Kind: captions Language: en Michaela Mayer has told Sky Sports she wants to face Lauren Price to become undisputed champion after she retained her WBO title against Britain's Sandy Ryan overnight. Well, what does Wales unified world champion think about a potential showdown? Delighted to say Lauren joins us live right now. Thank you so much for joining us this morning. Uh before we start, let's just remind ourselves what Michaela had to say after that victory over Sandy Ryan last night. What do you see ahead for you? I know there's been a lot of talk about Lauren Price and unification. Yeah, you know, getting through Sandy when I wanted to give Sandy the rematch because it was a great fight. It warranted a rematch. That's when I believe a rematch should happen is when the fans want it, when it's warranted. So, we did that, but I beat Sandy twice. Now, it's time for me to move on and go for Undisputed, which is Lauren Price. Undisputed. And that means you, Lauren. What's What's your response to that one? Yeah, I seen that little clip earlier. Um, yeah, let's get it on. You know what? I'm obviously unified world champion. I said after I beat Jonas, I wanted the winner of Mayor and Sandy. Obviously, I watched the fight. Um, you know, great fight. I thought Mayor won very well and what a fight to make and, you know, I'm up for it 100%. Yeah, it was another impressive display by Michaela. Did her performance impress you or or could you see any weaknesses that you might well be able to exploit? I thought she boxed very well. I thought, you know, she she set the pace. She worked well to the body. Um she had good combination punches, but it's a fight that all along I believe I win. And you know, I I won that fight. Um undisputed. What more do you want in the sport? And it's a fight I believe, you know, I can box, I can fight, I can do both, and I come out on top. We're just seeing her uh in action. And actually afterwards, Sandy Ryan tried a few different things, didn't she, yesterday? In fact, Michaela was saying afterwards, it's like fighting a different fighter in this one. Could you see what she was trying to do? And is that a game plan you might look at? Uh, you know, I just think I'm my own person. Um, I think Sanne gets a little bit too involved sometimes and plays into Mayans with fighting. I think she's a better boxer. But, you know, it was a great fight. Um, Maya, she works well on the inside. But, like I said, and I say all the time, my skill, my speed, I believe I'm too much. Yeah, I loving that confidence I'm hearing. Um, because you did put on that, you mentioned it, that impressive display against Natasha Jonas. How much confidence did that victory give you? Oh, I've always believed in myself and my team believed in me, but I think, you know, boxing at the Royal Albert all on March 7th, I think I showed that, you know, how good I am and I can, you know, more or less compete with the best and win the way I did win. And you know, we seen Jonas and and May our fight, you know, going back last year and it was close and I believe, you know, the fight that I had with Jonas, I won comfortably. So, I just think I'm on another level and I think it's a great fight to make. You know, I respect Mayor, but I'll come out on top and, you know, I'll become undisputed world champion. Yeah, you'll have to put in a lot of extra training just to lift all those belts by the end of it, won't you? That looked impressive enough. We also have to ask you about Clarissa Shields. Is that another fight you would entertain? Yeah, definitely. Um, you know, my full focus is on 147 at the minute in becoming undisputed. Um, but definitely a fight, you know, down the line. I would love to share the ring with her. Obviously, Olympic champion as well, double Olympic champion. I'm Olympic champion. He's a great fight to make. Um, yeah, definitely. Yeah. And and finally before we go, um if you do have a message for Michaela, if she's watching, what would that be? Just congratulations on a great win and I'll see you soon. Let's get it on.