Kind: captions Language: en Hello and welcome to our weekly boxing chat on Sky Sports News. I'm Andy Scott and I'm joined in the studio by Gary Logan and WBA interim super welterweight champion of the world Abbas Baral. Welcome to both of you. Thanks for coming in. We'll hear from Abbass very soon. But it's time to welcome another guest who's celebrating a big birthday today. Welcome to one of the best to ever do it. It's Lennox Lewis. Lennox, happy 60th uh birthday, looking magnificent there uh out in Miami. Thank you so much for joining us. Um we're having a little look back at your brilliant career. Uh I've got to ask you, which fight do you still get asked the most about and which fight do you enjoy reminiscing about more than any other? &gt;&gt; There's so many fights uh to choose from. All of my fights were really good and uh you know I would have to say the Mercer fight was a really good fight for me because um my friends actually seen me get hit. So cuz I always asked them which white fight do you like to say on a Mercer fight and I said why? Because I got hit in that fight and it was back and forth. So they like action fights. They they like those type of fights and I kind of like those fights as well. I wonder with the the bigger picture, I wonder if the Tyson fight as well because of the sheer amount of eyeballs on the buildup and stuff like that that that seems to be the one that loops most on social media. Do you find that &gt;&gt; as well? Yeah, the Tyson fight. People love that fight. Um uh they said it was a great fight. They loved it and uh they enjoyed watching it. &gt;&gt; We're looking at pictures here, Lennox, of of you and um Emanuel Stewart. And I wonder going back down memory lane, uh, in your opinion, is the heavyweight championship of the world still the the greatest prize in sport? And what did being undisputed heavyweight champion mean to you and still mean to you in a number of ways? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean, it is the greatest prize in in the world and it meant to me that I was the best. There were so many different champions, so many different belts, but you know, being undisputed marks me as the number one guy and that's what I wanted to do. I wanted to bring all the belts together. I'm like, you know, when they said, "Oh, that guy's heavyweight champion and also that guy's heavyweight champion." I'm like, "No, that there can only be one guy, so that was my aim to go out there and get that championship and be undisputed heavyweight champion of the world." &gt;&gt; And when you did it, what did it actually feel like? I hear sometimes people say like, you know, once you've climbed Everest once, it's it's difficult to go back there again. when you were heavyweight champion of the world, one true heavyweight champion. Um, did you still have the same drive, desire, and motivation? &gt;&gt; Yeah, of course. Uh, because there's always somebody that's out there that say they can beat you and, uh, you have to show them that they can't beat you. And, you know, it's hard getting to be the champion, undisputed champion of the world, but it's even harder to keep it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, very well said. I mean, I've been enjoying your I think we all have been enjoying your punditry recently and certainly around Alexander Rousi and there's a lot of talk at the moment uh the the current heavyweight pitcher. Uh there's a lot of different opinions about Mosesuma. Should he get his chance at Usyk next? Uh what would your advice be? What would you do if you were working with him? Would you let him off the leash and let him take the shot now or is it too soon and and better to wait and build? Oh, way too soon. You know, it's better to to wait until, you know, he retires. I mean, he's not going to stay around too long. I'm talking Alexander Usyk. And um then take your shot. I mean, there's no use doing it right now. Right now, you're learning. You're learning everything. And uh you have to wait till the right time. You can never be rushed. It if you're rushed, you know, you're going to do um a bad result for your career. So, it's better to take your time and and and and take it when it's there, when it's ready, when you're ready. &gt;&gt; Wise words. Yeah, I think a lot of people will listen to that. Um, what about life at 60? Uh, have you made any pledges or promises to yourself that you uh you want to do in your birthday year of 60? &gt;&gt; Yeah, actually I did. One of my things was scuba diving. So, I'm in Florida scuba diving right now and uh get that off that bucket list before 60. So, uh I did. There's, you know, there's other things. I wanted to actually jump out of a plane, but they say I'm too heavy, so I can't do that. &gt;&gt; What about the diving? How's it going? I mean, I've never done it really. Uh, how are you finding? &gt;&gt; No, there's a there there's a lot to uh to figure out. You got to hold this thing up to boy, make make sure your buoyancy is right. And then if your glasses get water in it, you got to clear it. And then when you go down 10 feet, you got to bust your nose. then go down another 10 feet and then bust your nose again for the pressure. Yeah, there's a lot of different things to worry about, but the fish, they just come up to you and look at you and they spurred away. So, I love that aspect. &gt;&gt; Yeah, they probably saw the baddest man on the planet down under the water and got well out of there. Um, can I ask you before you go, a quick word on the Dennis Lewis League of Champions Foundation that's keeping you very busy. I understand one of the great things about boxing is when two former opponents rekindle, Hassen Rackman was out there helping you in the recent summer camp. Can you tell us a little bit about that, Lennox? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it was a great It's a boxing behavioral camp and uh you know, we take uh kids uh to camp for a week, learn them the the basics on boxing the the bas and put them in the ring and we will and that's going great and I'm looking forward to that. That's really keeping up my time right now. &gt;&gt; Well, enjoy it. Happy birthday. Thank you so much for joining us out there on your birthday and best of luck with the rest of the foundation. It's it's great when people like you put time back into the sport. So great to see and thank you for joining us on Sky Sports News. &gt;&gt; Thank you Sky Sports. Blessings coming from the undisputed. Big o.