Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Where do you think you might be in 5 years time? &gt;&gt; Hopefully a world world champion. That that's my aim. And I won uh I won practically everything in the amateurs there was to win. And if if there's anybody can that's got a chance to go on and be a world champion, it's it's it's definitely me. So I'm going to give it my best shot. I'm going to keep listening to me trainer Billy, keep learning, and take each fight as it comes. And that's what I hope to be. I'm quite confident I can can be up there. &gt;&gt; Good talking to you. Hope all the dreams come true. &gt;&gt; Well, hello and welcome to our weekly boxing chat on Sky Sports News. I'm Andy Scott. I'm joined in the studio by Matthew Mlin as we reflect on the tragic passing of British boxing legend Ricky Hatton. Um Matt, there's no real easy way to say that. I think we're going to try and navigate this, you know, as best we can. Um, you know, please bear with us. It's it's been a strange three days. It's a real tough few days for everybody connected with boxing. You knew Ricky, great friend of yours. You trained with him and you must have wonderful memories. Um, I I don't know how you're feeling right now and how you've been able to process the news. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it was just a massive shock. Um just you know it was it was you know the the kind of highs in boxing on the the Saturday night with Crawford and Canelo and then to hear that on Sunday just like kind of just so out of nowhere as well. I know he'd had some battles in the past but it seemed like he was in a much better place. Um, and to yeah to lose someone so young, such a character as well, such a color colorful personality, someone that very humorous, wasn't it, Ricky? Very, very funny, loved humor. Um, shocking news. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think I don't think people will mind me saying that. One of the things that we've already done the podcast saying, one of the things you found that helps you is is actually remembering some of the brilliant memories that you had with him. As you said, a terrific character. um anyone that saw his after dinner stuff like a brilliant um comedian. What are some of the better memories and the best memories if you have from those gyms? Probably not all of them are suitable for on air but um must have been a brilliant chapter in your career training alongside &gt;&gt; Oh, it were the best days, you know, the best days. Ricky, Matthew, Paul Smith, Gomez, Billy, Kerry, Bobby Rimmer. I mean, just a gym full of characters. And of course, Ricky was the the star guy, wasn't he? everyone uh was benefiting from his success boxing on those undercards of those huge nights. Um you know those trip to Vegas, the Mayweather fight un like just unbelievable the amount of people that went over there. People in Vegas, the blackjack um blackjack dealers and roulette dealers, they just couldn't believe it. They'd never seen anything like it. I know they they' had, you know, Miguel Cotato and Mayweather had boxed there and and De La Hoya had big followings, but the the kind of, &gt;&gt; you know, let's be honest, boo the boozing and the partying was a big part of the crowd that followed Ricky. &gt;&gt; They I can you ever imagine that Las Vegas would run out of beer. &gt;&gt; Can you ever believe that? And it did with that 30,000 I think we know now, don't we? Went over and the more the more the story grows, it's 50,000. It's everything. &gt;&gt; I think they even ran ran out of mixers that ran out of lemonade. Yeah. Uh, I mean, unbelievable times. Let's welcome a a guest to the show with many fond memories of the hitman. Welcome to the boxing show, a commentator and former trainer, uh, an all round boxing, uh, knowledge, uh, Teddy Atlas. Teddy, I wish we were talking to you in in better circumstances, if I'm being honest. Um, Matt Macklin's here with me and we're talking about the great times uh, that we had alongside Ricky Hatton. What did it mean to the American audience and uh I suppose the American fight landscape, someone like Ricky Hatton coming over there? &gt;&gt; You know, I I refer to a saying that's been around boxing that the ring is the chamber of truth. And in that way, there's never been a more honest fighter than Ricky Hatton. Think about what that encapsulates. I mean, he just gave you everything. Every time he got in the ring, he gave you an honest day's work. He just he poured it all out. And he was always committed to doing anything he could do to get to that other guy from bell to bell. He was everything that a fight fan wants. they and not just a fight fan but somebody that wants to aspire to be better to say you know what I'm having my own little fight in life and which we all do I mean life is a fight that's the prism that I look through it being in boxing for 50 years and they see Ricky Haten not the most neon talents if you will in the world But the great will, the great heart, uh the great relentless pressure. When that bell rang, he was he was moving forward. He was getting inside. He was going to your body. He was going to try to break you down, take your will away, take your oxygen away. And for people besides it being a a great watch for the fans, it allowed them to say, "Hey, when you're determined enough, when it means enough to you, when you work hard enough, you don't have to be the fastest guy. You don't have to be the slickest guy in the world. All you have to do is be very determined like Ricky Hatton. And never give up. Never give in. find a way and that's what Ricky did. And um I mean he he beat a great champion in Kaiser Zoo to win his first title. So it wasn't like he had an easy road to it. You know, he went through the fights that he went through. He got to the title fight for the junior welterweight title against Zoo and he did what was really a shocker to most people. He he broke down Zoo. Again, Zoo was a better pure puncher. He was uh a just a great amateur and a great world champion. But Ricky, that didn't matter. He found a way to take those talents away to even the playing field with pure grit. As I said, determination, resiliency, and those are things that everybody could wrap their head around. Again, you don't have you don't have to have been born with a silver spoon. You don't have to have been born with the greatest genetic pool in the world. You look at Ricky Hatton, you say, "If he could do it, I could do it. I got to go do it." So to me, I I look at him that we've lost more than just a guy who's a former world champion. We've lost an example. We lost an example, a teacher, because fighters like him teach us that we can be better, that we can do what we're not supposed to do. And that's a great loss. Uh, and I love the way people should know about this too, that as much as he was committed when the bell rang to going out there and attacking that guy and staying on that guy's chest, going to his body. He was committed also to helping people. He was committed to using boxing, his experience to talk to young people, to talk to them about what to do, what not to do, but about how they can be in they can be buoyed, they can be embodied, they can be lifted up by boxing, the confidence, the direction, the discipline that it gives them. And he went out there and he talked to a lot of kids about that. kids that were were not always inclined, you know, to be on the right track. And he did everything to get them back on the right track and to again to use his experience to use boxing as the tool to do that, to tell kids that, hey, you know, you can um you might have problems here on at home, in school, in different areas, but you know what? You can overcome those things. I overcame them. So I I it's a great loss and like I said it's it's more of a loss just as a human being for me. I spent time with him in Saudi Arabia in the last uh year and a half and we had a lot of good talks, really good talks. And I'm so happy my son was with me because when he heard the news, he was he was very upset about it as most people were. And he said, "Dad, I'm one of the greatest things about going to Saudi Arabia with you on all these trips is I got to re meet Ricky Hatton and talk to him and see the kind of person he was and feel because that was the thing. He made you feel him with the body shots. He made you feel him when that bell rang. But if you talk to him, he made you feel his genuiness, his care for other people. He made you feel that, too. And again, in that way, I I make him uh I make him very special, more than just a guy who held some belts. &gt;&gt; Teddy, thank you so much for coming on and and paying your respects. A wonderful tribute from you there. Um, and uh, yeah, I wish we were talking to you in better circumstances, but hopefully we'll catch up with you soon, but I'm sure uh, everyone associated with Ricky Hatton will thank you for your words. &gt;&gt; God bless. &gt;&gt; Some of those uh, memories are great, aren't they? I want to touch on Cost. Um, Ricky was desperate for for the crack at the world title. Um, and when Frank Warren made the Costazoo fight, Costa was at the top of his game. You were in and amongst like the the thick of it. Um, a lot of people I think outside of your team thought that that the promoter made a wrong choice, that it wasn't the right thing to do. Do you remember your memories of that? Was I mean, we're looking at it now. It's going to be quite emotional, I think. But unbelievable atmosphere and it was 2 a.m., wasn't it? Because it was for American broadcast. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I'll never forget this night. It was one of those night where there was something I just felt like there was something special in the world in the air. It was like there was like an electric atmosphere because it was so late to suit American television. And I remember walking into the MEN Arena that night and uh like I said there was a there was a gang of Australian fans walking and I don't know what the the song was but it was like the chorus bit was like sue soo and I remember just getting the butterflies in the stomach because we knew this was a different level that we had never been to this before. This was the first fight where Ricky wasn't the favorite. In fact, he was a massive underdog. Kasu coming into it off a big win against Shawn Bay Mitchell look back to his you know destructive self. Um, and lots of people, even the believers in Ricky, you know, people who did believe he was world class, but they didn't believe he was going to beat Costa Sue. &gt;&gt; This is the moment, Matt. This is the one, isn't it, that lives long now. &gt;&gt; And not only did he beat him, but he broke him, you know, he he he broke him and he didn't come out for the final round. He made Teddy Atlas talked about it there, making it his type of fight. Bringing it, leveling the playing field, I think was the term he used. He didn't allow Costa Sue the time in the room to line him up for those big shots. He jumped on him. He set the pace. He dictated the terms and he made it he made it a dog fight. He made it a grer and his stamina and his work rate and his and his will to win, you know, cheered on by the 20 odd thousand people in the in the arena. That night was just that'll be a night I'll never it was one of the best nights ever in boxing that I've experienced. &gt;&gt; Yeah. A brief one before we go. Last one on that. the Sky documentary that um God there's so many things you can pick out of that now. But there's that great moment where uh trainer Billy Graham says after it was all said and done we got taxi back to where we live and people were lying in the streets as we got out and they were applauding us and and Billy breaks down. Um would you go as far as saying that that probably is one of the great nights of British boxing, one of the great wins? &gt;&gt; Definitely. Definitely. Um, you know, Billy used to talk about it afterwards that that you know, that was the uh from the age of 17 when he was still an amateur, but training with Billy, you know, they those were the that was the night they talked about, you know, that they talked about not just being world champion, but being the number one, being being the being the man that beat the man and Costasu was the man. He wasn't just the best uh super lightweight in the world. He was universally regarded as one of the best pound-for-pound fighters in the world. And um Ricky beat him. Not just beat him, you know, made him quit. &gt;&gt; Ricky [Applause] Hitman. I just want you to answer me two questions. &gt;&gt; Who have you come and see? &gt;&gt; Floyd. me. &gt;&gt; Who's checking the bells? &gt;&gt; Let's have him. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Welcome back to part two as we remember the incredible career of Ricky Hatton and how he took British boxing to places we never thought possible. Matt, that's no understatement, is it? Ricky's American Adventures. Um, it it represented a period that I don't think anybody thought was possible for for him to go over to America, take all those fans um with him. Incredible. Really, you're part of all of that. I mean, we say it in jest a lot of the time. You're you've got a a key part in the 247 HBO documentaries that won Emmys because of your behavior out there, if I can say it like that. But you shared some of of Ricky's adventures. They must have been amazing out in America. Oh, I mean it was a very special time in British boxing and personally for me a special time in my life to be around it as a young fighter coming through aspiring to try and you know emulate him or copy him or achieve even a percentage of what he achieved um to follow in those footsteps if possible. It was a great learning experience and to see how he conducted himself, how he he dealt with everything, how he coped with all the pressure and the media events. He was uh because it wasn't just the the boxing and the training. He he he was unbelievable on the other side of things. He he how he dealt with people, how engaging he was, how he gave everyone his time, um how he how he handled the pressure. So he he was, you know, he was such a a great role model to to be around. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well said, Matt. Yeah. Let's welcome a man who played a major role in one of Ricky's fights in the US. Uh, welcome to the show, boxing promoter, amongst other things, Lou Deella. Lou, again, I I echo I wish we were talking to you in better circumstances. Uh, the Vegas fight weeks for for for Ricky against Mayweather and Pacquiao were legendary and arguably they'll never be repeated again. What was the American perspective of, I don't know, the the British invasion, I suppose? Well, I I I love the video you just saw before I came on of the Mayweather fight. That weekend, Vegas was Manchester. I mean, it really was. And And when he said, "Who were people here for?" Oh, they were here for Ricky Hatton. I mean, there were 25,000 people from Manchester there. And like that was the beauty of Ricky. I mean, was there anyone that ever represented Manchester more loyally or better? Was there anyone who who frankly represented the UK in boxing any better? He was every man. He was the most approachable. the only like I had this conversation yesterday with Thomas Howser, the Hall of Fame boxing writer, the Ali um biographer, and we agreed that in our entire times in boxing, and he's been in it longer than I have, and I've been in it 35 years, the only fighter I can compare the impact of to his own community, to his own country, to his own people, and then eventually to the world uh was the greatest of all time, Muhammad Ali. That's the kind of impact Ricky had on the people of Manchester, on the people of England. Um, and then eventually on the world because if you met this cat, you liked him. If you met Ricky Hatton and you spent any time with him, you generally walked away feeling like he was your friend. And that was the case for millions of people in Great Britain and the entirety of Manchester, every fan of Manchester City football team. I mean, Ricky Ricky was special. Ricky was um different. &gt;&gt; Lou, I've probably got time for one quick one before we let you go. How do you think he'll be remembered? &gt;&gt; Um, &gt;&gt; well, he's the pride of Manchester, but he's going to be remembered uh, frankly, as being maybe one of the most approachable athletes ever. I mean, I don't want to get religious, but if you look, if you believe that there's one fundamental rule in life, treat other people like you want to be treated. Um, the gates of heaven swung open widely for Ricky Hatton. &gt;&gt; Lou, thank you. So, &gt;&gt; sorry to cut you off there. Thank you so much for for coming on. Um, and and great to hear from you. I just wish it was in better circumstances, but thank you for giving up your time for us today on Sky Sports News. &gt;&gt; Ricky deserves all the time. &gt;&gt; Top man. Thank you, Lou. Um, let's go straight to another guest, uh, whose voice really, let's be honest, was synonymous with many of Ricky's biggest fights and biggest nights. Welcome to the show, Michael Buffer. Michael, thank you so much for coming on. Um, &gt;&gt; we we know how well &gt;&gt; Ricky was supported. Um, what was he like to announce, if I'm allowed to ask you that because I don't want to ask you for favorites or anything like that, but the Hitman hat and it had a real ring to it. What was it like to announce him in front of those fans? It it it was it was always so exciting because when whenever I introduced him, there was always that massive uh crowd of support and love and everything and and of course the you know looking back it's you know I I can't even it was so difficult for me to even like say anything on social media. I haven't even been able to do it yet just to write anything. But um when he fought at Man City Stadium &gt;&gt; and uh had 54 55,000 people there and it was it was after he had lost I think to uh &gt;&gt; to Mayweather and he came back went back down to 140 and uh I remember when I announced him as the winner. The fight was against uh Juan Lasano in May of 200 eight. And &gt;&gt; when I announced his name, &gt;&gt; he put his arm around me and and I said his name like right to his face and it just &gt;&gt; it it was a great moment. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we're looking at these pictures right now. We're actually seeing these pictures right now. &gt;&gt; Uh he was just special. That's It's hard to even talk about it now. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Take a moment, please, because I think &gt;&gt; for us it's very raw at the moment. Uh I think we're all &gt;&gt; quite numb to it, to be honest, and struggling to to process. Uh didn't think we'd be doing a show like this. Um Hatton Mayweather, you know, the chalk and cheese personalities. Do you think that's what made that so special? You know, not not really including the fight itself, but we will never see a buildup like that again. I'm I'm pretty certain. You know, we showed shots before the break of you announcing them at the weigh-in and stuff. You know, could you even in your wildest dreams have comprehended 30,000 Brits coming and um leaving their mark on Vegas &gt;&gt; with with the Manchester crowd there? I don't think uh Vegas has ever had an invasion like that. It had to be 20 25,000 people. And of course that that band that always traveled with the the the horns and drums and you know there's only one Ricky Hatton and it just reverberated all through the casino and the hotel and it was amazing. &gt;&gt; Michael, I'm going to let you go there. Um I know that's been quite emotional for you. So I really do appreciate you giving up your time. We wanted to give you every chance uh to come on and say your words. Thank you for everything that you gave us there. It was brilliant. &gt;&gt; Uh thanks for having me and rest in peace, Ricky. &gt;&gt; It's very tough hearing everybody giving these tributes, but I know everybody wanted to come on. Would you give me the last sort of 20 seconds? Would how are you going to remember? Everyone's given a great tribute there about the Ricky the fighter, Ricky the fan favorite. How will you remember your your great mate Ricky? What he's such a I think Lubellis Ludy Bella said it good there. So approachable, you know, one of the um what a great fighter, what a great role model. What a hard trainer, disciplined, dedicated, focused, driven, um guts. Teddy Atlas mentioned it that will will to win. Really honest fighter. Left everything in there every single time. um just a ph just just very lucky and blessed to have been around and been a part of his journey and to have learned from someone like him. &gt;&gt; Thanks so much Matt for giving your time to us today. Uh so thanks to all of our guests for joining us to pay respects to Ricky the Hitman Hatton, a man who changed the face of British boxing forever and created amazing memories for his army of fans. There will only ever be one Ricky Hatton. How would you like to be remembered? &gt;&gt; Um, well, people will make their own minds up, you know, of how good that a fighter they actually think I was, but you know, I I would maybe in a sentence uh the world champion that was one of us. [Applause]