Kind: captions Language: en Well, hello and welcome to Olympia London, which will actually be our venue on Easter Sunday for this historic first ever most valuable promotions UK card which is topped by this double header. We've got Caroline Dwire and Terry Harper. But the other side of that is Ellie Scotney against Melli Flores for the undisputed super bantamweight titles. Delighted to say that Chantel Cameron, Nikisa Vidarian, and Ellie Scotney joins me now. What a great way to start the chance to become the youngest male or female uh UK fighter in the four belt uh era of boxing to do it and to do it in London. I just wonder how much of a motivating factor that is for you. &gt;&gt; I feel like fighting for undisputed it's like you don't really need any more motivation but then when they put this on your plate you wow that comes with even more pressure. So it's massive on the day it's held as well. It's just like I was saying to Niki so you guys have really overd delivered for me and I'm beyond grateful. It's a fight that should have happened before though and I wonder that's twofold isn't it? It's given you more time to prepare for whatever me Flores is going to bring but the other side of that is it's given her &gt;&gt; more time as well to prepare exactly what she needs to do to be Ellie Scotney. So it's it's twofold. &gt;&gt; Listen I was saying to I remember the call I made to Nikisa to say I couldn't make the date and the place I was in to the place that I got the second call around to say it's on this date. Like I say there's no more confirmation to say it's the Lord's timing and being on Easter Sunday in itself. So, you know, I'm going to be 110% of myself and I believe that beats anyone. &gt;&gt; So, have you worked out your schedule of the day? Uh because obviously Easter Sunday, we know uh how deeply religious and how important your faith is to you. Do you know how you're going to structure it all in terms of where you need to be and when? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I'll be doing the the Sunday service as norm. And then my pastor's even going to come to the fight and pray. So, we'll be bringing the church to the Olympia and I feel like yeah, it'll be a big night on April the 5th for many reasons. &gt;&gt; Well, we'll be welcoming everyone and we wish you all the best. Chantel Cameron, great to have you back on Sky Sports, a chance uh to step up to super welterweight and win the WBO title. You've climbed this mountain before and I've already asked you this question a couple times today, but once you've climbed Everest, you know, how do you stay motivated to make sure you can climb it again? You know, you've you've been there, seen it, and done it and you got to find a little bit more to do it again. &gt;&gt; So, yeah, I've been at the top of the mountain, become undisputed, beat the poundfor-pound best, and then I come tumbling down, and now I'm reclimbing. And sometimes you need things like that to happen in your life to rebuild and make you a little bit more grateful for opportunities. And I think that's what's happening now for me is that I'm like rebuilding and I do feel like I'm going to become undisputed again. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Is that the the long-term goal? Obviously, you did it at lightweight and now super worldwide that's in your way. &gt;&gt; Yeah, she's in my way. I feel feel like any opponent's in my way, but for me it's like I got these three minute rounds and I really am going to show everyone that women can do threes and look good doing it. Yeah, I mean this will be a statement. Others have done it in the past, but I know that you're very keen on on making it happen and that works. We're going to be studying with interest about, you know, how you cope and and if it might be the start of a Preston here. &gt;&gt; So, everyone that works for me has always said three minute rounds suit me to the ground. So, now I just need to showcase it on the big stage and break them down and make them pay. &gt;&gt; Break them down and make them pay. What a great way to introduce our new guest. I mean I I say our new guest it's a historic night for most valuable promotion CEO of that company who works closely alongside Jake Paul Nikisa great to have you here if you didn't know which I think you did but now it must have hit home sort of the magnitude and and how special this is going to be as we stand here just the other side of the door this magnificent arena and what a fight night it's going to be on Easter Sunday. &gt;&gt; Super excited to be a part of this event with these amazing athletes. It starts with our partnership with Sky Sports. So thank you to Sky Sports. Thank you to the UK for bringing us here and thank you to Shantel, to Ellie, to Terry, to Emma, to Caroline and the entire card. They're going to put on a tremendous show. We've been believers of women's boxing since we started MVP in 2021 and come April 5th, we're going to show you why. &gt;&gt; Two quick questions on J Paul. We put that brilliant Instagram message out which said, you know, my journey began on Sky Sport, so it's great to come back. Uh, are we expecting him uh hopefully on fight week or on fight night? And how is he healing up? So right now he just landed in Milan. His fiance is racing on Monday. I'll be flying to Milan on Sunday as well. The plan is for him to be here. He's going through obviously recovery, but yes, we hope to that he's going to be here on April 5th. &gt;&gt; And you know, we we're dealing news. So I will ask you about his fight in the future. He continues his recovery uh from his broken jaw against Anthony Joshua. Do you think he will fight again and will want to fight again? And if so, uh sort of when and where? &gt;&gt; Absolutely he will fight again. and his goal is to fight in 2026, but he's fighting on April 5th because none of this happens without his belief in women's boxing. When we started MVP August of 2021, we told the network we want a women's co-main event. They looked at us like we were a little crazy and others in boxing were like, "You're putting on pay-per-view a women's co-main event." And we said, "Yeah, cuz we believe in women's boxing. Watch what we're going to do." And over the past year, we've had the opportunity to start working with Ellie, to start working with Shantel, to start working with all these tremendous athletes for the world to see who they are and the product that they deliver for the fans. &gt;&gt; Well, it is our pleasure to welcome MVP here and we look forward to fight. So, best of luck to Shantel and to Ellie, which is part of this magnificent card. So, put it in your diaries Easter Sunday. Uh we cannot wait for what is going to be an absolute cracker.