Kind: captions Language: en A monster event indeed. I am joined back on the stage now by the four fighters that are fighting in our world title fights come Sunday, May 4th. And there no boo is going to help us translate for Noya Inaway when we get there and also Gabe once again. So, thank you for joining us. We'll start with our co-main event. It's the WBO featherweight world title fight that kicks off our broadcast at 700 p.m. local time at T-Mobile Arena and live on ESPN. Uh we were just talking about it before we came back on stage. It's it's the Texas contingent over here on this side of this stage. And um Edward Kid Vasquez, we'll start with you. 17-2, four knockouts, but a big opportunity for you come Sunday night to fight for a world title against Rafael Espinosa. We talked a little bit about it yesterday, but kind of how would you put into words uh the opportunity and and the task at hand come Sunday? Yeah, you know, it's u well, you know, what an opportunity. you know, we're fighting in Las Vegas at the T-Mobile Arena for the WBO world title on Secret Dem weekend. Um, you know, coming up, I've been fighting since I was 7 years old, so this is all just like a a really big dream come true, you know, and I'm very uh appreciative and and grateful for the opportunity. You know, I want to say thank you to Top Ring and my promoter Lou Deella for making this happen and uh thank all you guys for all the support and um you know, it's going to be an allout war. You know, not only is it a good opportunity for you, but you earned this spot. I mean, you've been on the big stage before. You fought for a world title before. It's not It wasn't given. Yeah. It was earned. Um, with with that being said, a tall task figuratively and literally in your opponent. Uh, what's it going to take to get the job done? Uh, just violence, you know, total allout violence. And, uh, that's what I'm here for. I'm here to, um, you know, to hurt him and take that belt home back home, back to Texas with me. In doing your film prep, I know it's probably hard to find a sparring partner that's 61 at 126 pounds. Yeah. Yeah. So, I'm I'm imagining you're preparing against, you know, taller guys, but at a bigger Yeah. You know, we we had a few guys come in um that were 126 pounds, 130 lbs. But, yeah, for the most part, we use guys that are 147, 154, which is kind of what I'm expecting him to be on on fight night. So, um I think that kind of, you know, it fits right in. Have you ever been at a 9 inch reach disadvantage before? And actually, yeah, as a as an as an amateur, um, I was I was one of the top amateurs at 145 pounds. So, I was always a smaller guy, but I fought guys like that, like 6 foot, 6' one as an amateur, traveling across the country fighting guys like that. So, yeah, you know, I if you know me, I I get in the ring with anybody. So, usually if there's guys in the gym that are, you know, that need some work and they're 6 foot, 6' one, whatever, let's go, let's run it. So, uh, like the kids ready. Yeah. At the end of the day, you know, to to um like the casual boxing guy, height plays a big role, but if you really know boxing, it's all about this. It's all about the mental and um the height doesn't really matter a whole lot. Well, and I wouldn't say that he necessarily fights every inch of his 61 frame. You know what I mean? He likes to mix it up on the inside. I know you watch a ton of tape. You had some fun yesterday at the media. Yeah. Workouts with showing some of the elbows and throwing the Espinosa special. You know, he likes to throw them elbows. That's what he's known for. He said the Espinosa special with your Yeah, he's that uh two-time elbow champion. So, um if he wants to throw some of that, I I'll uh I'll return it and maybe give some more. Well, we're looking forward to a a straightup banger in our co-main event. That's what I think it's going to be. I know I know how you fight. You know what I mean? And people will be entertained no matter what. Be a shootout. Let's get it. We're looking forward to it. Edward, thank you so very much for joining us up here on the studio. I appreciate it. Yep. Absolutely. And to your opponent now, do you want to just answer that? Right. Anything to say to that right off the [Music] top? like getting into arguments. I think for you this opportunity to defend your title for the third time on this big stage means a lot. We talked about that. Yeah, go ahead. We talked about that. [Music] Yes, this is another opportunity for me in my career. Another fight, an important fight. Um, I always try to give the best. This time will not be the exception. I prepared to the best and I think this has been my best preparation physically and mentally as well. So, I always try to give the best of me in each fight and you will see that. For you, Raphael, you're 26 and0 with 22 knockouts. When you kind of burst on the scene with that performance against Roaci Ramirez, um you were maybe relatively unknown to the large boxing audience. Now, the fighters that you fight are in that same position somewhat that you were. Does that give you more motivation now that you are the one with the target on your back? [Music] Yes. No doubt. No doubt. In that fight, nobody really knew what I could do in the ring. Uh, I still ha I I showed what I was made of, but I still think that I can demonstrate more in terms of my boxing skills, my heart, and continue showing that. And so, I think this fight is a great opportunity with Vasquez because he's a great fighter, and it's an opportunity continue to continue demonstrating that. I'd be remissed if I didn't ask the only Mexican world champion fighting on the card what it means to represent your people on this stage, on this weekend of Cinco de Mayo, where Canelo has fought here in years past. Floyd Mayweather has fought, you know, Julio Cesar, Chavez, etc. There's been big fights. Now it's your turn. What does that mean to you? [Music] Yes, like you said, very important opportunity uh because of these dates. I've always wanted to fight on these dates. I always wanted to fight in this place and to have it now it gives me the chance to wake up every single day uh and give a thousand% and give the best of myself in this fight. That's all fight fans can ask for, right? A fighter giving a thousand%. Y before I let you go, yesterday I let you off the hook because I I I know that you have pipes. I know that you can sing, too. And I won't I won't make you do it right now, but we do have video of you singing at the press conference in Mexico City. If we can roll that tape. [Music] And Ailiano lip syncing there alongside you. So he kills it in the ring and on the mic. Yeah. Oh, and a do you think? [Music] Thank you. Thank you. It's something that I have enjoyed ever since I was a kid. I enjoy doing it. And if you want, I'll start singing right now for you all. Yes or no? Why? Why not? We got time. He said [Music] No, Gracias. I can't translate the song, but that was dedicated to his wife and his ch his daughter. And he says that that's the vibe that I want from you all on Sunday to show everyone again that I'm the champion. As your daughter's blowing you a kiss, that melts my heart. Thank you so much. And I want to show that I have a lot of respect for my opponent as well. Absolutely. We were looking forward to an excellent fight to kick off the show. The first of our two world title fights on Sunday on ESPN. And now we'll get over to our main event. Gabe, thank you so much. Appreciate it. You'll hang out though up here for a little bit. All right, Ramon. Back to the other Texas contingent, but this time San Antonio, Texas, right from Fort Worth to San Antonio. Um, for you getting an opportunity like this, what was that moment like when you got that phone call? I mean really, you know, first things first, I want to thank uh my manager, Michael Miller, my promoter, Sam Leowitz, and his beautiful wife, you know, and Proax as well, because it was if it wasn't for them, I wouldn't be here. So, uh first things first, I want to thank them, my coach as well, Joel Diaz. But other than that, I mean, you know, it was just a normal conversation with my manager. He had called me and and I had just finished buying some food. Normal call. Normal call. And then we were talking about something else. And then he told me, "Hey, would you like to fight anyway?" And I said, "Yeah, you know, that's the fight that I'd been telling you I wanted." And then he said, "Okay, May 4th." And I was like, "Like, you serious?" He's like, "Yeah." So I was like, "Yeah, of course." So then we took the fight and now we're here. And how long of training camp? When was that when you got that phone call? I got that I got that phone call maybe like a week after my fight. So I was already like locked back in. Yeah. But shout out to Probox, though. You know what I mean? That's like that platform has been has been great. Yeah. They've been putting me on and and uh I'm thankful for them because if it wasn't for them, I wouldn't have this opportunity. And I know that you're a fight fan. You watch boxing even when you're not fighting, not only setting your opponent, but the guys around your weight class and boxing from years past for you to have the opportunity to fight on this weekend, right, to represent where you're from to get another shot at fighting for a world title. Um is this a dream come true for you? Yes, because I remember, you know, the first uh uh 247 De La Hoya and what was it? Mayweather. I remember watching them and then I remember like wanting to be here. So, uh, fighting for world title, I said it ear earlier, fighting for world title is one thing, but fighting for undisputed is it's more than I could ever ask for and and it makes me hungry. It makes me like want it more. I mean, you're sitting up here in front of every single one of these belts. I still haven't looked at them because they're not mine yet. I respect that. I respect that. But when you do look at the fight, I'm sure you sit there and you envision, like most fighters do, how they see the fights going, different scenarios of how they could see this playing out. What's the thing that constantly comes to mind when you think about your fight? I mean, more than anything, I I know it's going to be a tough fight. You know, I know in a way it's one of the pump pong greats, but I'm ready for that. You know, I'm ready for the toughest fight of my career. Like, I I've been saying it all all um all camp. You know, everybody asked me the same. What do you picture as like I picture a hard fight, but I also picture myself, you know, coming out there and doing my thing and uh showing, you know, the world who I am. Joel Diaz in your corner is like, you know, a secret weapon. He's not really a secret to those of us in the boxing world that know him, but he has been on this stage before. He's been in the big fights. The relationship that you have with him, the trust that he has put in you that the the your sparring partners, the guys that he's brought in, um what how much confidence and what has he meant to kind of for you to get you ready for this big moment? I mean, you know, for me, it's uh it's um you know, that group of people right there mean the world to me cuz uh again, you know, maybe five fights ago, I wasn't in this position at I was I was like everyone knows my story. I was doing a live trying to make ends meet and stuff and uh you know now I'm able to focus fully on boxing and uh so I owe it to them, you know what I mean? I owe it to that group of people right there. And uh now it's just finishing the mission. You know, I lost an uncle on the way to this journey. I lost a trainer as well. And uh you know, now I'm I'm I'm two days away to accomplishing my dream, accomplishing the mission. So that's my plan. I I mentioned it yesterday when I was doing some of my preparation for this and for the fight. Joelle was talking about your first couple fights that you fought. You fought for, you know, soda, couple tacos, a pair of shoes. You were just that kind of guy that's like, doesn't matter what it is, cuz this is not the end goal. This is just the beginning. I'll fight for whatever it is. And now you have an opportunity to fight for undisputed. I'm sure the biggest check of your life. But it still strikes me that you're the type of fighter that's like, I'm doing this for the glory, for the I'm not doing this for anyone else that's like, oh, golden ticket, golden ticket. I've seen that word floated around a bunch, this promotion. that you just don't strike me as that type of person. No, because for me, you know, the money can go. You know, we've had world champions and legends that have millions and millions of dollars, but then they end up, you know, um they end up broke and but those titles right there, you know, no one would ever be able to take that away from me. Even in 100 years from now, they'll remember my name because I was one of the undisputed world champions. So, you know, that ultimately that's my goal. You know, the money, if I really wanted money, I can go get a nineto-ive job. You know, I've said this before. You know, I can go get a 9 toive job. is not going to pay the same, but I instead of getting my head hit and stuff like that, you know, I could just go get a 9 to5. But, uh, that's what it's about right there. And, uh, that's what I want. Um, in in closing for you, Ramon, why should people run to the sports book tomorrow night and throw a $100 on Raone Cardinis? Because boxing boxing is beautiful and no one no one knows like um the full story of everything, you I'm not, like I said, I'm not coming to collect a check. And that right there makes me dangerous. You know, if I was here to collect a check, I I would just uh I wouldn't show up, but I'm here and I'm here to win. And uh you know, my team believes in me, my family believes in me, and uh I'm just I'm just excited. You know, I want to thank also Mr. Inway and his team for for uh really accepting the fight. And uh let's give our fans a fight on the on this Sunday. Thank you so much. We're looking forward to it. Truly appreciate your time. Did you translate all that to him so he knew everything that Ramon said? No. Appreciate you, Nouv. They've kept you busy this week. Um, champ, we we see this hardware up here. We see these belts um that you've earned undisputed status. You came here to Las Vegas twice before this now your third time to wrap up training camp here. How did this camp compare to some of the others you've had in the past? [Music] Don't the last two times I was here in Vegas uh it was in the pan during the pandemic and uh I I had to train accordingly but uh this time I'm fighting in the T-Mobile and I think that's the biggest difference and you'll be fighting in front of the largest crowd that you've had here in the States. You fought in the States three times, but this time at T-Mobile. Have you thought about the energy that that might give you? Different than the Tokyo Dome, but a a US audience nonetheless. Are you excited about that? [Music] I'm very motivated to fight in front of a American crowd in a big arena like this. But having fighting on a Cinco deo weekend, I feel that I am a fighting away game. Okay. So, I I don't know what to expect. I've never thought about it in that in that sort of way. But I'm sure there's a You have fans all over the world. You're going to get a chance to see that come Sunday. You you you said that you would like to put on an impressive boxing performance for those fans. What does that look like come Sunday? [Music] Yes. [Music] Well, first of all, the ideal situation is to to show the American fans my boxing and win with a knockout. But, uh, more than anything else, I want everyone to see that what they haven't they have not been able to see live in Japan here in the US. For you, you've given a lot of respect every interview to Ramon. Uh you talked about him being a well-rounded puncher, how he has an excellent lead punch, that he's tough. Um does he remind you of any of your opponents that you've had in the past, or does he pose unique challenges? [Music] um you know a similar fighter. Uh it's it's hard to say, but uh he's a very well-rounded fighter, and I think it's a a good platform platform to uh show my boxing. Does it bother you when other people talk about other opponents because of the amount of respect that you do have for Raone? [Music] announcing future fights and such, you know, no no the the answer was no. That doesn't bother him. Uh, I've spoke to Nonito Daire and he talked about how special of a fighter that you are. Your opponents have talked about your speed, your power, your movement, all the things that make you difficult. But what would you say is your greatest attribute? [Music] A lot of people talk about power, but you know I the defense, the distance and the timing is something that I I believe is uh is very also very important. defense, distance, and time. Yeah, very much so. I I I would tend to agree with that. And before we let you go, I just wanted to ask you in your last fight against uh Yun Kim, there was a moment before the fight ended where he kind of encouraged you to come forward and then not too long after that, the fight was over. Did that make you want to stop him in that moment or that was just the opening that presented itself? [Music] Yes, it upset me a little bit. And at that point, yeah, it's like, let's I'm gonna knock this guy out. Okay. So, don't do that. Okay. None of the Yeah. You don't want to you don't want to fire him uph more than that. Look, I I know you've been doing you guys have been doing a ton of interviews uh all week long. I'll give you a chance really quick to let everybody know um to your fans watching in Japan to tune in on on the [Music] in Japan. It'll be noon. And everybody watching in Japan, please watch my fight. All right. We're looking forward to it. All right. Thank you everyone. Thank you for watching. We're going to pose off our fighters now. Don't forget to uh tune in to our fight. Of course, buy tickets, all that good stuff. May 4th, it's going down from the T-Mobile Arena and live on ESPN. Let's face off our fighters now. Evan, you ready? All right. Thank you, guys. Okay. Just just one second. Face hard. Face hardward. Off the right shoulder, Mike. Okay, we're good. Thank you guys. Stay up. Good boys. Thank you. [Music]