Kind: captions Language: en As we bring you in back to our set, we are joined by Emiliano Fernando Vargas. Glad to have you up here at the set on the scale, made the weight, the hard work is done. Little over 24 hours away. How are you feeling? I feel amazing. Um, I want to thank all the beautiful fans here. Thank you for all the love and support. But, uh, you know, we couldn't do it without you guys. I'm here to make it a show. Um, El Hen is back, baby. You know, I'm just looking to keep on knocking heads off. Um, I'm young. I'm hungry. And I'm a fighter. So, I fight. I fought three weeks ago. And if they thought my last performance was a great performance, then uh, you know, it's a super Super Bowl Sunday event come this Sunday. Yeah. A million, you've been on a lot of undercards coming up from Top Rank over the years, but this one's got to feel a little bit different, right? You've got NAS, the main event. It's on a Sunday. It's COD weekend. H how are your feelings going through this fight week? I just know that uh this is what I was meant to do. You know, uh this week was was amazing for me. Uh I took it slow and and and fast and everything because I know this is what I'm supposed to do. As a kid, I envision my I remember seeing Canelo at the media workouts and a kid and wanted to do that and I'm here. So, uh I'm going to continue to grow. I'm going continue to learn and uh you know, the sky's is the limit. So, I'm excited. You know, I can't I can't talk to your dad because your dad, you know, he's he's all over the place when you talk to him. But but one thing that I got to say is that, you know, he's he's always telling me stories about when he disciplined you, he would take away your gym. How true is that? Yeah. No, 100%. He knew what heard me, you know, but uh I fell in love with with winning, you know. I won my first amateur fight and then since then, that was all she wrote. I love winning and uh come this Sunday, I'm going to win in a big fashion. Yes, sir. Well, all you've done is win. 13-0, 11 KOs's. Ameliano and and maybe me and uh being the champ here get some more rounds in. I know we got some rounds in last time, so I was younger, you know, he was touching me up a little bit. Come on. Iron. Iron sharpens iron. All right, let's send it back up to Jimmy Lennon Jr. Thank you very much, Christina. Ladies and gentlemen, at this time, we are ready to bring out our fighters in the first of our world title attractions. The co-main event of the evening will be live on ESPN starting at 10:00 p.m. Eastern time, 700 p.m. Pacific time. It is 12 rounds of boxing for the WBO featherweight championship of the world, Raphael Eldino Espinosa versus Edward Kid [Music] Vasquez. First up, ladies and gentlemen, we present the challenger. He'll be making his second attempt at a world title. From Fort Worth, Texas, please welcome the world ranked battle ready contender, Edward Kidz. [Music] 125.6 lbs. 125.6 for Edward Kid Vasquez. And now we bring out the defending world champion. He'll be making the third defense of his title. 26 and0 with 22 knockouts from Gualahara. Halisco, Mexico. The undefeated WBO featherweight champion of the world, Raphael Edino Espinosa. 125.4 125.4 a ready 125.4 Number four for Raphael El Deino Espinosa. We have a fight. 12 rounds for the WBO featherweight championship of the world. Guadal Laara is in the building. The loudest ovation we've heard so far for the champ. Raphael Espinosa. Undefeated. 26 and0 22 KOs. Uh significant height and reach advantage, but Edward Vasquez says I'm not worried about it. I'm going to chop down that tree. Oh, 100%. I mean, he's one of those guys that makes every fighter have problems with Yeah. Fight his fight, right? And then don't be fooled by his record, but the the guy can fight and the guy is here to fight as chance of the veno breakout here. And you can see the height difference right there. And that's pretty much the situation every time he fights fitting 61 in 126 lb frame. That is crazy. The tallest I got, the tallest fight guy I fought when I was in the 122 division was a 5'11 fighter. So I was kind of right there and I was like I have to be like punch out. I got to jump. Quite a starown. The last time they'll see each other face to face until they meet tomorrow evening for the co main event in the center of the ring for the first of our world title attractions. All right everybody, I'm I'm here with Edward Edward Vasquez. Now you've been here before. before. You've been in title fights before, but now a new weight class. What's different this time around? I'm just, you know, more seasoned. I'm smarter. I'm better, more hungry. And, uh, now I know what it takes to get that title. I know what it takes to come out as a I know what not to do to come out as a loser. And now I know I what to do to to, you know, get on the other side of that. That's great. That's great. Well, best of luck. Thanks for taking the time, champ. How are you, brother? Good. So obviously you got the strap on your shoulder there. Mexican champion fighting on Cinco Deayo weekend. Huge opportunity for you. What does this mean for you in terms of your whole career? It's a dream. It's a dream come true to be here with all the people on this Mexican date and this title right here. No one's going to take it away from me. Well, Chan, take a moment and let these people know what to expect tomorrow night. [Music] I expect the best version of Edward Vasquez so that we can give a great fight and you're going to see that Mexico will always be here forever. All right. All right. Put your hands together for the champion and the main event of the night. Congratulations. I'm very much looking forward to our co-main event. The first of our two world title fights. All right. Here we go. Now, it's time to bring the fighters out for the main event of the evening brought to you by Bob Arum's Top Rank Incorporated in association with Ohashi Promotion and Take Promotion, sponsored by DraftKing Sportsbook. The crown is yours. It's 12 rounds of boxing for the undisputed junior featherweight championship of the world featuring the champion Hoya the monster in know versus Rammon Damita Cardinas. First, let's bring out the challenger. 26 and one with 14 knockouts to his credit. He's the world ranked contender and battle ready fighter from the beautiful city of San Antonio, Texas. Please welcome Rammon Damita Cardinas. 121.8. Cardinos weighs in at 121.8 lb. 121.8 lb for the challenger. And now, ladies and gentlemen, here he is making his very special debut here in this year 19 2025 here in Las Vegas, Nevada. A boxing superstar, pound-for-pound great from Japan, the four division world champion, the undefeated, undisputed junior featherweight champion of the world, Na, the monster in no way. [Music] 121.9 121.9 lb 121.9 lb. We have a fight for the undisputed junior featherweight championship of the world. [Music] You know what was interesting is uh Noia Inaway said to me yesterday he felt like you know the visitor fighting here. Not many cheers for Inaway up there on the scale, but you heard a little more for Cardinas when he waited in. Yeah, I mean, it's it's my weekend. We have we have a bunch of Mexican fighters on the car from one card is a Mexican American. You know, Japan's a long trip. That's a long way away. It sure is. You know, it's not often times you hear the superstar not getting the same uh reception as you do the challenger. And uh you know, part of the reason is Raone Cardinis earned this opportunity. He's built his, you know, his chops up, if you will, on on a platform like Pro Box where he's gained some fans and now he's got the biggest opportunity of his life come tomorrow night. I mean, he's he's coming on a 14 uh fight winning streak. You know, he's beaten two undefeated guys. He's here to make a difference for for his and to be every fighter dream about is becoming a world champion and becoming an undisputed world champion. I thought this is not just a title fight for him. It's an undisputed title. One fight for all the straps. This is a shortcut. Oh, what? He He said it over here. Overnight, he can become a legend. He can go from obscurity to being a legend. Look at that. Stare down. Intense. Stare down. Intensity. I love that though. I love that. I'm getting excited right now. There they are, ladies and gentlemen. It's the main event of the evening. Undisputed junior featherweight championship of the world. Wearing all of his belong. This is Ramon Damas. [Music] Yeah, and that's the last time the two principles in our main event will see each other face to face until they are face to face in the ring tomorrow