Kind: captions Language: en Now, the former twotime world champion Natasha Jonas has been taking part in a sport and literacy project, literacy kicks, as part of the social impact program in Liverpool. Delighted to say that Natasha herself joins us live. Very good morning to you. Just give us a sense of what you're up to today then. Yeah, I think uh literacy kicks is a initiative run by World Boxing um to the kids to get to enjoy the the athletes experience and interviewing skills and obviously improving the literacy and writing a news report about what what we do today and and the questions that we've answered in the school. I very rudely just introduced you as Natasha Jonas when I should have said of course Natasha Jonas MBE congratulations. How much does that mean to you? Yeah, I think um to be recognized for what you do within the ring is a is is a great thing, but I I'm I'm very proud to be recognized for what I do outside outside of the ring. I think it's a honor and a privilege to be uh recognized and celebrated. How did you how do you find out? And I'm guessing that very excited about a trip to the palace and a lot of people asking to go with you. Who are going to be the lucky ones that you take along? Oh, I haven't done that yet. We're going to have to do it. Um, a a lotto. It's going to be like the Euro millions in the Jonas household and uh we'll pick the I think it's two two or three that I'm allowed and um one one has to be I'm sure me nan is going to take Trump over over one of them tickets. So, the the others can battle it out a royal rumble. I like the sound of that. I'm going to ask you that annoying question then because a few months on since since fighting Lauren Price and ever since then people have been saying is that it or are we going to see you back in a ring? Where are you now with with that thought process? Yeah, I think it's um easy to make uh decisions and judgments when you're feeling emotional and stuff. Um I still honestly haven't I haven't decided. Uh I've took a little bit of time out from the gym. um I'm doing, you know, projects and initiatives like this, which I really enjoy being with the young ones and and getting involved in school programs. So, um yeah, we'll see. We'll see what opportunities uh become available. Do you get the sense then that that it's not when you're taking the time out, but it's actually maybe when you go to to step back into the gym and and start to train that you'll know either you do still have the fire for it or actually that's the time when you're happy to to call it a day. Yeah, I think so. I think people don't realize uh like how hard it is. Uh and it's not just physically hard and physically demanding, but it's more mentally um of do you want to be be that person again. Do you want to putting your body through it is is the easy part, believe it or not. It's putting, you know, your mind through it and and being that that person again and again and again. I guess it's a little bit like Olympics. You go through that Olympic cycle that you you go right up to that peak which is preparing yourself for fight week, getting ready, going through it all, and then there might be that that weird feeling of well, what next when you get to the end of a fight, win or lose. Yeah, I think um there's always a a thing of what comes next. Um and you Yeah, it's you've just got to make them decisions and make the decisions that's best for you. There'll be a lot of people who have a lot of say and a lot of input. Some some you'll listen to, some you don't. Um, but you know, I'll make the best decisions for me, which is what I've done throughout my career. I I think I read you saying when it comes to deciding if you do want to go back in the ring and fight again, it would have to be for for a serious fight. Are you talking something along the lines of going back in with Lauren Price or or back in with Katie Taylor? That would get the juices flowing enough. Yeah, I think you know to come back just for a win sake is not enough for me. I don't think it'll motivate me enough. It has to be a a big fight. It has to be something that um you know mentally I can get myself up for the challenge. Like I say, your body can do whatever it wants if your brain's not behind it. It's not going to be at the at the the peak. So yeah, there has to be a challenge in there for me. Um, talking of challenges, your football team Liverpool rose to all of them last season and all you've done this summer is is make great signings. So, you must be very excited about potentially retaining that title next season. I did I um I consciously wore a red dress on one of the um the the fight nights as well as celebration. Um and yeah, um the signings, you know, we've we've lost some key players, I'd say. Um, but to to get them to get some go players signed up and and ready to perform. Well, we'll see how preseason goes, but you know, it's a good time to be a Red. Yeah, it is. Congratulations once again on the MBA. Keep up the brilliant work in the community as well, and hopefully we might see you back in the ring at least one more time. Cheers. Thank you.