Kind: captions Language: en Yes, Gail, good to see you. A two-weight former world champion Tasha Jonas alongside me to prove you a massive night of boxing. Boxing returns to Sky Sports. Tasha, great to see you. Just how excited are you for this card this evening? &gt;&gt; You know, it's great to have MVP back in the UK, Sky back in boxing, and more importantly for the athletes them to have a big night. You know, elite women's fighting, all world championship fights. It's an amazing night for everybody. first boxing event here in nine years as well. A pretty special venue for boxing to return. In terms of the main event itself, Terry Harper taking on Caroline Dwis. Of course, you fought Terry back in 2020. Caroline being seen as the favorite. Can you understand why? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think in the early um exchanges of words um we we seen Terry look a bit nervous, look look a little bit uncomfortable. Now, of late in the last couple of um media outings, she's seemed a bit more confident and she's put it a bit more pushed it back to Caroline. So, it'll be interesting to see how that goes. You know, a lot of fights are won before people even step in the ring. &gt;&gt; How significant therefore do you feel like the buildup has been this week because we have seen Terry come out her shell a little bit. She's not being pushed around the last two days where in previous times she had sort of let Caroline do the talking and not responded. Yeah, I I think you know Caroline is quite quick witted um and she comes with a a loaded gun of of Arsenal to throw at Terry and Terry wasn't quite prepared the first few times and now she's come back with her own and I think you know I think you know look at Terry's experience she's had she's been around the game for a very long time at a high level a few performances haven't been probably her standard of what she'd expect of herself but I think sometimes you need that fear factor to bring out the best in you and she'll definitely have that in Caroline. &gt;&gt; And you fought Terry back in 2020, a thrilling draw that night. I know you probably feel like you should have got the the result that night, but in terms of the experience that she's had fighting the likes of yourself, being there against Sandy Ryan, albeit she wasn't successful, but Terry Harper has fought some of the best names, not always been successful, but coming into a fight like this, being the main event, will that play any factor at all? Do you think? You've &gt;&gt; got to take every fight as they come. And I think um for where she is in her career right now, this is a big opportunity for Terry, just as big as it is for Caroline because she wants to, you know, push on and get the Balm Gardens and get show she's got a future where she sees her going. Terry's got this last ditch effort to propel her her future and it makes for an interesting fight. I think I I do think that Caroline will try and blast it out in within, you know, the first half of the fight at least. But then we have seen Caroline struggle a little bit when she does that in the later rounds. And one thing I will say about Teddy is she's fit. &gt;&gt; Ellie Scotney is the co-main event. She's got the opportunity to make history herself to become the youngest ever British undisputed world champion. Just what have you made of her story and the opportunity she's got to create more history for herself tonight? &gt;&gt; I think Ellie is one of them fighters that have really gone under the radar in the UK. We kind of know she is, but she doesn't get the AC accolades that she deserves. And I think, you know, we should be speaking about Ellie like we do about Katie, like we do about Chantel. And tonight is her night uh to to prove that to the world, how good she really is. We've seen it. You know about boxing, you know about Ellie, but it's time for the world to know. &gt;&gt; Sometimes you almost forget Shantel Cameron is on this undercard and she herself said she's enjoyed being under the radar this week. She's fighting three-minute rounds for the first time as a professional boxer. What are you expecting to see from her this evening? She wants to make a statement because clearly there's some massive fights ahead from her. But saying that, tonight is a big night, a chance to become a two-weight world champion. When you're not a headline, I think the pressure comes off and you've got one less thing to worry about. But, you know, there's we've seen the the signing of MVP and Michaela Mayer. There's a great fight in Chantel and Michaela Mayer potentially. Um, so she'll want to, you know, still be up there in in in in in the eyes of MVP as as one of their elite and best. So she wants to put on a good performance. She wants to, you know, still continue and fight on with the great names like Michaela Mayer. So yeah, it's it's interesting. Everyone wants to put on a good show and that should lead to some good fights. &gt;&gt; Let's hope so. And she's fighting in those three-minute rounds. What difference will that make? Because that's something she really wants to do. and she feels that with the more time she has, more work she can do and the more likely she is to to create those stoppages. &gt;&gt; I think one of the things about Chantel that maybe a lot not a lot of people know is when we used to be on GB, we used to do these um like tests to see how quick you recover in between rounds and Chantel and I think Josh Taylor was another one who recovered fully within that minute. So her output continues constantly constant. She she can fully recover within a minute and go again. So it's she'll have longer to be able to do that. And I don't know if other women who haven't adjusted and adapted to them three minute rounds will recover as good as she is. Output and her engine is superb. &gt;&gt; And finally, Emma Dolan starts the show this evening at 7:00 p.m. on Sky Sports main event and she's got the opportunity to become a world champion. really interesting fight this because she takes on Irma Garcia, the current world champion who is 44 years of age. &gt;&gt; Like don't let don't let don't let age be a factor. Don't let it fool you. I was in uh Flint, Michigan. Um sorry, I was in Detroit, Michigan on the Clarissa card and Matise went out there, 46 year old grandmother of two and she come out with a WBA, I think it was world title. Um but I'm so made up for Emma. She's got a chance to sign shine on a big night on a TV card and I believe she's got she's got the talent to be able to do it. &gt;&gt; Tasha, thanks for your time. We cannot wait for it to get underway. But we've still got a bit of time, plenty more buildup to bring you on Sky Sports News.