Kind: captions Language: en Tasha, obviously I'll ask you about a night to remember first because I've already spoken to David. Uh it's in Liverpool, two proud Liverpool fighters who went right to the very top and yet you've now got a group of footballers who want to do the same thing. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a a bit of a different match and it's it's it's harder being outside and not being able control to control what's going on inside. So, I'm just waiting to see who I've got. I I did request someone good, but yeah, you know, they're not going to be rolling around in the in the box of Ringardi pretending they've been shot. They're going to have to they're going to have to, you know, hide every emotion that they they when you do want to scream and you do and you have been here, you're going to have to hide all that and be like, nah, you haven't you haven't done it. You haven't heard me. So, it'll be it'd be interesting to see. &gt;&gt; I don't know if it's a chat that you and Nikita have had. What's the hardest sport, boxing or football? So if you're a if you're a footy player and you do a boxing session, then it's boxing. But if you're a boxer and you do a foot, you know, go and play a footy match, then it's football. So I just think it's the generally your fitnesses are decent and quite good, but it's the playing of the game, you know, the 90 minutes or the intensess of the 10 twos, whichever way it is. So yeah, I think I think as an all round boxing, you've got to be quite good at a lot of things. Um, so, so yeah, I'm gonna I'm gonna slightly edge towards boxing. &gt;&gt; I guess these guys will find out in a few weeks. Um, I want to ask you about uh Caroline Dubois against Terry Harper. We saw the gloves are off. We saw how that went down. What did you make of it? I think I mean I can only pull from a an experience that I had of Terry when when we done a um a press conference once before and Joey told me to stay outside and I never really quite got why he he told me to stay outside and then later on I was brought in and when I when I went in I could see Teddy fidgeting and she's just touching her neck and her legs are going and I thought I don't know what Joe said but he's got you. He's got like he's got you you've lost it like and I think it's the same thing Caroline has really got under the skin and she's trying to hide it and but you can see you can see the signs and and Caroline can see it as well. So I think it's a really interesting I'm loving the new Caroline. You know as long as you can back it up in the ring then you know go and be who you who you want to be and and and have that confidence in yourself. Um, I don't think it's going to be as easy a fight as she as she maybe is is saying it's going to be, but I can see I can see a Catalan win. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Where's this new Caroline come from? Because I remember speaking to her, goodness me, GB camp when she was going off to that Olympic Games and how I she was a great talker actually for a young girl, but she's got an air about her now. Yeah, I think it was something that we we we've I asked and she said um that's who she's always wanted to be, but she was kind of pulled back and suppressed and was told not to be that person. And now, you know, she's got the confidence, she's got the title, she's got the the platform to be who she wanted to be. And she doesn't have to be, you know, the quiet and and and and boxing needs that. We we can't all be the nicey nicy and good luck on fight night. And you know, we need characters just like the men's and she's turning into a real character. &gt;&gt; She, you know, the world's oyster, I guess, but you've said there, you don't think she finds it as easy as maybe she thinks against Terry. Break the fight down for us. Where is this fight one and lost? &gt;&gt; I think the first three, four rounds are going to be very important. uh one for for for Terry to be able to, you know, um kind of put her foot down and and and make Caroline respect her and then to and to to frustrate her. But then on the flip side of that, Caroline's got to do the exact same thing to frustrate Teddy to to let her know that she, you know, to to be dominated and to be three rounds down and to have to revert back to something and and who's whose revert is going to be, you know, the key telling point. Um, you know, car Teddy's got it in her head that Caroline's going to fade a little bit in the later rounds, which is something that we have seen in maybe a previous fight. Um, and we have seen that Teddy is really fit. Um, so, you know, a battle of fitness, a battle of IQ, and a battle of the the the first the first three rounds, I'd say. &gt;&gt; Do you think that that's the area where Terry can win? I mean, cause an upset is the right way of putting it actually, because I think we all expect Caroline to win, but can Terry cause an upset through that natural physicality, fitness, her engine? &gt;&gt; Um, it' be a big upset. Um, but she can do she can drag it into the the the later rounds and and make it look ugly and make it work and make a punch when she doesn't want to. And that's the one of the worst things in boxing is punching when you don't want to, you know, and and fighting at somebody else's pace and somebody else's tempo. That that's the bit that gets you tired. When you're in your little comfort zone and doing what you want and hitting hitting in your own thing, then then you you're not going to be out of breath. You've worked at at your own pace. It's when you're working out of another person's face that that's when the struggle begins. &gt;&gt; When you were in the ring with Terry, was there anything first of all that surprised you in terms of her being maybe better at certain things than you thought? And was there anything actually thought well I thought she might have a bit more in that area where you felt you were able to dominate? &gt;&gt; I thought um like I say engine was good. I thought shot selection was good. But I was surprised for someone who was so at the time very muscular that there wasn't really much behind the shots and there was you know there's a lot on how big her legs are and how muscular she was and I thought okay you you'd have a bit more a bit more whip a bit more snap in the shot. So yeah maybe that's something she's developed on. She was still very young as well when we fought all that all them all them years ago. So maybe she's developed a bit of that woman strength. &gt;&gt; What about Caroline? She has been on this astronomical rise. What's the next step? How does she get even better? &gt;&gt; I think the the the thing that makes you great is who you're in the ring with and and beating all them big names and and having them big nights and them big fights. So I think she'll never look past Terry because she's too experienced to do that. but she's also got her eye on Balgardner and she knows that she needs to get that result to get the Balgardner fight and you know that is a huge fight and they're both with MVP so it's not an issue of whose platform and who's who's going to hold it and who's going to um show it so it's a fight that she will have half an eye on but she's focused on the Teddy one. She knows she needs to get the Teddy result first. &gt;&gt; How hard is that though? You've been in that situation. I've been with you in that situation where all the questions I've asked you in the buildup to a fight have been about the next opponent. the big title shot, the unification bout, but you have to get past the opponent in your way first. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think it's just experience, you know, you you everyone can make noise around you. You're just the same with the boxing ring. People are shouting or stuff all throughout the fights all throughout, but you're just honed in on the opponent and you don't hear none of it. You might hear one or two voices, but it's the it's the same. People can talk all the noise that they want, but you're focused on the one in front of you. &gt;&gt; Tyson Fury is out of retirement. Um, is there anyone that can tempt you back in the ring? &gt;&gt; It has to be a big one. It has to be a big one. I think I've never heard a Katy Taylor would would definitely be an enticement. I I definitely think I'm good enough to beat her at least once. Um, so yeah, Katie would be a name. Anyone else? &gt;&gt; Not particularly. Not particularly. &gt;&gt; Well, that's what we all think. We all assume it's just Katie. Is it just Katie? &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, otherwise it'd have to be a big occasion. Um, so yeah, like but the the one that means the most to me personally would be a KT5. &gt;&gt; And just finally, just a wider question about the card in April, the all women's card. I mean, how big is this again for women's boxing and British boxing? Because it feels like British boxing has just had a year or two where it's been on the periphery of sporting conversation. This brings it back to the center, doesn't it? And there's a big opportunity. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's huge. And to have your first um a fight with an all female card is a huge statement and and that just proves where MVP are going with the the female movement. I think it's a massive statement and absolutely brilliant fights to have. Not one of them on there that you can say is an 80 to 20, 9010. They're all, you know, a 50/50, 6040. Um so yeah it's a and and giving opportunities to people like Emma Dolan who not many people may have come across on her journey but she's a great fighter and she's in there managed to get away for a title fight. So, you know, you've got one names that household names that we all know in your Katies, your cat, sorry, in your Carolines and your Terries and and your Chantels, but you know, even even um Ellie Scotney, you know, she's gone under the rad. Ellie Scotney has had probably the hardest one of the hardest routes to a to a world title fight and now she's um you know going to be fighting for it undisputed in her hometown in London in front of everyone. And I think she's not got the the the her flowers that she deserves.