Kind: captions Language: en I'm delighted to say uh that we are joined by Lawrence Aoli uh who is out in Dubai. Um twotime world champion but up with the big boys now at heavyweight. Lawrence, first question, where on earth are you? I'm in lovely Dubai at the moment. I You're in Dubai, but you also look like you're in the back of a car, so I'm hoping that your your signal holds up. It looks pretty good so far. Uh we haven't seen you in the ring uh for a little while, have we? since December. Um, how is life as a as a heavyweight? You've had some injury issues. Are they behind you now? Yeah. No, long behind now. Long behind. Uh, I feel my fittest, my strongest, everything's sort of peaking. Fortunately, I'm able to look at all my stats from when I first won my first world title till now and everything has gone up through the roof. So, feeling good. Feeling great. facts. Yeah, it it's a frustrating uh little period though because injury did lead to you having to withdraw from that bout that everyone was looking forward to really against Richard React. Can you just give us an update on on where you are with it at the moment? Are you are you fully healed? Yeah. No, now I'm fully healed. Back sparring, back doing everything that I I do before fights. So, uh right right now I'm just pumped and ready to go. We had uh Richard Reactpaw uh on Sky Sports uh just you know uh last week I think it was uh talking about the cancelled fight. I don't know if the grab has made its way to you but here's what he had to say about the circumstances surrounding it. Don't even mention that guy's name. that guy is is is supposed to be a two-time world champion and is it doesn't have the cojones to jump in the ring and get get this fight done but made up this this this story about injury. Till this day, we haven't had no evidence of of what happened. The guy's a phony. You're saying you don't believe that he was injured? He's a phony. He's a phony. So now we're moving on and focusing on bigger and better things. Lawrence, I mean, I've got to put it to you. He called you a phony and he doubts the whole thing. So, what's your response to that now you've heard it? Well, RP, hey, first foremost, he's a liar. That's I'll just start with that. A compulsive liar at that. And secondly, when you when when it comes to someone like Ratful, a I am a two-time world champion and he's a 35y old prospect. Has not done anything in his career of note. So, yes, I do want to tick that one off, but he's not first on my list on my hit list, you know. Um, to be fair, someone like he's the fact is repo's older than Boli, but he calls him Big Bro. Boli is more the type of fight that I want. I've heard Bakoli called me out today. So, yes, that's the that's the fight I want next. Him, Cabel, Parker, obviously have to wait in line for the the world champions, but those are the fights that I want. someone like react like he has to do something with his career or because we had a fight in the a little dust up in the cinema that's what he's trying to dine out but yeah that's my thoughts on him I'm more interested in Boli okay so that's that's moved on at quite a pace there now because the next one I was going to ask you about you and Dillian White throughout the years have had no love lost but you didn't you didn't list you didn't list him in that list there because he's he's a coward it's as simple as that behind the like in front of the Dylan's the type of person that goes on like he's about this. Yeah, I'm a box. I'm a Matt. He's not behind this. I'm a box arrange car like that. I'm getting is point blank. He does not want no Koli fight and and and at the end of the day, he's going to box next and we're all going to see the caliber of fighter that he's in there against since 2019. And obviously you guys know back when we had our little first interactions whatever else I've wanted that fight but obviously on my journey at cruiserweight and I was kind of told by promoters it can't happen but now I'm heavyweight ranked above him two time world champion anyway Dylan don't want the fight that I'm not going to waste my energy on him. Okay. Well before you go that we had a lot of names we had a lot of names there. What if I said to you name me one the number one fight that you want this year. Who would it be? I I I'll give you two. I'll give you two Cabayo because I'm number one ranked and he's in champion so I want that fight badly next. If it can't be Cabayo, Boli is a legitimate heavyweight contender that everyone rates and he's just said that he wants to fight me or Cabayo. Cabel doesn't seem to want to fight no one. So me and Boli can get on. No, no problem whatsoever. Now, thank you very much for joining us in the back of that car. Little did I know that you're absolutely going to bring the smoke. That was uh that was quite impressive. Uh, Lawrence, I have to say I don't think it's going to be quiet for you, though, because I think that's going to spark some uh some arguments on social media. It has to be said. Well, I mean, listen, of all of all people, you've seen my whole career, you know, this been the energy from the start, and it will be the energy till I stop boxing. So, let's get it. Yeah. Well said. I'm here for it, mate. Definitely. Thank you very much uh for for taking the time to to come and join us. Marshall