Kind: captions Language: en Hello and welcome to our weekly boxing chat on Sky Sports News. Now today's guest is a former undisputed champion of the world, the first ever British fighter to be undisputed in the four belt era and he did it in just 18 professional fights. It is the one and only the tartan tornado Josh Taylor. Thank you so much for coming in today Josh. Before we get to you though, uh, waiting in the wings is a fighter who has got a huge heavyweight showdown with Joseph Parker uh, at the O2 next month coming up. I'm delighted to say that joining us is Fabio Wardley. Uh, Fabio, great to see you. Um, I wonder how this fight and preparation and and sort of training camp um, stacks up compared to the ones that you've had previous to this when you know what's at stake and you know uh, your opponent is probably the most dangerous man you've faced in Joseph Parker. Yeah, there's there's two sides to it. We we've done well in our previous camps and things with how we've gone about training and getting myself to the fight. So, we're trying not to adjust and change too much. Trying to like the occasional how big the fight is run away with things a bit. But obviously, we've got to take into account as well that it's the biggest test so far and and Joseph Park is a great opponent. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, I haven't seen a huge amount of it, but there are people that are saying, you know, is it too soon for Fabio? I mean, I wonder if there's a right or wrong answer to that because if you don't try, you don't know. But there's a lot of people that think outside of uh Usyk, you know, this is the two form heavyweights, you know, I think you could put Cabay in there as well, but um he he's earned his his billing as as sort of the best outside the champion. &gt;&gt; Yeah, look, him and Cabay probably are two and three depending on however you want to put it. Um that's a matter of opinion, but he's definitely up there. And look, whether or not it's the right time, it's an irrelevant question. The opportunity is in front of me. I asked for it. I asked Frank to make the big fights, make the big ones happen. He's pulled out probably this the second biggest fight there is out there for me and and delivered. So, it's my turn to turn up on the night and do what I do best. &gt;&gt; Can you sum up what's at stake for you? Yep. your record and your professional pride, but also there is this prize at the end of the line which I'm sure you've not looked at too much, but um Usyk is undisputed champion. Unless he vacates the WBO, uh the winner of this fight should face Usyk probably in 2026. Is that your understanding? And if that is the uh carrot that's being dangled, just how much of a motivating factor is that to add into the mix? &gt;&gt; Yeah, look, that's a huge motivator. A huge motivator. You're right in the sense I'm not trying to get distracted by that too much right now. Obviously, there is still a big task in front of me to conquer and get past, but knowing that that is after just in the back of my mind is is a huge motivator. It really does keep you keep you on the straight and narrow and that sense of of staying focused on the goal and and looking slightly ahead to what could be because obviously that is the dream. That is everything is to fight for a world title. So, we've got to tick off October 25th first and get that out of the way. But then it's it's seriously onto the big leagues. &gt;&gt; Do you think there's any chance at all? And maybe it's not for you to say, but there are people saying it. If you're Joseph Parker, you probably thought all you got to do is keep winning and you'll get your title chance at at Usyk and all the belts and everything like that. And because of Usyk's injury and and the way that boxing's played out, he now has to face a dangerous uh I don't want to call you a prospect anymore, but a challenger or interim champion in Fabio Wardley who um sorry, he's interim champion, but he's got to face you now. uh instead of probably if he he lays there at night, he thought, "God, do I need this? I should be boxing Usyk." Do you think there's anything that comes into his mind at all? &gt;&gt; Yeah, look, maybe. But um from knowing from knowing Parker in the roundabout way that I do, he's he's very much just a fighting man. He's proven that over his last few fights as well that he's happy to just get in there, fight, and keep busy because you can just you can find yourself just falling by the wayside if you're sitting there waiting, waiting, and waiting and waiting. And look, boxing will always be boxing. it's not always going to go to plan. Things aren't going to go how you've laid them out or maybe you started the year with a certain idea in place. They're not always going to go exactly how you laid everything out. So, credit to him for just not wanting to sit there and wait and wanting to grab his opportunity and go get it. But, yeah, he might be a little bit miffed that he's having to try and get through another war just to fight his way to another title shot. &gt;&gt; You say another war ideally for you it' be a nice Well, pretty a punch knockout, wouldn't it? But, or a nice easy night at the office. The fact with the Hoon fight is it wasn't going your way at times, but you dug deep and and found the shot that you needed to find. It it does sort of underline and and really make that point that you are one of the most dangerous punchers in the heavyweight division. He he is renowned Joseph Parker for having a granite chin, Joe Joyce aside. Um and I know Dillian had him down a couple of times, but do you feel like anyone you hit in the heavyweight division, you can put them away? Yeah, look, if I catch you clean, if I catch you right, the way I've planned and gone about things, the main the way the way me and the team have drilled things, then yeah, like you're seeing there, I can I can get anyone in this division out with it. Um, Parker has proven in his previous fights, he's been in with some big punches and he goes down and gets up and goes down and gets up. So maybe in this fight, I'm going to have to going to have to pull it out of the bag a couple of times in a row. But one way or another, I do see myself getting him out of there. &gt;&gt; Can I ask a slightly mischievous one? Ben Davidson was on last week. your trainer or part of your training team, co-trainer. Um, and he's got this great gym of talent, including you in there. But he's also got Moses Talma sort of floating around the gym as well. And you know, if you're talking about two of the uh the people who should be, I don't know, front of the queue in the future of British boxing, you got you and him. Would you like to cause Ben a bit of a headache moving forward? And uh, you know, maybe you're the champion and and Moses is the challenger and you have to put put him in a difficult position. &gt;&gt; Yeah, look, who knows how the future's going to go. Um, right now me, Moses, we're both on our own courses. We both need to grab our world titles first before we have before we ever have some conversations maybe about crossing swords ourselves. But there's enough out there right now for the pair of us to kind of kind of have a go at and just occupy ourselves with before we need to start having a serious question or or think about maybe us uh getting in the ring at the same time. &gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly right. you got big business to take care of first of all. Thank you so much for giving up your time because I know time's precious for you uh with fatherhood and training camp as well. So, thank you so much and we wish you all the best. I think it should be a great fight. &gt;&gt; Pleasure. Cheers, mate. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Okay. Well, uh he prepares for his uh big fight with Joseph Parker, but as I mentioned, Josh Taylor is still with us. Uh first British four belt undisputed champion. It's it's come to an end. Uh which it was always going to be one day. it it's come quicker than you thought um because of injury. So I wonder if that's a good place to start. Uh &gt;&gt; must still be difficult. You know, retirement's never something you want to contemplate. Um how how are you dealing with life after boxing so far? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean I'm okay now. You know, I've been I've had my ups and I've had my downs. You know, I've had good days and bad days. Um and I found myself, you know, found it quite difficult a couple times because I'm at home. I'm by myself like literally on my own. Everyone's at work, you know, the wife's at work. My parents are at work, my friends are all at work, you know, I found myself being on my own a lot. So there was a days when I was feeling down. I was I was I was feeling quite down and and dealing with it the wrong way. Now I end up having a bit of an accident and busting my head open and stuff. So um but I've had a lot of people reach out to me and messaging me which is really, you know, and ex fighters and people that have reached out to me and sent really nice messages. So that's kind of helped it and helps soften the blow and helped me move forward with with life. You know, it was kind of like um the door had been slammed shut in my face. Like I said, I knew I was coming to the end of the later part of my career, but to end it kind of on medical terms was quite a tough blow. But um I've had time and I've I've sort of sucked that up and I've had had time to reflect on my career, you know, you know, uh looking at I'm sitting in the living room, you know, and I'm I'm sitting looking at my media wall with six belts in there and a Ring magazine belt, two Ring Magazine belts actually, you know, in my living room and the Muhammad Ali trophy and the best boxer of the award trophies of the year and stuff like that. It's all in my living room. So, uh, that kind of picks up and I go, "God, yeah, you've done okay for himself." You know, a little boy from Pres and Pans, um, has come on to then conquer the world. Literally conquer the world. So, um, I I take great pleasure in that and and comfort knowing that I I achieve my goals and some more. So yeah, now I'm looking forward to life on the other side of the ropes in the involved in boxing, you know, and it's starting next week with um Nathaniel Collins fight. Hopefully doing a little bit of punditry on that and hopefully that leads opens the door to more kind of punditry work and stuff like that cuz I need to be in amongst it. It's definitely part of my my DNA. &gt;&gt; But actually, we learned on the podcast earlier, it's not necessarily your professional achievements that maybe you're that I don't know that proud of uh or most proud of. It's the Comwalth Gold Medal. &gt;&gt; Yeah, the Commonwealth Gold. Yeah, we touched on it there in the podcast. Yeah, you asked the question, what was my my proudest moment? Um, and everyone tends to jump to me become an undisputed world champion, which is I'm very proud of like absolutely. But I knew I was going to become world champion. I always knew I was going to become world champion. Like I was world champion in my mind well before I actually become world champion. I believed I was going I always believed I was going to be become world champion. So when it happened it was kind of like right job done what's next you know what's next which was climbing the mountain to become undisputed champion but &gt;&gt; that was just a bonus you know um my proudest moment of my career was the amateurs days which is the the commonwealth games in 2014 winning the gold medal in Glasgow uh with the Scotland vest on so standing on top of the podium singing flavor of Scotland in front of 10,000 Scots and doing it not only for myself but for my country and representing my country that was that was the uh proudest moment in my career. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; absolutely. &gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely brilliant. Um may I ask you just about some of the other fighters that are around at the moment? Um &gt;&gt; you know &gt;&gt; Jack Caterel was a a point in your career. He takes on Echo Esimman who obviously your your final fight that's been announced for the undercard of Chris Eubank Jr. against Connor Ben too. Um &gt;&gt; who do you think wins that and why? &gt;&gt; Um I think it's a good fight. It's a good match him, but I think that obviously I've shared the ring with the two of them, but I think Jack wins that fight and I think he wins it quite comfortably. I don't see him I don't see Echo causing him any problems. Um due to the fact because of sharing with the two of them and for me when I was facing Ekko it it was relatively easy. Um but halfway through the fight because it was quite easy, I kind of felt that uh I kind of switched off mentally, you know, and then I let Ekko sort of get into the fight and then I couldn't get going again, you know. And I say that with utmost respect to Ekko cuz you got to take your hats off to Ekko cuz he worked his game plan and he and he made it work and got the result on the night. So you got to say well well done and fair play to him. But I just feel that Jack well he's got that he's got that style where he knows how to slow the pace the pace of the fight down. He knows how to make it awkward. He knows how to slow it down and he is very patient as a fighter himself. So I think that with with them two styles and Ekko coming forward and he's not the most cute with it. He's quite open and wide open. So I can see Jack Carol winning that fight quite comfortably I reckon in my humble opinion. So, I got to finish on this. We We've both enjoyed some brilliant Oasis nights throughout the summer. Um, we're going to show you a picture now. So, &gt;&gt; fair play to Oasis. And my friend took this uh John Hartnett at the uh Wembley gig on Sunday. Amazing tribute from Oasis during live forever. Um, if you could give me 30 seconds because they've announced the funeral um Cortez now where you can see that and I encourage everybody to line the streets of Manchester on the 10th of October. Um, one of the reasons that you turned pro Joe Cargi and and Ricky Hatton, can you give me 30 seconds on what the Hitman meant to you? &gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. I mean, I kind of based my style on Ricky Hatton. Um, just because he was all out style. He's all out action. And that was kind of how I boxed when I or when I first started boxing, it was kind of just fighting rather than boxing. And it was based on Ricky Hatton, you know, and Kzaki because of the Southpaw thing. But style-wise, it was Ricky Hatton. And I based my style on him. And he was just such a fantastic fighter and character all around, you know. He was he was funny, he was kind, he was witty, you know, had good jokes, good, you had good crack with him. So, he was just a a legend in every sense of the word really, you know, and obviously my condolences go out to the family. It's just it must be such a terrible time for them and it be such a huge loss to British boxing. &gt;&gt; Yeah, very well said. Uh remember October the 10th it is for the funeral. That is all we've got time for uh this week. My thanks to Fabio and Josh. Don't forget to download the Toe To- Toto podcast for more extended interviews and analysis. We'll be back next Tuesday with more special boxing guests.