Kind: captions Language: en De, you hear me? I hear you. Ah, thank you very much. It's always a pleasure to be back to London with the best ever boxing audience you can find in the world. So, as they say, wisdom is the fruit of experience. This can be very much related to boxing. And you know what? Daniel Juba had his priceless experience in the first fight with Alexander Usyk. And now he's not a kid anymore. Now he is a mature man with the IBF belt on his waist. And the one who underestimates him does terribly wrong. What can I say? But here we have a prodigy man sitting next to me and he has completed next to me. You're a prodigy man. uh who has completed it all. And you know what? He's still hungry and ready to expose his version of wisdom on July 19th here at Wembley. Fighting by the way for something historical that never been before. He says uh formerly he was thinking that he will be playing at Wembley but now it comes that uh he's going to be fighting at Wembley. Ah and one more important thing to know this time you will see the version of Usyk that you have never seen before. No more controversies, no more question marks. Let the victory go to the one who deserves it more. God bless. Thank you very much. Alex, I'm not going to let you go like that. We have a few things to discuss. Um, after that first fight, and I know you've been talking about it, but we're going to talk about it some more. After the first fight, you said that you felt Daniel Dubois had a dirty plan that night and that he landed several low blows. Do you still believe that today or was it heat of the moment? Yeah, we made a calculation. We watched the fight and counted the low blows that he landed but referee did not pay attention to and it was up to 20. For that reason, you made a conclusion that that was kind of a plan to play uh let's say dirty, maybe not [Music] dirty. Oo, haters say it's Photoshop, but it's not. That's a real one. So, they have several photos here of various punches from the first fight. I think there is one in front of Alexander Usyk. He is looking at he is asking for a pen and a marker. A member of his team is looking to give that to him. Frank, I think you've got photo as well. Frank's going to sign it for him. you. Why? Because it's uh for me like my home. Okay, no problem. Look at this. Maybe this. You can look this. Good job. No, this it's for you. So to confirm there are several different images here of Daniel Dwir punching Alexander Usyk which I guess Usyk team are presenting as low shots. Usyk has signed Daniel Dwis is now signing paper. It was uh body shot but illegal body shot nothing to do with the actual Frank, I think you've got a you've got a a photo in front of you as well. Yeah. Listen, we can't just picture from that's there. Look, that's not that's why I friend I stayed like this.