Kind: captions Language: en Big respect to to both fighters. What a fight we have just seen. Both fighters leaving absolutely everything in the ring. It was a fight when it lived up to its billing and then some. But it is Chris Eubank Jr. that goes 1 nil up against Connor Ben. Before we get stuck into it, how did you see it, Johnny? How did you have it? Did the right man win? I totally agree that the right man won. I thought the fight was a lot closer than that. Uh, very, very close. Uh you've got to commend uh Connor for a career welterweight putting on such a fierce performance and pace uh with the with with he was a fight with was a less experienced but Chris Chris showed that no matter what I'm going to dig in dig in hard because you know Adam myself was saying you know his legs don't look look fresh uh and but still no matter what that was heart and soul heart and soul right there just needing that little bit of something extra to to get him over the line both fighters There was a lot of pride fighting that night. Absolutely. Tasha, how did you have it? Yeah, I agree with Johnny. I think um Eubank was slightly ahead. Um I probably wouldn't have it four rounds. Um but yeah, I think the right person won. And I think sometimes in defeat, your stock can still raise and I think Ben has Ben has done that tonight. I think he showed a lot of heart. He showed power. He showed like Chris said, he showed things that we we haven't seen before. And maybe it is the big fights and the big nights that bring it out in him. So, good luck to him and the rest of his. We often say it, but both fighters should be immensely proud of what they achieved this evening. Yeah, because this is entertainment and they served up the most exciting entertainment. We can technically strip it apart, but there's no point. We're like, we were watching it and thrilled by it and enjoyed it. I thought the the right man won. I wasn't scoring the rounds, but it felt on balance as though the momentum in that last few rounds, he he his legs weren't working. So he figured out he just got to go inside and trade with the kid and because he's got the natural size advantage he could get away with doing that and and he can punch relentlessly as well. And I just think the last four or five rounds is where I think he just creeped ahead. There was a moment where we thought Connor Ben being the younger fresher fighter he was going to come through in this fight without a doubt. My worry was I thought his pace was just too high for for Chris and I think that's what shocked Chris as well. He his pace was consistent and it was probably only the last two rounds his pace dropped a little bit but he was still a high pace and so so I think got to round six round seven I said you know what the pace is going to catch up on Chris here because Connor was ferocious with everything he did every shot he threw jumping in with the shots and and again Adam broke it down well he said is when he's erratic he's more successful it's when he plants his feet he's more he's more susceptible to be to getting caught and that's what you saw well Connor saying that he he thinks perhaps the inactivity, the fact that he hasn't had as much activity, he's been at the ring sort of 14 months, that that was the difference for him. Would you agree, do you think? Was that the only thing? Yeah, I mean, there's there's a lot of experience and and you know, the weight factor and everything else, but I I do think, you know, there's no fit like being fighting fit and and regular activity and being in the ring keeps you on that momentum and keeps you focused and keeps your body prepared for battle. It was electric in this studio in the 12th round, but down at the commentary team, we have to have a look at their reaction in the 12th 12th round cuz it was epic. Absolutely brilliant. Right hand from you back. Ben just flinging a right hand over the top trying to get off those on his feet here. If anyone can just really clean now, then that could be enough. sold out here. Both are on their feet. Both tanks are empty. Right hand for Ben. Eubank leaning in. Looking to see if he could find that finisher. That one single punch. Ben slipping and rolling. Dips into a left hand. The crowd on their feet into the last 25 seconds. What a fight. This has been a swing and a miss from Eubank. He's barely got the energy in his legs to support him. Ben tries to tee up with a right and left to the body. 10 seconds. Big Lotman prizes him apart. Big right hand didn't quite land. There goes the bell. Both corners will celebrate. Both will claim victory. So good. Everyone was on their feet here. I don't think I've seen George so quiet all night, Adam. Yeah. I mean, it the it's very rare that fights deliver to the hype. And the hype behind this fight was phenomenal, but I think all of us by the end of it, we had our hands on our knees. We were bent forward looking at the screens, just enthralled by what these two boys put on tonight. So, kudos to both of them because that was pure entertainment. How much do you think that's going to hurt Connor? Oh, he was heartbroken. It was like hugging his dad. He looked like a little boy hugging his dad upset, devastated. But I tell you one thing, 67,000 people in here enjoyed every single second of every single round. And if you can ever think, you know what, Connor, you look at this. Look at what you did. Look at what you were part of. You were part of you you've just you've just built something that that the whole country is going to be talking about. Of course, he's going to be devastated. He wears his heart on his sleeve and and you know what Chris will be devastated be thinking how was that jumped up welterweight managed to give me such a fight. So both boys need to be proud of themselves but you know what this it's sport and a win anything less than a win's not good enough for you bank how important was that win because we spoke about it a lot at the top of the show all week of just how much had he lost how much that would have hurt him probably more so than Connor. Yeah, I think it means it means a lot. You know, like like Johnny said, Connor is someone who's jumping up and waits to to compete and Eubanks wants to get back and and wants to still be in the names for big fights like the Canelos and and stuff of of his weight division. So, he he had to win. Um and it was a it was a bigger loss for him if he'd have lost. Can we just take a moment as well the start of the fight when there were the dads in the ring and the two fighters? How special was that, Johnny? You know what? History three generations. It was nice. I'm trying. I think Chris Cena and Chris Junior were conflicting each other. Chris Junior said, "You know what? I didn't think this would happen." His dad said, "I was always coming." But you know what? Either way, it was just nice to see it happen. You know, any beef, settle it. Certainly, it's done. And dusted. They You had two fathers looking after their sons in there and they enjoyed it like the fans did and they'll go home and they console. I think how how Najio spoke afterwards. He said, "You know what? We'll come again. You learn from defeat. He has changed, man. He has changed. He's shown a humble side to him that he's passing on to his son. Happens with age, Johnny. You want to leave that alone apparently. So anyway, um the question is, do do we want to see it again? Of course we want to see it again. Surely, Adam. Yeah, it's theater and drama with blood. Uh Tasha got it right. Eubank has managed to maintain his value by getting the win and Connor Ben has certainly increased his value immensely as a prize fighter. Um the big big respect to Connor Ben right at the end when he asked what he felt the difference was and he said it's probably in his in inactivity. What he didn't say is because he's much bigger than me and got a lot of respect for him for saying that because he could have done in the early rounds when he was getting caught with the jabs. You could see the weight difference. It was pushing him back sometimes but he dug deep and he dragged the most entertaining fight out of Chris Eubank. It was so so good, wasn't it? And a brilliant night as well. Johnny, um before we go, you've got a busy week coming up. You're heading to the House of Commons, aren't you? Oh, yeah. Uh we're talking to the MPs about um uh government getting behind grassroots boxing. Uh the British Boxing Board of Control. Uh they've been working on something for quite a while. They're talking to the government to to get into clubs, get into schools, get into to throw some money at our sport because grassroots, you see these two boys there, you know, that's how you get young champions coming through. So again, it's just a collective uh push forward. So uh we're going to have a a good whole a good old conversation. Start at the bottom, making our way up here. Here. Really good to see. But wearing the flares. Yeah, I've got to I've got to rock the flares. Please wear the flares. Please wear the flares. Um it has been an absolutely special night, hasn't it, Johnny, Tasha, Adam, thank you for your company. And to you at home for watching as well. It's been brilliant here at Tottenham Hotspur. fight that lived up to its billing, didn't it? It was a Eubank Ben classic. Thanks for watching.