Kind: captions Language: en [cheering] What a fight that was. What a performance then from Caroline Dubois. She is the new unified lightweight champion of the world. Just taking a bow then for the crowd and rightly so. Johnny and Stacy are alongside me. Just how impressed were you with Caroline's performance, Stacy? I mean, from start to finish, but that round six was really the turning point. It absolutely was and it was a very cagey start, wasn't it? And I think maybe she learned from that Bowie Ray Shin fight where she did struggle towards the end when Bowie Ray Shin last year of course at the Royal Albert Hall really turned up the heat. And I think this time perhaps that fight management over the long distance maybe was part of that strategy at the beginning, but then the frustration crept in. But when she caught Terry and put her down, she really got that momentum from there. It gave her the confidence and she moved forward from there. Yeah, Caroline. Johnny. Oh, good to see you, Shane. Popping in there. Said the sigh of was it a sigh of frustration from from Caroline, do you think? &gt;&gt; And it showed she had to uh work on the experiences she'd got. Before, I'm quite sure Shane had to hold her back and steady up. Now, she had to take her time because, as she said, Terry was a was probably a little negative from the OP because she had to try and draw and get the measurement. Caroline was fast, she was strong, she was dangerous. So therefore, Caroline had to show patience to wait for the shot to start closing down. And from the sixth round on, then she started to catch up. The space got smaller. The the shot started to land. &gt;&gt; Fascinating to know what this conversation is between Clarissa Shields and Caroline. I mean, we know Carol Clarissa is a huge fan of Caroline Shane. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; What do you reckon? What do you reckon is being said? &gt;&gt; Probably saying it's all experience. this is the nights that you know you train for and uh you know it's just another win gained and another bit of experience gained and at the world stage you know we have to understand that she's still very very fresh to the professional game and she's already a unified champion so extremely proud &gt;&gt; I think we forget that don't we because we've seen Caroline really grow in confidence as well outside the ring and you forget like you say still how young she is and what she's achievement what she can achieve in terms of talent where does she rank for you. Oh, she's phenomenal amounts of talent. It's just, you know, the the thing is is you you you can't buy that experience. You have to go in there. She's in against someone that actually genuinely wants to win. Up until now, she's only had three opponents that really came to try and try try and win. So, this is probably her third or fourth real fight. The rest of them was just ticking the box and going for the motions. And you need to you just need to experience that. She's had girls come to her now. And then she's also had had a girl trying to nick round after round who's athletic, quick, negative, but also Exactly. got a lot of boxing IQ. So, she had to press the fight and um you know, a bit bit wild at times, but you know, she caught her with a shot and um I think it was it was a it was a great learning fight. &gt;&gt; Do you think she'll be frustrated that she didn't get the knockout cuz all week I mean it started as knocking out in seven then it got down to four by we got to Friday, but it was still a brilliant performance. Yeah, I think you know if you look at when um Terry's been stopped by four, she got stopped by Sandy as [music] a nutritional fighter that would just walk straight in. That's one way of doing it. But she's a she's a sniper. She's a sharp shooter. And you know, if you look at when Terry Fox Alysia Farm Bombgardner, she was she believed in herself more. She was an unbeaten fighter. So, like it was tonight there was a there was an element of sitting back trying to take the fight late and it's frustrating to try to try and close the gaps and miss a little bit, but she showed that poker face and that poise and uh got the job done. &gt;&gt; Let's not forget how good Terry was. She the experience she had. She had to be patient. She had to be smart. She had to make sure she didn't put herself in the danger zone to try and make Caroline make mistakes because of their naivity. But Caroline's int boxing intelligence and IQ, she she probably outsmart her and and and Terry's had all the experience going. So she was smart enough to not commit, make Caroline miss at times, but slowly but surely, she started to get caught up on toward the back end of the fight. &gt;&gt; What what next do you think for Terry? What happens to Terry next? How does she bounce back, do you think? &gt;&gt; Listen, nobody can make a decision on behalf of a fighter. Um only she will know what's in her heart now and what she wants to do. what she already has done is incredible. So, she can take that with [music] her no matter what's next, but she may feel now that she's done as much as she can. She might not want &gt;&gt; I mean, you put it into context, a three-way world champion, a pro game 10 years. I mean, she's achieved a hell of a lot. [music] &gt;&gt; There's still plenty of fights out there for her. There's no doubt about that because she is a name and on the back of what she's already achieved. She deserves more nights should she choose to do it. But again, it's what's in her heart only she can know what she wants to do from here. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. for Caroline. I mean, sky's is the limit surely. &gt;&gt; Yeah. She wants the big fights. She wants, you know, more belts, but um you know, Nikisa and the boys, you know, they want they wanted to box Katy Taylor. I think Katie's at the end of her career. I'm not sure if she'll want to take that because she's got all of the achievements and the accolades and I feel like she needs that farewell fight. But at the same time, Caroline's a new kid on the block and she's she's here to stay. I believe that she has the frame to be able to go up to 140 147. It's going to be an exciting few years. &gt;&gt; There's other titles at this weight for us with Stephanie. You know, I mean, she might want to go down that route. Ellie Turham as well who's a really big hitter. So, &gt;&gt; you know, you never know. I think Caroline would be happy to take on any comers. &gt;&gt; This Nikita and your phone's going to be busy over the coming weeks and days. Shane, um, in terms of you tonight, I mean, you've had a very busy night having Ellie as well who was absolutely outstanding. We were bigging up that fight saying it potentially could steal the show &gt;&gt; and it very much lived up to experience. &gt;&gt; What an incredible fight. I'm so so so proud of her, you know, she's um a special special person and &gt;&gt; you know come across for her to go out and become undisputed the youngest, you know, from this side of the pond and and to you know to do it in so little fights and she probably won't want me to say it, but she she had she had cramps in her leg from about four rounds in. She was saying my both my pots are cramped and I think you know she definitely does struggle to get down to that weight. It wasn't it wasn't the easiest at all. both, you know, and um she had a she had plenty of people on her side there tonight to go out there and get &gt;&gt; I think she has all of those people on her side because of the human being that she is and I felt really emotional ringside having been with her when she was at that that youth tournament in Hungary, you know, over 10 years ago and I remember saying she's got a great style for the pros. It's a mental if only there was a really good pathway. &gt;&gt; It's a mental strength that is part of a makeup in there. &gt;&gt; It is. But she deserves this kind of talent. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But to have that talent and that humility, Johnny, that's why she's so special. That's why the fans absolutely love it. &gt;&gt; And she's coming back after four rounds and her legs are cramping up, but she still fights with the same determination as well. Stubbornness at that pace, at that pressure and mental strength is second to none. You can't buy that. &gt;&gt; And the game plan is to box a move and she's saying, "My legs are shot." I'm saying, "Listen, you just got to go through it. You got to go through. You got to fight down the gumshield. And it's not going to be pretty." You know, that girl was a worldwinner style. She decent power. Ellie was hitting her with every shot in the book and she kept winging over the top. But it was just everything. You know, you got to when you win the world title and when you become undisputed, you want to become undisputed in a fight like that that everyone can walk away and say, "What an incredible contest. Both girls gave it absolutely everything and then some." And then she won it the right way. &gt;&gt; The whole journey's been the hardest route as well. Not that there's an easy route to a world title, but she's dethroned everybody. It's never been a vacant title. She's had to take the hard route for it as well. &gt;&gt; Just give us a flavor of what the atmosphere and what it's like in the gym. Um I heard Chris B and Smith saying that when Ellie Scotty's around which she sort of lights up the room. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And success breeds success. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And that is the real sort of feeling in your gym at the moment. &gt;&gt; She's like a younger sibling and I was the youngest and yeah like I lost my sister and um she just feels like that person, you know? She's just like she grasps everything I say and you know she takes it by her stride and she's she she feels like part of the family. &gt;&gt; I want to give you a hug, Shane. &gt;&gt; No, no, honestly, but I just I I love her so much. She's a wonderful person and honestly I'm so happy for her. Shane cannot be more happy. &gt;&gt; Shane is part of a a strength that she's still hungry after everything shuted. Even after tonight, I'm quite sure she'll want to get in the gym again to say now what next? &gt;&gt; She'll be she'll be ringing me on Tuesday. I'll be saying you now that it's Monday. Monday's her day off. This will be the equivalent of a Sunday. She'll be ringing me on Tuesday saying you're out the gym for at least two weeks. &gt;&gt; At least. &gt;&gt; At least two weeks. &gt;&gt; At least. And she'll be back on two weeks in one day. No doubt. &gt;&gt; 100%. &gt;&gt; She might have a car though, which will help with those cramps. Shane, &gt;&gt; her brother Michael, I think he's bagied it. So, uh, we'll see.