Kind: captions Language: en Chris Eubank Jr. has been released from hospital after his brutal 12 round points victory over arch rival Connor Ben. It was a fight that was three years in the making but ended up exceeding all expectations. Will they do it all again is the big question. Uh let's go live to speak to Johnny Nelson who was of course there watching on. Johnny, good to see you. And how good was it to see both the boxes released safe and sound from hospital? Uh without a doubt. I think uh that's the first thing you wish for in any fight with any fighter when anybody gets in the ring. But after such a brutal fight as they had, especially with the run up to it with Chris pointing his elves down to make the weight, it makes you worry that it made I'm sure it made others worry uh a lot more uh because you you thought why why is he going to stay in hospital for so long? But I'm glad he's out. Um, but you know, I bet I bet Connor Ben has found some new found respect from Chris Junior because he's thinking, "How's this little welterweight done this to me hospital?" So, um, yeah, there's a there's a lot to the story. Yeah, I mean, it was amazing, wasn't it? Did it exceed your expectations of the fight? And like you say, Connor Ben just came out like a little pocket rocket, didn't he? Yeah, he did. Well, you and I you and I will be old enough to remember their father's getting in the mix. So, you never thought it'd live up to that uh that kind of furosity. And that's exactly what it was. These boys to the last drop, last everything. It was such a It was such a an honest uh true representation of our sport, but these guys left everything, every last drop. And look at the faces. These guys were absolut They needed it. They need it massively. And and you like both fighters for one reason or another, but you see Chris there on his knees. Chris is a a a career middleweight stroke super middleweight, but you knew how much that melted him, his dad there. Um, and you just it was just it was so emotional. Uh, I can remember seeing his own mind come out um um with with Chris when uh when he started playing simply lump came in my throat. I'm like, let's get it together, son. uh the amount of people I saw that were there grown men you know how because men you'll think about their relationship with their kids their fathers and and and them being fathers and and they said look I had my hair on end you know I was I was choking the tears because you know the argument you know you know you know what it evoked with a lot of um people then and they are whatever's gone on publicly um with these two is the tip of the iceberg to what's gone on privately. So that alone I think was probably probably the last bit of seasoning uh Chris Junior needed to to to stick it out so tight to the very end of the fight. Look, you you talk about that seasoning. You actually had a lot to do with it. You in your newspaper piece this morning, you revealed that that you actually spoke to him, didn't you? Eubank senior and kind of made sure that he was going to attend that fight. It was some moment. just just tell us what you said to him and what happened. Well, I well he said he was always coming so he fooled me in our conversation in the daytime. Um, it was it was father to father. And the reason why I me I messaged him the day before when I saw Chris uh struggling getting balling down to get to the weight and then as a father you panic, you worry, you think, my god, what if the worst case scenario happened? And I'd been speaking to Chris over the last two or three months and he said, "I'm not going. This fight is not happening. I refuse to go." And he went for every reason why he wasn't going to this fight. And he he quoted scripture of the Bible to me. Thank you. He quotes scripture of the Bible to me and everything. And in doing so, don't please. In doing so, it was it was to me I just said, "Okay, if you're going to quote scriptures of the Bible to me, if you're going to quote scriptures of the Bible to me, just remember this. Jesus said, uh, forgive them, Lord, for what?" They don't know what they'll do. So, whatever's gone on, you've got to be able to forgive your son. You know, doesn't mean you might not like what he's doing, but you've got to you love your son. Do not regret this. And our conversation must have gone on for about an hour and a half on the phone back and forth. I'd got to the venue. I'd got to Tottenham by then. I said, "Chris, look, I've got to go. People are around." But regardless if that had anything to do with it or not, regardless, as a father, not as a promoter, not as a manager, not as anything else, as a father, it was important that he was there because, God forbid the worst case scenario happened, he would never ever forgive himself. And that's where that's that's what I was trying to get across to him. Hopefully, it hit the marker. Hopefully, he was hustling us all and he was always coming. But to me, it was a conversation that uh a father to a father had to had to understand. And if that wasn't going to prick his conscience, nothing would. I mean, you talk about that father to father and I think it's, you know, it's really important that that people understand what sort of obviously the family had gone through. You know, families are incredibly complex. I know you yourself have talked about your family and the complexities with it. I know you talked to him for about an hour and a half as well. Just just what was it do you think that that made him change his mind then? Um I think just remembering who he was, remembering his relationship with his son, not Chris Junior, no not not not anything else with his son. There's a clip flying around when he's sat there with Lennon's loose and his son in a room and he saw a father talking to his son. His son's begging him, "Dad, let me get through." His son's growing up. His son is his father. And Chris, I hope, recognize that, even though he might not agree with a lot of things of how Chris is conducting his his his career. He's got to let this young man make his own path. And that clip that Lennox Lewis posted out was so ironic and so iconic that if if Chris remembers things like that, I think, you know what? I've got to let I've got to let him be. Let him make his own mistakes. I've just got to be there as a father. Our conversation was this Chris. You know what? In 1015 years time, this blip right now will mean nothing and you will regret it for the rest of your life because we spoke about situations where we've both been in from the past. And I just said, "It's not worth it. You you've got to think you've got to think outside the box. Think like a father." And I just think he remembered he was his father. anything. Everything else I because I actually said, "Look, sneak in the back. Give your boy a hug. Let him know you love him." He kic didn't sneak in the back. He kicked the front doors down to say, "Yeah, I'm here. I'm with him here." Most It was like a scene from a Rocky movie. And where where Chris and his son got out of the car and and and Connor and his dad were looking up at the screen thinking, "Oh, no. It's the last thing we need." And it was just like the the arena went mad and the the the cheers from the crowd. Honestly, it was such a great a great theoretical experience. But let me tell box people that aren't really into boxing. Every ounce of this was real. It wasn't theater. It wasn't set up. It wasn't planned. Every answer of this was real, real emotion. And this is kind the kind kind of stuff that makes our sport so special, so inspiring because you saw real life playing out in real time. Uh and and right there to me it said it all. And it was just something very very special. And and I'm fortunate enough we are fortunate enough to to remember the dramas of many many fights. And it this wasn't just about what happened in the ring. That was the icing on the cake. This was about what happened before, during, and after. And so to me, it meant so much. Yeah. Yeah, I mean it was the the moment you saw him in the car and come out of the car. I have to say I literally went I think everyone would have done that across the nation that that knows the story and the history as well. You mentioned that that video with Lennox Lewis. We're going to just watch it now because for those that haven't seen it, it is that fascinating insight to that father son relationship. Let's just have a watch of it. Let me ask you. I mean, I often tell Christopher that um boxing is a business that um you never see middle class or upper class youngsters become champion because you need hunger. You need to be hungry. Um and the fact that you've kind of been brought up within these four walls here and you've been protected, I don't think you're going to be hard enough. I just want to try it. I just want to see what it's about. I mean, if he can, if my can do it, why can't I do it? I don't want to fight. Everyone gets hurt. Everyone gets defigged. Everybody gets used. What you're saying is irrelevant at this time. When I have kids for my son or daughter to be in a car crash. So what do I do? I say I'm not buying your car and you can't drive. Is that the right thing to do? Okay. Go. That's it. It's a really Okay. I will I will um I'll let you try. All you've got to do is tell me the word. If you tell me, I'll help you. Okay, Dad. I probably said yes. Stop saying you say no. I want to die. You just put it this way. I want one to watch. You'll be one to watch, but I so hope it's not in boxing. Well, it was in boxing. I It's just magical, isn't it? I I love the whole thing. Um, you know, it just takes us back to the whole, you know, father-son relationship. And Lennox Lewis said, "Who would have thought that conversation would lead to a night like last night? Congrats, Chris Mutebank Jr. on proving your old man wrong." It is so powerful, isn't it, to see that footage again. These are the things that Chris probably forgot. And and it's something like that, the that conversation, right? They're a real conversation to say, you know what? And because Chris is measuring his son by himself and I get it. He's just as a father, you've got to learn to let go. And it's not my girls ride horses and I'm scared every time they get on it because they're thinking they're going to fall off. It's one of those things. But you know what? Chris is actually a very deep deep guy and and he knows when people mocking him. He knows when people they laugh at his list. They know he knows when people look at him differently. He said, "Look, I'm an honorable guy. You know, things have to be right and I'll stand I'll stand by that and if I'm stood on my own, I will stand on my own." And so he looked at this situation that he thought was unfair. that was he thought was dangerous and he fought tooth for nail to say no this is wrong but then the human aspect kicked in and when that human aspect kicked in that's a human instinct no matter what he's still a father I completely agree with everything he said in regards to the run-up to the fight but then afterwards he learned a lesson because he was stood there like a proud father in the ring watching how both and Chris boxed and you saw him and Nigel with their chest up high the head held high and say they're our boys that they represent us and even Connor I remember I remember when Nigel Ben boxed Michael Watson I was on the undercard when when Nigel Ben lost to Michael Watson I think it was fifth or sixth round and Nigel every thought that was his career over Nigel went away went to America came back a world champion you look at Nigel's face when after Connor lost he was upset for him but he smiled because he knew this was the beginning of the next chapter of his life so don't write Connor off because if I'm honest with you I think if they fight again I think Connor wins So, so, so do not write Connor off. It was an amazing fight, an amazing spectacle, an amazing story, an amazing lesson to be told to to parents with their children, to fathers, with their sons, and and to me, I just thought it ticked every single box. And I don't think we'll be able to experience something like that ever again. But then I said that 35 years ago. Look, the the other moment for me actually um was the was the Connor and Nigel moment. that hold that embrace that went on forever. That actually was just beautiful to watch of of those two embracing, you know, a that one. I just I think that just a little boy big. He was a little boy. He turned it back into that little boy and these these two were oblivious of 67,000 people there. He turned back into that little boy saying, "Dad, give us a talking about." And and and Nigel and and Connor, they both wear their hearts on their sleeve. And and that's why that's why the fans they like him. They can relate to them because Connor's Roy is real. That's it. I I said I said earlier you had two little million two boys born into wealth that fought like they were born into pover poverty. That's a that's very special. Not many people can do that because these guys fought like it was a they needed it. Their life depended on it. That shows something that's that's you know they're born with it. It's in their blood and and and the passion they show they showed through the fight and that picture afterwards. You know, I'm quite sure Chris and Chris Junior did that as well. Nigel and and his son did that as well. And it was just it was just lovely how things played out. Yeah, it was it was it felt raw, didn't it? I think that was the thing. Um I I guess my question is, do we need to see it again? Should we see it again? I mean, no doubt it would be a great fight and you're you're already tipping Connor to win it if they do go go toe-to-toe again, but should we see it again? We'll see it again. There's far too much pride. You are dealing with two different beasts here. There's far too much pride at stake. Those boys didn't hog and shake hands and say nicities about each other. Uh there's still that fire burning. I I hear they're talking injuryfree. They're talking September again at Tottenham. So, I gather. Uh but will we see it again? Yes. Will it be as big again, even bigger? Uh, will the fight be the same once Britain twice twice shy? So, they know what to expect with the other. I think the result will be different, but I do believe we'll see it again. Okay, look, before you go, I've got to talk to you about um Alexander Usyk and Daniel Dubo. Of course, they met today uh and Dubois gave him a little bit of a shove, so they they've spiced this up nicely. Um it's the second time, of course, these two are going to meet. Um do you give Dubois a better chance this time around? No, not really. Their's going in there a lot more confident. The bar's going in there with a lot more self-belief. Dis going in there now believing of what he's capable of doing. But you've got to remember everybody that Usyk has boxed twice, he's beaten easier the second time round. AJ Fury, he's beaten easy. Even though the fight might have been harder, he's been easy. And once he's downloaded that blueprint, I actually think Usyk and I going to come across wrong. I think Usyk could probably stop Daniel. Um, and and because Usyk now's got him down to a tea. He understands him. And even though I think that the the shot that Daniel puts us down with was legit, I think now knows what to expect with Daniel. He knows how to deal with him. He knows what level to step. He's a very he's got a very good boxing IQ and he showed he's smarter than a lot smarter than all the fighters that he's been up against. It's to because it's not just about size. It's not just about power. It's about it's about smarts and Ollie Zanusk keeps proving that over and over and over again the way he did to Tyson Fury. Look what he did to to Anthony Joshua you know totally outbox them out fox out moved out them. So I expect him to do that and even better against Daniel. Always always lovely to talk to you and well done again for playing your part in getting Chris Eubank Jr. That was epic. Thank you. All right. See you later. Thank you. Bye.