Kind: captions Language: en We also had Savannah Marshall make her return to boxing after two years uh after competing in MMA. She lost her split decision to Shadesia Green. Uh Savannah joins us now on Zoom. Uh Savannah, great to have you with us. Um obviously it didn't go your way. It must have been a a frustrating time for you. How do you reflect on it all? &gt;&gt; Yeah, look, I'm as good as can be. just done a brilliant nice upbeat interview there with Ellie and then you've come to me Ms. But um la look it's it's one of them things I think you've only got to go online to see you know to justify it so it's it's a bit of sweet bit of a bit of sweet one for me. &gt;&gt; Can we get into the cards uh a little bit? So you got 9693 on one of the scorecards but the other two judges had Shadesha Green winning 95 94 96 93. Is that a bit of a bitter pill to swallow because um whilst the rounds were close obviously uh those scorecards perhaps haven't reflected your good work. 100% especially this is what I brought up at the end of the fight especially the last one. So that means one judge gave me two rounds out the full 10. And this was this was a point in the the fighters meeting um the day before and that there was three America judges and it was it was Mckeny my manager brought it up and it was told look don't worry there'll be no controversy and then straight away it's it's what you've give me two rounds out the full 10. I think if you're going to stuff me do you know what at least be a bit more discreet about it than she had a point off. &gt;&gt; What can happen now though? I mean, presumably you can put in a protest of sorts and I was with Mick Hennessy yesterday in and Franchesca and I asked Mick if there was a rematch clause there and there isn't. Um, Shadesha Green obviously is targeting your old foe in Clarissa Shields now. But have you got a case there to say come and rematch me first? &gt;&gt; Look, there isn't a rematch clause so it's it's up to where what you know what route she wants to go down. Um, I do think there's an argument whether she wants it or not. That's completely on her. Um, just the way it is. How frustrating. This is the beauty of of Zoom and live TV. Uh I I I think she may have gone. Uh but we got the gist of her argument there. That was on the undercard. I want to bring you back, both of you. That was on the undercard to Katie Taylor's trilogy fight with uh Amanda Serrano. Um does that now cement Katy Taylor's legacy? Who wants to go first? Uh &gt;&gt; oh, you go first. &gt;&gt; You you were both there. I mean, you got a chance to watch her up close and and personal. She is that good. Um, &gt;&gt; deserved of that that title now, I think, of if not the greatest, but one of the greatest uh female fighters of all time and Friday. &gt;&gt; I think that was cemented beforehand. But again, I think she'd never looked better than Friday night for we always saying how many times can she go to the world, but it looked like she didn't really need to this time around. And it's one of the wins which she's won probably the most clearest we've seen in recent years. So, you know, Katie, and I feel like she's going to keep going. &gt;&gt; The beauty of TV is we think we've got Savannah back. Uh, Savannah, I hope you weren't trying to hang up on me for asking the question. I think you're trying to hang up on somebody else. But before we let you go, I just want to um, you know, get your your final thoughts on on the weekend. You had that period out and I know you did mix martial arts, but what can you do now? Will you go will you go back to MMA? Will you continue to campaign in boxing? What does the the immediate future hold for you? &gt;&gt; I'm not too sure. It's a case of me sitting down with Mick and Peter and seeing what happens. Look, it's a case of in boxing, where do I really go? If she doesn't give me the rematch, if Chris doesn't give me the rematch, there's there's there's not that many girls up at that high weight. So, it's a bit where do I go? I don't really want to drop down and do a eight rounder against a journey woman. I'm not I'm don't want to do that. So, I think yeah, big chats to be held with Nick and Peter. I mean, that's worrying to hear. Could that be the last time that we've seen you in a ring, or is it all just raw emotion talking at the moment? &gt;&gt; I hope not. I'm hoping I'm hoping I get that rematch in um on neutral ground, let's say. &gt;&gt; Okay. Well, thank you so much for calling back uh and whoever it was that you hung up on. Hopefully, it wasn't uh Mick trying to tell you got the rematch. That would have been awkward. &gt;&gt; No. Thanks for having me.