Kind: captions Language: en It's been a fight, Joe, that I have to say it's been so long in the making. What, nearly a thousand days, I think, between when the fight was first supposed to happen and now. You spent so much time with Connor Ben. How do you think he will be dealing with the weight of expectation in the occasion? Because he hasn't boxed on a bill, a fight, top the bill size of this magnitude yet in his career, of course, but at the same time, he's is his father's son. That's enough pressure as it is. So yeah, it's been a thousand days and everything leading up to it and uh what happened in the pre when it was set up previously a lot have happened. So yeah, it's going to be a lot of pressure on him, but I think he'll deal with it. I think he'll deal with it comfortably. Now before we get into a technical breakdown, I just want to ask you, this is no sort of agism, but you were old enough to live through that first rivalry. So Joe and I can only watch videos and imagine how big it was. Brit British boxing's biggest rivalry you would say when it comes to the fathers and the sons. Eubank Ben is untouchable really. No, there's no none that comes close to it simply because what you just said there, fathers and the sons. The fathers gave us two great fights and they gave us individual fights of great notoriety in their own in their own right. And then they came together on on those special nights. The first one being just being magical because it was the the birth of Chris Eubank. It was the birth of him. Him him beating that Nigel Ben who was ferocious who you know um on on Terrestrial TV. On terrestrial TV. They signed the contracts on terrestrial TV. Nigel you know clearly I do actually hate the man. That was the line was it from Nigel and and and now history has repeated itself. These two absolutely love each other. This is the first time you can say you know Chris normally says I have no emotions. He's emotional about this. He's already established that. He said he cannot for you to just say I can't lose this fight. If I lose his fight, I retire. That tells you that he's it's a very emotional fight. What's riding on it? Let's get into a big fight breakdown. So Joe, if you can take a step forward. Both of you can meet in the middle here. Joe, you're gonna be Connor Ben. Gary, you're going to be Chris Eubank Jr. Can I ask you to go first, Gary? So, what is the first key to victory for Chris Eubank Jr.? We're going to get you to shape up as as fighters. So, show show us Gary best you can. Well, it's got it's got to be as the bigger man. There's two ways of looking at it. Yeah. He could be as the bigger man. He can even just say right what he's been doing these the his last few fights keeping the opponents like Liam Smith long keeping them long keeping them long and then Connor's got to find the answer to that jab. Also what he he may well do he may well just say right I'm the bigger man. I might just say right I'm going to force you back because we know Connor has to come forward. Yeah. If I suddenly say right I'm not going to stop you just like what Floyd Mayweather did to Ricky Hatton. He started walking Ricky Hatton down and it totally it's not used to it. So that may well happen. So Joe, what would Connor Ben's first key to victory be? For me, I come out and establish the jab, hit him with a solid jab, and let him know that I have I've got power. Even though I'm a a smaller guy, I got power. So that's interesting cuz I think we have spoke about variations of a jab. So someone like me, if you throw a jab, that's show me the textbook. That's the textbook quad jab. But then also, you got to vary. And then I think after that is whether it's a throwaway jab just and then edge closer and get yourself closer because the the height difference is quite substantial. So I think he needs to get into range let his hands go but with that it needs to be faints throw away jabs. So can if you're getting your box there Gary so can you just show me the feet? You know someone like me they won't necessarily see the importance of the feet. So as as as as me Connor obviously Eubank I need to come in edge forward but throw away jabs and they're just edging but everything that you're doing is is gaining a reaction of course from the because of the magnitude of the fight it's such a big fight from the first round no one's going to want to make a mistake. So from from um Connor just fainting or throwing away jab, hitting him with a solid jab, then you're going to see the reactions and probably nine times out of 10 that's going to be the whole reaction for the whole fight. So I think straight away hit him with a solid jab, then throwaway jabs. Mix up your jabs downstairs. Just show us that jab one more time. Ping. That's the solid one. Jab downstairs, shout jab across, throwaway jab. But every after everything, he needs to step closer. get edged in, close that distance. Yeah. Close the distance and when he's there, you got to work away because all Eubank's going to want to do is keep it long and walk him onto the shots. Okay. So, key to victory number two for Junior would be what? If he's going to keep it long, he's going to keep it long with those really good clusters that he throws. You know, the clusters where he comes around to the bullet, particularly the uppercut. Particularly the uppercut and the shots around the side. What people tend to do as we noticed with Eubank once he starts once he starts cluster punching punching in those clusters they very do very very often try to either tuck up or do what Connor's going to do punch off the shots. So boom. So Connor's going to try and do that. Yeah. So we've we straight into your next key to victory which what would we call the the catch and counter catch and counter but for me that's always um high risk high reward course you know in a fight like this that's probably stupid. Yeah, but that's what you're going to need in So, show show us that again because people we see someone like Callum Smith probably the best catch counter fighter in Britain. Catch left hook is probably one of the best in the world. Just define catch counter. So, you're you're catching I've thrown this right hand. I've thrown this right hand and Joe is catching it. He's catching it off that counter and then meeting just meeting him with the shot and then c then countering straight away. But I think with the the machine gun tactic with what Eubank's going to going to bring um I think as well Connor needs to meet him with it and catch him in between the shots. And I think with him fainting and drawing him back and backing him up against the rope and cutting him off, I think that's going to draw the machine gun tactic out of you. We haven't really spoke about it, but natural size. I mean, everyone's talking about weight. You know, if you're the naturally bigger man, how do you impose your natural size on Joe Cordina there, who's Connor Ben? Yeah. You know, I could be the bigger man by moving back and as soon as Connor gets into range, that's it. Claiming old, I'm leaning on him and I'm roughing him up. Okay. Or I might just punch at him and then drop in like what we saw him do in Liam Smith. Punch at him, cluster punch at him again. And then soon as Liam Smith's going to start something, I'm the one that's holding. I'm the one that's controlling. If he does end up forcing Connor back, just walking him down with a hard jab, he might be the one that turns around and starts using the hard jab. If the jab is if the jab becomes successful, then it's a really short night or a long night, a long torturous night for Connor. What are the indicators for the viewers at home, you know, of someone's tail might be up that they're winning. If you're Connor Ben, I always find that Connor Ben is is someone that thrives off confidence. He carries himself, you know, he can be quite ferocious early. What is a sign that he he's dialed in and Tony Simmons has got him doing what he wants? You you'll see throughout the week. Throughout this week, you'll see it's not necessarily fight. It's triggered throughout the week. Throughout the week, you'll see when when he's dialed in. I believe he's dialed in from just seeing his stories and keep me just keeping a track on what he's doing. Um yeah, he's dialed in. You you've sparred him. Yeah. What was one of the shots that you always used to look out for? I often think of him throwing that overhand right against Vargas when he was pretty ferocious. But yeah, having spared him and we know quite obviously that the spars with him often got out out of hand. Yeah. So some but but it wasn't it wasn't spars as in spars then it'd be the technical sparring would al would just get out of hand. So I don't mind it if it's normal sparring but yeah um it'd be the technical that he got out of hand. But yeah, he's got great hooks. His his b arm shots are he keeps everything like quite tight, small. It's a bend thing. Yeah. Compact. It's his he's his father son. Yeah. Yeah. What about you, Bank that he's that he's ticking on fight night? I mean the jab obviously, but he he also carries himself in a certain way, I think. Yeah. Yeah. You know, you know, it's, you know, it's an effective jab. It's not a worldass jab. You know, you look at people like George Groves and I think that that's an effective worldass jab. George had it from the minute he walked into the gym with us. You know, Chris is it's it's a jab that's been cured. Um, he still tends to drop that left hand a little bit sometimes when he's pulling it back. You know, he can be a bit he can be a little bit too singular with the jab rather than doubling it up, which is what I think he'll need to do with Connor. That's what Connor have got. And that's what and that's Connor's got a solid jab. What I do like about, you know, looking at Connor as well, his defense is a bit leaky, but he still tries to punch off of his defense, doesn't he? Like in the last fight with Dobson, he was turning the shots and then turning the hook with it. He was riding, he was trying to ride at best, ride a shot and counter with it. So it shows you that, you know, he's um Tony Sims has imbued a lot of boxing knowledge into him. But I mean, but the problem is for him, he's fighting the biggest by far the best opponent that he's boxed to date. Okay, look, it's crunch time now. Not going to get you on Joe and let you go without giving a prediction. So what do you think at this stage? It's only Tuesday. I say that it's only Tuesday. There's a lot that can happen that might change your mind. But as you stand here now, who wins and why? Ben within six. I think he's going to come he's going to come out and put it all over him with the smart with the smart pressure. I think he's going to he's going to come in and get him out of there. Ben in the first half of the fight says Joe Cordino. What about you, Gary? I'm going I'm going to go um Chris after six. I'm going to go Chris after six. I think he's going to nullify what Ben does well, what Ben has to do well, and he's going to get through those early rough rounds. And um Ben um and then he'll stop Ben around six between six or eight.