Kind: captions Language: en Exactly, like I could let's have a go. This is the room we give to the you know, this is when you're topping the bill and the gloves are off. First time I've actually seen her in person. Obviously, I'm excited to talk Cheers. See you on the other side. Yeah. Good old Yorkshire. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; I'm not going in there with any intention to intimidate. I think if she's intimidated by my words then that's just a lack on her character. And if anything upsets her or fans or makes her feel [music] triggered then that's on her. Do you want to walk away or do you want to get lit? Let's go. I'll walk away. Get her steps in. Are you offering your hand? Are you [music] willing to shake hands or is that all for after the [clears throat] fight? I'm always intrigued. [laughter] Listen, we're going to have some fun today. Oh, it's very dark in here. It's basically like getting the fans just feel it. Just think I'm going to going to get into that just for you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Let's go right out. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; What do I do? Just go sit down? No, no, no. We're going to get some breakfast first. Don't worry. I think Caroline has just got a mean streak in her. I don't think it's a personal thing but she's a a hungry mean fighter. She's like that with anybody that's in her in her way. Unfortunately, Terri's in her way. Now, Terri she looks in great shape. She's I know what she's about. I'm not going to get drawn into that. That's not who I am. Stand by quiet on the floor, please. So, you've been calling each other out for a while. Who started it? I think it was me. I think it was me. Was it? Of course. I think it was me. Why is everyone with that? There's a certain level of respect that you do show. See, that's the that's the thing with people I think like Terri Harper. This is all she This is all she wants. You know, she wants me to walk pat her on the back and say how great she is and how proud I am to step into That's all you want. Wait, but when you when you come up against someone who's who's there saying I'm going to take your head off then then you don't want to be here. You don't want to be You want a pat on the back. You want you know, me to say how great you are and how how much of a privilege it is &gt;&gt; Oh, no, no. I love I love this. With a girl who wants I feel like what she's saying is what she wants. This This is This is very organic. This is who I am. This is who I am. This is who I am. It's giving me an echo a little bit. There's the door. Go on. Get something to eat. Get get to your session. &gt;&gt; Okay. Go on. Well, you need to train. Go on. I was training I was training this morning. I trained this morning. Yeah, me too. I trained this morning. Yeah, me too. Yep. Are you only doing one session today? I already trained today. I only I only do one session. That's all I need. I said that's all I need. That's all I need. I'll try you fading second round. &gt;&gt; need. That's all I need. I think I will need to to even get to the second round. I don't think I we get there. I don't think we get there. If you don't get me out in that first half of fight, &gt;&gt; then what's going to happen? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Then what's going to happen? You're going to get dropped. What's going to happen? What's going to happen if I don't get you out? What's going to happen? You're going to lose. What's going to happen? You're going to lose. Well, there you go. Grow up, Caroline. Why are you smiling? Ladies, Well done. This is good fun. I'm enjoying this. I genuinely enjoying this. Security, I'm not getting involved in this because I'm too old. I've lost brain cells with that. Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; a pleasure. Thank you very much. There was a few awkward silences at the end and I thought have we stopped here? You can always tell with these if they're for real or not. I think regardless of how this what happens, I think Easter Sunday [music] you're going to be in for something very special.