Kind: captions Language: en Boxing can be a very strange sport. Sometimes when you think you've seen it all, I've never seen that before. What an extraordinary incident. White has lost the trophy. They have taken the scissors to Malin's hair. You just never know what's going to happen next. And sometimes a fight can leave us with more questions than answers. That is not what you want. Over the top rope. This bout is a technical decision split draw. Ben Whitaker Lean Cameron, welcome to the gloves are off. I'm the head honcho. Everybody wants to take me off the top. The best thing is it went 100 m an hour yet for me. Well, it's a pleasure being here with you both today, boys. Um, no food. Ben, sorry. No food. No food. Oh, yeah. I left the chicken pasta at home this time. I thought you were going to bring me some. I brought you somewhere else later. We'll see. So, this rematch had to happen. Yeah. Didn't it? I wanted it. But did it have to happen? Public want to see it, don't they? Deep down. At what point did you decide we're doing this again? When you was actually there or after? Pretty much as soon as it happened. You know, you want to get it back. You want to run it back and uh win decisively. And um that's what it's about for me. I'm excited to not prove people wrong, but just shut some people up and have a little laugh at the end. You said he turned up his best. Yeah. And I turned up my worst. And I still stand on that. And I got nothing against him at the end of the day. What he's done for his career, what he's had to fight, and what he's had to battle. Fair play to him. You know, he's gone through a lot, but he definitely turned up his best. I turned up my worst. Why Why did you turn up your worst? There's a lot of things to it really. There's there's a lot going on in the background. Um, but I'm I'm in a great place now. My mind's nice and clear. I'm very happy where I'm at and uh my team's great. Was that your best? Do you know what it is? Let him have that because No, I'm asking you. Was that your best? I broke my nose. Listen, I broke my nose four week before fire. It was splattered and I thought the money carrots dangled. I thought there's no way I'm pulling out. That nose don't mean no to me. I've got to cement my kids his future. Injuries won't matter. So, do you think he's Ben's making up excuses? What it is with Ben, he's trying to get his mind right in. He's come different and I like this Ben come different. It were very last time we were like I were nothing piece of meat but like I'm another human being what's coming to win. I'm no journey man. I've got a lot on line. There's pressure on me with this fight cuz I've got thousands of people wanting me to win. One thing I've got is respect. I I respect every fighter. It weren't it weren't like that the first time. It were dismissal. It was arrogance. even everything about your clothes with everything and now it's a completely different guy. I'm still that guy. Don't worry. Don't worry. I'll turn like one nil. Of course, I'll respect every fighter. What do you want me to do? Go over there and give you a kiss before the fight. Come on now. We were both fighting, man. Let's look back at the fight. Talk me through the fight. It was like two kids in Weather Spoons drunk. Uh it was just swinging wild. It was messy. Was all over the place. And you saw the end result. That's what I do to that's what I actually that's my game plan. So So really you got him to fight your fight. I must look rubbish me on telly or something cuz when they all spar me or fight me they're all knackered. They're all knackered. Were you tired? I was exhausted. I'm I'm asking you but were you tired? I was knackered. I I had a thought process. I thought it's in Saudi. It's on it's on a big card. Uh you wanna you want to stand out and you went in there. You pro you no you not probably. I think you you underestimated him. I thought I'm going to blast him out of him and put on the show. Am I wrong? Am I right? Neither really. Um the main day is April the 20th. I'll turn up then and we'll show. Johnny, do you know before when I said everything I was going to do? Ben said he trained hard. He strength and conditioning. He's had the best training camp. Trains three times a day. Bet he's he's telling you a different story. I was I was just chilling playing PlayStation. I've got out of bed a couple times. I told you truth what were going to happen. So So do we believe you now or you don't need to believe me or disbelieve me? No. I'm asking you because I'm trying to put some meat on the bones because you've got a lot of flat. You've got a lot of stick from a fight that you did lose. Mhm. All answers will be told April the 20th, October 12th. Did he hurt you? Not at all. No. That's one. Not really. That's one one thing I said. He He had no punching power at all. I'm a Christian man. I don't lie. That was That's honest to God. You do not punch at all. Do you think you hurt him then? Yeah. Definitely did. You know I did. Okay. Well, I'm excited. You know what the best thing is? It went 100 m an hour yet for me. You mean you not stepped up a gear? No, I didn't step up. And that's the frustrating thing. You never know in boxing. One minute I'm on I'm throwing a big right hand. He's gone back flipped his son over ropes and I'm like one minute in ring one minute art. We're mad. Did you hear what he said then? He said you flip yourself over the ropes. Houdini. Man, I can do magic tricks. You know what I mean? What happened? What happened? What actually happened? People saw what the source. Some people believe that happened. Some people didn't. But all I know is he ended up on top of me and I got injured. So it's no one's fault. Do you know what I can remember is I was thinking I'm going to stop him. I could see him proper faded and I thought I never I'm never confident. I always be lower than where it is. I built him up to be a monster. I'm like I can remember thinking it fine. I'm going to stop him. Then I hit him with some body shots. took wind out of him and he actually olded me and because he were tired. He did he did before he went back put his head back. I see you're smiling, man. You're smiling at his description. You're smiling at his I like it. His his translation of what happened. He's very calculated about it's very nice. But at the end of the day, it's a good job I've been doing gymnastics this time, so if it does happen, I can land on my feet. Do you think I'm being calculated? Maybe. So, you broke it down to a te. Oh, I flipped my head at 0.2 seconds and I landed here at 4.4 seconds. And we still need more answers. Ben, what was the injury? I've already said I've got the doctor's notes on what tell us tell us what I need to tell you cuz it's been done. What happened is Ben Shalom said it was his neck and his spine. He said it was his ankle. They should have both sat down in a room and gone, "Listen lads, what we're gonna say is it's me neck and we'll stick to that story." But they got the stories crossed everything. Each time I will give you the question, you can answer it how you want, but then you're going to answer it to either infuriate the public because they've made up their mind or you can say, you know, this is what happened. If you don't believe it's up to you. What was the injury? Everything. spine all like Mike Tyson said. I came out the ring with a whole body caster. I broke my knee, fractured my shin, little chip out my my neck as well. I might be wrong, but the the the the flack the stick, the backlash you got bothered you. Killed him. It bothered you. No, no, it bothered you to the point where you're thinking, you know what? I'm going to answer I'm only one. I'm not telling you anything. This is my truth. This I'm going to answer it. I'm going to leave you ignorant. No, Johnny. Come on now. Be be a bit damp middle. I say no. I'm I'm Listen, I'm talking like I've seen the picture. If the stick hits you though, you're not cut out for it. Luckily enough, I was cut out for it. People talk about me because I am that guy. People say a lot of things about me cuz I am that guy and I'm supposed to be that guy. So, they're talking for a reason. So, at the end of the day, they can talk, yeah, this that, this, that. Like I said, when I win April the 20th and you bring that mic to me, I'm going to pass it back over to him and say he had a lot to say before the fight, let him talk again. It's never an easy question to ask. Do you think he quit? Yeah, man. Do you know what? Do you know when like you're so tired I'm quitting. You're so tired you just want out of there. You want out of that ring and that's what he wanted out. He wanted out quering quaker. I think I know the answer. I'm asking you anyway. Did you quit? Yeah. You want to leave or relax? He was a killer, man. I I had to just leap out there for my own good. That leap frog. And there's no So there was no way you could carry on. Sadly, this is where you've got him, Johnny, because he can't he ain't got answers, unfortunately. Look, I'm not saying it to be bad. I don't want to cause no friction, but I've got to be honest. He's got no answers. This This is what you leave him. The conclusion for people to make. Do you know me? If I were going to be a better fighter, me personally, I go, "Look, I went knackered. I didn't train hard enough. I underestimated him. But this time, it's going to be better. You can't even get that out of him." He could change everything by just admitting his faults because to be a better fighter, you've got to admit your faults. What were your faults in the fight? He knows them all. I'm asking you. You He didn't know. He knows them all. Will you tell me what your thoughts were? What? You said you performed at your your worst. What was What was it? You didn't move. You didn't jab. You didn't listen. You didn't. What was it? Let the man the technician break it down. He's broke everything else down. That Freddy Roach a minute. I know he's going to get cold to the ear as well. So in those five rounds, what did you learn about Ben? He's fast, tires quick. He should really He's in between weights or a cruiserweight and a light of a I think struggles a bit. I think big. Oh, no. Like you are you He is quite big footweight to be fair. It's odd. It's It's odd in there. He He's never been in a 12 round fight. I have. I've had four. Ben, is it round six on April the 20th or are we starting a fresh round six, round one, round two, round three, whatever round it will be, I'll be there. Liam, what happens? I win. How? Laugh. That's what I mean. He's like laughing. Take it serious. He laughed himself. Like, no. But I mean, like, he actually believes that I ain't got a chance. When he gets tired again, he he's going to think, "Here we go again." It's like a tattoo. The pain. You always want another one. You always want another tattoo. But then when you're in the chair, you think, "Oh, I can remember the pain." That's what it's going to be like for him. The painful the pain. Writ down in your notes. That didn't sound good. It's going to come back like that. And all these flashbacks are all going to come up to his head. He thinks he's the boogeyman. Cheapest creeper is going to turn up in my dreams by the sounds of it. Just turn up. Hope your cam's good. And there we go. Man, you're talking way too much now. You all had me fold. If you're listening to the speaking all the time, people from his hometown are buying tickets off me. He wants more. He's hungry. He's tasted it now. But I got to take that food off the plate, man. Last time out in Saudi, it was different. Now this time you're headlining on home soil. Ben, it's in the Midlands. Will the home support change things for you? Not really. Uh but it'll be good good to bring boxing back to the Midlands. Uh they've needed some big nights and I'm excited. Speaking of the Midlands, how did your upbringing shape you to be the person you are today? Um like I said, he was trying to portray me as this arrogant this and that. Um but at the end of the day, my mom's worked two jobs, dad worked two jobs. I came from humble beginnings and I'm in a position now where I can change their life. Um which is the best thing ever. And uh that's what's really grounded me. That's what's made me want to work hard. That's what made me cut no corners because where I'm from, the Wolverampton, the Midlands, you don't really get given much. You have to go and get it yourself. And that's what I do. Liam, you've been a pro for a long time. Has that has your life reflected on that? I wished I could have I knew what I knew now back then. 10 Pro 18 chucked away the GB setup. I had it on a paper and I kid it up and I just wish I knew what I know now cuz I'm a completely it might been whatever's happened to me. It's sent me tapped in my head whatever it's done. But it's helped me, you know, to be strong and um taking drugs in my bedroom thinking in mirror thinking kill me. The band, the loss of stepdaughter and stuff, all that stuff like um we're dark. Do you know what I mean? But apart from the death and stuff, I wouldn't change anything because it's made me such a better person. Like I don't drink. I'm not a bad person. I'll not stab you in the back and I'll always get give people a favor. The person you were back then is that who you're fighting for or fighting to to keep away to stay positive to stay Yeah, definitely. Like I'm in a proper routine. I can't change it. I have a chicken wrap every day and people like laugh. I post it every day on me Instagram just staying to the same routine and I don't break it for nothing. So I am scared of going back down there. I know 100% I won't but like I keep on top of things now. How's your life changed since October? Um a bit mad. I'm not you cuz I've only just started social media about two years ago. The messages are constant and I were having I writing back to each one of them and it's just like I can't do it now. Ben, it was very different for you for months. It was radio silence. That's not you. Where did you go? I liked it and it is me really. Like I said, if you saw me on the Olympic team, nobody knew me. Then the Olympic medal opened up the door. my flamboyant side came out and uh it it just started doing numbers. Like I said, he's getting all these messages now. I've had that since I've turned pro. This little radio silence thing, it's been amazing. I've loved it. Been able just to go to the gym. There's no distractions. I've been around my family and uh it was a blessing in disguise really. I've really liked it. You've got a different energy today now. Has this young boy turned into a man or have you decided to keep everybody at your arms length because you've seen the the horrible side of our sport? Um maybe I have become a man but I'm 27 if I'm not a man yet. When will I be a man? But uh I'm just in a calm calm place and um the only time I felt like this was the Olympics and a lot of people thought that was a big pressure moment. You saw how I shined. I went there with one arm and I got a silver medal and lost on split decision and um I feel like that again. Liam, there's a lot of pressure on you now. Yeah, people are expecting a lot more. Can you deal with that? Can you take that pressure? That expectation? I'm just numb to anything. Life can get you like that. You all you all had me fooled last time with these cameras and the highlights and stuff like that. You all had me fooled. I'm a different different man now. What believes I'm very confident. I'm not a really confident guy. I like to be under confident. It's being brought up. Have you ever felt this confident in any any fight you've been in? No. No, definitely not. Ben, do him a favor. Is he overconfident? I'm terrified. You know he's getting in with. You know what you're doing. So, you know what you're going to bring to the table. Is this man overconfident? You got to believe in yourself. Is definitely I'm naked. I'm scared. I'm shy. He knows what he's up against this time because he's changed trainers. Do you believe this? Do you believe? Who knows? I'm not going to start trying to play with his mind and oh, it's this, it's that. At the end of the day, when he's getting his wraps on and stuff like that and he walks to the ring and the first bell goes, that's when you'll truly know. Andy Lee, he's a good trainer. He's your new trainer. Yeah. Tell us about why that move has come about. Yeah, it's an amazing move. Uh firstly, he was a world champion himself, so he's been in situations, he's been in fights, he knows how to structure a camp, and uh he came from the same schooling as what I had in my first couple fights. He was a crunk boxer and uh things didn't work out with Sugar. I went back to my amateur coach and I was just doing what I wanted if I'm honest. Turning up saying I'm going to do this today and we was going on about it. Down the line we thought we'll have to get a head coach blah blah blah. But like I said, the blessing in the sky has happened. I got one of the best coaches in the game. That change was going to happen anyway. Yeah, it was going to happen anyway. It's not just because of this fight. No, no. And that's that's what I like a lot of people. Oh, he's doing it. my my team know it's going to happen, but I thought we'll just see how it goes. We'll just keep going as long as we can, then we'll get somebody in. But, uh, like I said, this blessing in disguise has happened. I got one of the best in the game now. And, uh, he's not just a coach, he's a good father figure. We do everything together every day. He's come over with me today. And, uh, having someone like that who's been there, done it, believes in you, does everything with you. Uh, it's a good place to be in. Liam, do you believe that it had nothing to do with you him changing cultures? Of course it did. Of course it did. He said he trained hard. He said he did this. He said he did that. He were the beast. He's going to flatten me. Now he's saying, "Well, they weren't doing this and they weren't doing that." No, but nobody said I weren't doing nothing. I just said I was calling the shots. If you're listening to the speaking all the time, you've just asked me a question. said I was calling the shots. I would go to the gym and say I'm doing this. Did you underestimate? We'll see. You know, you only have one chance to make a first impression. Yep. Yep. That's gone now. The element of surprise. Yeah. All after you see you once. And I've I've seen him. I've seen him now. I felt him now. And like I said, he might believe it. He might not believe it. That was my worst worst night. And um I'm I'm happy. I felt it. I feel felt his power. As he says, I felt him trying to come on strong or go back. I felt it all. And um when you felt it once and experienced it once, that's all she wrote really. I'm going to ask you something, Ben. Mhm. might you might come across as a stupid question, but I'm going to ask you anyway. Is your career on the line in this fight? No. So, if you lose, you're thinking, you know what, it don't matter. My career is still online. For me, I think every fight, my career's been on the line. Do you know what I mean? I can't say, oh, because of Liam Cameron, number two, my career's on the line. Being the person I am, I'm the head honcho. Everybody wants to take me off the top. And uh like I said, cuz of what happened, a silly little night, it's opened up this door for him. He wants more. He's hungry. He's tasted it now. But I got to take that food off the plate, man. Do you think he could cope with losing the persona of Ben Whitaker? You know, or you think you know? Yeah, cuz he's caught with a lot this fight. It's caught a lot. I've felt off bad with stuff I've seen. Do you know what I mean? I felt very bad. Not trying to take What do you mean the stuff you've seen? Stuff I've seen. Comments and people from his own people from his own You mean the negative comments? Yeah. People from his hometown are buying tickets off me and that that's what happens when you're the guy. I'm like, "Wow." I think I've done a thousand tickets. Most from being Sheffield and Wolverampton. Come on, Wolverampton. Good job. I'm from Warsaw. I remember you at the Olympics. Yeah. You wasn't happy with a silver medal. Yeah. Could you cope with losing to this man? There'll be no losing, so there's no coping. Bet we drew last time. So, yeah. And you're doing back flips over a draw. You hit the lottery off a draw. You know what I Our class had drawers a lot. It were it were whiskers losing, weren't it? To be fair. Liam, can you look him in the eye and tell him exactly how the fight goes? Pain. I'm joking. It's going to be a be a good fight. Will we get It's beautiful. What's going to happen on that night? It's going to be a war. Fans are going to be screaming. Let the best man win. Ben, fans screaming. It's going to be a war. Can you look him in the eye and tell him how the fight's going to go? We'll turn up, touch gloves, and have a great fight. I'll take you to a nice Caribbean spot after. I like it hot food. Get some curry goat. Can't complain. I'm not sure what's going to happen here. Maybe I am. The way the vibe's gone. But we getting a handshake, boys. If he wants, I'll put my hand up if he wants an egg. You got an egg. Am I going to do with this? What am I going to do with this? E. Oh, no. I'm joking. I thought I thought we were going to throw the egg. So like you're not that fast. You would have definitely hit you, man.