Kind: captions Language: en Uh, I want to say something to Nigel, Mr. Ben, about Connor. See, Connor may actually turn out to be a good fighter one day. We don't know as yet. But it's not the boxing of which I'm concerned with. I'm concerned with the ordinary life, the people. Who are your friends? Who are you moving around about with his father should be there to watch that your father? Who are you to talk about my life? I'm I Who are you to talk about my life? Who Who am I? Who are you to talk about my personal life in front of all these cameras? Who are you? I find that extremely disrespectful. No, it's not. That is very disrespectful. It's none of your business. You want to talk about my dad, talk about him. Don't talk about me and come with all that telling about my life. I would I would love Don't talk about my life in front of these cameras. That's my personal life. I don't know about your life. You want to talk about my boxing? Fair enough. But don't talk about my personal life. Okay. All right. Talk about my boxing. That's it. Okay. Not my personal life. Okay. His boxing life will be um better protected if his father is involved with him because his father will protect him against the things which happened to him. So when the father's close, the fighter is better protected. This is what I was saying. It is in support of you. It's not against you. And I'm not trying to embarrass you. I want the best for you. You may have what it takes. You may have that spirit, that energy that your father had. What I am worried about is the outside, the parties, the girls, the media, the guys who throw you off track. What do you think your dad would have said if he was here? I I don't think they I think there would been fist flying all about the moment. That's me personally. Um don't like him. Number one. Number two, don't talk about his son in a disrespectful manner. Um and I just think that that was unnecessary. Very very unnecessary and very uncalled. You know, he he wants to talk about me, but really, what does what does he know? What really does he know about me? About my personal life for him to then sit up in front of all them cameras and talk about my personal life. Excuse me. Don't do that, mate. It's disrespectful. Very disrespectful. And he crossed the line. It's different things from fight talk and it's different. But he crossed the line big time. I thought he was I thought he was all right until I met him today for the first time and he comes along with that. No, not a great impression, mate. I will not disrespect you and I will not harm you. I will be protective of you uh physically, intellectually, I'll not take advantage of you. Deluded. Okay. But you understand, you can't actually produce what we produce if you're not deluded.