Kind: captions Language: en Thank you, Christina. Ladies and gentlemen, a very good afternoon to you and welcome as Bob Arums Top Rank Incorporated presents the official weigh-in for our big afternoon and night of boxing taking place tomorrow right here at the Palms Casino Resort in Las Vegas, Nevada, and it's live on ESPN Plus. Before we bring out our fighters to step on to the scale, we are honored to have as always once again the Top Rank Knockouts. Please welcome Pamela and Tiana. And you can check out their Instagrams for a behind thescenes look at Fight Week. Thank you once again to Pamela and Tiana. All right, fans. Here we go. Let's bring our fighters out for our opening attraction for tomorrow afternoon starting 2:30 local time, Pacific, 5:30 in the East. Four rounds of boxing junior welterweights. It features Sammy Contreras Jr. versus Robert Himemenz. First to the scale from Nampa, Idaho. He's a junior welterweight battler in his sixth professional bout. Please welcome Robert Himenez. 138.4 138.4 for Robert E. Menace. 138.4 lb. And his opponent fighting out of Los Angeles, making his anticipated professional debut here is Sammy Contreras Jr. 138.6 138.6 lb 138.6 Six for Sammy Contas Jr. Shu, do you remember what it was like weighing in on the scale for your first time for your pro debut? Uh, definitely. Like all the nerves, it was just just, you know, rushing through me. But, uh, you know, I feel like, you know, the preparation for this fight is going to help them out. Four rounder at 140 lbs. [Music] Don't touch it. And there they are, ladies and gentlemen, opening up the action tomorrow afternoon here at the Palms Casino Resort, brought to you by Top Rank Incorporated. And now, ladies and gentlemen, we move to the junior lightweight division. Eight rounds of boxing scheduled in a fight featuring DJ Samura versus Ugo Castaneda. First with a record of 15 wins, one loss and one draw. He has 11 wins coming by way of knockout. Joining us from Rhosas Tamo Lipas, Mexico, please welcome Ugo Tigra Castan 130.6 130.6 lb 130.6 Six for Tre Casteda. Great job. And his opponent now joining us with a record of 15 wins, no losses, 10 wins coming by way of knockout from Las Vegas. He's known as the War Machine, DJ Samura. 130.9 130.9 lb 130.9 for the war machine DJ Samura. Really excited to watch uh DJ Zamora fight. Um you know he's definitely one of the main guys that I have next to me training each and every day. I understand how hard he works. So, I understand how hard he wants to be the best in the division and uh this is his opportunity to really showcase what he's got. Go ahead. Face off. Don't touch each other. Leave your hands down. Get a little closer, but don't touch. There they are, ladies and gentlemen. The war machine DJ Samura versus Ugo Castanetta Eligre. Eight rounds of boxing. Weight limit for the contract. 131 lbs. We'll call them junior lightweights. Once again, eight rounds of boxing scheduled. And now we move on to our next fight. 10 rounds of boxing scheduled. Middle weights coming to us in the ring. Ji Tucker versus Troy Williamson. First, please welcome with a record of 20 wins, three losses, and one draw. He has 14 knockouts. Making his US debut from Darlington, England, please welcome Trojan Troy Williamson. 160.4 160.4 pounds. 160.4 four for Troy Williamson. And as a proud opponent, holds a record of 13 wins, one loss, and one draw with six knockouts. Originally from Brooklyn, proudly representing Brooklyn, now fighting up Deer Park, New York. Please welcome Ji Tucker 160.7 160.7 lbs 160.7 for Jai Tucker. I thought he was going to hop on the scale with the chain for and then he just put on the ground. I'm like, "Oh, whoa." He just set it on the ground. I love Yeah, but that's that that's that New York swag. Yeah, right. No, this is a sneaky good scrap though on the undercard. I I really am looking forward to catch up. Ji coming back out to the West Coast, if you will. Hasn't been in Vegas since 2021 for a fight. Usually holding our shows down on the East Coast, but this is a sneaky good fight on the undercard. How you guys? All right, guys. Space out. Don't touch each other. Hands to your sides. There they are, ladies and gentlemen. Contracted weight in this fight. 161 cap pounds. We'll call them middleweights, 10 rounds of boxing. It's Jai Tucker versus Trojan Troy Williamson. Now, let's move into the welterweight division. Our next fight scheduled six rounds of boxing features Art Barera Jr. versus Deon Gonzalez. First with a record of 12 wins, five losses with six knockout Southpaw Battler. Please welcome from Davenport, Iowa, Dean Gonzalez. 152.9 152.9 for Dai John Gonzalez. And his opponent ready to join us now. A fine young professional with a record of seven wins and no losses. Five knockouts from Lynwood, California. Art Barera Jr. 152.7 152.7 for Art Barera Jr. The first of three Robert Garcia Boxing Academy fighters on the card Saturday night. The undefeated Art Barrera Jr. taking on battle tested Da Gonzalez. You see the age advantage there on the tail of the tape for Gonzalez. But the knockout advantage goes to Art Pereira Jr. Go ahead. Face off. Hands down, guys. Don't touch each other. Same for tomorrow. There they are, ladies and gentlemen. These are super welterweight six rounds of boxing art. Barera Jr. Da John Gonzalez. And now we'll present the first of our title attraction scheduled for tomorrow. Eight rounds of boxing vacant junior NABF Superlyweight Championship. It's Steven Navaro versus Juan Estean Garcia. Percy will be fighting out of the blue corner with a record of 14 wins, one loss, two draws with 11 wins. Coming by way of knockout from Mexico Baja California Mexico. El Asabachito Juan Estean Garcia 113.5 113.5 113 12 lbs ready to fight tomorrow for this vacant title. His opponent with an acclaimed amateur pedigree. His professional record is five wins, no losses, four wins coming by way of knockout from Englewood, California. Stephen [Laughter] [Music] Navaro, let's go. 114.8 114.8 lbs. 114.8 for the undefeated Steven Navaro. Navaro is definitely one of the guys that is uh must see TV as well. He's definitely someone that I'm really excited to watch. I love his style. Very explosive. Can't wait to see what he has to bring tomorrow. Yeah, a pro for just one year, five wins, four of them by way of knockout. looking forward to seeing him back in the ring against an opponent that has of his 14 wins, 11 of those are by way of knockout. So, it should be entertaining for his first eight rounder for Stephen Navaro as long as it lasts tomorrow night. [Music] Back hand to your side. We're touching the one. There you go. Just like that. [Music] That intensity right there. Thank you, boys. There they are. Ladies and gentlemen, this fight surely has the crowd worked up and it should be. It's going to be a good one. Steven Navaro, Juan Estan Garcia. And now, ladies and gentlemen, we move into the featherweight division and about scheduled six rounds of boxing featuring Alberto Gonzalez versus Dana Coolwell. First with a record of 13 wins, three losses, he has eight wins, coming by way of knockout, making his Las Vegas debut. And joining us from Nambour, Australia, please welcome Deadly Dana Coolwell. 125.5 125 and a2 lbs 125.5 lbs for Dana Coolwell. His opponent is undefeated at 12 wins, no losses. Seven of his wins coming by way of knockout from Moreno Valley, California. The undefeated Alberto Chop Chop Bonales 124.8 124.8 date a ready 124.8 for Alberto Chop Cha Gonzalez. Hey Shu, you know anything about Dana? Oh, of course. Yeah, we definitely shared the ring some months ago. Uh I'm really am excited for this matchup because uh Dana, he is uh very tough, very tough competitor. You know, Chop Chop, I love his style. He's uh must see TV as well too. Very entertaining to watch. This match up is going to be great. Yeah, I'm looking forward to this one too. approximately 5:30ish tomorrow night from the Pearl Theater and streaming live on ESPN Plus. Mikey, face off. Hands on your sides. Don't touch no one. It's a featherweight special attraction. Six rounds. Alberto Chop Chop Gonzalez versus Deadly Dana Coolwell. And now, ladies and gentlemen, we present the NABF and USBA lightweight championship scheduled 10 rounds of boxing featuring Abdullah Mason versus Carlos Chinito Oras. First to the scale with a record of 28 wins, four losses with 15 knockouts from Bajia Asunion Baka, California, Mexico. Here is Carlos Genito Orelas 133.8 lb 133.8 8 for Carlos Chinito Ornelas. And now we're ready to bring out his opponent from Cleveland, Ohio. Undefeated in his campaign, 17-0 with 15 knockoffs. Please welcome the acclaimed and undefeated WBC number seven world ranked contender, the undefeated Abdullah Mason. How you doing? [Applause] Weight limit on this fight, 135 lbs. 135.1. Abdullah Mason's first weighin tips the scale at 135.1 lbs. 135.1. Box again box one over for Abdullah Mason and typically um it's actually an ode to his Muslim culture why he takes off his rabbit and He has that up each and every fight. That was not have anything to do with the weight, but they will bring this out and he'll rewway in 135. Even 135 lbs. He makes the white lightweight limit. Abdullah Mason weighs in at 135. We have a fight for the NIBF lightweight championship. Abdullah Mason versus Carlos Ornelas. I love watching Abdilla fight. Um sometimes I'm not even going to lie to you. He reminds me of myself when I'm in the ring. But uh I feel like this going to be a very interesting match up because he's fighting very experienced guy has 32 fights in total and uh I'm really interested to see how he's going to handle that type of experience. right here. That's your middle point. As you can see, a significant reach advantage for Abdullah Mason. Almost seven in which is significant especially at this weight last year. Yeah, definitely. I feel like, you know, Abdullah, he does a great job at using his distance with his reach. So, it's going to be very interesting to see how his opponent is going to deal with that. And credit to Carlos for stepping in. This was going to be against Giovani Cabrera when the fight was first announced, but he's still got a southpaw opponent and a tricky one too in Ornel. Good, boys. Thank you. There they are, ladies and gentlemen. It's for the USBA and NABF lightweight championship. 10 rounds of boxing. Abdullah Mason versus Carlos Chinito Oras. Well, fans, we're ready to move to our co-main event of the evening. It's scheduled 10 rounds of boxing featuring junior welterweights. It's for a WBC title eliminator and the WBO Latino title. Once again, scheduled 10 rounds of boxing against Lindo Delgalo versus Elvis Rodriguez. Let's bring our fighters to the scale. Weight limit on this fight. Junior Welter, 140 lbs. Even first with a record of 17 wins, one loss, one draw with 13 wins by knockout. He's the world ranked contender from Sto. Domingo known as the Dominican kid Elvis Rodriguez 139.6 139.6 lb 139.6 for the Dominican kid Elvis Rodriguez. His opponent's record is 22 wins, no losses, 16 big wins coming by way of knockout from Linares No Leon, Mexico. Here is the undefeated WBC and WBO number five world ranked contender Lindulo Delgado 139.9 139.9bs he just makes it 139.9 for Lindo Felgado Two top rank 140 pounders going out it in a co-main event tomorrow night. A title eliminator. I'm very excited about this matchup. A 50/50 fight in my opinion. It should be fireworks in the co-main event. I agree. You know, both of these guys have exceptional punching power. That already is going to bring a lot of attention to this fight. And like you said, the title eliminator, they're gonna bring their best self. And man, I'm just really locked in to see what they're going to bring. You got to love a Freddy Roach versus Robert Garcia battle in the corners, too, when it comes to two of the very best trainers, two of the very best gyms in the world, and two of the very best 140 pounders right here in our co-main event. Baseball, boys, keep a hand to your sides. Please don't touch no one. Save for tomorrow. Indeed, they are ready to go. 10 rounds of boxing. WBC title eliminator. WBO Latino Junior welterweight Lindopalo versus the Dominican kid Elvis Rodriguez. Well, fans, Bob Arums, Top Rank Incorporated presents the featured attraction of the evening, 10 rounds of boxing, the big man of the sport, heavyweights. Both of them hard-hitting. They're fighting for the NABF, NABO and IBF North American heavyweight title. It's Richard Torres Jr. versus Guido Vanelo. First, ladies and gentlemen, with a record of 13 wins, two losses, and one draw, he has 11 wins coming by way of knockout, a 2016 Olympian for team Italy, a hard-hitting world ranked fighter from Rome. Please welcome the gladiator, Guido Vanelo. Good to see you. [Laughter] [Music] 242.3 242.3 lbs. 242.3 for the super heavyweight, the gladiator Guido Viello. And his opponent holds a record in the professional ranks of 12 wins, no losses. 11 of his wins coming by way of knockout. He's the US Olympic silver medalist. The undefeated world ranked heavyweight from Tuler, California. Richard Torres Jr. [Music] 229.2 229.2 lbs 229.2 for the undefeated Richard Torres Jr. here. Look at Mikey first. Get as far back as you can. Split that right there. Perfect. Thank you. First, boys. Really exciting match up for these two. Really excited for this. This is a big step up for Richard Torres in this type of competition with Guido. Guido, he's he has a big competitive uh uh hurdle ahead of him with Richard Torres. This is I cannot wait to see how this gonna turn out. There they are, ladies and gentlemen. The last time they will face each other before they meet in the center of the ring tomorrow night for the main event of the evening. Two hard-hitting world ranked heavyweights for the NABF, NABO, and IBF North American heavyweight title. Richard Torres Jr. versus the gladiator Guido Viamo. And now let's hear from Christina Poner here from both of our fighters in this main event. Guido get it right this time. You learn Italian, right? I've been working on it. Uh something you've been working on is preparing for Richard Torres Jr. tomorrow night. You have the size advantage, the height, the reach, the experience. Uh how do you see tomorrow night playing out? I see only one way. My way. Tomorrow night. Evidence is here. Is the time. It's my time. So, can't wait to fight. I'm ready. Does this fight, not just because it's next, but because the implications that are at stake? A possible shot at a world title within reach mean a little bit more to you than your other fight so far, or is it just next man up? I'm thinking just about now. Tomorrow, I will think about Richard and then we will see. Right. Best of luck tomorrow night. Thank you. Thank you. Ciao. Ciao. All right, Richard. Do you have a chance to size them up face to face? Was that that was the first time you know when you guys face to face a little bit yesterday today. Everyone talks about the size disadvantage, reach disadvantage, but that's nothing new for you. You've dealt with that your entire career. Yeah, I have. And so it's it's nothing special, but uh we're excited for it. We've been prepped for it and we're ready to go tomorrow night. I can tell a shift in your energy as we get to a little closer to fight night. But this is a huge opportunity for you. You're fighting in your first main event, your first scheduled 10 rounder. You've been with Top Rank since you turned pro. Uh, is this exactly where you want to be and exactly where you thought you'd be at this moment in your career, just within grasp of a possible world title shot? Yeah, I just want to say again, thank you to Top Rank and everybody, the matchmakers, you know, I put full trust in them and that got me to the place I am today and uh, I'm happy with where I'm at and I want to show that I'm meant to be here and my perfect opportunity is tomorrow night. Why should people put their money on Richard Torres Jr.? I mean, if you don't if you haven't seen the last couple fights, I mean, be ready for this fight as well. You know, I'm well prepared. I'm well trained and uh we're going to have some fireworks tonight. If you know me, you know I'm coming for a fight and that's where you're going to get tomorrow. Speaking of tomorrow, this guy's got a little something to say based on what you said yesterday at the press conference. You have something to say, Shu? Yeah, you know, uh I heard you, you know, what you said, uh yesterday, wish me bad luck on my commentary. Um, you know, I'm I'm pretty sure that you only said it because I wasn't around, but you know, I'm here so you could uh say that to my face. You know, I You're the one that started this. All right. I mean, it's good TV. Why not? Yeah. No, she said that you were better than me and everyone else. True. Yeah. All right. Shoo. Shoo. Can we say that? Shoo. Shoo. Shoo. Shoo. Please. Cuz you practice prep. All right. All right. We'll let you get ready. Thank you so much. Good job today on the mic. Shu. appreciate you. Uh, look, it's an excellent card tomorrow night. Let's take a look at it one more time. Nine total fights getting started at 2:30 p.m. Pacific, 5:30 p.m. Eastern time on ESPN Plus. Again, if you're in the Las Vegas area, Southern California, get in your car, drive. There's still a limited number of tickets available right here at the Palms Casino Resort or on Ticket Master. Doors open at 2 PM. So, get your tickets and join us live. And one more time, just in case you need the schedule, upcoming schedule, all things Top Rank. Scan that QR code to view the knockout schedule and uh all things for the fight fans right there via our QR code. All right, everybody. That's it. We'll see you guys tomorrow night for my co- commentator Bruce Shushu Carrington and Jimmy Lennon Jr. I'm Christina Poner. We'll see you tomorrow.