Kind: captions Language: en Thank you and welcome here to the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. This wonderful stadium and the man who's put this all together, his excellency Turkey. Turkey, it's an absolute honor to meet you. It's my honor to be in in Sky. And what do you think of the stadium? It's great a stadium. This is the first time I come here. It's it's amazing. I think one of the best stadium in the world. And you've put on some superb phenomenal shows in Saudi and you've shown here you can do it all over the world. Yeah, we we do it in Wembley and now we do it in Tina. Uh it is amazing. I like the fans, the British fans and they're very excited in my way. They stop my cars and they like the fights and um from really from my heart I like them. Do you know what you've done Turkey? You've got fighters together and you we're seeing the best fight the best. Was this always your plan when you got into boxing? Yes. And my partners, all my my partners, the promoters, we are doing a great good job and I I hope we will continue because this is the best for the fans. Now the numbers of the of the boxing and the young generation start to to focus in boxing and this is the the most important things. Boxing is in fantastic hands, isn't it? This sport could go so far now, can it? It is legacy. It is it is sport from 7,000 years. Now you see what we are doing. We bring young also talent YouTuber to be involved speed ksi for get getting the young generation. We collaborate with video games fatal fury. This all for the young. We want the young to focus and start to uh to love boxing and start to training. This is good for everyone. We don't want smoke. We don't want drugs. We want we don't want uh anything uh catching the the young generation except sport and the main event. We are so excited for this main event. What what's what's your prediction? I want to tell you something. Yes. I am man of numbers. They give to me before I come here to the event from three hours now. This event is bigger 130% than every the events we do in the past and we think until tomorrow we will reach more than 200% more numbers until I came here now 9 million 9 billion impression around England and the world all the world now seeing the fights waiting for the fights with all the this atmosphere 70,000 it will be something amazing it's legacy that's The key word here, isn't it for you? The legacy. Legacy. And the British fans is a crazy is it's amazing fan. Well, when you walked in, everyone was looking and waving at you. They have so much respect. They love sport. They love sport. They love boxing. They love football. They are. This make us doing more and more. You you know when we see the people like it, this give us push to do more and more. And this for you is just the start. Wow. A start. And we want to see the the numbers of sky pay. I hope it's it's it's going high. I will get them to you. I promise. His excellency. It's an absolute honor to meet you. his excellent his excellency turkey and a shake here at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium.