Kind: captions Language: en Let's start with the question that everybody wants to know the answer to. Why have you decided to come back? And was there a catalyst? Was there one moment where you thought, do you know what? I've still got it. First of all, thank you to everyone who turned out for this press conference today here at Tottenham. Um, thank you to Turkey Shake for putting this show on. Thank you to Netflix, um, Spencer, Frank, everybody who's been involved. Thank you to everybody. Um, and I'm glad you asked that question. Sorry, Dr. Rakhan as well. He's right here. Without this man, let me tell you something. Without him, none of this would be possible. We spent hours and hours on the phone making this deal happen. And without this man here, he deserves all the credit he gets. Great man. Now, big shout out to me dad because without him, I wouldn't even be born. How about that? Right. And back to your question. I think it's a very interesting question as well because why did I come back to boxing? Very very very interesting question and there's only one answer to that and the truth of the matter is I came back for one reason only and that's to make boxing great again. Since I retired for the fifth time um over a year ago, boxing for me has gone on a downward slope. Um, it's become quite boring and boxing is at its maximum potential when Tyson Fury's actively fighting. And I didn't say that. And AI, the cleverest AI on earth said that. Chat GBT. So, believe it. Um, and I'm coming back to make boxing great again. Like Donald Trump wants to make America great again. I want to make boxing great again. And with me, I brought back the biggest streaming platform on earth, Netflix. um first fight back fighting at a 60,000 seat stadium. I bring a circus. I bring an entourage. I bring entertainment. I bring action. I bring cameras. I bring everything to the sport. And it's something that I'm so passionate about and I love. You know, I was enjoying being retired. I um made At Home with a Fury season 2, which is about to air in April. I met uh I made a documentary on Netflix about my life, a biopic documentary. Um I traveled the world with my family, went on a few private jets, few yachts, nice holidays, food. I was enjoying myself. But it comes to a point where you just want to go back to work. And my work will always be the fight game. No matter how old I am, people say, "Oh, well, you're 37." Well, let me just hit you with a few facts here. Archie Moore was 48-y old when he defended his title and went 15 rounds and got up off the canvas six times. Roberto Jirean was successfully fighting world champions in late in his 50s. So, I think age is it is what it is. I feel fresh. I feel good. And if I was on a decline, I'd say it. I'd be the first to say, you know what, I don't think I've got it no more and I won't box. But I don't feel as if I've lost anything. I feel like I'm in me prime still. I feel fast. I feel good moving. I feel everything's really good. I've been away in Thailand training as everybody knows. It's been well documented all over my Instagram for the past however long. Um, rejuvenated. The sunshine makes you happy, makes you smile, and it it it knocks down your biological age. I look like I think I've knocked down 10 years of my biological age with sunshine and having a shave. Um, for sure. And I'm really looking forward to getting back in the ring. And April the 11th can't come soon enough. I'm in great shape. I've been training since, well, since I retired. I never stopped training. It's a part of my hobby. However, I've been really brutalizing myself over in Thailand. Um, doing a lot of old school stuff over the last eight weeks and I have another eight weeks to go. So, like Frank pointed out, I'm in good shape right now and I'll be in even better shape on April the 11th. And you know, Matt Midov, what do I know about him? I know he's a giant. He's bigger than he says he is. He says he's about 6'4, but I think he's about 6'8. He's a big man. Um, knockout puncher for 14 or 15 first round KOs. And they say, "Why did you choose someone so dangerous as Arsenadov?" Truth of the matter is, if I fight a pudding, I don't get turned on by that. I have to fight somebody dangerous to make me want to even train, make me want to even take it seriously. So now I know I've got a dangerous knockout artist in front of me. Uh, I really will focus and and get me teeth into the the training camp. I'm looking forward to the event. I'm looking forward to coming here um putting on a real show at Tottenham. And most of all, I'm looking forward to punching his face right in. To be fair, it's been a while and I missed it. What better thing can a man do than punch another man's face in and get paid a lot of money to do it. It's like a dream job. You get to punch people's faces in and get paid of money to do it. So, I missed that. I missed it. I missed it a lot. And now we've got big Matt Madov over there. I'm going to write him straight off completely. I'm going to make his face look like a butcher's block after about four rounds because I know he he he can't get out the way in my punches. That's a fact. He's dangerous. I understand that. And everyone will be saying, "You know what? You got to really take this guy seriously." But he knows he's in there with a legend of a fighter. And when he gets in there on the night, he's going to realize how much of a legend I am because, you know, he he fought over in Britain recently and he fought Dave Allen and went 12 rounds. But Dave's me pal, the white rhino. But if he thinks it's anything like that, that's like swimming in a garden pond and then trying to swim across the Atlantic Ocean in bad weather. It's totally different. Um, and I'm looking to put on a show. I want an explosive knockout. And I believe I'm going to get that April 11th. I'm going to knock him Spark out. &gt;&gt; I might as well sit down. That was unbelievable. It's vintage T. &gt;&gt; That was like a one take wonder, was it? You know, &gt;&gt; you practiced that. Um, Ty, I've noticed a lot on your Instagram, through your socials. You've spoken a lot about being happy and feeling blessed. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And a little bit of time away from the sport seems to have healed something there. Do you think that a happy Tyson is the most dangerous version of Tyson Fury? &gt;&gt; Every day I wake up, I thank God for everything that I have and everything that I am and everything that I become. Sometimes people forget to thank the creator and thank everything that we have. Me family, me career, everything, friends. I've been so so truly blessed over the years and there hasn't there's been a quite a few moments where I've been down and out wrote off and I keep coming back and like we say this is my fifth comeback in in as many years I suppose but you know when you love something so passionately as I do it's hard to let go it's very difficult to let go and after watching I just watched my documentary for the full two hours backstage in between interviews and stuff and the career that I've had the roller coaster of emotions up and down the fights I've had over the is it makes me want to fight even more because I know I know how hard I have worked to get to this point and to walk away with so much left in the tank wasn't never going to be. I was always going to come back even if I didn't believe it myself when I retired over a year ago. I really believed that I would never return to boxing. But having had a year off and experienced the life and what it all the things that it has to give, I've learned that I'm so much in love with boxing that it's a part of me. No matter how old I am or will ever be, it'll always be a part of me. Just like Mike, he Mike Tyson, he can never get it out of his system. He just had a fight at 60 years old, 61 years old. And I think boxing is the biggest addictive drug on earth because any other drug, you can go to rehab and get it out of your system. But the fight game, it never leaves you. It's always with you now until forever. &gt;&gt; You spoken a little bit about healing, being happy, and coming back to the sport. You said maybe you didn't think you would come back at one point. Obviously, those two defeats to us. What did you learn from those? How did that help you kind of come back and in a different mindset? &gt;&gt; What did I learn from those two fights? I learned that I'm a very good boxer and I learned that you just got to throw the punches and just take life as it comes, ups and downs. I said it long, long time ago. It's not how how many times you win or lose or how many times you get knocked down or whatever, but it's about getting up and keep coming forward in a positive manner. No matter what life chucks at you, you must keep continuing to move forward. And you know, I got that from a Rocky movie. Um, but it's so so true. There is never a tomorrow. You know, tomorrow is a myth. It's not a real thing. Today is what we have. Not yesterday, not an hour ago, not an hour forward. We have now. Tomorrow might not ever come. And I suppose the biggest turning point in this um comeback for me was a tragedy that happened with Anthony Joshua. Um I was on holiday with my family in Thailand for Christmas just to get away from the rain. Sick of the rain. It was depressing me. And then I hear all that bad news that's gone on. And I thought, you know what? Life is very, very short and very precious and very fragile. And anything could happen at any given moment. And you should never never put things off until tomorrow or next year or next week because tomorrow is not promised to nobody. The Bible says tomorrow is not a gift. Tomorrow ain't promised. Tomorrow is a mystery. So we have to live for today. And me living for that day, I made my mind up there and then that I'm going to come back to boxing because it's something that I love and I'm passionate about and that I've always been in love with and there is no tomorrow to put it off to. So that's why I'm back today for this big fight. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. And obviously we pray that Cena and Lats rest in peace. Now, how much pressure do you feel coming back with that mindset to win but not just win but win in good fashion? Because if you don't look convincing, the critics will say those big talks about the winner of Dubois Wardley, redemption against Usyk, they all go out the window. So, do you feel that pressure? &gt;&gt; No, there's no pressure. Um, I've got um I've got no ode to be taken. I don't hold any alphabetical title. Just me having fun. Something I've always done all my life. I don't feel pressure. I live for this. Even when I'm under pressure and I'm caught and I've been bend down, I still live for this. It's what I've always live for. It's what I'll always continue to live for and I thrive under pressure. Um, and as for the critics, I'm sure Van Go had his critics, but I can't name any right right now off the top of me head. The critics, who cares about them? They're just soft, sorry people who have to hate on other people who are trying to do something that they could only dream about doing. Probably have in the bathroom about doing it. Um, yeah. Well, when real men get in there and fight and another idiot's armchair critics slag off people who are doing something they can only dream about, then it's a it's a sad sorry state. So, does the lion care about the opinions of sheep? No, he doesn't. Who cares? I I I read a quote on Instagram recently and it said, "Does the honeybee waste his time telling the flies that the the honey is is better than the He doesn't. He just lets him crack on with it. And that's what I do. I crack on with my own business. I don't get involved with anybody else's. And I stick in me own lane. I'm not a big-time investor. I'm not a property developer. I'm not a realator. I'm not anything but a fighter. And that's what I'll always be. And that's why I'm back again sticking in me own lane and doing what I always do. &gt;&gt; I'm going to write down a list of these incredible quotes. I'm going to sell it on eBay for a lot of my &gt;&gt; absolute vintage Tyson. This is your first time fighting back in the UK since 2022 in this very very stadium. &gt;&gt; Has it been four years already? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Shocking how time flies, isn't it? &gt;&gt; How good will it be to be back in front of 60 70,000 British boxing fans? &gt;&gt; It will be absolutely unbelievable. And I know my legion of fans will fill the stadium up no problem. We boxed here in December, freezing our off out there, me and Derek Chazora for the heavyweight championship of the world. And everybody and his dog said, "That won't sell any tickets. It's December. It'll be raining." But guess what happened, Frank? What happened? &gt;&gt; Sold out. &gt;&gt; Sold out. And I anticipate another sellout and another epic fight here in Britain. It's unbelievable to be back. You know, I was away in Saudi for the last what's it been? Four years. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. The last few fights have been over there. and to come back to the UK with Netflix. It's uh dream come true to be back here at Tottenham and I had a great win here last time and I'm hoping to get another great win here again on April 11th. It's live on Netflix and Tyson is definitely Hollywood, let me tell you that. Now, your your dad's been in the room. He's he's saying that he wanted to have more input into this camp and you posted your weight on your socials 18 stone 11 and 3/4 pound 17 pounds or so lighter than you came in for the Usyk remat. He one of his wishes was he wanted you to to learn to move again to be awkward to be jerky to be hard to hit? Is the weight a part of that and is Thailand a part of that? &gt;&gt; The weight is um weights can be deceived. You know, I was about 18 stone 10 when I fought two sec last time out. But I weighed in fully hydrated, fully fed. I had me coat on and boots, big leather jacket, so I wouldn't buy into the weight on the scales too much. And scales don't really mean a lot to me. Hence the reason I've always been a fat all me life, but it hasn't really affected me. Um, but yeah, listen, I'm training away and whatever weight I come in at, I come in at. I'm not I'm not a slim fast woman who's checking her weight every 10 seconds with a set of scales. I'm a heavyweight man, 19 stone, 6' n. Um, as long as I'm fit and strong and eat me food well, I'm not really too concerned about what uh what weight the number says on the scales. And as long as I'm performing and doing what I've got to do, then I'll be happy on the night. &gt;&gt; So, you've been in with some of the biggest punchers in heavyweight history. &gt;&gt; Number one in history. &gt;&gt; That's not bad, is it? Number one three times and number seven. &gt;&gt; That's pretty good, &gt;&gt; right? They're one and seven. Where does Matt Mudov rank in terms of that threat? &gt;&gt; I don't know. I've never fought him yet. I've never felt his power, but I'll let you know after the fight. &gt;&gt; I'll be asking you, don't worry. Listen, quick one. Back in Thailand, training camp looks a different a little bit different than than Morham. Is it just the rain, the reason why you're out there? Can you give some insight to the boxing fans? You see you on your socials, see you training, see you have &gt;&gt; So, why am I in Thailand training? So, when you wake up in England and it's pissing it down, you look out the window. How does that make everybody feel? Truthfully, anyone? &gt;&gt; She was in Thailand. &gt;&gt; Miserable. Miserable. There you go. Yeah. &gt;&gt; When I'm in Thailand and I wake up and it's 30° outside, I'm like, "This is awesome. Let me go training." Sunshine is the key. And if you wake up in the rain, you feel And if you wake up in the sunshine, you feel happy. And I want to feel happy. I don't like the cold anymore. And I don't like the rain. I don't like the greyness. I don't like the two weeks of summer we get per year. So that's why I'm in Thailand. I've been there eight weeks already. And the worstest day we had is uh 27.5 degrees and the best day we've had has been about 35 degrees. So yeah, it's been pretty good. I've really been enjoying me training and you can get a good sweat on. Muhammad Ali once said, he said, "I train in Miami. Live in Miami." He said, "Because when I'm having me breakfast, I'm losing weight. When I'm jogging, I'm losing weight. When I'm training, I'm losing weight. When I'm sleeping, I'm losing weight. So, while I'm out in Thailand and 30°, it's a bit like Miami with the humidity. I'm losing weight all the time. &gt;&gt; You're definitely selling it. Now, how does this fight end on the 11th? Talk to me. Give us a prediction before we get into the face off. &gt;&gt; How does it end? Probably a big right hand KO. &gt;&gt; Nice and easy. Want to give us a round prediction? &gt;&gt; Round six. Why not? Sounds like a good even number. &gt;&gt; Mystic Tyson. Uh guys, thank you very much for joining us. I will uh allow these guys to step forward and head into the face off. Here they are, ladies and gentlemen, face to face. The Lion versus the Gypsy King. It all goes down. It all goes down on Saturday, April 11th, right here at Tottenham Hotspur Stadium, London, live on Netflix. The number one streaming outfit in the world, Netflix, giving their fans another reason to have Netflix and another reason to get it. Tickets go on sale starting tomorrow on ticketmaster.c. co.uk. The first 24 to 48 hours, expect a massive sell-off.