Kind: captions Language: en I'm sure you're busy. So, I'll be quick. But, how's everything going? You out in Thailand at the moment? Yeah, very well, thank you. Everything's going well. As good as training camp I've ever had, to be fair. Yeah, like what How different is it out in Thailand? Cuz I love this I love Thailand, love martial arts. It's got that sort of feeling to it. You're out in the wilderness training. Very positive over here. Obviously, you know, the weather's great, food's good, people are kind and nice. It's It's everything you need out of a training camp. I've just shat and had a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in me last 10 training camps over here, to be honest with you. So, history could have been very different if you'd gone out there sooner. Well, well, I don't know. I couldn't have done any better, could I? Let's just say that. Yeah. Well, it's Um thank god it's been a good training camp over here. No, fantastic. Look, boxing has missed you. There is no one like Tyson Fury, is there? Is it good to be back? Does it feel good? Good to be back, you know. I only came to Thailand for a Christmas holiday with me family. I was still retired when I come here. I had no intentions of making a comeback. The sunshine brought me back. Sunshine brought me back. So, so you were feeling so good you thought, I've got to fight. I was feeling so good. I thought I'm just going to go into camp here now, train over here, and get a fight. And that's exactly what I did. I had zero intentions of making a comeback when I came here in December. On the 18th of December, none. I was happily retired. And then the sunshine, a bit of training, one thing led to another. Next thing, I find I'm out in Contadero, yes. We're here. Don't mind ABOUT WITH NETFLIX. [clears throat] COME ON! NEXT MINUTE, EVERYONE on the planet and a full stadium are going to be watching you fighting. The next thing, it's at Tottenham Hotspur Stadium, and the world's going to watch it. Come on! I mean, you've headlined and sold out Spurs before. That's sensation, you know, for you being in the man in the middle of that. I mean, you must have missed that. I can't imagine what it was like, but there can't be anything like fighting in front of a full British stadium. You must have missed it. Yeah, listen, you can't beat it, can you? It's a fight over at Spurs in four years. That's the last time I fought at Tottenham. I've not been in the UK doing a fight four years. Um so, yeah, I'm looking forward to getting back there. I'm soaking up some of that atmosphere. Been good in Saudi Arabia with the fights and that, but there's nothing like a UK football stadium that gets you going. Absolutely. So, what I was going to ask what your thoughts on Makhmudov cuz he's, you know, he's a strong opponent for comeback fight, but it's It sounds so motivated. It sounds like he's in trouble. He's in trouble. Makhmudov's in trouble. Listen, he's a tough man. He's had a couple of losses like me self, and he's had a lot a lot of knockouts, 20 odd knockouts in a row. Similar kind of age. Let's throw down. May the best man win. Yeah, and it's look, it's a high, you know, it's good level, high level fight. And if Yeah, similar age, similar size, similar weight, similar record. I was world champion. He was number two in the rankings when I was WBC champion. He was one of the fights I got offered. Actually, so now we're actually doing it. So, yeah, here we go. So, you got offered him as a champion. Cuz I was going to ask why couldn't there be a world title on the line? If Rico Verhoeven can fight Usyk for the WBC belt, why couldn't there be a world title on the line for this one? Yeah, well, the amount of belts that's flying around at the minute, we might just call it the Gypsy King belt. Um Look, and I've got to to ask about AJ. I suppose glad to see him back in back in training camp. Yeah, good to see the guy back in training camp. He um He obviously had a bit of a tough time lately and all that. So, I'm just giving him space and whatever he wants to do, he can do, you know. Yeah. Well, I'm not I'm not asking you to call him out, but do you have a feeling that he's back in training, serious about fight? And if he's serious about fight, he's probably going to want that mega fight with you. Of course, of course. If I can If I can If If it's fight to be made, let's get it done, you know what I mean? Let me get Makhmudov out of the way, and we're on like Donkey Kong. So, your message to him is, you know, if he wants it, he can have it. Always been the same. Anyone can get it. Americans, Mexicans. No. Fantastic. I mean, and what do you make of him training with your, you know, you you know, another of your rivals, Usyk? What do you think of that? It won't help him. It won't help him at all. I'll punch the head off Usyk, and I'll punch the head off AJ as well. He thinks it's a sweet little child. I'm hoping he's in the corner as well. I mean, cuz I was literally going to say, look, we love Rocky movies. Imagine that. You've got AJ, Usyk in his corner, beat one, calling out the other. That's the stuff of dreams. &gt;&gt; I'll bring Lennox into my corner. There it is. Well, obviously, you're you know, you've been training yourself for this fight. Have you thought about bringing bring So, who's going to be in the corner on the night? Have you thought about bringing in someone? Uh you know, whoever's there on the night, whoever's around me. I've got a team, you know what I mean? And we're all close. Everyone's close in my team, and you know, everyone's good. It's been It's been the same team for a long time, and everything's going really well, you know. I I don't plan on changing anything. Um just looking forward to a good fight. I also think Makhmudov's in some serious bother. Yeah. And if Lennox So, if Lennox Lewis is in town, he can jump in the corner. I told Lennox last time at the press conference, if he's in town, come in the corner, baby. Fantastic. And I just also wanted to ask about, you know, the Wardley Dubois winner. Is your mind more on AJ than Usyk? Or or or is Wardley Dubois winner an option? They're all options because nothing's promised. The biggest fight for me in world boxing, and the biggest fight in the world of boxing, is me versus AJ. Yeah? Even today, even after all these years, still the biggest fight in boxing in my opinion. There's no bigger fight. After that, they would be For for me, it would be me versus Usyk or the winner of them two. The three-time world champion's pretty good. It's got a good ring to it. Yeah. A five-time world champion or the chance to knock AJ out, I'll take the chance to knock AJ out. Do you know what I mean? Because once you've won all the belts before, and which I have, that it's always nice to be a world champion, great, but it's not the be-all and end-all. I think the fans are more interested in me and Joshua in the street rather than another world title. Do you know what I mean? Well, you've got that great history like all the way back to I can't remember what year it was, but when you sparred, you got your Rolex out, put it on the side of the ring, and said, "If anyone can knock me down, they can have it." Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean, your memories of that, and is there a bit of you tempted to, you know, get another Rolex out and be like, "Come on, throw this on the Baby, who knows? It might be five Rolexes. Times have changed. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; So, I mean, how much back then for you both, you know, when you're both up and coming, times have changed so much. It's incredible what can can actually happen. It's incredible. I was just thinking about this today. It's incredible what an individual can achieve. The most unlikely individual being me self. Fat boy, clumsy, from from the north. World heavyweight champions are never from the north of England. Um unlikely unlikely unlikely champion. I've just changed me stars, changed me life, and I've did everything I ever wanted to do. I'm continuing to do it. Cuz and you still sound motivated even after after everything you've achieved. Yeah, you know, when you start out, you want to make money, you want to get a house, you want to get all them things. But, after all that, you do it because you love it. And I'm I'm in position where I do it because I love it, not because I have to do it or I choose to do it financially. I do this now because I'm in love with this game, passionately. And I've been three months out the ring having a year away, makes me even more fun, though. Well, cuz I was going to ask whether physically, psychologically, you know, coming back, getting back into full training camp, you know, has that been hard? No, it hasn't. Um I've got a special guest here. I'm going to invite him in, John. Pablo. Pops. Yo. I've got a special guest and a good friend of the show. And he can tell you how it's all going. From the horse's mouth. Hello. Oh my god, Joe, your surprise trainer is JOSEPH PARKER HIMSELF. &gt;&gt; YES! MY GUY. SO, can you repeat the question? Um how hard has it been, you know, getting back into into a full camp after after all this time out? Well, I I I had a year away from sparring completely. Didn't do any sparring since the last Usyk camp. And Joe witnessed me spar 10 rounds in me first spar back, didn't he, Joe? Listen, 10 rounds. Three fresh guys, right? Trying to beat us here. We can't I'll tell you the truth, I I've been training a little bit here and there, but the training here is very difficult and very hard. And I'm I'm very happy to be here because I managed to grow as a fighter myself, but seeing him perform in the ring against my opponent, especially when I'm You know, they call me with these jobs, saying, "What?" &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Listen, it's very good to see him, and he's in tip-top shape. I can't wait to watch him fight soon. Thank you, Joe. Fantastic. Exclusive. Exclusive. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; I love it. Thank you. Uh look, just finally from me. Yeah, so, it sounds like are you learning new things out there? Are we going to see a slightly different Tyson Fury coming back? It's not that I'm learning new things as in old You can't teach old dogs new tricks. It's just just doing what I already did, but bringing different stuff back to life what I haven't been doing of lately. Do you know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. So, it's it's not for the fact, oh, I don't know this. They've taught me something different. It's just brushing up on re-practicing stuff that I already did before in the past. I'm bringing it back to life again. You have a 37-year-old Tyson Fury can do what a 27-year-old Tyson Fury did back in the day. And so far, I'm really putting things together, honestly. And it's like we've seen over your career, we see that you can box and move with a mate great footwork for a heavyweight. We've seen against Deontay Wilder that you can go forward and put it on opponents. Are we going to What's What What style of Fury might we might we be expect to see now? I want a brutal knockout over Mahmoud so yeah, it's going to be It's going to be fun. Going to be fun.