Kind: captions Language: en to the winner by split decision from Ukraine or Alexander. [Applause] A rematch can cement the legacy of a fighter. An instant return, especially after a loss, can be exciting for some athletes, anxietyinducing for others. In boxing, the admittance of potential defeat can give a fighter the edge. When a fighter has already shared the ring with their opponent, the mind becomes harder to deceive. Even elite fighters like Yusk or Fury are going to experience every emotion under the sun over that 12week sort of camp. Coming into a fight like this, elite performance without pressure doesn't exist. Heavyweight champion. This is about Usyk versus Usyk and and Fury versus Fury. So, what I mean by that is that they both have the technical ability to win this fight. I think it's going to come down to who's able to keep it together, win the head game, and access the most of their ability on fight. Now, Tyson Fury is ready to go. A handful of seconds remaining in the round. Initially, you know, you have to make a lot of assumptions about uh your opponent in any elite sport and and that's a skill and ability in itself. Easy fight, nowhere near the biggest threat. But but yeah, once you've had that privilege to have been on the court in the ring with uh your opponent, you've got access to more data. Any surprises from Tyson Fury the first time? A lot of surprises. I think it then becomes about right who can interpret that best, who can take take the learnings and be most responsive to to that experience. I have to be a little bit more focused and a little bit more smart to get the victory. Then psychology starts to trump technique. It's no longer about get better, it's about deliver. Everyone trains their body, but only a few master their mind. Both Alexander Usyk and Tyson Fury are two of the best in the game at psychological warfare. It was all in the sauna. A few guys in there. In my mind, I was mentally in a competition with him. I was prepared. What are you talking about? I was prepared to die in that sauna before I'd got out. In sauna, people are walking in naked. So, he got out first. And what did you think of that time? Fought mental victory. Who is Tyson Fury and what personality traits does he possess? Tyson Fury is just a fascinating individual. A super extroverted guy. He's a showman. He's charismatic. He's he's entertaining. If Deontay Wilder doesn't want to commit to this uh press conference, let's me take Deontay Wilder's part. Yeah, I'm quite good at doing these roleplaying stuff. [Music] He's unpredictable. He can see between the lines. He's creative. This is to Vlad. Actually, this is a dedication to Vlad and Jonathan and B. [Music] One of the risks with that is that he can be impulsive and that's something that, you know, Usyk might look to to potentially capitalize on. How does Tyson Fury cope or process his first defeat mentally? you know, he's talked about what he did well. He's talked about the reality that, you know, split decision one point. Um, talked about how he didn't uh focus as much as he could have. For me, that's a sign that, okay, the guy's taking ownership. There's humility there. I believed that I I thought I did enough, but, you know, I'm not a judge. I can't judge a fight while I'm boxing it. He might have had a loss on his record before, but he's certainly been criticized for performances. He needs that uh adversity, urgency, and pressure to see the best of him. As it would seem, my rematch with people is um always ends up one way. I always end up knocking him out in the rematch. And McD straight back into him. An uppercut. Right hand down he goes. Has the hands beat and Mcder falls. What personality traits does Alexander Usyk possess? The complete opposite. He's introverted, right? He's very balanced. He's not rocked either way, positive or negative. Where's Alexander Rousack? The rabbits. You're next, little. You're next. I'm going to write you off. Run, rabbit, run, rabbit, run, run, run. I don't want a more more. You know what's coming. You're getting smashed to pieces of sausage. You certainly wouldn't describe him as a showman. He's he's quite literal, but a lot of yes, no answers. When you ask about his preparation, the regime, you know, he likes order, structure, discipline. I prepare for this fight for 22 years. Tyson, don't be afraid. I will I will not leave you alone. And I think that in some of those those funnier moments, it's really just something that's been lost in translation. He can't have any response cuz it's true. No, no. No. What is your message to Tyson Fury? Yes. I don't have motivation only my uh regime only my concentration this is my motivation he's been on a similar journey to to Fury in that his life's been dedicated to this sport 300 plus amateur fights you know Olympic uh gold medalist world championship at amateurs uh he's traveled the world competing at the highest level he's going to want to do himself justice and he's got that unblending finished record at this stage in his career. Uh he's not going to want want to let that slip. I think the obvious one as well is there's this symbolic representation of physical prowess to his countrymen who will be looking to him for some inspiration and morale. It's important not to read too much into some of these observations in press conferences at this level. I think both fighters, it's, you know, it's not their first rodeo. I don't think Fury is going to be upset that he's not seemed to to make him wobble. like Shrek. Alexander, if you'd like to show the uh show the please. There's an almost mythological spin to this fight. You've got um the two extreme ends of the psychological spectrum in terms of the modern warrior archetype in Usyk and Fury. You've got chaos and order. [Music] Here he is in the Fury almost represents this chaos. And then on the other hand, of course, you've got um Usyk. And Usyk's almost is this symbolic representation of order. He's stoic. He's almost robotic. People I more speak in the ring. And when chaos meets order, I think sometimes chaos has the edge. Skill alone cannot define a champion. Gaining the mental edge is paramount. When the lights come down and the crowd falls silent, all that's left is to fight. But does the unshakable mindset of the champion beat the mental fortitude of the challenger?