Kind: captions Language: en Vidal Riley, British champion in your home town, home stadium, home everything. How does that feel? You chase legitimacy. You said, "I want to be a real boxer." There can be nothing more legitimate in British boxing than the Lawndale belt. It's on your shoulder. I told you I'd do it. I told you I'd do it. Um, unanimous. Um, shout out to Chev. Tough game kept coming. That's the worst canvas to ever box on, by the way. It's slipping everywhere. But I I showed it again that I can box and I can got a bit rough in there. And I I wrote it out and I just want to shout out to all my team, shout out to my family, shout out to everyone who's supporting me because um there's always a lot of doubters. So to everyone that's always keeping faith, love and respect to you. Feel like you're always adjusting your ceiling now. English champion, British champion, and we're adjusting the levels again. Where do you want to go next? I think I don't know. You know, and now I'm British champion. I'm on a very good pedestal. Ben obviously will direct me on where to go next. We want to keep climbing. Um could win the British title outright. I don't know. I really don't know. I'm right now I'm just happy in the moment. I' I've dreamt about having this kid since this belt since I was 6 years old. And um to finally have it, it's surreal, man. Absolutely brilliant. Do you mind? Cuz I know it's a family. Can I bring your dad in, Derek? Just really quickly. He could have been making loads of money on the YouTube circuit being a household name. I know how much it means to him, but to you as well. Lonzale belt at home now for you guys to study. What an achievement. Listen, we was watching I think it was um who was it? Alex Arthur. Alex Arthur. Yeah. And and Michael Gomez. Yeah. And he sat next to me. He said, "Dad, I'm going to win the longtail belt." He said, "I'm going to be British champion." John Faxton. Ricky Hatton and John Faxton. you know, um Jamie Moore, Matthew Mlin, he watched these fights and he said, "Dad, I'm going to be a British champion." People laughed at us, used to laugh at us. But look, he's in his home. He's British champion and I'm proud of it. Yeah. What up to the whole family? Congratulations, Vid. Congratulations, D. Good to see you. One last thing, Dad. Come on, man. This is all here. Yeah, I'm not a sentimental man, but but you always played that belt. I have. Yeah. More than a world title. Sometimes my dad big got the British title. So you carry that back everyone. Well done.