Kind: captions Language: en Hello and welcome to a special boxing chat on Sky Sports season. I'm delighted to say that joined in studio by Caroline Dub, the unified lightweight champion. Apologies. I mean, you've not really had any time at all to relax and and get some sleep. &gt;&gt; No, no, no. &gt;&gt; And in truth, recover from the flu because boxing is hard enough, fighting another world champion is hard enough, but you had to do it with the flu as well. So, just &gt;&gt; bring us back down to earth. How on earth has it been the last couple of days? &gt;&gt; It's been hard. You know, like you say, it's only been a couple of days. I still feel a bit unwell. Woke up just terrible bad luck really. Woke up, had a temperature, had a bit of a fever, and I just felt horrible. But, you know, I dug deep. I I I saw it for what it was. It was a test. It was a challenge and and a way for, you know, for me to test myself. I I believe it was a test. And God was like, "Let me show you how great you are. Show yourself." And I showed myself. So, I came through that. &gt;&gt; Let's have a look. I mean, these are some of the pictures. This is the the turning point in the fight in a number of ways, that sixth round. And that is an explosion of emotion for you there. What's going through your mind at that point? &gt;&gt; Uh, no, it was it was good. I knew it was a matter of time. If if I hit her, I believed I would hurt her and I did that and I did exactly that. She was smart. She stayed away from me and um it's a shame because yeah, I felt like the fight could have been a bit more exciting. And uh I always try to give that to my fans and um yeah, I knew it was a matter of time. It was a matter of time. This is interesting though because I gather this is really the first time you've watched it back. You would have consumed a few social media clips but is this actually the first time you've seen yourself in action? &gt;&gt; I haven't seen anything honestly. I saw obviously the knockdown I think on on on you great shot. &gt;&gt; That was a great shot. &gt;&gt; What a great shot. No, I saw a few clips and uh that was it really. But um &gt;&gt; yeah, I haven't had opportunity to see anything. &gt;&gt; This was the second half of the fight. Did the first half play out a little bit differently to what you had expected? because um it was very much a feeling out process. It was very um I think the pace had slowed in the first half which maybe helped her a little bit. Um was that &gt;&gt; what you expected or was it a slightly different approach from her as well? &gt;&gt; I thought she was going to be braver and more game and try to win the fight. You know, at the end of the day, she is a former free world champion. She's been in with girls way more experienced than me, way more at a high level uh on paper and I thought she would use that as as a confidence booster. Like I've been here, I've got nothing to lose. like she truly had nothing to lose and and I had hoped she would come and give me more of a fight, but you know, she played it smart and it was up to me to to chase the fight and I had to do that. &gt;&gt; May I ask you just about the fight week build up because the clips across our social media, I've told you off air, I'll tell you on air as well, the uh the battle of the elbows and the pushing and the pulling. The clip that we filmed down at Olympia is the second most watched clip in Sky Sports Instagram history. Over 20 million people have viewed that. Do you think it shows actually if you have the right dance partner and the interest in women's sport is high at the moment that actually it can captivate uh the audience which it obviously did. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, for sure. I think boxing is one of the most exciting sports in the world. And maybe I'm biased, but that's just how I feel. And when you see a good boxing rivalry, there's nothing like it. And it it gets people's attention. And I have the opportunity to be involved in a lot of rivalries. And I want to make the most of it. I'm never going to be someone who who's afraid to go out there and and give my personality and say how I feel. And by doing that, I think it will always attract more more fans. &gt;&gt; Okay. Well, uh, talking of rivalries, very interesting actually, because there's lots more to talk about from that all action bill, the MVP MVP bill I'm talking about. But first, we must introduce our next guest, a former team GB teammate of Caroline who celebrated a victory last weekend. Welcome to the show, Lauren Price. Lauren, uh, great to see you. Um, I mean a few bumps and a few bruises, a tough night in Cardiff, maybe a little bit tougher than you expected, but still retaining your title and on to bigger and better things and a certain Clarissa Shields who was there in Cardiff to greet you at the at the final bell. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, what a fight. Um, grateful for my opponent Stephanie. Um, for me, you know, it was a mandre defense. Um, and it was a fight I really enjoyed. Obviously picked up an injury. I think it was in the fourth or fifth round where I split my mouth open inside. I got 14 stitches inside my mouth and yeah, it was a tough test, but I thought, you know, um it looked a lot worse than what it was as well. Obviously, me wearing white didn't go to plan. Um but um yeah, I mean I thought I boxed really well and enjoyed myself in there in front of my own fans. What a crowd and the Welsh fan, you know, the fan base is getting bigger and bigger and it's exciting. Yeah, it came across on TV like that. It's interesting because Stacy Copelan was working on the broadcast and she was working with us uh the following night. She said, "Oh, I caught up with Lauren afterwards and it was just like a little tiny paper cut in her mouth." But it's funny that you say 14 stitches. To us mere mortals, that is quite a serious injury and perhaps you did well to navigate that as well as the swelling that was over the the cut on your eye as well. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So when they I actually went to hospital, they opened it up. Um when they looked inside, the cut was like literally from this side all the way to the middle. And yeah, I've had to have a stitch, but it understands why there was so much blood. Um but as you know, obviously adrenaline running getting up and down off the stool. Um yeah, I mean I think the commentary said I'd broke my jaw. I hadn't broke my jaw. It was just obviously a cut that I had was quite deep. And uh thankfully, you know, I'm stitched up now and recovering, ready to go again. &gt;&gt; Ready to go again. But let's be honest, is there not more important pressing matters at hand? So, you get married next month to your partner. There's some shots of her at ringside. I'm sure she was looking at the cuts thinking, are these wedding photos going to be what we had hoped and dreamed of? Are you confident that all the swelling is going to have gone down by the by the time you get to the special day? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, mad story really. So, I meant to have my hen next weekend, but I cancelled that and um I think it's for the safe, you know, obviously a mouthful of stitches. But yeah, I'm not getting married until the end of May. So, I think I've got enough time for the stitches to dissolve and you know, a few cuts and bumps that I'm sure we'll sort this out and I'll be back to normal. So, &gt;&gt; yeah, I mean, you look at they look like they're going down already to be honest. But, uh let's talk about the end of the fight. So, it was great to see a step forward by Clarissa Shield. you took the time to fly over here, not just to support Caroline, but to come and come down to Cardiff and try and make a fight with you. Uh what are the plans now? What are uh the chances that that fight can be made? Because she was very clear that she wants to fight you and you want to fight her, but at a weight that suits her, which she said you're going to have to come up to 160. So that would be two weight divisions for you. Uh can you do it? Uh and can you do it and retain the the skills that you've got at 147? &gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. you know, I've boxed obviously, as you know, I've won the Olympic gold medal at middleweight, but I think, you know, it makes for a great fight. It's someone who I respect massively. You know, she's for me, she's the best. And, you know, to be the best, you got to beat the best. And I'd love to share the ring with her. And I'm at a point now in my career where I'm chasing the legacy fights. And I think, you know, accolades in itself, what I've achieved and what closer shield, it makes for a great fight. And like I said to her on Saturday night, you know, I'm happy to come to the the US and you know, let's do a twoight deal and she come back to Cardiff. &gt;&gt; I wonder if she was sat ringside. I I saw her give some quotes to the BBC where she was like, if I had fought Lauren Price tonight on that performance, I would have beaten her. Do you think that actually we've seen this in previous uh examples where even if you didn't have your best night at the office even though you boxed very very well but with the injuries uh that that may well give Clarissa some I don't want to say false hope because that's simply not true. She's the the quote but that she will have based you off that performance where you know deep down that you can be better and raise your game. &gt;&gt; Um if anything no not really. I think I surprised her in the way I moved and how I showed another side of my game in terms of yeah, we all know I'm a great boxer, but also I had to bike down. Um, and I have a fight as well. And I think obviously we seen another side of my toughness in this. So, it's quite funny you say that because when she stood, you know, toe to toe, you know, at the face off in the ring for me, she was very respectful, but then obviously backstage she said otherwise. But um you know I'm not going to look into that too much. At the end of the day it makes for a great fight and it's a fight that I believe that you know it'll bring the best out of me and that my level will rise again and I honestly believe that I can win as well. So you have to believe believe in yourself in this game and I fully have belief in me. Rob has belief in me and I'm sure you know I'll uh I'll be back in camp next week. I'm going up to see him to sort things out. Yeah, &gt;&gt; and I thought that definitely happen this year. &gt;&gt; I hope so. I mean, if we could get double that home and away leg, what a what a rivalry that would be. I've got Caroline Dubois in studio with me and you two are old team GB teammates, but it was a brilliant weekend, not just on Sky was uh across different platforms for the two of you uh representing yourselves perfectly. I wonder if you do have a message for each other. It was great to see Lauren uh come through that test, a test that we haven't really seen her in before, but also yourself to excel as well. You know, it just shows that the the seeds that were planted a long time ago uh are grown into very strong trees now in the two of you. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I appreciate that. No, Lauren had a really solid performance. I think it's so good to see when you see solid performance, your peers are getting on and when I see Lauren Olympic champion, getting on what she's doing, it's it's really inspiring to see. And I think British boxing needs it needs faces and it needs people that can help push the sport. And Lauren is a massive massive ambassador for Welsh and Welsh boxing and her and and all the other champions. It's so good to see and I just love watching her fights. I've tuned in and if she fights that Kusha Shields, if she fights Kush Shields, of course, I'll be tuning in again. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And Lauren, I don't know. I hope that you were resting uh with some bakery items and whatever else you wanted to consume, but did you see any of Caroline's fight at the weekend? I did. Yeah. And I also want to say, you know, I messaged Caroline beforehand, um, wishing her all the best and I knew, you know, she'd come through that with flying colors and I just want to say a massive congratulations as well, champ. Um, you know, massive teammate for my obviously we sparred and, you know, I'm always there supporting her as well. And I thought she put on a yeah, great performance and as we seen after, you know, as soon as she um caught Arpa with that backand down the pipe, um we seen her go through the gears and yeah, I was impressed with her performance and you know, she's going to go all the way. &gt;&gt; Thank you. Thank you. &gt;&gt; You didn't actually need me for this. That was brilliant. We could we should have just done this whole segment with you two talking to each other. But I will say this from someone in a complete neutral se neutral seat. Brilliant. both of you flying the flag for not just women's sport, not just women's boxing, but boxing in general. Two brilliant athletes who did really, really well. So, thank you Lauren and uh we'll stick with Caroline here in the studio. &gt;&gt; Thank you very much. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; I mean, that is a fight that I'm really looking forward to. It's interesting because let's let's have it right. Clarissa is probably your biggest supporter, your mentor in a number of ways, uh someone that's aligned themselves with you. That will be quite difficult for you because there will be a little bit of split loyalty there. I May I ask you for a prediction or is that a little bit unfair? It is unfair, isn't it? It &gt;&gt; is a little unfair, but no, I think &gt;&gt; Oh, we still on? &gt;&gt; We are still on. We are still on. Sorry. &gt;&gt; Oh my god. &gt;&gt; We haven't got rid of you yet. We haven't got rid of you yet. &gt;&gt; Oh, my bad. My bad. Um, no, I think it's a great fight. I think um Ker Shields and and uh Lauren Price is a phenomenal fight. I like I said, I'm a massive advocate of boxing. I would love to be there and uh yeah, I can't say who I think will win the fight. I think if you know me, you know who I'll be backing and who I'll be supporting and who I want to see win the fight. But at the end of the day, women's box and women's boxing wins and I love the fight. &gt;&gt; What's amazing about that is that you thought we were off air and you were still very diplomatic and still very very &gt;&gt; gracious. I was like, okay, are we doing this? &gt;&gt; That could have that's how live TV can go badly wrong, but you you were fine. May I ask you um just before we talk about future opponents for you, just a a quick couple on on who else was on the card. Ellie Scotney, your your gym mate, became the youngest uh undisputed champion from the UK, male or female um in the full bell era to train alongside alongside her and see a gym mate do that. You see more than what we see what a fighter has to go through in camp and things like that to do what she did in a firefight against this brilliant pocket rocket in my Flores. I actually had to say she didn't get any love on the scorecards. Flores 100 to 90 didn't tell the story of the fight at all, but &gt;&gt; to see Ellie do that, you know, I wonder if you could just give us a word on that. &gt;&gt; No, obviously I was backstage, so I never had a chance to watch the fight. I haven't watched it back yet, but just from the the action scenes we can see here, I could tell it was an exciting fight. Um, I knew how tough Lawrence was coming into this fight, and I'm sure Ellie knew as well. the team would have prepared, everyone would have prepared and um yeah, Ellie performed out of her skin and this is it. This is this is what she's worked for since turning professional. She's achieved it. She's achieved undisputed world champion and it's not something that everyone can do. She's done it &gt;&gt; from a neutral perspective. Uh we saw Chantel Cameron become a two-weight world champion over three minute rounds, which was a very good contest to watch, it has to be said. But after the fight, uh we had like a faceoff between her and Michaela Mayer. So Michaela Mayer holds the belt at the weight below as well. So some negotiations to be had about where, when, and at what weight that fight happens. But Chantel Cameron against Michaela Mayer again stylewise is just a great fight. You would think &gt;&gt; action packed. Action packed. I love that fight. Um again, another great fight for women's boxing. Shantel is a all aggressive, come forward, non-stop fighter. Shant Michaela Mayer. She's got a little bit more more skill, I think, but again, action-packed, aggressive. I think it makes for a great fight. I'm really interested to see how that fight goes. I honestly I couldn't pick I couldn't pick a winner. And uh &gt;&gt; that's the beauty of it, though, isn't it? When you can't pick 50-50 fights where there's no there's no 50/50 guaranteed winner, and I love that fight. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, you could sap, and this is where you're going to jump across the table and knock me out, but you could say that about you and Alicia Balgartner, that as a neutral, you don't know who could win that fight. So, you've been given plenty of names to talk about throughout um, you know, the debrief from fight night. Alicia Bgartner who debrief was at 1:30. You and her seem to be on this collision course. Fair to say you don't enjoy each other's company and you don't see eye to eye to eye at all, but you also have two other champions in your division and Nika Bedarian did mention Katy Taylor uh at the end of the fight. So my question to you is which way do you want to go and who against? &gt;&gt; It's a hard one because obviously Katy Taylor's uh one of the biggest fights in women's boxing. She's a legend and &gt;&gt; she's only got one left. &gt;&gt; She's only got one left and who you know who honestly would say they would turn a fight down. uh given the opportunity, I think I'll take it with, you know, you don't even have to ask me. Just give me the paper and I'll sign it. But um I don't know how realistic that is. So I look elsewhere. I look at what is more realistic. I think the Alysa fight is a massive fight. I know she's running from that fight, but it is a big fight. And I know that there's going to be people around her that are just not going to let her get away with it. They're not going to let her get away with calling out Cres Shields at what 147 154 and you're afraid to move up 5 pounds. they're not going to get let her get away with claiming to be the best and you're calling out Tiara Brown is the weight below you, but you don't want to move up and fight a dangerous fighter in yourself. So, um I just think that hopefully people hold her accountable to what she says and who she tries to portray to be. In the meantime, of course, I'm going to continue to push on and chase the biggest fights possible. I want to unify again. Um Alif is a great fight and I love that fight. Yes, that would be Alif Nuhan, uh the Turkish fighter who holds the IBF. Not to prod you any further, but since we've been on air, uh then also earlier this morning, Alicia Barta did release a video and she said some of the things um I want to put her in the dirt. She's a seale fighter that basically Caroline's looking to build her name off of mine. It's not the fight to make here in the States. It's not her. She's not on my level. Not my words to make that absolutely clear, but do you have any response to any of that? &gt;&gt; I think she's, as they say, you know, she's just capping, you know, she's she's just trying to she's contradicting herself. She says she want to put me in the dirt. She wants to she's not on my level, but then you're saying you don't want the fight. You're saying that it shouldn't happen now and it's not a big fight, but yet if you if you look at Alysia Van Gardner, what's the name associated to her? It's Karen Dwis and vice versa. I think we alternatively are each other's biggest names. Nobody's interested in in Alysia fighting nobody else. I'm not saying there's no other good fights for her, but the name that is progressively progressively repeating itself is car Caroline Dwis versus Alysia Bamana. I think that speaks for itself. Who does the boxing world want to see? They want to see Karen Dwis fight Alysia Bam. It's the biggest fight in women's boxing. The only one stopping it from and preventing it from happening is Alysia Bam. You tell me why that is. I'd say it's cuz she's a coward &gt;&gt; or because she's got Bowie Ray Shin as well, your old opponent on the 17th. If she comes through that, the message to Nikisa Bedarian is get Caroline on the PL plane there. Get her ringside and all hell will break loose. You know, I don't want to push you in that direction, but Nikisa, get her on the plane. Get her ringside and let's see what happens. That is all we've got time for. So, thank you so much for coming on, especially when you've been feeling under the weather. Thank you as well to Lauren Price who took the time out to speak to us. Don't forget to download the latest episode of Toeto toe, our boxing podcast, wherever you usually get your boxing podcast