Kind: captions Language: en Major breaking news. Anthony Joshua will fight Jake Paul on December the 19th &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; in Miami. Yes, it's really happening. Jake Paul will face the two-time unified heavyweight world champion Anthony Joshua on Friday, December the 19th in Miami, Florida. It's going to be an eight-round fight with 3-minute rounds and 10-oz gloves. It's Joshua's first fight since being knocked out by Daniel Dubois in September last year. Jake Paul won a unanimous decision against veteran Julio Cesar Chavez Jr. earlier this year. Well, Jake Paul said this, "A professional heavyweight fight against an elite world champion in his prime. When I beat Anthony Joshua, every doubt disappears and no one can deny me the opportunity to fight for a world title. To all my haters, this is what you wanted. To the people of the United Kingdom, I am sorry." Well, Joshua has said this, "Jake or anyone can get this work. No mercy. I took some time out and I'm coming back with a mega show. It's a big opportunity for me, whether you like it or not. I'm here to do massive numbers, have big fights and break every record whilst keeping cool, calm and collected. Mark my words, you'll see a lot more fighters take these opportunities in the future. I'm about to break the internet over Jake Paul's face. There will be a kickoff news conference this Friday in Miami." Yeah, we can't wait and we will bring you the best bits of that on Sky Sports News. You can find out on our app. Those details and for instant reaction, I'm delighted to say that I'm joined by Nakisa Bidar mean the chief executive of the most valuable promotions who represent Jake Paul. Wow. Well, we sort of knew it was coming, didn't we? But a professional heavyweight fight against an elite world champion in his prime. When I beat Joshua, everything disappears. I mean, it's all built up so beautifully, isn't it? It's it's an incredible day. Jake thought of this in March of this year and said, "I want to fight Anthony Joshua." People laughed then. I was here at Sky Sports in July. The question was asked, "Do you see this happening?" And our plan was to do this in March, April of '26. Plans changed. And Jake stood up and said, "I want to face Joshua now." So, it's Jake versus Joshua, Judgment Day, Friday, December 19th from Miami live on Netflix globally. Can I ask you about that, Jake? Did he demand to go first? I think it was just fitting, right? Jake just had the biggest event in history last year in terms of streaming viewership, 125 million viewers. Joshua's been out for over a year and a half. So, our platform, which is Netflix, our company, Most Valuable Promotions, Jake versus Joshua. Joshua has of course 28 wins, 25 of them have been knockouts. How dangerous is this for Paul? This is a more dangerous fight than Gervonta "Tank" Davis, but it's a more winnable fight than Gervonta "Tank" Davis. Gervonta was small, fast, super skilled. Joshua is big, heavy puncher, but not as evasive. So, I think if Jake has the right game plan, he has a pretty good shot of winning this fight. Paul's got the one loss on his record to to Tommy Fury. Joshua though, you know, to well, just before he's he's a top a whole different ballgame, isn't he? Does he really believe he can shock the world? I mean, from the statement, he's already apologizing to the people of the United Kingdom, isn't he? I think look, you have to look at the experience that Jake has gained in the five years he's been in the sport. To be in your 12th or 13th fight in front of 80,000 people at AT&amp;T Stadium in front of 125 million viewers, that's not experience you can gain normally. So, he's going to go into that event very calm and very composed. And I fully believe that he does 100% think he's going to beat Anthony Joshua, yes. And what about the weight? Will there be a limit for Joshua? So, there's a lot of discussion around the weight. Joshua fought Usyk twice. Both of those times Usyk was 221 lbs. Joshua was 240 to 245. When Jake fought Mike Tyson last year, 227 lbs. I expect Jake will come in anywhere between 225 and 230. And Anthony Joshua has a weight limit of 245 lbs. There will be those, as you're aware, that will look at it and criticize this fight. They already have been, haven't they? They'll say it's a real mismatch. What would you say to them? Are we going to be watching sport at its purest? I would say it's much less of a mismatch than what you saw with AJ and Francis Ngannou, who a massive man, but relatively no boxing experience. I would say it's much less of a mismatch than AJ's ninth or 10th fight against guys who've been knocked out 20 to 25 times. Given AJ's pedigree, Jake is built for this. Jake is built for the big moments. So, do I think it's dangerous for Jake Paul? Absolutely. Do I think it's also dangerous for Anthony Joshua? 100%. I mean, we're just watching some of these punches being thrown now. Can he Can he take something like that, Jake Paul? Alexander Usyk took it, right? I think that was a perfect one-two combination by Joshua again on a fairly stationary fighter in Francis Ngannou, who had a good performance against Tyson Fury. But I don't think Tyson Fury took that fight serious for 1 second until he was knocked down. You're standing here today, you know, you talked about coming in here and admitting this back in July. We never get to to be in that room. What were the negotiations like? How do you pull something like this together? One, having incredible partners like Netflix, like DAZN. Two, a willing fighter like Jake Paul and Anthony Joshua. The two of them spoke about this back in March and said, "We want to do this." So, when the opportunity arose, they were the ones that drove the conversation to say, "Yes, we want to do this for boxing." Our biggest priority wasn't Jake Paul getting a fight. Our biggest priority was the other fighters on the card who'd been training hard for this massive moment. And that's what we put together. And then Matchroom and Eddie Hearn were great partners throughout the process. And talk to us about Jake Paul's preparations. I mean, it's it's a quick turnaround, isn't it? What does that look like for him? What sort of team is he assembling? Who's he going to Who's he going to spar against? Who's going to be in his corner? Those sort of things you must all have ready and wearing to go. &gt;&gt; at it. He was fighting Mike Tyson, he was going to fight at heavyweight. That fight got postponed, he went down to cruiserweight. Here, he was looking to lose weight to 195 lbs to fight Gervonta Davis. Now, on 6 weeks' notice, 4 weeks this Friday, he's going to have to get up to heavyweight. But it's something that he's used to doing. And when you look at the cruiserweight to heavyweight division, Usyk being the perfect example, common for cruiserweights to step up into heavyweight. But in terms of people to spar with, who's going to be in his corner? Same team that's been in his corner the entire time, right? Jake lives out of Puerto Rico, has a purpose-built facility there that he trains in 5 days of the week. So, that team is just assembling different sparring partners than they were for Gervonta "Tank" Davis. We know that undoubtedly these two are the headline, but what else can we expect that night on the 19th? Sure, most of the fights that we'd announced for the Tank fight will stay on this card, the biggest being the co-main event, which is Alicia Baumgardner who fought on Sky in 2022 as the co-main versus Mikaela Mayer. She's fighting Leila Beaudoin. That is a 12 * 3 fight. So, these two women are doing men's rules, men's rounds, men's minutes. And as you stand here now, what, 6 weeks out, do you honestly believe he can do it? Because if he does, this shakes up the whole sport of boxing, doesn't it? There's a lot of plans for 2026 for Anthony Joshua. Jake's role is to play the foil in those plans and his delusional confidence gives him a best shot of doing it. Is that a yes then? Absolutely. Just checking. Brilliant. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Thank you, yeah. Appreciate it.