Kind: captions Language: en I'm here at Mansion House, the home of the Lord Mayor of London. As you can see behind me is a boxing ring, which is slightly unusual for this venue, but someone who knows a little bit about boxing and preparing for fights is British boxing legend Lennox Lewis, of course. Lennox, is this your first time to Mansion House and what have you made of it so far? Uh first time, it's a nice place, vast, big, a lot of history here, and uh nice rooms. And the Lord Mayor of London, he is training, which is awesome. What tips will you be giving him today? Well, you know, I'm a future the specialist, and my specialty is my jab, so I want to see how good his jab is. And what are you going to do in the ring? What What are you going to do in the session? What's the plan? Well, we're going to I'm going to hold the pads and obviously, you know, uh make him throw some combinations and correct him if he's doing them wrong. Okay. And just wider boxing as well, I wanted to ask you. Um someone who has become undisputed heavyweight champion, you know what it takes. Oleksandr Usyk, what do you advise him for the future? How many more fights do you think he'll have? Um and when do you think it'll be the right time for him to step away? Good question. I mean, when a guy retires, it's really down to him. He's got to feel that push that he wants to retire, but um he can teach a lot of young boxers a lot of different things, you know, uh dedication, hard work, sacrifice, because he's been through that. So, I would say to him, you know, retire at your own time, but retire on top like I did. I love that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. How hard is it to become undisputed heavyweight champion? Is it the hardest thing to do in the sport, and what makes it so tough? Uh great question again. Yeah, um it's definitely the hardest thing to do because uh you basically want to be the best in boxing and take all the belts for yourself and be the number one guy. And there's always other boxers out there that don't want you to achieve that. So, they're, you know, standing by, they want to beat you, they want they want to be the first guy to beat you, so or the first boxer to beat you, so that's why you got to make sure that you retire on top. How do you think Usyk would have fared in your era, Lennox? I think he would have fared really good because he's doing something Evander Holyfield did. And uh you know, he at in this era, he basically of he's beaten all the big guys and all the guys that you know, were in front of him, so he's done a great job. Obviously, we had the We heard the very sad news of Ricky Hatton passing, someone who was close to you. What would be some of three words that you would describe Ricky as a person, as a professional fighter? Uh great guy at heart, had passion, and he was he was always uh serious when he, you know, he wanted that goal, he wanted to win all the time, so he was a fighter. Um and just lastly, next month sees the 50th anniversary of the Thriller in Manila and the 51st anniversary of the Rumble in the Jumble Jungle. What did Muhammad Ali and those fights particularly mean to you? Well, Mom, I was really excited anytime Muhammad Ali Ali fought because he always did the the shoe shuffle, the shine, or the rope-a-dope. So, if he didn't do the shoe shine or the uh rope-a-dope or do something, I would dis- was disappointed. I was always looking forward to that. Okay. Well, it's been great to chat to you, Lennox. Uh it's time now, I think, for you to get in the ring with the Lord Mayor of London for a little bit of sparring. We look forward to it. &gt;&gt; Let's go. Let's