Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to Latem where we have a very special guest the problem child Jake Paul has flown into town because boxing is back on Sky Sports Easter Sunday it's a double header it's Terry Harper and Caroline Dubois and Ellie Scotney against Mayeli Flores promoted for the first time ever in the UK by MVP your brainchild Jake I mean it must be a real significant moment to have come this far MVP's first ever show in the UK how does that sound? Yeah no it's it's really good we love Sky Sports and obviously my boxing career started in the UK in Manchester so it feels good to come back home and and we love it here we love the the British fighters and we got two superstars behind us ready for for April [snorts] 5th and it's going to be a great event. Yeah you've got your promoting hat on now when you started this MVP venture was that always the goal to get to new territories? Yeah I mean I I always have the the highest of ambitions for all my ventures and for myself and so obviously boxing is so massive in the UK and so this is a territory where we've always wanted to come and and make a big impact and I have a business partner in Nakisa who's just as ambitious as myself and it's it's good to be here and and stepping on uh Eddie's feet. The two superstars behind you firstly Ellie Scotney you know her very very well but also Caroline Dubois just in the corner of the ring there. Part of MVP's roster you've got a lot of UK based talent now. Yeah 100% and and you know this is where where boxing you know really is the most alive and so this is a market where we're going to play and we're going to continue to to grow here and sign more fighters and and build the future superstars out of the UK. I think one of your philosophies in terms of your your venture into boxing as a fighter was to be a bit of a disruptive influence what does MVP bring to the table in doing something different to the old guard would you say that you are bringing to the table? Yeah no I would say that we're content and media first right this is like everything everyone has a phone everyone has Instagram everyone has TikTok and so naturally I I have the the biggest following as a promoter and that leads us to being able to promote fighters and events on a on the biggest platform in boxing. And I think we are always fighter first pushing for more pay pushing for women and that's why we've been so successful and we don't need the money me and Nakisa we have other ventures he was you know rich from before so is I and so that really lends us to be able to treat the fighters the best as possible I think that's what differentiates us. May I ask you about the fight fans you fought in front of them a very knowledgeable and passionate crowd um what would you give as your message to why people should come along to this first MVP show what's your rallying cry to the UK public? You know I mean I would just say that we're always putting on the the best events the best production the most fun great match-ups we don't put easy fights on the cards and always trying to stack it as much as possible and the these women are just absolutely incredible and I argue often that women's boxing is way more entertaining than some of these men's fights that get super boring and just become a chess match and go on for 12 rounds without anything really happening the these women are going full blast and have a lot more to prove and that's why I love women's boxing. Last one before I let you go it's great to see you looking so well again and the jaw all healed up. Will we see you in a professional ring again if so when and against who who is your number one target you would say? Yeah no I I mean I'm definitely going to keep on fighting we will see how the jaw continues to heal up. I would say you know there's a long list of opponents I think most recently Francis Ngannou was talking a lot of smack I think that's a easy fight for me I think he's a terrible boxer and maybe want to go back up to to heavyweight and knock him out like like Joshua did and render him unconscious and he knows I lasted longer than him against Joshua and didn't get put out so I think he maybe wouldn't do the fight because I think deep down he wouldn't want would not want to get embarrassed so to me that's a fun one on the list. What a way to end the interview that's going big but I think MVP is a promotional outfit they're aiming to go even bigger that starts on Sky Sports Easter Sunday so Sunday April 5th the date Theodore come and join us then Jake Paul MVP we're looking forward to it.