Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to our weekly boxing chat. I'm Andy Scott. I'm joined in the studio today by WBC silver heavyweight champion Lawrence Akulli, former undisputed super lightweight champion Shantel Cameron. Thank you to both of you for coming in today. Uh Chantel, if you don't mind, I'm going to go to Lawrence first. And that is not because of the sling that he's wearing, although we will come to that. Uh you boxed at the weekend and you won. So congratulations unanimous decision win over Kevin Lraena who can be tricky and a problem uh on his night but you came through without any major injuries other than a ruptured bicep that requires surgery. So ups and downs. How do you feel that you uh performed on the night? &gt;&gt; Oh, you know I felt good with um the win. He's a tough guy, the current world champion. So it was good to get in there and win despite injury because I could have got this and lost. So, thank goodness I I got the W. &gt;&gt; Yeah. The reason I phrased it like that is because &gt;&gt; it didn't seem to affect you obviously on the night. Uh you told us on the podcast that it happened as early as the second punch in the first round. &gt;&gt; Um &gt;&gt; Oh, I can see it. &gt;&gt; What is now the prognosis? &gt;&gt; Uh well, you know, ultimately when you're in a fight, the adrenaline gets you through your game plan, your coach kind of gets you through. So, I just focus on doing whatever it takes to get the win. I'll live to fight another day. um and you know maintain my number one ranking. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So we're expecting a period out of the ring now unfortunately but when you come back you're right in the mix uh you would say obviously a lot depends on what the main man Alexander Usyk is going to do with all the belts but below that you're all now in this chasing pack of Moses Tama Dillian White who who meet each other Derek Chazora Agit Cabayel Fabio Wardley Martin Bakoli Justice Honey there's many many more where do you fit in that mix do you think &gt;&gt; as you said all of those fights are good fights I You know, UziK right now has got all the belts, but he's also 38 and might have one, maybe two more fights left. So, that's going to make all the belts bacon. So, every name you said then could be a potential world title fight. So, you got to keep your eyes on everyone and no one at the same time. And then whenever the opportunity comes, you know, aim to grab with both hands. &gt;&gt; Can I tease a headline out of you? Who would you most like to fight? Um well currently out of those it would be um Cabay because he's he's the only person higher ranked than me with the WBC. Outside of that probably Fabio Wley. &gt;&gt; Okay. And you confident that you beat those two? &gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely. Um I think um both of those for different reasons, but I do I mean the Fabio Wardy one, the reason why that one's interesting is cuz he's a British fighter. He's I think 20 and0 19 KOs. He's uh explosive. if he's a it's a it's it's a fight where I have to be at my absolute best to to to to win and um I like that one. But then if you talk about world titles, Cabay who's obviously probably in everyone's mind the top three um heavyweight in the world. So those are the ones. &gt;&gt; Okay, I think we got a headline out of that. Definitely. That's very impressive. Um at this point in the show, we were hoping to hear from Shakur Stevenson. So apologies for uh teasing that. We haven't been able to reach him, unfortunately. So if you if this message makes its way to Shakur, please come on next week if you can. Um Chantel, I'm going to bring you in. Uh I think we were all watching at the weekend. Lawrence was obviously boxing on the undercard, but &gt;&gt; Alexander Usyk for you. Does he now cement his legacy as one of the best to ever do it? Undisputed heavyweight champion again. Threetime heavyweight, threetime undisputed champion. I mean, unbelievable really. &gt;&gt; Yeah, without a doubt. He's special. And um what a time for heavyweight boxing as well. But yeah, he's definitely going down as a great &gt;&gt; Do you think um not even do you think, but were you surprised at how good he was this time round? Obviously, it's a rematch and he's the master of rematches, but all of that being said, he he was almost faultless on the night. &gt;&gt; I wouldn't say surprised because he's one of my favorite boxers and uh he is a great and his boxing IQ is is unbelievable. So, no, I wouldn't say I was surprised. I think he's he's just special and he's a very very hard man to beat. &gt;&gt; May I ask you Lawrence? Um there's plenty coming out, isn't there? I actually watched you on Talk Sport yesterday where it first emerged about party gate and the fact that there was a party um at the Dubois household on the day of the fight. Uh Don Charles has come out since and said well you know if you're going to pick holes in it we had a party before AJ and it it it brought out the best in AJ in Dub and he took that into the dressing room. Uh still are you surprised? &gt;&gt; Yeah I'm surprised only because um of what I know of Dan. Me and him are not the closest of friends but you know I I I I kind of see it as um that's not it doesn't match his personality. He's not like a extremely sociable person. And I mean, not that he's a bad guy, but he's not sociable like that. And on a day on a fight, so important. You want everything to be tuned into the fight. But they said it worked for them in a fight before. You know, unfortunately, when you do lose, it opens up whatever you've done to criticism. So when you when you do it and you're winning, no one can say anything. You do it and you lose. We got to look into it. So that that's all. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Very well put. Who would you like to see in box next? And and can I put it to you quite bluntly? Is he one of the best heavyweights of all time or one of the best fighters of all time? which who would I like to seek box next? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um &gt;&gt; I kind of want him to stop. Personally, that's maybe selfishly. He's got all the belts, everything weights um on his move and prove nothing. He deserves it. I mean, I'm talking from amateurs to cruiser. I've been watching him for you know over a decade and um I think it's time. You know, you're 38. I would hate to see someone beat him based on age or anything like that. Um, and also you need to give everyone else opportunities to start boxing for world titles now. So, &gt;&gt; like yourself. &gt;&gt; Yeah, like myself. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Well said. Uh, Chantel, is there anyone that you would like to see him box before he calls it a day or are you happy that he's completed it? &gt;&gt; I think he's completed it. He has nothing to prove and I think what a way to bow out as well. &gt;&gt; Yeah, very well said. Um, may we shift our focus on to you. &gt;&gt; So, uh, congratulations boxed very, very recently over in Madison Square Garden. not without its issues cuz you had some passport drama uh which I've been through myself. Incredibly stressful when you're waiting for it to come back from the embassy but you made it uh and beat Jessica Kamara um at a caner. What was the whole experience like boxing under MVP uh at Madison Square Garden New York? &gt;&gt; I'd like to say it was unbelievable but I think the buildup to it was uh certainly different. I think turned up the day before the weigh in and everything was just like a whirlwind. I was just happy to be there and glad to be able to get in the ring after the stressful week I had especially down in London for three days waiting for a passport. &gt;&gt; Missed my flight on the Friday and I didn't know if I was going to get there or not. And I kept on saying to my manager saying Monday is the last day. I'm not flying out of this after Monday. Monday will come, then it'll be Tuesday, then it'll be Wednesday. And I think he kind of knew that I was going to get there somehow. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; But I just kept on phone the plan thinking I'm not getting there. I'm going to have to call this uh quits now. But I made sure I got there in the end. &gt;&gt; What next for you? Because the obvious one, and I encourage everyone to listen to the Toeto toe podcast later today, you know, you've made it clear in the past that it's one- one between you and Katie Taylor. She's just completed her trilogy that topped the bill in Madison Square Garden. Um, &gt;&gt; she threw a few barbs your way though in the in her post press conference, didn't she? She said she's made you more money than you deserve. Uh, what is your response to that and and what are your chances of getting her back in the ring for the trilogy? So I think yeah it was a bit distasteful and someone was a bit shocked coming out of Katie's mouth especially she's such a good role model for female boxing and comments like that bringing up money and is it about popularity is about legacy because one minute she's boxing for legacy and we're one- one so the legacy fight would be me because it's unfinished business but then is it about popularity and worrying about me selling tickets when when we bought in Ireland there was no issue there even said at the press conference I was the second biggest ticket seller. So, it's just a bit hypocr hypocritical and a bit like just stop making excuses. Either fight me or don't, but don't get don't get rude with it either. &gt;&gt; At the same time, obviously your career path doesn't, you know, depend on what Katy Taylor does. There are other options. I've seen you've been making friends with Michaela Mayer on social media. Um, &gt;&gt; and the Holly Holm fight is something that interests you. But if you had to pick of those three, would it be Katie Taylor? for as the fighter that I am and I think I hold myself with a lot of pride in that as well. I want to settle the score. It's 1-1. I can't say that I'm better than Katie. Katie can't say she's better than me. So, I want to settle the score with Katie, but I know that she doesn't want that. Her Katie and her team ain't keen on the trilogy. So, I'm also accept accepting that. And there is other fights for me, but that is the fight that I would like just to and just to finish it off and see who the better five is, which I know is me. &gt;&gt; You're with Steven Smith now as a trainer. Just a quick word on him. It's his 40th birthday today. So from everyone at Sky Sports, happy birthday to Swifty. Steven Smith. Um, new sort of early part of that relationship, but what is he doing uh and getting out of you that perhaps others weren't or that what has he developed? &gt;&gt; He's amazing. He's the best trainer I've ever worked with. And that's not throwing shade at anyone, but he is. He He gives me everything. He's the full package. Um, he's definitely giving me my confidence. He's helping my confidence. I feel like he's making me is letting me be me. So, my strengths are, my work rate, my come forward, but he's making it a bit cuter where he's very technical and he's letting me do what I enjoy doing, but just tidying me up a bit. And again, it was our first fight together and I feel like there's so much so much more to come. But I think it's his investment in me where he really gives me the time and he um he's very passionate and I think that's what I need in a trainer and we get along so well as well. He's always a laugh in the gym and I like that. I think that's important for me as boxing is a hard enough sport. You don't need to just be turning up to the gym because it's a day job where you want to be going to the gym because you want to be there. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And what is it? A happy fighter is a dangerous fighter. I don't like saying that cuz it's like a cliche, but it is. I feel like Steven is bringing the best out of me because he's investing so much into me, but also it's very natural a natural relationship as well where we get along, we have a laugh, but we also work really hard. &gt;&gt; Before we go, uh, Lawrence, I could just give you the final word. Uh, old friend of yours uh, announced his retirement yesterday, Josh Taylor. Surely one of the best to ever do it from these shores. Uh he he'll get me on that because he will say uh one of the best ever from Scotland. Um I mean undisputed in the four belt era boxed pretty much everybody. Always gave a great account of himself was when he was in that that period of that run uh like Postol Baronic Pro Gray and then Ramirez undisputed incredible what legacy will he leave behind? He's left us exactly that, undisputed. You know, that that goes down in history. Um, especially from Scotland. Um, and you know, it's a it's a it's a shame to see him go cuz he is still relatively young, but ultimately he said health comes first and he's not gambling. So, um, he's had a great legacy. Um, it was great training with him and I wish him the best in in life. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I had some brilliant memories with him. Uh, including over in New York against Tfim Mo Lopez. didn't go his way, but one of the best trips and anyone that was ringside for when he fought Regis Pro in the World Boxing Super Series final. Unbelievable. What a fighter. All the best in retirement to the Titan Tornado, Josh Taylor. Uh that is all we've got time for. So, my thanks to uh Lawrence and Shantel. Remember to download the Toeto Toto podcast wherever you get your podcast from, and we'll see you next week with more special boxing guests.