Kind: captions Language: en [Applause] Have you have you recovered from the weekend? And I'm not just talking about the weather. Um I think people love boxing for moments like that. Uh Fabio Wardley, a punch from I It wasn't a punch from the gods. It was just a brilliant punch. But what drama, what a result it was. I mean, he was well behind on the cards, you know, he had a good first round, good third round, and then uh Justice Honey boxed extremely well and you know, and I take my hat off to him going into Fabio's backyard, 22,000 people there behind their man, but he went in there and he and he he he was boxing extremely well and uh and handling himself well. But as both of them said at the press conference, I think Honey said, you know, I'm a I'm a really good quality boxer. I'm going to go and box his head off and I will win this fight. And uh that's what that's was was what was happening. And then uh at the same press conference, Fabio said it's uh it only takes a split second for him. Split second and he ends everybody's dreams. And that's what he did. I mean, it was, as you say, it was an unbelievable punch. um as you seat stuff, dramatic and the whole place was went crazy. Yeah, brilliant scenes. I've seen loads of the clips, you know, describing the limbs at ringside. Everybody reacted the same way. It was great. Um I've heard you talk to other outlets. You know, I think there were some alarm bells starting to ring and and not I don't want to say panic, but you you did um what you have done previously when it really really gets tough. you you've gone in the corner there um and just made it absolutely clear that they know that they need a knockout. Um did you think he was going to get it? Yeah, he just what I was surprised at in you know during the fight he just wasn't letting that right hand go. He didn't at the end of the first round. He wobbled him, but he he didn't he wasn't letting it go and and his j he just wasn't compo his composure wasn't great and it just wasn't happening. And uh I sort of twice I went to the ring but before he knocks him over. I went to the corner. I said, "Listen, you are a mile behind here on points. You got to knock him out. And the only way you're going to knock him out is to let that right hand go. You got to let it go. and and if you let it go, you'll catch him because I, you know, I mean, I like to think I know a little bit about boxing. I could see that he was he was susceptible to it, but he just wasn't wasn't firing wasn't firing. But once he once he did it, it was a great shot. He sort of half sort of moved to his left. He bent down and bowled it over and he's a powerful puncher. I mean, he stopped now. Was it 19 of his 19 of his 20 opponents? He's a big puncher. He's a dangerous. If he catches you, it don't matter who it is. If he catches you, you go. Yeah. I'm gonna ask you about his future um shortly. I've had plenty of messages from Hon's camp. Um you will have seen uh some of their uh correspondents protesting. Um they're not happy about John Leam's count. Uh they plan a a protest. What's your view on on what happened at the end with the count and the stoppage? Well, I've watched it back since. Um and a lot of people think that the referee first of all when he was down the referee didn't start counting you know he was he he was making sure that um Fabio went to a neutral corner and then he looks to and what happens in boxing the the referee then looks to the timekeeper the timekeeper is counting the seconds away. So I think it was it was around it he was up to three or four and then he picks up the count. So what he done he counted him out. I mean, and the one thing about it, no matter which way you look at, you can you can watch that back a million times. Justice doesn't complain at all. He knew he was, you know, he if he' have carried on, he'd have got badly hurt. Do you expect them to have any success with that uh appeal? No. With uh Fabio moving forward, obviously he's got so many options and he's so marketable. Um probably the easiest question that you're going to have all day like what what do you want to do with him? Uh in any of those options is a is a rematch a possibility. Yeah. I mean people are buy into that wouldn't it was a bloody good fight. I mean it was a really good good uh edgier seat fight. I mean I I I loved it. Um perversely I loved it especially the end of it but um he um he's now the WBA interim champion so he's in a good position. We got the big show on the 19th of July at Wembley where we got Usyk in with Daniel Dubois. Four belts are on the line for the first time ever. Once that fight takes place, somebody's going to hold those belts and then the governing bodies will start uh calling for their mandatory defenses which are most of them are overdue. The first one will be the WBO which is Joseph Parker who is the interim champion for the WBO. So, he's the first one in for that. And I think the next one after that probably is um is the WBA. So, um it's it's you know, it's it's it's great and interesting times for for these guys. All they got to do is keep winning and they'll get their shot at the at the at the belts or even if the belts they may fragment. We don't know. But if they do, the interim champions get declared full champions and then we'll obviously then have to defend their t their respective titles. So it's it's it's this heavyweight division is on fire at the moment. It's it's probably been the most exciting times of this century for the heavyweight division. You know, good fights, quality fights. There's a big fight happening nearly every month now. We're going to announce a big fight next week. Uh we got a press conference, a big fight for Riad season. Um, I can't go into the details of it, but it's a fabulous card involving a few few real good quality British fighters. So, I'm really looking forward to that. You know, this is this is a a a great time for British boxing. If I being a bit mischievous, Frank, and you can clip my wings, but would that be Moses Atuma against Dillian White? I know you're mischievous, and I don't want to flip your wings, you know, without giving the game away. I think like uh I'd had to have been living on the moon uh not to know Ring Ring Ring magazine put a post out, didn't they, saying starting the rumors rumors uh rumor rumor mongering. Um look, next week everything will become apparent, but I promise you everybody's going to be excited about what we're doing. Yeah. I mean, if if if you're talking about Moses, where is he in that mix? So Queensbury have got so many heavyweights at the moment just sort of going on from Fabio Waldley Moses Auma. Is he within striking distance you would say of of the big one? He's 20 years of age. I mean he's a baby compared to all these guys. 20 years of age he's going to have a his next fight will be a fight against a recognized competitor, a tough guy. And you know it's an important fight for him. It be his toughest fight yet. but he is the one that everybody is talking about, including myself. Um, I like everything about him, what he's done up to yet. He's a very mature 20-year-old. I mean, he's got a fabulous amateur background, European, um, champion, junior champion. Um, knocked everybody out to win that title. World champion, amateur champion, knocked out or if he didn't knock him out, he put him on the floor. everybody. He's a big punter himself and he's done brilliantly up to now as a you know as a professional and his last fight I thought he looked sensational up in Scotland. He done a great job and it's the way he does it and his composure and you know it's amazing when I got into boxing all the all the big name fighters were in America. All the big heavyweights I should say all came from America and then then it was Eastern Europe. Now it's Britain except for Usyk and we hopefully knock him over with our man Daniel Dubar on the 19th and then it's the Brits will rule the rule the waves or the rings. I don't certainly not in my time. Um have we really had anybody I don't think there's anybody like Moses Tumor. I I certainly haven't worked with anyone like him. He is just the most uh fascinating talent. In all your years that you've been doing this now uh you might have lost count. Have you ever worked with anybody like Moses Atuma that you could compare? You know, do you see uh Moses compared to any of your talents as you were coming through many moons ago or is he unique? He he I think I got to be honest, Daniel Dubois because at that stage he was undefeated and knocking people over himself and he had a couple of hiccups on the way but you know there were reasons and whatever but look where he is now. He's shown that you, you know, you grit your teeth and carry on. And as far as Moses is concerned, I mean, he has this unbelievable conf confidence, this unbelievable um aura about him. You meet, you know, when you suddenly when you meet an athlete and you feel you feel there's something special about him. He has that he has that aura and that and that that sort of that comes off of him when you meet him. Yeah, I agree with that. Uh but that and the fact he's completely understated, you know, he uh Yeah. No ego doesn't seem to be doesn't seem to be bothered by anything. You know, it's just very very unique. Um, if you just go back one step mentioning what the ring posted, Nick B looks to be back against Ray Ford in a rematch. Can you confirm that one? I'd love that fight to happen. I hope that could happen. I mean, that would be a great fight, wouldn't it? You know, Nick B's been brilliant. I love Nick B. He's a he's an amazing an amazing success story. Again, come up through the ranks with us. great manager and trainer and Paul Stevenson that that Everton Triangle gym is a fabulous gym. He's done great work up there and you know when you look at Nick he should be actually be holding a couple of the belts unified champion. I mean he's a man on a mission and uh if if we make this fight if it happens it's going to be it's a tough one but if he comes through it there's a great fight down the road with him and Enui the Japanese superstar. That would be a fabulous fight. But let's see what happens. We've got big announcements, I say, next week involving some of our big names. Aloise Jr. is is living up to his promises, isn't he? He's very, very explosive. Uh he's made no secret that he wants Vidal Riley, holder of the British title. Uh are you calling for that one? I am, but he doesn't, from what I'm hearing, Vidal doesn't fancy it. He said that he's not too much up for it. And Alloys, I got to tell you something, he can punch. I mean, he is a phenomenal puncher. He actually punches the fight out of you. Really, really good fighter again up in Scotland. He has great performance up there against a a good quality fighter and you I think he's only had about 11 fights now and he's so far ahead of schedule. Good fighter. Um I hope though we can make that fight because the you know that's what it's all about. You know, the best fighting the best. Yeah, absolutely. The best fight in the best is Alexander Usyk. Daniel Dubo without a shadow of a doubt. What differences have you seen in Daniel this time round compared to Daniel first time round where it didn't quite go his way on the night? Well, I I'm going to go with um with what what his manager said, what Usyk's manager said, Egis came out, he said this time we're not fighting Daniel the boy, we're fighting Daniel the man. And I think that's the difference, you know, since that Usyk fight, which he was an underdog going into. Uh and he he showed that he you know his punch power and hurt hurt Usyk and obviously we want to go into the big debate about low blows or not but he took a four-minute break before he resumed boxing and Daniel had to grow up after that and he did grow up and he's had three magnificent wins since against undefeated fighters or all either former world champions or interim champions as I say you know undefeated guys winning against each one of him in. Bade Miller as an under underdog, knocked him out in the 12th round and showed that any time in a fight, no matter how late it is, if he catches you, you go. Um went into a fight with a guy, the bogey man of the division, which nobody wanted to fight Herovic at all. He was the interim champion. It had been avoided as a mandatory defend defend mandatory of the IBF for at least two years. No one wanted to fight. We made that fight and he had a hard first three rounds against him. Hergovic was catching him with good shots, but he gritted his teeth, changed his tactics, and stopped Herovic, which was uh nobody thought could happen. I mean, I did cuz I'm a know all, but I thought he would do it. And then obviously the big one at Wembley, two-time world champion, went in the lion's den because everybody there was behind AJ and done an absolute job on him from round one. I mean, he had him on the floor four or five times. So, this time round, he's got that behind him. He's on a high. He knows what he's got to do. He shared a ring already with Usyk and he believes he can do it. I believe he can do it, but Usyk believes he can repeat what he did last time. Whatever happens, we got up to now we've sold 74 and a half thousand tickets. It's going to be jumping the place on the night. Um, and it's going to be a fabulous fight. I'm convinced of that. You know, when you talk about your confidence in him winning there, do you envisionage him knocking Usyk out or do you envisionage Daniel winning on points? If he catches him and knock him out, that would be a He's a massive puncher. He's a massive. You got to look what he's done. He's another one. He's a big puncher and he's young. He's only 27 years of age and he's a young 27 years of age. And you look at his resume, there's not a lot of fighters at his age who fought the quality of opposition on their records, but he's fought good quality opposition and he's learned and he's beat most of them. Can I stay with the heavyweights? You always flatb it back to me, but Tyson Fury, you cannot surely now deny that there's enough um online momentum videos. Sugar Hill's been there. He's been hitting pads. He's running. Looks great. You know, you got to meet me halfway here. He looks like he's preparing for some sort of comeback. I'm going to meet you the whole way there. He looks all those things you said, but whether he's going to come back or not, I have no idea. That would be his choice. He Look, he trains hard. He's in the gym all the time. And that that's something um that that he feels he needs to do. It helps him with his bipo his bipolar. It helps him with that and that's great for him. And he's but at the moment he's in a real good place with his family. He's been having lots of trips. He's got seven kids. He's got a lovely wife in Paris. They're enjoying life. You know, he's enjoying the fruits of his labors, the hard work that he's put in over the years. And he's made a lot of money. He's he doesn't need to do it for money. if he does do it, it's because he's a true fighting man and that's what he needs to do. But he'll make that decision. He's got a big I think they announced it last week. He's got uh season two of the At Home with the Furies on Netflix. So, he's very busy at the moment. He's got other things happening in his life, but if he wants to do it, he'll do it. I think British boxing fans, most of them would want to see him come back and fight Anthony Joshua. But if Daniel Dubo becomes undisputed and Tyson Fury comes back, would you make that fight? If if Tyson came back and if he wanted to do it, I'd prefer not to. I'd be honest about it. But if he if he come back and he wanted to do it and Daniel wanted to do it, that's the business they're in. They're in the business of professional boxing. Yeah. And they're all good problems to have, if you don't mind me saying. Um Well, they are. But as I keep saying, this heavyweight division is magnificent at the moment. the fights, excising fights. I mean that, you know, Moses up in Scotland, the fight at Ipsswitch, uh the the the the the even, you know, Derek Chisora's last fight. He's now he's the mandatory for the WBC title. It's just alive. The whole thing's alive. And he wants his big day. He wants his 50th fight. He wants to end on his 50th fight. He wants to fight for the title. Yeah. Although, if I was a betting man, we'll see him at fight number 60 in some capacity. He's not going anywhere yet, is he? Let's see. Let's see where we're going. What about What about Hamza? Uh that's an interesting buildup because Edgar Balanga, he's got a fair few things to say, isn't he? And Hamza probably for the first time is he's met his match with a trash talker. He's up with Andy Lee now or away with Andy Lee. Do you make Hamza an underdog in this one? And how important is that step up in weight for Hamza? I don't think anybody that spent time with him out in Saudi, he was huge for the weight. I think everybody thinks that stepping up in weight is going to benefit Hamza. Will it benefit him enough to beat Balanga, do you think? I think it will benefit. He did struggle at the weight last time out. There's no there's no doubt about that. He was struggling at the weight. He's gone up, but he's not dipped his toe in the water and said, "Right, I'm going to bed down. I'm going to have a let me have a fight at that weight first. He's gone straight into the deep end against Balanganger, who's a bloody good fighter, a very good fighter. And not only that, he's going over to the stakes to do it." That's the belief that he has and we have in him. You know, it's a big night for this ring show on the on the on the 12th of July. Um and it's a big night for Hamza. I believe he can do it. Um he believes it. But I've got to tell you, it's going to be exciting. It's going again going to be another exciting fight. Yeah, I'll make you right. Um may I ask you just about Delicious AI? uh signed professional terms with you and had one fight and he he I think he's been widely applauded for coming out with a statement that he did that said if his heart's not in it then he it's not for him he's going to come back to his um studies and try and make his way in the corporate world. uh disappointing I'm sure for you guys because you know you signed him to take him uh big places but if if your heart isn't fully in it which I think Delicious has said it wasn't he was perhaps looking for something that he he couldn't fulfill um what what have you got to say on that I'll take his hat off to him he's not just you know he's not just stayed in there and just thought I'd get the money and then bail out he's basically saying if I can't be 100% then I'm not going to do it and you got to respect him and respect his judgment it's the toughest of all sports you know, you're getting punched by your opponent. It's dangerous. And if, as I if you're not right and you're not feeling right, and the most important thing for any boxer besides being fit, physically fit, is being mentally there. And if you're not mentally there, then don't do it. And I and I applaud his decision and respects his decision. And as I say, he can he'll always be a guest at our shows. He's such a nice guy. He's done brilliantly as an amateur. He he represented his country with pride. and you know everybody anybody who speaks about him they all love him and uh I wish him well for the future in in in whatever he decides he's going to do with his life. Yeah very well said. If you if I can keep you for a couple more minutes got two more. Uh Frank, we haven't spoken since Ben Whitaker Liam Cameron. It didn't go Liam's way on the night. Um what was your reflections on that? I mean I don't want to go back to refereeing and stoppages. Did you have any major issues with the stoppage? Um Liam didn't complain too much. No, he didn't. He didn't. And uh I don't think there can be any complaint about that. You know, it was what it was at the end of the day. You got I think you've spoke quite openly about their strength for the heavyweight division, but uh Queensbury have got quite a few good dangerous light heavyweights now. Um how interested would you be in trying to do a deal where you could see Ben Whitaker in with the likes of Willie Hutchinson, Louis Edmonson, Ezra Taylor? I'd love it. I'd love it. You left another one out with uh you know with light heavyweights with Anthony Yard. Oh, of course. Yeah. I mean, but I I don't want to keep I don't want to keep talking to you about these uh these announcements that you can't make, but there's obviously whispers of Callum Smith against Anthony Yard. I wish I wish that fight was made. I wish we'll see what happens. That's a big wish, but we'll see where we go with that. But Anthony, you know, Anthony, you know, who's who's who's back in the mix now. He's he's you know, he's he had a bit of time out the ring. He's back. Look, it's exciting times in that that light heavyweight division and uh you know, I'd love to see a few of my guys in with Ben Whitaker, aren't you? You know, I think I think there'd be some good fights and Josh Wu's there as well. You know, he's still there. He's still there. There's some great fights to be great fights to be made in that division. You know what, if you don't mind finishing on this because I saw Queens put a lovely tribute out. Um Anthony Yard, it's just pricked my interest there. Obviously boxing uh lost James Cook uh MBE at the weekend. How sad is that? Just one of boxing's really good guys. Totally selfless individual. He was I was you know I got I got somebody rang me on the s on Saturday and told me and and I'd seen him uh he was in the he worked with with Anthony. He was in the dressing room at Tottenham and I looked at him and he didn't look you know he didn't look too well but it was such a shock and that quickly apparently it happened from his diagnosis and uh you know he is one of he's one of sports boxing's good guys. He was he was a really good fighter in a really exciting era. He won the European title. real real proper solid professional, good trainer, um, and done a lot outside the ring for kids, you know, on you know, and I mean on the ground in gyms, helping helping troubled kids, looking after, you know, from the community. Really, really a top top top bloke and uh, it's very sad, you know, boxing will miss him. Um, I'm sure all those kids who he's helped will miss him. And it's just, you know, and you know, all of us, we all send our condolences to his family and his loved ones for their sad and for the sad and tragic loss of of him. You know, he he is one of the good guys and may rest in peace. God bless him. Yeah, echo everything you said there. Um, nice way to finish it. Nice tribute. Thanks very much for giving us some of your time there, Frank. And uh, if you got a big announcement next week, hopefully we'll see you then. I'll definitely see you there. And hopefully we we'll settle all of your anxieties. Listen, I've not got any anxieties. I'm all right. Whatever happens, nice one, mate. Thank you very much. [Applause]