Kind: captions Language: en So, let's just hear from you. You've flown over especially for it. Were you super keen to be ringside for this moment? Yeah, of course. I think this is a great card. Um the main event obvious has been very hyped up, you know, Caroline Dubois versus Terri Harper. But then also the co-main event with Ellie Scotney and Maiva Hamadouche. That's going to be a really great fight. I think that I don't I don't think people people will recognize how how tough and competitive that fight's going to be. So, um and then Chantelle Cameron as well who's who is someone I've always wanted to fight. I think she's on board with that as well. And um hopefully we can get that done sometime soon. Yeah, Mikaela. Um we just heard them calling you superstar and you're one of the best pound-for-pound fighters on the planet. Something else that Mikaela also said was you have options. You've mentioned there Caroline Dubois, um Claressa Shields, Chantelle Cameron all want to fight you. You're very much in demand. Yeah, I think I'm in a really great position right now. And I think just because of my body type and um you know, the way I'm built, I can I can fight at a lot of different weight classes. I think I could fight for the right person from 140 to 160. You know, one one down to 140, you know, maybe if Baumgardner wants that rematch, I can meet her there. Up to 160 for Claressa Shields. So, I'm willing to go where I need to go to make the biggest fights happen. In terms of UK interest, who's the more likely fight, Cameron or Dubois? Right now, Chantelle Cameron. You know, she's fighting this weekend for the belt that I just vacated at at 154. I still have two other belts at 154. So, assuming she gets the win this weekend, um we can fight for a big unification fight. I'm not opposed to Caroline Dubois. She right now she's still at 135 and I do have some big names on the horizon for me that I really want to get done. Lauren Price being one of them is she for undisputed at 147. But um again, I'm here to make the fights the fans want to see. So, never say never. Yeah, Claressa Shields also expected to attend the fight. So, would it be awkward if you bump into her beforehand or are you guys on good terms? &gt;&gt; No, I mean, you know, we went to the Olympics together. We we've been um friends for a long time. So, I don't know how close we'll be if that fight gets gets done. And you you never know. We're both um fighters at heart. So, we'll see how that affects our friendship. But no, seeing her now would be totally fine. Yeah, but Mikaela Shields could be a huge all-American clash, right? &gt;&gt; It would be a great fight. Um you know, I think that I have the work rate and the size now and the skill to um give her give her meet She's going to meet her match with me, for sure. So, um that's going to be a great fight. I really hope to get that done hopefully by early next year. Well, if you could plan the rest of this year, the rest of 2026, what does that look like? Who would you fight? I mean, big names only. You know, like right now this is probably the last contract I'll sign. You know, I just signed a 3-year deal with MVP. So, um you know, that this might be it. And I think that I only want the biggest super fights that I can get. So, Chantelle Cameron is definitely up there. Lauren Price is definitely up there. Um Claressa Shields. Those I think would be If I could get those three back-to-back, that would be ideal. But you never know what's going to happen in boxing. You got to roll with the punches. Things always change. So, let's get your expert opinion for Dubois versus Harper. Do you think both of them are finding it hard to contain their emotions? No, I think they're doing a good job of building that this fight up. You know, I think women's boxing needs rivalries. You've seen um a handful in the past. Um I've given the world a a couple great rivalries as well. And I think that's what women's boxing really needs to continue to grow the sport and build the fan base. So, they're doing a good job. I think it's going to be a great fight. I if I had to pick a winner, I I might have to go with Caroline Dubois just because of her pedigree, her amateur pedigree. Um she's a really good boxer. But Terri Harper has always given us the fights we want to see. She has never been scared to step in the ring with with challenging good opponents. We we see it in her resume. And so, you can't you can't look past it. You can't count her out. Yeah, I was going to ask for a prediction a little bit later on. Since you've mentioned That's all okay. Um how do you think uh the winner will happen? What are you calling? Um I think it'll definitely go to to decision. You know, I I think that Caroline is probably the better, more technically sound boxer. Um I don't see her stopping Terri Harper. Um Terri Harper is coming up from the higher weights. I know she's been stopped before, but those are against probably bigger girls that maybe she wasn't supposed to be at those higher weights. I think the weight she is now, 135, is probably a lot more suited for her. Um but if Caroline wins, it'll be from outpointing and outboxing uh Harper. And if Harper wins, it'll be because she she dogged it out and she she found a way to push Caroline back and and make her tired. So, we'll see who has the better game plan. Yeah, speaking of pushing and rivalries, and you've actually mentioned Baumgardner a little bit earlier on. I know that you've been involved in fiery build-ups uh before. Can it be a distraction or do you think it helps you focus and helps with that determination? Um I think it sometimes it could it could become a distraction. I think it's just up to the athlete um you know, to stay focused on it. But it's hard when you're getting caught up in those exchanges and in the build-up and the press conference and all that. Um it definitely takes a toll, but when that bell rings, when you step in that ring and that bell rings, it goes away. You know, you you're you're you're running off everything you've trained for, you know, muscle memory. And if you have a good game plan and you've had a good camp, you're going to be locked into that game plan and you're going to do what you got to do. But it just depends on the fighter. And then lastly, Ellie Scotney is aiming to become the UK's youngest undisputed champion. How big of an achievement would it be if she can do it? It would be amazing. I mean, I've always thought Ellie Scotney was a great fighter. We we did a lot of sparring when I was getting ready for the Baumgardner fight back here in London a few years ago. So, um I was tinier then. I was 130 then. So, um but she does have a really tough fight. I you know, I was watching this girl, Maiva Hamadouche. And it reminds me of my match against Hamadouche where, you know, I was originally a boxer. I come from the amateur scene as well. So, I have that very technical technically sound boxing style. But someone like Hamadouche is going to get you out of your comfort zone, force you on the inside. Same with Maiva Hamadouche. I hope Ellie Scotney has trained for that because there's going to be no room to breathe with that style. Um you're not going to be able to stay in your comfort zone, stay on the outside and box. You're going to you're going to be forced on the inside. So, as long as she's prepared for that, yeah, I think she'll do well.