Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to central London, where I can confirm a new era of boxing on Sky Sports. Zuffa Boxing inks a groundbreaking broadcast deal with us here at Sky. Alongside me, the man who's making it happen, arguably the most influential man in combat sports, co-founder of Zuffa Boxing, Dana White. Lovely to see you. Thank you so much for joining us. Good to be here. Just explain this to us for boxing fans, it's exciting, but even more than that, boxing fans on Sky Sports, what can we look forward to? Yeah, obviously excited. I mean, the UK and Sky is what's kept boxing alive for the last however many years. But we just came to a multi-year deal. We're going to do a minimum of five fights over here in London. Our first fight that you guys will air is next month and then the first time that we're here is going to be in May. Okay, so plenty of details to come, I'm sure. But can you talk to me a little bit about the key philosophies, the matchmaking and what we've seen so far from the first four Zuffa shows, 50-50s, excitement. What about the Zuffa philosophy? What do we want to see on screen? Yeah, well, thank you. And and yeah, I mean, it's it's not rocket science. We want to put on the best possible fights with the best fighters in the world. Everybody's undefeated in boxing. That's going to change over the next couple of years. You know, if you look at how the UFC was built, I took everything that I loved about boxing and everything that I hated about boxing when building that business. So, if it works so well for the UFC, it should work even better for boxing. Yeah, you said the words out my mouth. Is that really the aim? You've had tremendous success with the UFC. Do you think you can replicate that in boxing? I know we can. And I think the other thing, uh, you know, our big goal over the next several years is to introduce the younger people to boxing. A lot of young people, you know, I started to notice since, you know, we're on our fourth fight here, a lot of young people have never been to a boxing match or even watched boxing before. So, that's a big goal of mine over the next several years. Some people will know, but we do have a casual sports audience. Your relationship with boxing, this isn't new. You've been in and around the sport for a long time as a fan and and worked in it as well. Just explain a little bit of your backstory with boxing. Yeah, I mean, I wouldn't be where I am today without boxing. Boxing is where it all began for me and, you know, I was training guys and in the boxing business and I started taking jiu-jitsu. And then through that I started to manage some fighters in the UFC. I found out the UFC was in trouble and that it was for sale. And me and my partners bought it back in 2001. You know, fast forward to today and and, here I am getting back into the sport of boxing, which I always believed I would. You know, there was a few years there I I I wasn't very sure, but I love the sport and and uh, I think that me and the team that I have built can do some good things for the sport. You've had some tremendous nights over here in in the UK and Ireland with the UFC events. You know full well what the the British and Irish fans are all about. How excited are you to get that Zuffa product in front of what I think are arguably some of the most passionate and the most knowledgeable fans worldwide? No doubt about it, especially boxing, too. The boxing fans over here are very knowledgeable. And like I say, uh, not just the fans, but Sky Sports is what's really kept boxing alive over the last several years, in my opinion. Yeah, we're looking forward to some pretty heavy heavy metal nights with you guys, it has to be said. May I ask you a little bit about the talent roster? We've already seen marquee signings of Jai Opetaia, who's very well known to us over here, UK star Conor Benn. Can we expect further signings in the months to come? Yeah, um, I mean, nothing that I can announce now, but guys are running through the office, um, you know, every week in Vegas and, you know, we had a lot of meetings out here yesterday, too. So, the answer is yes. I mean, we're we're going to continue to sign not only, you know, the best fighters in the world, but fighters that we believe have the potential to be world champions someday. Yeah, just a little bit more detail on where you see boxing at the moment and where you want to take it ideally. Well, realistically, when you think about boxing, you know, over the last, I would say, 10 years, it's been very European and and obviously the UK. There's been a decline in the United States. So, our goal is to build the the the no-brainers, the United States, uh, the UK, Australia, Mexico. I mean, that's that's what we're focusing on right now. And what has worked for you in those first four Zuffa shows that we've seen at the the Meta Apex. I mean, the shots that we've seen have looked brilliant. You've put your own stamp on it. How have you found the going so far? Yeah, so far so good. The fights have been great. The last fight, the Jai Opetaia fight was incredible. The crowd, the fight itself and, you know, it was everything that we we thought it would be. I'm going to say goodbye now, but before you go, if I got you to look down that camera, what is your message to British fight fans and Sky Sports boxing fans? What can we expect? &gt;&gt; You guys have kept boxing alive for the last however many years. We're coming here, Zuffa Boxing here in the UK. We're going to bring you the best fights that we can possibly make. Yeah, Dana, brilliant. I couldn't have said it better myself. So, Dana actually mentioned it at the top there, Zuffa 5. So, that's Sunday, April 5th, early hours of Monday for us, Andres Gutierrez Edison Garcia. That'll be the first Zuffa show on Sky Sports. And I'll leave you with this. There is nothing like a big fight on Sky Sports.