Kind: captions Language: en Now, former heavyweight champion Tyson Fury has announced that he'll come out of retirement for the fifth time in his career. He'll take on Arsenal Beck Magma in the UK on April the 11th. A venue is yet to be confirmed. Fury's been out of the ring for over a year since his second defeat to Alexander Usyk in December of 2024. Fury said that he was excited to be back and that his heart will always be in boxing. In the fight on April the 11th, we'll see Fury fight in the UK for the first time since 2022. And I'm delighted to say that we're joined now by Fury's opponent, Arlamak Magmov, right now, Arlamach, thank you so much for joining us this morning. Great to speak to you. I mean, what an opportunity this is then. How much are you looking forward to fighting the former unified twotime heavyweight world champion? &gt;&gt; Hello, thank you very much. Yes, for me it's a dream fight for me is uh all my life I was dream about fight with him because I have even fought like almost 10 years ago uh even before fought before my debut in pro pro professional. So this time he was already world champion and and I fought I was dream to fight with him and for me is big things and for me is all my life for me is u fight for all my life you know but that's uh dream fight. Yes. &gt;&gt; Despite him having been out of the ring for a little while Fury will go having the fight as favorite. How confident though are you of causing an upset? &gt;&gt; Yes, I I feel very good about myself because I have couple of flaws but everybody have like loss but u I feel great because uh couple of my last win and give me good confidence about myself and uh just go to for win. is &gt;&gt; it's clearly supposed to be a bit of a warm-up fight for Fury, isn't it? There's talk that he could face Majama Fabio Wardley or even Anthony Joshua after he takes on you. Would he be foolish though to look too far ahead? &gt;&gt; Can you can you repeat please? &gt;&gt; I mean, just in terms of what Tyson Fury is looking to do with this comeback, there's some big names being mentioned that he might fight after he fights you. How important is it though that he takes you seriously first? &gt;&gt; I think I'm I'm very very happy he take me because um like I said I'm also I think did um not bad not bad job before. I mean when I in October I win I beat the other also very good boxer very good guy and uh that's why I think uh UK fans know me now and it's going to be interesting fight yes &gt;&gt; what sort of fight can we expect then from the pair of you what are you going to look to do in the ring &gt;&gt; I go for for do my my best my job and go for win. Yes. &gt;&gt; Well, Alan, look, we we look forward to the fight and thank you very much for joining us this morning. We appreciate you taking the time to join us on Sky Sports Breakfast. Thank you.