Kind: captions Language: en Right, let's get more on this right now and speak to Johnny Nelson. He's already smiling at those quotes. Of course, former world cruiserweight champion and Sky Sports very own. Johnny, I spoke to you just a few days ago, didn't I? When we'd heard about this, but it wasn't official. It's now official. How huge is it that Jake Paul can land a fight with a very recent heavyweight world champion? &gt;&gt; Well, by the sounds of there's 50 million reasons why Anthony Joshua's taking this fight. Um, in my head, I never ever thought this fight would happen. Why? Because of Anthony Joshua's um desire to be um in the history books to be a three-time head witch and the world. To me, it shows me his desire. Uh yeah, pick up 50 million long way. Nobody can knock him for this. This is now business. This is business. Uh for for Jake Paul, absolutely crazy. Uh Jake Paul is is a domestic level professional fighter here in the UK. Would you win a British title? No, I don't think so. So, now they're putting in with putting this domestic level fighter in with a a former heavyweight, two-time champion of the world. The weight is 245. So, I think last time Anthony Joshua around that was when he bought Usyk. That means he's got to be fight on point because his last fight was 18 stone. I think it was 254 against um um Danny Dvoir. So, now he basically saying you've got to get yourself in in position. Get yourself fit and get yourself ready for fight. It's not tiddlyw. This is a fight. It's not a a push and a pull, you know. So, so as long as it's not a push and a pull and don't put me down and don't touch me in the in the buildup to this fight. Remember when McGregor and Mayweather, they had this little side, don't touch me in the buildup to this. If this is a real legitimate fight, Jake Paul is absolutely crazy. If not crazy, he's super brave and um it'll be interesting to see. &gt;&gt; What What do you think? Yeah, because you said that before when we spoke about it being a proper fight or not. And Eddie Hearn and Paul's promoter Nikisa Bedarian have both said in the last couple of days it will be a proper fight. And now you've heard the details. Eight rounds, three minutes around, 10 oz gloves. Do you believe it when they say that it's going to be a proper fight? I do believe it because AJ's involved and I don't I think AJ struggle to to to he's going to take enough slack uh flack over this. Uh but but again it's money talk. So I think AJ to struggle because it's an is in a no win situation. If he goes in there Jake Paul lastes the distance. What does he tell you about AJ? Apart from he's just an extra 50 million quid. Uh, if he goes there and struggles with with um um uh Jake Paul, then what's he say about AJ? Your heyday are well and true and over. If he goes in there and knocks him out, then I'll say that's to be expected. So the glory is there's probably not much glory in it apart from the haters of Jake Paul to say, "Right, we've got rid of this kid." Uh I think he's very brave of Jake Paul. So now the problem child has got to believe this fight's actually happening. So now you've got our attention. So now you got to back up the boast. It's not about It's not about you're not playing Tilly Wing. This is a This only game you can't play. You can play football, golf, tennis. You can't play boxing because you get knocked out and you get really hurt. &gt;&gt; So, you think this could be dangerous for Jake Paul? &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. Without a doubt. Now, the governing bodies now have got to look at this. Would they would they sanction this fight in any other dimension? No, they wouldn't. But unfortunately, boxing is now more business than show. And um and and this is business. And so the sanctioning bodies aren't going to say, "No, no, this kid doesn't deserve to be there." You look at this right here. This guy got the merit because he was the top of his field in his sport. Jake Paul is not the top of any field in any any combat sport, not in our sport. And but now he's he's made that transition. Why? Because he gets the numbers. He gets he gets the big broadcast and he gets the attention of the public and the world for this. Now, most people will watch this to to hopefully see Jake Paul get his mouth shut. Uh, and they hope Anthony Joshua, this version, what we're watching of Anthony Joshua turns up. If that version of Anthony Joshua turns up, then it's going to be a a comfortable smug night for any boxing snobby that's going on. If any other version of Anthony Joshua turns up and he struggles with um with Jake Paul, then Jake Anthony Joshua needs to think to himself, "Wow, you know what? I've turned into a businessman because that's what he is. He's a bounty hunter. That's what it is. He's a prize fighter. &gt;&gt; What does this mean for for AJ's future then in terms of future fights? Do you think this signals that he might not fight again at world championship level or do you think he can still go on to world championship fight after fighting Jake Paul? &gt;&gt; Well, let's be real. I think Anthony Joshua's days have become the world champion have gotten slimmer and slimmer and the chances have gotten gotten smaller or smaller and and now I don't know if he's he's still ranked in ranked in the top 10 but he's still the biggest draw out there. Like it or not, he's the biggest draw out there. So getting a a legitimate opportunity to box for world title probably getting further and further away. The biggest fighter there for him is probably against apart from Jake Paul Tyson Fury. That's it. To fight for the world title, it's quite clear the champion is not going to be that champion. So, so he's making more money, making more headlines than any world champion out there, and he's not even bought to a world title. So, this is business, good business. But, you know, I think for both Jake Paul and Anthony Joshua, they've taken advantage of a a situation that that that that is the state of boxing as it is today. &gt;&gt; Yeah. As you say, it's business. And you know, a lot of people, boxing fans will criticize Anthony Joshua for doing this, for taking this fight, which you say is for business, for money, as opposed to a more serious contender. Can you see why people would make that point? &gt;&gt; Without a doubt, Anthony Joshua got knocked out against Andy Dubo. You'd think straight away, let me get back in that fight and be betting this fight. But he hasn't said that. So maybe maybe he's thinking, you know what? I've probably seen my best days. I'll never be able to say that out publicly. I've probably seen my best days, but I've got to do the best I can with what I've got left. Because in reality, most people say, "Get me back in Danny Dw. Let's have this fight. Let's have it." Uh, but he's thinking, "Oh, this kid's better than what I thought. I'm not at that level anymore." It's a hard thing to accept. If you used to be a heavyweight champion, you thought that you were the best in the world. But now getting in there with Jake Paul, yes, he knows he's going to get flagged. Yes, he knows he he's probably upset one of the one or two traditional fans and say, "Why are you doing this?" But in reality, he's getting in there with with someone that's stupid enough that can generate 50 million pounds plus for him to knock him out. Then he moves on. So, and and anybody that is honest with themselves, they're not going to turn it down. Nobody on this earth will turn down. So, we can all point the finger saying, "Why have you done that?" But nobody on this god's green earth would turn that opportunity down. It's just that Anthony Josh, you think, "Oh, if you're going to do the job, get the job done. get him out of here and get on with your business. &gt;&gt; Johnny, is there any way you think that that Jake Paul could cause a massive upset here? I know a lot of people will will think about his fight with Tommy Fury, but but his last fight was actually against Julio Cesar Chavez Jr. who was a former world champion and he beat him. It is there any way he might be better than a lot of people think when he turns up to fight AJ? &gt;&gt; Listen, he he is a decent domestic level fighter. He's no longer a YouTuber boxing. He's a de decent domestic level fighter. Now he has an opportunity to go in there with a with a a slightly faded world champion because because AJ's not a world champion anymore. What's he show? I'm not saying he f he's just below that level now. So now this young man has got an opportunity to get in there with him. Now the only way this is going to happen where he gets turned over is if Anthony Joshua does what he's done before and leaves his tools at home like he did with Daniel Dubo, like he did with with with Andrew Ruiz. Well, that that's the only way. Can I see Anthony Joshua doing that? No, because there's far too much pressure on him for this. There's far too much pressure and he has to come in at a supreme weight. The way he came in against Alexander Usyk. That means he's trained. He's got the weight down. So therefore, he's not going to come in think, oh, this is a pushover. He's going to have a nice cool swagger thinking I'm going to get this job done. But in his head, he's got to say, I've got to be serious on point here. Because if you give a man a chance hasn't got one, then you got a problem. And the other thing I wanted to touch on here was how Jake Paul will have prepared for this fight because he was preparing to fight Javante Davis who's what 5'5. He's about half the weight of Anthony Joshua. How do you go from preparing to fight that guy to fighting a massive heavyweight like AJ? &gt;&gt; Well, it's a little tweak. Um I'm not saying um Davis is a little tweak, but what I'm saying is, you know, you're going to be gym fit and there. So you do is change your spine partners. You change your direction. there's enough time to get that job done. December the 19th is what they're looking at. There's more this you're now your gym fit. Now you have to just change your game plan and figure out how you're going to do it. The side of your opponents and what they do and what they bring into it. I just want to make sure I'm not wrong where there are no clauses in this fight that we're not to know about. Uh we saw Jake Paul against Mike Tyson. We saw him against Anderson Silva. We've seen him in fights like that and you thought bit sus here. I just think I could be surprised because I'm surprised now. I just think Anthony Joshua will will struggle to to play that game because this affects him and Anthony Joshua is bigger than Jake Paul in our world. So this will there'll be more of a judgment on Anthony Joshua than there will be on Jake Paul because Anthony Joshua is expected to get this boy blasted out of there. &gt;&gt; Final question, Johnny. You know what's coming. If this is a proper fight, if Anthony Joshua is taking this seriously, what do you think happens? &gt;&gt; I'd expect the exactly the same thing that happened against. I'd expect Jake Paul to get knocked out. Uh if not saved by the referee. I think Jake Paul's a very brave, ambitious young man who's got a great business head on his shoulder. I think everything he's done in our game, he's got our attention now. He's really got our attention. So, I commend him. I respect him for doing that because he's understood the business of our game when it's usually the fighters that end up on the sour end of the stick. So for Jake Paul, well done. Uh the job is done. uh for Anthony Joshua get the job done and uh show the show the difference in class real class and domestic