Kind: captions Language: en Why do you think it's important to do that? Well, at the end of the day any types of abuse is never okay. We have to look at yourself in the mirror and ask yourself, would you like someone to make you feel [music] that way? Make you feel small, make you feel insecure, make you feel these these feelings that you don't you don't really want to feel. Today I'm sitting down with two very familiar faces in the world of boxing to help shine a light on the enough campaign. A campaign focused on calling out abuse against women and girls [music] and promoting positive and respectful behavior. By understanding what to look out for and how to challenge it, we can help create positive [music] change. I'm joined by Conor Benn and Natasha Jonas. Good to see you both. You both obviously work in boxing and community is such a big part of boxing, isn't it? How important is it having really solid close people around you, particularly when you're going through the tougher times? Yeah, nice, very important. I think for me my team is my family. They've supported me through everything, through thick and thin, through adversity. Um, through the highs and the lows. &gt;&gt; it's essential. Um, I I think I was lucky in in my coach. He will never be in a room or let anyone speak bad of me. Um, he's loyal. He's I can tell him anything and it goes no further. Um, and he is has become a safe space. Of all sports, as a woman at a time where there's not really many women boxers, what made you want to go to a boxing gym? I've never felt uncomfortable being around lads. I was the only female in the gym, so fit. When I walked through the door everyone was like, "Is that?" Yeah, "Who is she? Who is she?" And then when he when the coach said, "Right, everyone get into partners." Then I was like half waiting to be picked by someone and like luckily enough Liam Smith was like um was there at the time and he was like, "Oh, come on, Tasha, I'll be your partner." That one little like suggestion just expelled everything and then after that no one really was bothered about being me partner. That's mad. It's changed a lot since then because I don't remember any female boxers boxing at the time I was boxing when I first turned pro. I think boxing's doing great. Yeah, yeah, I mean our gyms we have four female fighters in our gym. Are they amateur or pro? &gt;&gt; All pro, young girls killing it. [clears throat] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; How can young males, do you think, check their own behavior? What can they do themselves? It's a hard one because you don't know who their role models are, what their experience is. But, you know, if it's making somebody feel uncomfortable, um, you have to look at yourself in the mirror and ask yourself, would you like someone to make you feel that way? Make you feel small, make you feel insecure, make you make you feel these these feelings that you don't you don't really want to feel. My mum always said to my brother, "Don't ever treat a woman in any other way that you wouldn't want your sister to be treated." And I think that can apply to anyone, their mum, their sister, their daughter, future children, anything like that, you know, that that can apply, can't it, Tash? Be a decent person, you know, and respect other people's feelings and, you know, be mindful about who you're around because there's there is also certain things I would accept but another person wouldn't. You know, men ask me about my weight all the time. But if you ask someone else about their weight she might feel like, "Oh, that's not that's not appropriate." &gt;&gt; But don't you think that's where it comes in like if if you're feeling a bit uncomfortable [clears throat] or if you're having to second guess yourself, then you probably do need to say something or think about it as long as it's safe to do so. Tasha, have you ever had an experience of friends, family or anyone being in a controlling relationship or controlling situation? You know what? I put a message in a couple of girls group chats that I'm in and asked them the question and every single girl had an experience, yourself included. We're in a digital age, you can have trackers, it's, you know, being on social media and having the passwords, it's financial, it's isolating behavior. &gt;&gt; Isolating, coercive. &gt;&gt; Controlling what you're wearing, what you look like. It's not a conversation that everybody has. Even though I've just put it in and everyone's had an experience of Why do you think it is a hard conversation to have? Because no one likes to admit that they're in that situation. It's delicate. It's a a tough conversation but the ones that need to be had the most. &gt;&gt; It's so worrying because most of you said most women have experienced it in the group chat that you mentioned. It's like, well, I have a daughter and you think to yourself like is that my does my daughter always have to think about her safety? I was having a conversation with somebody earlier and we said that women always think about their safety when they're walking home at night. It's like it's just wild to think because a man you don't you don't have to feel this way. You don't have to think these things. Um, it's just it's just worrying, isn't it? How can you spot, you know, young athletes or anyone that it's happening to if there's controlling behavior? What would be Trust your gut feeling. If you're feeling a type of way or your your coach is this or your manager is this or your someone in your team is that, you have to have the conversation. You can't avoid it. &gt;&gt; In an athlete sense or you're the best person I've ever coached. And I'm not saying that any coach has ever said that because every coach has probably said that to someone. But when it doesn't feel right and yet again going back to what you said about intuition, how about me and you go and do this? Don't worry about them, you know, all of a sudden you're you're getting isolated from the rest of the group and then the fear comes in when you think, "Actually, if I don't do what he what he says, am I going to get selected? Is it am I going to get them opportunities? What's going to happen if I say no?" Joey, is it easier said than done? Yeah, yeah. Because like the manipulation in in making someone feel that way and putting them in that box, they they can't see it themselves. &gt;&gt; Early doors it can seem like it's, you know, you're getting a lot of praise and whether that's in a sporting environment or a relationship, it can be, "Oh my gosh, he really loves me." He loves me so much he's made me delete all the other lads numbers out of my phone. He must really love me. I can't like any lads pictures on what what whatever. What what would you identify as controlling behavior, do you think? &gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely telling where she can and can't go, what she does wear, but most of all just manipulating a woman into feeling feeling horrible about her own self and changes her identity. I've seen it first hand. Um, and you're watching this girl and just have that her her personality beaten down um to a point where she doesn't even know who she is anymore. It's always in like jokes or like Like it's disguised as banter. &gt;&gt; like that. Yeah, it's always like jokes or like putting someone down or like in front of everybody and you're watching and you're like, "Yeah, that don't feel right." And she's the only one not laughing. Do you know what I mean? So it becomes it's not a joke, everyone's laughing at her. So if it was one of your friends and their partners you know, making jokes about them, everyone's laughing and you see she's not laughing. How would you address that situation? Pull them out at the time. If it if they're laughing I'd be like, "That's not funny." And then I'd speak to the me friend later. But I would pull I would call them out on it. &gt;&gt; There and then. Yeah. Not easy to do though, is it? Especially when particularly if they're mates and people you know speaking out in like a a WhatsApp group or something and having to call out behavior. &gt;&gt; I think you have to address it. You know, sometimes it's not going to be easy to address a situation but in order to move forward and make sure that this doesn't happen again, you have to address it and you have to say something. How do you know when someone has your best interests at heart? What do you look out for? Um, I mean again, I've been very fortunate. I think it's good judgment of character as well. Um, me and my parents and my family and the people I love are so aligned in our decisions anyway. Um, on what's good for me, who's right for me, who's there for me and it's the truth has stood the test of time. I mean, I'm happy I'm still with the same team now from start to finish. &gt;&gt; have been Yeah, I'll I'll be with my I'll be with my team till, you know, the wheels fall off. I guess you've been lucky having that family support around you. You've been with your team the whole whole time. But if you were someone younger and necessarily don't didn't have that, what would you suggest? What would you say they need to look out for? Finding someone that you do feel safe with that does align with your everything. It might not be the person that you think of. I'm I was very close with my PE teacher in school. Still to this day she comes to every fight that that I have. So it could be people in unexpected places. It it might be the shopkeeper. It might be, you know, the nail technician. It might whatever. There's always someone that you can feel safe and trust, yeah. Yeah. It's easier said than done but try and be someone's safe person. What's up? Finally, before we we wrap this up, what what would be your piece of advice if you're particularly a young man and a young male and you you see concerning behavior? I think you You've got life experience that to pass on to them and say, "Well, this this is what you should do in that situation." How how important is that that they do speak up? Yeah, I'd address it for sure. You know, I think confrontation can be hard but ultimately it's the only way to sort of move forward. It's just communication. Communication, being a safe space and I think the whole message is is is being able to call it out when you see it but in a in a safe way. Yeah, and if someone finds it offensive or doesn't feel comfortable or doesn't feel safe, then it's not funny. Yeah. If it's something that's conditional, if you're only going to act a certain way if they do this, then it's not love either. It's been a brilliant conversation, really fascinating insight from you both. Thank you, Conor. Thank you, Tasha, for joining us. If you would like any more information on the campaign and if you'd like to understand any more of the signs of abusive behavior, please do visit the website. It is gov.uk {slash} enough. &gt;&gt; [clears throat] [music]