Kind: captions Language: en Good afternoon. Welcome to the Etihad Stadium for a gloriously unpredictable Manchester derby. Here with Roy Keane, Izzy Christensen, and Micah Richards. But there is a bit of a subdued atmosphere here around the stadium. We've arrived here and then this news has filtered through about the shocking and sudden death of Ricky Hatton. not just a former world champion boxer, but a huge Manchester City fan who you feel would have been a big part of uh this game today and everything that Manchester City do. Micah, I know that as a former City player, you you've met and been in Ricky's company a lot of a lot of times in the past. &gt;&gt; Yeah, obviously news is uh was devastating when we got the news just what half an hour ago. Uh, I was taken back to be honest because he's such an icon, British icon, boxing, sports, true Man City fan, but most importantly, he was a man of the people. He was the nicest guy ever. Remember going down to one of his gyms and I was a bit nervous cuz I didn't really know about boxing. He said just do this. And he took his time and this is before the takeover, you know, in Man City, but where what they are now. and for him to take the time and effort. I've been multiple times with beers with him and just talking about football and and life. And he was a deep person, very deep. He overought a lot of things and the news is just devastating. It's absolutely ruined my mood for for for the whole day. It's just he'll be here today. He'll be celebrating. He's had a box here many times. And to get this news now, it's just it just feels surreal. Someone so young and for this to happen now, it's just it's devastating. I &gt;&gt; I think um Man of the People seems really fitting actually, Micah. It felt Roy like he he carried a lot of the hopes of the British public into those those big world title fights. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he certainly did. Again, the guy the guy was a warrior. &gt;&gt; I think that's why the fans love watching him in in that ring. uh we know how tough that sport is but my god he he gave everything for that sport and I think that's why the fans love follow and I think he number of fights obviously in America and thousands would travel over because they thought so highly of him and again he left everything in that ring and uh absolutely shocking news &gt;&gt; that news has just been confirmed uh in the last few minutes really the last couple of hours here around the Etihad stadium the sad news that Ricky Hatner has died at the age of 46 and you'll be able to follow that story and all the reaction on Sky Sports News. Yeah, desperately sad news and we are just hearing the last couple of moments in fact that Manchester City will be marking it with a minute's applause uh before the start of the game here against Manchester United later.