Kind: captions Language: en Eddie, great to see you. Um, let's just start on on AJ. Boxing aside, uh, just awful. Um, how is he? Yeah, I mean, I think, um, I'm going to catch up with him in person, you know, over the next few days. Spoke to him a few times. You know, as you'd imagine, it's, uh, it was such a a terrible, horrific incident, and and two people that were unbelievably close to him. You know, two guys that were full of energy, you know, full of passion, full of commitment to to AJ and and his team as well. I mean, they were teammates, but they're also some of his best friends, you know, so, um, I think AJ, as we've seen in the past, you know, on boxing related stuff, is always a kind of brave face guy. You know, he's a very positive positive guy. This, of course, is very different to that, but, you know, I know that he'll take his time and, you know, he'll need his time physically and and um, mentally, emotionally, spiritually, um, before he he makes a decision on his future. You know, I I I do think he's going to want to return to to boxing, but that'll be his decision when the time's right. It's, you know, it's certainly not a conversation that I'll be having with him anytime soon. You know, the only conversation is, "Are you okay?" You know, and sometimes we find people will give that, you know, facade of of being okay, but obviously what happened to him is is not normal, and it's it's heartbreaking, um, for everybody involved, you know, particularly the families of Cena and Latts, who were were so incredibly loved. You've seen that from the response from everyone, and and obviously, um, you know, it'll it'll take a long time for it to sink in for for AJ and a lot of people. Yeah, absolutely. So, I mean, to confirm, you you expect AJ to take some considerable time away from the sport? Yeah, I do. And, you know, again, that's not a conversation that I think anyone's comfortable in having in terms of asking, you know, what could be next or what he's thinking. That's something that has to come naturally. You know, you you need someone to have their time and and to just be left alone, really, to to get over, like I said, just the not not just a terrible incident, but just one that you you could never prepare for in life, you know, you you never ever want to see anybody you know in any kind of this situation. You know, it's it's heartbreaking. And, uh, when the time is right, I believe he will, you know, make his decision. You'll you'll hear it from him. You know, sometimes you hear, "He said that, and he said that." The future of Anthony Joshua will be told by Anthony Joshua, and that's the only voice you should listen to in that respect. And we'll give him his time to to make that decision and, um, you know, to heal specifically in many different ways. Um, but but, you know, our thoughts are, of course, not just with the families of of Cena and Latts, but with AJ as well. We we pray for him every day. Look, you've looked after hundreds of fighters over over the years, but look, it's no secret that you and AJ are are very close. What has it been like over the last few weeks? Um, just just a a a little insight into that, cuz I know you two are just so incredibly close. Yeah, I think, um, like I said, there's no, um, kind of manual to how this should be played out. You know, it's it's just something that you you never expect, you never would wish on anybody. And, um, a lot of the times you don't really know what to do. You know, on one hand, you want to give someone their time, and and you'd really think that they probably wouldn't want to talk about it. And then, on the other hand, you want to be there for them, and and you want to be around them. So, it's, you know, I think for a long period of time after it was to to to leave him, you know, with his family. And, you know, he And he, of course, suffered injuries in the the crash as well. So, you know, he's got to get over those physically. Um, but just the time is right, like I said, you know, I haven't seen him in person since the incident. I will be doing that over the next few days. And then, you know, from there, just just just be good to see him, you know? I think that's the best way to put it, because, you know, at one stage, when you're getting these reports, and you know, you you don't know what's happening, especially in the, you know, the the minutes and hours after the incident. And, uh, you know, boxing plays a very, very backseat in all of this. You know, as a mate, you just want to make sure he's okay. Um, and that's everybody's priority that works that works with him, that cares for him, you know, everybody wants to make sure that he is okay. And obviously, the family is are are as well looked after as as can be during this tragic time. It's always hard to put it back onto boxing. Um, I during Christmas, Tyson Fury's announced his comeback. I'm I'm sure you're, uh, I'm sure you'll stand by that. Yeah, wasn't the biggest surprise, to be fair, but, you know, Um, who do you expect him to face? Cuz you might have one or two in your camp who you wouldn't mind getting in the &gt;&gt; know. I mean, look, I think, obviously, there was a lot of talk, you know, pre-Christmas about Fury and AJ, and that's taken a big backseat at the moment. So, you know, from from our side, there's nothing really to talk about on that, but, you know, Tyson Fury seems to be returning to boxing. And it's an interesting one, you know, you I guess, on one hand, you want to prepare yourself for a challenge against an elite guy, and on the other hand, you're coming back after a long layoff. And you don't you maybe don't want too much of a taxing challenge, you know? So, I I know some of the names that are in the mix, you know, I'll leave that to Turki Alalshikh and and Tyson Fury to to mention those guys. We've got guys that would be up for the challenge, but on the whole, great to see him back. You know, I mean, he's gone from not really posting on social media to every time I pick up my phone, there's a new Tyson Fury story, and you know, boxing can save you at many different stages in your life, you know, I I think I don't think he was at a stage in his life where he needed saving, but you could tell that boxing once saved him, probably many times. And actually, now he looks happier than ever, and full of life, you know, training, you know, I I even away from boxing, I think physical training is the greatest form of, uh, you know, mental, um, help that you can get in so many different situations. And I think Fury looks like he's buzzing at the moment, you know, he's over in Thailand, is it, or wherever he is? He's running every morning. He's inspiring me, you know, I I I look at it, I go, "Good on you." You know, we've had a lot to say over the years, but I like I love the fact that he's back in boxing. I think he's an incredible fighter. I think he's brilliant for the game. Um, and he can he can be involved in some huge fights. And by the way, he's still in his prime. It's not like I mean, he lost two very close fights to Alexander Usyk. It's not like, "Oh, he's finished now." So, yeah, great to see him back. It'd be interesting to see who he faces. I think they're talking potentially, you know, around April time. Um, and yeah, great to see him back in the sport. How close were we, because Turki alluded to it, didn't he, a few months ago? I know it's all hypothetical now, but how close were we to to AJ-Fury before this tragedy? Of course, it's it's the biggest fight in boxing, and, you know, we we were having those deep conversations. AJ fought Jake Paul. Um, but then, you know, at this point, who knows, you know, I think it's not even something to discuss, um, publicly, and and even with, you know, and even with AJ. So, really, what was discussed in the past is kind of irrelevant. Um, you know, the the key will be if and when Anthony chooses to return to boxing. When he does that, or if he does that, we will then start to see what our road map looks at. But, as I said, at the moment, those conversations are a long way away. I'll rattle through. Uh, got I've got loads I could ask you, but I know you're busy. Just a quickie. Thoughts on potentially Usyk fighting Wilder. Wilder's a lucky boy if he gets that, Eddie. Yeah, I don't know. Like, Usyk, you know, I I I was with Usyk in Saudi, and I said to him, "Deontay Wilder, yeah?" And he was like, "Yes." I said, "That's interesting." Like, and he made a point. He said, "I want to fight all the people from my sort of generation." He said, "The three people who were the key fighters of my era, and I know there's some youngsters coming through, but, you know, is AJ, Fury, and Wilder. These are the two biggest names. And you have to give an honorable mention to Daniel Dubois, by the way, because, you know, but he's beat him twice, right? So, he's beat Fury twice, he's beat AJ twice, he's beat Wilder twice. And I think he's thinking, "I think Wilder on my resume would be would be nice." Um, Wilder's a big draw, you know, he's still, but for me, he's well past his best, and I don't see it as a an overly competitive fight. But, as always, in this crazy business we work in, if someone's ready to pay for it, it will happen. And And, you know, it might be one of those fights where, at the moment, when people are talking about it me included might go "Mm." But then when you see it on the poster, you go, "Wow, you know, what if?" But, you know, for me, Usyk is a phenomenon. You know, I mean, he's I saw him in Saudi. Look looks fantastic. He's like he's a specimen. He And you know, mentally he's so strong, you know? So, yeah, looking forward to to seeing what's next for Usyk. What did he say? He's got two or three fights left. Great. More good news for boxing. I'll rattle through this cuz I know you've got to go but I just want to get your answers on this. Why have you got Leo Utang really exciting for you? And then question we've had here, could we see Katie Taylor in the ring against Ronda Rousey? And then finally a word on Dalton Smith. Yeah, so Leo Utang, you know, when we just talked there about AJ, Fury, Usyk, you've got this new wave coming through, you know, particularly Moses Itauma. And then probably two years behind him is Leo Utang. You know, I think this kid three and 0 now, three knockouts, you know, hasn't gone past the first round yet, but he is, in my opinion, the future of heavyweight boxing, you know? And and I rate Itauma and and I think that these guys are going to lock horns over the next few years in in some big big world championship fights, but Leo reminds me so much of Anthony, you know, in his his professionalism, his his physique and his stature, his speed, his combination punching, and the way that he can interact with people, not just fans, but people. You know, he lights up a room with with his smile like like Anthony. And and you know, he's a long way to go. He's a young man, 19 years of age. Um but the future is bright and he'll be back out January 24th in Newcastle. Um Katie Taylor against Ronda Rousey. I don't really see the legs in it if I'm honest. I mean, you know, Ronda Rousey is an incredible MMA fighter, WWE. Boxing, I don't think it's really that competitive. But again, in the world that we live in, you know, AJ against Jake Paul wasn't really that competitive. So, and it did extremely well. So, um I think really again, when we talk about fighting again, Katie has got to make her decision. Will she fight again? And and there is probably a good chance she might not. There's also a chance she might, but you know, she's done so much. And I think it's going to take something very special to make her fight again. So, we'll see. And you know, in terms of Dalton Smith, just one of the greatest nights I've ever witnessed. I mean, you know, we lose the purse bid. We're the away fighter. When you talk about away days, this was like going up to Macclesfield when it's, you know, absolutely torrential rain, right? And there's a a replacement bus service. You know, we couldn't even get a direct train. It was like we You talk about the odds being against you. This was it. And we all said, "Fair dues, you know, this guy, crazy guy involved, wants to stick up this kind of money. We'll go. We go to Brooklyn. The whole thing's based on Puerto Rican pride and all this kind of stuff. We're well in the lion's den." And what Dalton Smith did was produce one of the great performances from a British fighter on away soil. I'm talking John H. Stracey. I'm talking Lloyd Honeyghan against Donald Curry. You know, Kell Brook against um Shawn Porter. This was a absolutely historic performance, not just because he won the world championship in Brooklyn off the champion, but the way that he did it. You know, he stood and he went to war with the monster. And he beat him at his own game. And you know, Dalton Smith should be a hero in in this country for sports fans, fight fans, everybody. And he'll be returning home for a big fight in the summer. And that should always eternally go down as one of the greatest wins from a British fighter. And I was so proud. It was honestly probably my best away day I've ever experienced. And that's up there with Kell. That's up there with Barker against Gill, which was, you know, so historic. Um Taylor-Serrano, you know, so many great away days. But when your back's against the wall and you pull it out of the back, it's very very special.