Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to our weekly boxing chat. I'm Andy Scott and we have lots to discuss and plenty of exciting guests. Two fighters from the Midlands will be joining me on set in part two. But first, we must reflect on that hug, hugely dramatic fight between Joseph Parker and Fabio Wardley. Uh let's let's welcome uh a man who was not center stage, but he might as well have been uh at the weekend. It's the body snatcher, Dillian White. Uh Dillian, great to have you. Um just what a fight first off uh at the weekend. I know you were front row and you had a real investment there because Fabio Wardley's been with you since the start. Just talk us through your perspective of the fight uh the performance and the finish as well. &gt;&gt; You know, I think Fabio did an amazing job. You know, I think he boxed well in stages. He fought he shows that he's always a battle battle and he shows that he can pull it out when he need to you know I mean obviously he was hurt a couple of times I think it it was amazing fight they kept on hurting each other but when it mattered Fabio knuckled down and got the stoppage and people say oh it might be soft stoppage and the other but listen Joseph Parker is always complaining all the time complaining complaining but what people have to realize is heavyweight boxing the referee's in there the referee have to make the decision one punch one one too much too many punches can cause someone losing their life or being alive or going home to their kids and not going home to their kids and the referee he's he's got the bird's eye view basically he can see exactly what's happening all the fighters responding and you know watching for the fighters respond I was sitting there thinking myself oh my days like I can't believe that and throw this kind of punches and and and receive this kind of punches &gt;&gt; it's interesting so Howard Foster is the man you're talking about the referee I was going to come to that later Let let's go there straight away. You're sitting ringing side. In your immediate reaction, are you thinking that that that's the the perfect stoppage? It's the right time. I I I think it was a good stoppage because some I I think if he fast forward to run, we went to run two. Fabio um Parker sp his gum shoot out cuz he was hurt bad. He sp his gum shoot out. He was one punch away from getting a devastating knockout which probably would have been very bad. I think because he they kept on getting hurt throughout the fight or for just just made a decision. And I think it's referees are in a very very tough tough position because if he lets it go one one punch and then he gets hurt and he ends up in a a coma or he dies or something and everybody say oh you should have stopped it two three rounds ago or whatever you know. So I just think he made a perfect call to be honest cuz Parker wasn't responding. He took about six seven unanser punches. He was like s rocking and rolling but he wasn't punching back. He's experienced he's he's a real champion. He should know either hold take a knee or punch back and referees going to stop it. Yeah, it's it's interesting, isn't it? Uh, is it now time for the boxing world to give Fabio the respect he properly deserves? Uh, there there are a lot of jokes online and he laughs at them all, but White Collar Wardley, Fabio from accounts because of, you know, used to work in a call center and stuff like that. It hasn't been a traditional route to the top, &gt;&gt; but he is now one away, you think, from from Usyk that the whole thing going in was the winner fights Usyk for undisputed. So, is it time that we actually give him the respect he deserves? &gt;&gt; You know, um I think people should have given the respect he deserved a while ago. But like from from me personally, I give him that respect a long time ago because I saw something in him that itself is just seen now and the world is just seeing now. So I I believe he should got respect a long time ago. Beat Frasier Clark twice in my opinion. you know, he's beating um he just he just keeps beating all these guys better than him, guys boxers than him, guys who who should have been who should be destroying him and he just beats him up easily, you know, and and the way he fights it's like I don't like the way he fights to be honest cuz it aged me. Every time I watch a fight, I feel like I'm 10 years older to be honest. But &gt;&gt; now you know what it feels like yourself. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, I know. And that's the thing. It make me think, oh, what where's my family and friends and supporters feel like watching me fight, you know? But I think he should get all the credit in the world, man. I think I think Fabio is going to be a world champion and I would be surprised if he end up being undisputed world champion. &gt;&gt; We're going to show you a clip now. We had this lovely moment after the final bell um between you and him and you referenced it. It referenced it there. You know the what you saw in him. Let's just have a quick look at this. And you can't actually hear it, but what what he's actually saying there is uh you changed my life. You changed my life. Can you just expand on that because you two have been together for a very long time now. &gt;&gt; You know what? He came this far with me a few years ago. He had two two two fights or three fights. I think he had I think he turned pro by then. He had like one or two fight was in a manager that wasn't taking care of him. No one care who he was or what he was doing. And then sparred and I thought to myself, this is this guy's not normal. Just the way he move, he's got like a a certain bounce in his step and he's so reactive and he's so creative in what he does and he's unorthodox and he generate power from angle and I thought I saw a bit of him. I saw a bit of me in him but also a lot more than what I have. So I thought to myself, h, you know, at the time I wasn't even managing people at the time. I was just trying to get my career off the ground at the time. And I thought, you know what, let me give this guy a chance and and try and help him achieve his dream because he showed a lot of desire and he was hungry, but no one didn't care. You know what I mean? And I'm just glad that what I thought I see in him is actually, you know, is true, you know? &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's come to fruition now. Um, do you think that he will get the Usyk fight next? That was the big buildup, wasn't it? I've already mentioned it. Uh, Joseph Parker started as favorite, I think, with the book makers and they were saying, you know, &gt;&gt; are we going to see Usyk Parker? Fabio's absolutely ripped that up. Do you think that Usyk will now honor that, keep hold of the the WBO uh as well and and we will see Fabio in there for undisputed? &gt;&gt; Well, Usyk doesn't seem to run away from a minute challenge. He's facing he's faced all the best fighters fight and fight. If you look at the last 10 fight that Alexander Usyk had is he's it's the best fighters at cruiserweight the best in the world the best at heavyweight the best in the world. So there's no reason why and he seems to get up for big fights and her fights. So there's no reason why you shouldn't fight Fabio. You know obviously the dynamics of boxing's changed a little bit. you know, it's people, you know, obviously the fights that people want to see and stuff like that and obviously who Turkey wants who to fight and these promoters. So, you never know, maybe a big fight might come out the left field for us and they think, you know, I will just vacate the belt and fight someone else because it makes more sense. But as a fan and as the kind of person I think he is, I don't think I don't think he'll vacate. I think we'll fight Fabia award cuz I think if he beat Fabia award on top of all the list of people already beaten then that puts him as um definitely the greatest fight of the last um 20 years to be honest you know because he's fought champions contenders tough contenders and he's fighting different fighters across different generation as well you know you know and beating him he's beating all the guys of his generation the guys before him and the guys that's coming after him so Yeah, &gt;&gt; let's talk about you now. You were you were there on stage with your old foe Derek Chisora. Uh, and at the weekend it wasn't agreed, but I've seen some stuff online uh over the last day or so. Are you now signed to fight Derek Chazora in December? &gt;&gt; Well, the fight is we're not there yet, but obviously there's interest in the fight from both side, but obviously rightly so. He said he's happy with the paperwork and I think none of us is happy with it. So we're um hiding out the the small cruises and just you know these big fights so there's lots of things that need to be nailed down and and agreed and he wants this I want that and he wants this the TV station what the promoters want this so we did but like I said to listen whatever you want to whatever you want whatever you want to split whatever you want to do cuz he was saying oh when I thought your f give me this split and that split and we should do this and do this and put a floating bonus to the win I said listen whatever you want to to do it. I just want to fight. I don't care. I'm not getting any younger, you know, and I won't be able to do this forever. So, I just want to fight. I just want to fight the best fighters. And he's definitely This is definitely the best fight for me at the moment because I can go and fight one of these other guys that no one cares about and say, "I just coming off a loss. I want to stay busy, keep busy, and do all that stuff and come back." No, I going against Derek's number one contender in the Goblin Bodies, I think. So, you know, I've always taken hard fights. I've always won a hard fight. So, and there is no chump. It doesn't matter. Even if he's a thousand years old, he's still going to be a worry. You stand in front of him, he's going to slug and keep slugging until one of us go down. So, I think it's a great fight and it's a good fight to get me right back where um where I'm trying to get to. So, yeah, perfect fight. &gt;&gt; You're 2-0 up in the rivalry and he has been very open in the fact that he said this will be his last fight. Mhm. &gt;&gt; I mean, usually you sort of get an engraved silver plate or an engraved mug or something like that for a retirement present. What What are you planning on here? Another one of those left hooks from hell. [clears throat] &gt;&gt; Let's see. It's going to be a complete white wash. That's all I'm saying. Three and 0. Complete whitewash. What is it about the two of you that brings out the best in each other if you don't mind me saying? Because the first one was a classic and this was the second one which was just as good which finished in one of the the best one punch knockouts you'll see. &gt;&gt; You know what we just a lot of pride and obviously you know we we we respect each other but we don't particularly like each other as per say but we have a lot of respect for each other and you know he he says a lot of stuff but when I say stuff he takes it personally. He says to me, "Oh, he's going to destroy me in two rounds. Going to go through me like laxative pills and this and the other." And then when I say something, he takes it personally because I said to his nephew, "I'm going to hurt him this time." He's taking it personally. He says, "Uh, he's really upset me this and the other." D is a bully. He's the big sensitive bully. You know what I mean? So, that's what it is. But, you know, I've always been someone that that spanked bullies my whole life. So, it's just another bully that I spanked already. I'm going to spank him again. Spank the donkey again. That's it. I reckon if we did this 10 times, it'd be 10 good fights between the two of you. Listen, we got to let you go cuz we've got some more guests coming on in the next part. But thank you very much for joining us and all the best in December if and when it happens. &gt;&gt; Cheers. God bless. Cheers. Peace.