Kind: captions Language: en But let's get our next guest on the show. Fight week's underway over in America. A fighter that we're very much familiar with on Sky Sports. Delighted to say that joining us is the unified super featherweight world champion, Alycia Baumgardner. Alycia, great to see you and welcome to the show. Just how excited are you to get sort of the talking done and and get fight week underway there with Bo Reiss in the opposite corner, someone we know very very well. Yes, well first it's a pleasure and I am more than excited for fight week. Friday is slowly approaching. Preparation has been amazing and I'm ready. I'm ready to put on a show. I'm ready to be in there and be in my sanctuary. We know, I think both of you pretty well because obviously you you've boxed over here a couple of times and on Sky Sports before. But Bo Reiss is someone we know as well because she fought Caroline Dubois at the Royal Albert Hall and she was all action to be quite honest. She was a very TV friendly fighter. What sort of version of Bo Reiss are you expecting? The version I'm expecting is the same one that you saw. Someone who's excited to be here for one and two, the warrior spirit that she has. She doesn't have no let up. She's coming forward. She's aggressive and I know she's just excited to share the ring with me. Because she comes forward in that manner, she does present opportunities and we know how spiteful and vicious that you have been in the past. Do you think that if the opportunity presents itself you could get a win here with a statement performance inside the distance? 100%. Timing is everything. You saw that fight with Terri Harper. I have very great IQ, very great timing when it comes to landing the punch and I don't waste any punches. So I definitely see myself timing her and not sure if it's going to be the right or the left. Yeah, I wouldn't want to be her. Let's put it that way. Now I approach this with all respect but all caution as well. So mostly from our side there's been a lot of hype around Caroline Dubois and you've been quite vocal online and in recent interviews about the chances of you two facing each other. Just put your side of the story across to us on Sky Sports News. Do you think that is a fight that can happen sooner rather than later or is the ball very much in Caroline's court and you think that she needs to earn the right? You know, every fight is a potential fight. I think Caroline on her end needs to continue to build who she is as a champion. You know, she's mentioned plenty of times becoming undisputed at 135 while I'm still at 130 defending my world titles. When we talk about building a fight, when we talk about what it is to entertain, those fights need to be worked on and she needs to put some more skin in the game as I mentioned. I've done my part. I've shown plenty of times that I put on great shows and I became undisputed. I put the work in and now she needs to do the same and then call me out. But I think I just mentioned or I think I just heard she wants to move to 147. So I think she's really ducking me at this point. So we'll just have to see. May I ask you if it could become a reality? You've had really good experiences over here in the UK. You're well known here. Would you entertain coming back one more time? You know, there's going to be plenty of times to come back to the UK. So not only for a Caroline but for many other for many other fighters. So we'll see. I love the UK. They always show me love and we just have to see what boxing holds. We're just watching pictures of you fighting Mikaela Mayer which I know was very very sweet moment for you. Just a final message if you can because this is a MVPW show that's live on Sky Sports. So just a reason why the UK fight fans should stay up and watch this from Alycia Baumgardner. Yes, so Friday night I would love for everybody to tune in just to see the level of what I'm going to do with Bo and just the the crossover of culture, entertainment and what it is to be the face of women's boxing. Great message. Thank you very much for joining us because you've got a lot on this week. So we do appreciate it. I wish you all the best in this MVPW fight card from New York. Thank you very much, Alycia Baumgardner. &gt;&gt; Thank you.