Kind: captions Language: en Boxing returns to Sky Sports on Easter Sunday. Terri Harper looking to add the WBC lightweight title to her repertoire. Terri, how has training been going so far? Sparring, your last session yesterday, you must be pleased to get that out of the way. Yeah, it's it's always great when you've got the final spar. Um and it's it's countdown to fight night now, so we're doing the final last bit of touch touch-ups and just a few more drills. Obviously, getting the weight down and stuff, but just keeping sharp and and focused for fight night. And what does it mean for you to be headlining a fight of such magnitude? Some of the best British female boxers are on the card next weekend. What's it like to be top of that card? Oh, it's it's everything I've dreamed of from being a young amateur. Um I think it only hit me the other week. I was driving to the gym and I was like, "Oh, I'm I'm headlining Sky Sports." So, it's I think I've just been that focused on on the job I've got to do. So, um I think once it's once it's all been and gone, I can sit back and realize what I've done. You've been involved in so many big fights over the course of the last 5 years. How have those experiences shaped you heading into this fight? Does that give you an edge? 100%. I feel like um as a fighter I've experienced probably everything you can you can experience. Broken hand, cuts, pull-outs, um morning of fight and stuff, so uh yeah, as a fighter I've got a lot under my belt and a lot of experience and I know I'm going to be able to use that to my advantage on the night. Yeah, how important an advantage do you think that is having those experiences heading into a fight against Caroline who's unbeaten but hasn't experienced anything near what you have in the sport? It's huge. It's again, it's it's my advantage and I've had I've I've like I said, I've experienced everything and um on the night I know kind of you kind of know how to play the rounds and and certain scenarios, so I'm just going to use it all to my advantage. Caroline has had a lot to say in the build-up to this fight. Has that surprised you a bit? Uh no. I'm glad she's had a lot to say because she's she's obviously done she's done the dirty work for us and she's she's selling the fight. Um I say it would have been quite hard if we were both quiet and polite like myself, but yeah, Caroline's Caroline's done the work now and uh it's time for me to do the work on Sunday night. And in terms of next Sunday, how do you plan on beating Caroline? In one of the interviews in the Gloves Are Off, you suggested that she perhaps may tire at the end of fights. She will tire, 100%. Um the pattern's set, you can see it. Um and Caroline obviously going over to America for 3 weeks training is not going to miraculously improve her fitness, so um I just I just need to go out there, focus on myself, and do what do what I do best. I've I've trained hard and um yeah. She's been speaking about a late stoppage. Do you think she's got the power to trouble you? Uh she's got the power if I stand there to allow it me, but um I can't a late stoppage, I can't see it at all. Obviously, Caroline, like I said, you can see that she fades um second half of the fight, so um I'd be quite surprised if she carries that power through. So, with that in mind, is the plan for you to to sort of stay in that fight in the early rounds and then look to do your best work towards the end? I can't be giving much away, but um yeah, we just I'm just going out there doing what doing what we've worked on over the last 12 weeks. We've got a great game plan and um we've got a plan A, plan B, plan C, so yeah. Tell us about the rivalry because it does feel very real between you and Caroline. You seem very opposite and clearly there is there is a rivalry there. There's a there's a real sense of both of you wanting to get one over the other. I think for me it's just I I don't like rude people, don't like bullies, and that's the vibe she gives me, so she just rubs me up the wrong way and um it's great though because that's what I need as a fighter cuz I'm I'm probably I'm a bit laid-back and and probably kind, so she gives me that little fire in my belly that I need to to go out there and actually want to go and do the work on her. Do you think she respects you because when you consider what you've done in this sport, you're the first British woman to win a world title in three different weight divisions, but in some ways it feels like you're being perceived as the underdog. Yeah, that's I I enjoy being the underdog and uh I've been on been the underdog before and um we saw how that turned out, obviously against Dixon. Um for me there's no pressure. Caroline's the one who's been running her mouth and it's she's got the points to prove, so What do you feel is at stake for the winner? Clearly, you'll get the chance to unify the lightweight division, but what else is at stake? Everything. Um I think I think as a fighter the dream is to become uh undisputed and this is a step close to to doing that. And obviously now the Ring magazine belt's up for grabs, it's just that extra little bit of um extra bit of gold for for us to win, so yeah. What do you think happens next Sunday? Terri Harper wins. And what would it mean to Terri Harper for that to be the case? That would be my career topped and I've achieved everything that I could probably achieve. We cannot wait to see it all unfold next week on Sky Sports. Boxing returns. Terri Harper taking on Caroline Dubois in a fight you can watch live on Sky Sports on Easter Sunday.