Kind: captions Language: en Yes, hello. Not long now till the rematch. It was such an incredible first fight and we can't wait for the second one. Benn v Eubank part two. And I know I've had the pleasure of spending the last couple of hours watching training. You're looking good. You're feeling good? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I feel good, man. I'm always training. I'm always grafting, working hard. So, I'm just excited to get in there November 15th. A few weeks away now. You haven't stopped smiling that whole time. You look I don't know there's something different this time. I don't know what it What is it? I'm seeing you, mate. What do you mean? Seeing your face. But no, I mean Is there Is there more excitement this time? Uh it feels very different. I'm a lot calmer. You got to remember there was unknown variables before. First fight I put on 160. It was my first fight back in the UK in 3 years. First fight back in 14 months. Um so, for me there was Yeah, it was a lot of excitement, a lot of nerves. You know, this time around I'm excited to just get in there and I know what I'm in for. Chris Eubank Jr. said not all terms have been completely agreed for the rematch. Do you know what that's about? He's always got issues, isn't he? He said it the first time and I can only promise you now for as long as he's fighting it won't be the last. Um Bomac in his corner this time. In terms of that for you, does that change anything for you in terms of preparation for him? Of course I'm going to still go in there and try and land him out. Do you mean? I'm still looking for that right hand on his chin. Straight on his Take a bit of that. Yeah, yeah, no, it don't make no difference to me. I'm still going to go in there and do what I do. Everybody knows what they're in for when they tune in to watch one of my fights. You know, and it's sheer excitement all the way through from start to finish. You know, you got to remember the fights that I want to give people I want people to remember how they I made them feel 20 years later. You know, and and giving people value for money. That's what That's entertainment. I think a lot of fighters forget that. I'd rather lose in exciting fight than win a boring fight. Do you know what I mean? So, for me I'm just going to go in there and put it straight on him. Do you know what? A lot more people are backing you this time. A lot more. &gt;&gt; Are they? Oh, yes. So, that How does that make you feel? &gt;&gt; Oh, it makes me feel all right. Makes me feel pretty good about myself as it happens. Yeah, but do you Do you feel that as well? Cuz a lot of people are thinking we don't know we don't know in the first fight. But then, you know what? They do now. What Joe is is he's competed at a higher level. Um he's competed, you know, against higher opposition, better opposition. Um he's competed at 160 his whole career. So, for me it was Can Conor do it on the big stage? You know, in a stadium. Can Conor perform at 160, you know, two weights above my natural weight division? Um you know, can Conor deal with the experience? Um I ticked it all off, you know. So, for me it was just a matter of going in there and staying calm. You know, for me I would just wanted to go in there and and and render him unconscious. I don't know people say that's barbaric. At the end of the day, that's what people pay to see. Do you know what I mean? No one wants to see anyone pat a pillow around the ring. I want to go in there and try and do some damage. Um and nothing's changed. Well and in fairness, you did hurt him. He said He said you hurt him. So, what What's the difference this time around? Is it less emotion? How How are you going to approach it? &gt;&gt; Listen, it's all well and said and done hurting him. You know, you know, we we're both hurting there, but I didn't keep him down, did I? You know, so for me it's a matter of going in there and and making making sure I secure the victory at all costs. For me it was a matter of round on round going in there and and hurting him. I don't I wouldn't even going back to the corner wondering whether I had won the round or lost the round. I know it was a close fight, but I was just going in there and and each round it weren't like a matter of Did I win that round, Tom? Did I win that round? Just me going in there. Call next round you got more of that. Next round you got more of that again. You know, every round it was a matter of I don't even want the bell to go. I don't even need a breather. I was up 30 seconds before the bell had gone every single round. I was up ready, fresh, ready to go. You know, and he used his experience well. Um he used his weight well. Um and and you know, that's what made the difference on the night. So, I plan on using all the experience I gained to go in there and uh still flatten him. If you won this one, would you &gt;&gt; Mate, mate, mate. Sorry. &gt;&gt; don't use that word around here. That ain't in my vocabulary. I don't even know what word means. Do you want to start again? Right, here we go. Ready? Go on. Ready. When &gt;&gt; Yeah. Come on. Yeah. Go on. Have a bit of that. Yeah, boy. Right. Right. When you win the rematch, Yeah, when you win, You think there's going to be a third? Ah. Is it I'll beat you to it? Come on. I'm doing your job. &gt;&gt; I know. Oh, that's me gone. See you everyone. Bye. And would you consider it? Or would &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean, listen. It What What do the public want? The public want me to go in there and I'm a servant to the public. What you guys want, you guys get. Whether that's me jumping up two weight divisions, whether that's me fighting whoever you guys want me to fight. I'm there for it. You think I'm worried about any man? What can a man do to me? What can a man do to me? Do you know what I mean? And that's my mindset. He ain't going to do nothing to me. What's the worst thing that's going to happen? Do you know what I mean? So, for me whatever the public want, they can have it. Whether that's Queen Ryan, whether that's Devin Haney, whether that's Shakur Stevenson, whether that's Barrios, whether that's Pacquiao, whether whoever it is. Any of them I can get it. I ain't concerned. I'll go over there and beat up all the Yanks. And Are you excited for not just not just the the next fight you've got, but for over the next few years? I see it. You just got me like all ready to go again. I just finished my session. I could go again, honestly. I'm trying. Yeah, yeah, I mean, yeah, listen. I've got I've got a while left in the game. 28 years 29 now. Cool. Getting on a little bit now. I'm 40 next week, so don't worry about it. &gt;&gt; Don't worry. You don't look a day over 25. Got to It must be all that makeup you're wearing. No, it's Yeah, listen. I've got I've got 5, 6 years left in the game, I reckon. And we'll see. Listen, there's loads of fights out there for me. My job is for as long as I am here, which ain't for a long time, but I'm here for a good time. And if the public, you know, want entertainment, you know whose fights to tune into. And the prediction it's going to be another memorable night? That's for sure. No doubt. I mean, for as long as you got Eubank and Benn mixing it, you know, it's always going to be memorable. You know, we fight for family pride. We fight with our hearts. We fight with every ounce of blood we have in us. We're born fighters. Well, you did everyone proud last time, believe me. Conor Benn ready for November the 15th. It's always a pleasure.