Kind: captions Language: en quite an eventful day for me. Eventful is an understatement, but guess what? That's the business we're in. Boxing is a very uh flamboyant industry. You never know what's going to happen. You seem calm, which is a good thing. I have no choice. What am I going to do? Get upset, get flustered, get angry at the situations I'm in at the moment. um you know 100 uh £500,000 fine uh for being 0.5 pounds over the limit. It's uh it's unfortunate but it's not going to affect the outcome of tomorrow night. As you say, just such a small amount and such a lot of money. Size of a factory, size of a bar, it's quite hefty, don't you think? Um what can you do? you know, I uh I asked them to let me go and urinate to get it off. They refused. This is the people that we are dealing with. Um no code. Um but at the end of the day, everything happens for a reason and I'm confident that I'm going to go out there and do the job and ahead of no issues ahead of the way tomorrow for you. You got to do it all over again in the morning. I do. That's the uh insane part about all of this. For the first time in my career, I'm going to have a second day weighin. So, I've got to watch what I eat. I can't drink too much. I can't eat too much. I can't rehydrate uh as much as I usually would. Um otherwise, another half a mill comes off the uh off the table. So, I've got to be careful. And money's made you, you know, but it's it's more it's it's the family name as well, isn't it, for you? So, it is a lot of money, but it is the family name, the pride of the name, the Eubank name, which you're so proud of. You talked about it as well so well yesterday about what you've had to endure over the last few years that really got so many people. You talked about the pain you've endured. You know, the pain of making weight pales in comparison to, you know, the uh the struggles that I've been through uh over recent years and and and right now. And there are actually things that have happened during camp that the public don't know about that um you know no one would have been able to work through. I'm here. I never gave up. I never quit. Um we are here to do a job to keep the dynasty, the legacy, the name going. That is the most important thing. Forget the money, forget the fame, forget the hype, forget the eggs, whatever you guys want to talk about. Uh the Eubank name is what is close to my heart and that's what I'm going to be representing. That was a fantastic evation you got out there. One final message to the fans ahead of such a magnificent night we've got in store. You know, this fight is going to be one of the best fights that the British public have seen, you know, for at least the last decade. It has that potential. My goal is to go out there and make sure this fight, you know, outdo what my father and Nigel Ben did 35 years ago. That's how big this fight is. That's how amazing this fight can be if we both go out there and do what we're supposed to do. So, tune in and then hopefully maybe in down the line when it's the right time for him and everybody, you can actually see your father at some point again at some point. I would love that. You know, at the end of the day, uh boxing is a career and a short one at that. your father is um he is there for your lifetime. So regardless of the disagreements we have at the moment around my boxing career at the end of the day he's my he's my father I'm his son and uh we all make it work. Do you mind if I say something to you? But I once had the pleasure of interviewing you many many many years ago in Brighton and it was he wanted you to participate in the Olympics and he was like a press officer all over you and answering for you and I know back then there was so much love. So I really hope you can get that sorted because life is too short. Amen.