Kind: captions Language: en Hello and welcome to Toeto Toe. I'm Andy Scott. I'm delighted to say we've got a stacked lineup for you this week. Former world champion Chris Bum Smith and elite trainer Don Charles both with me. Thank you for coming in today. Great to have you with us. We'll be hearing from them shortly. But first, I'm pleased to say we're joined by Tyson Fury's manager from Gold Star. It's Spencer Brown. Hello, Spencer. &gt;&gt; How you doing, Andy? Nice to see you. &gt;&gt; Yeah, thank you very much for coming on. I mean there's there's lots to talk about with Tyson Fury, but you've got a lot of fighters, a lot of runners and riders at the moment. And I just want to touch on a couple of those names first. So Agit Cabo, I mean he's he's the best of the chasing pack, isn't he? Coming off this unbelievable win over Damen Kiba. Uh I say unbelievable. Unbelievable atmosphere and a solid performance. What did you make of it all out there? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it was uh if you was out there the crowd were unbelievable. It was um I've never seen anything like it actually and all being fights in boxing for all these years. It was incredible the atmosphere. [clears throat] I think anybody was there will tell you it was one of the best atmospheres we've ever seen and and we only want the the biggest names for Agit. You know, you know, we still want this Usyk fight desperately. You know, that's where we want to end up as quickly as possible. &gt;&gt; I know with the current situation, you know, it's very very unlikely that he can return to boxing a stadium in Ukraine. Um, you would think that boxing someone like Cabielle in a big German stadium in the summer uh has a sort of a lucrative lure for him. How likely do you think that that could be? &gt;&gt; Well, we think we can sell 70,000 in in Germany. We've we've awoke a sleeping giant and I think it can only get bigger and it will only get bigger, but we need the big big names. Usyk, you know, is the biggest name in the sport. him and Tyson Fury, Anthony Joshua, they're the big names in the sport and we want to get him over there. Um, obviously it's not going to be cheap, but we are trying our hardest to to to get Usyk to go to Germany. And don't forget that the biggest population of his of his people are in Germany. So, you know, it would be it'd be huge. It'd be a huge event and it would open up the German market massively. It was interesting post fight that he said, "Look, you know, Tyson Fury's helped me out so many times. He's like a brother to me. I won't fight him." Um, so that sort of leads us on to Tyson Fury and we're all playing the game now and we're hoping you can help. Uh, he's back. Uh, when do you expect him to fight and who against realistically? &gt;&gt; Look, there's there's there's four or five different opponents we're looking at. There's a few that that um, tweak our interest. Um, we're looking we're looking to, you know, we we are really down the road with the contract. So, we've got a we've got a bit more work on them or quite a bit more work on them, but we are down the road. An announcement is is imminent. Um, you know, and you will see Tyson back in the ring and and the opponent, you know, we're we're we're looking and talking to various opponents at this very moment. &gt;&gt; You represent Jerel Miller. Is there &gt;&gt; I will say as well, we're looking to get out in April. April. Okay, that's fair enough. Uh Arsenal Beck Makmoudov is a name that I've heard you say. I know you represent a number of heavyweights. Jerel Miller is one of those. The likes of Wardley, Dubois don't feel like comeback fights. They feel like big fights and and potential world title fights down the road, especially in Wardley's case. Is Mmud, would you say, the lead contender? &gt;&gt; I'd say that he's in the top three or four. Yeah, most definitely. and we're looking we're looking at five or six different opponents. But yeah, he would be in the top. Uh but that that's not for me to announce. That's the promoters will announce that. Everybody's working very hard to to get this fight underway. So that wouldn't be my position to actually announce that or but yes, all I can confirm to you is he is one of the one of the three or four we are looking at very closely. &gt;&gt; Back in April and obviously we gather that that will form some sort of can call it a comeback fight. Do you think he still has it in him to become world champion once again? &gt;&gt; Oh, most definitely. Um, all reports back and I speak to Tyson daily. He's really enjoying boxing again. He's he's enjoying it. He's in uh he's in he's in Thailand. Um, very hot 50°. Um, he hasn't started sparring yet or anything, but he's having a great time. He's really really enjoying his boxing and he's really looking forward to coming back. You know, anybody those boys sat there with you'll tell you the buzzer. It all was incredible, you know. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, he's he's active on his Instagram and it's keeping us all hooked. Really? &gt;&gt; Oh, he's he's keeping us all informed, isn't he? On his Instagram. That's a certain crazy at the moment. &gt;&gt; Let's be honest. He's keeping us all on our toes. If you come down one division to the cruiserweights, I was interested to see Zufa Boxing who are, you know, into the marketplace this weekend. They have announced Japet as their signing at Cruiserweight. I saw gold star on the poster. Um yeah, what do you think happens with Opataya? Um he wants undisputed fights. There's a lot of question marks about how that's all going to play out. What can you tell us? &gt;&gt; Well, I think it's quite easy really. I I think he will stay in the the the position he is with the belts. Um you know, he might have signed for Zea, but Zur's in no position to put their own belts on. In future, they will be. Obviously, they're looking to be a massive powerhouse in boxing and with with with this signing of Jetire, you know, it looks like that they've come right in at the highest level. You know, I don't think there's more too many more exciting fighters out there. You know, I think uh I think you've got a gentleman there, Bill, Mr. Bill Smith, who who could actually fight Jon be a great fight. I think we've we've tried to get that fight on before and um and obviously we we have an interest with Jetar. We have done for a long time. We got him all his fights in um in Riyad season. So it's sort of carried on from there. But um I I think he's he's got to go for unified belts and he can you know he's we can still fight for belts at the moment. I've heard reports that Zufa, you know, he's going to go for a Zua belt. He doesn't need to. He can still fight for for for any other belt. Just cuz he signed with Zufa, it doesn't mean he's they're just a promotional company, aren't they, at the moment. &gt;&gt; Well, I I can tell you I can ask Chris uh later on, but we discussed it exclusively on the Toto podcast. So, download it, Spence, wherever you get your podcast from, you get full answers on on Chris's take on it. One more before you go because I don't want to keep you for too long. Hamza, Shiraz, Diego Pacheco purse bids. Um, what can you tell me? and and I I wonder if the winner of that fight as and when it happens is being lined up for Canelo in September. &gt;&gt; Well, listen, Frank Frank and George Warren are working very hard. Rich, we all um you know, we would want we want the Pacheco fight. We want we wanted the Embilly fight. We Hamza Sheiraz, what I love about him, he will fight anybody. But our ultimate goal is the man you just said. You know, we want the Canelo fight and we we think he's in the position now with one more fight after Pacheco and Billy, whoever we're going to fight, he's in the position to take Canelo's crown. We really really believe that. &gt;&gt; Listen, you've given us a lot to get our teeth into there, Spencer. Thank you very much for for joining us. That's going to set the headline writers um a very busy afternoon. So, thank you for joining us and uh hopefully we'll have an update soon enough with that Tyson Fury opponent. &gt;&gt; Thank you. Good afternoon. Have a &gt;&gt; good afternoon to you as well. Let's let's bring these two gentlemen in. I we'll come to the cruiserweights, but I want to bring you in, Don. I do maybe falsely I associate you as the the Doyan of heavyweight knowledge because you've trained so many uh successful ones. What do you make of Tyson Fury's return? Uh if it's let's let's say it's Mm Mudov. That's putting two and two together. I'm getting five. But he sort of hinted at Mmudov there. Tyson Fury heavyweight boxing better with him back. &gt;&gt; Most definitely. Um he's a character. He brings a lot to the table. He he brings a he's an a nonpredictable guy and uh so yeah, we we welcome him. I certainly welcome and the boxing fraternity I'm sure would uh welcome his um comeback. &gt;&gt; One I could have asked him about there but I saved it for you. Tony Joker, you know, very, very interesting. You train Tony. I talk about that chasing pack, and I don't mean that as an insult to anyone, but outside the champions, there's this big group of runners and riders that can all have a shot. Tony Yoka was the poster boy of French boxing. Probably is still the poster boy boxing. Is he the man in your stable, you think, that can challenge these guys and really um make an impact? &gt;&gt; Most definitely. That is the plan. &gt;&gt; That is the plan. &gt;&gt; Okay. Well, I'll come back to you shortly. Good to have you here, Chris. something we could talk about &gt;&gt; good to be &gt;&gt; Bulmer Football Club, [clears throat] couldn't we? And Seno and things like that, but he he's sort of uh given us something to to bite on there. You know, Joay, you've you've had a a past with him. You you've had your second child and you've had this little period out ready to get back and and when do you think that that will be? And is Joay one of those that you you're sort of interested in or are there other champions? Name obviously one of the ones that's called you out in the past. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean I've had a lot of call outs recently. Uh it's right. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um the the longer I I'm out the ring, the more I get called out. So uh no, it's uh there's so many opportunities there. Um I'm I'm weighing up the options now. Me and my team are talking to everyone. So um we're we're we're open to offers. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Interesting. Overnight is broken as well. Cinco de Mayo weekend. Zuro is going to fight Benvdz. You know, David Benvdas coming up to your division. Um that's an interesting an interesting fight. And how long do you think before you could get a title shot? If you take into account where all the champions are. &gt;&gt; Um it it could be next. It could be one more fight than than than a title shot. Um I think it'll be no more than that. I've I've come back and and beaten Brandon Glanton who's highly ranked and people rate. Um so beat him convincingly. Um and I'm I'm feeling good. I'm feeling fresh and ready ready to go. So, um, let's, uh, let's see how the the politics of boxing work out and then, uh, yeah, we can we can get to work. &gt;&gt; This is, you know, when you fought Glanton and, um, he had a lot to say and and bought something different out of you. You know, you kept me council, but did your talking with your fist, which not the first time you've done it. Uh, the best days are still to come with Chris Bum Smith, would you say? &gt;&gt; Absolutely. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. It was um, I felt like I felt comfortable in the ring that night. Um, but there's so much more to come from me and I think the the best is yet to come. I'm excited. &gt;&gt; I know you want the bright lights of Vegas or or Madison Square Garden, but could we get, you know, Benvid Zudo Mian or Appetite to the Bick in Bournemouth? [laughter] Can they do it on a a wet rainy night in Bournemouth? I don't know. &gt;&gt; Um, I I know I know three and a half thousand people would be bang up for that. Um, but yeah, it's uh I'm so lucky to have that support in in the town. But then a lot of them are calling for an overseas fight in in America, whether that's MSG or Vegas. So, we'll see. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm I'm sure it's very very interesting. Talking of Americans, it brings me on to the heavyweights. I don't know if you saw this breaking overnight from state side. So, the source is over there and, you know, yet to verify it, but Derek Jazora against Deontay Wilder. Um, a lot of people thought it would be Usyk Wilder, but this rumor has sort of caught fire a little bit. you worked very successfully on a number of occasions with Derek. Um people talking about that as a warm-up fight for Wilder to fight uh Usyk later on. I mean that's a big mistake to take Derek as a warm-up, isn't it? &gt;&gt; I would say so. I wouldn't consider Derek irrespective of where he is in his career at the moment. I wouldn't choose as a a comeback fight [clears throat] or a warm-up fight. That's uh disrespectful. Um I think Wilder especially the in his last few fights I certainly wouldn't choose Derek Zoras but nevertheless if it's real then let it be. &gt;&gt; Let it be. Exactly right. May I ask you also about Daniel Dubois, Fabio Wardley. Um they're still at the top of their game. You know Daniel still a very very young man. Fabio Wardley is a genuine world champion now. Um, where do you see Daniel Dubois uh under Tony Sims? How do you see that playing out? Could you see him as a future opponent for Tony for Tony Tony Yoko obviously, but also for Tyson Fury? &gt;&gt; Most definitely. Daniel's young and what he's already achieved is remarkable at his age and heavyweights coming to the uh uh where he's at the moment with his age, they that's where he actually starts. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; So, it's uh exciting for him. I've been a part of his career forever. It will always be a part of me irrespective of we're not working together. But the young man given the opportunity, yes, he will go on to become a heavyweight world champion once again. &gt;&gt; Any ill feeling about how that all ended with Daniel? I mean, there was a lot of noise after, you know, the fight didn't go his way against Alexander Us. I don't think there's any shame in that. He's a generational talent, one of the best ever. Um, there was &gt;&gt; Party Gate, Gathering Gate, which you had to come out and gate &gt;&gt; front up, didn't he? Late to the venue. you the way it all played out at the end. Did you have any I don't know if regrets is the right word, but just about looking back how it played out. &gt;&gt; Disappointment is the word. Uh I was obviously terribly disappointed in the way it ended. Uh but it is what it is and I have to focus on the positives. We were together for two years and what we both done for each other for that two years will never leave me forever. So therefore, I will focus on the positives and I wish him nothing but the best. And he will, like I said, I've said it numerous times, but I'll say it again, he's going to go on to become a another world champion. He'll win it multiple times. &gt;&gt; And just last one before you go, Usyk, you've been in the opposite corner to him. Um, you know how good he is. Is he the best heavyweight of our generation? &gt;&gt; Most definitely. It's unquestionable. Come on. Not because he's beat he's beat everybody. Um, Himman Fury, you could question the the second fight in particular. Um, could have gone either way. He got the nod and uh, yeah, he's a generational great &gt;&gt; and the guy's a magician. It really is. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's been a pleasure to watch him, hasn't he? But, however that journey now plays out. It's very, very interesting in the heavyweight division at the moment and it's very, very interesting in the cruiserweights as well. Thank you to both of you. That is actually all we've got time for uh this