Kind: captions Language: en Let's get more on the passing of George Foreman who has died at the age of 76. Delighted to say that Sky Sports boxing analyst Johnny Nelson joins us. Johnny, good morning to you. Thank you so much for speaking to us as someone so steeped in in the world of boxing. What did George Foreman mean to you? George Foreman is part part of our boxing history. No matter what you think of him, this young man uh he'd been boxing two years and then he won an Olympic uh gold medal. This is how good he was. He was as strong as an ox. So, so his rating of terror until he met Ali was was legendary. People thought this guy is just big. He's a big lump. They didn't respect him because he didn't have the have the pedigree, but still he was so strong naturally. It was so instinctive. And then then he he lost to Jimmy Young. Went on. I remember actually sparring with Axel Schultz in 1995 in his fight against George Foreman. Now Axel Schultz who I sparred with was tough of tough as old boots and he got in with Foreman at 46 whatever it 40 45 46 and Foreman absolutely pummeled him and I thought and it shows levels of natural instinctive strength. So Foreman you know he he he actually car he carved himself out of career in and out of the ring. Obviously when he left he found God uh over the 10 year uh period when he walked away from my sport and then the George Foreman grill that made him that made him more money out of the ring than it did any ring and I think useless fact I think you offered it to Hulk Hogan and uh he didn't pick the phone up but anyway George Foreman he was the guy that actually it made such a difference in and out of the ring so for his passing he will go down in history as one of the toughest biggest bangers that are sport has ever created. That is that's an excellent grill fact to get us going there, Johnny. Um, let's talk about the early stages of his career. You touched on it, becoming an Olympic champion as a teenager, but in the pro ranks, that victory over Joe Frasier, I guess, was what really made people sit up and and take notice of George Foreman. Remember, George Foreman was only 24 years old at that point. 24 years old. And he literally bounced Joe Fraser all over the place. Joe Fraser. Look at what he did to Ali. Look at what he did to Joe Fraser was was was hell on feet. This guy was in your in your face. But George Foreman was not intimidated by anybody. And you know what? At the age of 75 plus this this guy, you even his older age, this guy didn't care. He just he had that aura about him. He was just a tough guy. And so when he got in there with George Form with Joe Fraser, Joe Fraser knew, "Wow, I've never ever been hit by this." And I don't think I'd probably measure him to Ernie Shavers, but I don't think we've ever seen anybody that tough. I mean tough I mean I don't mean a tough puncher. I mean a tough tough guy like George Fal. We've never seen anybody like that and I don't think we ever will. I think one of the things that really proves someone is a global sporting superstar is when what they do transcends their own sport. And even casual fans will know the rumble in the jungle. They'll know what rod do means. That fight between him and Muhammad Ali was just arguably one of the greatest boxing matches of all time. Without a doubt and and unfortunate, frustrating, I'm assuming for George Foreman. People always refer back to that fight because that fight was such a a historic moment. The fight was something so special. And so George Foreman, he was putting it on our league. But the thing is that lack of experience against an experienced champion in our league, that was the only thing that let him down because everybody thought Ali that was it. He was going to get crushed, going to get ruined. And George Foreman actually the loss was probably the best thing for him because that was the beginning of his rebirth. Yeah. A rebirth which as you said led to him finding God to taking a step away but coming back to to beat Michael Moore and become a world champion. I think 45 years and 200 days it was that he became at the time the oldest world champion which is is quite an achievement and actually when you look at overall 81 professional fights which is which is unheard of these days you'd say without a doubt I think he only lost five I think he was stopped in one that was against Ali but George Foreman you've got to understand to say you look at the rule book you think this guy as an amateur didn't have the pedigree to achieve what he achieved turned professional that his style was so so raw, so unorthodox. It was so so matterof fact, but it was so effective. This guy was respected worldwide. And then he got in with a young man in in Michael Mo. Michael Moira was a bully. Michael Moa was a heavy-handed southpaw bully. And George Foreman took a shellac and stuck it out and stuck it out. And then when he took Michael Moira out, this it was it was a a simple one two wiped him out. And Michael Moira has never gotten over that. Have I let this old man beat me? And for a heavyweight, for a heavyweight to do that at that age, you've got to understand how much of a fee that is in in boxing. You look at boxing today, you know, at heavyweight, these guys are young guns. And then Michael Mo was a young gun, a successful young gun coming through. But but but George Foreman, patience, timing, and everything. That's what worked for him. Just a final word then, Johnny. We had Frank Warren on on Sky earlier this morning saying he is in that conversation about the greatest of all time. Is he in that discussion for you? Without a doubt. Uh no matter what, even in 10, 15, 50 years time, he will be in our history chronicles of George Foreman of what he achieved, the fights are involved in the people he took out because you look at the history of our sport and that's what fighters today look at. They look at who beat who, how did he beat him. George Foreman's style was it was it was it was it was revolutionary. You just thought nobody fought like that but it was so successful. So he probably got it all wrong but get did it all wrong but got it all right. Johnny really appreciate you sharing your memories with us this morning. Thank you very much.