Kind: captions Language: en Ben, that win meant a lot to you this evening. Yeah, man. First of all, I want to thank my Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ. Uh, the booing fueled me, man. But like, I've been through a lot. A lot of people had a lot to say, but I know how good I truly am. I just want to thank um my whole team. My whole team brought me together. We closed the doors to social media and things like that. We just locked in and I showed how good I really am. What were the main emotions that spilled out when you knew you'd won that fight? just everything like I don't really buy into what people say but it was a lot you know I mean it was a lot even close friends who I thought was my good good friends they left me too but I needed it I needed it my lifestyle was moving at 100 miles an hour and uh like I said I've come from a household where money wasn't really an option and it just flipped overnight but now I'm more humble I'm more confident in myself and I'm more levelheaded and uh thanks to my church as well my church has humbled me and uh it's a great position to be in talk us through that rebuilding process. Do you feel like you needed to go through that? Yeah, I needed it. Like I said, my life was moving at 100 miles an hour and um me and me and Liam had a good hug and a good talk in the ring, but I'm levels above somebody like that. What happened in Saudi was down to me, not down to him and I showed that today we wasn't really supposed to be in the ring together. People saw those celebrations at the end, but what they weren't seeing is the handshakes that have gone on since then. There's clearly a huge amount of respect between both camps. Like I said to the buildup, there's no animosity from my side. He got to change his family's life and I'm happy I was allowed to do that for him. At the end of the day, I said as well, we've got to stop that Sunday and sadly I stopped it and we move on from there. There was some really special words from Andy Lee in in the ring after the fight. Just what do you think you two can do together and how much gratitude do you have towards him? I think the sky's is the limit for a combination like me and Andy Lee. Uh he's got a great stable and I've added to that now and uh you know how here he is now. But he's a great addition. He's a great man. He was a world champion himself and he saw something in me that not many did after that fight. How much belief do you now have in yourself now? But listen, uh I've always had the belief in me. It's just I have to just close the doors to that social media. Uh Andy just re I don't even know what the word is. Rejuvenated me. I mean he he brought that fire back and it's all good, man. And it's all good. They had a lot to say, but like I said, stay on that side. Now, once you grab that burger, are you going to have a think about what's next? I wanted a burger, but now I want curry goat. You know what I mean? So, we can sort it out. Yeah. Yeah. Say no more. That's what I want. Curry goat planting mac and cheese. I've been thinking about it for a while. I've had too much broccoli and stuff. I don't want that no more. When will we see you in the ring again? When would you like to be back? I'd like to be back as soon as possible, really. Get the momentum going again. But for me now, it's just go back, rebuild with my team, and look what's next. Brilliant, Ben. Thank you very much. Andy, can I ask you a quick one? Just how pleased are you with what this man achieved this evening? I'm pleased for him and um he did everything we worked on which is a beautiful display of professionalism and the the boxing and what happened in the ring is one thing but how he handled the occasion um after the last fight and all that he's been through over the last number of months um I was more impressed with that and uh very happy for him. Have you seen a side of him that the public haven't seen over the course of the last few months? He's um he's very dedicated, very humble. Um great great person to be around, great personality, good fun. Um we have a good time. Um he plays the villain, plays the heel. I don't know if he why he does that, but uh that's just how he is. It's made him famous, I guess. And just one fight in, but based on what he did over the course of two rounds, how excited are you about what you two can achieve together? Yeah, he's a special fighter to do that after a few weeks together. Um, and it's more it's mental as well as physical he there's no limit. There's no s for him. He he can do everything in boxing. Just a few minutes since he stepped out of the ring, but what would you like to see happen now? Do you want him to be really active now? What do you think should be should be the aim over the next few months? I'd like to see him fight at least well two more times to Stephanie before maybe possibly three more times before the end of the year. He's on his 10th fight. He's still learning his trade. Um, so it' be nice to get him up like he's really by the time he's 15 16 and0 he'd be ready to step up into the world world class. But for now he's learned his trade and for me I don't see any rush but we'll have some good fights. There's plenty of good fights in Britain for him in Europe and all over the world. So finally what's the main emotion for you this evening? Um just another day in the office really. Yeah, I know. I think I'm dead inside, but I just just I know the job I have to do. Did my job. Maybe I only get home, I'll be happy, but for now, I'm more happy for him. They got a good win and that's it. Tom, great to speak to you. Thank you very much. Congratulations.