Kind: captions Language: en Welcome back. Delighted to be joined now by WBO world heavyweight champion Fabio Wardley. Fabio, a very good afternoon to you. Good to see you. How does this look to you? I mean, you've been WBO heavyweight champion since November. Has it sunk in yet? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's starting to settle in. It's starting to settle in. It came obviously not long after my fight with Joseph Parker. So, yeah, a few weeks after that. When it initially comes, it's a bit of a surprise. Um it was obviously in a bit of a different way. So, we didn't get to win it in the ring on the night. It came a little bit later, but yeah, a few months later it's starting to just settle in a bit now. And you've yet to defend your title. Will you be having a fight soon because that is what everyone wants to know? Yeah, hopefully. Fingers crossed. That's the plan. I've been hoping that throughout my career I've always been the one chasing, hunting for the people with world titles and those big honors. So, now I've got one, I think it's a little bit easier. I can kind of sit back. People are hunting after me. So, I can almost take my pick a bit. So, yeah, hopefully sometime soon. Maybe April, May, something like that. And linked with Derek Chisora? Yeah, Del Boy himself. I know he's on the hunt. He wants a big finish to his career. Obviously, he's he's on 49 fights at the moment. He wants to finish on that on that big 50. So, a world title shot's probably the best way to do that. So, we're having some broad conversations, some broad chats. I know people would like that match-up. Yeah, you know I'm going to ask you about Tyson Fury as well. He's posted on his Instagram suggesting that he'd like to fight you this year. Would you welcome a fight against Fury? &gt;&gt; Yeah, more than welcome it. More than welcome it. It'd be It'd be a fight a fight that I'm hugely up for. Um but myself, I like to target some of the big names in the division, the big boys, the top players. And look, he's one of those guys. So, yeah, look, give me a call anytime. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you know I'm just going to reel off some more names to you. So, what about a British showdown with Daniel Dubois? He hasn't fought since he was beaten by Oleksandr Usyk, of course, but would you take that one? Yeah, look, another great fight. I think um you seeing us two matched up would be a fantastic fight. Like you say, he hasn't had a win coming off that loss as of yet. So, maybe look a little win to bounce back into things and then we can get something heated up later in the year. And heated up later in the year, could that be Usyk? Would you consider a crack at the undisputed title? &gt;&gt; Yeah, [snorts] look, that's number one. That's number one. When I got the belt, that was the hope that okay, that's what we get to have a go at. Usyk being the top dog, he runs the game at the moment. So, yeah, that was the one I wanted. If it doesn't come this earlier or not, then hopefully yeah, later in the year we'll be able to get our hands on him. Okay, so you've said kind of April, May time hopefully. I know you're not going to tell me, but I'm going to ask you anyway. Out of all those names or if there's another one in the mix, who are we going to see you in the ring with, do you think? Uh who is that is a great question. The one I want is is Oleksandr Usyk. Um beyond that, I know he's playing around with the fight with Deontay Wilder. So, maybe not right now. Next best option for me would be Tyson Fury. That'd be the name. He's obviously a huge name, big character in the game and a a big name within boxing. So, yeah, someone I'd love to hop in the ring with. Yeah, we've got to mention Anthony Joshua because it remains to be seen what's next for Joshua after he was involved in that really sad fatal car crash in Nigeria. How much time do you think he will need away from the ring? Yeah, look, it's hard to say. It's hard to say because obviously that was so so tragic and and such a blow for for anyone to take. Um so, I think anyone will need a bit of time to kind of gather themselves and figure out that is is boxing even for me anymore? Is there somewhere else I want to pivot with my my life, my career in other ways? So, yeah, look, I think he's going to need a bit of time, but we'll we'll see what his choices are once he comes out of that. Yeah, absolutely. And start of 2026, how do you see this year going for you, Fabio Wardley? What is next for you? Yeah, the plan is to be bigger and better than it was last year, which don't get me wrong, will be will be hard to top. We managed to tick off a a stadium show in my hometown and and then obviously winning a world title. So, yeah, to to do a bigger one this year around is going to be a tall order, but like I say, with some of the names that I reeled off before, if we can get those in a ring, then I think it'll be easily done. And are you feeling match fit? Obviously, did you manage to take a bit of time off over Christmas or how did that look for you? &gt;&gt; Yeah, look, I had a bit of time off over Christmas. I didn't go too crazy with the mince pies and the cheese and everything. So, I'm still in good shape. I'm still holding it together. Stayed in the gym throughout as well. So, yeah, look, ready to go. I'm ready to get back in. Away from boxing, I've got to get your take on football because we know that you're an Ipswich fan. Um do you think they can win promotion? I guess that's the main question. &gt;&gt; Yeah, 100% 100% without a shadow of a doubt. I do think we can. Um look, we've we've found our feet. We're we're on a nice little run of form, a nice little run of games. Uh it's their way back up to where we should be second if if the points gain didn't come off, but um yeah, look, we're in a we're in a great place and the boys are playing really well, moving nicely. Finally, look, it takes a bit of time with a whole team overhaul like we had at the beginning of the season to kind of find each other, but knowing the boys well and and seeing how they're gelling now is is looking fantastic for the back end of the season. And how pleased are you with Kieran McKenna because he's now actually been linked with Ruben Amorim's job at Manchester United. How kind of pleased would you be for him, but also how sad would you be if he were to leave the club? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a bit of like a a half and half, isn't it? Because obviously, it was always going to come. He was going to have those ties, obviously coming from there, having the history there and everything else, but I don't think anyone in a blue and white top would want to lose him at all. But also, because of what he's done for us and kind of the feeling we have towards him and how much we care about him, we obviously would want to see him go on and and kick on with his career in that sense, but we'd never want to lose him. And and hopefully, fingers crossed, we're back in the Prem ourselves next year challenging again against them. So, no problem. Yeah, well, Fabio, we look forward to seeing you kick on with your career as well. It's been an absolute pleasure to speak to you and all the best for the year ahead. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Thank you very much.