Kind: captions Language: en IBF World Heavyweight Champion Daniel Dubois takes on Alexander Usyk for the undisputed title at Wembley on July the 19th. And we are joined by Dubois to look ahead to their rematch. Now, very good evening to you. We loved it yesterday. We loved the drama. Uh we loved the excitement. Uh how was it for you going face to face with him? It's good seeing the guy that I'm going to be going up against and um getting ready to take all the belts from. So, I'm pumped and I'm ready to fight. Obviously, we all saw that the push at the news conference, Daniel, tell me more about that. Was that planned? Was that just one of those things that happened? Talk to us about the push. Yeah, more or less one of the things that happened. It's just it's just fun in games at the moment. you know, his camp going against my camp, but um on on a fight night, you guys are going to see something amazing. Why Why did you do it? Did you just think, you know, just do a little reminder of what you're all about? A little bit of that, I suppose. But yeah, it's all fun and games right now. Take none of this too seriously. Well, well, he didn't seem to cuz he laughed when you pushed him, did he? How do you react to that? Well, he won't be laughing on the night. I can assure you that he just held a little bit back, did you? Yeah. Yeah. Uh there was a lot of talk as well, wasn't there, about the low blow. Um few pictures knocking around. Did Did you take one home with you? Um yeah, it's getting a bit old that story now about the low blow. I'm about to make history and that's why everyone needs to tune in. I'm about to make history and do something really amazing and um I can't wait a minute. And how do you do that, Daniel? How do you make history against a guy of this pedigree? I win. It's plain and simple. I win. I smash his head in and I go home with all the belts. Um I can't wait. It's going to be electric. And And how do you do that in terms of where are you at now? What does the next few weeks look like for you in the buildup? Well, it's it's back to the grind now, but back to the gym, back to the um hard work and dedication leading up to the fight, but yeah, I can't wait to get in and do some damage, you know. And Daniel, I'm interested to know how you feel you've developed since you you first met Usyk in 2023. What version of of Dubois is he facing now? How much have you come on as a fighter, do you think? Massively. leaps and bounds. You can see from my last three fights that I've come on massively from the Var Miller, Herovic, and then Anthony Joshua. So, I'm a totally different fighter now, a different man. And um you guys are going to witness something really, really special. Does the antics go on, carry on. The first undisputed champion since Lennox Lewis. I can't wait to do it. Just going back to some of the antics and the show boating, does that help you as a fighter? Is it sort of become who you are? Does it give you that added confidence? Yeah. Um, I think it's a entertainment sport, so it's all part of the show. I think these things have to happen and I'm loving it. It's It's exciting. I hope the people love it. I hope the audience love it and um get get invested and involved in this fight because it's going to be great. You seem you seem very happy, Daniel. Do you feel in a a good place at the moment? I'm always in a good place. Yeah. And no one's going to argue with that. No. No. Absolutely not. Absolutely not. Yeah. One other sort of story that never ever goes away, Daniel, is is around Tyson Fury. He's sort of constantly teasing, isn't he, about coming out of retirement. Um, do you believe him? Do you think we'll see him fight again? I think so. I think he's definitely gonna gonna come back. I mean I mean when I beat Usyk, he can I can fight him next. Who knows? I mean there's so many great heavyweights at the moment. It's going to be he he he'll be he'd be desperate to get back in the m the mix. We shall we shall see. Exciting times ahead for you. And where are we? Less than three months till till fight night now. We're just about in May, aren't we? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Less than three months. Yeah. and that week of the buildup. I think we're all looking forward to it, Daniel. What whatever drama unfolds before the night itself, whatever tricks either of you have up your sleeve before then. Oh, yeah. I'm sure we will be. Um, it's going to be the fun and games though will have will have stopped by there now. Be in fully fight mode. But, um, I can't wait to soak it in, soak up the atmosphere and these next few months as you head towards July 19th. talk to us about the the dedication that's going to be required from you, the sacrifices you're going to have to make in your life for the next couple of months or so. Um, it's it's been what I've lived this life since I was about seven years old. So, for me, it's it's um business as usual. Business as usual. And we we've heard you say what's going to happen on the night. I'm sure we'll hear from you lots more in the buildup to July 19th. Great to speak to you as ever, Daniel. Thanks for your time. Yeah. Good luck. Pence.