Kind: captions Language: en Is 2026 finally the year we're going to see Tyson Fury v Anthony Joshua. Well, The Ring Magazine is reporting that the pair are set for a summer showdown. We've been here before, of course, though with these two. So, let's get the very latest from Fury's promoter Frank Warren joins us now. Frank, really good to speak to you. So, just bring us up to speed then. Have there been any developments here? &gt;&gt; Good afternoon, Joe. Yeah, there's a there's been some talks going on. there's nothing's been signed yet, but Tyson, you know, he's indicated that if if it's the right deal, he'll definitely do it. So, I think it's going in the right hope, as I just said, going in the right division direction. And hopefully, uh, we'll get some news pretty soon as to, you know, what the what's going to happen. &gt;&gt; And of course, we know that the ring magazine is owned by Al Shik, the Saudi official who's become a a pretty major in the world of boxing. Do you think this report shows that talks have progressed or is this kind of his way of letting the world know that he that he wants it to happen? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean look, the the ring is a wellinformed a very wellinformed uh outlet and it's owned by uh his excellency. So, you know, the they wouldn't be this wouldn't be coming out if they weren't convinced and very sure that they can make this happen. So, I do believe I do believe it will happen. And it is almost a year to the day since we last saw Tyson in a ring. His second defeat to Alexander Usyk. How has he been mentally more than anything? &gt;&gt; Sorry, can you say that again? &gt;&gt; I just think it's been almost a year to the day since we last saw Tyson in a ring. How has he been? And mentally, more than anything, I suppose &gt;&gt; he's been very good. He's been working very hard the last few months. Uh he's had a lot of projects including his Netflix um series Meet the Furies, the second series of that. He's got a documentary. He's also filming. He's doing a lot of PAs as well. So, he's been very very busy. He's enjoying himself, but he's been in the ring fulltime. He sorry, in the ring in the in the gym full time, training very hard and uh he's in great nick. He looks well and uh you know, I'm sure and he said on many many times himself he would like to come back and fight again. in 2026 I believe I believe provided the the deals deals right I think you're seeing back in the ring again &gt;&gt; yeah because reports as well that both men will have a fight at the start of the year in terms of maybe a bit of a warm-up fight is that something we're going to see happening and do they need a warm-up fight before and if this big one happens &gt;&gt; well it's look look AJ's fighting or whatever you want to call it this week against uh Jake Paul and Then then there's talk of him fighting again early early in 2026. You know, Tyson's been out for a while now. He may have a warm-up fight, but I don't if this fight happens, which I believe it will. If it does happen, it'll be sometime in late summer. So, Tyson, that's another sort of what's at the moment another seven months away. So, he'll certainly have a fight in between, I think, if he comes back. &gt;&gt; And we have been talking about this fight for a long time. I mean, the best part of a decade probably looking at the ages. Joshua's 36, Fury 37. Now, do you think this fight is perhaps coming a little bit too late or or is it still the one the the fans want to see? Look, the fans have been asking for this and everybody's been talking about it for years and years and years. It's better it does if it's going to happen happen now than rather these guys come back and talk about doing it in five or six years time. You know, it it's a fight that, you know, anybody who I talk to about boxing, that's the one thing they always mention. When are these two getting it on? Are they ever going to get it on? We never got to see it, etc., etc. You know, it will happen. I think it will happen. And I think when it does happen, I think it's going to be massive. &gt;&gt; And you mentioned, of course, Joshua fighting Jake Paul on Friday night. How do you see that one? Is this a potential banana skin for Joshua? Well, if it does, he better he won't be fighting Tyson Fury, that's for sure. You know, Jake Paul's had 12 fights. Um, he's never fought at this level. He's never fought this weight at heavyweight, and he's fighting a twotime world champion, former Olympic gold medalist, who still ranked in the top 10 despite his his loss that he had against Daniel Dubois, his comprehensive loss against him. Um, he should have too much much too much for Jake Paul. And if he can't beat Jake Paul, I mean, we shouldn't even be talking about him fighting uh Tyson Fury, even if he should be fighting a 60-year-old Tyson Fury if he gets beat by Jake. &gt;&gt; Yeah, because of course we saw Jake Paul losing to Tommy Fury a couple of years ago at Cruiserweight. You said there he's now at heavyweight, fighting arguably one of the best heavyweights of the 21st century. Is this actually a little bit dangerous? And also, there's all this talk about people watching the fight, it being a bit kind of bad for boxing's reputation. What's your take on that? &gt;&gt; Well, it is dangerous. I mean, you know, he's he's had 12 fights. He's in with, you know, with a guy you just said who's he's been there, been world champion, and uh and coming off. I mean, look what he done with the MMA fighter, Neanu. He he he he completely knocked him out. Um it's it's it's a it's a a massive risk for for Jake. People Some people have complained in the past about his opponents. Well, I can't complain this time. He's gone from one extreme to another. So, this is a this is a tough tough fight for Jake. He'll be a massive underdog. Um it's an eight rounder, so it's not it's not like it's championship rounds. Well, he actually will even support and suit um uh AJ more than it will Jake. You know, him only doing eight rounds, that's that's a that that's that's a godsend for him. So, it's he he's really got a lot he's he's got a lot a lot to do to beat AJ. You know, for Jake, this is a real real tough tough fight, and I can't see um I just can't see how he wins it unless he catches him with a tremendous punch and knocks him over. &gt;&gt; And in other heavyweight news, Frank, you represent WBO champion Fabio Wardley. What's next for him? &gt;&gt; Fabio is going to be fighting in April. I'm meeting him. I'm having some lunch with him this week and his management and we're going to sit down and discuss that. But he's he's all good to go and uh I mean he's he's he's on a phenomenal run. When you you know it's a funny thing you look at guys of no amateur experience. Same to same as Jake Paul. He had none at all. I think he had a couple of well he had a couple of white collar fights and here he is 21 fights later. He's the world champion and he's a and he's a unbelievable puncher. Unbelievable puncher. In these last two fights, he's come from behind and the one won the fights in sensational style. So, he'll be looking to defend his title. He'll be looking then to get himself involved in some sort of unification fight. We got to see what happens with Usyk. He he declined to fight to fight Fabio. Um, which surprised me because uh because before Fabio fought against Joe Parker, he said he would fight the winner and he changed his mind on that. So, we will see. But, you know, Fabio will will do what he does, and that's to get back in the ring and and be involved in in another exciting fight in April when it, as I say, when he'll be up defending the WBO title. &gt;&gt; And Fabio told Sky Sports he'd welcome defending his title against Anthony Joshua. If you can't make the Fury fight happen, would that one make sense? &gt;&gt; I'd do that in a heartbeat. In a heartbeat. Why wouldn't you do that fight? you know, AJ against against Fabio. Everybody would buy into that and it' be I mean, they're both big punches and it's exciting fight. Um, we will see. But let's see what happens with uh with Tyson first of all and see where we go with that one. But that but that fight would be a great fight. Two Brits. There's nothing like two Brits fighting each other in a big big venue. You know, that would fill We Wembley up easily. &gt;&gt; Yeah. What about other heavyweights? We got Murat Gasev now holding the WBA regular title. Are we going to see this one with Moses Itama? &gt;&gt; Moses is fighting in Manchester on the 24th uh of January. He's out early next year and on part of our card, a magnificent seven card where we got seven title fights on the bill. It's Nion sold out. It's uh the tickets are flying out for it. He's in a good fight with Jerma uh Germaine Franklin who's had I think 27 fights, never been stopped. Lost two. One of them was debatable loss against Dillian White. A lot of people thought he may have won that fight, but Dillian couldn't stop him. And the other one was against AJ and AJ couldn't stop him. He's a big puncher. So, this is a big step up for we he'll be 21 at the end of this month. So, it's a big step up for our young man. He's he's going right in the deep end here and I think it's going to be exciting and and if what we all believe Moses is, he's got to come through this fight with flying colors and then hopefully next year he'll he'll fight for the full title.