Kind: captions Language: en Yeah, we'll come back to your fight. We're going to welcome our next guest, actually, if you don't mind. Um, you know, there's a man who keeps finding the shots when they matter. Uh, joining us now is heavyweight contender, uh, the pride of Ipsswitch, Fabio Wardy. Welcome, Fabio. It's been just over a month, uh, since that incredible knockout win over Justice Honey. How do you reflect on that dramatic night? Now you've had a little bit of a rest. Yeah, look, it was um it was fantastic. It was a it was a special occasion for for a number of reasons. For the fight itself, the way it went, obviously being able to have a fight in my hometown on Portman Road in my home stadium. Um there was just so many almost fairy tale kind of story book lines or just moments that were in that occasion. Um the weather played a part, the fight itself obviously was something something special. So yeah, it all culminated into a fantastic night. We're looking at it now. Uh Fabio, that is the shot that you found. It was not plain sailing before that point. How on earth do you stay in a fight like that and not start to feel sorry for yourself, not start to think it's not going to be your night and produce what is probably the knockout of the year in in the circumstances. Uh belief. It's it's belief and faith and planning. We like I knew the shot was there. It's something we had planned and we had drilled. Um it was just myself. I wasn't setting it up the right way. I wasn't going about it the right way in those in the first kind of well the majority of the fight really. Um I was really kind of letting Justice control the fight and and playing his fight really and not not executing my own kind of the areas that I'm strongest in. Um so just knowing that it's there, not not sitting there on the sto counting the rounds thinking, "Oh no, I've only got two left, three left, or however." just taking it round by round, minute by minute, just progressing, inching, inching and and getting into that moment. It was a real Deontay Wilder type moment. And I mean, he is someone that is back on the horse, back to winning ways. Would that interest you? This is your chance now um to give me a bit of a hit list, if you will. Who do you want to face next? Uh, look, um, well, with that fight, obviously with that win, I am, um, the interim WBA heavyweight champion. So, I would like to push that up. I'd like to become the full champion and then push that on to obviously be in the in the WBA eyes. I think they call the super champion. Obviously, the belt that Alexander Usk holds at the moment, but I think we first conquer uh that that full title, that full WBA world title. Once we've got our hands on that, once we've ticked that one off, then we look at we look at the path on to getting a hold of the full uh super champion, you know, even further away from those white collar days. Um do you believe now that you are in the box seat, you mentioned the interim title there that uh if it's not next or two fights time that you can become heavyweight champion of the world? Yeah, I think there's still a few people even if I say it now, they'll laugh. So, um I don't think too much changes, but yeah, look, I don't think I'm far away. Um I I'm not I'm not a fool. I'm not an idiot. I understand there is still a lot of learning to do for me. I like I explained on the night of that fight as well, I wasn't going my way and I had to learn in the moment in the fight and I've had to do all of my learning and experience in front of crowds, in front of thousands of fans, in front of the TV and whatever else. So, I'm still learning. I'm still piecing everything together. But I think, yeah, within a fight or two, I'll have enough and I'll have what it takes to to conquer for a world title. What was your reaction as a heavyweight in the picture to Tyson Fury? Um, he got a few people going last week, didn't he? Let's be honest with saying that he he he'd fight Usyk again at Wembley in April. Do you believe him? I never know what to believe with him. I never know what to believe because I I would not be surprised if next week he says, "Oh, you know what? I can't be bothered. I'm retired again. So, I'll believe it when maybe we're a week or two out or or I see a press conference or I see him actually sat there. Oh, we've lost the belt. Sorry. But no, um I don't know with him. Sometimes if it if it comes off and they get the trilogy, then yeah, look, it'd be fantastic. I'm going to let you go before anything else falls off the wall. But also, I should say you've got a new baby at home. I I really hope from experience that hasn't woken the baby up. Otherwise, you are in serious trouble, my friend. Well, I did just get into sleep, so maybe maybe it has. Maybe I'm going to come off this and I'm in a bit of trouble, but who knows? I think you'll find the find the answers. Uh thank you very much for joining us and uh we will hopefully speak to you soon. Cheers, mate. Thank you.