Kind: captions Language: en Yeah, a very special guest, a Hall of Fame promoter, the man who's put this all together. Don't blink. The name of the show, Fabio Wardy against Daniel Dubois, British heavyweight world title fight, Frank Warren joins us. Frank, so much for join. Thanks so much for joining us. We're really excited about this fight. I have to be honest. And you've done a lot of big heavyweight fights. You've done a lot of big all British heavyweight title fights. I wonder where this one ranks alongside the the likes of Lewis, Bruno, Hisora, uh White Chisora, Dubois, Joyce, AJ Dubois. There's there's been a lot recently, but this is surely right up there. &gt;&gt; It is, and it's a very exciting fight. You got two punchers, big big punches. I think their knockout ratio is probably the highest going of two guys facing each other. I think this is going to be the fight of the year. And we call it don't blink for a reason because it this won't go the distance and one of them will go. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, it's very difficult for you and I always I'm I'm fascinated when you promote both of them, but as you said, don't blink. knockout ratio of both of them is both over 90%. So, how do you split them? &gt;&gt; Whoever lands first. I mean, that's really what it's going to be. And I don't think it Well, when that first bell goes, they both walk forward. They're not fighters who fight on the back foot. They're not counter punchers. They both walk forward, let the bombs go. And I think that's why it's going to be such a such a tremendous event. &gt;&gt; Can we start with Fabio? I mean, um, his team have all got a little bit more gray hair because in the in recent times, he's produced two brilliant come from behind victories against Justice Honey when I think everyone nearly drowned in it, which it was so wet, wasn't it? Uh, and Joseph Parker, more notably, where he left it until the 11th. But what a finish. He just doesn't seem to know when he's beat, which is something you probably can't teach. &gt;&gt; You can't. But what he's got, he's got a fighter's heart and fighter spirit, and he's learned on the job. No amateur experience. And as he says, you you know, it takes a split second for him to change the dynamic of a fight and he's done that certainly in his last two fights. um amazing puncher and it's a fairy story when you look for a guy who I've just said had no experience to be world champion and beat the number two in the world in Joe Parker and he was behind in that fight as he was in the Honey fight and just unbelievably you know this punch out the bag that ends it all and he's capable of doing that and with Daniel he's in with another fighter who can do the same thing especially orthodox fighters He struggled a bit with U6 South there was a couple things behind the scene but Southpaw but Orthodox fighters it's going to be exciting and as I mean they both both believe that they can win this fight both of them believe that &gt;&gt; I'm fascinated by Daniel Dubois and I I'll give you all the credit in the world because you've stuck by him when people said you know he wouldn't come back from his losses you shouldn't do this you shouldn't do that we have got this interesting dynamic with Daniel Dubois though had some great days with Don Charles and then they parted ways he had a small winter period under Tony Sims and he's turned heel on that and gone back and reconciled with Don Charles. Were you part of that conversation? Were you instrumental at all in that decision? And um I suppose how you feel about it. Are you happy about it? &gt;&gt; I'm happy about it, but I think he made that decision of his of his own accord. You know, sometimes when a fighter gets beat, you know, they go and change the change the background, change the the team. He did that, but in some ways it was good for him because I think when he was with Tony obviously that didn't work for him and he obviously felt he was in a better place going back with Don. So that settle that may have settled him down then I believe it will do and he's in a good place. He's in a really good place and he asked for when he to the comeback fight after Usyk he said I want to go straight in the deep end and he's certainly in the deep end. And when you look at Fabio win the world title, you couldn't have picked a harder voluntary defense and that's what he's done. &gt;&gt; And you put them together to Queensby stable. You know, it's it takes credit. You take credit. &gt;&gt; We're making the fights happen. You know, these heavyweight fights, you mention most of them. Most of them our shows. We're making them happen and they're and they're happening because the public wants to see them. And this show will sell out. This will be absolutely sold out. We're doing great business with them because, you know, the, as I say, the public are buying into it. They're watching them. This is a fabulous time, not just the heavyweight division, but for British boxing as well. Any Tyson Fury updates? Last time I spoke to you, um, there were conversations going on. He gave us that line, didn't he? And I think he's all stringing us along to a degree about I'm going to train myself. And you said, look, there will be conversations. He there will be a recognizable name. Have you got any update on that? And it's a twofold question. if he is sort of doing it himself, how do you guard against complacency with someone like Tyson Fury? He's been there, seen it, done it. He's got a wardrobe full of t-shirts. You know, at some point you think that people start to know it all a little bit. I don't mean that disparagingly, but um he's learned more than I'll ever know in boxing, but he still surely needs a trainer. &gt;&gt; He does need a trainer and he will he'll have one. But you but looking at what what he you know what you're saying about complacency, he won't be complacent. One thing about Titson, he's got a great boxing brain. At his age, he's 37 now. You're not going to get anybody to come in and coach him and teach him how to box. He's been there, done all that. He needs somebody there who's going to who's going to instill strict regime and discipline &gt;&gt; and that he'll listen to &gt;&gt; and he'll listen to and that and that's it. And he and he is a good trainer. And to be fair to him, at that press conference at at Tottenham, I've never seen him look so well in in many years. He looked he looked like he was jumping out of his skin. &gt;&gt; In the last hour, we got the fighters perspective. I really want to just get your reaction. The Eddie Hearn Connor Ben situation that played out over the weekend, the promoters perspective. You've had your long runins with Eddie Hearn. And I don't know if you're back on the good books or the bad books, how if you exchange Christmas cards, did you have any sympathy for Eddie Hearn as the promoter in that situation or do you side with the fighter? No, I I I I side with Eddie because at the end of the day, he's he stood by him through some seriously difficult moments, you know, with a drug uh testing, was it two failures and everything, and he stood there and he kept going, you know, battling for his man. Um, but Connor, you know, I've seen some of the videos somebody showing me the other day of some of the things that he said a little while ago about his loyalty and money not being not being uh uh the being end of it all. That's how it's wound up being at the end of the day. You know, he's a free agent by the looks of it or Eddie had the right to match and didn't match and he's gone off. He won't be the first. He won't be the He's not the first and won't be the last to do it. I've been involved in in situations like that. Um, it is what it is. Me, I think Connor's had a real touch financially cuz I still haven't seen what justifies him getting that much money. And I'm not being disrespectful to him. He's not won anything. He's not fought. He's not fought anybody. And I'm, you know, I'm not being an after the timer about Chris Eubanks Jr. I've never been a big fan of his. They were the first fight was a exciting fight to watch at its level and the second fight Connor done the business and done it in style but we'll find out what he's all about now. He's got to you know for that money he's going to have to fight real live fighters. &gt;&gt; Last one before you go. 49year-old Floyd Mayweather fights 47y old Manny Pacquiao. Your reaction to that and does that do boxing any integrity any damage at all or you let them get on with it? &gt;&gt; They get on with it don't they? It's uh it's not going to be I hope it's not going to be sanctioned by any of the governing bodies. Um I don't I have no interest in a 47y old fighting a 49y old no more than watching Mike Tyson fight Jake Paul. They mean you know it's to me it's not boxing is what I class as don't get me wrong they're hitting each other. They're in the ring and whether you're 49 or 20 those punches hurt but I their age they shouldn't be doing it. Well said. And for the record, I do agree with you. I never give my opinion, but you know, 11 years later, probably the fight that nobody was really calling for. What we have, we've been treated to this great spectacle, haven't we, in May. It's it's one that everybody has been calling for, and we're going to enjoy it as British boxing fans. Fabio Wley defends his world heavyweight title against Daniel Dubois. Don't blink. That's what they're calling it. &gt;&gt; And do not blink cuz it's going to be special. So,