Kind: captions Language: en But first, what a start we've got to Lunchtime Live. Delighted to say the new WBO heavyweight champion of the world, Fabio Wardley, joins us now on the show live from Dubai. Fabio, so great to see you. Thank you for joining us. Firstly, congratulations. How are you feeling? Thank you. Thank you. Yeah, yeah, I don't I'm not really too sure yet. A bit of disbelief, a lot of emotions rolled into one, but yeah, look, it's a fantastic feeling. Fantastic moment for me and my career, so yeah, I'm just buzzing. Yeah, I mean, what a long journey it has been for you to get here. I know it's it's, you know, it's still sinking in, as you say, but how do you reflect on your last fight and what that now means that you've, you know, you've got the belt? Yeah, look, that last fight was it was very much deserving of a world title fight, of a world title belt. It was a shame that it wasn't on the line. It took a few weeks for things to kind of the the paths of boxing to achieve to make up decisions, to make their minds up and change things around, so it would have been fantastic if that was actually on the line for that fight in particular, but it wasn't cuz it was a great fight. But look, it's all come around the right way now. Yeah, well, look, there's going to be a long list of challengers queuing up, isn't there, Fabio? Are there any talks or plans on who's going to be next? No, no, not yet. Nothing. &gt;&gt; Are you sure? That smile tells me something else. I've just been sitting pretty hiding away from it all, to be honest, just enjoying some downtime and away time. We'll pick things up in a in a week or so, and then I'm back in we'll catch up with the team and we'll sit down and we'll come up with a plan. Okay, well, you let you know, I have to ask you, if you could pick, who would you want for your next fight? If I could pick, I would pick the man that that I guess kind of gave me the belt in the sense. I'd pick Oleksandr Usyk. That would be the fight that I would want. It was the fight that I wanted. That was that was where me and the team were aiming. That was that was where our sights were headed after we finished our fight on October the 25th and after we won and got the interim. We were all gearing towards that fight and and obviously the main man himself, so look, if he's watching, if his team are watching, maybe have a little reconsider, maybe give me a call, we can work something out. Fabio, of course they're watching. What else are they going to be watching? Lunchtime Live. Of course, of course. Just just one just one more word on Usyk. I mean, can you understand his decision and what he chose to do? I don't I don't necessarily know if I can, cuz I don't know what he may be planning for himself, whether that be retirement, whether it be a different fight, whether it be another alternative. Obviously, we're seeing loads of different kind of variations on fighters and what they're doing with their careers at the moment, whether pivoting into different sports or whether they're taking breaks and coming back and things, so I don't really know. But it's a bit of a strange one, cuz initially, obviously, he took a bit of a a break, he was allowed an absence, to be an extension on the belt, and then to give it up after just seems a bit of a strange move, so no, I'm not too sure what what he was thinking. Well, look, your phone must have absolutely been blowing up. You've probably got so many unread messages, DMs, all that kind of stuff. But Frank Warren was pretty quick to congratulate you, wasn't he, on becoming world champion? How important has he been to your professional career? Yeah, look, Frank is Frank is very much delivered on all of his promises on everything he said to me when we first sat down a number of years ago now. And I laid out a plan of things I wanted to do, the likes of headlining a show in my hometown and at Portman Road of Ipswich and and being there and ticking that off, and he he's delivered on that. And now, obviously, putting me in line for a world title shot and ultimately fully delivering on me obtaining a world title, so yeah, I think we might need to come up with a nickname and call Frank the postman, because he does deliver. Oh, yeah, it's brilliant. I want to look at another huge name on the heavyweight scene, Anthony Joshua. There's been a lot of chat about his next fight with Jake Paul. A lot of opinions on it. What's your take on it? Yeah, look, this lends more to what I was speaking to earlier about how fighters and they're pivoting at the moment and trying out different things with their careers, especially people like AJ, Fury, Usyk and things like that. Those guys who are who are at the tail end of their careers, they're trying out some different stuff. Um I think there's there's two sides to it. I can understand it very much from the from the monetary standpoint. From the kind of professional and the athlete standpoint, you you kind of always want to pit yourself against the best or or keep yourself really at the top top of the sport, top of the division, so there's two sides to it, really. Yeah, and I guess, you know, like you say, money talks, doesn't it? Can you understand, you know, where where they're coming from when there's such a big pot potentially on the table? Yeah, look, I think that's the obvious one. There's there'll always be a lot of critics out there who say, "Well, he should have done this and should have done that." But I think when when a pot of money is put in front of you like that, I think 99% of people are saying yes, and especially with with AJ, he's looking at an opponent, someone like Jake Paul, to him, he's just looking like I could probably train for a week or two and and tick this off with without breaking a sweat, really, so look, it's it's almost too good to be true, so why would you say no? So, it's just one of those situations, so I can understand it very much so. Look, Eddie Hearn has said that after this fight, AJ is going to be looking to get back into the world title picture, so would you look at him as a potential opponent after his fight with Jake Paul? Yeah, look, I'm open to all all opportunities, all comers, all fighters. It's one thing I've I've always kind of had throughout my career, a mantra I've had, is never never shy away, never back and down, just always taking on the next and biggest fight. And if that would be him, then look, it would be a pleasure to do so. Fabio, it's been an absolute pleasure to have you on the show. Thank you so much. Congratulations again. We know you're getting back to the beach club now, aren't you, out in Dubai? I've got the family and the baby with me, so it's a little bit more it's a little bit more calm, it's a little bit more relaxed. I think we'll be in the beach a little bit later. &gt;&gt; in the UK, come and see us in the studio, yeah? Done deal. Done deal. &gt;&gt; All right, take care. Thank you. See you later.