Kind: captions Language: en Dana White, welcome to the UK. Exciting times ahead. We're delighted to announce this deal with Zu for Boxing and Sky Sports. Uh just how excited are you to to get going and and what does this mean for for Zu for Boxing moving forwards? &gt;&gt; Yeah, we're very excited. Uh you know, Sky Sports is is uh is the reason in my opinion that boxing uh has stayed alive over the last several years and and why it's so big here in the UK. So, for us, four fights in to to, you know, be closing a deal, a multi-year deal with Sky, it's it's it's a big deal to us. &gt;&gt; So many people will be chomping at the bit for details. So, it's uh minimum of five UK shows a year, but on top of that, we get the the Zu for international content, your domestic content uh for us. So, there's we're getting the whole ZUFA package. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we're we're doing a minimum of five, but I believe we're going to do, you know, a lot more than that. that th this thing's been rolling faster than than I had anticipated. So, um yeah, I could see us doing as many fights uh next year as the UFC. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I take that as a good thing. It's rolling faster than you expected because it's exciting. Uh what do you think it means for for Zufa moving forward? You're obviously making waves in the sport and moving forward, do you see this getting as much traction and becoming as big as the UFC, which has obviously gone global and beyond, I think. Yeah, one of the things that I've noticed, you know, just four fights in, is that a lot of a lot of young people haven't seen boxing before, not even on television, let alone live. Um, so our goal is to introduce a lot of young people over the next couple years to the sport. It's a great sport. It's fun and and and you know, when you match make it right and you have the best fighting the best, boxing is a great sport. &gt;&gt; Is that the Zufa philosophy? And without putting too fine a point on it, but one of your core principles, 5050 fights where you you don't sit at home and you A doesn't always beat B. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, you know, you you never know if a fight is 50/50 until it happens, but you know, on paper, you know, you want to do fights that that stylistically match up, right? And the best fighting the best. One of the things that we've done with the UFC is, you know, when you take sanctioning organizations that that that you know, rank all these fight from the minute when you walk in the door, you fight the absolute best that you could possibly fight. Once you get to the top and you're you're the champion, nobody nobody doubts who the best in the world is. So, um, we're going to take that same philosophy and bring it to boxing. &gt;&gt; Yeah. There's that old argument that will rumble as long as time between UFC fans and and boxing fans. I I wonder if this actually puts you at an advantage that you don't exclusively do boxing. You can see what works in the UFC and what's worked in your your other domain and actually by having boxing people around you, you can perhaps take what's worked for the mixed martial arts world and impart it on boxing. Is that fair enough? &gt;&gt; Yeah. And and one of the one of the many great things about doing it that way is is you actually boxing hasn't had a middle class for a very long time. When you think about the UFC fights, we'll do the main event, co-main event, and build a guard. Fans are just as excited about the fights that are in the middle as they are the co-main and the main, which hasn't happened to boxing in a long time. And everybody doesn't have to be undefeated uh to have a fan base. Uh in boxing, what happens is when a guy loses one fight, everybody loses interest in him, including promoters. uh which you know won't happen a couple years into this with us with Zuva boxing. &gt;&gt; I don't want to put words in your mouth and I I don't know your knowledge of football or soccer as you would call it there. when Jurgen Klopp came to take over at Liverpool, they said, "What you know, what can we expect from you?" And he English wasn't his first language and he said, "Heavy metal football." And I want when I think of you and I think of boxing and what you're going to bring, I don't want to put words in your mouth, but I think maybe something similar. It's going to be loud. It's going to be exciting. &gt;&gt; Well, here's one of a bit of heavy metal in there. Maybe &gt;&gt; think about this. Every Saturday pretty much with the UFC, I have I'm asking you to stay home every Saturday and watch the fights. Now, with Zufa Boxing, I'm asking you to stay home on Sundays and watch the fights. And what do we compete with? We compete with everything that you have to do on a Sunday night, be with your family, take the wife out, movie, other things that you're into. Um, so what I boxing has always been, every time they put on an event, it's like a going out of business sale. They grab as much money as they can and they run and you see them a year later or two years later. Um, you know, I I was just telling you a couple minutes ago, we're probably going to do as many fights next year as the UFC. So, every Sunday I need you to stay home. So, if whether you come to my live event, you stay home and watch it with your friends on TV or you watch it in a bar, every time you turn off the TV or leave the arena on Sunday, I need you to say, "Wow, I'm glad I came and saw this event." So, the in-house live production has to be perfect. The television production has to be perfect. And more importantly, the fights have to be great. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Everybody wants to win though. Us included. Everybody wants to win. How excited are you to get this Zufa product in front of the British and Irish fans? I know through the UFC had tremendous success. You know the fan base. I think in boxing as as well as MMA, but in boxing, a very passionate crowd, but a very knowledgeable crowd as well. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I always tell people if if you've never seen a fight live in the UK, you have to go and experience it. It's it's incredible. Um, and you know, I credit the UK for keeping boxing alive for the last 10, 15 years, whatever it is. Um, so and Sky, too. I mean, Sky, this is uh this isn't just another television deal for us. It's a big deal. Uh, especially when uh you look at what we want to do with the business. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Again, I've said it once, I'll say it again. It's exciting times ahead. Can I ask about the roster? already got those marquee signings of Jaire and Connor Ben is the message that there's more to come. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So, you know, every week at the headquarters in Vegas, we have guys coming through. Um here in London yesterday, we had a lot of meetings over at the hotel. Uh you know, it's been uh it's been fun talking to a lot of the fighters and and and seeing how excited guys are to sign with us and to see some some change in the sport. So, um, the answer is yes. We're going to we're going to get out there and try to sign everybody. &gt;&gt; I have to ask you because I mean I can only assume that the UFC, the mixed martial arts world is a stressful world. Are you sure you want to come across to boxing? I' I've wor my whole life. I know how stressful it can be. Are you sure? &gt;&gt; I've asked myself that, believe me, a hundred times. And in the past when I started to uh say, I think I'm going to get into boxing. Then I get on the phone with some boxing guys and I'm like, am I out of my mind? Why am I even thinking about this? But everything in life is about timing and everything right now has a line for this to happen and and I built a really good team around me. It's Yeah, I'm excited about this. I'm all in on this and and uh I've actually been having fun. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's one way of putting it. I'll ask you in 12 months if we're still having fun and and you're still loving it. May I ask you, there's going to be so many questions and I think a lot of people took uh immediately what you said and and have not wavered from it. There will be questions about the weight divisions, the sanctioning bodies and and Zufur's philosophy and and how you want to package it. Is it going to be a develop a developing story as we go? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, we're going to do everything. I mean, we did the Canelo Crawford fight. We broke all the, you know, stadium records and and all. We can do a fight that big and then we're doing fights at the Apex, which is our arena, you know, that holds,00 people and we can do everything in between that. So it's all a work in progress. There is no um this is all we're doing and and uh you know I said I don't want to work with sanctioning organizations but Jop Paya wanted to you know unify all of these guys that are involved in boxing right now had you know dreams and and goals and things that they wanted to accomplish in the sport. when they come to Zufa Boxing, we want to help them accomplish uh you know what they want to do while being with us too. So, not every case is going to be exactly the same and we will figure out how to make it work for these fighters. &gt;&gt; I spoke about Jaire and I spoke about um Connor Ben. May I ask you about Callum Walsh uh who's already boxed uh on the Zufa platform. Uh how excited are you for him and is the long-term goal to bring him back to his Irish fans? I think he's already sold out Dublin once in his career before bringing back to Ireland and and get in front of his home fans. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. Yeah, he's he's a great kid. You know, I I've been involved trying to help him with his career um you know, for a couple years now and I I love his attitude. I love that he's willing to fight anybody and uh has taken on tougher competition than most kids uh at that age and at that point in his career would. And uh yes, very excited about him and you know very personally invested in his career too. I like him a lot. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we're going to catch up with him tomorrow. So I'm looking forward to meeting him for the first time and obviously that's going to be some journey that you've already been a major part of. Can we finish on this? Where do you want to be in 12 months? Where do you want to be in 18 months? And what is your message to everybody who's who's waiting at home or even at ringside who's waiting to see where this journey is going to go? I was telling my guys a few days ago, um, you know, every year at the end of the year, I go on a trip with my family and and I'm gone for 10 days and by day seven I'm ready to leave and go back to work, but I'm focused on all the things that are going to happen in the next year. And I can already see, you know, as we look into 27, I mean, this thing's going to be two years ahead of where I expect it to be at the end of 26. Um, and now four fights in, who knows? I mean, it it's just it's moving much quicker than I had anticipated. Uh, I don't ever um underestimate anybody and I I just where we sit right now, I just I have really high expectations going into 27. &gt;&gt; And is that because you're motivated? It's interesting you say it's moving faster. Maybe I'm more involved than I thought I would be. Is that because actually my personal relationship with boxing is like I feel I'm addicted to it. It's a boxing bug. Once it bites you, you can't really like you may hate it at times, but you can't step away from it. Wonder if the boxing bug's got you already and you know, you are motivated. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, that's me with fighting period. I mean, boxing was my first love. So to be sitting here today talking to you about my my Sky deal and looking down the barrel of of uh what we have going on in in in 26 and into 27. It it's incredible. Yeah, it's incredible. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we're looking forward to it. It's going to be a hell of a journey. Can't wait for it. Thank you so much for giving us your time today and best of luck with the whole venture. &gt;&gt; Appreciate it. Thank you.