Kind: captions Language: en There's two things I would have done. Tried to shut Jake down at 100 mph or I would have gone on the back foot. So Jake decided to move around the ring and I decided to put the pressure on. What I could have done better is a lot of things 100%. in the fight game. Um, you've seen the amazing fighters that have graced us over the last hundred years and the expectations that we put on ourselves are are immense, but I tried my best. A lot of people don't respect me, so there's a lot of pressure. And um, I had boxing on my back today, and that was what it was really. Um, I took Jake as serious as I needed to, but most importantly, I take myself as serious as I need to. I respect myself. I respect boxing, and I know what it takes to get in the ring. You have to be prepared. Um, and one slip up could cost you in that ring. One slip up could cost you in that ring. As I said, credit to Jake. I stand on that. So, two things were happening in my mind in the clinches. in the clinch. He done really well. When you're in survival mode, you will always find a way. So, I was trying to look for certain shots. I actually wanted to let my hands go in the clinch, but he done well to tie my hands up. And as you could see, when they were free, I tried to land a few body shots. And uh yeah, I tried when I could. It was a bit messy, but from a systematical breakdown, the right hand landed, it found his home &gt;&gt; and the referee waved it off after. Did he get counted out or did the ref wave it off? &gt;&gt; I believe he got counted out. &gt;&gt; So, the right hand found his home. &gt;&gt; I would have loved to have landed some more body shots, but it weren't it weren't for tonight. Maybe in the future, but we got the job done in the end anyway. Well, I wanted to fight. So, the question is I was asking myself, do I actually want to fight? The only way I'm going to find out is if I get in the ring and have a feel for it. So, getting in the ring today, I definitely want to fight, but I definitely want to get better as well. So, I'm hungry for more. I'm hungry to get back on that gravy chain and just continue everything that I kind of left behind.