Kind: captions Language: en Well, it's a huge week for Tyson Fury and Isaac Lowe Macmudov, but it's equally as important for Conor Benn who takes on Regis Prograis. Great to have you back in a stadium again. Just how excited are you to get back under those fight night lights? It must be a very exciting time for you. Joe, it's a blessing. It's my first stadium show in a row, first stadium show in a year. You know, so Tottenham starts to feel like a home ground now. Yeah, I bet. I mean, it's not been without its distractions in the build-up. I mean, a lot has been made of your switch from Eddie Hearn and Matchroom to DAZN. How have you blocked out the outside noise and make sure that it hasn't become a distraction? I've been off social media for months now, so I don't really focus on the noise. I'm locked in, dialed in. And for me, that's the priority. Everything else is just noise. I'm here to do one job. Really not into all the noise. You know, it's nothing like the Eubank fights. It's less personal. There's no uh ill feeling towards Regis. I'm going to go in there and do a job and and and make this fight what it's supposed to be. I couldn't walk in Conor Benn's shoes, but people have said, you know, with the the switch to DAZN that there's even more sort of eyeballs on you and even more pressure to go out there and produce a statement performance. Would you agree with that or is each and every time a unique pressure that you have to deal with? I mean, pressure is a privilege, you know? I mean, I've had pressure my whole career. I don't feel pressure from the switch to go out there and perform. Ultimately, I go out there and do what I do. You know, it's I I do everything I can to be the best version of myself and give myself every best chance of being the best fighter I can be. You know, I believe I'll beat anybody on their day. You know, so for me, it's not even it's not pressure. What What Why is there pressure? Ultimately, I'm going in there to to fight a 147 pounder. Um you know, the pressure was going up to fight Eubank, jumping up to middleweight. You know, fight my arch nemesis. The you know, the family rivalry. The feud. That was That was pressure. God, there was headlines about that, let's be honest. What about the weight? So I mean, I look at you now and I think, you know, it was a unique scenario, wasn't it, having to go up to to 160 and you've tapered down, tapered down. So this fight against Regis Prograis is at 150. How do you feel now at this point of fight week? I'm also interested, you know, if a late call came and they said, "Look, we can get a world title, but you got to make 147." I already know the answer, but you know, sort of gun to your head, could you make it and could you feel strong at it, do you think? I don't need a gun to my head, but I'd I'd definitely do it. Yeah, of course. Listen, I've stayed disciplined. Um ultimately, people going, "Oh, you can't drop down from 160 for 3 years and then and then come down to 147." And it's like for me, it's just like, "Well, all right, cool. Watch me. I'll do it." You know, I've just been at 160. I've been walking around at 175 uh for the Eubank camps. You know, to now me being at 3 lb over on fight week. We don't get to see it though. That that type of discipline that you have to have at this level. Can you just give a win a window into the life of Conor Benn about how disciplined you have had to be? I know you work alongside Dan Lawrence as your strength and conditioners, but it's down to you. You have to be stay stay disciplined. I also have a performance chef, Daniel Sargent, who's helped work wonders. It has changed the game for me in bringing my weight down, but it's disciplined out of camp. Don't order that. Don't have this. Don't have that. Don't have this. Just be a little bit cuter with what you're eating. Be a little bit smarter and more strategic with what you're eating. You know, and it was you could say hard when I've just come off the back of an amazing win and I could have got out of shape. I didn't. I stayed in the gym. And I was running 10k almost every day just to get the weight down. So when this opportunity was presented to me, I was able to take it. Most fighters would have had to miss out on the opportunity of a lifetime to because they couldn't get their weight right. You know, whereas I stayed active, stayed in the gym, stayed training, focused on getting my weight down. Last one, it's going to be difficult to outshine Tyson Fury because he is Tyson Fury, but you'll be focused on your own fight. Would you mind giving us a prediction and how you think the fight might unfold with Regis Prograis? I'm going for the stoppage. I want an early night, for sure.