Kind: captions Language: en Caroline, congratulations. After all is said and done, when the talking stops and the fighting starts, you are the unified lightweight champion of the world. Congratulations. How do you analyze your own performance? Um First of all, can I say a massive thank you to everyone? Like this atmosphere, this energy, you guys brought it all. Women's boxing has always been on the back burner in boxing, and today we put it on the forefront. So, thank you to everyone who turned up, everyone who put it on the Everyone who fought in the card. I wouldn't be able to do this without you. And I know all the Terri Harper fans will be upset, but listen, Terri had a good showing, and she showed why she is a good very very very good boxer. Was it just business? It seemed to be some respect at the end there. From my side, yeah, for sure. It was never personal for me. It was always personal for Terri. I'm a fighter and I'm an entertainer. I put myself out there to show up for you guys. I put myself out, you know, I talked the talk to be entertaining for you guys, and this is why this fight was the most talked about, the most exciting. So, um I know people will be Terri Harper fans will be upset with the decision, but I'm an entertainer, and this is what I do. You talked it, and you walked it. May I ask about the pace of the fight? Uh yeah, may I ask you about the the pace of the fight? Felt like you built your way into it, and then you exploded in that sixth round. Yeah, for sure. I felt like I could have gone through the gears. Um I don't want to make excuses, but yeah, it doesn't matter. Yeah, I felt like I put I started really well. Terri was very negative, and we knew who she was going to be, and it was a bit tricky to get get get get her. When the sixth round I landed, and that's what happened. You got two now, so the road to undisputed starts to clear. Will you be sitting down with Jake Paul, Nakisa Bidarian, and the rest of the team to try and get this undisputed uh road all the way to the top? 100% That's the plan. Um I only want big big fights from here on out. Just a word on this crowd as well. It's been a a great card, as you said. To come away top of the bill I know we had two main events, but to come away with that victory sets up a perfect rest of the the year for yourself. Yeah, I've got two more fights this year, and I want to make them two of the biggest. Well done. Congratulations to you, and thank you everybody for coming out. Happy Easter, and have a safe journey home.