Kind: captions Language: en Well, welcome back to London Bridge. We're in our little promo area here. And Daniel Dubara has stepped uh into the room. It's a small room in a big presence. July 19th back under that Wembley Arch. You must be so excited. A chance to become undisputed heavyweight champion of the world. Did you always think that you would get to this point? You'd always get your chance. Not. Yeah. Yeah, definitely a chance, but an opportunity. And it's I'm glad it's all worked out as it has. And I'm just ready for it. Ready for it. back in with your old foe Alexander Usk. I mean, you're both different fighters now, but do you believe that you perhaps have the momentum, the upper hand uh just because of this run that you've been on? You know, been so busy. Frank Warren told us uh you know, probably the most inform and busiest heavyweight in the whole division. I'm glad I'm glad I am because it's prepared me for this for getting back in there and um you know becoming a new man and what I've been through is just toughened me up and now that I'm here I'm really going to shake up the world again with another big performance, another huge blood bath performance. I want it to be a war. So that's that's my mindset. Now easy questions, easy answers. Do you think that shot was low or do you think he milked it? I'll give you a clue. Frank Warren's already said he'd never been more sure of anything in the world that it was a legitimate shot and that Alexander Usi was looking for a way out. They're his words, not mine. What do you say? I believe that's the truth. I was there. I landed a shot. It was on a button. But you know the heal the crowd and you know just the political environment that was going on at the time. It wasn't just a fight. It was bigger than that. So and other things that happened in the background of that. So, um, here we are. Another chance to correct history and clear out the controversy. Back under that Wembley arch. I wonder like, you know, that must be such a confidence boost. Probably the same dressing room, the same walk that you walked before when you fought Anthony Joshua. Can it be the same result? I mean, you did a real number on Anthony Joshua. I don't think we've really seen anybody do it in that manner. Can you do what to Alexander? What? Nobody's done before. I think I can do even better than that. That's that's my mindset. I think I can do even better than that. and what that looks like is scary and and I want I really want to do it and show the world I'm the real king and yeah here we go. You got a few months now. It's my last question but you walk that walk up at the farm gym in Elry and you see Wembley every single day uh for every single day now until July 19th. You going to be looking at that when you park your car and thinking back to business under the arch and time to become undisputed. I'm gonna be dreaming about that looking at them them them them them them them them them them them them them the WLY archers and yeah this is where history has to take place man it's always good to see you thank you very much so Daniel Dwis champion in his own right but on July 19th can he dethrone the other champion in the division Alexander Usyk and become undisputed heavyweight champion of the world Yes. Yes.