Kind: captions Language: en That vibe, fearing defeat, accepting that that is something that can happen as a pro boxer people tell me is kind of essential really. You have to have that understanding of what could happen in there. It it doesn't matter. Wow. See how you double guest then? Oh, cuz I could kill you right now on your platform. That was that could say a lot. Talk about your uni days, Ben. Now, now now parliamentary procedure, gentlemen. Parliamentary procedure. Um I was just saying there the attitude from Connor Ben was was good because pro fighters do need to I think anyway um fear defeat it can use it can be a motivating factor. Does Eubank fear defeat in this fight do you think Ben that's I don't feel like that's something he could he could ever admit to. No no I think that's what will be the difference if I'm honest is that he's been in these pay-per-view events in these high pressure moments so many times now. He's he's been he's lost, he's won, he's come back, there's been rematches, there's been away crowds, there's been hostile atmospheres. He's ice cold. This doesn't phase him. This is what he lives for. And uh he's just looking forward to Saturday. He's so relaxed. Had an amazing camp. Train for it like it's a world title, which is actually, you know, everyone says you leave no stone unturned, but for for Chris, it's actually unusual. He really has. Yeah, we're just really looking forward to it now. Do you know I think what a fantastic job everyone's done at not highlighting the 6 in height difference. And I can't lie. I think if Connor Ben does go and do this, I don't expect him to. I'll be real. I think Chris is going to win this fight. I do. But if Connor does, I hope he gets uh accepted and celebrated the way that he genuinely deserves for how much of an uphill climb that I see this fight as me personally. That's a good point actually. People aren't really talking to miss out on it right now. Look at the bookies. The odds ain't that far apart. And I think that's mental to me. Yeah. The the height thing is it's a real thing and the reach that comes with it and not just sorry not just not just the physicality. If you look at who Eubank has fought level yeah and you look who Ben has fought like it's the mismatch in terms of experience and accomplishment in the ring. It's all you know what people are thinking this is in terms of making it a closer fight or backing kind of Ben is you know current form. He was coming into the what should have been the first fight. He was on a roll and I I guess that they're thinking well you know Eubank he got stopped by Liam Smith okay he won the rematch but Liam didn't look right and you know is he is it father time catching Eubank I think that's what people are looking at but for a fighter look you guys know better than me but if you don't have to make weight and you can just live healthfully and put on size and and go in there and not worry about it Chris all he's thinking about is weight right now it's not easy for him and that's what people are looking at I think people see that as a massive factor in why they can the ones who are leaning towards Ben. I think that's a big part of their decision making and there's a lot of lightweights that would b me right now even though I don't have to make weight. It's just it's just the way it is. If you're naturally a much bigger man and have we have seen that by where you spent your career at there has to been some real sizable advantages and we've see it they stood next to each other. It almost looks like Connor shouldn't be fighting him. It looks like a smaller version of David Haye when he come up against value. Just such a sheer height difference. Obviously not a whole foot, just half a foot if you like, but and really a 20 pounds from where Connor started his career to where he's going to be fighting um against Chris Eubank. Someone that's campaigned at 160, went up to 168 and is coming back. I just think it's I think we're oversighting how much of an underdog Connor Ben should be, but I think everyone is and I think that's been a great job of promoting by match him and also a great job of Chris Eubank of not mentioning how much bigger he is than him as well. It's not it's not the height, it's not the size, it's the skills. Look, I I think I think Chris is well aware of the fact that he's going in there against a more athletic, a younger, a fitter, a more explosive guy. I I believe that we know that as a camp and so we know the first three rounds Connor's going to jump on him and it's going to be chaotic and it's going to be, you know, it's going to be something that Chris has to get through and that's what we're feeling is if can we get through those first two, three rounds and then that should take over what you're saying. But I think it's going to be a dangerous fight. Personally, I think Chris isn't underestimating him and uh look, Connor certainly believes in himself. I think Eubank if if this wasn't such a massive event, I think if it was just based on pure boxing, what we know of Connor and and and what Eubank's done and the fact that there is the big the size difference. I think I think Eubank think it's a fight that there's only one way he can lose and he gets caught with a silly shot. But I don't I think because of the magnitude of the event and the history and the bad blood, I don't I don't think he'll get caught with the stupid shot. Do you know what I mean? I think he'll be he'll be super switched on. Yeah. And he's shown a good level of boxing and been able to stay away and able to set trap. Chris has gone all the way to the top of the game. Okay. He lost against what? Billy Joe Saunders. He lost against world champions, George. High high level fighters. High. Yeah. But high level fighters where like I've said the whole way I think matching have done such a tremendous job matching and building on the Ben. I think that people are completely overlooking that his best win was against a four years past retired Algeri who every time he stepped in against the elite level got wiped out and I think it's bizarre that people aren't making as much of a big point of it. You're not really selling this event, you know. And just one just I'm here to comment on it. Just just one for you before we let you go. We're not expecting to see Eubank Senior in the corner around the corner, particularly near Chris during during this week. But things can always change. Do you get any sense that that could happen? And at this stage, it probably wouldn't be that helpful, would it? No, I I don't think so. I think to be honest, it's so close to the fight now. It's just not something that anyone wants to talk about, wants to bring up. I can't imagine it was nice Chris seeing that, but because he's he's been here before, because he's been through a lot, he's just focused on the fight right now. For me personally, what what his dad said and did, whether you agree with half of it or not, shouldn't be aired in the public, especially this close to a fight. I think some of it was overboard and personal. And personally, I think he should be very proud of of his son um and what he's achieved in the game. And uh that's all we're focused on. At the end of the day, if his dad will be there, we would be delighted as his dad, not his trainer, not his boxing adviser, but as his dad. And that's all Eubank really wants. Okay. Thanks very much for coming over. But we will swap you out with Eddie Hearn. So he's spoken to getting a problem from it right now. So Ben Shalom and Eddie Hearn joins us now. So that was a nice awkward photo with with you and Ben in the middle of I said go on dance. He started dancing. I just wonder now I've got him under complete control. I just said just wait do that. Behave yourself. Behave yourself. How were you tempted to turn around and turn it into a face off though? That's what we were really definitely not. That's definitely cringe. But, you know, look, I think just like you see in um the FA Cup, this is a bit I mean, forget the fight, the fight's a 50/50, but promotionally, it's like the the the dream of the FA Cup, isn't it? All small clubs get their chance, you know, to take on the big boys. And I think, you know, it's a big moment for him. And and when you when you look at that, you look at what you've put into Connor Ben, everything that you've put behind promoting him, the fact that you've stuck with him through absolutely everything. when at stages I think people probably expected there would come a point where you might feel like you just had to cut your losses. You know, business is business, that kind of thing. You've got him to here now into this massive massive fight. I wouldn't say from a business point of view, do you feel like he owes you or he owes you a win? It's big though, isn't it? Yeah. But at the end of the day, I either believe you or I don't. And if I believe you, I got you back. And that's all it was. It wasn't really that deep. I had Connor Ben, Nigel Ben, Tony Sims in my office two dozen times when this was all going on. No one sees really behind the scenes, the tears, what he did to the family, spending nearly a million quid. He did. Basically, nearly going bankrupt to defend his name, you know, getting ridiculed across social media. No one even wanted to talk to him. But that's not what it was all about. I just believed him. And I weren't going to walk away from someone that I believe. What would that make me be? Sorry mate. Have to duck out cuz it ain't a good look for me. This is like we were in it together and it's not. He don't owe me. You see people do it though, don't you? Yeah. But look, I mean, look, we we're in it together. If I felt that he if I didn't believe him, one thing's for sure for two and a half years and still, I wouldn't have taken constant stick about it. I would have just gone, mate, I'm really sorry. Like you said, we But you don't do that. If you believe in someone and he's your mate, forget the client bit. I've I've represented Conor event since he was a a baby coming in at the O2. He could hardly stand up since he was what 18 19. I've spent a lot of time with him and the the family just doesn't work like that. You know, if I've if you're if I'm with you and you're with me, I've got your back. And when I believe in you like I did to Connor Ben, there was no way we were backing down. And now it's paying dividends. Now that's all irrelevant. Completely irrelevant. All that matters is Saturday and the result. And if and I believe when he wins this fight, I will go absolutely berserk because it will be one of the sweetest moments and he will become the biggest star in British boxing with victory on Saturday night. But he's got to do it and it's a tough fight. It's a 50/50 fight. But I've never seen people like Tony Sims. You obviously I know Nigel's his dad, but the whole training team, you don't understand what he's been doing in this camp to who he's been doing it to, to the the size of the people he's been doing it to. And I know sparring, sparring, everyone can say that. But I tell you what, if if you could have programmed Connor Ben to turn up Saturday in the absolute peak of his powers, he's done it. So the rest is up to him. Okay. Well, as always, you've given a summation of events. Actually, no. One more. One more. One more then. So, how does he win? He knocks him out inside six rounds. I mean, look, I I think that one thing is Connor Ben is very accurate. He's very sharp early. He always lands early in the fight. Eubank is not this incredible fighter with unbelievable defense and footwork that's hard to land clean on. So Connor is going to land early in this fight and I believe when he lands early and sharp, he will knock him out. Now don't get me wrong, I've said before this isn't a case of we oh there's no way we can lose this fight. It's a very dangerous fight. I'm interested to see what Eubank does. What's he going to do? Is he going to take the middle of the ring? He's not going to want to get backed up, is he? By Connor with the faints and the twitches early. get backed up on the ropes like I know like the Chris Algieri knockout cuz that's what happened against Liam Smith. Does he come out and just fight fire with fire and say look I'm the bigger guy. I think I punch harder. I think I'm bigger. I'll stand and have it with you. Should do but then if you do you're going to get a British version of Haggler Hearns and it'll be all over inside three rounds one way or the other. Have that one way. British version of Haggler Hearns would be absolutely fine. That that thanks very much for your time. Thanks very much Matt Sunny. We'll be speaking well I'll definitely be speaking to you two again tomorrow. yourself every day this week as we build towards fight night.