Kind: captions Language: en Sandy, not to be uh for you tonight. Obviously, it's still very raw. Um have you been able to process uh what what went wrong tonight? What um what didn't happen for you? Um I started well, start started on the game plan, what K has had me doing. Um but then I just fell off the game plan and went into a fight. Um and yeah, this there's no excuses and she's a great fighter. We've had two great fights now, so no excuses my end, but um yeah, it's still still hard to take. I've put a lot into this camp. So, is it any consolation at all that it was another fight of the year contender? You shared 20 uh brutal rounds, but 20 really entertaining rounds. Now, ultimately, the results are going to say 2-0, but that probably doesn't tell the the full story of the rivalry at all. Yeah, exactly. um two great fights, two headlines um in America, two female headlining. So, yeah, that's big in itself. Um it would have been nice to finish it one all, but it wasn't my night. You obviously hit hard. Um what was the ultimate difference there? She she seems to have a great engine. uh you know, you would land a good shot and she would come firing back and whether they all landed or they didn't, it it's quite eye-catching work for the three judges at ringside. Yeah, she's um got a good punch section se selection. Um and yeah, she was hitting me, I was hitting her, both catching each other. Um both did great work. It just shows the the elite level that we're both at. You've uh been matched hard, which I think has benefited you at times. Um, what will the future hold for you? Will you look to build back or is it just big fights now? You you've been beaten, but actually it's it's fine margins. Uh, is there any benefit in dropping down a level or do you want to get straight back in there and if she goes undisputed against Lauren Price, then eventually the the belts fragment again? Yeah. Um, I would never drop down a level. Um, so I'd have to sit back sit down with my team and uh look what's next. But uh right now I I don't know to be honest. No, I understand. Uh it's difficult for you to process. Obviously emotional as well. So I'll leave you in peace. But thank you very much for for the great access and um the welcome from your team and uh I'm sure when you watch it back 20 rounds uh two fight of the year contenders, you hopefully you can be pretty proud of what you achieved in there. Yeah. Um, yeah, we can look back, tell my kids, "So, look what your mom used to do. Used to look at my face." Oh, god. Um, yeah, some memories. Well done. And commiserations.