Kind: captions Language: en Welcome back to Islington. Done and dusted here. The weigh- in done and dusted as well. But quite an eventful day particularly on Chris Eubank's side. On the other side, Eddie Hearn, Ed, quite an eventful day for Eubank side. Very and for you straight from Cheltenham obviously as well, which is always nice. Um, a lot of fun this morning. I mean, look, we live and breathe for these rivalries and these moments, not just in the ring, but the buildup mind games. Obviously, Eubank's kind of laid the gauntlet about how disciplined he is, how professional he is. He misses weight this morning and a hefty penalty to Connor Ben as well that's contracted and uh now he's got the hydration tomorrow. Don't get me wrong, in the evening he's going to be at a massive advantage. He'll be over a stoneheavier than Connor Ben in the ring. But it doesn't matter. Connor's sharp, ready, so full of energy, so confident, ready to to pull off a huge win tomorrow night. I spoke to George Groves earlier. He said unprofessional. What's your view? It is. It can only be unprofessional. I mean, I know that Chris is trying to paint the narrative of how tough it is. Go and ask everybody out who made weight out there how tough it was. They all go through that process. Chris is the IBO middleweight world champion. His last five fights have been at the 160 pound limit and he didn't make it. Fact. I mean, it don't matter, but we can't just sit there and say, you know, if Connor Ben was in a fight at his weight and he missed weight, he'd be ridiculed. So, listen, it is what it is. It doesn't really matter. Tomorrow is the fight. But right now, the pendulum is swung in terms of the mojo, right? We're firing. Connor Benn is so pumped, you know, and he's ready. His dad, everybody just so they want to win this fight so bad. And we haven't had a fight like this in British boxing outside of the heavyweight division since Froch Groves. There hasn't been this kind of rivalry. It's great for the game. Was it unsavory a little bit earlier? Very much so. Yeah. Gone. Well, I mean, look, you got a guy who's trying to make weight. He's he's he's one ounce over, you know, he's messing around. I mean, they Eubank came in over an hour late to the weigh in in the first place. If he would have come on time, he would have made weight. He didn't have the time to get it off. He went downstairs. He came back upstairs. He had to take his pants off. You know, it's it's a fairly humiliating situation for a guy that prides himself apparently on this professionalism. So, you got to lick your wounds. Chris is a strong guy mentally, but you know, you know, that's going to have an effect on him. And, you know, the the financial penalty as well was significant. That always hurts. Um, so I guess one up for Connor Ben today, but what really matters is tomorrow night. add fuel to this already huge rivalry. Of course, because you're in the room, you got Frank Smith and Mazma Majid or whatever his name is having a row and the board someone shouting at the board and they're telling the cameras to get out and it's it's volatile. The fight's volatile, but every team like every member of the team is desperate to win this fight, but no one more so than Connor Ben. Maybe Nigel be. And um we're ready. We're ready. You're going to get a great fight tomorrow night. What time you get in there? I don't know. I might go now. You know the fight, the boxing starts at 5 p.m. Brilliant. Glanton against Bill Smith. Great fight. Chev Clark against Vid Riley for the British cruiserweight title. Look out for Aaron McKenna against Liam Smith. Brilliant middleweight fight. And the third one between Arthur and Yard as well. Then the big one all live tomorrow night. It's a blockbuster. Really is a blockbuster. Obviously I'll get changed. He'll he'll take his pajamas off and we'll be ready for Saturday night.