Kind: captions Language: en Congratulations. Thank you. Tell us how you're feeling. Uh good, yeah. I feel like I've been to fight. Yeah, it was a It's a funny one. It's a hard I don't know if it's all fully sunk in yet. Um it's going to take a few days maybe of what that was, what it means, everything else. So, yeah, just riding the wave of it at the moment. Have you had managed to get any sleep or not much? &gt;&gt; A little bit. A little bit. The baby's keeping me up a bit last night, so that's kind of uh a quick humble that brings you down to earth very quickly. So, uh but yeah, wouldn't have it any way. And have you managed to watch any of the fight back? Not um not anything large really. Little clips that have been online and things. Seen little bits here and there, but even then not too much really. Um by the time I by the time I got back to the room, I was just want to lay down and just play with the baby for a bit. So, yeah, I hadn't I hadn't played around with my phone too much yet. Let's chat about the fight then because a huge opponent in Joe Parker. Um we all know about his credentials and and the class that he has. What were you expecting and and what did you make of of the fight as it played out? Yeah, look um huge opponent, huge heart from Joe. Credit to him for taking the fight. It was a risky fight, one he didn't necessarily have to take, but proves how much of a a fighter or a warrior he is. Um and yeah, look, he was very problematic in moments. That the flow had ebbs and flows. It was back and forth. He had good moments. I had good moments. There were ups and downs to it all, but at this end of the division, it's always going to be like that. It's never going to be plain sailing. Um it's never just going to entirely go your way. So, yeah, there were some some hurdles, some things to overcome, some things he was doing that we had to figure out and kind of work with a bit differently. So, yeah, all a learning experience, but very good in the end. And give us your thoughts on the stoppage. Yeah, look, I think it was right. Um if not, maybe it could have come a little bit earlier. Uh we saw the kind of we saw it happen already once over in the second round where I was just shipping punches off on him. Um and there was a long time waiting for the ref to step in. Um and then again in the 10th as well, similar scenario. And then the 11th, I think kind of third time of asking, the ref kind of felt like, all right, I can't let this happen again. Um he had to step in and do his job. And tell us a bit about what goes through your head, Fabio, because we've seen it before. You No one can count you out. Um what's the mentality? Um I I guess the mentality is, look, if I'm still in the ring, my feet are still on the ground, I've still got some breath in my lungs, this I'm I'm still in the fight. I don't I don't care whether it's the first round, 12th round, whichever else. That that clock counting the rounds, whatever you want, it doesn't mean much to me. Um the fight lasts for as long as it lasts. And if I'm in there, I'm I'm still working to get the win. Where's that come from because I mean, someone like Parker, we know what a skilled boxer he is, but there's just something in you, isn't there? Yeah. You what a fighter you are. Yeah, maybe. Um I don't know. Just resilience. Kind of I just I don't want to lose. I refuse. And if I am ever going to lose, it's going to be well earned by whoever manages to do that. Um it's not going to be a simple task for anyone. I don't care who they are. And where does this rank for you in terms of of what you've achieved so far? I guess achievement-wise, it's definitely at the top. Yeah, there's so far in my career, there's no bigger achievement. There's no there hasn't been a bigger opponent. Um and obviously with everything that following this, what comes after, this is this is my biggest career achievement to date. I wonder how much longer people can think of you as an underdog. Cuz it seems these fights, people underestimate you, right? And once again proving that you can not just mix it with the best, but beat beat some of the best names in the division. Yeah, I don't really I don't know if that tag will ever kind of leave me. Between that, being the underdog, or with the next fight always being the fight that's the step too far. Um obviously the white collar thing as well. All those things are kind of I don't really think I'm ever going to shake those off, but that's fine. I wear them more as like a as a badge of honor as opposed to something negative. Automatically, the conversation then jumps to what's next. Usyk's name mentioned immediately afterwards. Can you chat to us about what your hopes are for for the future now? Yeah, look, very simple. I hope he's a man of his word and it comes off and we get the fight. I know it was mandated by the WBO. I don't know him or his team at least came out not too long ago to say, look, they were they were keeping an eye on the fight and they were happy to take on the winner. So, um yeah, I believe him to be a man of his word as well. So, yeah, 2026, hopefully we'll see Usyk. I mean, that that would be huge. How do you feel about taking on Usyk? Um we all know how how talented he is. Um but I know you'll also back yourself and your ability. Yeah, look, it can't be understated um how how good he is as a boxer and how much of a talent he is, but ultimately, I have self-belief. Um I don't care who he is. He is at the at the bare bones of it, he is just a man across the ring with with two arms, the same as me. So, any any man that steps in that ring with me, I can defeat. Chris Lloyd mentioned on commentary last night, Portman Road. I mean, how good would that be? Would you like to see this fight in Ipswich or you're just happy to to fight Usyk wherever it is? Yeah, look, if we could get it in Ipswich, that'd be fantastic. Um to see Alexander Usyk wandering around Ipswich would be quite a funny sight, I think. But uh yeah, I don't know if that's the one that's going to come off, but look, if he wants it there, then then we'll we'll welcome him with open arms. And so now, just for you, time for a bit of a break. I know you've got a new baby. Family time, holiday time, is it? Yeah, just downtime, dad mode, little holiday in there somewhere as well. So, yeah, just chill out for a bit, prep, get ready for the new year. It's going to be a big one. Congratulations. Thank you.