Kind: captions Language: en The headlines really from the weekend though. Shakur Stevenson just proved that he is that guy, isn't he? I wonder if he is our &gt;&gt; perfection, isn't he? &gt;&gt; Yeah, perfection. You know, like the purest of pure uh I mean, he dominated Tfimo Lopez. And I know a lot of people um thought it would be a close run thing that um you know high level chess match maybe not that interesting uh and that Tofimo Lopez may well be too big stuff like that. I mean he breezed it to become a four-weight world champion and you're still left scratching your head now thinking where is the real acid test for Shakur Stevenson. He he's probably going to have to go up so many weights to find a genuine challenger I think that can bring the best out of him. How impressed were you? Um I mean by the the clear &gt;&gt; I love Shak Stevenson. I just think for him to beat a female Leo PZ I wouldn't say get out second gear but to get out of third gear I I I just thought there's so much more still to come from him. It was a boxing masterclass and we met we mentioned some boots as well as someone else who rate really highly. Um, and I think Barry mentioned before to Shak's corner, you look AC across the ring and there's Terrence Crawford there and you think, "Wow, he's got some setup, some team behind him." And &gt;&gt; you can see the influence as well. The way he's changing back too far anymore. I mean, I got to say like him him and him and Keshan Davis, the way they set up and you got to be long limb to do it, &gt;&gt; but that front foot is right in the center of your stance, but not like a Golovkin or Uzi as a cruiser where it puts pressure on you, but it makes you feel that they're close. Yeah, &gt;&gt; but they lean back. &gt;&gt; They don't sit on the back foot. They lean back. It's unbelievable. I've never seen anything like it. &gt;&gt; So they're like, "Come on, come and get me. &gt;&gt; The foot's there." Cuz you So know when their foot's close to your feet, you know they can get you. &gt;&gt; So boxer, I know exactly what you're describing. &gt;&gt; So you're think so. So So as an opponent, you're thinking if I don't throw, I'm going to get caught. So then you throw and they make you miss. It's okay cuz you throw two shots. So you miss the one, you get the next one. And somebody like Tioima Lopez who likes to dart into his so he pushes off his legs. He he closes the gap quick, not mega quick because his hands are fast. His feet not that fast, but he'll jump into attacks maybe the first one, but the second one will hit or go close enough to make you panic or lean back or jump back. &gt;&gt; You're so far out the range. You throw two shots and you're still a second phase from hitting them. [clears throat] &gt;&gt; I mean, that takes away. So, when when TF wasn't throwing any punches, his dad and his dad, by the way, fantastic corner work, but when he's saying you got to throw punches, it's like, I am throwing punches, but I miss you so far away that I'm vulnerable. So you'll clam you up. I got this thing, Joe. You're a trainer. She like I always say you're only as good as your fighter, but a trainer's a good trainer is worth his weight in gold. He is he's the difference. And that &gt;&gt; in a fight of that magnitude, come back to your corner when when you I've been in a fight where when I had no answers for anything and I'm lost. So you want to come out the corner and hear something that helps you. You know, you've had fighters and you've changed them. I mean, &gt;&gt; you've got to give whether it's one thing. I don't know what you tell him or whether you got to slap him and motivate him, but don't don't berate him just as a as a trainer's advice. That was no advice. &gt;&gt; No, no. &gt;&gt; What did he give him, Joe? He didn't give &gt;&gt; No, no, it was I think to himself that the mushroom would have had a game plan. It it didn't happen. But there was no plan B or C. Whether they whether they felt their ego or their strength or the size would be too much or whatever, but there was no plan B to anything there. It was just the same thing. and and just through his own pride and his will and trying to do something made him more open to get caught even more got worse for that desperation to lean over the front foot a little bit more getting caught but Shakur the speed the timing he who [snorts] a fighter similar to him had a speed of hand was Rondo at the time and Shakur sometimes with his speed of hand the other day was fast as an alley was just like wow he was just class w I said getting out of third gear it was just class of all these top fighters now they're all boxing with their hands high almost almost all the top 10 in the pound for pound all of them I mean they might drop their hands a little bit but when when it when it gets to the business end whether in trouble tired or the business end of doing their work their hands are up &gt;&gt; and I like that because that's what kids should learn I mean you got your own style you might box with your hands by your ankles but you have to learn the fundamentals first because it all works when you're in trouble &gt;&gt; he's so well schooled isn't he that's the thing he's he doesn't make &gt;&gt; Davis and Bruce calendar we haven't really mentioned another what I didn't understand was and this is again like you know to simplify what is very complex he seemed to stand like more than content to stand in mid-range and it makes it interesting I I think that you have a degree of like oh with him like is he going to get caught or not vulnerability that's the wrong way that's the wrong word to use for it but he makes it so exciting but he's combination punching but he he it's not like he's boxing on the back &gt;&gt; you got that you got that swivel of your hip so every punch really I I tell kids I don't go down gyms very often when I do I put him in a boxing stance I I I'm not a trainer by the way, joke obviously. But I I I say cross your hands, cross your chest and turn your shoulders and hips together and I say that's every punch you can throw. &gt;&gt; That movement there [clears throat] is every punch and then the arm comes off that and that's so you and that and learn that movement and that and then the better that move and the more cricket and that's every sport like throwing a rugby ball, kicking a football swing of the golf club theory. It's the same movement &gt;&gt; and and I just think Joe's go that's Yeah. What's he talking about? But like I I think but I &gt;&gt; No, I'm not. No, it's all the same thing. It's all rotation from the hip, the waist, all the way around. I I was just saying there about Fraser Clark. He's like 200 lb, but he's he's been throwing punches with 20 lb and not 200 lb. He's throwing with just his arm. It's not his shoulder. His arm are coming. &gt;&gt; Well, the power is in the back of your body, isn't it? &gt;&gt; There you go. That's it. And transferred getting that whip in the hip. So there you go. &gt;&gt; Ironic coming from me who couldn't punch. But I mean, I I know this after I boxed. But I mean, but because no one told no one tells you, &gt;&gt; you knew now what you knew then. &gt;&gt; And that's where I say you're only as good as your box. You're only as good as your as your boxer. But that's where a good trainer with his weight and go can they teach you these things and that make you better cuz you already got the talent then they make you better. &gt;&gt; Yeah. What did we make of Shakur and Connor Ben post fight just really great summer. You've got a fella there who's one of the pound of pound best in the world Shak Stevens who just had his moment. You've got Connor Ben who is still yet to win a belt of notes. So we don't really know how good he is and he's beat a weight drained whatever it was. Uh Chris Eubank over the hill at the end of it there. Fair play to him. But don't be jumping in the ring and disrespecting Shak Stevenson. And then you've got kids at home here that you can fight. Lewis Crockery, you're turning away. Connor Walker, you're turning away. Josh Kelly now 154. And then you're over there pushing and pulling with Roly Romero where Turkeyy's getting involved. His excellence there. Then you're calling out Shak Stevenson. I just think have a little bit of class about his Roy Keane say calm down. Just calm down. You'll have your moment. Eddie will get your chance. But don't be jumping in the ring trying to make a name for yourself. Do you do your talking with your fists in the ring? Fight Josh Kelly. Fight Connor Walker. Fight them fighters. But don't be jumping in the ring and Shak Stevenson. Calm down. [laughter] &gt;&gt; The thing the thing is I would say one thing. I'm not defending Connor, but Shak called him out. &gt;&gt; Well, they've got they've got that's the weird thing. He's called So because he's the money fight. He's not the biggest fight or the best fighter. Of course he's not. You have to be honest with whatever he whatever he thinks in reality no those divisions are stacked like but and we're not okay again we're not sure how good he is. I mean he was I thought he boxed fantastic against against Eubank Junior in the second fight but you junior was a shadow of himself. &gt;&gt; So just just to answer what you just said you just said to me Josh Kelly Connor Ben who wins &gt;&gt; and we we're thinking about it &gt;&gt; Stevenson Connor Ben. &gt;&gt; Well I mean it's a one-sided fight. &gt;&gt; So what why what's the point? But but it's &gt;&gt; because it brings &gt;&gt; so so boxing. This is where we're going. We're going to a misfits era of boxing. &gt;&gt; We're going into business talk here. &gt;&gt; But we're going to misfits area where people can just jump up weights, fight someone, and come back down for the sake of money. Yet there's a kid who's never won nothing at no weight division getting involved on money. And this is where boxing's half struggling at the moment because we're just we can just jump up and go and fight for things. And you're like, hang on, mate. You've got a winning English and British and the European like Josh Padley Hard Josh Kelly just done it Dalton Smith Kakati that's come up Jazza Dickens spent years and years and years and there someone that is and can just shout a name because of the brand and they get an opportunity and a huge payday. the business that is business but it's &gt;&gt; everything's right everything seems right Joe but I mean ultimately like &gt;&gt; it'll be it's bad for boxing and I I as a purist and I understand I do understand that but I I've gone off that for I've gone past all that now cuz we we've we've got we've gone with that sl a long time ago once Conor McGregor box Mayweather &gt;&gt; yeah you shut that door now &gt;&gt; that was the door we were open we never we were never coming back from that so &gt;&gt; the horse is in the field mate and you're trying to concentrate on shutting the stable door he's gone mate &gt;&gt; everyone else will Everyone else will say that'll bring so many eyes to the boxing stadium cuz that that kind of Connor Ben versus Steven will sell better than Connor been versus any of the other guys you &gt;&gt; No, I get that fact but but but I get that but in the old days Jirean went through the weight divisions but he was world champions at the weight division for even Crawford skipped already. It's it's like oh where's it going? the format of it all. What's the point of having a ranking system? The whole the whole thing where you can jump up and jump down and not really fight. It's it's really it's really boxing changed massively in 2025. Obviously Jake Paul obviously fighting Anthony Joshua. Um it's for the hard most of it of &gt;&gt; it's because you're training you're training fighters who are good fighters not you you got a gym full of good fighters not all of them who are not getting opportunities. Yeah, I see what you you you probably see it more than anyone else. You're like, I got all these good kids who could beat lots of good people. They don't get not getting the rub of the green for whatever reason. &gt;&gt; And I imagine there's trainers around you all over the country. You go &gt;&gt; there's trainers up down the country. I I've said to certain people, you can go down the M1 and the M6 and by the time you finish at their bottom at the M1 in London, you'd have an unbelievable stable kids on the way down that aren't with no one that anywhere else and can sell tickets. There's just a huge gulf in British boxing. But you need to have a gimmick now. There's a gimmick. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And I don't like that because I just feel a new age, your Crawford, your Canelos, your Usyk, they're not flipping tables. They're not trash talking. Fighters fight and can fight. And that's why I enjoy watching them type of fighters. And it's a shame that we feel we've got to have gimmicks to sell. I know, understand in boxing, we have characters, Bruno in the past and Barry McGwigan. There were characters, but for the right reasons. We're flipping tables and chairs and Michael Watson, another one. But I I I don't agree with it. And I just think it's bad. We're going into this misfit. Leave that for the misfits. You know what I mean? This is boxing.