Kind: captions Language: en Chris, first of all, thank you very much for your time this evening. Um, it was a great fight on Saturday, one that will be remembered for a very long time by fight fans. How are you feeling today? It was a great fight and uh it's a beautiful day. Got the London Eye, Big Ben, the Houses of Parliament, London. The weather's nice. Um, I'm happy. I'm truly happy. Uh, I did my best. I gave it my all. I didn't give up. Um, I represented my family name and legacy. Uh, and that's all you can do as a man. And I feel I did that to the best of my ability. Are you surprised at how much it captured the imagination of not just fight fans but the British public as well? It seemed to sort of really cross over into the sort of effect it had on people. It's all people were talking about in the sporting world this weekend. It's real, you know, and not just real in the sense that it's two men fighting. It's real uh in the sense that there is uh history and a genuine story that everybody can relate to. You know the father and son story is um you know it it can't be it can't be surpassed by anything. That is the dream. That is the fantasy. A good a perfect a working father and son relationship. So for fight fans to see um two men going through tough times and to eventually put that all to one side and unite. That isn't boxing. That's life. That's relatable. That's everybody on planet Earth. Every every man, every son wants that. And if they can see it happen, it's a beautiful thing. A lot of pride was at stake on Saturday night. Is it nice now to be able to walk the streets and be a winner? You had so much support in the stadium on Saturday night as well. Do you feel like you're the people's champion now? [Music] Um, according to Eddie Hearn, Connor Ben is the the people's champ. So, I don't know where that leaves me, but um I haven't actually been out into the streets into London, into England. I've been kind of uh resting, rehabilitating, relaxing. Um these these these training camps are tough. They take a lot out of you mentally and physically. Um I haven't even watched the fight back yet. Um, I've been with family, I've been with friends, very private, and I haven't been out there. Um, I'm looking forward to the days when I do go out and see the real reactions, you know. Um, yeah, it will be interesting to see how how things may or may not have changed. You went to hospital straight after the fight. Was that just a precaution or was there something more worrying? Well, when you get uh into a fight for 12 rounds, um there are injuries that are sustained. I got headbutted above my eye uh around the middle of the fight. It opened up and uh I had to go and have surgery on that. I had to sew it up. Um, Connor Ben and Eddie Hearn ran away with the story of uh a broken jaw. You know, there's no broken jaw here. Um, we are strong. Our bones are dense. Um, you know, when you when you're in a fight like that, you you you have to go to hospital. You have to get tested and, you know, looked after. But um I'm feeling good. I'm I'm feeling um grateful that the fight was so wellreceived. Um I'm in a great place. And when you were in hospital, were you feeling relief? Were you feeling like it was mission accomplished? Were you happy or were you exhausted? What was the sort of overriding emotion? Um I was content. I was um even when they were reading out the the scores uh before they picked the winner, I was at peace with whatever happened, whatever with whatever came. I knew I had won the fight, but I know in boxing decisions can be wrong. But I thought to myself, if they don't call out my name, I am still proud of what I did in that ring. And the people know who won. Um, so proud uh and at peace. I know you don't want to do a long interview this evening. If I may just ask you one one final question. Um, Turkey Alsh has suggested that Canelo could be a future opponent next year. Do you think that fight can happen and could it happen in the UK, London, Wembley, Tottenham Stadium? Maybe that is another uh stadium filler. Absolutely. Wembley, Tottenham, any any one of the large football stadiums in the UK will be filled uh for a fight like that. He is an opponent that I've been looking at for many years now. and um the fans would love to see that. So 100% that's a name that is in it's in my line of sight and um we will be doing whatever we can to secure that fight in the future. And what would you say to the fans who would want to see a rematch because they enjoyed Saturday so much? Watch this space. Boxing is a very beautiful industry where anything can happen. The possibilities are endless. Um, if the rematch is meant to be, it will be. And if not, guess what? There's plenty of other amazing fights to be had and uh and great things for me to achieve in the sport. So, I'm happy either