Kind: captions Language: en And we are joined now by Ricky Hans, former boxing promoter, Frank Warren. Frank, thank you for joining us this evening. A terribly, terribly sad news. Boxing and British sport has lost a very special fighter today. &gt;&gt; They have indeed. It's very, very sad news and the circumstances um are just awful. But you know what? Can you say that? You know, Ricky touched everybody in the UK and probably, you know, boxing fans around the world, but certainly in the UK was the fans favorite. They loved him. I never I never heard a bad well word about from anybody about him. you know, he's just such a nice guy and I remember signing him as a pro and he made his debut with me when he was 18. Um, after I met with him and Billy Graham, his train his then trainer to turn him over and we worked as a team together. I made the matches for him. Bill trained him and that led up to his which I think was the zenith of his career when he fought Manny Pacquiao at that time was pound-for-pound number one in the world. Ricky was a big underdog and we waited and plotted for that fight. We could have probably done it maybe a year earlier which I felt was too soon for him but we picked it right and he done the business in the ring and amazing style. It was a massive upset uh as far as a lot of people were concerned but we felt he could win the fight and he did that in a in a most amazing fight and on the way to that fight he built up this massive fan following. I look back at when he made his I think it was at witness he made his debut and he says himself he sold three tickets for that fight you know after fighting Zoo and going off to the states and fighting Manny Pacquiao Manny Pacquiao and uh Mayweather when he fought Mayweather he took 30,000 people with him that was the love for Ricky Hatton that's how people felt about him he was an amazing fighter and it was unfortunate for him that he was in the generation of Mayweather and Pacquiao who real quality modernday Greeks. If they weren't around, he would have been world champion for a long, long while. &gt;&gt; That connection, Frank, between fans and fighter is the one that Hatton had with his supporters perhaps the most special that you've known in boxing. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Because they liked him. They see him as a man of the people. There was some times where he was a bit too friendly with the fans in the pub and so forth, but uh and you know that that that you know sometimes I'm being very honest I didn't like but having said that he connected and they see him as a man of the people and he was a man of the people you know he's well like I mean look at them today at Man City you know he thoroughly deserved that you know they got you got the Manchester derby both sides appreciated him showed the love for him you know that that that's what he was that's what he They loved him. He was one of their own. And he was a he was a he was a unique not boxer. He was a unique sporting hero. &gt;&gt; Um Ricky made a documentary. It was a very powerful. It was brutally honest. Look at his personal life and his mental health battle battles. What the bravery in opening up and talking about those issues. Surely a a great legacy for him. &gt;&gt; It was I I had a podcast as well that he was doing. He came on that and we did a and it was again it was a similar thing but you know the the documentary was quite was on Skype wasn't it it was quite um in some ways it was too it was very revealing and it showed maybe some of the causes that led him to have his lapses or hiccups in his life everybody has things like that but he you know he worked very hard to overcome them but it definitely did affect him some of the things that happened behind the scenes and it was very very sad very sad and you know and I think that did and I think that did hurt him in a lot of it did hurt him in a lot of ways and it it it was a great shame but you know he was he was an unbelievable person I mean he was you know he's he's a dad he's a granddad he's a brother you know he's been a he's he's just a he's just a lovely guy but it but you know there were those personal battles and personal demons that he was fighting &gt;&gt; and and Frank How do you think he should be remembered? &gt;&gt; One of the greats, one of the British greats. I mean, you know, as I said, if it wasn't for Mayweather, who is, you know, was undefeated as a boxer, a great fighter. Manny Pacquiao, great. I mean, these these guys are up there with the, you know, with the alleys and the big names of their generation. If it wasn't for those, Ricky would have held that belt for a long, long time. And he beat and you m no one must forget he beat Costazoo who was the number one he was the best he was you know he was with that in those days he was with Showtime TV they they they invested a lot of time a lot of money he was winning you know he was the champion he was winning fights and you know to be considered number one the best in the world you've got to be some fighter and Ricky beat him and just beat him he broke his heart they they pulled him out in the corner and It was a fabulous night, you know, and he said on many occasion that that was the greatest night of his life because one, he won the title, but it was in his hometown in Manchester where we made it happen. &gt;&gt; Frank, thank you so much for your time this evening. &gt;&gt; It's a pleasure and rest in peace, Ricky, and God bless you.