Kind: captions Language: en I wasn't sure you were going to take this fight again, but then I'm thinking, I looked at you today, I thought, why not? Let's do it because it was an incredible night. &gt;&gt; I mean, you don't get opportunities in fights like this that come around very often. Um, and I'm fresh, you know? I I've been fighting for 14 years. I've had 38 fights, but I'm still fresh. I'm still um hungry. I still love being in the gym. I still love sparring. I still love getting up in the mornings and running. Um, dedicating my life to uh getting into the best shape I can get into. Some guys lose that passion. I haven't lost it. So, yeah, why not? &gt;&gt; And the day night before I remember saying to you about wouldn't it be lovely to reconcile your dad and then in here it was like back in the day we bit a WWE then your dad coming out of the vehicle. I mean, wow. you can't write this stuff, you know, and I had no idea. People weren't sure if it was a setup and an act. I can assure you it wasn't. Um, you know, I find out, you know, moments before I'm going to sleep the night before the fight, I have a phone call with him and he says he's going to come to the hotel. I'm like, "Wow." You know, for years I envisioned myself walking to that ring alone, getting into that ring alone, fighting alone. So for that to change literally overnight, uh it was an incredible thing and I'm very happy and grateful that he came. &gt;&gt; Just finally on the fight, is it maybe you know you he he had a good night, Connor? I know you say like he walked around like he was victorious, but maybe he was better than you expected and now you want to go in with a guy you probably got a bit more respect for in terms of ring ring respect. He didn't give up, you know, he didn't stop fighting, which is what you see, you know, quite often in this sport, guys giving up when the when the going gets tough. He didn't do that. So, in that that sense, I give him his respect and his credit. Um, when you have two fighters that are willing to put it all on the line, you you have fights which capture the imagination of the public and and fights that will live on forever. We created one of those fights in April and now we're going to try and do it again in November. &gt;&gt; Birthday. Are you going to have any cake? &gt;&gt; I'm 36 years old tomorrow. Um there's no cake. There's no there's no uh indulging. There's no partying. There's no clubbing. There's no poker. I poker. I know poker. Can you believe it? &gt;&gt; Is it you? &gt;&gt; Um I've got to be responsible. I got what eight and a half weeks until the fight. um you know the celebrations will be when my hand is raised in that ring. &gt;&gt; It's good to see you again. Very best of luck and happy birthday.