Kind: captions Language: en Eric, how are the emotions after that m? Just unbelievable. I mean, honestly, what I saw there, I can't even bother to moan about the scorecards because I couldn't be prouder. I mean, listen, I know me and Junior have had our ups and downs, but unbelievable respect to him, but for my man Connor Ben, you've just seen the the beginning in my opinion of one of the biggest stars in British boxing, the people's champion, and for all the rubbish he's been through over the last couple of years. And I know how good and clean this kid's heart is. To see him, you know, he I don't think he's quite aware yet of the response. He hasn't opened social media, you know, when when he come in the change room, he's like I said, mate, I can't tell you. You're a hero. And he's like, am I? I lost though. I said, mate, wait till you see the reception. You know, there were people that thought you won. There were people that thought it was a draw. There were people thought you bank won. It doesn't matter. You never stopped trying to win. And people loved that when your back's against the wall in the 11th and 12th round, you know, and those rounds were quite crucial in the fight as well. You never stopped. You took a breath and you went again. I said, "You got a heart of a lion, mate." And the British public understand that. And tonight, you become a hero. Honestly, I did a draw. Going in after the 10th round, I had Connor Ben up by two. And he gave away the 11th and 12th. I say he gave away. I mean, Eubank was amazing. Like again, as much credit as I'm giving to Connor, you can't take anything away from Eubank. Like, you know, he was hurt repeatedly in the fight. He was tired and he just came out. They went to war in the 11th and 12th, but but Eubank got the better of those rounds. And when I got in the ring, you know, I looked over, my dad said, "We've got this." And I Frank Warren, Connor's won this. And Don had I think Connor win Eubank winning by a couple. I think you guys had it by one round or whatever. So, it's like, oh. And then when I heard no split, I'm like, and then I didn't like 116 112. I've got to be honest with you. But listen, it is what it is. We witnessed tonight a fight that makes boxing great. That's why we love the sport. And you need fighters like that with hearts like that to give us that kind of night. And I'm so proud of Connor Ben, honestly. And and the world is his oyster now. He's a young man. You know, Eubank's at the back end of his career. We know he's been taken to hospital. The media in there said it's a broken jaw. I mean, who knows what his future holds. Connor Ben's just getting started. That was unbelievable. I was watching you a few times during the fight. He seemed to be a wee bit frustrated with the ref at times. Do you think it was Do you think he managed it to? I think that it was our I mean, Eubank was punching behind the head a lot. And actually, funnily enough, we had the referee in in the locker room before and you always if you've got any concerns, you let them know. And our team said, "We're concerned by the rabbit punches. We want to be able to fight on the inside, you know, but when the action's going to stop when you get punched behind the head. Probably should have taken a point, but I mean like, you know, even with the scorecard, it wouldn't have made a difference, which is quite ridiculous, but you know, um, it's a fight, you know, and it was a fight till the end. So, I say anything goes, but like, you know, they were hurting each other to the body, to the head. Eubank's legs went a couple of times. Connor got buzzed in the 12th round. It's like there's 2 minutes to go and you just saw Connor on the ropes and he just like I said take a gulp and then he'd go and it was just magical to watch. Just two more quickly just ahead of the fate. We've seen the scenes Chris Eubank senior rocket. Amazing. Yeah. Yeah. Did that have any effect on Connor or did it change anything ahead of it? I think it was a surprise to everyone. I mean I'd heard some whispers if I'm honest. Um and I don't know what made it happen. I've got an idea, but um we'll we'll keep the romance of the story. But I was glad he was there. I said in the buildup like he should be there. I mean, he should be proud of Junior post uh sorry, pre-ight because of this, but post fight I mean he should be I hope I hope he is, but he should be bursting with pride, you know. So, it was amazing like the scenes I've never seen. It was I mean it was like it was WWE but real. Yeah. You know, and it was just the storyline, the narrative, it was just perfect. and the fight delivered. That's what really matters. So often we see the hype, the narrative, the storyline and we just don't get the product. Tonight we got the product and we should thank Connor Ben and Chris Eubank Jr. Well, final one then you say we got we got the fight that was delivered. What's the chances then we see it again? Look, his excellency's already announced September back at Spurs. Um you know we have an agreement for that second fight. We got to have a think about it. You know Connor's saying I want revenge. I want this. And it's the biggest fight. I It's massive. But you don't want too many fights like that and we're giving away advantage up here at 160. He's coming up two divisions and you know I still stand by. No one's really said prefight, oh is it is it safe for Connor? Is it? You know, everyone was worried about Eubank and Eubank was fine. He messed up the weight because he was unprofessional. The hydration was fine for him and he went 12 hard rounds in there tonight. Don't don't worry about him. I worry about my man. And I know that Connor Ben can win world titles in divisions below 160. He can sell out any arena in the country. He's one of the biggest, not just boxing stars in Britain, sport stars in Britain now. The story, everything. So, he's got a long career ahead of him. But I also understand the British public and I know they're going to want to see number two. Thanks for your time.