Kind: captions Language: en Do you know what a bolo punch is, Blackie Ch? &gt;&gt; I've heard of it. &gt;&gt; I've heard that term, but I I couldn't describe it. &gt;&gt; A bolo punch is a punch, it's so stupid, it just might work. The logic typically is if I'm going to throw an uppercut, it's probably going to be close range, right? So, I have to be close, which means I'm close enough to hit him, which means he's close enough to hit me, which means if I drop this hand down low, that left hook, she's a coming, right? That's all the very basic, boring, vanilla. Uh, you t you got taught your striking by an MMA guy. You know what I mean? Sorry. [laughter] When you're first starting out and you're new, this is fine. This is fine. This is even fine. Those are good uppercuts, but they're not a bolo punch. The bolo punch is a big stupid punch. The further out you whip it around, the faster and more powerfully it will land. It just takes longer to get there. Well, that's a total groove. So, I go like this. And you're gonna I'm telling Yeah. What? Get that left hook. &gt;&gt; Need to try and further quick. &gt;&gt; But I'm further away now. And you see his trepidation. That's kind of how it works. It's kind of like why these still work in the UFC. You have no choice but to deal with this. But we can make it a little tactical. Uh we can do some psychology and do some setup with it. And there's some important footwork. We're going to show you the I'm going to show you the footwork on how to really land this thing. I'm punching Blackie Chan here. Boom. Boom. We're boxing. Maybe you box. You boxing. Okay. Oh, no. We're boxing. We're punching. Hey, baby. We can kick, too. Punching. Punching. Kicking. Whatever. I'm going to go bip. Oh, whoop. And that's when Mikey Chan should if he's in a real fight and he's a real person with his own ideas, he's he's just blocking cuz I've been I've been whacking him this whole time during this demo. But right now, in real time, he'd be what we call coming up for air. He'd be thinking, "Oh, it's my turn to do a thing." Wow. That might be a punch. He's a trained fighter. For him, it should be a punch. Boom. That's what it should be. But very often, more often than than not, especially for beginners, uh, Blackie Chan might just boom, can literally come up for air and just look and see what's going to happen. You'll see that their posture comes up and they look, it's because we've been in tight this whole time doing this and this sucks. And then I stop and he's like, "Oh yeah, my turn." And erroneously a jabron might think he needs his eyes for that. And he needs his eyes on my face or my hands. I don't know what people are coming up to look for. There's nothing for you up there. You think this will never land if if they do what they're supposed to do, which is when you feel this air, you just fire. Boom. Yeah. And don't don't come up and look. That's if he does what he's supposed to do. When you're punching people and kicking people, they tend to do things they're not supposed to do cuz it's stressful and painful. You do it. I do it. You do it. Maddox does it. Everybody does it. So, we're going to capitalize on that. If I relentlessly pound Blackie Chan, that's one of my favorite It's one of my favorite pastimes. If I am constantly, he'll never come up for air and create the opening until he gets smart and counters me or Yeah. ties me up or whatever. So, I have to leave a little space, but not too much. There's a specific rhythm, and the footwork is going to help us do that rhythm. The footwork is actually an error. We're going to commit a technical error on purpose so it's not an error anymore. If you watch that video up there, it's the most common footwork mistakes. It's galloping. Galloping. Yeah. Or the amateur shuffle. I'm not crossing my feet, coach. I'm not crossing my feet. It's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] But it's going to give us the exact right amount of time off of this right hand where we're going to go boom. We're going to happy Gilmore this punch in there. Right. Whack. It's creates tremendous power. And yes, I'm exposed, but I don't think I've ever seen someone that's actually going for a strike like this. Yeah. I I don't think it's sort of like how people view the Superman punch or the gazelle punch. The gazelle punch. Similarly, everyone thinks that right hand is going to catch me out of the sky. And it's just never happened to anyone that does the punch. But it's boom. That rhythm in there is what makes it work. This wouldn't work. THAT'S A GOOD THAT THAT'S A good combo. That is you can double up the right hand. But we want to create the space cuz I want to create an opening. I have to do that. Uh either I can physically create the opening. Boom. Boom. I'm trying to mentally create the opening. I'm trying to It's a bit of a psychic attack. Boom. Come up for air. Whack. That's what we're looking for. All right. Full speed. I need right foot come up, left foot come up, right foot go down, left foot come down. As far as like the timing of when you throw the punch, is that just whatever feels natural for you or is there like a point in the gall where you're like this is when I'm &gt;&gt; It makes It'll make sense. I'm glad you asked that. Let's do this. I'll [snorts] show you how to do it on pads. You could do it fast or slow, but the pacing, if you're asking like the &gt;&gt; what's the space between? It's one continuous flowy motion. Boom. Dot dot boom. All right. Good pad can do it in reverse. Boom. Boom. Good. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Don't rush it. Don't rush it cuz you feel that that I'm glad I'm glad it happened. We're leaving it in, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; No, you'll look foolish. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's fine. But they need to know that you'll feel the urge to rush. Sort of like when we first learned to double up our left hook. You know, we don't want to go boom, reload, boom. You want to But it doesn't have anything on it. The rhythm's not right. We want the space in there to give them room to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. Now, if you're facing some sort of Tasmanian devil who has had your number all night, maybe don't do this. This is about when you can secure the finish, which is a thing that not a lot of striking programs talk about. That's a thing that can happen in striking, too. And this would be considered a finisher, like the gazelle punch. Boom. Yep. And you can we can go super duper slow. We won't stop moving, though. Don't stop right there. Yeah. Go. you you're playing from the outset. This is theory state, which means I'm going to throw this punch and I already intend to throw the next punch. You don't wait and see. You can We'll cover that, too. Boom. Boom. That's the rhythm. And you can speed it up or slow it down. Let's go a little faster. Boom. Boom. Wonderful. Full speed. Yeah. Yeah. See how much juice comes into that punch? You could throw your two. Boom. And then from that false lead. Now I keep that false lead out there a little bit. You throw your two. Boom. And kind of see what's happening. Then bang. Yeah, you can do that too. So you can hang it. Let's hang it a pause. Bang. Right. Depending on their reaction. And this is information you'll know because you've been observing them and you've been testing them and you've been probing them. If you don't know how to do that, we have ice breakers. The course with where we work the jab. He should have been working his jab. He should have been working that. Yeah. working that thing all day long and then he knows that when that right hand comes maybe my reaction is this and then he can boom bang like that. He'll have that information but watch the feet. &gt;&gt; It's not the worst that they've looked. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's the bolo punch or that's what we call the bolo punch. It's not different than this one here which should not work right. That shouldn't This shouldn't do anything. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it shouldn't. &gt;&gt; Hey, look over there. &gt;&gt; THAT'S NOT A THAT'S NOT A PUNCH. So why when Canelo does this does the dummy go like that and get hit? Why when I go like this and I go you you should be retreating or c or countering me. Yeah, you should be like not scared at all about this. But there's something about that rhythm and you can add uh we're pretty deep into the video. We're probably about getting close to 8 minutes and 47 seconds into this thing. So, uh, we're gonna, um, talk about how to add some power to it. And it's a little bit of a whip, right? We go boom, whip, whip that head, right? Right. That whole body goes into it. Look at you do I'll do a little Right. It's a little bit of that. Go slow. Add the whip. Boom. Oh jeez. Go slow. Good lord. &gt;&gt; Let's hug this. Whip slow. &gt;&gt; Whip. Whip it slow. Whip it real slow. Yeah. Got to get Got to get it loose. Solid [laughter] hips. Solid hips. Get Yeah. Loose. All right. Yeah. And since we're pretty balanced and we don't have a defense in place, you need to really be all in cracking them with this thing just so they know, just so they know next time we come around, they better have their their ducks in a row. But the the power for [snorts] this thing comes from the footwork. I'm pushing, pushing, whipping, and I'm even doing my head a little bit around town like that. All right, so we go check this out. Advanced bag work. All right. Advanced bag work, baby. They don't know about this. Right here, she's screaming. Boom. That's all. That's what it takes. There's no defense. This is all gas. No brakes. &gt;&gt; [music]