Kind: captions Language: en I have hurt people with flashlights a bunch of times, maybe even a hundred times. I've shined a flashlight in their eyes to blind them. I've hit them with flashlights. I've shined a flashlight in their eyes and then hit them with something else. I've thrown flashlights at people. I've used flashlights to apply uh pressure to pressure points, but really just a but I don't do violence professionally anymore. And my taste in flashlights and my needs in a flashlight, even when I'm considering self-defense, have changed. and and the the Ark Pro might be my new everyday carry. Now, Oite did sponsor this video. They sent the Ark Pro for my review. And you might, if you're paying attention, you might be like, "Mike, you've not done a OITE sponsored video in a long, long time. And that's not because they quit asking. It's because I pretty much covered what I wanted to cover. I'd explained what was useful in a flashlight. I'd explained different ways to use a flashlight in self-defense. But this flashlight is different than anything else that I've ever recommended. And I haven't been compelled in a long time, but when they sent me this one, I was compelled. It does not have a tail switch, which uh at first I was put off by. I will discuss the differences in striking with it. I will discuss using it in conjunction with a handgun. Some of the myths that you might think like, oh, have you ever heard you're supposed to hold your flashlight over here so that they don't shoot at the flashlight and hit you? That's uh by the way. That's not not That's stupid. That's not That's not a real thing. So, I'm gonna provide some real content, but it was a sponsored video, and I'd be remiss if I didn't share the features. Luckily, they made the features exactly how they should be. It does so much, and it works exactly the way it should. It's got a spotlight with multiple brightnesses, and you hold it down to cycle through them. You switch over to the flood light, you hold it down to cycle through them. And here's how it should work. If I want it on, we'll say medium. When I turn it off, when I turn it back on, it's medium. The laser has its own separate button, but it'll work in conjunction with the light, but if you turn the light off, it all goes away. Uh, the laser is not something I've ever carried before, but I, as a dad, I find myself pointing things out a lot now. And rather than like grab my kid by the head and be like, "It's right there. It's right there. Don't you see it?" And try to aim their eyes down my arm like a rifle, I could just whip out the laser pointer and just point it out to them, be like, "Right there, honey." But check this out. If I hold the button down while it's off, I get this moonlight mode. I get the the most little bittiest of light. And this is important if you don't want to give away your position. Oh We about to find some evidence up in here, baby. Just kidding. I am not going to I'm not going to UV light around my house. Don't shine it in the corners of your bedroom. Don't shine it anywhere in your bedroom. But definitely definitely definitely don't shine it in your wife's ear. And don't let her look at you with it. All right? Trust me. Don't use the UV light around anything that you love. I mentioned light discipline earlier. What I'm doing now is uh just a little trick I picked up when I just want to kind of see in a room, especially if it has a white ceiling. You could just shine a flood light on the ceiling and then sort of look around without blinding yourself. Because if you are using it like this and then you shine it on something that's very reflective, it can actually interfere with your own night vision. Now, there's the downside that this like gives away your position, but you have to use the appropriate techniques at the appropriate time. If you want to blind somebody, I leave this jammy on spotlight so that I can double click that thing to turbo and then even Yeah, that's that's plenty. The double click getting you the turbo is how it should work. That way it doesn't matter how you have it set up. I like to leave mine on low for task appropriate lighting so I don't blind myself looking for things. And then if I need to blind a bad guy and use it on a bad guy, double click to get that turbo mode. I like that. I like the way that's set up. Now about blinding a bad guy. I will go ahead and get this out of the way cuz a lot of people take issue when I say that this is Like I've seen this taught. It was in the manual at one point. I don't know if it's still in there. This is for a couple of reasons. One, it's like, oh, cuz the bad guy's going to shoot over here and then he won't hit you. You are giving the bad guys margin of error on his shots a lot of credit. Like he he's if he's shooting at this, he's probably still hitting you. If he was shooting at this, he's probably missing cuz bad guys suck at shooting, especially with lights in their eyes. But maybe you can't get down with that. Let me explain to you how gunfights really happen. They're fast and they're gross motor skill intensive. When you're using gross motor skills, if you are disconnected like this, you're not strong. You're not stable. This is not good mechanics. This is not good body mechanics for fighting, any kind of fighting. It's much more preferable to bring your arms together in some format when you're using a light with a thumb switch. I've seen this taught a lot, right? These techniques have names. I never liked this. Again, I feel like I'm pulling here and it doesn't feel good. In fact, the times where I've used a handheld light with a pistol, I usually used it like this and I was point shooting anyway because we're in the dark and it's close. That's how this stuff is done. But since we're talking about body mechanics, this type of activation is actually a little bit better in my opinion for using with a handgun. Because when you use it in conjunction with a handgun, you're pointing more at the target, which is a good thing. In a good firing grip, you want your thumbs and everything. The more stuff you have pointed at the target, the better. We're using this to engage muscles that we would use in a proper firing grip. I don't care that it's like in my like shoot like it's fine. It's fine if they shoot at the light. I am shooting at them and they can't see. And all the times that I was shot at both for real and in force on force, I never I never cared about that. Which we'll go ahead and do another thing. If you triple click this thing, you do get a strobe which is at most useful for signaling. It's not a tactical thing. The tactical strobe is a myth. It's I've covered it. Uh they're like, "Oh, this is very disorienting for the bad guy." You know what else is disorienting for the bad guy? That that's very disorienting for the bad guy. And while I'm doing it, I don't feel like I'm playing House of the Dead. I just want to blind him. I don't want to confuse myself, too. But if we're not talking about shooting people, we are talking about hitting them. And this this works well for that. Obviously, if you have a thumb switch, the the thing that makes the most sense is to strike them with a hammer fist this way, or if you have it in your rear hand, strike them with a hammer fist that way. That's real. That's cool. That's great. But the delivery system for those strikes is still and always will be boxing. Your boxing skills and your clinch fighting skills to some degree are going to be the skills that carry the strike to the bad guy. Like if you don't know how to fist fight and then you put a flashlight in your hand, you're not going to be much better with that. Now, while you can still hammer fist somebody with this light, if you are holding it like this at the time that you decide you need to strike, you do have to know a little something. Mechanically, you can still make a very strong strike. You're going to hit like that with like a corkcrewing motion, much like a jab. And you don't need to necessarily jab this thing straight in. You don't have to do that. If you hit him with the corner of this, that is a fine strike. Grip it tight. Turn it over and snap that jab out. And you might hit him here. You might hit him here. You might hit him here. Who cares? You're throwing a hard piece of metal backed up by a good hard fist with a good fundamentally strong jab behind it. this will still hurt them pretty bad. Maybe those tips are helpful. Maybe you think this light is cool. I'll put a link down in the description below. Some more of the boring stuff. Uh it's I've gotten it through security at a couple of schools and a couple different places. No big deal. I get it through the same way I get my lights through normally, which I won't I won't cover. But this is called Phantom Squadron. And it is It just looks so good. This is This is like knurling. This is textured. This is not really. It's just Man, this thing just looks so good. And it's got the the double-sided pocket clip, which I've never personally done this, but supposedly the the pocket clip going the other way, so you can do like this with it. I've never done that, but I have done this if I'm like looking in my toolbox or something. I have done that with it, which is that's pretty useful. And if you don't want to use O Light's proprietary charging, that's cool, cuz this one also has a USBC port. That's the Arc Pro. Beautiful, functional, and some people would take issue with me recommending something based on the way it looks. But look at it. And it's also come in handy a bunch of times, though I'm much more likely to need it to find my keys than I am going to need it to fight off a mugger. It can do both of those things. There's a link down in the description below if you want to go check it out. And if you want more fitness tips, self-defense techniques, gear reviews, as well as concepts and principles that make you hard to hurt, subscribe, turn on notifications, [Music]