Kind: captions Language: en Y'all talking crap about me about being late. I see. I understand. It's hard. We are live. This is the Icy Mike imperfect podcast and I am Icy Mike. That sounds so pretentious when I do that. I think I need to come up with a different way to start that. We are live on the icy bike and perfect pocket. Anyway, I don't know if you guys saw today's post, but I want to talk about something in particular today. I'm going to take some callers here in a little bit, but um there's something that I think is a shared experience that a lot of us have been through and that is being a nerd or being a dork or being an outcast or being counterculture or anything. And it's gotten better. It's not so bad now. Nerds kind of run things now. You know, the best movies are Marvel movies. You know, like comic book licensed movies are like the best greatest movies and they're exactly what a lot of us want. That's kind of crazy. Mixed martial arts has put, you know, martial arts on the map, but there's there's still sort of like jocks and gym bro mentality there. And there's some of us that are kind of nerdier, but not quite as nerdy as others. And there's so there's still like pockets where you can be not part of the in crowd, whatever that means. And I want to talk to you if you're a kid or I and I've apparently I found out that a lot of kids and a lot of teenagers follow this channel, which I have mixed feelings about. I mean, there's worse stuff that they could be watching. I think that their parents should be aware of what they're watching and approve of it. But I think that this will also apply if you're an adult. I think that this is important. I think a lot of us I think a lot of the people that ended up watching this channel all kind of went through something similar. Martial arts wasn't always cool. Martial arts wasn't always in. And now like I mean well I mean taekwond do still isn't cool but you know karate still sucks. Kung fu still for nerds you know but you know to a degree martial arts is cool. Um the internet internet lifestyle like I was always more comfortable on the internet than in person making friends and meeting people and that's cool now too. Um, but I want to talk about more than just martial arts, but I think that's a good I always think martial arts I always come back to this. Martial arts is a good snapshot of kind of like what being a human is like. I think fighting relates to a lot of things. I think learning is a big important part of it and that it it's this is going to be bigger than martial arts. I think for a lot of people I was a loser. I did everything wrong. I'm going to tell you everything I did wrong, all the things I screwed up, why I started taking martial arts, how I used to get beat up all the time, how I had bad grades and my teachers hated me, how I went from being a gifted and talented talented student that the teachers love to being like a guy who had to take uh I think I took algebra three times maybe. um talk about how I got dropped on my head in the locker room and how I got beat to a pulp uh under a tree in middle school and talk about how all those things I'm going to talk about all the things I did wrong growing up and hopefully be able to help somebody or hopefully maybe someone can relate to this. But this podcast is brought to you by uh Allin Fitness and CrossFit. All in fitness in Grenada, Mississippi. They ask that in lie of, you know, if you're not in Grenada, if you're in Grenada, Mississippi, go there and work out. But if you're not, they ask that you would donate to St. Jude's Children's Hospital. There's a link in the description below if you want to do that. But let's talk about me at 11. What was I at like at 11? Well, I wore terrible clothes and I was awkward around people and I thought it was funny. I would make fun of myself, but I would also make fun of other people. And I was I would make fun of people that I didn't know very well. You know, I like to tease and joke. And that's how I thought that you were supposed to make friends. That's how I always have thought that you're supposed to make friends. And I I still haven't got the memo that that's not really the best way to make friends. Well, I talked too much, believe it or not. I talked [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] all the time. I thought it was funny. I would my the problem with me talking [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is I would say things that people were genuinely insecure about. Like I wouldn't make fun of something like, you know, that didn't matter to anyone. I would make fun of things that mattered to you. I would make fun of things about myself that mattered to me. But I would get beat up all the time. I got in fights all the time in middle school. Constantly getting in fights. Constantly getting I would get picked on. I would talk crap back or I would start talking [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and they'd get mad and they'd beat me up. I was getting my ass kicked pretty regularly. Now also I wasn't always so huge. I wasn't always this big guy. I used to be a tiny guy and I would get beat up and my mom and back then when you got in fights in school, kids, you can't fight in school anymore. They don't care. They're not trying to figure out who's right and who's wrong. When I used to get in fights in school, you just got 30 minutes attention. You could have like a you could have like give somebody a bloody nose and you got 30 minutes attention. That's not how it is anymore. But my mom got pissed. Not because I was getting in trouble or because I was getting in fights. She was mad that I was getting my ass kicked and getting detention. And she said, "If you're going to get your ass kicked, you're not going to get detention anymore." And uh she signed me up. She wanted to sign me up for karate. Um and she didn't know anything about anything. And we ended up at a cookulan school. Now Kulwan. Oh no. Why is it always something? Let's see. Now Kulwan. Some people call that Korean karate. Kulwan is a whole lot of everything which makes it end up being nothing. Kulwan is jack of all trades. It's not even a jack of all trades, master of none. It's a like an attempt at all trades and not even passingly competent at any. So, she signed me up for martial arts and now here I am at Cookong class and I'm going several nights a week and I'm pretty good at it. Um, now I was a little egoomaniac. I was always really, this is this is going to sound like I was always really smart. School was easy. I didn't have to study. I didn't have to pay attention. I made hundreds on every test, every quiz, every spelling bee. I've never been beaten in a game of Scrabble, you know? Like, I just School was always super easy. So, I guess I had too much mental energy to spend on picking on people and messing with people and talking [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and thinking of funny things to say that really would piss people off and they beat me up. So, my mom puts me in Cookuan so I can now defend myself. If I'm going to get detention, at least I won't get my ass kicked. Well, I really liked it. It was like the first thing I I never played sports. My mom couldn't take me to sports uh when I was younger than that because we didn't have a car. We didn't have like a way around. It wasn't until I got a little bit older and she married my dad that my my stepdad that we were able to like do stuff like this. So, when I was growing up, I didn't do soccer or or te-ball or I didn't do anything like that. So, martial arts was like my first exposure to sports. Turned out I was pretty good at I was I was naturally athletic. I learned very quickly. Uh it's not me bragging. There's video proof of that. Jesse Anamp taught me a kata in like one session and complimented how quickly I learned it. That was always the case with me with martial arts, at least other sports. I could never learn to skate. I never learned how to play how to play the guitar very well. There was other things I couldn't learn, but martial arts I always learned very well. Well, I ended up never getting in a fight again in middle school. But high school came and things started changing. I started caring less about school. It wasn't like I was doing anything else. I didn't start drinking. I didn't start getting into chasing girls or anything. I started playing Doom and Quake. I started playing online games. And martial arts and gaming, I think, go hand in hand because I would say martial arts is like the sport for gamers cuz it's like it's an individual thing. Plays on those fantasies. You know, if you play video games or watch martial arts movies or watch anime or whatever, like just gamers and martial arts, I think are will be forever intertwined. So, uh I don't know what happened, but my grades I wasn't able I I I kind of got put into classes that were too hard for me because I was super lazy. I didn't want to study. I didn't pay attention. I didn't listen to the teachers. I didn't take home my books. I didn't even carry my books to class. I didn't do homework. I went from what I used to what I was doing towards the end of middle school is I would just not do any of the homework and take the zeros and then ace the tests and then pass the class. That was what I was doing. And then in the gifted and talented program, it like the projects we did were like kind of interesting and that you did longer projects. I would do those and I would do well in those classes. I ended up getting put in all these honors classes when I was like a freshman or sophomore in high school and I failed all of them. I had to retake. It was chemistry I took three times, algebra I took twice. I took sex ed twice. Uh I just started bombing in school. I started listening to punk rock and hanging out with kids who were older than me. I dyed my hair green. I was just I was like all over the place. And uh this is going somewhere. I I promise. And maybe maybe some people can relate to this. But um I was just all over the place. And I was in and out of martial arts. I kind of like lost my way in martial arts. But all through high school, I was getting in trouble. I was getting in trouble. I'd talk during class. If I thought I had a joke, I didn't think I I I would blurt out the joke in the middle of the class and the teacher would laugh and the class would laugh. Everyone laugh. If you can get a laugh, you can get away with stuff. That's how I felt. But I was constantly getting in trouble for talking too much, joking too much. When I tried to make friends, I thought like play fighting was um a way to make friends. And I didn't I didn't realize that people didn't really like roughousing all the time. That's all I ever wanted to do was play rough. Um, someone in the chat asked sexed twice. How do you fail at sexed? I'll tell you. We'll get to how I took sexed twice. And taking it the second time around was super interesting. It's a really interesting story, but I'll save it to the end to people that are interested. Um, I started bombing in my grades. I was getting Fs and failing classes and having to retake them. And there were these kids that gave me so many problems. It was a soccer team. I'm going to talk about some specifics. I wonder if they listen. I always imagine this guy listens when I tell the story. There was this guy on the soccer team. His mom was the algebra teacher that failed me. I hated him. I thought he hated me. He used to pick on me all the time. He tried to fight me all the time. He was bigger than me. He'd push me around. When I bleached my hair, he made fun of me for bleaching my hair. And then Eminem came out and the whole soccer team bleached their hair. It was just, he made me miserable. He would always walk up to me and go, "Kaya, kaya." Ah, and that's what he would do. And he would just pick on me all the time and bother me all the time. And his mom failed me and she failed me aggressively. I mean, I failed the class on my own, but I one time I tried to hand in some homework and she told me she wasn't going to take it from me. So, like, f that lady. And her son was always a jerk to me. Um, and made fun of me for doing martial arts, made fun of me for having funny hair, made fun of me for playing video games, made fun of me for wearing Jenkos, you know. Um, anyway, I was a loser. I was an ROC because I didn't want to go to gym because I thought I got all my activity that I needed at martial arts. I took a magic marker and I put nails through it and a screw through it and I made like a morning star, like a mace out of a magic marker and I got a bunch of trouble for that. And then I told this filthy joke in drama class. I was in drama. I told this filthy joke in drama class in front of a substitute and the substitute was the principal's wife and he and she kicked me out of the class and took me out in the hallway and she was crying cuz the joke was so filthy and she said and I don't know how you were raised but if your mother heard you say that joke yada yada I was like lady my mom taught me that joke um and I got suspended for telling that joke. It was just a mess. It was a mess. Everyone told me I needed to go to college. My older brother was going to college. You know, I needed to go to college. All the people that were going to be successful were going to college. I needed to go to college. I need to stop playing around so much. Uh I told my mom I wanted to be in a band and she laughed at me. A really big dwarf asked, "Did I play Dungeons and Dragons?" Yes, I played Dungeons and Dragons. And uh I I want to know so I played for all you nerds. I played Advanced Dungeons and Dragons second edition. That's when I was playing. If you can It's I think it should be easy, but like pop a comment if you can guess my class. You should be able to guess what my class was. See if you can guess anything about my character in the comments. So they told me how to go to college. They told me how to stop talking so much. They told me how to stop making jokes at people's expenses. They told me how to stop dying my hair. And I had to stop dressing weird. And I had to stop making weapons and I had to stop playing in the woods and I needed to be cooler and I needed to like just do all these things, you know, that people are supposed to do. And today I'm riding home from the studio. Joey Central says, "Ew, second edition." Well, Joey, when second edition came out, there was nothing after it. So we didn't like, you know, all of you are wrong so far. Monk, elvin, like I can't I'm mad that y'all are so wrong about this. I feel like it should have been easy. Dwarf is not a class. Were there monks in second edition? No, there was no monks. There was monks in there was monks in the edition before that. It took the monks out actually. I think uh Joey Central says monks didn't exist until fourth edition. That's not correct. Um y'all are you guys are all wrong. Here we go. Now we got some guys I know. I was a rogue. Of course I was a rogue. I was a thief. I was a mean thief and I played that character right. Stole from my party and everything. Passed notes to the dungeon master and stole from my party. Anyway, I was a loser. I was a nerd. I couldn't make friends. I was full of myself and self-absorbed. I talked too much. I was into dumb stuff. And now I'm riding I'm riding home from the studio this morning. I finished work. Here. How about this? Teachers that said I'd never amount to anything. My mom who laughed, now she's supportive of me now, but she laughed at me when I used to tell her tell her these crazy ideas I had. Teachers, bosses I had when I was 16, 17, you know, all you guys. When I was driving home from my job at my business that I own, I was getting off today at 11:30. That's when I got off work today. from my job doing all that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that you told me I had to stop doing. That's my job now. I'm looking over at my at my seat and I'm looking at the the the pe the plastic the polycarbonate swords that I bought for my job. And I gotta go home and I gotta take stock of uh I I knew I had to go home and take stock of my flashlights and I had to count flashlights. You know what I mean? Because I'm super into flashlights, which is a super dorky thing. You know, I knew I had to go home and take care of all my nerdy stuff and I had to take inventory of all my fake weapons and my real weapons and talk to my dorky friends online. I knew how to plan a podcast. And I thought, God, you know what? I make a living doing all the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that they told me to stop doing. Now, don't get me wrong. I'm not rich kids. I'm not saying screw what your teachers have to say and, you know, uh, say whatever you want, disrupt class, don't do your homework, don't go to college. I'm not saying do all that. But what I am saying is that your teachers grew grew up in a different world than you grew up in. the things that were possible, the things that are possible for you were not possible for them. So, it's impossible for them to relate. And I tell you this other thing, kids, I had friends that I loved um towards the end of high school and then in my early 20s. High school was middle school, I had very few friends. I made a couple. High school, I had very few friends until the end. And I only got the friends when I just started just not giving a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about having friends. And then there's people that wanted to be around me, but I was never super popular in high school. Like I like not where this is what it was is I thought I was popular and then you know I realized that all these people that acted like they really liked me all hung out outside of school and I never got invited to any of that. Like they weren't my friends. There's people you think are your friends that are not your friends. That's what I want the kids to know. that some of these people that you think are your friends are not your friends. And the people that you want to be friends with who won't be your friends, none of them matter. Not a single person, and some of them I loved. Some of them at the time I would have died for. Some of my friends in my late teens and early 20s meant the world to me and are still important to me, but none of them impact my life on a day-to-day basis right now in a positive or negative way. I have fun memories, but not a single one of them helps me feed my kids. Not a single one of them helps me with my dreams. Not a single one of them helped me with my business. Not a single one of them uh was here when I was hurt. Not a single one of them was here when my kids were born. You know, I did move away, so it's not all on them. But uh and and now to be clear, I'm not knocking them. I'm not saying that they did something wrong or they weren't good friends. They're great friends. And had I tried real hard, they would have they would have done all those things. What I am saying is that nobody matters if you don't want them to. Right? The people that you think you need and the people that you think you want, if you need your teachers to approve or you need your friends to be to have your back or you need your parents to approve or help or whatever, you don't need any of that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I make a living doing [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that everyone on the planet made fun of me for. I feed my kids doing stuff that got me detention. I pay my mortgage doing stuff that guaranteed I could not get a girlfriend. Everybody told me to stop doing this and stop doing that. And now, right now, at this moment, I make a living doing all of it and love it and have met some of the coolest people. And now I have the greatest family. And the friends I do have are the best. The friends that I did have in high school, I still love, I still care about. But the people that I thought were my friends or that I wanted to be friends with or that were fun to hang out with, none of them matter in any measurable way. It sounds callous. It sounds a little a little dark, but understand that I'm you you are going to do bigger things than what you're doing right now. You're going to do bigger, better, more important things. your dreams, the dumb [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that no one really gets. Maybe you want to start a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You want to make frozen yogurt that's like flavored like hot dogs and hamburgers or whatever and and sell it out of a off of off of a a Vespa scooter, you know, or whatever crazy cockamame business plan you have. Or maybe you want to start a band that does like, you know, metal core covers of late '9s pop music, you know, like whatever your crazy idea is that you don't feel like there's anyone that gets and that it's that's not a real thing. I can't make a living. I can't make a living talking into a microphone on the internet about some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm crazy about because I don't I don't know a single person that's as crazy about martial arts, self-defense, fitness, and YouTube and fighting and comedy and double antandras. I c I couldn't I can't think of five people that love that stuff as much as I have in the real world. But look at here. We got 194 strong who are all into that stuff right now. I got 213,000 people that click the button because they're into that stuff. I get to make a living, not get rich, but I do feed my kids and pay my mortgage. Doing things I think is fun. Talking about stuff I think is cool. Meeting people that are into the same stuff and just learning and playing and having fun. I want you to understand that that dumb [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is amazing [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to someone else. That [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that your mom thinks is dumb or your friends think is dumb or your wife thinks is dumb. Kristen was always supportive, but there were moments where she was like, "Come on, dude. Really? Come on. Like how long how how many weeks are you going to put in 40 hours for zero dollars? How how long are you going to do that? But she was about the only person that saw from the beginning that when I said I was going to do something, I would do it. My mom gets it now. The only time the only time she missed was that band. I said, "I wanted to start a band." And she said, cuz she's like, "Dude, you don't play an instrument. You don't play an instrument and you have no musical talent." Guess what? I ended up starting a band. I didn't start a band. I ended up joining a band that tooured up and down the East Coast and I opened for all my favorite bands and we sold thousands of CDs. Haha, mom. After that, she believed everything I told her when I told her I was going to do something. Um, I want you to temper this though with if if they told me that Maddox was at school talking while the teacher is talking, I'd tell that little dude to shut up and that he better be respectful. I'd tell him he needs to not draw attention to himself when he's at an assembly. Even if it's a really funny joke, I would tell him that because that's my job is to tell him that. Just like just like a dog chases cats and the cops chase robbers, you know, just like those things. That's my job as dad to tell him that. But, you know, I sort of think it's kind of funny and kind of cool when my kids do some whack [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You know, kind of proud of them. Like when you take a dump that clogs the toilet and you're like, "Oh, toilet's clogged." But my turd did that. You know, you're kind of proud of it. It's kind of like that. Um, you're going to you're going to find your way. There's a lot of you guys that follow me that also do social media. It's still there. It's still viable. I I don't I'm not saying all of you can get rich doing it, but all of you can get to where this endeavor breaks even. Every single one of you can get to where your martial arts or your fitness or your social media or if you do makeup or if you whatever you like to do or talk about, all of you can get to the point where you can do that thing and that hobby can at least support itself. you can at least break even selling necklaces that you make or teaching boxing in the park. You can all get compensated for your time. And then if you get really good at that, you can do even more. I make a full-time living on martial arts and fitness. That's all I do is martial arts and fitness. That's it. And this I don't get I don't get paid for the podcast. I just And it's it's hard to I say I don't get paid for the podcast. hard because everything I do is sort of tied together. So even some things I do that I don't technically get paid for, you know, it still it still contributes. I make a full-time living doing martial arts and fitness. I know people that know more than me and have more experience than me that cut grass or work at bars or whatever. And I'm not knocking that. I'm not saying that that's beneath me or that they're lesser. I'm saying that they could be doing martial arts and fitness full-time if they wanted to. But they don't they don't they're not willing to be that weird, you know? They're weird dudes, too, but they're not willing to be that weird. They're not trying to find a way to pursue their passion full-time. They're just not into it. They'd like that security of punching that clock. Maybe they went to college. Maybe they work for their dad. Maybe they do something and maybe they love it, but chances are they don't. Chances are they think it would be much cooler to go to work in sneakers and sweatpants. Talk about karate. You can do all that. I believe in you. I really believe in you. I really do that. That's not lip service. That's not, you know, some like I'm a motivational speaker type dude. I'm not a motiv. I'm not like a demotivational speaker. I'm the worst with my clients when they're like and I'm like, "Hey, you need to do this." And they're like, "But I don't want to do that." I'm like, "All right, then be fat forever. I don't care. But that's what you need to do if you don't want to be fat forever. But you can do this." And when I say this, I mean whatever you want. 2020 is crazy. 2020 and beyond is crazy. You can make a living pursuing any sort of dream. The internet has removed all the gatekeepers. If you want to be a rock star, you can be a freaking rockstar right now if you're good. And even if you're not, if you're funny, if you play crappy music, but you're funny, you know? Or if you play crappy music and you're not funny, but you look great, you know? You just have to have like one thing that makes you different. Playing crappy music and you're kind of funny and you're you're also really hot. You can make a living doing that. You got six toes. You can make a living selling pictures of your six toes. You know, the internet is a crazy place. The generation that might be telling you that what you're doing is dumb and can't be a job and can't be your life. It wasn't possible for them. They didn't have any way of knowing that that's true. And the same was true for them. Their parents told them everything that they did was dumb. Their teachers told them that they would never amount to anything if they didn't do XYZ. They didn't follow the formula. I didn't follow the formula. I need to I need to continually temper this so that it doesn't sound like I'm saying f your parents, f school, yada yada. If you want to be a doctor or a lawyer, you need to go to college. I don't think we're going to any time close to like you challenging the bar exam. Can you do that? Maybe you can already do that. I don't know. But you can pursue your passion and your dream, even if it's crazy. I'm ready to take any callers. I'd especially love to hear any young people, any young people who are struggling with this sort of thing. Um, let's bring on Joe. Joe, you are live on the Icy Mike and Perfect podcast. What's up, man? Joe, are you there? there. Hello. My earbuds are probably screwed up. Yeah, it sounds like it sounds like No, we're echoing. Yeah, my earbuds are screwed up. I'm so sorry about that, Mike. Oh, man. All right, so Joe, if you get that sorted out, I would love to I'd love to hear from you. And when I say I'd love to hear a young person, yeah, if you're in your early 20s or whatever, you're probably going through this stuff, too, because the the age where we have to get our [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] together keeps getting pushed back because everyone keeps thinking that you're supposed to have your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] together. And guess what? I didn't get my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] together till I was like 34 and I'm 39. So, I just got it together. And every five years, I look back and realize that I didn't really know what the hell I was doing. So, that's going to keep continually happening to you. What's up, Rody? Rody Bull, are you there? Dude, we are swinging and missing tonight with the callers. Hope it's not me. Hello. Hello, Rody Bull. What's up? Can you hear me? Yeah, I can hear you. Oh, the headphone wasn't plugged in all the way. You guys are blowing. Oh, I'm sorry, man. I'm taking my dogs for a walk. I didn't even really mean to call you. I hit the wrong button. It started ringing on me and then you said Rody and I looked at the phone and wondering what the hell's going on. Well, you're the one. Well, you've crashed my podcast. Yeah, I probably am. And now you need to say something important and and smart. Go. Well, okay. Um, I guess I listened to your podcast cuz about what 2 weeks ago you were talking about getting fired. I got fired that day. The money was all funny at work and I called the owner and I got written up for calling the owner and I refused to sign that. And I've been wondering what I'm going to do with myself. And you I mean I don't know, man. It just seems like we have a very similar story. I've studied martial arts since I was young. I was always in trouble. I was smart but didn't want to do the work because it bored the hell out of me. U for the longest time I worked for myself and for the first time in forever I'm working for people and I don't really like it very much. Well, I want to be I want to be clear because it sounds like I'm kind of knocking the the status quo and I'm saying don't work for anybody and I'm so cool because I work for myself. There's nothing wrong with working for other people. There's something wrong with working for other people when you don't want to do that and you possess the the passion and skills to do something different. That's what I'm Can you be still, dude? I know you called by mistake, but can you just stand still for like 5 seconds and let's say something important? Um Oh, dude. I'm sorry. Uh I'm losing son and I already got the dogs in the truck. Dogs in the truck. Dog. Dogs in the truck. Rody Bull got his dogs in the truck. Well, so so you don't want to work for yourself. Be still. Stop moving. Stop moving, Rody. Stop moving. Stop moving right now. Nope. Don't do that. Oh my god. You ever talk to somebody on the phone, they just won't stop moving? Just stop moving. It's cuz when people I'm still. I promise I'm still. First of all, I won't even start the truck. Great idea. Stop touching your keys. Stop touching stuff. We can hear all of it. Yes. It's terrible. There. There we go. That's cuz you're the one. Oh my god. Ro, listen, dude. What is your passion? What are you super passionate about? You're so excited about you're moving. You're doing stuff again. You can't stop. You can't stop. I guess the only two things I love I ran an independent pot farm for a very long time. Okay. Yeah, I know. No, I know. I know, I know. And I really do like working with uh sick people and I I like giving them medicine. The only other thing I have any skill in our intelligence in is martial arts and fitness, which is probably why I follow you. Uh but there are 25,000 people in this town. I've gone broke trying to work fitness in this town for two years now. Yeah. But have you tried have you tried combining your two passions into one thing? was called double niching. I have I have looked into the laws very carefully with some sort of social media push and uh something like my cancer cookies. Um I've I've thought about it, but I'll be honest, I'm scared to death to put a marijuana business online, but it seems to be the only way forward. So marijuana is And we're not going to get into all the the discussion, all that stuff. That's way beyond my scope. But is there who is the expert? Who's the expert on how what training while you're uh using uh marijuana is like? Who's the expert on fitness while high? Who's the expert on that? I I'm pretty expert at it. Yeah. Okay. Okay. I know a lot of people who do exactly that. Okay. All right. So, wait. Stay with me. Stay with me. Leave the keys alone. Don't look Don't look out the window. You might see something that'll distract you. So, are there any industry leaders, experts, people that you follow that are like the guy for that? No. I mean, that's honestly a hole in the fitness market. There aren't any stoner fitness. So, uh going on. So, I guess that concludes this conversation because you know what my next the next thing is. You know, don't quit your day job. Don't quit your day job. But you're now that guy. If you're super passionate about it, that could be a multi-million dollar thing and you don't even know it. There's no one doing it. Fill that hole. I'm I'm not going to argue with that. Yeah. Whether it's even if it's just an Instagram account or a YouTube channel or a podcast. It doesn't have to be a brick-andmortar store with overhead. Become the expert. Start a start a t-shirt brand that's like people that do karate while they're high. You know what I mean? I don't know. I don't know anything about it. You know what I mean? You're the expert. You're the expert now. You're the man now, dog. Yeah. Yeah. I guess. I guess. Oh, but keep working your day job and just use it. Use it to to fuel the uh fuel the jet as they said in Transformers. Dude, I got to find another day job. I'm getting so sick of this. Hey, do you get paid by the hour? Uh, right now. Yeah, they're just crappy jobs I'm working cuz I'm trying to stabilize after losing the farm. So, if you get paid by the hour, separate yourself from caring very much whether you like anything that's happening or not and just ride the clock while you work on some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that you do care about. Yes, there we go. It's been a long time since I've had to do that, but yeah, that's pretty much the path. Yeah. Well, I'm sure you could find a way to help pass the time and make the time seem more bearable. I'll talk to you later, Rodybt. Yeah. Sorry for interrupting your podcast, man. Um, I was running. Have a good day. Bye. Oh man. Let's try Joe again. Joe, how are you? Dude, I'm losing faith in you people. Joe, are you there? No, I am there, but you're me. No. Yeah, you can't do that. You can't call in and not be on headphones. Let's bring in patient zero. What's up, man? Hey, what's up, Icy Mike? How you feeling? I was just real gross and disgusting, but Wait, wait, say that again. Start. I was more gross and disgusting, but that would like get people not to want to have like you had poor hygiene. No, no, no, no, no. Not that. more like um uh I went to a school with a lot of people who cared about their Jordans. For example, we had like a midsize high school and only freshman to senior played football. Uhhuh. So, I had that kind of school. Yeah. And you were disgusting like your personality or your body or your clothes or what? Like what was disgusting about you? Oh man, did I lose him? Oh man, I'm having connection issues. I'm having connection issues. Let's try somebody else. Mars bars. Mars bars, you are live. Hello. Uh, hey, do you hear me? Yeah, I can hear you. What's up, man? Oh, yeah. I was uh sort of like explaining like um Oh, is that you? That's you, Patient Z. Okay. All right. What's up? Yeah. You were disgusting. Explain to me how you were disgusting. Like crude. Like uh Oh, like you would say disgusting things. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Like poop and fart jokes and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that, right? Um and when you're in the and everyone around you is like, "Oh my god, that guy is so disgusting." But people will line up around the block to buy movie tickets to see a movie about like uh turds and wieners, you know what I mean? Like they'll they'll pay they'll pay to see a comedy show about a guy saying the same kind of stuff you would say, but because they you're saying it in class or in in whatever, you're gross. Yeah. But it's also really weird because in grade school, I was the nerd. in grade school like it was uh I would get in a fight every other day because kids thought I was soft or get beat up. I would get I remember moving into my one grade school I got punched in the back of the head I don't know how many times. Yeah. just just because um but yeah, it's sort of like it is alienating um and confusing I would guess even now with the internet because like a lot of times nerds I realize nerds sort of like ostracize other nerds and push each other away like hey you're not as nerdy as I am. Well, you know what I think, man? So when you say that you were kind of like picked on and you were like not that cool and so your way of coping was to just be gross and nasty, I I liken it to when people they don't feel good about themselves so they make themselves like physically like more like I want to say I don't want to say ugly but like say if they're not happy with themselves and they do like crazy like I had a mohawk and people that get and now some people get a mohawk and nose rings and tattoo their face and they look cool but some people I think do it because they're like well I don't like the way I Look, so I'll just go the opposite way. It's like, well, if no one likes me, then I'll just talk about everyone's buttholes. You know what I mean? Like, yeah, that was definitely me. So, when I felt like no one liked me and I couldn't I couldn't make friends, I I got super like aggressive and mean and made fun of people. Like, I talked crap and talked [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to people all the time. Yep. Because I'm like, I have to learn how to fight. Yeah. If you're not going to like me, I'm going to pretend that it's because it's my choice, you know? For sure. So yeah. So I feel that. So how so what's the story with you now though? Oh yeah. Uh I ended up going to college. Um and once I went to college and I was like studying what I wanted to study and doing everything I wanted to do and actually not having to be around the same people for six hours a day, you know? Right. Doing stuff that you chose to do, not stuff that you had to do. Exactly. It it becomes a lot easier. I got best friends that I'll probably spend the rest of my life with. Like five or six really, really, really good friends. And how old are you? I'm only 26. Okay. Yeah. But um it's it's uh it's really interesting to bring up this concept, the whole thing where like you you grow up and you don't have friends cuz also another thing about not having friends is if you focus on yourself, you start gaining all these skills. Like I'm the guy that I'm the guy that uh you talked to over the Instagram that like I remember you. Yeah, I remember who you are. Yeah. Kept talking about Manny Pacquiao. Yeah. But yeah. Yeah, you do look like Manny Pacquiao. Nah. Everyone said that you look like Manny Pacquiao. That must be a southern thing, bro. No, your Maybe it's just your profile picture looks like Manny Pacquiao, probably. But but yeah, I appreciate you speaking up for people like that, especially like I saw the first half of your um your podcast and you're talking to little kids and teenagers who feel ostracized by their peers, you know. Yeah. And I wish so I thought of like what would I have liked to hear when I was 14 and 15 and like not feeling like what anyone was telling me was the right thing. Like everybody's telling you the same [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] when you're that age. Everybody's telling you and they and it happens again. Some people are asking, "Is he just want to talk to young people?" No, dude. It happens to us in our 20s. It happens to us in our 30s. And it'll happen to you over and over again where the world will tell you, "No, you can't just like do spin kicks in the garage with your three dorky friends until you're 45. Dude, you got to like you got to go to college, get a job, get a wife, have 2.5 kids or whatever. Um, it's going to keep happening to you. What I wish 14year-old me would have heard from 26-y old me and I wish 26y old me would have heard from 39y old me and I wish we'd have gone back in time and told each guy, "Hey dude, I said I was going to tell us tell everyone everything I did wrong." And it had nothing to do with failing classes or being mean to people or picking on people or getting in fights. None of that was wrong. The thing I did wrong was not doing all that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] harder. I should have went harder. You know what? You should have been more gross and more disgusting and come out the other side and become so funny and so well known for that that you ended up with a stand-up comedy career as a gross out comedian, you know. Yeah. I actually used to do standup, but uh it's not my place. See how good I am? No. See, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that. What did I just say? See how good I am? I'm telling you. All right. I wish younger me would have I heard from older me, hey, the thing you're doing wrong is not going all the way in on these things that people are telling you to stop doing. But let me grab some other callers, man. It was good to hear from you. Oh, yeah. For sure. You take care later. Hey, I see Mike. What's up? Yeah, you remember me, the 40-year-old. Yeah, you sound like you're 40, but you're not. Yeah, I know. I know. I'm just How old are you, man? 13? I told you before. Oh, well, I can't. You must not have made a good impression on me. Yeah, well, I didn't remember your birthday. I'm sorry. There you go. Hey, if if you if you hear any ringing sounds or notification sounds, I'm sorry. I was just in a It's easy. You're doing good so far, man. All right, man. I'm I'm trying not to stutter here. So, so I had a question. Uh, how do you feel about the uh gyms opening up? Um, uh, so without getting too um, uh, political or anything and Yeah. Yeah. Without getting because people feel strongly about it either way. Yeah. Um, let me I need to address a comment though. Uh, clone doctor says um, Mike, can you do some talking? Your audience is not very entertaining. And I think he's alluding to the fact that I tend to let my guests talk. I try to let my guests talk. Um, so clone dropper, no or clone doctor, excuse me, no, I'm going to let them talk. If that means 60 people watch the If 60 people watch the podcast with the guest talking, that's better to me than 200 people watching it with me talking over them. The whole point of me doing this is so that people can be heard. That's the point of it. So, no, I'm going to let them talk. Um, to answer your question, it's a little off topic though. It was a little off topic as far as ours, but to answer your question, this is how I feel. I And I guess I can I can see I'm really good. I can circle this back and make it on topic. I think people should do what they want to do. You know, by and large, unless you're hurting other people, I think you should do what you want to do. I get why some people are taking it super serious and they think we should all be cooped up in our house and we're all going to die if we don't do it. I understand why people that I understand people feel that way and I don't begrudge them. Sure, whatever. Feel that way. I understand that some people are like I don't care. I want to do whatever I want to do. I get that. You know what I mean? Um, for us, we are operating, you know, we're living our life. We kind of made that decision. I talk with all my clients. Luckily for me, I'm a small place, you know, we only have like maybe 30 members and clients total, you know, and uh so everyone and not all of them are ready yet. And I'm like, cool, whatever. I'm not charging them anything, but they're still on the client roster. Um, just do what you want. I think just do what you want. Uh, last thing. All right. I can relate to your story earlier on the podcast. Back on topic now. Sorry about that off-topic question. There we go. But uh, yeah, I can completely relate to your story. I actually was kicked out of my school like uh, two grades ago. I'm going into eighth grade now. And uh, you know, I'm I'm gonna I'm gonna go back to my normal school. Well, online, of course. Mh. And uh you know I'm feeling good. What did you get kicked out for? Like like you just just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] around with it, getting into fights, you know, all all that. So one thing I want to be make super clear and I'm glad you said that. Um, by no means this is this can be confusing cuz sometimes you'll hear a success story, which I I knock on wood consider myself a success story of a person who was kind of like a loser and a nerd and got in trouble and didn't do well in school. Um, some people will try to tell you these success stories and think that like, oh, it's okay to that like they're excusing being a loser. Like if you get kicked out of school because you don't fit in and because you won't follow the rules and then you go on and do great things, dude, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] school, you know? But if you get kicked out of school and you're like kind of dumb and you don't have any ambition or any skills, you don't know how to do anything and you don't finish school, then you just end up being a loser. It's cool to get kicked out of school and then make a comeback. It's not cool to get kicked out of school and then just go be a loser. That's not what I'm saying. I'm not trying to make it sound cool to be a loser. I'm saying that school is is not the only route. Parents approval is not the only route. Teacher approval, college, all that stuff is not the only route to not being a loser. But it is also possible that if you if everyone hates you and you can't finish school and you get kicked out and no one wants to be around you, that doesn't mean that you're not a loser. It just means that you're not necessarily a loser. Does that make sense? Yeah, I know I said last thing, but I have a question. Yeah, man. It just came to mind, man. All right. I Is is uh is prize fighting uh a uh what was I looking for? A realistic career choice. Like how how would anyone get into it like you have? I'm not a prize fighter. I've never fought for money. I've never fought for money. Well, you know, street beefs. Yeah. Yeah, I didn't fight for money. Okay, I got it mixed up, man. Sorry. So, here's the thing. That's That's the thing that you don't realize. No, prize fighting is not a real Dude, how many dudes do you know that make Tell me the number of dudes that you can think of that make a good living making money. Now, divide that number by the number of dudes on the planet, and that's your chances of being that dude, right? I make a living because I know how to do like 20 different things related to martial arts and fitness. I am a personal trainer. I can teach group fitness classes. I can teach boxing classes, kickboxing classes. I can make funny videos on the internet. I understand how to do affiliate marketing. I understand how to teach people to do all the things that I do. I do private lessons in fitness, self-defense, boxing, kickboxing. I do uh seminars. I sell merchandise. I uh get paid by companies to do testing and R&amp;D on their products. I get paid by companies through sponsored videos. I have like 20 different ways that I make a living through martial arts and fitness. Just beating people up for a bunch of money is not realistic. If you want to make a living doing stuff you're passionate about, you have to know like 10 different ways to make money off of it. If you want to be a rock star, you have to know how to make cool t-shirts, how to look cool, how to talk on the internet and talk in videos and talk on podcasts. You have to know how to do more than one thing. And now anymore, if you want to make a living doing anything that's sort of weird and out there, you have to know 10 ways to make money off of that thing if you want to make a living at it. Now, if you want it to be a hobby that pays for itself, that's a little more forgiving. But no, prize fighter is like saying, "I want to be a astronaut." You know what I mean? Not saying you can't be an astronaut, but dude, if you told me you want to be an astronaut, I'd be like, "Dude, how about try to freaking uh not get kicked out of school and get through eighth grade before we start talking astronaut." So, if we want to say we're talking prize fighter, it's like, dude, let's talk about like uh making it to boxing class three times a week. You know, start small. You know what I mean? Now, I look like a dumbass. Yeah. Well, we all We all do. That's what I I wish my That's why I said I wish my older self had went back in time and talked to my younger self. I would have told my younger self. Like 25year-old me would have told 13-year-old me. So, me coming back in time to talk to you, I would have said, "Hey, you are a dumbass. Nothing you think is smart or right, right? But neither is what they're saying, right? Do what you want to do, but like, hey, maybe save more money. Hey, maybe don't get kicked all the way out of school. Like, do maybe try to pass this class, but don't necessarily devote your life to it." But if you're not going to devote your life to the class and you're not going to pass class or you're going to kicked out, if you're getting kicked out of school and it's because you're just a an [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that doesn't like listening, that's when you're a loser. But if you're getting kicked out of school because you're super passionate about art and you were like sneaking away to go like learn how to be better at art or like to buy supplies or steal supplies or whatever, you know, and you were like pursuing some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] or you were off learning how to make fried plantains cuz you want to sell fried plantains off the back of a jet ski to tourists in Jamaica, you know what I mean? Whatever. if you were using that time to like hone your craft and do other [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] or become an awesome martial artist so you can be a prize fighter, whatever the hell that is, right? Uh, don't steal. Sensei Seth brings up um a good point. I I'm not saying steal, but I'm saying if you're using that time while you're flunking out of school to do all that cool stuff, that makes you not a loser. But if you're just like, I don't like school. Oh, uh, that's when you're a loser, right? if you don't have a better choice, a better alternative. So, the answer might be, hey, you need to get through school. School is important. I'm not saying school's not important. I'm saying that it's not the end of the world if you don't super enjoy it. And it doesn't make you dumb and it doesn't make you a loser if you don't really, really love it. And if you struggle with it, it doesn't mean you can't be successful. Is that a little more clear? Uh, yeah. Probably not. Well, I'm just Go ahead. Say it. No, just say what you think. That's what I'm saying. Like, say No, you're not. That's the You're not You're No, you're not. You're not an idiot. You're not. You might be. Let me clarify. You might be an idiot, but you're not an idiot because you had trouble getting through school. You'd be an idiot if you had trouble getting through school and you also weren't working on some stuff that you were super passionate about. If you're awesome at fighting and you're awesome at martial arts and you want to be the champion of the world, go for it. I believe you can send me some video of you sparring or you training and I'll tell you what I think, you know. All right. But you want to see me get choked out by a grown man. Well, send that to you, man. No shame in that. You know, you're I'm just kidding. Listen, dude. You got time. You got plenty of time. You got plenty of time and you're not an idiot. Uh, you're not an idiot because you had trouble with school. You might be an idiot. Is that Is that fair? Do you get what I'm saying now? Might. Yeah. You might be an idiot, but you're not an idiot because you had trouble in school. You're not an idiot because you like stuff that no one cares about. You're not an idiot because your parents think that all you care about is like some dumb thing. People become wealthy being super passionate about stuff that their parents thought was dumb. But you also need to like uh figure out exactly how you're going to make that a living and a life. You know, punching people and getting punched is not a job. But if you can figure out other ways, then it'll work. All right, man. All right. Hey, you didn't tell us why you had to retake sexed. Come on. I'm about to give you a million views here. You are not to hurt gives 13year-old sex talk. Come on, let's do Okay, so we're going to bring on Sensei Seth. It's okay. I thought he was still in. I was like, wait, no, no. I had to drop him, man. He was He was trying that little See, he's not an idiot. That proved right there. As like as funny as that was, he's clever. You know what I mean? Mhm. No, he's he's clever and he's up on his game. He just needs to get focused. Yeah, I was going to say it. It sounded like just nobody's been able to give him any practical advice yet. Well, well, because and and you know what? If it was my own son, Mhm. If it was my own son, I would probably like, "Hey, you're an idiot. Do better in school." You know what I mean? Yeah. Um but it's it's hard. It I I can't in good conscience any anymore. And me and Kristen battle this. You know, Kristen is Kristen went went to school and does very well of herself for herself because she worked so hard at school and school did not come naturally to her. Yeah. You know, um but uh to answer the question anyway, what did you want to say, Seth? Did you have something to add? Oh, no. I was just popping in. Oh, good. I'm glad you're here. Yeah, I know. I got all your texts. I got all 30 of your texts where you said, "Hey, Seth, please come help. There's a fire." You know, all 30 of my texts. All 30 of them. Let's bring up Seth's text messages. No. Seth text me today. He said, "Seth been texting me about a logo. He's got a new logo coming, you guys." Hey. Hey, that's that's private information. Oh, is this a secret? Your secret logo is going to be big reveal. I don't want to blow the I don't want to re Okay, Seth doesn't have a new logo coming and he's not super excited and hasn't asked me like questions about it. Never mind. Forget what I said. So, I took sexed twice. Here's the beginning of a of a joke. Yeah, it was a joke. I took it the first time and the first time I took it, uh, I had struggled with it because I sat next to a guy that I had actually gotten kicked out of middle school because he pulled a knife on me and I told on him and he got expelled and he got expelled from the middle school we went to. And then we got to high school, they sat him next to me and I was very uncomfortable. Yeah. This guy, he kept he kept a cockroach in his backpack as a pet. Do you think it was always the same cockroach? I don't know. And I don't even know that he really did it. I think he did it like I think he acted like he did that like to make um make me make people scared of him worked, you know. Yeah. Yeah, but uh I thought we were friends in middle school and he would used to tell me he told me that he used to tell me that he would like hold guns to people's heads and when he shot people he liked to punch the gun through their head and you know I was like 12 and he was scary so I kind of like I didn't know that if he was telling the truth or not and then one day he like menaced me with a knife and I went and told on him and they searched him and kicked him out and then you know that was I think that was like the and that was the last time I ratted. Yes, that was the last time I ratted like that. That was the the one cockroach kid that you had to deal with, right? Childhood. Dude, I that cured me of being a rat. Even when I was a police officer, while I was on duty, I did my job. You know what I mean? I like took criminals to jail. But outside of professional obligation, I ain't never ratted on anybody. If I wasn't required to by law, I wasn't telling. He could have an under underground cockroach ring. Yeah, I would. Won't matter. Yeah. And to this day, I think I I don't think I would rat. I think I would try to handle it before I'd rat. Like that's that cured me of being a rat. Yeah. That's a weird situation because you never know how like how much whoever you're ratting to is actually going to help you. Yeah. Yeah. or or for like how long you ended up in the same class. Anyway, the same table. We sat next to each other at a twoperson table. So, I was very uncomfortable. I couldn't pay attention to the teacher. Also, I was lazy and didn't do homework. And uh I didn't do my normal thing. The normal thing I would do is I would not do homework, but then ace the tests. So, but in this this time, I just didn't do homework and then I didn't ace the test because I was scared I was going to die every day. Yeah. Well, so that was I was a freshman. You took you took it when you were a freshman. Well, I failed it, but they never got me back into it until I was a senior. Now, when I was a senior, I'd had a girlfriend for 18 months and everyone knew the gory details of our active life, if you know what I mean. Oh, so, gotcha. Everyone knew and it was like well known, like people talked about it all the time. Mhm. And uh every time and I was now like much older looking like I kind of looked I kind of looked I wouldn't say I was always tiny so but I looked a little I had a little bit of hair on my face you know I kind of looked a little bit more like a man you know. Mhm. Um every time they would say anything all the little freshman girls in the class would turn and look at me. Every time the teachers mention anything about anything, they'd turn and look at me like, "Is that true?" You know, I pulled up the video. They were like, "Yeah, is that what it looks like? Is that what happens?" And I was like, "Uh, [Music] but I ended up passing that time. Just barely. Just barely." I went to that the the sex ed teacher. She actually hosted a trip every year to England and Scotland and I went on that trip and I got in trouble for ditching the I ditched the group and just jumped on the tube in London and just took a ride on the tube to back to the hotel all on my own at like 16 or 17 or something like that. Dang. Yeah, that's how I took sex ed twice cuz the first time around I was uh sitting next to potentially a murderous person who had a bone to pick with me. He What was crazy is he he was cool to me the whole time. He was cool the whole time. I never knew what to make of it. That was worse. I think I could have dealt with it better if he was like, "I'm going to kill you if I see you outside of school." But he was like, "Okay, I know what I'm in for." He was nice to me and he never mentioned, "Hey, remember that time you got me expelled from school for pulling a knife on you?" [Laughter] Well, maybe he was like, "Yeah, sorry, bro. I won't pull knives on you anymore." Very specific emphasis on you. Yeah, right. Yeah. He never said anything. I had like kids in my neighborhood that were like the um Yeah, I make weapons. I can't say what for. Yeah. And be like, "Oh, yeah. Okay. Yeah, that's cool. Why' you Why'd you tell me that? Yeah, that's really specific. You were really good as a kid, weren't you? You never got in trouble. Uh, no, not really. Got in trouble. I mean, I got in trouble like once. One one big time. Um, sixth grade. I I Yeah. Well, I mean, like big for me in the sixth grade. Yeah. You're the type of guy that's like, "Oh my god, OG Willickers, my dad's going to kill me and he just like gives you a disapproving look and your heart sinks and that's like you in trouble. My dad was probably so I I got caught making out in recess in like the sixth grade. Um and I I remember I was sitting next to my dad when he got the phone call after I got sent home like look um here's the deal. Uh, I've never had to I've never had to have this conversation with a parent before, but uh, your kid was making out and and at the time like it was like with a person with a per Yeah. No, with my arm with a little fold in my elbow. Yeah. But yeah, this this uh little interesting girl came over from the town next door who I think had failed like two two grades and I was like, "Oh, you got yourself a little hood right chick. She said, "I'm going to teach you something." Yeah. And and what's funny is my buddy ratted on me about the whole thing. So, that was fun. That was an interesting three months or whatever. Aki Puari in the chat says, "Oh my god, I got an 84 in my test. My dad's going to kill me." That's totally a Sensei Seth move. 84. Yeah, they both be pretty upset about the 84 84's 84 is hard to sell, dude. There's some of us are parents were just glad we didn't get sent home. We didn't get brought home by the cops. You know, my mom the the main reason I went to get my MBA was and and this wasn't the only reason, but she her her phrase was I will be so disappointed if you don't get your NBA that I will leave you out of the will. Like I will just disown you. So, that was that was kind of my educational growing up was uh But listen, let's get real because we're on we're on Icy Mike Imperfect. I kind of think that's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and that she would leave me out. Well, I don't think she would, you know, but like to tell somebody like, "You got to do it the way that I think you got to do it or I'm going to be so disappointed in you that it's going to affect our relationship." Yeah. and and and who know like I I'm sure in the back of my head I also knew that she wouldn't do it but to to be fair she's also the person who has been like more supportive of like YouTube which is like totally opposite like yeah how's that yeah that NBA is real useful now I mean it was it was in marketing to be fair but 99% of it was totally useless I come out of it with you learned how to do YouTube from me idiot you didn't have to go to college I Ice the the masters of Icy Mike. Yeah, dude. That's what I'm talking and that's kind of a perfect example. So, I'm glad you shared that because that's what I'm talking about. If now if you if you're an idiot, if you're a doofus that can't figure [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out and you're not a hustler and you don't like working hard and you don't like putting in long hours that you don't get paid for, if you don't like doing all that, you need to go to a trade school or a college and go punch a clock for somebody else, right? and maybe play music, maybe practice with your cover band every Thursday, you know what I mean? Yeah. You're not gonna be a rock star if you're not willing to do all that stuff. But if you are a hustler, if you're the type of dude I could give you $5 at the beginning of the day and you could come back with $50 at the end of the night, you know, by making moves, if you can put together, if you can, you know, save up some money and and buy a bunch of sneakers at closeout and resell them out of the trunk of your car on eBay or whatever, if you can do stuff like that, you can make anything happen, you know? But if you're not a hustler and you're not a hard worker, you can't you can't live your dream. Yeah, college has become like the middle ground of people being like, "Yeah, I'll figure out what I want to do once I'm an adult." And it's Yeah, it's got And it's got nothing to do with talent. That's another big problem is some guys think, "Oh, well, I'm amazing at the cello." So, people will pay me to play the cello. It's got [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to do with it, son. You got to be passable at the cello. You got to be good at convincing people to pay you to play the cello, you know. Yeah. Right. If nobody's ever heard you play, then what what does it matter? I I I am a small tiny uh injury-prone amateur who's not very nice with a grading personality. Not great to look at. I make a living doing martial arts and fitness right online too. online, not because of talent, because I'm a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hustler. You know what I mean? Sat next to to cockroach boy in middle school and it taught you that you could be better than that. It It has zero to do with your talent. It has everything to do with your drive. Truth. Let's see. Let's take another caller. Let's see what this guy be about. Scout 3058. Oh, everyone felt the pause. Everyone felt that air in there and then the blinds just lit up. They were like, "It's my time." Yeah. Scout 3058. What's up? Can you hear me, brother? Yeah. Be still. There's wind blowing. Hey, wait. Is this uh West Texas? No, this is Louisiana. Oh, okay. I thought you were I thought you were the other guy. You sound like the other guy. What's up, man? No. So, uh, I just wanted to say, man, so I'm obviously not a young guy, but I grew up with a story that was Yeah. Yeah, I am. You sound 43. Kind of. You're close. You're close. How old are you? Uh, I I'll be 50 in a couple months. Damn. I'm not close, man. You just wish I was close. I If if it makes you feel better, man, I feel about 34. Oh, good. There you go. That's good. So, yeah, man. I I my coming up story is a lot like yours, bro. I was a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in school, got in trouble a lot, all that stuff. I studied tong sudo through middle school and high school and and I played hockey, but I was very unpopular. I got picked on a lot. Um, got in a lot of fights. I still have a piece of pencil lead stuck in my chest from this dude named Dave. Dude, um, you I have a piece of pencil lead in my lips still. I'll tell that story in a second, but go ahead. So, yeah. What are you guys using pencils? Shut up, Seth. We got in fights cuz you were cool. Yeah, pretty boy. with with who? The teacher. Anyway, continue. Sorry. But so yeah, man. Um I was there was the first thing I was told I that I couldn't and shouldn't do was go in the military out of high school. So I went in the Marine Corps and did my four years, got out of the Marine Corps, came home and then I was told I should not be a bar bouncer. So, I became a bar bouncer for about seven years. And I I was start I was started dabbling in in mixed martial arts in 93 when I saw the first UFC. Um my buddy and I recorded it on VHS and we played it back frame by frame so we could see what Hoist Gracie was doing. Everybody trying to choke each other out on on the floor. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Yeah. Yeah. Out in the yard. Definitely choking each other out. Yeah. Um but that you know fast forwarding uh I became a police officer in 2001 which I was also told that's not a good idea. You shouldn't do that. Yeah. So I worked that until 2012 when I ended up moving overseas with my wife who's in the military still. Um, but then the last thing I was told that was not a good idea to do, uh, and this was last year, was I wanted to become a canine handler. And it it was going to cost $23,000. And my wife said, "I don't think this is a good idea." Do that. Yeah. That's what it cost to go to school. Damn, dude. Where I where I worked at, man, they just like was like, "Hey, you want to come run trails with us?" And then they just gave you a dog. Oh, so I'm I'm I'm not a cop. I'm not a cop anymore. I I haven't done Yeah. I haven't done police work since 2012. We moved to Japan and we were there for four years, so I I had to hang out the duty belt. Oh, yeah. So, you had to pay your own way. Yeah. They just gave me a Right. Right. So, yeah, I I wanted to become a professional canine handler, so I had to go to school. So, it cost 23 grand, but you know, I was told this is not a good idea. Well, I went and did it anyway. Um and I paid off that loan within a year. And now I I do private security contracting. I've worked for the New Orleans Saints. I've worked in music festivals in Atlanta. I've I've met famous people, done all this stuff. And I get paid a lot of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] money to do what I do and to do something love. And that's the key, brother. I have never had a job I loved more than this. I get to take my dog to work every day. Yeah. I bet your car smells so bad. Yo, I keep up on that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bro. No, you don't know. No, you don't know. That's the thing. That's the thing. You're right. I probably don't. You can't smell it. Dog people. No, man. I I I I change out the cabin air filter every probably six or eight months and then all that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] What kind of dog is you're probably right? Belgian Malininoa. Oh, he stinks. She She stinks. She stinks. Yeah. Mike didn't even know he just guessed. But yeah, man. The whole point is, you know, just because people tell you it's not a good idea or that you shouldn't do it doesn't mean you shouldn't do it, right? And but also, you had specialized experience. You kind of knew what you were getting into. You had an idea. You'd been around the world. You had some experience. You had some seasoning. Also, I'll continually temper for you young people listening. They've probably already tuned out. They said, "Oh, I see Mike said [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] school." You know, just because someone, you know, because someone tells you you shouldn't do it doesn't mean you shouldn't. But just because someone said don't do it doesn't mean you should either. You know, it's just not up for them to decide. You have to make that decision. Yes. Mhm. Don't let Don't let other people set your boundaries. Yeah, that's a good in terms of being successful. Yeah. Yeah, man. Well, that's cool to hear. I'm glad that that worked out for you. I I Hey, you and I I think we have a mutual friend there in Myrtle Beach. Oh, yeah. Who's that? Um I talked to you once about this. I think it was about a year and a half ago. I mentioned I knew this cat. His name was Elton Cruz. He was an instructor over at um Yeah, I've met him. I I know who he is. Yeah, I' I've met him briefly a couple times. I know who he is. He's he's very well known around here. Is that your ideal coach or No, he's a um he's a very legit uh he's a jiu-jitsu guy. And he's like, "Yeah, I want to say he's either he's Brazilian, but he lived in Japan or he's Japanese and he lived in Brazil." Yeah. He's he's Brazilian, but actually I met him in Japan. Yeah. He's like double jiu-jitsu. He's jiu-jitsu as hell. Yeah. Yeah. He's a hell of a guy, man. Yeah. Okay. Well, cool, man. Well, I appreciate you taking my call, Mike. All right, man. I'll talk to you later. All right. Sensei test. You have a good night, too, brother. You have a good one, buddy. All right. Let's bring in this guy, Dash, that's been trying to call in. He looks like uh he looks like a little private school kid. He looks like a one of the guys from the Umbrella Academy. What's up, Dash? How are you, Mike? Oh, what's up, man? What What What's going on with you? It's late over there where you're at, isn't it? Uh I'm in Australia. It's midday. Oh, it's like tomorrow over there. Yeah, it is. Oh, okay. Well, I just wanted to disagree with the comment someone made earlier complaining about the audience talking. Oh, yeah. I think listening to your audience is absolutely great. My absolute favorite was the guy the other day. Um, he sounded a bit out of breath that he was squatting at the gym, but he didn't know what weights he was Yeah, everyone jumped all over him. Everyone jumped all over that. Yeah, that guy was That guy was great. To be honest, I'm pretty sure he was in his bedroom doing something else, but we won't go there. How old are you, man? You're kind of young. I'm 22. 22. You look I'm 22, but I look about 14. Yeah, I know. So, what does that mean? What's your story? What do you Yeah. On topic, I think I can give you kind of like the other perspective. I mean, I had a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] time, you know, high school, too, but I've gone to uni. Mhm. Um, went to uni at 16, now have a threeear degree in psychology, fourth year in honors, and I'm halfway through a PhD. Oh, man. Dang. Oh, man. Did you say you're halfway through a PhD at what? 22. Yeah. Oh jeez. Yeah. I got to get after it anyway. Which is great, but I'm halfway through and I'm spending a lot of days sitting there now thinking I don't like sitting at a desk for 8 hours. This guy's going to get all them damn degrees and decide he wants to open a taco truck. Exactly. Well, it's it's crazy how that works cuz that's that's pretty much exactly what happened to me where I was like halfway through my NBA. I was like, "Man, I do not like working for people at all. I'm gonna teach karate because I already knew how to do that." And it Yeah. It was like the thought of having to do it that like turned me off from all of it. Wow. So, uh, so so what are you going to do since school comes so easy to you? I mean, what what do you want to do? Yeah, that Well, what do you want to do is the big question. I mean, at this stage, I think 18 months to go finish the study. What's going to happen after the study? I don't know. You're invested. You're invested. It can't hurt. And you're not you're not going to do anything really super cool in the next 18 months if you don't do that. You know what I mean? Nothing great's going to happen in that time. You don't need that time. If you were 75 and you said, "I've got 18 months to finish." I'd be like, "Fuck that thing. You've got 18 months." You know what I mean? 18 months is more important when you're 75. Um uh so but like I when I say when I ask young guys I say what do you want to do and smart guys like you little smart cookies like you and Sensei Seth over there if when you ask them what do you want to do they say oh man that's a tough question I call [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] It's sort of like when I have a new client come in. And I have a I'll have a woman come into the studio and she'll tell me and she's like 56 5'5 and she weighs 185 lbs. You know what I mean, right? And she's f Let's Let's do you one. I'll give you a real example. 5'2 weighs 185 lbs. You know what I mean? And I say, "Well, how much how much do you want to what like what's your goal weight?" And I already know what the goal weight is. And she's like, "Um, like 150." And I'm like, "Okay, why not 130?" You know, like, "Why is that not Why don't you tell me 125?" And I I I'll like show her Instagram girl who weighs 115. I'll be like, "Why don't you why don't you say this?" That is what she wants. That's exactly what she wants, but she feels like it's not realistic to say that. So, when I ask a 22-year-old guy, "What do you want to do?" And he's like, "Oh, man, that's a tough question." No, man. you'd like to just like uh you know collect NFL jerseys or whatever or uh I don't know kangaroo wrangling jerseys or whatever you guys watch over there you know what I mean that's what you want to do but you don't say well I would like to be a professional you know um whatever because that's unrealistic but I really mean it when I say what do you want to do like what do you want to do what are you super passionate about yeah those are words of wisdom Mike, I'm asking you. No, this is not rhetorical. I know, but you're right. I'm answering your question. What do you want to do? I'm answering your question, which is smart. My my local gym staff think I'm nuts because I finish up at work at 5:00 p.m. Go to the gym and I'm still there at 8:00 p.m. Well, you're work you're being very inefficient in there if you enjoy being in there. That's right. No. Well, well, I was about to say I was about to say I'm not an idiot, though. I don't I don't stand there and lift weights for 3 hours. I'll lift weights for an hour. Then I'll then I'll jump on the bag for half an hour. Then I'll stretch. Okay. Cuz it's just it's just where I like being sitting at a desk all day. And then you cruise around, go get a smoothie. What are you passionate about, man? What's your thing? Yeah, it's a it's a good question mark. No. What is it? Stop stop dodging it. Say it out loud. Do you What? Do you collect comic? Do you like Do you Do you dress up like Sailor Moon? Like what is your thing that you do? on your podcast, Mark. It's martial arts. I got a taekwond do background, but I'm I'm I'm wanting to get into, you know, some more mysterious the right word stuff at the moment. Uh-huh. So, you're a taekwond do a taekwond dork. Yep. Exactly. And you don't know if you want 10 years of taekwond do and you don't know if you want to do whatever uh buttoned up desk job [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that you went to school for is there is there some middle ground? Is there some taekwond do or martial arts and fitness? You love working out. You love being at the gym. You like uh kicking, you know? Is there some version? Is there some thing, some middle ground between all the things that you went to school for and all the things that you love? Is there some way to marry those two things? I don't know. Let me try Let me try and answer your question. Let me try and answer your question. What do you want to do? Yeah. Uh maybe half and half. Maybe I find some kind of part-time job in research, that sort of thing that I want to do, and start something up in martial arts one day. Yeah, there's your answer. Yeah, you're the smart guy degree in uh the undergraduate degree psychology. PhD is youth mental health and neuroscience. Oh, you could do a lot there. Why don't you why don't you study how taekwond do helps young people recover from traumatic you know what I mean? You see where I'm going? like or more so I think there's a lack of study and I don't know how capable you are of this but there there's a there's a lot of lack of studies about like um children with special needs that go into martial arts and how that affects them because parents are like moving more towards movement now dude Dash you are you are uniquely situated with that combination to do something like what Seth is talking about you're talking about doing something a you are well trained to do because you're uh you know a prodigy over there with, you know, you did apparently you had time to do like 24 years worth of college. Uh, you know, in like three years. Yeah. In the in the time it takes me to save up enough money to buy to buy this microphone, you know. Um, you are uniquely situated to do something that you are qualified to do, marry it to something you're passionate about, and then help people. And then being at being a authority in all those topics could be lucrative. Like you could make a living doing it. Mhm. And you're doing something awesome, fun, righteous, needed, helpful, movement, something you're passionate about. Dude, what what don't you want to do? Cuz literally the world is your oyster. Well, your world, your your dusty upside down world is your oyster. Dash, I'd imagine you have to do a bunch of case studies and whatnot right now. Yeah, for sure. What I would do is see if you can talk one of your professors into letting you do a case study on something taekwondo related with kids and that'll be like a start on you deciding if you like it or not. Plus, you don't have to like you're already doing the school anyway. Look, you guys are on to something great. And it's funny, I'm just thinking here. Guy sits on the same floor as me right now. He's doing his PhD in surf therapy. for people with PTSD. So it gets them out there on the water 10e course sort of thing. Yeah. You just go you you work with him. You work with him and it's the it's the same thing. He's already put in work. You know what I mean? You just piggyback off his research. Yeah. Well, obviously exactly it's it's activity. So he he's doing surf therapy. But taekwondo martial art. I mean, it sucks that in Taekwond do it was something cool like wrestling or boxing, but uh for sure for sure. I'm I'm with you. It's all right. It's It's 10 years in and I'm with you. Sam S in the chat says, "OMG, that's the most Australian job I've heard in my life." Yeah. Surf therapy. Doing therapy for kids on a surfboard. Surf therapy. Yeah, surf therapy. Have an overwhelming fear of sharks. surf therapy. It sounds ridiculous, but it apparently works. It works great. Yeah, they're learning mental health. I mean, you know, traditional people just want to sit you down and talk to you. But getting outside, being active, all those sorts of things, they work. Oh, well, you don't know who I am, so I'm going to say they work better. Yeah, I'll make the controversial statement. Yeah, and I agree. It's It's better for people. Get outside. Be active. Be healthy. Don't eat rubbish. Dude, before you're 30, you need to be at the forefront of this. Basically, you're going to create an industry and create an industry. Create a a thing. You know what I mean? Or at least at least trailblaze it and buy pioneer it, you know? Well, sounds like a plan. It is a plan. Now, get to work, man. We'll talk to you later. Thanks, Mike. Appreciate it. All right, let's bring in dude. You guys got to think about when you pick these screen names. I have a bunch of little screen names dancing over in front of me. Poopy Pants Aaron. I don't want to Let's click Poopy Pants Aaron. Poopy Pants Aaron is live. We're in the second. What's up, Poopy Pants? Hello. I'm doing great. I'm doing great. I I can't believe I'm on here. Can you guys hear me? Oh, yeah. Yeah. Awesome. Awesome. Wow. I feel like I'm on I'm on national television or something. Crazy. You're not. You're on a YouTube channel. There's 139 people listening now. Now 10,000 people are probably going to watch it tomorrow, so say something good. But Oh, all right. Cool. Well, well, I hope everybody's doing well. How's it going with the virus and stuff in your guys? Nobody cares about that. Nobody cares about topic. So, now that we got the formalities out of the way, um, you know, I'll tell you a little bit about myself. Great. I was dying to find out. All right, cool. That's why I called in. Um, I've been, uh, so I've basically been training on and off for about a year now in uh, in jiu-jitsu. Yeah. And, um, yeah, I'm I'm still I'm I'm a white belt, so that's pretty high up. Yeah. And I did you have a stripe. Do you have a stripe on your belt? No. I I I haven't been in long enough to get a stripe. And I've been I've been like, "All right, so basically this is what happened." Okay. So, I started training and in January I was like, "You know what? It's 2020. It's a new year. It's a new decade. I got to take this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] seriously." And I did for about 2 and 1/2 months. Yeah. Right. And then and then the Corona virus happened and I was like, you know, well, what do I do now? and I started taking privates. Um, and now I'm doing privates twice a week and I really love it. But the thing is, we're not just doing jiu-jitsu. We're also doing wrestling and we're also doing Muay Thai. And um, I love it. I love all of it. Especially wrestling. I mean, I I only pretty recently started wrestling. And it is like the hardest thing I've ever done. Um, but I really love it. And it just it could be a little bit confusing for me because I only train twice a week over there. And then I started training three times a week, you know, just uh weightlifting. Dude, I'm going to be honest to get bigger. Go ahead. I'm [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] lost, man. You [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] lost me, dude. I'm so sorry. Where are we going? Basically, basically this You are better, though. Thank you. Um, so basically, you know what I'm trying to figure out is how do I how do I better optimize my time to to get to where I want to be, to be a better fighter, to be a better martial artist, and ultimately just to be a better person, you know? Am I wasting my time trying to mix Muay Thai and wrestling and jiu-jitsu all at once? Or should I try and be like, "Oh, let me get my blue belt in jiu-jitsu first." Or, "Let me have a perfect jab." Why are you training? Why are you training? What do you want? I want to challenge myself and I want to do something that nobody thought that I could do, not even myself. Do you want to be a fighter? Not a professional fighter, but I would love to, you know, maybe in the future. Yeah. I still think I mean I obviously need a lot of training like at least I got it. I got it. It's easy. If if you don't if you don't think that you are going to be a professional fighter, it doesn't much matter what you train in. I want you to have a good time at training. And I want you to go I want you to learn things that are important so you can be good at defending yourself. You should train really hard. I always say, and I'm well known for saying this, that you should train the thing that you don't like training very much for six months and then train at the thing that you do like training at for your whole life. So, if you hate boxing and love jiu-jitsu, you should do about six months of boxing and then jiu-jitsu for your whole life. As far as training a bunch of stuff at once, it is kind of hard to get really, really good at any one thing while you're doing that. Mhm. But what are we training for? If it's not to fight If it's not to fight someone who fights for a living in six months, then it doesn't really much matter, you know? Now, if you The truth is, and Seth, uh, I'll let you tell me what you think. If you want to get really good at jiu-jitsu, you do need to focus on just that, doing it once a week or twice a week while you're also trying to remember some boxing [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and some Muay Thai [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] If you go to most MMA schools, they they tell you just come to everything. Come to everything. Come to everything. Come to everything. You you your growth would be slower if you train for two years at everything and another guy trains for two years and he does six months of jiu-jitsu, six months of wrestling, six months of boxing, six months of Muay Thai, that guy's going to be better, I think. Seth, what do you think? Um, I could go either way, but I So, if you have like unlimited time, like you're not finding yourself like having to schedule out the different classes to make sure that you can like slam them all into your busy schedule, like if you have the option to take all of the classes, I I if as long as you understand that like if you take away each thing as understanding how to move your body, like whether you're on the ground or standing up, wherever it is, if once you get used to those repetitive movements that all of them sort of have, like, okay, my hips do this, my legs do this, my arms do this. Um, I I I think after a while it'll you'll start to get the hang of it. And if you're not stressed right now taking all of them, like if you're just enjoying it and you're like secondguessing whether or not you're doing the right thing, then I wouldn't worry about it. Yeah. Uh-huh. Yeah. I mean, right now I have I have a very flexible schedule just because I uh I work from home. I have an online business that I run. And aside from that, I mean, I have my my two uh trainings that I do with I mean, I have a a private coach that I train at his home. You don't sleep a lot, do you? No, I I actually do. I've I've been trying to put a lot of emphasis on it, you know. I try and sleep as much as I can which you know I try and sleep at least 7 hours especially just because I mean I I try to at least you know I mean aside from running the business and I also started I mean just recently I started uh weightlifting with a personal trainer as well three times a week and it's I mean I kind of go ahead. Well, that that that sort of is was going to be my next question as far as your fitness level and everything. That changes things considerably because if you're weight training with a personal trainer three times a week, he probably has started talking to you about he probably would like for you to be recovered, which means he doesn't want you to do too much on your days in between. I'm guessing that's what I would tell you if you were my client. Um I mean he uh Yeah, go ahead. Does he train you like knowing that you do those other classes? Like do you add that use that as a supplement or do you treat them like two very different things? No, I I kind of this was my thought process cuz I'm not you know I'm not Arnold Schwarzenegger. I'm not some like crazy super in fit, you know, in shape person. You're not Icy Mike. Um I'm not Icy Mike basically. I'm not I'm not Sensei Seth either. You know what I mean? I'm you know I'm I'm 5'5. I'm 140 lb. you know, Icy Mike and B. Yeah, I'm I'm seeing Mike, but I decided to uh to start training cuz I'm thinking, you know what? It doesn't matter if I choose, okay, let me do wrestling or let me do Muay Thai or this or that. I got to be strong either way, you know, with whatever I do. And ultimately, you know, I think that just the weightlifting is going to help me get into a body that I want to get into. It's going to help me. I'm 21. Okay. So, the rules for you are different than the rules for me. Any old older guys listening, this is not the advice for you. The old advice for older guys would be I was fixing to say if you're weightlifting three times a week, you can train one martial art two times a week. You would be better at the end of a year, 6 months or a year than if you were training like full-time and lifting weights and doing all that. You at 21, you are able to recover a little bit better. You need to sleep and you need to eat. If you are weightlifting three times a week, I would look really hard at uh cutting down some of the jiu-jitsu just from the from some of the rolling. I don't know how much rolling they do verse drilling or verse training or verse whatever. The rolling is going to stunt your recovery. You are on the right track as far as thinking that because you're a little tiny little half of a person like me. Thank you. Yeah, thank you. you have to be stronger. Uh the example that I always use is when I was taking jiu-jitsu, I was going to jiu-jitsu three or three nights a week at least, I sucked. I was getting my ass kicked. I was getting beat up and smashed and cur rolled up into a ball and dribbled up and down the mats like it was a basketball court. I got herniated disc in my neck. I had surgery. I took a year off from jiu-jitsu. I didn't let a human being touch me for a year. Oh my god. Yeah. I all I did was powerlift three times a week and hit the bag twice a week. That's all I did for a year. Didn't roll, didn't drill, didn't even watch jiu-jitsu cuz I didn't care about it. Yeah, that's the thing. Since I I don't mean to cut you off. You did. You didn't mean to cut me off, but you did. Then I went back to jiu-jitsu now. The strongest I'd ever been in my life just from weightlifting. Right. people that were there when I left that were beating me, you know, and had trained the whole time I was gone for one year exactly. I was taking them down at will strictly from deadlifting. Wow. I would go to I would shoot for the take and this is people in my weight class, right? I'd shoot for the takedown. They would defend it correctly. I just wouldn't care because I deadlifted for a year straight. People will try to act like strength is not important. Now, when you're 21, you're capable of cramming more stuff in. But if you are strength training, I would lean hard into that strength training. I would limit the amount of rolling I'm doing on the days uh between recovery is super important. And you build muscle. And I take I tell people to take things in seasons. So, for six months, lean really hard into boxing. And then for six months, lean really hard into weightlifting. And then for six months, lean really hard into jiu-jitsu. And then do the other things as you have time, but give your body time to recover. That's my official opinion. Yeah. You know, being uh being the fact that I I just have a a personal a private um a private jiu-jitsu coach, we don't really do like we do a little bit of rolling. Yeah, that's best because that'll preserve your your body and you won't be taking unnecessary damage and getting stacked and getting beat up and all that. Yeah. We usually just do like technical training and like here's how to do with this and then you know at the end we'll do okay like 10 minutes of roll this. Yeah. And he's going to he's just going to push you just enough. He's not trying to smash you, not trying to win. He's just trying to get you to learn. Exactly. That's cool, man. Hope you're able to help. It was super interesting talking to you, man. Thank you so much for having me. It's been a huge pleasure. All right. Thanks, man. Later. See you. Bye. Let's bring in Joyce. Joyce, you are online. Um, is this you? This This is me. I am me. Is this you? Okay. So, Young Mart, I'm 12 years old. Is this you? I see you, Mike. Yes, sir, it is. How are you? No way. No way. It is me, man. How are you? Yeah, man. You're my idol. No, man. You're my I'm so glad to hear from you, man. I'm so glad to hear from you. What's going on? Um nothing. It's just um So, I've been taking a Korean martial art similar to yours. What is it? Um except mine. So, it's called Tukong Musul Juan. And apparently the South Korean military trains with it, you know. That's cool. And and I don't know if it's legit or not because we don't do a lot of like pressure testing, you know, and I want to know if you could give me some signs to see if it works. I mean, do you have do you have fun when you go? Do you like it? Yes, it's very fun. Okay. It's very fun. So that's the most important thing. Tell me your name again. Your first name. My name is Hayden. Hayden. My name is Hayden. Hayden. If it's fun. If it's fun, that's the most important thing. That's the number one. So don't worry too much about can you like beat everybody up or like can you fight off like 20 dudes with it, you know? And I think it's awesome that you're curious and about pressure testing and about knowing whether your martial art is quote unquote legit, right? Um But if it's fun and you like going, that's the most important part. So, if we've got that ticked off, now we've got the the other box of are are do you how long have you been going? Um, I've been going since I was 10 years old and I'm 12 now. So, years. Yes. Now, now, here's what I found. And I took Cooks Suan. And in in my experience, Cook Suan was not that legit. But here's the good news is when I started learning boxing and kickboxing and Muay Thai and jiu-jitsu and wrestling, I started learning those other things. There was lots of little things I knew from my martial art that the the guys who only did the the stuff that is commonly used in MMA, it's things they didn't know about. I I kind of wish that I had done boxing and wrestling to be honest, but it wasn't a total waste of time even though it wasn't that legit. And I don't know whether what you do is legit or not. If you want to know how to I think you having fun at it is more important than it being legit when you're 12 and unless people are attacking you all the time. Are there ninjas attacking you all the time? Um, no. Okay. Do you fight? Do you does your family send you into underground fighting rings so that you can uh win money to feed them? No. Okay. So then it's not super important that you know how to beat everyone up. What's most important is that you enjoy it. And do you get good exercise from it? Is it like are do you sweat and you breathe hard when you go? Like is it like physically challenging? Yeah. Like I'm getting bigger from it. Yeah. Oh, okay. Great. I think that's gains. Yeah. Making them gains, son. Those are the most important things. When you get older, do you guys spar? Do any do you do like what? Like touch sparring or point sparring with it at least? As as children, we don't really spar yet. I've sparred a couple times, but as we get older, like in the curriculum, we hard spar with like head gear, but it's only very seldom. Like, it's not an everyday thing. What What about the adults? Do the adults do it more often? Yes, the the adults, they pretty much let them fight in head gear, you know? Okay, then it's it's hard to fake that. It's possible, but it's hard to fake that. And it's too like Go ahead. Yeah, I I've straight up like it. They pretty much just let them fist fight for like two minutes straight. Wow. There you go. So, it's hard to take the crap out of each other. Okay. It's good that they're waiting and not letting the kids do that because, you know, your brain has not fully developed yet. Yeah, those are those are two good signs right there because one, they understand that sparring is important and like you mentioned that you worried about there wasn't enough pressure testing, but for you guys, there's not really a great way to pressure test without, you know, kid uh 12-year-olds take way less pressure to go snap than adults do. Wait a minute. Hold on. On the the other guy, is that Sensei Seth? That is Sensei Seth. No way. What's up? Since he says an icy mic. Oh my god. Oh, I'm going cry about this. Never mind. You don't have to say anyway. But but the the main thing is like you don't have to worry about that kind of stuff right now. Like I'm I'm sure a lot of the people that you watch on YouTube like me and Mike talk about that kind of stuff. Um like pressure testing and making sure your style is legit and making sure you're you're doing something that's useful for you. But like I took karate, Mike took a different style that was uh you know probably unknown of to this day. But when we when we talk about that stuff, that's for adults who say that they can fight people and they are trying to fight people and be fighters. That's not for kids trying to get in better shape and learn and have fun. And oh wait, I I I have something to say real quick, guys. Um I hate to interrupt, but um um hold on. I um just so you know, Mike, um uh wait, can I call you that? Yes, go ahead. Yes, sir, you can. And uh Seth, um by the way, just so you know, 99% of your audience are all children under the age of 12. Like, um just so you know, yeah, I I I hate to tell you, but you have very little Only like a like two adults I've seen on your channel have responded. Like that. That's all I've seen. And guys, like all your audience is under 12. I'm sorry to tell you. Do do you think you might want to watch your length? Or are you going based off of their um their maturity level? Yeah, they all act like 12year-olds. Um I mean they're they say some pretty nasty stuff in the comments, but um most of them um like their age. Yes, they're very young from like Listen, guess do your do your do your parents or guardians do they know what you watch on YouTube? Do they know about what you're watching? Yes, they know and they approve of it as long as I don't um repeat some of the words that you all say, right? Well, hold on. Not me. Yeah. Yeah. Mike Mike has a Yeah, his channel Yeah. I have a question. Do psychics actually work? No, of course they don't. What kind of question is that? You must pressure test, Aiden. Wow. I'm just picking on you. Hey, um guys, I also have a question. Uh there's a video I would like for y'all to upload. Okay. Um um Okay, you're going to laugh me. Nunchucks for the street. Could y'all please do that for me? That's a brilliant video idea because there's a lot of questions of legality and morality in it because me myself um I wish to be a professional nunchucker if I can say that. So I want to be a pro. Yeah, that's pretty sick. Is that like Yeah, like freestyle nunchuckery like tricks and stuff like Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. like I am a not only the practical applications of it but like the cool fancy stuff and I also want to become a UFC fighter when I'm older like that like I could whoop Conor McGregor. Well, by the time you're an adult they might be using nunchucks in the UFC the way they might that might be a thing. Um um so that that video that that request I love that and if you could please give me a shout out that would be great. Hayden. Yeah. Is that's h a y den? Yes. Nunchucks for the street. Question marks. And you said three question marks. Yes, sir. All right. You got it, buddy. Oh, and Seth, I have a question. All right. Last question, buddy, and then we got to go. We got to take somebody else. All right. Um, Seth, one more question. Do you think you could do another tutorial on the wheel kick? I didn't. Exactly. Get it. Absolutely. I got you, buddy. All right. Thank Thank you so much, Hayden. It was an honor getting to talk to you. I'm I'm very happy that you called in. Mhm. Hey, y'all are like my idols. Like, you know what I mean? So, thank you. But I got to go, too. All right. All right, man. Okay. Bye. Y'all are like my new best friends. All right, buddy. Bye. See you, bud. Hey, I like how Hayden I like how Hayden was like I like how Hayden was like, "Yeah, but I got to go, too." You know, he's like, "Look, guys, it's been great." Yeah. He's like, "But I gotta go." He's like, "You want to chat? I've got to run." He's not trying to let me hang up on him. He's like, "Yo, but I gotta go, too, cuz I got other stuff I got to go do." You know what I mean? He was like, "Yo, I've been I've been doing the side hustle where I sell nunchucks." Yeah. Um, I got to go load up my bike full of nunchucks. I've got to run, dude. Let's That was awesome. That was cool. Let's talk about that, Seth. Like, what is that? Maybe it's not a big deal to you. Maybe that's not a big deal. You work I work with kids. What am I talking about? Yeah. But like No, that's that's that's still really cool obviously because like we we interact with the um 12y olds that are acting like adults in the comments. No, the adults that are acting like 12-y olds. No. Oh, yeah. He said Yeah. He's saying he said I don't know if you guys know this, but like 99% of your audience is under 12. But like I mean it's it's cool though. Like none of none of my kids that I teach uh know pretty much almost none of them know that I have YouTube. Like maybe two or three of them and the other day I was I was wearing a t-shirt and like that's the opposite of what I get from the kids I teach. To be fair, very few people know that you have a YouTube channel at all. So Well, all right. Everyone Everyone from high school knows that I have a YouTube channel. And when the kids say, "Coach Mike, we saw your video about blah blah blah blah blah." And I'm thinking like, "What did I say in that video?" And I'm like, "Wait, you you you watched what now?" And I'll look at the parents like, "Yo." And they look at me like, "What can we do?" I'm like, "Don't let your kids watch that." Be like, "Look, the icy mic, you know, that's not the icy mic that's on the internet." Okay. I understand. after. Well, it actually kind of is. I'm pretty I've actually kind of I'm pretty stout with I just don't swear. But other than that, you take out swearing, I'm the same in each class. Maybe a little more patient. Maybe a little more patient. A little more patient. Less jump cuts. Yeah, there's less I don't use a lot of jump cuts. I don't do that. All right, so we're gonna get out of here. We have to end on that. like like someone else is going to click on the thing and be Oh, wait. Let's see. Patty Malarkey was here. I was going to bring him on. Oh, Patty's in the chat. Yeah, this would be the This would be it. We'll go out. Patty will play us out. Oh, Patty Malarkey. Yo, how are you? Um, dude, I'm great, man. Um, wait, I'm holding these new headphones. Can you all hear me? Okay, that's better than what you were doing. Okay, cool. All right. Now I figured it out now. Um, uh, so I just, first of all, that was awesome. That kid calling in. That was cool. That Yeah, Seth's front. Seth's fronting like his life didn't just change. But I'm over here like trying to like Yeah. Man, how cool. How cool. Like that kid was just the second he was like, "Wait, is this really you guys?" And then I heard it in his voice. That was awesome. But anyways, uh, yeah. What's up? No, you called you. What's up, YouTube? Yeah, what's up? You No, wait. You said you went. No, he did. I heard him. I heard him. Yeah. At you, mother. Oh, okay. All right. All right. See, he's fighting words now. Um, no. Uh, anyways, uh, but I I kind of wanted to touch back real quick on, uh, couple things that some people were saying. Uh, kind of this general, um, vibe. Uh, you know, that guy Dash was saying how he didn't really even know what he was wanted to do. Um, well, he kind of did did, but uh, you guys have been like this overall theme kind of today of like have fun, make sure it's fun. Have fun. Go for it. And um that is intensely important because like what a revelation I found of like what I want to do figured out the passion uh is because like I never lost things that I liked doing. Mhm. And so it's so intensely important to to keep doing the things that you like that you just find fun that release a little dopamine like you know it could be anything like for that kid like nunchucks dude. Yeah. But uh it's like uh keeping that um like when you get older and later down in in life when you get better at what you're doing um like avenues open up and you can actually What's funny is I'm glad you said that cuz it's something I didn't touch on. You know, I'm trying to tell people that they should pursue their passions and dreams and that it can not only be fulfilling, it can also be lucrative. Like I'm trying to sell you on the idea that, you know, you can make nunchuk videos on YouTube, make a living doing that. Um, and the the thing is when I I failed in YouTube for a long time and Seth and I have talked about this. Um, I I told Seth uh Seth do you remember early on how remember the basic gist of when you said how do you make how do you make money on YouTube? Do you remember my like the paired down stripped down one sentence version of my advice on how to make money on YouTube? Uh yeah, it was it was essentially along the lines of you don't try, right? You don't try to make money on YouTube. Exactly, man. Exactly. You have fun. You have fun. Like genuinely, you don't pretend to have fun. And you know what? That that that advice kind of flies in the face of if you look at like the Logan Paul's and the FaZe Clans and stuff like that where it's just like just like this cycle of like flexing and like, hey, we're YouTubers, so watch videos about us being YouTubers. If you really are super passionate about tacos or surfing or taekwondo or nunchucks or uh kempo or kempo, I can never remember which it is. M. It's an M. Mike with Kempo. Kempo. Kempo or with uh music with you Patty Malarkey. Um, if you are super passionate about it and you just pursue it purely and passionately and then figure out quite separately how to monetize that, you can make that a job. You know, if you try to make music that will make money, it's it probably is not going to work unless you already are an expert at doing that. But if you make music and then you get in chat rooms or you get online or you talk to people or you do what Patty does and like reach out to YouTubers and make friends and make connections and not for any ulterior motives but just to have fun, doors open, people feel that. People can tell that it's real and they'll support what you're doing. And I I think one part that like people miss out on is when you when you have something that you do for fun and you do it for a while, you start to recognize like which points are missing and like what where it needs Yeah. You get good at it. What you get good at it and you realize what things you can do to add to it that other people aren't. and a lot of the making money of it. That's why I told Dash to start doing like the studies on taekwond do and psychology because eventually what happens is like you look into it enough you realize that there's something missing and that's when it clicks. Yeah. And because it's something you enjoy, you do it over and over and over and you get that pattern and you recognize when a piece of that pattern is missing. You're like, "Oh, I have that." You can you can get good. And here's what's so crazy about our modern era when it comes to like pursuing your dreams and passions. You can get good at things that people don't even know you can be good or bad at. Uh like an easy example is I have an older client and she struggles with dating cuz she doesn't know how to text. And like she showed me texts that she's sending to guys and I'm like what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you texted that? And to her it was like a normal thing to say and I was like no. She's like yeah he never called. I was like, I wouldn't either. That's terrible. But it was just her like not knowing how to text and not knowing that you could be good or bad at texting. My um uh my my management guy, he sends emails to these companies and gets like awesome responses right away and gets exactly what he wants. And I'm like when I before I had him and I used to do it, I'd like send him the emails and I felt like I was doing the same thing he's doing, you know? I'm like, why would I need a guy to do that? I do that. It never worked. But he's good at He's good at talking to people in emails. That's a skill that he can use. He can do the thing that he's excited about doing, but he has a skill that didn't exist 10 years ago or 20 years ago or whatever. Yeah. And you know, it probably it's because he has fun talking to people. And like uh that's the like the the key is like have as much fun as possible doing something and then later down the line who it could become a lucrative profit. Yeah. It's easy. It's probably easy for him. He probably would have done it any you know it's it's like it's like me giving me holding pads for people, you know. It's like the reason why it's just when I started this making music, it just happened so quickly is because I'd had years of just messing around. Dude, the first time we paid um I recently brought on a new guy on the channel and the first time I paid him, he was like he was like, "What?" I was like, "Yeah." He said, "I would have no this was that was it." I was like, "That was work, dude. You came to work today." He's like, "I'd have done that for free." So if you're doing something that you would do for free, like you would make music for free. So when someone goes to pay you for it, you're like, "Oh, oh, okay. That's cool. That's I would I feel very strange about it." Actually, I'm glad you brought that up. Um, I I know you guys got to go, but uh like uh the the whole idea of taking money for it is scary to me because I I don't want it to take away from the creative side of it because I have fun doing my songs and I got you. Like, yeah. And so, yeah, I don't know. No, my brother's trying to pay me and I I just told him like uh because he's starting a YouTube channel and he's I'm writing all his backing music and um he wants to pay me but I said dude we'll just trade service right that's fine that's still a form of payment that's it's you know exchange of value so about that I do have something I can say about that and we can we can uh go out on that um it was super hard for me to start accepting money for something I would do for people for free and and that I was passionate about and then I got fulfillment out of it. You know what I mean? So if we were like training, I was doing kickboxing lessons in the garage, I loved doing that. I'd have done that all day long. You come over and hit pads and hit the bag and I you know I and then so asking for money for something that is fulfilling to you is scary at first. It is tough. You don't know how to price yourself. You don't you feel weird. But if you're good at it and they're getting value out of it, you deserve it. it does get uh easier whether or not you're being pure about it and whether or not you're doing like like with sponsorships, I've turned down a lot of them. I said no to a lot of them. I said no to a lot of money. Yeah. Right. A lot of money I said no to. And uh but long term I think it and and I would say that being selfless is being selfish because longterm I think that'll actually be even better for me. But whether or not you let it spoil you is up to you. But there is something to be said. It's like people that are in the in the I guess the the adult film industry that don't want to do it for free anymore because they get paid to do it, you know, or if you move furniture. You don't want to help someone move if you get paid to do it. Was that a Drake line? I'm pretty sure that was a Drake line. Is it? It should be. I'm basically the same thing as Drake. I have as much swag. Yeah, definitely. Definitely as much swag. as much cultural relevance as Drake. So, I'm basically the same thing. Patty, the way the way I had to think about it was like payment was a way to filter um not importance, but like it was it was a way to filter how much I was doing. Yeah. And Yeah. It it and it it puts them on the hook and they have skin in the game. And I don't do what I I don't I always say I don't do this for the money, but I need the money to do it. Yeah, exactly. If if like your brother uh is an amazing artist, right? Yeah. He's amazing. If he had if he wasn't able to make a living doing art, he would be able to do less art and then less people would get it. Less people would be able to enjoy and experience his art if he had to do less of it if he was working at Walmart and painting on the weekends. Same thing with a musician. You know, if you just are I'm in it for the for the art. I'm in it because I'm passionate about it. That's why I work at a coffee shop for 60 hours a week and play my guitar for two hours a week. It's like, yeah, but less people get to hear you play guitar. Why don't you play guitar? Why don't you play covers to make some money and then work your originals in and you're making more people happy and more people are experiencing your music. Yeah, there's there's a line and but that's up to the individual artist or creator or business person to decide where that line is for them. Okay. Yeah. But don't be afraid to don't be afraid to know what you're and and you'll don't be afraid to ask ask for what you're worth. Okay. All right. Yeah. Cuz uh and and I I guess just right now it's like um instead of it being like uh a thing that I want to do, I'm scared that it would become a thing I needed to do. That's up to you. It's that's totally up to you. I I've felt that too. I felt that like like when I have to make a video, it's not a video I thought of, but it's like someone a video that somebody's paying for. That's I've experienced that and I'm like that sucks. So then I just don't do it. I just don't do it. When the when the when the management sends me, hey, do you want to do this? I think if I can think up a cool video idea, and if I can think up a cool video idea, I say yes. And if I can't think up a cool video idea, I say, nah. Yeah. Okay, cool. Yeah, you have a manager because um Yes, I have a man. I have a manager. Dude, we didn't talk about this. Oh man, I'm holding out on you. I'm holding out the secrets. Yeah, I have management. I have management. That's cool. Yeah, dude. Yeah. Um uh Okay, so I'm just gonna Seth is like gonna be like, "What is it? I swear I told you about this, Seth. I don't know. It's working out really well for me. Other aspiring YouTubers, I recommend it. If you can find a good one, it works really well. We got to go. We got to go before we peel back too many layers of this onion and people see the inside of it. Yeah. I've got to go look for managers. Yeah. Thank you guys so much. Patty Malarkey, thank you so much. And thank you for that wonderful song. Um Oh, yeah. Of course. And uh Oh, I do have to take this one. We'll take this one. We got one more. I'm sorry, guys. This is about the kids. I'm doing it for the kids. What's up, bro? How are you doing? Good. Doing good. Um, why aren't you in bed? I'm not tired. You're not tired? You need to get sleep. Sleep is how you become stronger. It's how your body heals and recovers from your training. Okay. I have a question. Okay. Why can't you be like the other kid? That's my question. Oh, you wrong for that. What's up, dude? What's your question? Why um when are you going to do another um like martial arts video on your YouTube channel? Oh, this astute little viewer has noticed that we've gone more to the self-defense weapons and less of the kickboxing and boxing stuff. Is that what you're saying? Yeah. And flashlights. Listen, listen, dude. Hey, sounds like he's got beef. Yeah, dude. This kid's this kid. The first time he called in, he was like, "Yo, hey, I'm a big, you know, now he's getting he's acting like he Hey, hey, you're just like my son. You're getting too big for your britches. You think you own the place?" You know what I mean? Would he really be a true fan though? No, he's he's cool. He's cool. He's good people. Listen, uh you're right. You're right. I've been doing less. So, what we've been doing to peel back yet another layer, how how it works the is you do what's called batching where we record a bunch of stuff at once and uh edit it all at once and then we kind of like um release it over time. So, we put a bunch of weapon stuff together and then we put out a bunch of weapon stuff and then the people that are interested in weapon stuff that kind of helps them get more of it. And then probably next month is going to be uh way more kickboxing and boxing stuff. And so, but that's actually a good observation because there was there's been less martial arts stuff and more weapon stuff, but it just comes in cycles. And then uh if I can get out far enough ahead with the batch recording, then it'll become it'll become a there'll be a month of like comedy stuff where I do impressions or I do skits and stuff like that. But that's the reason that it kind of works out that way is cuz I record basically all the videos that you're seeing are recorded over the course of a week and then that comes out over the course of four weeks and then we do another week long uh shooting. And uh Sensei, Seth and I will be doing a lot of filming here soon and that'll probably be all mostly martial arts related. Mhm. But I do enjoy the videos that you you've been posting. I understand. I I I do enjoy them, but I I was just curious when like And I got to think of more I got to think of more stuff, dude. I'm all out of like ideas. Like I showed all my stuff. I showed everything that I was willing to show on the YouTube channel. Been working on some courses. Courses coming out soon. But uh I got to come up with more stuff. But you're absolutely right. I'm gonna get right on it. I appreciate your call, man. All right. Thanks. Thanks for having me. That little guy acting like he owns a place now. That's like when Maddox walks in and he's like, "What's up?" Maddox will show up at the studio and walk in and just be like, "What's up?" I'm like, "What do you mean, what's up?" Like, "Why are you talking to me that way?" Hey, coach. I was thinking we work on Yeah, exactly. I'm like, "Do what? Anyway, this has been Icy Mike and Perfect. This was a fun podcast. Uh really interesting to talk to people about their passions and dreams, martial arts related or otherwise. Um thank you everyone who called in and uh we will see you soon. Oh, I never told that joke. I just I just need