Kind: captions Language: en We are living in a universe where it's more likely that we see a boxing match between Anderson Silva and Chael Sonnen than an MMA fight between Conor McGregor and Mike Chandler. Normally, when I say something that crazy, you could dismiss it as I'm insane or I'm trolling or this is just the ranting of a time traveler from some alternate timeline. No, this is happening in your world right now. It was announced earlier this week and it's happening on Saturday. This is happening. I don't know how it's happening. I don't know why it's happening and I'm pretty sure this whole thing is a work, but it's happening. They're doing all the fight week activities. They're doing media. They're doing open workouts, which I'm going to talk about. I'm also going to tell you who's going to win this fight. I'm going to tell you how they're going to win the fight. Spoiler alert, by the way. But I think it's important that I explain why I think it's a work. If you don't know what a work is, I do need to explain that term so I don't offend or confuse. A work is a pro wrestling term and some people think that a work means it's fake. That they're not synonyms. A work doesn't necessarily mean something's fake. In pro wrestling, they really hit each other in their real heads with real steel chairs and give each other real concussions. It's all very real. So, while I don't think there's too much that's fake about it, that doesn't make it not a work. To understand what a work is, you could silently add together to it. You could say that Anderson and Chael are doing a work together. But that term sounds silly. It sounds kind of like a playdate, which, you know, I guess that's what they're doing. I guess Anderson and Chael are having a playdate and pretending that it's a boxing match. Now, I want to be clear, just cuz something's a work doesn't mean it's fixed. I don't think that either of these two men would willingly participate in a fixed fight, which some numbskull in the comments is probably pointing out the Jake Paul-Anderson Silva fight cuz they just can't accept the fact that Jake Paul was the better boxer on that night. I know, that's hard to swallow. There's different levels of collusion. This isn't anything new. This isn't the first time this has happened. It's not even the first time these guys have done it. It's not even the first time they've done it together. But I don't think it's fixed. I think they're going to go in the ring and I think they're really going to try to punch each other and I think they're really going to try to win and that might beg the question, Mike, if they if you think they're going to really try to win, then how is that a work? Well, that's because I don't think that you and I are the actual marks here. I think it's whoever's paying for this that Chael and Anderson are pulling the wool over their eyes. I don't know whether this is oil sheiks or this is some sort of eyes wide shut thing, but somebody with some deep pockets has decided to rent a couple of UFC legends for the afternoon and pretend that something important and interesting is happening. And I got no problem with that. Uncle Chael, get your bag. But something about this just doesn't feel right. Chael did this little skit at the open workout where he's putting rocks in his gloves and showing how he gets away with it to the reporters. It's hilarious. It was well constructed. The the choreography, the blocking, the way he he did a thing where he turned away and then turned back and he shows the reporters how he can get away with putting rocks in his gloves. It was brilliant. It was well written. It looked rehearsed, which, by the way, Chael, if you rehearsed that, it's still amazing. But if you did that live for the first time, the turning and turning back and showing the glove, that it was it was great, but it just didn't feel right. It didn't feel like classic Chael hype and you might, again, be, Mike, what are you talking about? When Chael said that he saw the Nogueira brothers trying to feed a carrot to a bus, nobody believed that he actually saw that. And no one believed that he believed anyone believed he actually saw that, if you follow. But what we did believe is that he was calling them stupid. He was calling them ignorant. Like he was. When he said, "Anderson Silva, you absolutely suck." None of us think that Anderson Silva sucks. He's one of the best ever do it. But we believed that Chael wanted to hurt his feelings. We believed that part. And that's the beauty of a work in pro wrestling is we know that the outcomes are predetermined. We know that they're cooperating, but sometimes they say and do things they say things that are true. They'll use each other's real name. They'll really kick each other in the face every once in a while. And we're like, "Damn, was that real?" No, Chael's bit with the rocks was just slapstick. It was well constructed, well executed, excellent slapstick, but slapstick nonetheless, which has never been on brand for Chael Sonnen when he's hyping a fight. As for Anderson Silva's comments before the fight, he said he's glad that Chael won't be able to take him down and that's an advantage for him. What? Who is that for? That's just like very clumsy exposition. That's that's bad writing, which I guess would be another thing that these two men have borrowed from professional wrestling for this uh exhibition. Which, speaking of, like what's going to happen during this exhibition? They're calling it an exhibition, which implies a certain level of agreement or collusion. Everyone gets it. That's kind of a abstract way of saying, "Are these guys going to really try?" I think they are really going to try. I think they're really going to try to punch each other. I can tell you exactly what's going to happen, by the way, if you It's going to be pretty interesting. I think it's going to be pretty tense in a few moments. So, if you want to watch it and enjoy it, don't watch the rest of this video. Instead, go watch uh Chael did a video once about cheeseburgers. It's phenomenal. Go watch that instead. Come back to this after the fight. But if you want to know what's going to happen, I can tell you exactly what's going to happen. I will be surprised if Chael lands a single clean punch the entire fight. I'll be absolutely flabbergasted if he lands five. For a couple of 50-year-old dudes, these guys looked pretty good in their open workouts and if you don't know what you're looking at, Chael might even look passable with his boxing, but Chael Sonnen suffers from something called MMA boxing syndrome. And that's what happens when an MMA fighter, who's primarily a grappler, enjoys a certain amount of success, he's able to afford a really good pad man. Now, a really good pad man can make you look and feel like a million dollars, even if your boxing is terrible. These MMA fighters, they'll put on their little shoes and get in the ring. The guy will call out combos and he'll just make them look and feel great. He'll make them look and feel like boxers. And then it's a bit of a self-fulfilling prophecy because they'll go in the cage in an MMA fight and have some success with the striking, but all of that success is predicated on the idea that there is the threat of a takedown. When you remove that, which Anderson Silva so eloquently pointed out in his pre-fight media, it the the the boxing is it's it's not even rudimentary. If you don't box, you might not know that cuz he looks great on the pads. He looks absolutely wonderful. Uh the jab sounds good. He's got that telegraph in the other hand going way up, but his lead hook is pretty good and his uppercut looks great. But you're smoking crack if you think Anderson Silva's ever coming anywhere near close enough for that uppercut to land. It ain't happening. And the main reason that it ain't happening is because Chael is a right-handed southpaw. Now, right-handed southpaws are a dime a dozen. You can take a hundred right-handed southpaws, 99 of them are absolute trash, couldn't fight their way out of a wet paper bag, and one of them will be a world-class athlete, but he's not a world-class athlete because he's a right-handed southpaw. These idiots will tell you that they stand that way because they feel more comfortable, whatever that means, or they like having a stiff jab for whatever purpose. Who knows? Who cares what they say? Chael Sonnen stands southpaw because he is a wrestler first and you wrestle with your strong side in front, typically. So, it would make sense that when he transitioned to MMA and he learned some striking, that he would stand southpaw cuz he's using his striking to support his grappling. The only times that Chael Sonnen has ever been successful standing up and throwing his hands, there's been two times he's ever been successful doing that. One is when there is the threat of a takedown and two is when he's paying a guy a hundred bucks an hour to hold pads and make him look and feel good. Anderson Silva, on the other hand, is a world-class striker, one of the best to ever fight under any rule set with boxing skills, Muay Thai skills, upright clinching and grappling, head movement, footwork. He can fight from either stance and while he's never won a round against Chael Sonnen, he has won two fights against Chael Sonnen. I think it's hardly a spoiler to say that Anderson Silva is going to win this fight, but I can go a step further and tell you exactly how he's going to win this fight. Am I saying that Chael has no chance? Obviously, he has something that he never enjoyed as a grappler or in wrestling, which is a puncher's chance. There's no wrestler's chance or grappler's chance. But if you're a grown man with two hands, you could theoretically land a good punch. He could land a punch. I just don't think he will. Chael's going to come out southpaw with awkward shuffling, bad footwork and he's going to throw these like very, very poor jabs and maybe try to run through some of these combos that his pad man taught him that are not designed for southpaws. His pad man just taught him some basic vanilla combos, which is not how you box as a southpaw. He's not going to cover the lead hand. He's going to get tired really fast. If Anderson Silva chooses to stand southpaw as well, he's going to outbox him. He's going to bob and weave and just put combinations on him all day long. But if Anderson Silva chooses to switch to orthodox, we will now be in an open stance battle, which is even more confusing and more complicated for the novice to intermediate striker. It's almost a different martial art. It's not the same thing at all. If Anderson Silva chooses orthodox, he will feel like he's a million miles away from Chael. Chael will never get to him. He will just seem impossibly far away. Chael is going to step his lead foot to the inside of Anderson Silva's lead foot, a tendency that wrestlers have cuz it makes sense for their types of entries. And Anderson Silva's going to hit him with his right hand as many times as he wants. Now, this is all compounded by the fact that Anderson Silva could switch between orthodox and southpaw at will. Now, wait, you're probably thinking, well, Chael is you know, one of the dirtiest players in the game. He's already uh joked about, you know, cheating and and obviously, you know, what? He's he's going to compete. He's going to go in there and compete, not box. So, maybe he's going to try to tie him up, clinch him, wear on him, hang on him, make it dirty, make it ugly. Anderson Silva is a master of the clinch. And I would argue infinitely more experienced and skilled in the upright type of clinching common in boxing and Muay Thai and other striking sports. If Chael Sonnen cannot change levels, he cannot threaten Silva. There's no overhand. If there's no takedown, there's no MMA overhand. It's not happening. Anderson Silva is going to be a ghost. Chael Sonnen is going to come up with nothing but air. He's going to lumber forward. He's going to miss. He's going to stumble. He's going to look foolish. He's going to be sweating. His mouth will be hanging open. He's going to tire instantly. I believe that this fight will end in a stoppage early. Because yeah, they called it an exhibition, but they say there's going to be a winner, either by decision or stoppage. And Anderson, I don't think he's going to try to hurt Chael, but he is going to try to get him out of there early. Because he you have to give the man a modicum of respect. Like he is a grown man with two hands. So, Anderson's going to try to get him out of there. It's going to be easy for him. I think when the fight ends, Chael will be sweaty, mouth hanging open, flushed, turning colors red and white and pink and everything. His hair is going to be a mess. And he's going to be complaining to the ref, like, what are you doing? I'm good. I'm still in here. And the ref is going to save him from himself. That's how I think this fight's going to end. Both men on their feet, Chael having not landed much, if anything. Complaining to the ref that he can keep going. And Silva with a smile on his face. So, who's going to win is not that interesting a question. How they're going to win, not that interesting. Why this fight is happening, well, obviously money. Beyond that, who cares? No, the burning question to me is does Chael think he can win? Obviously, he knows that Anderson's the favorite. Obviously, he knows that that's the correct assessment on paper. But I want to know, like, does he what does he really think? Like, what does he think his chances are? I think if you ask him right now and he's doing his bit, he'd say, oh, for sure. I can I can do this. I can beat him. And if you ask him in 5 years, I bet he'd say, nah, man, I was never going to beat him. I was just trying to get paid. We were pulling the wool over some some sheik's eyes or some some guy who wanted to impress all his friends by having this event or whatever is happening. I don't know. Who cares? No, my burning question is in 20 years, what will Chael say about this? Damn, I would love to know. Cuz I think that he thinks he can do it. I think he has a trick play. I think he has some sort of Hail Mary, some sort of thing he can do. He can always catch people with at least one time. And I think he's like, I could hit that. I think he's gambling. And he's he's thinking he could do it. And Chael's a bit of a modern-day Sun Tzu anyway. And Sun Tzu would tell you to let your plans be as dark and impenetrable as night. And when you move, fall like a thunderbolt. So, I think that might be sort of why Chael's hype around this is different than it has been in the past. Besides the fact he's probably just tired and uh just cashing in. I think he thinks he can do it. I think that he believes in his puncher's chance. And he'll I may have said it a time or two. If you're a grown man with two hands, you've got a puncher's chance. Maybe even a little more if those two hands are connected to the biggest arms in Westlin, Oregon. [Music]