Kind: captions Language: en Anytime you try to have a discussion about tactics for solo clearing your own home, some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] will come along and interrupt you and he'll say, "Actually, you should never do that. You should barricade yourself and wait for the police." Maybe he means well, I kind of don't think he does. And while I can't turn you into a tier one operator overnight, there are tips and tricks for regular dudes so that you don't have to call 911 on your ice maker. When a guy tells you you should never solo clear your own home, either he's an idiot, he thinks you're an idiot, or probably both. But let's make sure we get the scenario straight, cuz that's the problem with these guys. We're talking about a typical bump in the night scenario. You hear a noise and it's your job to go investigate and you go do it with a gun. Of course, if you know for a fact that someone is in your home, you should probably barricade yourself and wait for the police. Except for the times where you shouldn't. That's the scenario. These guys, I call them proud little cowards. They're the same ones that tell you that the best technique for self-defense is to run away. And it's just so that they don't have to actually do anything or think anything or make any decisions and they get to sort of like brag about that. We're going to assume that you're going to go investigate with a gun. It can be any gun. It can be a long gun. It can be a rifle, a shotgun, or a pistol. I'll talk a little later about why I choose a pistol. But two things must be true about it. You must be familiar with its operation and it has to have a light. Your home defense firearm has to have a light on it. It is mandatory. There'll be more idiots down there talking about you should never identify targets with a weapon mounted light. Dude, shut the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. Your home defense firearm must have a light on it. And that does not preclude you from also having another flashlight on you. This beautiful piece of hardware is the Olight PLX. OITE is the sponsor of this video. This light has replaced the Surefire X300 on my home defense handgun. It does everything I need a weapon light to do. It has the features I want and it functions exactly how I want it to. If you hold the actuator down and then let go, it turns off. But if you quick click, it stays on. If you double click it while it's on, you get a brighter light. If you triple click, you get a strobe. But the strobe is stupid. You don't need it. Uh I've covered that before. But it's really two lights because it also has on top of the flood light, it has a spotlight with a lot more throw. It's powerful, it's compact, and it looks cool. And if you've been put off by the proprietary magnet charging, it's USB type-C, baby. First thing we're going to talk about is grip and stance. Remember when I said this was going to be tips and tricks for regular dudes? Yeah, we're going to start at the beginning. Most of the instructors I know won't change your grip or your stance so long as you're hitting the target. I'm more concerned about your grip and your stance when you're not shooting, though. Because there's two things that we need to get rid of right away. This is the first one that needs to go. This one right here. I can't stand this. Walking around your house or your property with a gun in your hand by your side. It's dumb. It's whack. It's lame. It's useless. You need to quit doing it. If you were to be surprised by a bad guy, and I know that you would be surprised by a bad guy because you are communicating that you don't actually think anyone's around, is very similar to when you're training fighters and they stand with their hands in front of their chest. It's doing nothing. It's fake. You're not ready. If something were to happen, you're not ready. It's very clear that you're not expecting a bad guy. So mentally you're going to be surprised and physically you're going to have a difficult time doing your job. I think it's mostly laziness, but I think people are also afraid of looking like a tryhard. Oh, like see how casual I am. I'm just casually I'm just casually investigating whether or not there's burglars or ninjas or assassins in my home. Maybe you come from the generation that thinks tryh hard is an insult. Speaking of tryhards, here's the other grip and stance that needs to go. And this one is going to rustle some jimmies. This [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] right here. Oh my god. This or any version of it. And I'm sure the tactical teds down in the comment sections will tell me that I'm doing it wrong. And I've been out of the game for quite some time. I don't know if they still teach this position, but I was around when it became really fashionable to teach this position. This is a method to make idiots less likely to accidentally shoot themselves or their teammates. If they have a negligent discharge, maybe it'll go into the dirt or at the worst, their teammates's calf or foot or something. This is not a ready position. It's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] lame. You don't have to be a combat expert to know that this is never right. This is never anything. You can't shoot from this. And if you get jammed like this, you are going to have a heck of a time reintroducing that gun into the fight. This is not a ready position and it's not necessary when you're solo clearing your own home. I don't think they should teach it for anything. I don't know if they do. Tactical Teds, if you're still plugged in, comment down below. Is this position still taught? I also don't like the hand behind the gun. I know why it's there. I know why they teach it that way. They don't want you to accidentally blow your own hand off while you're doing stuff. But I've got an idea. How about just don't do that? I can give you a better suggestion. I like this. I like this position for a multitude of reasons. One, it accomplishes a lot of the same stuff that this stupid [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] does. Uh, this put points the gun kind of like there at the ground over there. This one largely similar. If I get lazy, it starts to do this. You have to practice at this. It has to This is a little uncomfortable, but my wrist is straight. I can fight. I can open doors and you're far more likely to have to do [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with your hand than shoot it out with anybody. I've cleared buildings with teams and by myself with every type of arament that there is, shotguns, rifles, handguns, what have you. And no matter what the scenario was, I almost always preferred a pistol. If I were barricading in place, I'd want a big old long gun, probably a rifle with a million rounds of ammunition and some snacks. But the two main benefits of this position are that if I am surprised, if I do come around the corner and I am accosted in close quarters, I have a free hand that's mostly clear of the muzzle and I have better chances of retaining my weapon. If he's reaching for it, he's having to reach across my body. My wrist is in a strong position. It's married to my body. And the other benefit, I can just start shooting. You do have to practice a little bit, which I've done. But this is Dude, if you're if you can touch the guy, you don't have to light up those sights, buddy. You can just start shooting. Speaking of coming around a corner, what should we do when we get to one? There are times to go fast. Maybe we'll get to those. I want to be ready and take my time and be in a shooting position. If I knew that this corner was a problem, like I knew a person could be there, I might do this from a retention position, but I know that it's not cuz it's my house. So, I actually want to be in my firing position and then get just my muzzle out, just my eyes. Uh, having your light with a a momentary option is important because you don't want to be sitting behind cover illuminating yourself. Um, light discipline is important. You want to be in the dark and have them in the light as much as possible. So, momentary is important. And then using we're using this this leg if we Excuse me. It's a bit of a side squat. That's what we're using. We're using our leg muscles to get ourselves out there. Using that momentary light to get information and steal information from him. I'm going to do this carefully. Just getting the information I need. I see that pantry door. That pantry door becomes my next problem. Now, if you see something, we're done here. Then we're going to go to plan B. But if we don't, then we can start taking up more of it. Doing a dynamic building entry where you know that there are bad guys in there who are armed can be fun. You're going in with eight dudes. You're armed to the teeth. You're ready. But the times where I had to clear a building by myself 20 miles from backup in the dark when it's quiet and I don't even really think there's a guy in there. That was terrifying. If I came to a door like this, I could just [snorts] do that and then listen. I don't There's no hostages in there. I hope not. You better not be down there in the middle of the night. I don't need to know right now. That's a big problem with the human experience. We always want to know things, particularly when we're scared and nervous. We want to know [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I want to know [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And we always want to know the unknowable. You don't really have to know that much. You probably just need to shut up and listen. A lot of this home defense stuff, if you think there's someone in your home, just shut up and listen. This brings us to two points. One, you have to get the other people in your home to also shut up and let you listen. That is something you have to discuss with them beforehand along with your plan, like what they're going to do. Uh I I won't tell you mine obviously, but everybody knows what they're supposed to do. And one of those things that you discuss with your family is that they have to shut up and let you listen and let you think. And that's during any time of stress. These are all things you have to work out with your spouse and your children beforehand because there's no time for being polite in a crisis. Now, you also don't want to scare them, which brings us to another tactic. Uh it's it's a good one. Uh not a great one. Hey ladies. Uh, I'm about to get really loud. I'm going to be pretending that there's a bad guy in the home. I'm going I'm going to be very loud and very scary, but everything's fine. I'm doing a bit for a video. Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. &gt;&gt; The little coward inside all of us hopes that there's no one in there, but this is an opportunity to indulge your blood lust. You should a little bit because that mindset is just more useful and effective here. I hope he's in there. And if he's in there, he's scared. Criminals are skittish creatures. You don't have to know that he's in there to act like you know that he's in there. Put on your command voice and order him to come out. GET OUT OF THAT CLOSET. GET OUT OF THERE. COME OUT SLOW OR I WILL SHOOT YOU. Put that command voice on. Tell him what you're going to do. Tell him what you want him to do and what you're going to do if he doesn't. If you have small children, that tactic is probably not a not a great idea most of the time. Even if you live with only adults, it takes a lot of practice and training to not freak out when you hear that cuz if you do it right, they shouldn't be able to tell the difference. They should think it's real because you want the bad guy to think it's real. If you are responsible for the safety and security of your home and it's your duty to protect the people in it, I know that you're going to go investigate when you hear a noise, particularly if you don't know for sure that it is an intruder. When you know that there is a bad guy, that's the time to go fast and GO LOUD. SHOW ME YOUR HANDS. SHOW ME YOUR HANDS. GET ON THE FLOOR NOW OR I WILL SHOOT YOU. And yes, I said that if you know there's a bad guy, that would be a good opportunity to barricade yourself and wait for the police. But if you've not yet secured everybody in your home and your plan is not in order, if the bad guy is between you and your loved ones or your loved ones are not in a barricaded place themselves, this is your job, homie. It's your job to go fight that bad guy and you fight him fast and loud. Fight him to your last breath. But if it's a crackhead messing around with your VCR, I would leave him a route out. I would give him an out verbally and make sure I'm not between him and the door putting a light in his face screaming at him and he's terrified. I know that that's a bit of a controversial position because it's moderate and anytime you have a moderate opinion on something, extremists from both sides will label you an extremist from the other, but I if it's a cartel assassin sent to end my bloodline, like I'll have his head and I'll display it for his friends. But if it's like a drug addict family member, you know, I'm going to give him an out. When something is this complicated and this important as home defense is, it's idiotic to have a narrow or restrictive mindset when it comes to this. If you're the one in charge of this sort of thing in your home and you hear a noise, I know you're going to go investigate. So, I think that there are things you can do, tips and tricks, little tactics, things you can do to make it a little safer and make it make a little more sense cuz I think that's the the ultimate criteria, not what is legally justified, like am I allowed to shoot the person here? Whenever people say, "Am I allowed?" That word always I'm like, "What do you I think it allowed. Am I allowed to shoot them? What do you mean? What do you mean allowed?" I'm not speaking on legalities because they vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. And castle doctrine is woefully misunderstood on the internet. And I'm not even talking about what's morally the right thing to do. It's just what makes sense, what will have the desired outcome. But if you haven't already, go click that link down in the description below or in the pinned comment. Check out the O Light PLX low light, high beam, spotlight, flood light, strobe if you're into that sort of thing. [music]