Kind: captions Language: en I remember the gloves being way smaller than they You remember they were like 10 oz, but I think those things were like eight. They were like baby gloves. When you go from sparring in the gym in like 16 oz gloves to fighting in like eights or 10. Put my hands in them. How am I supposed to block? Luckily for you, you use a a different style of defense. But like for us, back then I was like this still. Yeah, I do remember that. I remember not being like having a proper guard and thinking I did have a proper guard. Oh man. Have you seen this in a while? Uh, no. I remember at the time being very proud and now I have a feeling I'm going to be kind of cracking on myself. I feel like a lot of people could learn from our first fight. So, I'm collecting everyone's first fight, breaking it down with them. First minute of your first round of your first fight ever. Let's get it. Boom. Well timed push kick. Boom. There's the first. So there's the first left hand you throw. Yeah. First left hand ever. And it cracked him. Yeah. I need you to throw that thing more, man. Yeah. I need you to throw that thing more, dude. Oh, I need you to throw that thing more. I'm working on it. It's scary. Oh, he got you. He's kicking the outside of the leg. Standing toe to toe right now. Early in the center of the ring. says, I see Mike shouting from the corner. See that left kick, man. That left kick. Uh, at the time you were coming from a place where they they didn't train you as a southpaw. Look at welltimed kick. But look which way you're circling. You're circling to the to your left constantly. That's funny. Go get back to that. I remember uh and you see me kind of clench my hands, but it's because I was kind of like showing a little bit of nerves right after what I had just done. I was literally about to jump on him and and choke him. I hate a touchpad. Golly, I hate a touchpad. Is that laptop new? They got different stuff in the future, man. You should see that Coke. The Coca-Cola from the future is nuts. See how the your left rear kick just looks weird. Yeah, it looks very long and sloppy. You were taught to low kick by orthodox fighters. If this guy and you if you circling to the the left like that, if this guy knew how to fight a southpaw, which is difficult to do early on, it's a very different game and a lot of people don't train specifically for it. If he knew how to fight a southpaw, you'd be in a lot of trouble circling that way. It's fine if you go all the way out. Let's make it clear. Let's make it very clear. There you go. That hurt. He's moving. Get up, dude. Yeah. I don't know what happened. This is the I remember that if he'd have thrown that straight, you'd have been in trouble. Fighting a southpaw is is complicated. We've done a couple videos. I'll link one up there if you want some overall strategies about how to destroy one of these things. Hit him. There you go. Hit it. Ow. Shintosh. Oh. Oh. Oh. So, you're a pressure fighter now. 10 seconds to go. What is this? What are you doing? I didn't know what I was, man. What are you doing? Look how crow Look how much I'm crowding myself. That could have been the end right there if I would have kept my held my distance and just hit him or had him at the end of my shots. Yes. Oh, yeah. These went the distance. I always forget about that. Bro, you're humongous. I was I was big, man. People will see this and be like, "Oh, you're bigger and stronger." Uh, yeah. We We You work out. You should try to be bigger and stronger. See, look at you dart darting out for that right hand. Circling to the left. Cuz you were taught cuz you were taught to punch and kick by orthodox people. Tyler. There you go. You set. That was good. Perfect range. So you should have thrown that kick. Round number. Look. Every time. Every time you throw it. Push kick, Tyler. Push kick. They've all landed. Every single one of them is landing. Throw it. Throw it. Throw it. There you go. Tyler's corner saying, "Hey, you haven't missed those. Need to keep bringing them." Tyler in the blue. Joseph in the red. Nice work. Little shor that lead that lead might have got him a little low. I don't think that was low. I I was You can see it. I was I was pissed. I knew that that didn't kick him in the nuts. He took a long time for that groin shot. I think he was feeling that pressure. Oh, that's what I'm That was an example of what we were talking about cuz slipped out of the way to the left. And look, you're following him instead of cutting off the ring. Look, you're follow You're following him. You're putting yourself towards the corner. See how you're following him around the ring instead of going back to the middle. And now look, it's working. It's fine because he's not Bro, stay on your feet, man. It's them IKF. Things are kind of slick. The rear leg punch behind kick to finish. I don't know what that was. Go back. So, this is good range management. But then, hey. Oh, round number two. Yeah, that left kick. That was good on his part to see that. Yeah, you see your left kick is jammed up cuz you're moving towards your left as you're throwing it. You're not stepping to your right to add to the kick. Boom. After watching it, he throws a lot of like for for his size, he threw a lot of like weird and off to the side. Like he threw a lot of like unorthodox stuff from both stances, too. He switched a lot. I forgot about that. Remember, he's new, too. You are southpaw. That's smiling. Do you see that? Yeah. This is This is going pretty well. uh he's new to you're a southpaw and he's not he's not it's not going well for him. So the the pressure is getting to him and that's probably why the strikes are starting to look like that. Um he had he had a few good moments where he he caught you. But what are you doing? There was that uh question mark kick. Yeah. This is where we get the standing a Yeah, you're boxing him. You're boxing him pretty good here, but that was that body kick. So, what's funny is I thought I thought I won. I have no idea what a standing a I'm like, no white corner. Why you scurry over the Where am I supposed to be? Uh it wasn't too hectic in the ring, but if if Anthony looks at you and you're not where you're supposed to be, that can stall the count. Give them time to recover. Yes, we don't want that. But you thought I'm sure you thought it was all these ferocious punches. I'm sure you thought it was all this. That was a good little kick. Well timed. He's cracking with that right hand there. You made one miss. He made another miss. So I'm sure you think it's that kick. That kick is what did it. Yeah, he he was covered up fine. That kick to the body. We we get so crazy about head hunting, but they put you in these poofy gloves, but and you got the headgear on and you're new and the then the floor is you're not used to it. When I'm telling you guys with the legs and the body, invest in that. That's what's doing it. Trouble in the corner. Time call. Anthony Buie administering the count. Hands up. Adjusting the head gear. Back to work they go. Love me some Anthony Buie. He says fight now. Tyler's letting up a little bit. Big right. to the body. Got him spinning a bit now. Right here. Oh, that's that slippery canvas. Yeah. Oh my god. Not a good moment. Just the p just the push kicks, please. Yeah. Just please go to your right and throw the push kicks. I think I was I must have been I don't do this, but I think I was looking for a kill shot. You were you you you felt like you could finish him. That's two for two. Do it again. Do it again. There you go. Left to the body. Left to the body. Left hand to the body. To the body in the corner. Got him packed up. Kick [Music] again. Bringing some pressure, but then backing off is Tyler. Joseph trying to find some space and he gets it. Karate punch to the body. Left hand to the body. Let's go. Mike trying to employ Tyler to throw it. 10 seconds to go in the third and final round. And um did you know at the end of this that you were ahead? No, because I think I still asked you. And this is a pretty one-sided beatd down. Like watching it now is wow, you were winning the entire time. No doubt that it's But if you want to be sure, you hear me yell a couple times. I said, make it clear. One of the lessons that we always teach is that like, dude, you don't know what the judges saw from their angle or what they know. Tell them a story. Champion tonight, Tyler. Tyler. How do you feel right now, Carolina in this moment? Um, definitely relieved. Felt like my definitely feel like my hard work had paid off. But I mean, shortly after you're you're ready to go again. At least I was. Looking back, what advice what advice would you give to yourself in this first fight? Try to relax more. But I just I did anybody. Yeah, I could still I I mean I know that this was from from a while ago, but like I could I could see the tenseness in my Yeah. Yeah. My hands were like locked. I think my forearms were probably flexed the whole time. Yeah. Like it's going to hurt. Do you think you're so tense because you're worried about what he's going to do to you or what you're going to do whether or not you're going to perform well? Like what what what do you think the tension was coming from? I think it was a little bit of both. I think it was more about letting go and getting hit while I was open like countered. So, you're holding on to your strikes a little bit cuz you you want to be like sure that they're going to land. Mhm. You're going to get hit and tired no matter what. Mhm. You are going to get hit. You could you could potentially never get countered. You know how you never get countered? Never throw a strike. Yeah. Don't throw a strike. [Music]