Kind: captions Language: en Do you guys want to know how to deal when a fighter is trying to use head control on you? I'm going to show you how. So, if I have if I'm using head control, and if you watch my previous videos on head control and ways to really manipulate and control your opponent, guys, make sure you guys check those videos out. you would see what what what I'm going to talk about here today in those videos. Okay. So, if I throw a jab, like I told you, you can aim to miss to get head control. I can throw a jab at Danny Danny's right ear and get him to move so I can so I can gain head control. Okay. Now, the way he's got it, the way he's got it, one of the ways he's got it can get out of head control. In the last video, we showed you a way. Now, here's another way. See, I got head control. What he can do is use the old school bobbing and weaving. See that? He's gonna put his head. I got his head. He's got to bend his waist. You got to bend your waist even more. See, that's it. Now, I can't get I can't get See, you can't get head control like that. If he stays upright, I got him. I look He can't Look, he I got I'll throw him around like a rag doll. Okay, I could throw him around and do whatever I want to do him like a ragd doll. But what he's got to learn how to do and I hear so many people talk about don't take your eyes off the opponent ever. Does anybody ever watch the old school fighters like Joe Frasier eyes went down? They have feel. They see the core. They know it. They have that feel. It's like Bruce Lee said, it's feel. You ever watch Henry Armstrong? You ever watch Joe Frasier? Even watch Nigel Ben, watch David Tua, Henry Hank, Benny Brisco, they learn how to bend at the waist. Okay, so that that's a fallacy. Like these guys, I know people are saying, "Oh, those are that's outdated." No, it's not outdated. Fighting is fighting. Fighting is fighting. Skills are skills. Okay, what what worked what worked will always work. It It has to do with the fighter and the insight and his ring IQ and his anticipation. There's always a checkmate move for the next move. But that move right there is a very good move. Okay? And I'm going to show you the next move in another video when someone tries to weave what you can do. But it doesn't mean that that move is not effective. The other person has to have the checkmate move. If he doesn't have it, he's booked. Look, if I he doesn't understand how to deal with that, that that is very very effective and it's not outdated. I had a guy back 10 15 years ago now 10 years ago Monty Mesa Clay who was the number one contender should have won a world title was fought fought with fought beat world champions before beat Eric Aken who was a world champion but beat him right after he lost the title was a world class fighter he used that old school bobbing weaving and he gave people nightmares with it okay so it ain't been outdated that was 10 years ago okay so and Danny's using it now okay So, it's not outdated. Did you not use it in your last fight? Used it beautifully. Go watch Danny's last fight. You'll see him using these techniques. Okay? So, what I'm talking about is like if I throw the jab this way and he slips this way and I got head control. If he weaves, he releases that. Okay? Bend your waist. See that? That released that right there. That just nullified all the control that I had on him. That just nullified all the control. If I put my hand on this side of his head, that just nullified all the control. So you cannot I have a hard time controlling like like that. See that? I have time controlling like that. You think he doesn't see he has to see my face. He doesn't have to see my face. People think you got to look at your face. No, you don't got to look at nobody's face. Okay? If you got any kind of fight up in you, you understand where you're at in a boxing ring. You got feel. &gt;&gt; Okay. I got my hand. See? That's old school stuff right there. Okay, he sees. You see where right? You have feel. You know the right. You know the right hand's coming. You know the hook's coming. Boom. He knows that's coming. He knows that's coming. He's got that's caught. And everybody's going to talk about the uppercuts. Well, people don't understand. Go get my old school Bob and weave. I break it all down in detail. Okay. If if you bend your waist down this way, pe people think, okay, well, I hit you with an uppercut. Well, that's when you're that's when you're using you implement other arts. Reverse crossuard. Cross guard. Right now, when I'm at this point, guess what? If I try to go to his body, guess what? Boom. He can't I can't get to his body when he's like that. When he's up like this, I get to his body. He got his hands and and the high body shots there. When he goes and bends his waist, got his cross guard, I can't get it because the body's back there. That elbow's catching. I go on this side, the elbow's catching it, okay? So, the body ain't open either. There's the tradeoffs. There's a little bit of the detail. Go get the video. I break it down for over two hours, okay, on things. So you guys will love that if you're really interested on learning old school arts that will always work. Doesn't matter 200 years from now, it'll still work. Okay? So when I got that head control on him and he that's released, right? Head control, it's released. If I throw If I throw a right hand at him and I try to use head control, it's released. Okay? If I throw a right, if I throw a a right hand, like I said, again, I got head control, it's released. If I throw If I throw a left hook and he goes underneath and I try, it's released. See, if he weaves underneath that and I try to I try to come down on his head, I can't do it. See, I throw he throws a hook and I I can't do it. He just lost me with that motion. So, like, if I have my hand on the back of your head right here, now you weave like that. I I lose it. Okay. If he's up and down and I got it, I get his head all day. I got him. I got him. Whatever I want to. I got him. Okay. Once he puts that head down, that releases it. And you could even bend your waist even more with that. Boom. See that? Down there like that waistband. Boom. Waistband. I cannot get control of his head. Okay. So, I'll come out with the next video on what I need to do when he starts to use that bobbing and weaving. Okay. The moves don't stop. He's got he's got a ch he's got a chess move. I got the next chess move. Okay. So, it talks, you know what it takes? It takes about who masters their craft, who has the better insight, who can process quicker. Okay? There ain't no cookie cutter. You do this and I do this. There ain't some like written written script. You have to have knowledge, but then you have to repetitiously practice it. Okay? These things don't happen overnight. and he's got to be ingrained in your IQ and you have to learn how to process and know when to use something and when not to use it. So don't forget to like, share, and subscribe and also go to Instagram and follow me at Tommy Kella Boxing Facebook and Tik Tok at Tommy Kell. Go to the website, get those instructions, worldclass boxing gym.com, and also get on the email list so you guys are up to date with the new stuff I'm going to be coming out with. Okay? And I'll see you guys next time.