Kind: captions Language: en Want to know how to defend and counter your opponent when he tries to slip your right hand and counter it with a left hook to the head or the body? I'm going to show you how. [Applause] One of the things you can do, and like I said, this is all knowledge right here. Knowledge is power. But again, you have to have ring IQ to know when to do things, when not to do things. Anticipation, timing, insight. Nothing in boxing is cookie cutter. But what I can do when I throw a right hand, okay, and my opponent slips the right hand. I'm gonna throw right hand to Danny and he's going to slip my right hand. Now, he could go to the body and catch me, right? Boom. He could come back to the head. Boom. Okay. But what I'm going to do is simple. Okay. I'm not going to attempt to bring my right hand back quicker. Um, I could pivot out, but today what I'm not going what I'm going to do is when I throw the right hand, okay, I'm going to just head control. You see that? Now he can't throw the punch. When I throw the right hand and he slips. Now I got head control. See that? Now people are gonna say, "Well, you ain't getting his head. If his head's up by his head, his hands up by his head. You're not going to get his hand. You're not going to get his head." Everybody got something smart to say. Okay. Now I throw the right hand and he and he and he I got the back of his head. Okay. But guess what? Let him put his head back. Hands back there. Okay. I get him even worse. Yeah, that's crazy. But someone's going to say something crazy. So, uh, if you go back like that, I take that right hand right here. Okay. And I swipe his hand. At the same time I swipe his hand. Now, he's trying to throw a hook. Boom. I'm going to beat him to the hook. Every time he's booked. Okay. So, the bottom line is is I throw the right hand and I'm going to come back with the hook off of that. I'm taking that hand and I'm he if he if he if he does if he has his hand lower, I'm just going to I'm just going to hook his head. Okay. If he has his hands on the side of his face, I still got his head. He would have to put his hands all the way back there. But even if he doesn't even if he doesn't, let's say he puts his hands right where they're at there. Okay, I can take his head, but I can also, like I said, I can take his hand. Okay, now he tries to throw the hook. I'm booked. He's get He's booked on that because I throw that right hand and I could just pull and hook at the same time. Boom. I can even go boom bam. I can I can pivot on it, too. I can throw the right hand, take his hand. Okay. I can throw the right hand off of that off of I can do it like that. I can throw the right hand. I can throw the hook and the right hand. Same time I'm pulling the hand down. Same time I'm here. I could pull the hand down and hook back with the right hand. Okay. Any kind of any kind of manipulation there is going to stop him from throwing what he wants to throw. Head control. I can throw the right hand. I can down this way and throw the hook and throw the right hand. I can just push him push him off of that off of that. I can just turn. Okay. I can always, like I said, I can just always turn out. Okay. But I can really manipulate him by taking his hand. Now I got him. Okay. All that little All that kind of stuff right there is good stuff. Um, but that's what I'm saying. Like a lot of people don't realize, you know, they throw a right hand, their natural instinct is to try to come back. Throw the left hook to the body is to try to come back and a lot of times that body shot's going to beat that. Boom. Bam. And that shot's coming. That shot's coming. Bam. That shot's coming. Bam. Or the head shots. Boom. That shot's coming. Right. But if I hit control, &gt;&gt; see what he just did? See what I just did? I just stopped all that. Stops all that. Stops all that. Now him. I can book him. Boom. Boom. Right. So that's something that just a beautiful move. Take him to the gym, you know. Um, head control. so important. All combat sports, these moves right here that I teach are they're great self-defense moves. You know, they're not just for boxing. They're great self-defense, great for MMA. Um just great moves right there. So, make sure you guys go and get on the email list on the website, worldclassboxing gym.com. Uh don't forget to like, share, and subscribe. Also go to Instagram, follow me at Tommy Kell Boxing, Facebook and Tik Tok, Tommy Kell. And I'll see you guys next time.