Kind: captions Language: en Today's video, I'm going to give you southpaws and you orthodox fighters a way that you can use your jab and your footwork against the opposite stance, okay? And this is a way that Oleksandr Usyk uses his jab and his footwork. It's a beautiful move, okay? And what he does is let's say we're that lead foot battle and now I got my front foot and he's got his front foot and we're even. Let's say we're even. It doesn't really matter where it's at, but let's just say we're even. Even if I had a little bit on the outside of him and I got the angle, okay? And I throw my jab and he's got his head right there. He'll he'll even bait his head or keep himself right there. He can bait it or he can just put himself right there. He doesn't want to sit all the way back, okay? Now, he can do that when I'm showing you when I show you this move, but it's a lot of times it's better to like get the angle this way because your head's there. Now, when I throw the jab, this is what he's going to do. He's going to take his his right foot on the outside of my left foot while he throws the jab on the inside of my jab, okay? On the inside of my jab and he's going to dip his head left into what a lot of people think is the wrong place to be because it you're you're dipping your head into the the pathway of the opposite stance's rear hand, which is my right hand if he's doing it as a southpaw. But once you land that jab on the inside and I'm surprised by it and I'm shocked by it and I'm getting hit with an I'm not going to throw this right hand at that split second, okay? So, in other words, I'm trying to really hit him with that jab. Now, when I throw that jab, he's going to slip to he's going to slip his head to the inside while he takes his foot to the outside at the same time. Now, he hits me right there and he can land that jab Oleksandr lands it vertical. He keeps the thumb up and he throws that jab right in there like that. Now, I'm getting hit at that point, I'm not throwing this right hand, okay? Now, he's got an angle to step out now because he got his foot on the outside. Now, I can I'm going to I can turn into something off of that. He can land boom boom he get me to turn, right? My next move is to turn to find him. He got the he got the initial move to the outside when I throw the jab. Now, he's got that foot. He has got that position, okay? Now, let's say I don't let's say I he doesn't move to the outside. Let's say I try to throw the right hand, okay? Now, as you can see, he's got that outside angle, so now he can slide his head over to the right and throw his left hand. He's going to beat my right hand. That's it. Even though his even though his head is in is over to the right, his foot even though his head is over to the left, his foot is over to the right, okay? So, now let's say I try to throw the Let's say I would get off and try to throw that right hand. When I try to throw that right hand, he's got the ability to throw it his left hand right with me and he's got the angle to slide his head over to the right. He's going to hit me, I'm not going to hit him. My my right hand is going over top of his left shoulder. His left hand is going right in the back of my head, okay? So, you I'm in that you we're in this position and I throw that jab at him and he hits me there. Now, I try to throw the right hand, boom, he's going to beat me on the inside. This is a game of inches. And that's exactly how that's going to go down. Now, a lot of times Oleksandr Usyk that's what he can do and that's what he does or he'll take that he'll get that outside angle on you because he stops you and stuns you with that inside slip jab, okay? He throws that jab on the inside of the right-hander, okay? And then he gets the angle off of it. A lot of times that's what he does. He gets the angle off of it, okay? He throw I throw the jab and then and then he will step around you, okay? Now, he's got an opportunity to do all kinds of different things to you, okay? Now, another little trick that I'm going to add that I don't see him use, but I'm going to give you guys another trick that you can use, okay? Is if you take that step to the outside and you throw that jab in the inside and you see I'm going to try to throw that right hand, okay? Which again, I'm just got hit with this. But again, we can go over because for all these guys that say, "Well, you're going to get hit with the right hand." I just showed you why you're not because he's got the outside angle. If I throw the right hand, he can step to the outside again, boom, he's going to beat me to it. Also, okay, what he can do is he can jam my right hand when I'm throwing it. You see what he just did? He took it right from there. He takes his lead hand. I'm going to go throw the I'm going to try to throw the right hand. And I look what he just did. And now he's going to pin me on top of it. Just super slick stuff, okay? Super slick stuff. Okay? Now, like I said again, I throw the jab I'm I'm I'm I'm at distance and I throw the jab, boom, okay? Now, I go to throw the right hand, boom. Now, and and then you see what Danny just did as well. He turns it into a pin, okay? That's just really slick stuff. High ring IQ kind of stuff. So, you guys can take that into the gym, practice it. Um use do it in partner drills like me and him are doing basically is partner drill, you know what I mean? You could continue to go over that and over it. And um you use your imagination as well. You can do it by yourself shadow boxing. Really have that visualization and creativity to really make your imagination go to another level. That's how you develop a great ring IQ. You can practice it on the bag on the heavy bag, okay? So, those are things like I said, take it to the gym, practice them repetitiously. Make sure you guys follow me on Instagram at Tommy Yankello Boxing and also at TikTok and Facebook at Tommy Yankello and also go to the website worldclassboxinggym.com and get on that email list so you guys are up to date with everything I have coming out and I'll see you guys next time. &gt;&gt; [music] [music]