Kind: captions Language: en Today's video I'm going to show you how you guys can take away the lead hand from a guy who's really has a really good lead hand. Okay. And what we're going to talk about today is guys like the Vladimir great the great Vladimir Klitschko. Um he used to actually use a move like this but you can use the same move against him. And a lot of times if you get a especially if you get a guy who's kind of keeping his right hand his right hand over there, right? But but he but again when you throw him trying to throw the jab at him, he's he he is blocking it with his lead hand. A lot of times he's block he he's just taking that and using that he's really fencing with that lead hand. He's really good with it. Okay. So what I what I would try to do with that is because it's very difficult to jab jab at him because he's using that lead hand. Okay. So, what I'm going to do is is I'm really going to try to not worry about trying to throw it to his face. Okay? I'm going to throw it over to his right hand over here. See? Because if I do that, I'm stopping him from counting with the right hand. But also, if I start to throw it over there, he's probably not going to bring it all the way over his right hand, his lead hand all the way over because, you know, that could be a little bit more dangerous where he's open for the right hand, right? So, what I'm doing is I'm jamming his right hand over that way so he can't throw the right hand. Okay? And also, I'm not trying to mess with throwing the jab down the middle where he can parry it. See where he can parry it. He He's blocking with that lead hand. Lead hand. I'm going to just I'm just skipping that. I'm saying, "Let me throw it over here." Okay. Now, I throw it over here. I get it past where his left hand is. Now, I pull and I throw the right hand. See? So, what I'm doing right there is if I'm trying to jab his face and he's just dominating with that, he's really got that lead hand and he knows how to work that lead hand. I'm going to skip that. I'm going to say here. I'm going to stay here and I'm going to jam over that way. Instead of going here, I'm going to go over here. Okay. Now, I come here. I'm taking that. I'm getting past the left hand. I'm pulling and throw the right hand. Okay. So, I'm going to throw it over here. I'm throw it over here. See? Now, from there, I'm pulling and shooting the right hand. Okay. So, that's the move. You got a guy who's got his hand over there for one and he's got his hand and we just you just sparred a guy the other day that was doing that. He's here and he was keeping his right hand here. Okay. And he was keeping his hand out, but he was keeping his right hand here. So, and he was really using this fence. He was fencing. He was fencing. He was blocking things off like that. So, like I said, like the key is is you got a guy that's like that and you're trying to throw a jab and he just he's just dealing with you like that. He's blocking everything. He's pairing, you know, that's when you just kind of like I said, you get him in a stance where you just you just pair it with that throw the right hand over that way. Throw it over to his right hand and then pull and throw the right hand. Right. So, I got you. I'm just going to I'm just going to avoid trying to jab you here cuz you got you got that. So, I'm just going to bring it out. bring it out here more because now I'm actually doing two things too. I'm daring you to really if you want to try to keep using that lead hand there now I can throw the right hand. Okay. So I I I'm like I said this is a game of of chess and being cerebral. So if I start throwing it over there. So I say you move your jab around. It's not just always about hitting a guy. It's about throwing it out there to to use it as a bait in a trap. Okay? It's a bait in a trap. So I'm going to throw it over here. He takes it all the way over there, I can throw the right hand. But if he doesn't, because he's like, "Okay, now I'm stopping him from trying to throw right hand." Conor, I'm jamming that right. I'm jamming it. Right. Okay. I'm jamming that. Okay, I'm jamming that. Okay. At the same time, I'm bring Bang. Now I'm throwing the shot. Okay. So, I'm there. Jam, jam, pull. Bam. Right hand. Touch. Touch. Pull. Right hand. Jam that right hand. Jam that right hand. Pull. Pull. Okay. If if he would try to just giving you guys ideas because this is what it's all about understanding having a strong ring IQ. If he if I start jabbing his jabbing his hand and he tries to throw he tries to let's say he tries to loop that hand over the top. Okay, tries to loop that hand over the top. Now I got this. Now I got head control. So in other words, I'm jabbing here. Let's say I'm jabbing. Okay, jabbing. Now the next time he he in see that I'm behind my shoulder and I got head control here. I can throw that's one of what one of the things the great Ray Robinson used to do is he used to throw that and guys would try to loop over the top of him. He he would just he would just turn it into head control. He turned it into head control. In other words, I'm jabbing his hand and then he decides, well, I'm going to throw something over the top of that right hand. Now I can use head control. See, I can use head control. I can throw whatever I want. Once I got the head control, I can do that with head control where he I got him here. I can turn him. Boom. That's one of the things that the great Ray Robinson used. But that's something you guys could take into the gym. [sighs] Little tricks like that can go a long way, you know, and you, like I said, you always have a second move to whatever move the other guys going to try to do. And you always have you become you get a very creative mind and that's how you become imagination and create creativity is how you be how you gain a great ring IQ and become a great fighter. Make sure you guys follow me on Instagram at Tommyian Boxing and also Tik Tok and Facebookian Kelloo and also get on the email list worldclassboxing gym.com so you guys are up todate with everything I have coming out and I'll see you guys next time.