Kind: captions Language: en Do you want to know how to use your lead hand to defend the left hook to the body? I'm going to show you how. Now, one of the slick ways that you can really deal with a left hook to the body, we talked in other videos how you can use elbow blocks, come with a right uppercut, throws a left hook to my body, I can sit into it, come back with a right uppercut. Go ahead. I can drop down into it. Come with a little a right uppercut. Okay. Um, elbow block, come back with a right uppercut. Those are other videos I have. You guys can check out all the details on those videos uh on YouTube. But what I can do here today, my lead hand is when he goes to throw his left hook to the body, I can just turn him just like that. See that? I take his shoulders. See that? Just push him right off. He goes to throw the left hook to the body. I got him. See that? He goes to throw the left hook to the body. Instead of me dealing with that, I just push him right off with my lead hand because he's turning that shoulder to throw the left hook to the body. It's going to go right off balance. So when he does that and I see that and I turn him, boom, I could throw the punch right off of it as well. So that's something, like I said, I'm going to Danny's body. That's it. That's going to throw me right off balance right there. See? Now, doesn't take much. Just enough to throw. People think these are big. It's just Look, don't th That's all I got to do. Look, that was nothing. No energy at all. And I don't want to push him real hard. I just want to push him enough. If he can't throw the punch, I can land a punch. Do it again. That That's going to throw him off right there. He can't throw it. He can't throw that once that leg goes the boom. That's all. Wham. I got him. Boom. Now here. Boom. So that's the other kind of shot. Beautiful kind of shot off of it can be like this. See, I got him right there. Now look at now look look now look what I look what I do. I can hit him with that shot. So what I can try to learn how to do is what you can do is he goes the left hook to the body. See that? Now I set up the left hook to the body because when I did when I when I turned him, he going to go to the left hook to the body. I'm I'm going to take his, but I'm turning my shoulders to set myself up for left hook up to the body. So, what I'm doing is the same time I'm blocking, I'm turning my hips counterclockwise. Okay. Very slick. He goes left hook to the body. See that? I can take it even on his elbow. He's turned. He's He's He's He's booked. Boom. I got him. Because I'm when I turn him here, I turn my shoulders. Now my hands here. Bam. I'm already in position to land it because my body turns. So in other words, I'm going here. He goes left hook to the body. I'm there. Bam. I got that. I'm not throw left hook to the body. I'm not here like this and then have to reset to throw the left hook to the body. Okay. What I'm doing when I want to set up that left hook to the body on that shot. So I'm countering a left hook to the body with a left hook to the body because of my lead hand control. It's why this is the greatest hand in all of boxing. Okay? And so when he goes left hook to the body, see what I just did? I just turn him right here. Okay? He can't throw that shot. Okay? And I got boom. I'm I got my hips set up to throw the left hook to the body. So all I got to do is be like this real nice. Now look at the position I'm in. Wham, wham, wham. I can come back with three shots. I could go wham, wham, wham. I can throw I can throw boom boom boom. Three shots. I can go here. Whack whap. Whack. Do it again. Do it again. See that? He's booked. Boom. Boom. Boom. He's booked. Okay. So, that's just a great technique right there. Like if Danny, if I'm going to Danny, it's the same thing. I go here. He's got me. See that? He learns how to throw his own left hook to the body off it. That's it. Same time he's turning me. Got it. Right. That's it. Turn yourself a little bit more. That's it. There you go. I go to the body. That little touch right there. Just We're doing it in slow motion. And I can feel I can't re I can't come back with the shot. Okay. I'm going to go left hook to the body. Look at that. Boom. He got me. just manipulate me right there. I got lift up. That's it. Great shot. Just a great shot. Okay, so that's something you can take into the gym. Don't forget to like, share, and subscribe. Uh check me out on Instagram at Tommy Kell Boxing, Facebook, and Tik Tok at Tommy and Kellog. Get on the email list on the website, worldclassboxing gym.com, so you guys are up to date with everything I got coming out. I'm going to be coming out with a lot more instructional videos. I got like 30 more videos coming eventually. Uh I've been dealing with real boxing, so it's sometimes it's very hard to get in and get these done. I will have them slowly coming out. I'll have a couple out hopefully uh by the end of the summer, early fall. Uh so make sure you guys stay tuned and I'll see you guys next time.