Kind: captions Language: en Today's video I'm going to teach you how you can counter the rear hand of the opposite stance. Southpaw verse orthodox, orthodox verse southpaw. Okay. And what we're going to talk about today is like the golden rule on how everybody talks about you got to keep your foot on the outside. Okay. Now, this is for another day. But what dictates you keeping your foot on the outside a lot of times is your stance. Because if I'm keeping my stance, if I'm sitting back like I'm always talking about and let's say he's a little bit more on his front foot, I got him or even if he's in the center, okay, he I'm back here. He's got and I'm pull and I got my my foot over to the right as a right-hander. He's a southpaw. He I'm pulling him into the web. So, when I'm pulling him into the web here to hit my hit my head, I get my foot on the outside a lot easier. But that's again, I'm going to teach that another day. But what we're going to talk about is if we're both just battling battling for outside position, what are you going to do? If I go here and he goes here, I go here, I goes here, eventually we're going to run out of space. So, something's got to give, right? And everybody talks about how you got to move that way. If you're a great fighter, you know how to set traps and go both ways. Someone doesn't tell you which way you have to go in the ring. That's the only way you can go. You go both ways. This is your ring. If you're a great fighter and you want to be or you want to be a great fighter, you have to learn how to go both ways. And you learn how to dictate. You set traps. In other words, what I what Danny can do to me is if I'm really battling to get that outside, he can give it to me. Now, when I get it when I get it now, I really think land my rear hand down the middle on him, right? So, not only should he know that he can also trigger it. In other words, I can get on the outside and he can let me have he throw a jab or something to faint and just faint the jab. So maybe I either try to throw the jab or I try to throw the the rear hand. When I throw the rear hand, a lot of times he can counter over the top with the with his left hand. But another real nice move what Pernell Whitaker did against uh Santos Cardona is throw that uppercut underneath. The guy doesn't see it. It's a blind shot. Any shots coming from up underneath are very hard to to see. Okay. uppercuts and up jabs. Things that are coming right here are easier to see when he's throwing. Like if he throws a straight left hand over the top, boom. I mean, I can get, of course, he can count me with that shot, but I sometimes even if I hit get hit with it, I can take a little bit off of it or I or I see it and I just, you know what I mean? I take I I absorb it better. Uppercuts are hard to absorb a lot of times because you never see it. And it's coming underneath from the angle. When I get that foot on the outside and he and I get that foot on the outside and I throw that right hand, I don't see that uppercut. Boom. That uppercut. I can't see that hand because of the angle he's got on me there. Okay. So, I get to the outside and I throw that. He's boom, he's hitting me. I have a better chance on seeing the one over the top so I can maybe take something off of it. But a lot of times that uppercut is devastating when I go this way and I throw that right hand. Boom. when he shoots that right that left his left uppercut as a southpaw underneath for me if he had the outside angle and he throws that left hand I'm here now see the angle his his shoulder is protect is is a little bit blinding he can't look down if he looks down he's looking into his shoulder he's looking down in his shoulder from this angle and here comes the uppercut underneath this angle right underneath the armpit a lot of times it's right underneath the armpit and your shoulder is blocking the view. So you get to the outside and I faint it and you throw the left hand. Boom. Uppercut. So in other words, he gets that outside. I'll bait him to throw the left hand. Now he throws it. Boom. See that? He gets the outside on me. I let him have it. I might faint it or I just wait. I just He's going to throw the left. Boom. Boom. Now he doesn't see it. I throw that I throw that right uppercut right underneath right underneath that left hand. See? Beautiful shot. Beautiful shot. He gets the angle. See that? Don't even got to be that far. He got that angle and I go there. So, I'm right there. That's all I got to do is go here. Or I can even just slip it. Boom. Because when I slip it, he gets on the outside of me, right? And I slip it just like that. Just turn my shoulder. It's still hidden because I can even seal it and hide it with this. Show them this. And bam. See that? Yeah. You don't see it. You don't see it. Right. So, that's another good way to do it. You can gets on the outside and I and he throws that left hand at me. I can slip it. The same time I slip it. I could raise that hand up. I slip it. Raise the hand up. Now, he sees this. He doesn't even see the uppercut. It's behind my forearm. Boom. Right uppercut. Beautiful shot. So, that's something to work on. Um, go into the gym, work on that. You could work partner drills just like me and Danny did, just working on the positioning of it. Um, getting better and better at it. Don't forget to follow me on Instagram at Tommy Kell Boxing and Tik Tok and Facebook at Tommy Kell. Get on the uh get on the website worldclassboxing gym.com. Get on the email list so you guys are up to date with everything I have coming out new. And I'll see you guys next time.