Kind: captions Language: en Today's video, I'm going to give you guys a way on how to break the Philly shell. And it's a way that Oscar de la Hoy used early on in the fight with Floyd Mayweather, and he had great success with it. What he was doing is when Floyd would be in that position of the Philly shell, when he would be in that position right there where he's in the roll position, what Oscar would do is he would he was jabbing on the inside. He would jab on the inside of his shoulder in his pec area and it was throwing Floyd out of rhythm of being able to roll and come back with his right hand. Okay? And he he would hit him he was hitting him right in that pec. Right in that pec. See? And he's opening them up when he's doing that. He's he's jarring him off and he's opening them up right there. He's hitting him right in there. Okay. So now the right hand doesn't have anything on it. Okay. and he's able to land his own right hand, able to throw it and get get his offense started. Okay, he's just throwing him out of and he's back and he was backing him up with it. He's putting him up against the ropes with it. A lot of a lot of what he was doing is like I said, right there, right there, right there, right there, right there. And then he's trying to throw his punches. Once he would get him back to the ropes, then he would try to throw his punches. So, that was just a just a great move right there. like he's really putting that jab right in right in the pec area. Okay, where the pec connects to the shoulder is where he's putting that jab. Okay, and he is throwing him totally out of rhythm. And that's just a great that's just a great strategy. If you throw if you throw the jab where you're throwing it, okay, to the shoulder, you know what I mean? or you throw with the right hand. That's what he wants because he rolls with the shoulder. Okay? So, that's something where he's there. See, he's there. Now, if he goes in there and you try to create it where you throw it, you open him, you open him up. Now, you open him up, you take the right hand away. If you throw for the shoulder, if you throw for the shoulder with a right hand, I mean, that's what he wants. Okay? If you're throwing for his jaw, he rolls with it. Okay? And he comes back with it. Okay? So when this here, what he's doing is anytime he gives you that position, if he closes it completely up, then what you could try to do is throw the under jab to throw it that way. Okay, you're in that way, throw the under jab, the under jab to throw it that way. Okay, what I call the under jab. A lot of people call that an up jab, but you can throw it that way to get so you get the angle of that position where you can open him up. See what it just did with his leg, too? take him and then just boom, open him up. Okay? Because if he's in that closed up position, he's going to come right over the top with his boom. He can roll that and throw right over the top. So, what I got to do is I got to get him here. But if he gets a position where he's more 45 and he's had that has that opening where he's more 45 here, he's giving you that pec now. You got it. Okay? So, that's something that you have to, like I said, process in real time. You got to practice it. know the positioning of of what how it can work. Throw, like I said, you might have to throw an under jab to get that to get get him to open up if he's really got it closed. But if he's got it in this position, he's giving you that pec. He's giving you that position between the shoulder and the pec right in that crease. That's going to throw him off and open him up. Don't forget to like, share, and subscribe. Also, follow me on Instagram at Tommy Kell Boxing, and also Tik Tok and Facebook, Tommy Kell. Also, go to the website worldclassboxing gym.com and get on that email list so you guys are up to date with everything I have coming out. And I'll see you guys next time. [music] Heat. Heat. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; I'm going to teach you guys the art of softball verse [music] orthodox defense and counter punching techniques so you can dominate the opposite stance. [music] What he's doing is he's picking up an angle off of that block. Make that left foot go back so he sits up to the rear. [music] You dictate [music] the foot position by your stance. Instead of chasing it, you allow your opponent to give you. So now when he throws that one, boom, I drop my left shoulder. Now I don't in position. Boom. Hit him here to the body. When I catch the jab and I carry my hips are going this way for the uppercut. [music]