Kind: captions Language: en Do you want to know how you can aim to miss with your lead hand to create head control and then give you the opportunity on landing punches? I'm going to show you how. So, what we can do here with our lead hand, like I said, this is the this is the number one hand in all of boxing, is I'm gonna I can aim to miss with my lead hand. Everybody's Everybody thinks that jabbing is just jabbing to hit the guy where we You have to learn how to get control of your opponent by all kinds of things that I showed in previous videos, hypnotizing them, throwing throwing the jab in spots to create a distraction. And then here today, what you can do is you throw your jab in certain spots to get the opponent to try to counter to try to counter. So you can use head control to counter the counter. In other words, if I throw a jab I throw a jab over by his ear over that way. Okay, maybe his snap. See what he just did right there? He moved his head there. I got him. You're gonna say, "Well, how did he he slipped the punch and he's gonna throw the hook on the inside? Maybe he's gonna throw the hook on the inside. Throw the hook." Boom. Right. I'm not gonna let him do that because that's my whole agenda. That's my ring IQ. My ring IQ is is not to do that. That's the way how you have to learn how to develop once you once you once someone gives you this knowledge, you learn how to take it in the gym and really utilize it enough and you develop a ring IQ. When I when I throw that jab over here, I'm doing it purposely. I'm aiming to miss. I want him to slip when I throw it over towards his right ear. I want him to slip to the inside and I want him to try to throw the hook because now I got head control. Now he can't throw the hook. Okay, he can't throw it. Boom. I got the uppercut. Boom. I got the right. I got whatever. See, as soon as I throw it over there, I got it. I got He ain't going to do nothing. I got his head. I got everything. In all combat sports and wrestling, once you get the guy's head, you manipulate his whole body. Okay. So, I'm g I'm I'm going to manipulate him where I'm throwing it over here. I'm aiming to miss because I want him to just I want him to slip a little bit more. Okay? And his natural reactions from his peripheral vision in his brain when I throw something over by his over by his right ear, he's going to move to his left. Unless he's an idiot, he's going to move right into the punch. And then then he runs into the punch because he he I'm throwing and he runs right into the punch. His natural reaction is going to be to move to the left. Okay. And what I got right there is I got my head control. I just went from right there to head control. He can't throw anything. He's off. I got him. Okay. So, I'm aiming to miss over there. So, the other way I can I can aim to miss over towards his left here. He's going to go that way. I got him. If he tries to slip while I throw that jab and tries to throw a right hand because one of the great punches that Julio Cesar Chavez used to do is he used to slip to the inside and throw the right hand over the top which you still got it. And this is what Sugar Ray Robinson used to do a lot. He used to throw it over there towards the ear and the guy would slip to the inside trying to throw the right hand. They still can't do it because he's got that head control and the shoulder is going to block it because why? because he knew to sit back on his back leg. And when he threw his punches, he always synchronized his hips into his punch. So, he was in good positions. He's not throwing the jab like this. See that? That's a big difference. It's all the difference in the world. Watch. If I throw the jab, he now I can't use. He's going to hit me. But if I sit back and I throw the jab, now he can't do it. Now I got head control on top of it. Bam. Ray Robinson used to do that all the time. and he throw it and used it against Bo Olsen. Throw that jab over there. It's real sneaky stuff right there. Okay, so he's throwing it over there. He's throwing it over there, he's got a he's got an answer for whatever you throw. If he goes there and you throw the he throws the hook, he's got you. If you throw the right hand, he's got you. Okay, again, you slip on the inside, throw the hook, he's got you. Okay, if he throws the jab, you throw He's got you. That's going to come short. Again, if I'm throwing a jab and leaning like all these geniuses out there, they think you push the jab, push the weight on the front foot and take their head to their knee, they're going to get hit. Okay? They got their weight on their back foot. Old school boxing. Old school's the best school. They're here like this. Boom. They got Look, I got that. You ain't You ain't doing nothing. You ain't doing nothing. My head's over my right leg. I got all this leverage here. Bam. I'm crush. Bam. I'm locking you up. See? And I'm pulling right into the shots. So that that right there is something like you could really use to aim to miss. And I just gave you the So if I throw the jab over to the to the right side, over to the left side, he tries to throw the right hand over the top. Again, I I all I got to do I I I could do what I just did right there. I could I could go here and I could shoulder roll because I'm in good position. When I throw it, I know I I'm gonna I want to roll him into the right hand. So, I'm going to let him throw the right hand. I'm going to let him throw the right hand. I might throw the jab over here. I got my weight over my back leg. I'm able to roll right away. Boom. So, that's my plan. It's like chess. It's not checkers. I got I got my next move with my first move. Okay. So, when I'm here and I throw the jab and he throws it, look at that. I got that. And I'm coming back with a right hand. Okay. But you can just use the head control and do the same thing. If I throw the jab over there and he throws, I got him. You can't do it. Boom. You can't throw the right hand. See, I throw that. I got him. Bam. See what I mean? So, so that's the thing right there. Like, you have to learn that this hand is the best hand in boxing. Anybody that tells you different, they I don't care how great a fighter they were or what they what they did, they don't understand, okay? Because they just never met their match. baby, you get a guy that has a great lead hand, they're going to beat you. You know what I mean? Like, you know, you might be able to, you know, there's guys that over get me wrong, guys win despite of their skill level, because of their talent level and their reflexes and their anticipation and their speed. But, you know, in history, the all-time greats all had, like if you got the top 10 Mount Rushmore, top 10 fighters in the world, top four, five in the history of boxing, this lead hand was truly great. Okay, so um like I said, don't forget to like, share, and subscribe. Don't forget to follow me on Instagram at Tommy Kelloxing and Facebook and Tik Tok at Tommy Akello. Also go to the website worldclassboxing gym.com. Get those instructions. Make sure you guys stay tuned. I got a lot more coming out um by the end of the year. Um been really busy with real boxing, but I'm going to try to really get back to getting a lot of new stuff out there for you guys. So, make sure you guys stay tuned and I'll see you next time.