Kind: captions Language: en Did you ever think of different ways you could set up the liver shot? Today I'm going to give you one way. So what we're going to do here today is we're going to talk about how you can set up the liver shot. And if I'm fighting Danny and I and I we're like at mid-range and I'm starting to working I'm working my work my way to the inside. One of the things that I can do is I can throw that left hook. Instead of trying to throw it to the liver to set up the liver shot where his elbow's at I can throw it right to his elbow. I can throw it right to his elbow. So what that's going to do is psychologically he's going to say "Oh, well, if I did if I didn't have my elbow there he would have landed the shot." See? So what I'm doing right there is I'm I'm freezing him and holding him there. So the first one I'm going to throw is a decent a decent speed of a hook just so I get his attention. I'm going to throw a pretty pretty good pretty solid, okay? We'll show you from this angle so you can see what what I'm doing here. I'm going here and I'm and I'm throwing it right into the elbow. See? Into the forearm. Okay, you don't want to hit the point of the elbow. Of course you could hurt your elbow. I mean hurt your hurt your hand. Okay, so I'm going to throw it here to freeze him there, okay? Now what I'm going to do now the next one I'm going to do because now I got his attention to keep it there and speed. It's all about speed changes set up punches as well, okay? So what I'm doing with the first one like I said is I'm hitting him to get his attention. Now he says, "Whoa, if I didn't have my elbow there he'd have caught me to the body." So now he has more of a conscious mindset of keeping that elbow right where it was. So I'm holding it there. I'm keeping I'm freezing him to keep that elbow right where right where I want it to be, okay? So then the next time what I'm going to do is I'm going to just touch it. It's like driving a car. You're going to be able to redirect your car quicker if you're driving it slow. But at the same time I want to make I want to get a reaction out of him. So what I'm doing is I'm going to touch it again just just so I can hold it make sure I hold it there, right? So here we go. The first one I'm going here. Boom, I get his attention. The second one I touch and then and then off the touch I'm going to come right behind the elbow. That liver goes all the way across from here all the way to the back. And I'll catch him behind here. So the first one I'm throwing is a hard one then a touch and then behind the elbow, okay? So what I'm doing is I'm speed changing on it. I'm going one then I'm going touch bam. I'm going to go right behind the elbow, okay? So that's the key. The key is the speed change. So you're throwing you're throwing one hard one get his attention. Then the next one I'm going to touch him bam. And even what I can do also just to change speeds not only with my hand I can change speeds with my footwork. So in other words what I'm doing is I throw the first one kind of on the in you know that's what I mean like he's got to keep it there. I might even throw it on the inside of that elbow just to keep him just to keep him holding it in tight, right? So I'm going to throw the first one here then the next one I'm going to touch and then I'm going to a two-step. So I'm touch two-step boom right behind. Right behind the liver. I'm right behind the elbow right into the liver. So I throw the first one here then I might reset. Okay, just to let you I get his reaction that I want out of him. We're fighting and I might go boom. Now I'm going to touch and step boom change the speeds. Okay? One two three behind the right behind the elbow, okay? When you're throwing it there to hold it to hold it the other reason is is because if you don't get him to really get his attention like you hit his arm and he says to himself, "Well, if I didn't have my arm there then I then he would have caught me there." So you're you're making his mind want to keep it there, okay? If you if you don't keep it there he he can always when you go to the liver he can always just block it. He can go sit into it elbow block it, right? All those things that I cover in my advanced blocks and parries as well, okay? It's just in defending counter as you know when you you go here you can he can block it. Or he can just sit into him block it. Okay? But if I keep him really thinking on the inside that he got to keep it there he's going to he's going to have a tendency on keeping it tight. Okay? And then I said like I said the speed change is going to be able to when you touch it again he's keeping it there then the speed change because you held it there you froze it there then you touched him there again now you're able to get that speed change and that footwork to land behind the elbow. So if he did it to me it'd be the same thing. Okay? Danny's going to freeze on the inside boom see that? That really I said to myself even I felt it on my arm I'm going to say, "Oh, I got to keep it in tight cuz if I didn't keep it in tight he catches me to the body with that shot." That's a really good body shot. So I'm going he's throwing the first one boom he got my attention. Then the second one bam that's it. Right around. So he's going boom touch him bam. See that? Right around the elbow beautiful. So I'm thinking about that body shot. He's going to the elbow. Now he's going to touch it boom there we go. Beautiful. Touch it boom. And I'm saying ah see I'm going down to block that to the body again when he touches me the second time. First one he hits me ah I say yeah. Throw the first one again boom good shot. Throw it again. Good shot I'm like, "Okay, I got to keep it tight." Now I see him going to do it to me again touch it boom I went down and then he went right around. See so that's a that's a great way to set up the liver shot. Speed changes a little bit of a little bit of an angle on the footwork and uh like I said it's all about the setup how you deceive your opponent with speed changes and and um also the power level of the change. Now everything's got to be hard. Because when he goes when he goes hard that gets the attention, okay? Now the next one he speed changed on me. So he can yes see? He can redirect himself so fast he all because he because like I said you when you're driving the car slow you can redirect the car. If he's going reckless and fast then he's got to regroup himself to be able to make that move. In other words when he throws a fast one if he threw another fast one see it's not as quick it's not as quick. If he threw two hard ones boom boom boom see? We throw the first one hard boom second one hard boom now you got to go see? But if he throws the first one hard boom now he just touches and go bam see the speed change right there by him just touching it and then going, okay? So he's able to uh a car in motion it's like a car in motion is going to speed up faster than a car standing still but at the same time a car in motion a slower motion is going to be able to redirect than a car going 50 to 100 mile an hour has to hit the brake and then redirect. It's not going to redirect that smoothly and as efficiently, okay? So that's what I mean them little touch shots are letting you let you be in a it keeps you in a rhythm and gets the momentum of where you want to change of where you want to go when you change the speed. So cuz you're always in that rhythm and you're always in the control of yourself. When you throw a punch and maybe you miss or you throw it too hard then it's going to take more to redirect your body and redirect to where you want to go. Don't forget to like share and subscribe. Don't forget to the website worldclassboxinggym.com. Get on the email list so you guys are up to date with everything I have coming out. Also go to my Instagram and follow at Tommy Yankello boxing and also TikTok and Facebook at Tommy Yankello and I'll see you guys next time. &gt;&gt; [music]