Kind: captions Language: en Today's video, I'm going to show you guys how the all-time great George Foreman regained the heavyweight championship of the world at almost 46 years old when he knocked out Michael Moorer, okay, in 1994. Over 30 years ago already. So, Michael Moorer is a southpaw. And what George did in this to the knockout punch that he landed, what he did was he he was just throwing a pawing jab in there. He's throwing it in there. He's He's getting that jab in between the guard of Michael Moorer. And then what he does is he didn't care about where his foot was. He was actually on the inside, okay? Like everybody talks about the outside, but a great fighter knows what to do wherever his foot is, okay? You don't dictate and tell me where I'm going to how I have to go, okay? I can I can capitalize on things no matter what position I'm in. Okay, so what he knew is when he was on the inside, he's throwing the jab on the inside of the gloves. He wasn't on the outside throwing it over the top or throwing it Now, that doesn't mean when you're on the outside that you can't throw it on the inside. I cover all this stuff in my southpaw versus orthodox instructional video. But what I'm trying to tell you is what he did in this fight is that he would had Michael Moorer had the guard where he was there, okay? And he was throwing his pawing jab on the inside, okay? And what he did as he threw that jab at one speed, that's again, it's a speed change, right? Catches the guy off guard. And he never seen the right hand for two reasons, okay? Because what he does with this is he's throwing that jab on the inside here, okay? And he's blinding him a little bit, but also what he did is he pushed He pushed his hand out. His His left hand He pushed his left hand out. When he pushes his left hand out, the right hand is coming right behind the pushout, okay? So, it's kind of when it's going in fast motion, he's doing is he's taking his He's taking his left hand across where his right hand is being stored. It's like I always talk about it doesn't matter how far the car's coming if you don't see it until it's come If it's coming around the bend, it doesn't matter how long the bend is if you don't see the car until it's on top of you. So, in other words, he's holding that hand here even though it's coming from this distance. And when he's throwing that, he's got this hand is in position where it you can't see the right hand where it's being stored, okay? So, then he just pushes it out and he throws the right hand and he knocks Michael Moorer out. It's like I said again, what he's doing is he's throwing He's just pawing it and then he knocks the hand out. All he did is kind of knocked it knocked it out. Boom, and he threw the right hand down the middle, okay? So, he's pawing it pawing it boom. Just made enough room where he could sneak it right through there. And like I said, where his hand was traveling in front of where his right hand was stored, he's going right there like that. He's pawing it pawing it and then he knocks it and he throws his right hand right down the middle. Another one that you can do is just to you know, you get the your hand and you just pull it and shoot, you know what I mean? So, it's like you get in there and you just pull it and shoot. He didn't really pull it. He kind of got it in there and he kind of just He just kind of kind of pulled But what he's doing there, like I said, like the hand motion is here, so you don't see the right hand coming. So, it's hiding It's hiding the right hand. The whole motion hid the right hand. The whole motion hid the right hand. So, what he like I said, he's not coming here and pulling it, which is another good move, okay? But if you pull it, right? Now you can see the right hand a little bit more. What he did is he kind of just went in there and kind of nudged it. So, now that right hand is kind of still in that vicinity where he can't see the He can't see the right hand. The right hand is here. He can't see the boom and he's throwing it. So, it's like a boom. It's sealing It's sealing it It's sealing the right and he's hiding the right hand, right? So, he's there. He's putting it in there and he just boom. See, it's all that That motion right there now it's hidden. He can't and he's knocking it He can't see it at that Now he can't see it until it's being released. Now it's too late. And it's on top of him. So, he he's getting hit with a shot he basically doesn't see at all as well, see? So, he's throwing it He's getting his hand in there and then he knocks it boom. See it? He's sitting there. He's pawing it pawing it boom. He's sitting there. He's pawing bam. He's throwing the right hand, okay? So, that was just a great It's a great knockout and one of the most historic fights in the history of the heavyweight division. Uh regaining the title. No man has ever regained it at that age. That was the oldest uh heavyweight champion of all time, you know, to regain the heavyweight championship for the second time, George Foreman, after he was off for many, many years there, came back and he he regained the heavyweight championship of the world. So, that's a little bit of history for you guys. Uh you guys can go check the little video I'll clip that I'll put on here and I'll see you guys to check out the fight. So, really really entertaining fight. Don't forget to follow me on Instagram at Tommy Kello Boxing and also at Tommy Yancello on TikTok and Facebook. And also go to the website worldclassboxinggym.com. Get on that email list so you guys are up to date with everything I have coming out and I'll see you guys next time.