Kind: captions Language: en Today I'm going to teach you one way to set up the liver shot. So I got Danny here demonstrate with me and what we're going to talk about is how to set up the liver shot. Okay. So I've covered this in previous videos, but we're going to give you another way today. You know, one of the things that you can do with touch shots. Touch shots set up the hard shots. So in other words, I'm in rhythm. I'm in rhythm. I might I might initiate a hard shot to the body and try to throw it on the inside of the elbow. Okay. And I'll throw it pretty good in there. Now, it's going to make him have more of a tendency on bringing his elbow in tight. So then the next time what I'll do is I can just touch it in there. I I just touch in there. So now I can redirect myself. My body's in motion. Okay. But I didn't throw it hard. So because I didn't throw it hard, I'm able to redirect myself smoother and quicker. So, in other words, I'm going to touch it here and then I'm going to step out with my footwork and land right behind the elbow. So, the the first one is a little harder. I'm going a little harder and he brings his elbow in. Then the next one I'm going to touch and then step out. When I step out, it's step with the left foot, bring the right foot. And then while I'm stepping, while I'm stepping, I am turning my hips, okay? I'm turning my hips counterclockwise and I'm dropping my left shoulder. When I start off in my stance, my left shoulder is higher than my right shoulder. When I step out, when I throw the first body shot, I'm going to drop my left shoulder. I'm not going to use the footwork right here. I'm just going to drop my left shoulder, turn my hips counterclockwise, and throw the hook hook to the body on the inside. So then the next one, it's the same thing. Okay, the next time it's the same thing. When I throw the the next time, my shoulder is already dropped and my hips are already turned counterclockwise. So when I do that, what I can do is I throw the first one here. I throw the second one here. I'm already in position to throw it again. I don't need to come back and reset and do it. I can go here. I can go here. Now I'm in that position. Okay, with the touch. Now all I'm going to do, I already have my shoulder dropped. I'm just gonna step my left foot and my right foot out. My hips are just going to turn counterclockwise a little bit more again so I can throw the shot. Okay, so I'm because I'm not really digging into the shot and turning my hips. I am throwing the first one. Boom. A real good shot. Now the second one I'm just touching a little bit. Now I'm here and I just turn a little bit more again while I step with my left foot and my right foot and I'm able to go behind that elbow. So it looks like this. I'm here. Boom. On the inside. On the inside of his elbow. Get his attention. Now the next one is touch and behind it. See one more time. I'm going here. Now the next one I'm just touching. So the first one I might boom get his attention. Second one is just a touch. Boom. Behind it. Okay. So if Danny's doing it the same thing he's going to throw the first one on the inside. I bring my elbow in. See now the second one he's now he's got me bringing it in. Now he's got it. Yes. So the first one he's throwing it in there. There you go. He made me flinch and bring my elbow in. He's throwing it in the inside. There you go. Boom. Beautiful. In the inside. Beautiful. I did it one more time. And go. Like I said, it's just here in the inside. And I'm not throwing it. You can throw a little harder, but we're just working. We're just working here today. We're not going. It's We're just making the video, right? I don't want to. But I can throw it pretty hard. And the next one, I'm here. See where my waist is at? And I turn a little bit and I drop my shoulder. When I drop my shoulder, then I turn my hips a little bit more again. So, in other words, I touch. I don't have to drop my I I already have my shoulder dropped off of the off of the second one. So, the first one, boom. And I might reset. I got his attention. Boom. I got his attention. Now, boom, bam. See that? So, that's just a great way to set up the liver shot. You know, inside body shots are inside, outside, outside, inside. That's how you're setting those punches up by, you know, working the angles. If you go to the outside, you can set something up up on the inside. If you go to the inside, you can set something back on the outside. And also just keep on mixing it up up up and down too. changing levels as well. Okay, great ways to set up liver shots and any kind of body punch. Don't forget to go to the website worldclassboxing gym.com and get on the email list. Also, go to Instagram and follow me at Tom Yianell Boxing and Tik Tok and Facebook, Tom Yankeello. And I'll see you guys next time.