Kind: captions Language: en Today's video, I'm going to show you guys a way to defend and counter the jab to the body. And what we're going to talk about is I'm going to throw this jab to Danny's body, and he's going to defend the jab to the body with his right hand, his rear hand, and he's going to come back and counter with the same hand, the rear hand. So, I'm throwing the jab to the body. And what he's doing is he's parrying that. When he parries that, he's opening me up and he's throwing the right hand. What is he doing when he's parrying? What is the mechanics of it? The mechanics are when I throw that jab to his body. He is like a circle parry. Okay, we'll call it like a half circle parry, down, a down parry, half circle, pendulum, pendulum parry, whatever you want to call it. Okay, and what he's doing at the same time, he's turning his hips clockwise to set up his right hand. Okay? So, he could throw the right hand. And what he's doing to me is he's turning my hips counterclockwise. He's opening me up. Okay? So, he's making the pathway for the right hand and he's diverting my punch so I can't get it back in time. Okay? So, when he makes that when he when he when he has when he parries that, see, he diverted me and opened me up. Okay? And he turn he like I said, he turned me counterclockwise cuz he's opening me up. I'm going and I'm opened up. Okay? Now he's able to throw that right hand right down the middle right there. Okay. Now you know you're going to have somebody say, "Well, what if I faint the jab and I throw?" That's why this is boxing is ringing IQ and it's anticipation and processing. Nothing is cookie cutter. He's got to know. I threw a parry out there. Okay. And I'm looking to parry that shot. It's timing. But let's say I would faint it. He He got to know he's got to know his other defenses. He if he's an experienced boxer, he knows that maybe, okay, I faint it and I I faint it and he goes for that and I go to throw the hook, he could just fall in. He could just just fall in, right? So that's his answer. But today, I'm showing you that what you can do plain as day. The guy throws a jab to the body, he can parry it and throw that right hand. He can I can throw that jab, he can throw the right hand, right? He's there. I'm there. He's opening me up to throw the right hand. Okay. Boom. That's all he's got to do. He's here. Boom. Now, if I go to faint it and I he he he knows how to play chess. Okay. So, he knows how to play chess. So, you're always a step ahead when you're making a move. You have another move in mind. You know, if the guy's going to try to counter the counter, you have a a way to counter the counter. See what I mean? So if I'm thinking like, oh, he's he's I see that and I threw it out there. Okay. So maybe he did it the first time. So the second time I say, well, I'm going to catch him. I'm going to I'm maybe the first time he does that to me and catches me. Boom. So I go back to it. If I'm a smart boxer, knows I go back to it because if I think I have the answer, right? So he catches me. He catches me the first time. He catches me. He catches me the first time. Boom. And hits me with it. So I'm like, "Okay, I'm going to throw the hook at him." See? And now he's got to come up with the second move, right? So, in other words, first time, first time I throw the jab to the body, he counters me, right? Okay. So, I'm saying, "Okay." Oh, I got to give this guy. He wants to try to parry that with his rear hand. Oh, I got to get I got something for him. I'm going and I'm going to go and there's another move he had right just went down. I like to fall in cuz now he's got me there. Boom. Boom. Whatever he wants to do. See? So I f I faint it. See that? I faint it. I faint it and I look. That's it. And I throw the hook. Boom. &gt;&gt; Right. So I faint it. I faint it and I throw the hook. Then he's got me. Okay. So that's just to give you, you know, because like I said, everybody has something to say about certain moves, but that's a beautiful move. But it takes, like again, takes processing, ring experience, um, IQ. These are things you have to practice in the gym. Practice them in sparring. You know, like I said, if I if if I if he par he parries that shot, the beautiful mechanics of it is he's turning his hips. He's turning his hips clockwise, right? And he's ready to throw that right hand right there. Okay. And he can catch me with that shot. It's just a It's a beautiful beautiful counter the jab to the body. There's other ways to counter the jab to the body. Uh these are things that I cover in my advanced blocks and parries for the elite on my website the in I have the instructional video advanced blocks and parries. Also defending counter there's a bunch of different uh different blocks and parries in there. Uh go to the website worldclassboxing gym.com. Get on the website so you guys are up to date with everything I have coming out. Also follow me on Instagram at Tommy Kell Boxing and also at Tommy Kell on Tik Tok and Facebook. And I'll see you guys next time.