Kind: captions Language: en Today's video, I'm going to show you the way Manny Pacquiao hurt Floyd Mayweather when they had their fight in the fourth round. He lands a really nice left hand off of Floyd's jab. And what he did was Floyd threw the jab. Floyd kind of leaned with that jab. He kind of pushes a little bit too much weight out to it on his front foot. Uh trying to throw just a straight straight jab off of his front foot. And what Manny did was Manny parries it, okay? Just like that. At the same time he parried it, he steps over with his right foot, okay? Just to get that little bit of angle so he can throw that left hand right down the middle. And what he did is he That's it. Now he throws the left hand. Right there. Floyd my foot with the jab. See that? Floyd Floyd's kind of like I said leaning with the jab. Kind of had his right hand down. He had his right hand here and then kind of just threw it. That's it. And the And the And the And the idea of that move is like I said, he's getting that angle to be able to throw it down the middle and cut distance. He's cutting distance. Because if he doesn't If he doesn't take that step out, okay? And he just parries it. Just parries it. Throws the left hand. See? It's coming from a further distance. Angles cut distance. So what he's doing when he takes that foot out, now he's gaining all kinds of distance just by like I said, it Let's Let's show you. This is to show you. If I throw that jab, If I throw that jab right from here and he throws it, he parries and throws the left hand. Boom, okay? Now, the same move when he when he when he steps, let me do it full time. I throw the jab. Boom, okay? Now, if he steps out, he's closer. That dis That That making that angle cut the distance to make that left hand closer so he can really get the leverage on and throw it down the middle where I See he's Boom, that's it. It's over. I'm throwing that jab. And he's able to gain that distance, okay? So cuz Floyd he was far enough away with Floyd thought he was going to throw a jab maybe and give himself give himself back on set. He was just going to stab with a jab. Stab with a jab and get distance. You know what I'm saying? And get himself back on set. Get Like I said, he he reached out a little bit too far. Went out on his front leg a little bit too much with the jab. Kind of went out there. And what happened? Pacquiao Pacquiao gained that distance. In that split second he gained that distance. Just by that short little move of making that foot Taking that foot up and over is where that foot's going. See? It's not over. It's not just up. He's taking it up and over to get a little bit of an angle so he can throw that shot right. So what we're talking about is where from I'm from this distance. I can be even from far far distance on you. And I try to hit you with a jab. Boom. Same time I'm stepping forward, you're stepping up and over. I'm here. Boom, and he's catching with that shot. Just stepping that foot right out. Boom, and he's hitting him. Just a beautiful little little adjustment there. Step out with that foot to land that shot. And that's something that like I said, you learn angles cut distance. I cover all this stuff when I talk about uh the stance and how angles cut distance, uh southpaw versus orthodox instructional video on my website worldclassboxing2.com. Get on the email list so you guys are up to date with everything I have coming out. And also follow me on Instagram at Tommy and Kell Boxing and also TikTok and Facebook at Tommy and Kell. And I'll see you guys next time. &gt;&gt; [music] [music]