Kind: captions Language: en Even if I had a little bit on the outside of him and I got the angle, okay, and I throw my jab and he's got his head right there, he'll he'll even bait his head or keep himself right there. He can bait it or he can just put himself right there. He doesn't want to sit all the way back, okay? Now, he can do that when I'm showing you when I show you this move, but a lot of times it's better to like get the angle this way because your head's there. Now, when I throw the jab, this is what he's going to do. He's going to take his his right foot on the outside of my left foot while he throws the jab on the inside of my jab, okay? On the inside of my jab and he's going to dip his head left into what a lot of people think is the wrong place to be because you're you're dipping your head into the the pathway of the opposite stance's rear hand, which is my right hand if he's throwing it as a southpaw. But, once you land that jab on the inside and I'm surprised by it and I'm shocked by it and I'm getting hit with it, I'm not going to throw this right hand at that split second, okay? So, in other words, I'm trying to really hit him with that jab. Now, when I throw that jab, he's going to slip to he's going to slip his head to the inside while he takes his foot to the outside at the same time. Now, he hits me right there and he can land that jab Oleksandr lands it vertical. He keeps the thumb up and he throws that jab right in there like that. Now, I'm getting hit at that point, I'm not throwing this right hand, okay? Now, he's got an angle to step out now because he got his foot on the outside. Now, I can I'm going to I can turn into something off of that. He can land it boom boom. He he get me to turn, right? My next move is to turn to find him. He got the he got the initial move to the outside. When I throw the jab, now he's got that foot. He has got that position, okay? Now, let's say I don't let's say he doesn't move to the outside. Let's say I try to throw the right hand. Okay, now as you can see, he's got that outside angle, so now he can slide his head over to the right and throw his left hand. He's going to beat my right hand. That's it. Even though his head is over to the left, his foot is over to the right, okay? So, now let's say I try to throw the let's say I would get off and try to throw that right hand. When I try to throw that right hand, he's got the ability to throw it his left hand right with me and he's got the angle to slide his head over to the right. He's going to hit me. I'm not going to hit him.