Kind: captions Language: en Do you guys want to know how to deal with head control? Here's why. In our last video, we talked about throwing the right hand and the guy slipping the right hand, okay? And trying to throw a left hook to the body and me just using head control. Okay? Now, there's always, this is why it's chess, not checkers. There's always another move. There's always a counter to the counter, right? It's why it takes knowledge and it takes insight and anticipation and this and the ability to process at a certain speed. The great ones to process faster than others. So, when I when I throw that right hand and he slips to throw the hook to the body and I go to and he feels head control, what he can do is bump up. See that? Nah, he just took away my head control. He He regained his own leverage, his own ability to get his leverage because if I keep this my hand on his head, I got him. But once he bumps that hand, now he got his leverage back. Now he's a Yes. Now he's able to manipulate me. Okay. Great self-defense moves as well. Okay. These are not just for boxing. This is for you MMA and great self-defense techniques. If I throw the right hand, I'm going to use head control the first time I throw it. He tries to throw left hook by. I got him. He can't throw it. So, what he's going to do when he throws it? See that? See that? Just a beautiful move right there. That's great move. See? So, I throw the right hand. I'm going down to get head control. He got me. See? See? That's hard for me to get it when he's pushing up on. That's it. And then he just gave you the next one. We're going to save that for the next video. Okay, you guys see what he did? So, that's another great way or that's that's a great way how to deal with head control. What Danny just did right there uh with the bump. I'm going to have another one coming uh in the next video on how to deal with head control. Okay, so make sure you guys stay tuned for that. Don't forget to follow me on Instagram at Tommy Kelloo Boxing and Facebook and Tik Tok at Tommy Kelloo. Also, go to the website worldclassboxingjim.com. and get on the email list so you guys are up to date with everything coming out. Going to be coming out with some new stuff. Make sure you guys stay tuned and I'll see you next time. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat up here. [Music]