Kind: captions Language: en Today I'm going to show you some ways that you can cut distance and turn the fight into an inside fight. Okay? And what we're going to talk about is how you can use faints and also throwaway punches or push hooks to get a response out of your opponent. So you can use a forearm pin to close the distance and turn the fight into an inside fight. Okay. So what what I can do if I'm seeing the reactions that out of my opponent where when I throw a right hand a lot of times when I throw the right hand he blocks it like that. Okay. So what I can do ahead of time like I can start to throw like I say from a distance I throw it and he blocks it. Okay. So the next time I can faint it and then I step in with a pin. Now I got that forearm pin and I can work and I'm on the inside. I've cut that distance because what I've done is when I faint it I see that reaction. Okay. So maybe the first time from the distance I throw it, he blocks my my punch. So the next time I want to cut distance. So instead of me throwing it all the way out, I can faint it to get that reaction. Then I step in with my left forearm to forearm pin to be able to work on the inside. Okay, that's one way. The other way is something we can do is also if I just throw a push hook and I see I see when every time I throw a hook, he goes to that reaction right there. Okay. So, the next time I throw the he goes to that and now I go in and I got if he keeps that hand there. Now I got look at that. I got a beautiful move right there where I've got if he's in that position I got him I got all of that. Okay, he can't throw anything. He's pinned here. He's got that. If he's got both hands up when he when he rolls with the hook, now I got a total pin. Okay, now he's Now he's pinned. I can get off. I can be on the inside and turn the fight on to the into the inside. So, those are two moves right there that I said again, if I throw right hand and I see that reaction out of him, I see that reaction out of the next time I faint and I slide in with the pin. Okay. Now the other way is like I said from this side you guys can see that I can if I see a reaction like that the next move I can now I pin. So it's it's me throwing this. Now I'm going to take a two-step wide pin. What I'm doing is I'm moving I'm moving my left foot first then my right foot behind it and I'm throwing the pin in there. See? So it's a two step. I throw my push hook. Now I'm gonna step left and right and pin. So I'm here from a distance. Next time I go here, now I step in left, right. I step in left, right. Okay. Same thing with the faint here. I throw the right hand the first time. Now the next time I faint, left, right. Okay. So that's two little things that you can do using a faint, using a push hook. You know, you can, like I said, you're you're what you're doing is you're freezing them and you freeze them with a faint with a push hook. You freeze them in a position so you can slide in with a two-step and put a forearm pin. Now you're on the inside. Now, if you're the inside, if you're an inside, great inside fighter, those are ways to cut distance and get on the inside and create an inside fight. Don't forget to like, share, and subscribe. Don't forget to also follow me on Instagram at Tommy Kella Boxing and Facebook and Tik Tok, Tommy Kella. Also, go to the website worldclass boxing gym.com and get on that email list so you guys are up to date with all the new stuff I'm going to be having come out. And I'll see you guys next time.