Kind: captions Language: en Do you ever feel when you're in tight quarters on the inside that you really don't have the answers? Well, today's video I'm going to give you an inside fighting trick that you can use. I got Danny here to demonstrate. We're going to talk about when we're in tight and you see that your opponent puts his high guard up on the inside. One of the things you can learn how to do is just simply pin. You're putting them in jail. You use the forearm pin. You turn your arm horizontally and you pin the gloves. If you get that on them, that throws him right out of rhythm, disrupts everything. And when you do that, you just bump him like that, you are actually locking. He can't He has no offense. He's in jail. You can feel that. And then what you can do, of course, you can land all kinds of shots. You can throw different kind of punches off it with your right hand. You can go here, you can go here. So the other thing that you can do in addition to the forearm pin is elbow manipulation. If I pin him here, okay, I can take my right hand and take it right on the outside of his elbow there and turn turn him right there. If I turn his elbow, it's going to turn his whole body. There's things that manipulate the whole body and make the whole body turn. Like turning turning the guy's head, that'll make his whole body. You turn his head, it'll turn his whole body. The elbow turns his whole body. His hips will turn his whole body. Okay. So, when I forearm pin here, I can take his elbow on the outside of his elbow, right hand, and turn him. Now, I really got him. I can throw the shot up the middle. I can throw I get the angle to throw the right hand over the top. You can really manipulate your opponent with those two moves. So, it's just a it's a pin and a manipulation of the elbow. Pin the manipulation of the elbow. Boom. Boom. Just beautiful stuff right there. Okay. So, Danny's doing it to me. It's the same. He's pinning. I'm locked up now. He's clear that he's got me. See? That's it. When you pin, you want both hands. Now, see I He just totally threw me off. He jarred me. Now he's gonna take that elbow and turn. Now that's it. That's it. Where you want that el where you want that hand is you want that hand is right here. See, you got his hand. You're going to take it here and turn. See how I'm opening up the body shot, head shot. Okay, that's it. Beautiful. And if you watch some of uh you watch Danny's last fight, you'll see him using that forearm pin. Now, we're about to step it up with different things. Elbow manipulation. We keep on evolving and getting better and working off of what we do. We're going to keep on adding to it. See? So, I'm on the inside. I'm looking. He's got that form and he turns me. There you go. Beautiful. And and and people are going to say, "Well, you put that for go to your body." Not if not if he gets that form up. Everything is anticipation and timing and everything. You got to have insight. You got to be able to process. If he puts that on me first, I'm not doing nothing that he got. This is pinned. Everything's pinned. It's gonna be very hard for me to throw anything. He's charming for that split second. And he's turning me in a minute. Manipulate. Even if he doesn't do that, when he when he pins me, he can punch right there, too. Can work stuff. Once he gets that pin, I'm not releasing that. It's going to take me it's going to take me it's going to take me more time to be able to release off of that to be able to hit him with that body shot. In the meantime, he's getting off. So, it's a beautiful thing. Um, people don't understand just the the vertical the vertical arm period for vertical blocks. It's a lot more natural to move here than it is to move here. When I have my hands here, there's an opening around here. Boom. There's an opening up the middle. Just just on the guard alone. Up the middle is a punch. Boom. On the side's a punch. Boom. When I go here, you can't go up the middle. I got this hand here. He can't up the middle here. If you go around, I got that there. If he tries TO THROW WIDE, HE'S GOING TO HIT THE ELBOW. SEE? But if I'm here, he goes wide, he's going to hit he can hit me. He can hit me up the middle. The only thing when you go here is up and down motion. You got to worry about the body shot. There's there's there's less of a tradeoff. That's why so many great fighters use it. Bernard Hopkins, James Tony, Floyd Mayweather, they'll keep the hand in here and they can go up and down with it. And the other thing they can do, let's say, let's say I go up up the block, something up the middle, you can't hit, right? Okay. Up the middle around the side, you can't hit. So, where can you land? You think the body shots open right there? But if I go down, it's the right hand that's down. All I got to do is bring it down. Okay. If you go down with THE JAB AND TRY to throw the right hand and he throws the right hand off, I got to know my defenses. I still I go I go down and people will say you're not quick enough to do that. Even if I'm not I'm in position the way I'm turning when I block. I don't I don't go like this. I don't go like go down. I don't go close to my body. I don't go down here like this and I'm standing here squared up so he can hit me with the right hand. When I BLOCK DOWN LIKE THIS I'M TURNING. So I got a long distance. LOOK AT THAT. I got that with my shoulder. I'm not blocking. I'm not for block up. No up. Now go down. See, I'm not I'm not I'm not doing it like this. Like I'm throw the jab up. I throw the jab down. Throw the jab up. Throw the jab. Throw the jab down. I'm not like that. I'm not going out like he's I'm block a jab up. Block a jab down. I'm not going to go like that. I'm going here. Boom. Boom. Even if he hit me with it. Now he tries to throw THE RIGHT HAND. BOOM. LOOK AT THAT. I got that. And I'm rolling with it. So I got built-in defense with my movement of the forearm block. I got I got the second defensive move built in right here. It's very hard to go here. Now you got the right hand here. See? Then you're going to go back up the middle here. I got all that middle covered. The only opening I have is down. And I have the second defensive move built in. when I go down, okay, for the right hand, if he throws a jab, if he throws a jab to my body and I go down, he throws the right hand and then people say, "You can't move it. You're not going to do that." WELL, OKAY. IF I DON'T. IF I DO, I GOT IT. IF I if he if if I IF I DON'T, I'M STILL I'M STILL BLADED AND SIDEWAYS. SO, IF I DON'T GET IT UP, I just got to know my defense. I'll roll THAT OFF MY SHOULDER, BAM, AND COME BACK WITH A RIGHT HAND. SO, you have to know it's all about the technique and the body mechanics when you make a move and knowing your second move, countering the counter, you know what I mean? And um so these are the things that you got to understand about body. It's all about body mechanics. Go to my website, get my videos. I got some great new videos that just came out on how to develop the mechanics for world class punching power and fundamentals. Those those ones that I have on the power videos are teaching you the basic foundation, making it very solid for everything, not just your power. Because if you got leverage and you got power, you got balance. If you got balance, you got everything else, too. So, those two videos are great. They are going to be coming out with a lot more. So, make sure you guys check that out. Check me out on Instagram at Tom Yianell Boxing and also uh on Tik Tok at Tom Yankeello. Don't forget to like, share, and subscribe. And I'll see you guys next time.