Kind: captions Language: en Today's video, I'm going to show you another inside fighting trick on how you can manipulate your opponent. If we're on the inside, okay, and I start to feel Danny's weight on me and I got a the foundation of the alltime great. Like I always say, the weight is on my back foot. What I can easily do, I got good balance right there, okay? And I got good leverage. So when he bumps me, I can just easily just take my my lead shoulder away from him. Okay. And drop step to my right. See, now I got him set up for a right hand. I can turn him I turn him into the left hook. Right hand. I could just walk and punch right there. Okay, his weight his weight is there. I got my weight back here. Now I'm going to just drop step my foot as I pull my left shoulder away from him. Once I feel a little bit of resistance from him, I can just turn there. I can also add this to it where I take his elbow and while I drop my shoulder. Okay, I could take his elbow here. I'm going to drop step and pull my Now I got it. Boom. Boom. I can do that. Okay. If he tries to switch up on me and take his weight, take his head on the other side of me and bump out here. I can just drop step here. Why can I drop step that easy? Because my weight is on my back foot. If I if I'm up here and he goes here, now I gotta it's gonna take me more time. Okay. But if I'm here and he goes here, I can just drop step real easy there. Okay. He goes to the other side of me. Goes the other side of me now. See, I can just drop step. See? Go the other side of me. Goes the other side. I can take my hand back here, too. Drop step here. Boom. Catch him in there like that. See what I mean? So this weight goes there. I can go here. Drop step, weight goes on the other side. I can drop step this way. Okay. So that's just a great inside move that you can use just by knowing and feeling your opponent's weight distribution and having a great foundation yourself. you can make a real nice smooth transition and get great position on him to be able to land shots and turn them into punches. Turn them into punches as you make those drop steps and those pivots. Don't forget to follow me at Tom Yankeello Boxing on Instagram and Tom Yankeello on Facebook and Tik Tok and go to the website worldclassboxing gym.com. Get on that email list so you guys are up to date with everything new I have coming out. And I'll see you guys next time.