Kind: captions Language: en Today I'm going to give you guys a great inside fighting trick to set up a liver shot. Okay. What we're going to talk about today is I had covered this in a previous video about how you can put your hand in the crook of the arms and stop the guy from punching. What we're going to do here today is we're going to use a pin and a stifle of the arm. We call it stifling the arm, jamming it, um, stuffing it. Right now, what we're talking about, I'll let Danny show you. If he puts his hands on the on the inside of my on the and he he goes in there like that. Even if he if I have a high guard, he just puts them on the I need Go do it again. Okay, he does that. It's very hard for me to punch. Look at that. I can't punch. If I try to release that, it's very hard for me to punch. So, when he does, and in fact, I can't punch because when he does it, I can't punch. So, I'm going to have to go loose and go out, which makes him be able to throw uppercuts. He's got what he wants, okay? Because I can't get out of that. Once he goes in there, I can't punch. Okay? So, what I got to do is is is is go is go dead arm and try to get on the inside like that. Dead arm and go. But with the minute that I'm doing the minute that I'm doing this, he could still throw an uppercut and get get he's got a shot in there. If I try if I go dead arm like this, he's got it. But that is that is the remedy, which is another day, another video for another day. We'll cover that what I was just talking about right there. But if he got me there, okay, I am having a look at that. I try to punch out of that. It's very hard. Do it again. Okay. If I try to punch there, he's got those shots. He's got I can't throw the punch. Okay. So, what he's going to do with this one there, what we're going to do with this one is I'm gonna let him do it is he's going to he's going to stifle this arm and pin this one. Okay. Now, look at that. I can't throw this one. This one's pinned. Okay. Now, from there, he's going to, like we talked about, he can throw the right uppercut. So he throws the right uppercut and raises me. He's got this arm pinned and now he's going to go with the foot behind the elbow and throw the liver shot. Beautiful. Just beautiful stuff right there. Okay. So what we're talking about is he stifle. He That's what he's doing. It's a pin. It's a pin. Oh man, is that beautiful. Okay. You want to get that hand that hand on the in. Yes. This part of your hand right in there. Okay. So I'm there. That's what he wants. Okay. Now when now he can look look at that right there. I can't punch. I can't punch. He's got me pinned. Now he can throw the right uppercut. And now the liver shot. Boom. Beautiful. Beautiful work. Just beautiful work right there. So just so you guys can see what's going on with the liver shot from this angle. Dan, I'm in my high garden. Danny stuffs it. Okay. And he pins it. See? And a lot of people are going to say, "Well, he pins that." Everybody doesn't understand when you get that pin on. It's like I'm in jail there. I mean, I am I am behind bars. I'm He's stifling everything that I can do there. And people say, "Well, he's open to the body when he uses that." Well, I listen, he's that's at that split second, he's jarring me. Okay. Now, if I start to release my arm, he could just take his arm down as as much as as much time as it takes me to get off of that release that pin my body, he's got that as well. Now, he can throw a left uppercut from there and beautiful to the body and to the head. Okay. So when he gets that on me, he pins that, he stifles. I can't let this one go. This one here. Now he's going to just when he's going to throw the right uppercut and then step to throw the hook to the body. See? Same time he throws the right uppercut, he steps, boom, puts himself in position. So what you can do is you can drop that right shoulder while you you drop that left shoulder. When you throw the uppercut, you stifle it. That's it. Look, he just raised me up. That's what he wants. I'm kind of looking at him. Stif. I'm here. Now look what he did. Now you got to get that. You got to get that hand there so I don't lose. That's it. Now he got it right there. Okay. Now when he throws the right uppercut, boom. He's He's there. That's it. There we go. That's it. That's what I said. When you throw that right uppercut, drop that left shoulder. You got the pin on me. Boom. Now you're going to let Boom. Let it go. That's it. Uppercut. and the body shot right here. Boom. Beautiful. That's it. Just beautiful stuff right there. Beautiful inside work. These are things that uh even in Danny's last fight, he was doing a lot of it. And we're going to keep on doing it. We're going to add to it. We're going to get better at it. He's going to get a lot better at it. And um these are great things done by the all all a lot of the alltime a lot of the all-time greats. Um Roberto Durant, Henry Armstrong, uh Archie Moore, Julio Cesar Chavez, some of these are some of the lost arts that people don't understand or even appreciate. They can't they can't uh they can't appreciate them because they don't see them anymore. A lot of these darts are you don't see these fighters using them today. Uh I mean Roberto Duran and Chavez and uh the oldtime guys like Archie Moore and Henry Armstrong. I mean they are they were they were masters. They were truly truly a master of their craft. Um don't forget to go to Instagram and follow me at Tom Yankeello Boxing and also Tik Tok and Facebook at Tommy Yankeello. Go to the website worldclassboxing gym.com. Get on that email list so you guys are up to date with everything I have coming out. And I'll see you guys next time. [music] &gt;&gt; [music] [music]