Kind: captions Language: en Today I'm going to show you guys some lead hand tricks that the great Vladimir Klitschko used to use. What we're going to talk about is how he used to always and probe and use his lead hand as a as a rangefinder and a filler and a distractor, okay? And a defensive tool. It's why this is the best hand in boxing. It's not just the jab, it's the lead hand is the greatest hand in all of boxing. You get guys like Vladimir Klitschko used to use that lead hand and keep that hand on you. And a lot of people are going to say, "Well, when he's putting that hand out there, I can counter, but he'd always have an answer. He could he could if if I put that hand, you try to throw the right hand over top, he's always got that." Okay? If you try to throw the hook, he'd even he'd even block that. You know, if you tried to step in and throw the hook, he'd push you on on the bicep and all that kind of stuff, right? So, all those little tricks, he used his lead hand. I mean, this was like just so dominant. And he's putting it in your face like that. Okay. Also, what that's a distractor. And what I try to explain to people, it's like if you're driving a car and rain is always coming in your windshield. You have to get that out of you have to get that off your windshield. You have to get the rain off your windshield. if you just keep driving and you don't put the windshield wipers on. So, what I'm saying by that is you have to you have to make a move where you try to get his lead hand off you and you start playing the same game. Okay? A lot of people are going to say, "I just keep my hands to myself. I ain't going to fall for that." Well, if you don't fall for that, again, that's what I'm trying to tell you. He's just putting his if if you just keep your hands to yourself and he's always putting that in your face, okay? And then and then he can then he can grab it. He can do all kinds of different stuff. He'll swipe you. Okay? He's going to pin you, whatever, because you're just keeping your hands to yourself. So, you have to get that hand out of your face and do the same thing back to him. It's like people say, "Don't hook with a hooker." But you better believe you better jab with a jab or a fence with a fencer because if you don't and you just have it's just like fencing. If you if you're just standing there and the guy just keeps fencing you, he's going to get you. He's going to create an opening. He's going to give you distractions till he can set a certain punch up. So, you have to deal with it. So, two things that can happen when he used to put that lead hand out there is that sometimes the guy would try to put his lead hand out there with him and he's all always was a step ahead. This is where ring IQ comes in and knowledge that I'm giving you right here that he would always have a move for the move. So if you didn't keep your hands to yourself and didn't let him just keep fencing you till he would create an opening and he and you tried to play the game right with him. See then he he would do little things where he would just see he'd grab it. See he could grab it this way. He could grab it this way and throw his right hand. So he's got he's playing that game and you try to get out there with him and now he you just you just pulled and he's a step ahead of you. He just put it you just put it out there and and you and he set the it was a trap too. So he's always has a move for the move. In other words, if you keep your hands to yourself, then he just keep touching you, touch you. Pop, pop, pop, pop. Boom. He's going to He could pull the hand away. Pull the hand away. If you stick it out there, if you stick it out there now, now he's going to hook it that way or hook it this way and throw the right hand. Just sneaky stuff. Sneaky stuff. Okay. And um like I said, he always had an answer for that. Okay. He always had an answer if you tried to fence back with him. Okay. things he could do is he'd pull it this way, throw the right hand. He could pull this way and throw the right hand. If you tried to fence right with him, okay, other thing he can do, you're fencing, fencing, fencing. You're fencing with him, he just pop it and shoot the jab, then he can throw the right hand, right? So, he just if you try to get over top his hand, then he could pop you up and go to the body. Okay? So, he always had an enhancer cuz he's a step ahead. Okay? is a step ahead because that's his game. But if you don't play his game, you're in even more trouble. Okay? So, you have to have the ring IQ as well and know and you're playing that game. It's it's chess, not checkers. Okay? There's always a when you make a move, there's always a second move for the counter of the move that your opponent tries to nullify your first move. Okay? So, in other words, I if he tries to, if I'm fencing and he try, now I can go here and shoot over the top. If he gets his hand over the top, I can pop it up and go down. I can go here. I can pull it and throw. I can go here and pull it and throw. Boom. So, those those are just that's just great stuff right there. Takes a lot of practice and it it takes uh playing the game of chess, you know? That's a chess game right there. You know what I mean? So he has an answer for wherever the opponent whatever whatever the opponent tries to neutralize and counter his move he had an answer for. Okay. So he he was a master at using that lead hand. Don't forget to like, share, and subscribe. Don't forget to follow me on Instagram at Tom Yianell Boxing and Tik Tok and Facebook at Tommy Yankeello. Get on the website worldclassboxingjim.com and I'll see you guys next time. Heat. Heat. [Music]