Kind: captions Language: en So, I wanted to go over how you hold your hands when you're boxing. If you notice, if you watch a lot of the all-time great boxers when you're shadow boxing, you'll see that their hands are open. They're not clinched all tight. Their fists are not clenched real tight. And the reason I wanted to go over the reason first reason is when you clinch your fist all the time, that's tension. Okay? There's no stress in tension in boxing. That's going to wear you down. Okay? That's number one. It's going to all that tension is going to stress you throughout the fight. It's going to wear you down. The other thing is is when you're clinching your fists, you're not going to have the same speed that you would have if you keep that hand open. Okay? So, when you're throwing punches, it's just like a sprinter. When you see sprinters, they they have their hands like this. They don't clench their fist. They want no stress in their body when they're trying to accelerate and trying to get that speed and they're trying to get the maximum speed out of their whole body. It comes down to even their hands. So, your whole body can tense up just from tensing your hands up. The third reason is when you're boxing, even with a boxing glove on, you can open your hand up and you can have this to be a bigger a bigger shield when you're trying to parry punches and block punches and catch punches. If you have your fists closed, you're losing about three or four inches. See, I got my fist here and I open them up. I got about three or four more inches in my hands and I'm able to catch. And again, I went over in the videos of parrying and blocking, you have to be soft and smooth and flowing, not rigid and hard. When you're rigid and hard, you are not g you're going to set yourself up for getting fainted and getting out of position and getting countered. And also, you're you're not going to be able to parry those shots off smoothly and using just a the fluid smoothness and momentum of your rhythm. You're going to lose rhythm when you are not loose.