Kind: captions Language: en Do you want to know how you can set up punches using a rear hand parry when you're fighting an southpaw boxer or a southpaw boxer, boxing an orthodox boxer? Here's how. Let me show you. One of the things we can do if I'm an orthodox boxer and the southpaw's throwing a jab at me, how I can use a rear hand parry to set things up. is he throws the jab. I I can catch it with my rear hand. I catch it with my rear hand. Right now, what you can do is see that you can parry it like that. You could call that a sweep parry. Okay? So, I'm getting the timing. I'm getting the timing. I am turning my hips counterclockwise while I parry. So now I'm setting myself up for a left hook. I can also pivot out. See if I if I throw If I throw it at Danny, he can see that. Throw that shot. See? And what it's doing is manipulating my hips. Now I can't throw the right hand. I'm having a hard time coming back with my own right hand. As a southpaw, he's gonna have a hard time coming back with his left hand. If he's throwing that jab and I get the And people are going to always talk about, you know, what if he faints or what he does. That's why great fighters are one in a million because you have to have the ring IQ and the knowledge to know when to do something, when not to do something. You know what I mean? Nothing is cookie cutter in boxing comes down to anticipation, insight, ring IQ, how fast you process. So, a lot of times what we can do though is like if I'm if I got the rhythm and he's throwing the jab at the same rhythm all the time, I I catch a jab, not now not the next time I got it because I got I got it here, I got it here, next time I got it. See? So now when I got it, I got a hook right hand. What I can do is I can pivot out the same time I turn my hips counterclockwise. Now I can turn my hips clockwise, set myself up, pivot back with a hook, all that kind of stuff. Okay. So as a as a southpaw, it's the same. It's just in reverse. I'm throwing a jab. See that? Now he just manipulated. When he did that, when he did that, he manipulated. He man, look, he totally manipulated my hips there. Okay, so I can't throw right hand. I certainly can't, you know, redirect my hook, you know. Um, yeah, of course, if I faint it, I could come, you know, but see what he's doing now. I could come back. Boom. He got it. He got the That's it. Danny got all the different defenses. He knows that when he makes a move, he's got the second move to the counter. To always in your mind know how to counter the counter. That's chess. It's not checkers, right? So anyways though, but if he gets that parry off, if he gets that boom, he manipulate me. Now he's got a good pivot there. He can throw his hook, left hand off of that move. There you go. Okay, so that that's just like I said, the parry the art of that parry is throw jab at me. I'mma c I can catch it here. Right. So the next one I just I the rhythm is see that the rhythm I'm using is a turn of my of my hips counterclockwise at the same time my hand is moving counterclockwise as well. So I'm catching I could catch I get the timing of catching his first jabs the second jab I turn it. See that I catch the first jab second jab I turn. Boom. Even if I get it and I miss it after maybe my hand doesn't seal it, but I catch it. See, I'm getting it. That's enough for me to do whatever I want to do. I'm in a position to come back with my left hook. I'm also in position if I drop my left shoulder when I do it. I can throw the left hook to the body, back with a right hand, left hook to the body, pivot out, right hook to the body, left hook. Okay, so that's like I said, it's this timing of the parry. Just like that. Just like that. See that? Catch it, turn it. Catch it, turn it. Catch it, turn it. Catch it, turn it. It's all about being soft with the periods. Catch it, turn it, boom, boom, boom. Throw that shot. I can throw the hook to the body. Come back to the head. Back with the right hand. Catch it here. Here. Boom. Boom. Boom. Okay. So that's just a beautiful way to use this rear hand if you're a orthodox fighter fighting a southpaw or southpaw fighting orthodox. Um don't forget to like, share, and subscribe, guys. Also go to the website, get on the email list, worldclass boxing gym.com, so you guys are up tod date with everything I have coming out. I'll be coming out with a lot of new stuff. Also follow me on Instagram at Tommy Kell Boxing and Facebook and Tik Tok at Tommy and Kell. And I'll see you guys next time.