Kind: captions Language: en Today I'm going to show you a great way to counter a right hand. And what we're going to talk about today is how to parry swipe or swipe parry, however you want to look at it. Parry swipe the right hand. Okay. Now, I'm going to throw right hand at Danny. What he's going to do is he is going to turn his hips clockwise while he parry swipes my right hand to set pull me in to his right uppercut. Okay. And what or he could throw a straight right hand off it, but I like the right uppercut because of because of the art of this Perry swipe because what he's doing is he's it's more like it's he's making like a circular motion. Okay. With this parry, he's not parrying it straight across where he's that way. Okay. He is parrying my and bringing my arm down. He's kind of pulling me. It's okay. It's like a stirring motion or like a circular motion where he's parry swiping me. Okay. And it's going to pull me forward and into his right hand as well into his right uppercut. Okay. So, I throw the right hand. Look what he just did there. Beautiful. He's just coming down. Boom. Boom. And he's throwing the right hand. Beautiful. Beautiful work. That's it. Boom. Wow. Okay. It's the same thing on my side. If I was to throw it talking about is I'm taking his hand this way. See? Bringing him down. And what I'm doing, like I said, I'm turning my hips counter. I'm turning my hips clockwise. Okay? Turning my hips clockwise. to throw the right hand. Okay. Here. And it's kind of bringing him forward. Okay. Boom. Bam. All one motion. Bam. Right there. All one motion. Boom. All one motion. Bam. See that? So, that's just a beautiful, beautiful, beautiful move. One more time with Danny. Danny's doing it real nice because he's &gt;&gt; good. Taking that hand. &gt;&gt; Beautiful moving. Bringing that hand out. That's beautiful work. Boom. Beautiful. Just a real sneaky move right there. Um, take that into the gym. You can do it with partner drills just like me and him did it to get the timing down and um, the positioning of your hand. Those are all the details. and the position of your of what the way you're turning your hips. So, you're setting up your right punch. Like I said, everything goes east and west. Okay, he's turning. That's the way he's turning. He's turning clockwise. His hips are turning clockwise. Boom. Now, you got all that power in that right uppercut. Okay, so those are the details of it. Take it into the gym, work on it, partner drill up with it. Just a great great uh defense encounter. Don't forget to follow me on Instagram at Tommy Kelloo Boxing and Tik Tok and Facebook at Tommy Yiankell. Also, go to the website worldclassboxing gym.com and get on that email list so you guys are up to date with everything I have coming out. Also, don't forget to like, share, and subscribe. And I'll see you guys next time. Heat.