Kind: captions Language: en Today's video, I'm going to show you guys a real sneaky switch that you can use orthodox versus orthodox. If you're a southpaw, if it be southpaw verse southpaw, just reverse what we're doing here. What we're going to talk about is how to use a a drop step and a switch when a guy's trying to hit you with the lead hook. Okay, real sneaky move here. Real subtle. What I'm going to do is I'm going to try to I'm going to look to hit Danny with a left hook. When he starts to read that I'm going to throw the left hook. So, what I he sees me. I'm I'm getting ready to throw the left hook where I just kind of dip to try to set him up for the left hook. I try to dip and look to see if he's going to throw. See what he does there. He's going to go. What he's going to do is when I go to throw the left hook, he's taking that step out that way. Now, he's going to switch himself and throw his right hook from a southpaw stance right there. I'm going to throw the hook and he's drop stepping. That's it. So, the move is so just show them the footwork without me throwing the hook at you. What he's doing there is he's stepping and then he's stepping. See that? So, what he's doing is he's landing he's landing a right hook. Okay? So, he's stepping over with the left foot. Now, he's going to throw the right hook at the same time he steps with his right foot. Okay? So it looks like this and he does it. Boom. Boom. That's it. That's [clears throat] it. Now if I'm trying to throw So do one more time. He's ste with the right the left foot. There goes the right foot. So it's like we always talk about when you step and punch that hook is [clears throat] being landed when that right foot goes in position. This foot, this foot right here's the anchor. Right now that's the punch. That foot lands on the ground. So he's going right. That's it. Right. He's going He's going left, right. I should say left, right. See, left foot is stepping out. Boom. And he's landing that shot. Beautiful shot. He's going left, boom, right. So, what's happening is once he sees me grip like this, &gt;&gt; that's what he's catching me with. Okay. So, he I'm I'm gipping to throw the hook at him and that's what he want. Okay. A lot of times guys are, you know, I'm going to throw a left hook. He might he might roll with it, right? He might he might he could he could weave with it, right? All that kind of stuff. So he's like roll with it, come back with a hook, right? He could he could weave underneath it, come back, whatever. But what he's doing here is when he sees me dip instead. That's it. He's just switching over. He's shifting over, taking that left foot over. When I go to th That's what he boom. And he's throwing that right hand. Throwing that right hand. Beautiful shot. You see it from this angle. what he's doing. Like I said again, if I throw if I throw a left hook, he can he can roll with it, right? Like we talk about, see, he's he's right there. He's he's rolling my shot. Okay? Or or he can weave underneath or what? Okay, throw that shot, right? Or he can even fall in. Let's say he falls in to throw the hook to the body when I throw the he could fall in that way or he can also fall in where he drops the shoulder there. See [clears throat] all that stuff might see me go here. Now that's it. But this one here, what he's doing is I'm going he's just stepping over and what he's doing there. When he steps over the footwork, that's it. See, he's leaving the power. When he steps over, he's leaving the power right there on his right side. Now, he's bringing the power when he throws the right hand. And he's turning his hips counterclockwise to throw that right hand. Okay. So, when he steps over, that's it. Now, now that now what he's doing is he's he's got the weight here on his right hip flexor. Now he's turning he's turning his core and he's throwing that right hand by turning his hip his his waist. Okay. His waist counter clockwise. Okay. Beautiful shot. Okay. Beautiful shot. I go to hook him. I go to hook him. Boom. Now that time he he he throw it different, right? He's made the switch. But if if I if I go to throw the hook at him and he just slip boom boom. Beautiful shot. Boom. Right now you're going to a lot of people are going to say, "Well, he dips that way. He's moving into a right hand." See? But that's where it's nothing's cookie cutter. You have to have the anticipation and the timing. In boxing, there's nothing. You do this, I do that, and there's this magic magic potion. and everything's cookie cutter. You have to that's where where processing and ring ring IQ come and anticipation. So one of the things that he can do, okay, like I said again, it comes down to anticipation and ring IQ and processing. But what he can do to secure that I'm not going to throw a right hand when I dip to throw the left puck is he can use a forearm pin at the same time he makes that drop step. So in other words, I go here like that. that. Look what he just did. See, now I'm stopped. Say yes. As soon as I make that move to throw the hook, there he goes. Slow and he's throwing that shot right down the middle. Just a devastating punch. It's a beautiful move. Sees me to go through. Look at that. That's it. And he's going to keep that forearm on that thing. He keeps that. Look at that. Can keep you he can pin me right there. I'm going to throw the hook. That's it. [clears throat] Beautiful move. Hold it again. I go to throw the hook. Boom. You see me going to throw the hook. I'm going to throw the hook. Boom. See the thing that he can do, like I said, when he's doing that, he can keep that pin on me. He's throwing me off balance, too. So, I can't even reset myself to get away from the punch. So, I dip to throw the hook and he's got Look at that. That's it. Okay. Okay. So, that move is this. I'm going here. Boom. He's throwing that shot. That's just a beautiful shot. And I'm going to be doing a switches and shift instructional video. It's going to show some of the all-time greats of the past using switches and shifts. And uh it's a lost art today. You don't see too many guys doing it, but Danny is starting to put it together. So, make sure you guys keep an eye out for him because he is really putting those switches and shifts together. And we're going to be coming out with an instructional video. So to really I'm going to really break these things down and show you uh the different styles and guys that used it in different ways. Uh Mike Tyson, Willie Pep, uh you know, a lot of guys Marvin Haggler, uh Terrence Crawford, uh guys that would switch and but also guys that would shift, okay, like the great Willie Pep and uh Henry Armstrong, believe it or not, different styles. Like I said, some guys were using it switches and shift this box for some guys were using it to pick off the ring and be aggressive with it. So, make sure you guys get on the website so you guys are up to date with everything I have come come out. It's worldclass boxing gym.com and also follow me on Instagram at tommyello boxing and also tom yankello on Tik Tok and Facebook. And I'll see you guys next time. &gt;&gt; [music]