Kind: captions Language: en Today's video, I'm going to give you guys a move by the great Vasili Lmanenko, and we're going to talk about how he uses his little shift and shuffles over to his right side as a southpaw. At the same time, what he does is he's going to take my lead hand and pull it. Okay? He's going to pull it down. So, I can't throw the hook. So instead of him throwing a jab, he's just trying to hit me, hit me with a jab, hit me with a jab. What he does is he just takes his hand while he's shuffling over. That's it. That's right. And it's a it's a simultaneously move. Same time he does it, he steps. That's it. So I'm in my guard. That's it. That's it. What Danny's doing is he he's shifting up and over to his right. Okay. And what he's doing is he's he's turning his hips. He's turning his body. He's turning him He's turning it counterclockwise. Okay. He's turning it counterclockwise while he shifts his feet up and over. Up and over. So, it's it's like a it's a diagonal movement. He's not stepping straight out to the to his right. He's not stepping all the way up. He's stepping That's it. He's stepping is diagonal and up and over. He's bringing both feet. That's it. Both feet like that. And he's what he's doing is like I said, he's turning his hips counterclockwise so he can kick his left foot. his left foot is going to turn and go and go back. So, he's getting that angle more like a shuffle step where he's moving up and over. What he's doing is that's it. What he's doing is he's moving his his hips and his and he's moving his up and over, okay? And in somewhat of a diagonal movement. He's not moving laterally, okay? And he's not just moving straight up tight. He's kind of moving at this angle right here. And he's turning his hips counterclockwise, okay? And what he's doing is is it's it's a right left step. He's it's right foot stepping first, then the left foot. So what he's doing, he's pulling. Now he's taking the right foot. Now he's Now he's doing the left foot. Right. Now he's Now he's kicking back the left foot counterclockwise. The left foot's moving. That's it. And if you can hear his feet, what he's doing in real time and in in high speed, it's a shuffle. He's kind of shuffling his feet. That's it. Sliding the feet. Sliding and shuffling the feet. That's it. Beautiful. Okay. So, he's taking his right right foot over. When he takes my hand, when he takes my hand, he takes the right step. Okay. He's taking the right step first. Now, he's going to shuffle the left. That's it. It's like it's like the left foot starts to pivot over, right? So, he's taking the foot with the right foot's first. Now, he took the left foot. That's it. Now, in real time, it's just that's it. He's sliding that foot. It's not where he's doing like I said it's not a pivot where in other words you take the foot. Yeah. He's not doing that. So like let's say you a pivot would be where you take it. Now you take the right foot first. Right. Or you take my hand you take the right foot. Right. Now you just pivot back. We're not doing that. Okay. He's not doing he's not doing this where he's taking and then he's pivoting. Okay. He is shuffling up and over. That's it. Okay. So that's what I'm saying. when he takes that when he takes that left foot. He's not just pivoting it back. He's not doing that. Okay? He's pivoting up and over. That's it. He's really getting that angle. He's shuffling. He's shuffling his feet up and over. Okay? So, he's here. That's what he's doing. Okay? So, that's just a beautiful move that uh Facility uses. Um, make sure you guys follow me on Instagram at Tommykell Boxing and also Tik Tok, Tommy Yankeello, and also Facebook at Tommy Kelloo. And also go to the website worldclass boxing gym.com. Get on that email list. You guys are up to date with everything I have coming out. And I'll see you guys next time.