Kind: captions Language: en Today's video I'm going to teach you a way how you can counter the opposite side stances rear hand. Southpaw verse orthodox, orthodox verse southpaw. So Danny's the southpaw. I'm the right-hander. Like we I had talked about in the previous video how the golden rule is to always get your lead foot on the outside of the opponent, but that isn't true all the time. Okay, this is if you're a great fighter, no one dictates what way you have to go. And you learn how to set traps by going the other way. And you learn how to set traps, period. Okay? So, you can go both ways. So, and a lot of it comes down to your stance, which is I cover that on another day on how you can dictate where you can get your foot. Okay? It's all about fundamentals on how you can position yourself. Positioning beats speed, okay? So, and it the positioning gives you the opportunity to have more time for your own ring IQ and anticipation. But what we're going to talk about today is like I was talking about in my previous video, if if we both are just battling for this, battling for this, eventually we're going to run out of space, right? So, what I'm going to try to do sometimes is I'm going to say he wants that outside angle. I'm going to give it to him. Okay? I'm going to give it to him and I'm going to make him pay for for wanting it so bad. He thinks he wants it. I'm going to let him know that sometimes, watch what you wish for, right? So, he's stepping to the outside and I might bait him to throw his left hand. Now I just I just bow down, slip around. Now I got a great position. Boom. Boom. This is a great move done from the opposite side as a southpaw against a right-hander that my world champion Paul Spout 4 used to use all the time. In other words, what Danny would do if I got the outside is a southpaw. I throw my right hand and he's getting there. You go gets right to the outside. Now he's got an angle to land to land that punch. So I got the angle now. Now he's got me. See that? Beautiful. I get the angle. He b Yeah. You see how he f Now I want Boom. I might Now he's got me. See? And then like again again for me to do it on the right hand. He gets the outside and I might bait him. See what I did? I just He tries to hit me with that shot. Hit right. I slip it the same. As soon as I slip it, I get out. I pivot out. So, my weight's on my back leg and I'm here. Now, boom. Boom. See that? I pull my weight. I can bend my waist right there like that. He's got the outside angle. Throw the left hand. You got to throw it here. Boom. Right. Right there. Right. So, now he throws it. Now I went over my shoulder by me bending my waist. Okay, weight's on. I put it to my right hip flexor. Now it's on my right and I just drop step. Boom. Boom. See? So that's a beautiful move that you can use when the opponent gets the outside angle on you of the opposite stance and you can make him pay for it. It's just all about knowing your positioning, setting the trap, ring IQ. Okay, don't forget to follow me on Instagram at Tommian Boxing. Also, Tik Tok and Facebook at Tommy Yankeello. Get on worldclass boxing gym.com. Get on that email list. I'm going to be coming out with a lot more new stuff, so you guys want to keep up to date with that and look at look out for it. And I'll see you guys next time. Heat up here.