Kind: captions Language: en Today I'm going to show you how you can confuse your opponent with switches and set up a knockout. And what we're going to talk about today is a move a move by Dimmitri Perogue against Daniel Jacobs. And Danny's going to be Perogue and I'm going to be Jacobs. And what Perogue did in that fight is he was in his right-handed stance and he throws a jab and Jacobs kind of slipped the jab this way. Then when J when he slipped the jab, Peroke switches southpaw while he throws two jabs to the left of of of Jacob's. Okay. To the left of ear to his left ear. and the move and and the response that Jacobs did was when he threw the jab and he slipped the jab. Now when when per P perogue switches on him, Jacobs kind of sees that coming on that and he kind of raised up. Okay. And he sees something coming on this side. So his his response was to move to his right as well. He kind of raised up because the first jab he first jab he slipped. Okay. Then the sec the second two jabs he's going to step southpole and throw the jabs over there to the right. Now, Jacob stood up a little bit and he moved to his right. So, what he's doing here is when he throws the first jab, he went this way. Now, when those jabs came, boom, boom, he moves a little bit more to the right. Okay? And he raised up. Now, what Perau does is he steps right handed again and throws a jab and throws a right hand right over the top. Just a beautiful move. Okay, if you're here and you throw that jab coming at me and I slip it now, you step twice, two jabs, and I raise up. Boom. As soon as he threw that jab, his reaction was to move to his right and he actually raised up to be like, "Oh, what am I looking at here?" Because the first jab that he threw, it was from a right-handed stance and he slipped it. So then when he threw the the southpole jab, Yeah. he kind of threw it over a little bit more by his ear. Okay, now he threw this jab here. Now he throws now over there, right? So it kind of like made him move to the right and now paro. Boom. Just beautiful footwork. Beautiful footwork. And what was it was one jab, then two jabs southpaw, then a double jab right hand with it from orthodox. Okay, he's throwing a one jab as an orthodox boxer. Then he switches southpaw, throws a double jab as a southpaw, and then he turns it in back into a double jab right hand as a right-hander. Okay? So, what we're talking about is I'm going to slip the jab now. Get two jabs over there by my ear. I'm going to move to the right. Boom. Okay. And it was getting it was close to the ropes as well. So, what happened was when he threw that jab, he went that way. And then when he threw those jabs over that way, he come and now he's pinned up against the ropes as well. So he really didn't have anywhere to pivot or move. So it was a real cagey move where he, you know, he's he's pushing him where he wants to push him. As well as he's backing him up. He knows he's close to the ropes. He has nowhere else. He has nowhere else to go. He has nowhere else to go but into the ropes. Okay? He can't go back any further. Okay? Okay. So, he knew he had him there. He knew he had him. He didn't have another backward step that he could make. So, Parog Perog turns right hand and goes right back with a double jab. Right hand. So, it's the first jab. He slipped it. Second jab. Then he boom. And he's right here on the rope. Boom. And out he went. Knockout. So, just a beautiful, beautiful move. Show him one more time the way the footwork is. He's going right-handed. He's right-handed. Throws a jab. Now he brings that right foot forward. Okay, as he throws the jab, he's bringing the right foot forward. That's what he's doing. Then he throws another one just to keep him pushing him to the to his right. Okay. And and now he's going to switch. And now he's got him. Boom. Okay. So that's what he did. One more time. Just show them the footwork and show them how you're when he steps with the right foot. That's when he turns southpaw. Simultaneously he's throwing a jab. So the first jab's there. Then there's a jab as he turns southpaw. Another jab. Now he goes back. Two two jabs right-handed. Okay. And what he did there as a right-hander is he also he also boom boom. Now he steps with his left foot and throws another jab. Now here comes the right hand as a right cross over the top as a right-hander, as an orthodox fighter. So that's just a real sneaky little move right there. Um, make sure you guys follow me on Instagram at Tommian Boxing and also Tik Tok and Facebook at Tommy Kell. Also go to the website worldclass boxing gym.com. Get on the email list so you guys are up to date with everything I have coming out. Don't forget to like, share, and subscribe. And I'll see you guys next time. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat. Heat.