Kind: captions Language: en Today I'm going to show you something you can do if you throw a right hand and your opponent slips your right hand. Okay. So, what we're going to talk about today is throwing your right hand and the opponent slips the right hand. Okay. Now, the opponent slips the right hand and maybe he's going to try to throw a hook by slipping. He slips he slips to the outside of your right hand. Okay, now I throw the right hand and he's able to hook. See, he's able to maybe come over with the hook or even throw a left hook to the body. Okay, but what you can do is that when you throw that right hand, you can just use head control. Okay, people, that's that's like I said, processing and the ability to be able to process in real time. Okay. A lot of times, you know, you're trained to always throw your right hand and bring it back. Throw your right hand and bring it back. But that's not a lot of the all-time greats show you that that's not always what you want to do. Okay? It's not always what you want to do. If you learn how to process and you especially the tall guys that have that reach, right, and they throw that right hand and the guy's lower than them, they can just push down on their head. That's going to stop everything. Okay. Now, Danny just showed you the the counter to the counter. Right. So, what Danny did right there, another day, a video for another day, but we'll give you the bonus. Is that when anybody's trying to push down on your head, see what he did? And everybody will always talk about how you weave by just bending your knees, right? He's showing you, you put your head down. I can't have head control. If he tries to weave under that punch when I threw that right hand and just tried to see I still got it. But as he puts that head down, see that? And bend or bends at the waist. Bends bends at the waist, too. Look at that. See, now he's b Now he's back on the inside to throw counter punches. Okay, so that's a lesson for another day. We just gave you guys a bonus. But that shows you what we're talking about. Because if I throw the right hand and he doesn't put his head down or he doesn't bend at the waist and he just bends at the knees, I can He bends at the knees, I still got control. He He's trying to get underneath it. But I still got control. See, I still got control. Okay? Like if he tries to weave under that like that, I still got him. But once he bends the waist and puts the head down now, now he's Now look at that. See that? Okay. So, what we're going to talk about again is like I was saying, if a guy if a guy misses the right hand and he try to tries to throw the hook to the body, I can just I can just stop him by by just nudging him off like that. Just boom. That's it. He can't do I got head control. Okay, that's going to stop everything. Um, if he had his hands up when he's slipping it as well, he's got really got his hands up like in that kind of stance. I can deepen it and now not only I can go here with the head control, but what else I can do is really to jar him and he's not going to throw the punch is I can push that and I take the hand down and come back on hook. So in other words, I'm here and I can break it and shoot. I can throw the right hand, bring it down and throw the left hook. He really got his hands really glued up to the side of his face and I throw the right hand and he slips like that. Okay. I can also instead of going for head control, I can really jar him and pull that right hand down. It's simultaneously go here and pull it down and throw the hook. I can go here, pull it down, and throw the hook. Throw my right hand, pull it down, and throw the hook. Okay? So, that's something to take into the gym. Like I said, it's all about processing, okay? Because you're going to stop either either punch. If a guy tries to slip the right hand and go to your body, you got head control. It's going to come up short. Okay? You're really going to throw him out out of out of position. Okay? Now you can pivot out, throw your punches. Or if he tries to go to my head, I al I got it. See that? Now I can go boom boom. I can land the shots. Once I throw him off balance, I can either reposition myself or I can just, like I said, with that position there, I can I I can do one of two things. He go here. I can push him off. Okay. And I can start to boom, boom. Or I can here and pivot out. Boom. Boom. Get an angle on. By the time he gets his angle back, I've I've um I've attacked, right? I've made it. I I accomplished a a beautiful setup and a beautiful attack. Don't forget to like, share, and subscribe. Don't forget to follow me on Instagram at Tommian Kelloo Boxing, and also Tik Tok and Facebook, Tommy Kelloo. Also, go to the website worldclass boxing gym.com and get on the email list so you guys are up to date with everything I have coming out. And I'll see you guys next time.