Kind: captions Language: en Today's video, I'm going to show you guys how the great Evander Holyfield knocked out Buster Douglas to win the heavyweight championship in 1990, over 35 years ago already now. [sighs] And what happened in that fight was Evander used a foot faint with a with a lead hand faint with a jab faint. He fainted the jab and he used a foot faint at the same time. Okay? And what he did with that is he was in his he was in a nice little rhythm. Okay? And he has a nice little subtle rhythm. He's pushing off the balls of his feet. He got a nice little rhythm in his in his feet. Okay? He's not bouncing up on the balls of his feet like a lot of people always talk about bouncing up on the ball. No, no, no. He He's dropping his hips and then he's then he's pushing off the balls of his feet, right? And then what he does, what what he did in that fight was he's going to throw a little a little hand faint. At the same time, he's making a little jab step with his foot. He's fainting his foot. He's using a foot faint. He's stepping. And what happened with Buster Douglas is he tried to throw an uppercut from a distance, which was just really crazy. But he he was expecting a Vander to extend the jab, and he thought he was going to throw a right uppercut underneath the jab. And what Aander did is Aander he, like I said, he took a he jab step with made a nice little foot faint. At the same time, he brought his his left hand out just a little bit to really make it make him believe he was going to throw that jab. He went like that. Okay. Now, what he did when he threw that jab thing like that, Evander steps pushes off back off this foot and steps back with both feet and then throws the right hand. So, what he's doing is he's taking that he's jab stepping and then he's pushing off with both feet with with his front foot to slide both feet back. Okay, there's a little bounce back. A little bounce back what he's doing there. So, he's he's in his rhythm and he just that's what he's doing. So, like I said, he jab steps with his foot, makes a little and at the same time with his hand, he's stepping the front foot forward. Okay? And he's fainting with his with his hand at the same time. He's in that rhythm like that and he just boom like that. And that's what happened. He throws the uppercut. Buster tries to throw an uppercut right off of right off of when he fainted. And what a Vander does is he goes steps back with both feet and throws the right hand. And Buster Douglas was exposed himself because he throws that he throws that uppercut where Havana is right here and Evander will just he gets in that rhythm and he just and he throws the right hand. See? So he's there and he bounces a little bit nice little rhythm. Not no crazy bouncing up here. Just just a little bounce like this. Pushing off the balls of his feet. And then he hops back with both feet and throws the right hand. See he's when he takes that faint when he uses that faint and faints it here. He goes here like this. He's pushing off his front foot now to take the right foot back as well to make more distance. See, he's here and he goes here and now he pushes off. Now he's in position where he exposed Boxer Douglas and he can throw the right hand right down the middle, right? Hit him right on the chin. But okay, so he he's in that rhythm and he just boom. One time boom. That's what he's doing. Bang. Boom. It's a faint. It's a faint. That's it. the uppercut. He's a faint and then he's pushing off both feet. Faint. Push off. Throw the right hand. I let Danny work it. Same thing. Danny's going to That's it. I thought I think I'm going to get that uppercut. He thought he was going to get the uppercut. He's That's it. Oh my. That's it. Beautiful. See, so just to show you in reality where the punch landed as well as was when he throws that faint, when he throws that faint, see Buster Douglas try tries to throw the uppercut. When he sees the faint, he tries to throw the uppercut and then he knows that he he he knew that he bit on something bad. Was in his bad position. He tried to pull it back, but it was too late because Vander was already in position. He hopped back and then Buster Doug pulls this left hand back. Boom. And he takes the shot right on the left side of the chin. See? So he's he's fainting at him. He throws it now when he's bringing it back. Boom. And he's catching him right on the left side of the chin and and he knocks him off for the count and wins the heavyweight championship of the world. So that's a good little faint that you can use though, you know. Um a lot of times you're not going to get a guy to to bite on the uppercut, you know, but you can get him to bite on a jab. You get him to bite on throwing a straight right hand and you can counter. So, that's a good little faint that you can use in the gym and experiment with it. Uh, a lot of times you're not going to get the guy to bite on the uppercut, but you're going to get him to bite throwing a jab or throwing a right hand and you can counter. So, that's something like I said, practice it. Take it into spawn. Practice it. Try it. Experiment with it. See how you can make it work. Um, don't forget to follow me on Instagram at Tommy Kelloxing. Uh, also Facebook at Tommian Kelloo and also Tik Tok at Tommy Kelloo and also go to the website worldclassboxing gym.com and get on that email list and so you guys are up to date with everything I have coming out and I'll see you guys next