Kind: captions Language: en Do you ever have a hard time finding your range when you're fighting a southpaw or a southpaw when you're fighting a right-hander? This is a video for you. I'm going to show you how using your lead hand like the great Vladimir Klitschko or also like Roberto Duran used to use it when he used to fight southpaws and he used to we he used to call it touch and go. The reason it is is because why it's touch and go is your your rear hand is longer than your lead hand when you twist your hip over. Okay? When you have your weight back, again, old school. When you have your weight and your head back on your right leg, when you got that range that you're when you're touching with the left hand, if I touch here and I'm able to touch his gloves, okay, I know if I touch his gloves that I got another six inches on my right hand. Okay? Because my right hand when I twist it has that much more distance. Okay? I don't have to touch the guy with my jab to land my right hand. If I touch his glove, then I know when I twist my right hand over, I got that much more distance. Okay? Touch the glove. That's touching. That's all I need is to be this close. In other words, you're trying to find your range. If you can touch the gloves, guess what's behind the gloves? The opponent's head. Okay? So, if you can touch the gloves, you can touch you can touch his head. Okay? If you can touch his lead hand, okay? And you could touch the gloves period either the rear hand or the lead hand with your lead hand. Okay? You can land your rear hand when you turn it over. Okay? So it can become a chain a change. It's a change of speeds. Okay? It's a change of speeds is why it's touch and go because I'm going I'm touching at one speed and I'm going with my rear hand at another speed. Okay? That's the detail of it, right? So I'm touching I'm touching Vladimir Klitschko. He was touching Chris Bird. Touching Chris Bird. And then bam. And then he throws the right hand from right here. He got his right hand stored here. So he's that right hand is even closer to his target. Okay. And he's back here. And he's back here. And he throws that right hand. He's got that fisted 45. And he just shoots that right hand right down the middle. Okay. So he's touching the gloves. Touching the gloves. He knows he knows this is all the further he's got to get. This is all the further he's got to be. Boom. To land the right hand. Because if I touch you here, I got that much more distance to travel to throw that right hand. If he doesn't catch it, if he got his guard here, I'm going right down the middle and I'm landing that right hand. Okay? So, I'm here. I'm here. Boom. Okay. That's all the further I got to be is right there. I'm close enough from right there. I don't have to step closer to get touch with my jab to land my right hand. If I I can find my range where I touch right here. Okay. I'm I'm close enough right there. If I can touch the glove that I throw the right hand right there, when I twist that my hip over, I'm landing that right hand. Okay? And that's what Vladimir Klitschko did. He would be like this. He touch, he touch, and then wham, he throw the right hand. Touch, touch, touch. Boom, touch, touch. Boom. He's throwing that right hand. Okay. Roberto Durant a lot of times he'd always p with his jab. He he'd play like he'd play like um possum, you know what I mean? That's really just a nice little paw jab. A lot of times he'd come he'd come he he might even be out of range. Then he then he'd just touch with that jab right there and he'd throw his right hand. Okay, that's what he would do. His hands here. Especially if the guy is got his hands on the side of his face. All I got to do is touch that glove. E see that's even that's even he's I'm even if I could touch that glove to the outside of that glove, I got range to throw my right hand. If he's got his guard out a little further, that's still close enough. Okay, that's still close enough that I if I just touching the glove, I don't got to be up against his face to touch the glove. If he's got his hand out there and I'm able to touch that glove like that. So, if I'm playing pause and I'm playing poss and go, touch and go. Touch and go. Touch and go. See that? I'm out of range. I'm out of range. As soon as I get in range and I can touch the gloves, I just touch. Boom. I know I'm there. I know I'm there. So, my goal is while I'm walking to my guy, I might be out of range. Back up. And he's backing up. And I'm walking to him. I'm walking to him. And I might as soon as I as soon as I feel like I'm in range or I could touch that glove. And if I touch that glove, touch and go. See, I know my I know where I'm at. I might I might throw the first one on and say, "Okay, I'm two or three inches away." This is key, too. I could be out of range two, three inches away. Okay. So I know if I take a two or three inch step now I got my hand. So even before I throw my that hand I know I'm ready to throw that right hand because the first one I throw I'm like okay I'm two I'm two or three inches away from that hand. I'm two or three inches away from that hand. So now I just it just inch my feet up. Now I know I'm touch and go. See that? So from a south pole it's the same thing. It's just the opposite side. He's touching that. He's touching. He knows he that's it. Touching my glove. Touching my glove. Boom. Boom. And he got that. See? Got that. If I keep it in here right where it should be, I can catch it. If I don't, it's coming right up the middle. If I'm here, boom. He touch and go. Boom. Boom. Okay. So, that's the key. Like I said, if you're coming, if I'm coming to the guy, I'm coming to you again. And I I could be out here and I could just play sneaky but play play possum game where I'm like, okay. And I'm saying to myself, okay, that was a that was three inches away from touching that glove. So now I'm going to inch up. Now I'm going to touch it and shoot. Why I why I went here the first time I said I ain't close enough right now because I I'm about two three inches away. So now I step up. Now I as soon as I step up, I play that game again. It's a speed change where I'm just going to touch it. Just going to touch it and shoot. Okay? So, it's the speed change that makes that such a great move, too. Okay? Because you're just touching with the left hand, and then you're turning the speed up on the rear hand. And that touch is finding you that range to turn that right hand in there. Don't forget to like, share, and subscribe. Don't forget to also follow me on Instagram at Tommy Kelloxing, Tik Tok, and Facebook at Tommy Kell. Also, go to the website worldclass boxinggm.com. Get on that website you guys so you guys are up to date with everything I have coming out. be coming out with some new stuff and I'll see you guys next time.