Kind: captions Language: en I'm going to show you a way south Paul verse orthodox or actually period how to use your lead hand to really confuse your opponent. Okay, and to set up an attack. And this is this is something that Ol Xander Usyk uses with his lead hand. And what he does is he makes little circles with his lead hand. Okay? And what he's doing there is he's he is giving you something to look at. And what he's doing when he does it, he's also his whole body is in rhythm with that. So he's able to attack off it with with velocity. He gets himself. Again, this is another reason why rhythm is so important. Okay? It's like people don't understand even like when they hit the speed bag, they think that the speed bag I hear so many people say, "What does that possibly do to transfer a into a box room? It only it only teaches you all the things that you need is like timing, right? Hand eye coordination, rhythm, hand and eye coordination, rhythm, and timing. Okay? And anticipation. When you're hitting that speed bag, you have to anticipate. It's building up that timing reflex. It's building up that rhythm. People don't realize how important rhythm is. And what he does with this lead jab is he gets his whole body in rhythm. He doesn't just move little circles like this. What he does is he goes like this. See, he's dropping himself down. He's changing his level. And you got something that's circling. Okay? And that's another thing that people don't understand is that movements. Okay? Movements. It's like it's very hard to follow things going up and down. Okay? It's a little bit easier to follow things going left and right. However, he's mixing them both together because he's making a circle. He's doing he's drawing a little circle over top your head almost. Okay. While he's doing it, while he's doing that, here it comes. It's over to your peripheral. Then it's up. Then it's over this way. Then it's coming down. Okay. So, when he does that, he is also what he does is he drops his hips. He drops his hips. He drops his hips. He drops his hips. Okay? And now he's able to take that and do whatever he wants to do with it. You can throw it here. He's really giving you something that's confus. That's you are really like having something that you have to look at. Okay. And he's also in a position where he might go down and throw the left hand over the top. He can go this way and throw his hook. Okay. He can go here. He he can also go here, pull the hand down, throw his left hand. Okay? There's all kinds of things he can do. Right? So when he's dropping that level, he might go down here and then shoot you to the body. fake down the body. Come over the top to the head. Come back with his left hand. So, he's drawing little circles, little circles, little circles, little circles. Boom. Over the top. Left hand. He's always giving you not just giving you this. He's giving you this. Now it's down. Now it's up. Now it's down. Now it's up. Now it's down. Now it's up. Now it's down. Now it's up. Now it's Now it's down. But it's also going from right to left. So them little circles are a little bit little bit different than just I'm gonna fake up, fake down, fake up, fake down, fake up, fake down. He is actually drawing little circles while he's going down. Now it looks like it's going you're going to be down. Okay, he's going. Now it looks like it's going to be down. He could come over the top. Now it looks like he's going to be down. Now he can come over here. Now he can bring his hand your eyes over this way. Then he could come across and just swipe or just bring the hand in front so he can throw the left hand. So he's getting it over here. He can just put it in front of your face. Okay? However he wants to do a back hand, whatever he wants to do. Back hand to throw the left hand. Okay? He can go here and then come back this way and throw his left hand over the top. So let's say he goes this way and draws a circle and goes here. Now if you have the hand up, he can he can take this and just pull it. He can just backhand swipe it. Throw the left hand over the top. He can He can go this way and pull it this way. He can do He don't have to keep his hand this way. He can pull his hand this way. He can take it back this way. He can swipe it this way. I mean, whatever he wants to do, okay? He's got all kinds of different things. He can bring it over here to the to the outside here and then bring your hand and pull your hand down because you don't know what he's going to do with that hand because it's so unpredictable because he's moving them little circles. moving them little circles. See? Moving them little circles. And he got his whole body in rhythm. Whole body in rhythm. Whole body in rhythm. Whole body in rhythm. Boom. Whole body in rhythm. Boom. Whole body in rhythm. Okay. He can even go where he's going here and he just boom over the top. Okay. He can go here. He can go this way. Pull it. Shoot the left hand. And he got his whole body in rhythm where the point where he's going here. He's like this. He hands up. He's here and he goes bam and throws it. Okay. So, Danny, even from a right-handed position, right-handed, this is South Paul versus our sororce dogs. Danny's a right-hander. Same thing. He's see that that is making me feel like where is that? Yeah. And then then again, what he just did is also what he does as well. You threw it he threw a faint in there with the circle. So, that's very good as well is what he'll do. He's drawing a little circles like this and then [clears throat] he'll faint too. He'll faint and come in. So, he's drawing he's drawing faint. Get you to have a rep. faint where he might go here and he could go that way with the hook or he can go here and faint you down and come over the top. Right. Or go here and faint you down and come over the top with the left hand. So as a right-hander Danny's got see. Yes. Beautiful. Right. Right. All that kind of stuff like that. So as you notice what he's doing there. do what you're doing. You can see that his whole body is in rhythm. See, that's it. Whole body is in rhythm. All right. And I'm seeing something and I'm like, "Right." See, I don't know where that hand is going. See? And he can turn it. He can reverse the circle too. Right. Beautiful. So that circle is really making it difficult of to predict. It's a very hard thing to predict. Very very good. Um just a great move. Go watch go watch how he uses that. Um I'll put a little clip and show you guys how he uses it. But he uses that beautifully. And that's something that, like I said, it takes repetition to really know all your moves off of it and the spots to put it in and the things to do off of it to confuse your opponent and how you can really set the opponent up. Don't forget to like, share, and subscribe. Don't forget to follow me on Facebook and Tik Tok, Tommy Yangello, and Instagram, Tommy Boxing. Also, go to the website, worldclass Boxing.com. Get on that email list. You guys are up to date with all the stuff I have coming out. I'm going be coming out with some new stuff and I'll see you guys next time.