Kind: captions Language: en Today's video, I'm going to show you a punch that's rarely taught. It's not like any of the other basic punches that people always work on. And that punch is a vertical fist uppercut. Okay? So, we're on the inside. If I throw a regular uppercut and the guy's got the high guard and I and I go to twist that punch with my fist, he can sometimes he can close that a little bit and he can get it where that twist makes it harder when I rotate my fist and the fist is horizontal. It makes it a little more difficult to get through the guard. Okay? So, it's the same body mechanics, but you just don't turn the fist. Now, as a vertical fist, he can get it can get in there tighter. It can get into the title tight a tighter guard. A horizontal fist is a little bit tighter. Okay? And at the same time, a lot of times it's not as hidden. What I mean by that is when I start to turn that shot, he can see it coming. Okay? He can see it coming and he can tighten his guard up. But if I throw that shot vertical, a lot of times he doesn't see it. It just boom, it goes. I don't have that extra little twist. And that extra little twist where he can see it. It goes in the glove comes in front of him where his eyes are able to see it. If I'm on this angle, I can shuffle that vertical through the guard where he doesn't he doesn't see it coming because the hand doesn't rotate where he can see it as soon, right? It doesn't rotate at all with the vertical fist. So, right here, he has a split set to see it and tighten it up when it's horizontal. Okay, here the vertical I can let it go and I can just bring it from behind his elbow where he's if you got the high guard like we always talk about the high guard there, there's that blind spot. He can I can throw that vertical shot right in there and he doesn't see it. Vertical fist. That fist is like that. Okay. So, if you see it from this angle, what I'm doing is he can't see it because he's got his He's got the high guard and he's got his glove over his left eye and my right hand is outside is is at a at an angle that's outside of his right arm and his right hand and his right elbow. So when I throw that vertical uppercut, see a vertical uppercut, he's not seeing it. If I throw it horizontal, he can see it a split second where he can make an adjustment. Here, I just shoot it right in there. It's the same mechanics, body mechanics. I'm turning my hips counterclockwise. When I throw the horizontal uppercut, he can tighten it up, right? But when I throw the vertical, he has less likely of a chance to tighten it up. You have a higher odds on being able to sneak it in there. Okay? Because I got it there. I'm just turning my body the same way coming here. Boom. And it's and it's going to be able to sneak through easier like this than like this. It's a game of inches, okay? It's only a couple inches, but it's there's a difference there if you look what I'm talking about. And like I said, he doesn't see it as easy because the angle that you're throwing the uppercut and it's getting through there smoother and smooth is fast. There you go. Right there. Smooth is fast. And it's getting through there smoother because it's vertical. when I turn it. Okay, there's that little bit of split second where he could he could possibly tighten it up and block it. Okay, there it is right there. It's horizontal now. The same position that he was before. Vertical. If you if you got your hand right in there, horizontal. Vertical is getting in. Horizontal is getting blocked. Vertical is getting in. Horizontal is getting blocked. Horizontal, he's able to squeeze and tight it. Vertical, I'm able to get it in there. Boom. Okay. Danny could just show you from this angle, from his side. See, he's there. I can't see it if I got my high guard on. Tilt. Boom. It's coming. Boom. He throws it. If he throws it horizontal, I might be able to see a little bit better. But if he releases it vertical, it gets in there quicker and smoother. It gets in there smoother. I mean, being on the end of that right there, I can see that when he throws it horizontal, throws it horizontal, throws it horizontal, I can see it throws it vertical, it's getting in there a little smoother. So, that's a punch that you can work on and perfect. It's a really good punch throwing it horizontal like that because like I said, it's a little bit it's a little bit more direct. There's no rotation of your hand. It's a It's a smaller surface squeezing through a smaller area. Okay. So, the the horizontal has more of a chance on him having time and having because because it's ver it's horizontal. He doesn't even have to squeeze as much to block it. On the vertical, he'd have to squeeze he'd have to make an adjustment more of an adjustment to block it because it's a smaller target coming through a smaller area. Okay. And horizontal is a little bit bigger. So, he's going to be able to have he's going to have a chance on blocking it easier because he doesn't have to make as much of an adjustment as well. Okay. So, go to Instagram and follow me at Tommy Kelloboxing and also Tik Tok and Facebook, tomian Kelloo. Also, go to the website worldclass boxinggey.com. Get on that email list as I got a whole lot of new stuff coming out. You guys stay up to date. Stay tuned and I'll see you guys next time.