Kind: captions Language: en Have you ever wondered what the hell is in the water of Dagistan? &gt;&gt; Well, you will after you get to know this fighter. &gt;&gt; Wow, he just stopped a threetime Muay Thai world champion. &gt;&gt; You see, this fighter is so ridiculous and so spectacular that he's now being called Dagistan's Bruce Lee. &gt;&gt; Baseball man flat lines. Yes, the Daggerstani Bruce Lee is the fanciest legitimate striker we have seen in this era. &gt;&gt; Is a serious contender. &gt;&gt; One hit knockouts from every single technique. &gt;&gt; He's all over. &gt;&gt; Just send me name and I come here and do my work. &gt;&gt; I'm here. &gt;&gt; Send me a message like location. Most people have never heard of him, but once they do, they find his flexibility and spinning attacks incredible. &gt;&gt; Spinning back fist KO. &gt;&gt; After watching him, people literally think he's [music] a character from a fighting game. You see, he has the most epic ax kicks of this generation. The type we haven't seen since Annihoo. [music] Dagastani Bruce even has the most epic spinning back fist since Manton Gibson. The black Bruce Lee. The black Bruce Lee was hailed the Muay Thai Slayer for defeating some of the most legendary Mai fighters of all time with spinning. Manson Gibson would be proud of Dagistani Bruce Lee if he saw him today. But better than any legend we have ever seen in combat sports and what Annie Hoo and Manson Gibson never did is that this young 20-year-old prodigy has legendary boxing and Muay Thai fundamentals. This is why I consider him the perfect fighter. &gt;&gt; Good golly, Miss Molly. &gt;&gt; Not only is he basically untouchable, he also has the ridiculous spinning fists and spinning kicks of the Black Bruce Lee. He has the question mark kicks of Sanchi and Lzilla. He has the perfect footwork of the Soviet style of boxing. He has perfect Muay Thai fundamentals. On top of all of that, he has knockout power on every single technique he throws. This is why he's undefeated. There has never been a fighter like him in the history of combat sports and his resume shows this too. 11-0 with nearly all knockout wins in one championship. If you don't know who he is, you are in for a treat. Be prepared [music] to meet the most spectacular fighter of our generation. Five fans and welcome back to another episode of Legendary Striking. Today we explore the legendary rise of Azadullah Imangazalv Dagistan's Bruce Lee. In this episode we look at how he knocked out all of his world-class opponents with a ridiculous flashy and beautiful style. [music] Watching Aadoula is like watching combat art. A fusion of the best fundamental techniques [music] in striking with the fanciest. We promise you that you have never seen striking like what you'll be seeing from Dagastani Bruce. [music] As Aadulla Eangazalv's rise in Muay Thai is nothing short of spectacular. [music] At only 19 years old, he became the Russian Muay Thai champion not once but twice. At 20 years old, he conquered the Olympics of Muay Thai, the prestigious [music] IFMA tournament. But he didn't just win. He flawlessly whirlwinded his way to victory. In the finals, he didn't just fight anyone either. He defeated a reigning world champion from Thailand. Once Azadulla conquered [music] the Olympics of Muay Thai, he moved into the big leagues. First stop, Rajadam Stadium. He comes out with a tomahawk elbow to send a warning. [music] The commentators knew this one is a double whammy. &gt;&gt; It's a double whammy. He's Russian and he trains out a venom tie. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. &gt;&gt; He can't be bad. cut. &gt;&gt; Then a beautiful tie hop to fake the push kick into a picture perfect one two [music] over the opponent's modified shell guard. Then Dagghastani Bruce side kicks to shock the opponent and then into a flying knee making the commentators [music] go wow. &gt;&gt; Oh wow. Russian fighter flying right now. &gt;&gt; Then he switches stance in a southpaw. Fakes with the lead [music] hand into a high kick over the guard no one can see coming. Knowing the opponent is rocked, he switches back to Orthodox and snipes him with a one-two again. To finish the job, he jumps in with a flying knee again. The commentators were so impressed that they said he made flying knees look easy, &gt;&gt; making [music] left high right kicks and flying knees look easy. &gt;&gt; It didn't matter that the opponent's hands were up. Bagstan's Bruce [music] Lee was so sharp that he sent the flying knee past the part where his opponent was blocking. The opponent thought the flying knee was coming up the middle, but instead it came up from the side. This was Rajadamn, one of the most sacred stadiums in Muay Thai history. and the kid from Dagasthan just made it look like a tutorial. Asadoula then arrived in one championship, the biggest organization in striking. As soon as the fight starts, Bagghistani Bruce catches a low kick into a thunderous cross. He's able to weave in and out like the tie has never seen before. Every punch blitz has the opponent's full attention, and he barely gets away from a lightning high kick. As Adulla knows he's got the momentum now and launches in with a thudding dar jab, follows up with a cross into an uppercut, followed by a low kick as the opponent is already on the way down. Clearly rocked, the opponent gets up like a warrior, but is immediately hit with spinning techniques. Not giving up without a fight, the tie lands a head kick. But this only activated the Daggerstan Bruce Lee. He pours on the combos and continuously hunts Petong Sadi. A couple of these exchanges and Asadulla decides he's sin enough. He swings an overhand to set up a perfect whirlwind spinning back fist to knock out the opponent. Right away, he knew the fight was over. First fight in one championship, flawless knockout. A message sent to the entire division against Bobby Jean Israeli offdoul came out harassing his lead leg with calf kicks, blow kicks and tes. Once he scored many [music] times with his kicks, the opponent rushed in. That's when Daggerstan's Bruce Lee slammed the thunderous jab and overhand to finish the night. As the opponent came in, he fainted a push kick only to set up the perfect punches before the third punch had a chance to land. The opponent was already knocked out. Two fights, two knockouts, both completely different. It's really hard to prepare for such an adaptable fighter whose style changes every fight. Against dead door leg, the tie fighter was game. He made Dagstan's Bruce Lee miss a [music] low kick and then touched him with a head kick. But Dagistani men are made out of titanium. So Azadullah [music] jabbed him back right away. After a beautiful exchange, the tie comes in only to get hit by Azadulla's signature TE faint into jab. Dagistani Bruce decided it was enough and throws a front kick into a spinning back fist, which almost lands flush and even leans back perfectly to evade a big counter shot. Then dead dwang leg gets hit by something he's never been hit with before. A perfect ax kick. The tie even fires a perfect shot to Dagastani Bruce's nuts. But just like the black Bruce Lee, no damage gets done. If you need a reminder, here's a bunch of beautiful moments where no damage gets done to the black Bruce Lee due to being trained in iron muts. Against Daggeran's Bruce Lee, this only activated him more. And after deliberately missing a high kick, he sets up a perfect spinning back fist. Not only does he land the perfect spinning back fist, but he even whirlwinded around for a spinning left hook to end the night. I don't know if Dagistan's Bruce Lee ever studied Manson Gibson, but he sure fights like him. He can even do the Manson Gibson's whirlwinds left hook, which I've never seen anyone else do. Three fights, three knockouts. This young prodigy can do it all and with style. Axe kicks, spinning back fists, whirlwind left hooks. Think this kid is special? Well, in his legendary rise, he is just getting started. In Dagastani Bruce Lee's next fight, he fought the Moroccan Muhammad Tali for a $100,000 contract. Most people thought this Moroccan guy was crazy. Why? Because he could take an infinite amount of thunderous blows from Dagistani Bruce. Most people have never seen anyone take so [music] much punishment and still be standing. He deserves all the credit in the world [music] because he's the only person that Dagistani Bruce has fought in the big leagues that he hasn't knocked out. The most damaging thing in this first round was probably the slip on the floor he had on himself. In all seriousness, whether it was an axe kick, hook kick, question mark kick, spinning fist, sidekick, or spinning elbow. Dagger Stanley Bruce landed it all. The Moroccan guy was indeed a crazy warrior. But in the second round, Azadulla did not hold back anymore. He lands a thudding push kick to the Moroccan's face as he charged in, following it up with a spinning back fist, stumbling the opponent, and then comes in with an overhand into a perfect jumping high knee to the head. This is just absolutely ridiculous coordination followed by a blitz punching combination. When the opponent tries to fight back with a high kick, Dagastani Bruce slides back so fast that the high kick almost hits the ref instead. Then, as Azadullah pressured and Muhammad came in, he gets check left hooked and then overhanded, not once but twice, and he finally drops to the floor. Very game opponent, but then he gets hit with a spinning hook kick and before he could truly recover, another front kick to the head. At this point, Azadullah puts on a striking masterclass with punching fundamentals. He could choose to dominate this fight with any striking style he wants. A whirlwind of blows since Muhammad flying across the ring. In the third round, Dagastani Bruce decided he wants to spin a lot. So any chance he got to spin, he took it. Lots of spinning kicks and spinning elbows. After getting hit with a good shot or two, Azadullah would return to perfect fundamentals to score relentlessly. It was absolute dominance. When the fight finished, Muhammad raised his own hand, not because he thinks he won, but because he knew just surviving was a victory. Dagastani Bruce did give him props as it was welld deserved. The crazy [music] Moroccan guy fought with crazy hearts. But this is Azadullah's story against Denpulai. He came out with a front kick to the face right away. Then he puts on a punching blitz which invites the tie forward only to sweep him [music] right away. His calf kicks repeatedly land as do his front kicks to the face. Then he lands a signature axe kick and when the opponent tries to counter, he gets met with a chain cross instead. Dagastani Bruce Lee could basically land anything he wanted, which meant the opponent had to forcefully charge and make it a chaotic fight. But Asadulla has so much finesse that when there was a charge, he'd ultimately spear him with a stance switch cross. As the doula thought the fight was finished, but he was wrong for now. He puts on a clinic again and another beautiful sweep. The opponent tries to wrestle him to the ground, but just like the unstoppable Black Bruce Lee, he won't go to the floor unless he wants to. Eventually, Azadullah has seen enough and he fires his signature ax kick again into a spinning elbow for good night. Before the opponent is on the floor, Azadullah is even pushing him down with the arm he just spinning elbowed from. Absolutely ridiculous. Somehow, Denai gets back up. A [music] true warrior, but he gets sent back down with a flurry of perfect punches again. Five fights, four knockouts. Nobody in the division has come close to solving him. But can a truly legendary opponent solve the perfect fighter? So, One Championship did what they had to do. They gave him a true legend. In Dagastani Bruce Lee's next fight, he fights one of the most decorated fighters in striking history. In case you don't know who Payak is, he's one of the most decorated Muay Thai fighters of all time in Thailand. He's won the Lini Stadium title a total of four times and the Ratchadon stadium title twice. As a three-time winner of the most prestigious sports writer fighter of the year, Panak is a certified GOAT with an incredibly thunderous left kick. He is feared by many, but not Dagastani Bruce. You can see his composure as Pampeak did the white crew and Azadullah just walks around with a cold stare. When the fight starts right away, Azadulla lands a calf kick which damaged Pampak immediately. Then he lands two more. This strategy makes it very hard for Pampak to set his base for the thunderous left kick which he loves. Throughout the fight, Pampak was able to get away from the front kick and spinning fist setups. But while Pampak could see and defend against Dagastani Bruce Lee's most fancy attacks, he couldn't deal with the calf kicks. Just when Pampeak was looking like he was building momentum, Dagastani Bruce shows the world just how dangerous he is. As Azadulla comes in with a roundhouse, Pampak does too. But Dagastani Bruce lands first on the head. The attempt to block was too late. This knockout was so impressive that when he turned to his corner, all the master trainer could do was say, "Wow!" Six fights, five knockouts, a legend taken out. So, what does one championship do? They give him another legend. In Azadullah's next fight, he is so ridiculous that when he akon, he turned it into a 1-in sidekick and pushed his head away when the legend wanted to charge. This is even more ridiculous when you consider that the opponent is Gong Tolani, a three-time Muay Thai world champion and two division Rajadam known champion. The first round was mostly dominated by Azadullah. At long range, he's basically unstoppable with his power and accuracy. Gong Tani [music] had a few moments, but he was flustered by the technical storm. But in round two, Dagastani Bruce throws a classic jab, cross, and left hook to the body, followed by a calf kick. Then he follows up with a signature flying knee [music] to the head and almost finishes with an up knee to the head. Gong Tani was already rocked, [music] but puts on a great poker face as a duller knows this and slams his spa &gt;&gt; push kick for a knockdown. Gong Tani gets up like a warrior but gets left hooked to the body for good night. In this fight, we saw why Dagastani Bruce is so dynamic. Spinning back fists, ax kicks, question mark kicks, flying knees, 1-in sidekicks, whirlwind left hooks, push kicks, dirty boxing, and perfect punching fundamentals underneath all of it. Seven fights in one championship, [music] six knockouts, now destroying legends with ease. This is why I call him a perfect fighter. This is a fighter who can do it all. And no one should ever underestimate him because he's just young and skinny. In just a few days, Azadullah is now set to [music] fight against the king of kings, Nong. This fight will be for the one championship Muay Thai world title. Every fighter Asdulla has faced so far has been dangerous, but Nong O is different. Nong O is the final test. The last legend standing between Dagstan's Bruce Lee and the throne. Although Nong O is a generational [music] legend and one of my favorite technicians, I believe Azadullah has the opportunity to become the new king of this era. No one should ever count Nong O though. So, this is said to be an epic fight no matter what. What do you think will happen in the fight? Let us know in the comments. By the way, if you're a longtime subscriber, thank you for staying with [music] me all these years. Since we're featuring a Russian fighter, I'll take this opportunity to share a bit about the journey I went on. In short, I was the last protetéé of Dr. Michael Yesessis, who is the godfather of Soviet sports science in the West. As his last mentee, I discovered [music] a few training innovations which allowed me to train legends. One of the legends that validated my innovation was Borcow. I look forward to sharing my full story and these ideas with you all soon. I'm Lawrence Kenchin [music] and thank you for watching another episode of Legendary Striking. The best way you can support us is to watch another episode. If you want to learn from legends directly, simply go to my website laenskenchin.com. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Heat. Heat.