Kind: captions Language: en What happens when you train the left kick one million times? A shot to the leg of you just ended this thing in the first. &gt;&gt; This Mai genius trainers left kick so many times that he knocked out countless legends with it. &gt;&gt; Reigning at the top of one championship, he paved his way to the pinnacle with style. &gt;&gt; With such a calm demeanor, it's hard to believe he is fighting the best in the world. He's so calm and collected. One of the best poker faces in all of striking. &gt;&gt; He almost makes it look too easy without even trying to. not the only reason fight fans love him. &gt;&gt; There are stars and they're superstars. &gt;&gt; You see, the ladies love him. &gt;&gt; But on this channel, we never objectify fighters like how the ladies objectify Bora. &gt;&gt; He's kept the looks of the talent, the golden boy. &gt;&gt; Beyond his handsome look, we are taking his skills seriously with the utmost depth that it deserves. This young legend doesn't just possess raw power either. Instead, he harnesses extreme fundamentals and fight IQ. These attributes make him look unparalleled in his division. Packing ferocious power with every shot. This heartbreaker and arm breaker is Dawanchai. The multi-time one featherweight Muay Thai world champion. &gt;&gt; A once in a generation talent shows why Tawanchai is a once in a generation athlete. Fight fans, welcome back to another episode of Legendary Striking. In this episode, we explore Dwin Chai's unstoppable left kicks. It could be over as long as his body allows &gt;&gt; changes stances and plans just narrowly move &gt;&gt; with a powerhouse technician style. Dawanchai has made a name for himself throughout the combat sports world beating some of the very best Muay Thai and kit boxing has to offer. So, how was Dawanchai able to beat the best? What makes him so unstoppable? In this breakdown, we explore the legendary success of Dowanchai's left kick. The most important techniques that took him to the superstardom of Muay Thai. The Southpaw advantage. The Southpaw left kick when used correctly is a superpower. These ruthless kicks remind us of the original Southport legend, Sam Gar, the greatest left kicker of all time in Muay Thai. These legends could throw the left kick over and over again. It's as if they were playing a video game and spamming the kick button. And here's the best thing about it. What can their opponents do? Absolutely nothing. From a technical or even a spamming perspective, the left kick can re. As I always say, if a pattern works, exploit it ruthlessly. The fighter who possesses a ruthless weapon should never be afraid to throw it. As Sam himself put it, Dawai style. Dawanchai is what we call a power technician. He has the power to finish his opponents with one shot. He has the ability to read his opponents like a book. This is the evolved mimmer, a technician who can finish opponents. This means he's operating in a completely different dimension from most fighters. There's many elements that allow him to set up the left kick perfectly and will examine the different techniques in his style. The TE Banchai perfectly measures the distance of his opponents with his lead weapons, especially the TE. Once the range is identified, he will be relentless with it. He will use the quick lead defensively on opponent's attacks. or to just send the opponent flying. The rear TE is best used offensively, producing more power as it's pulled from a longer range with a dominant leg. Once the threat of the TE is established, he uses it ruthlessly to land his attacks. The left roundhouse. This signature weapon will literally destroy the opponent's legs, body, and arms and has the power to flatline opponents when landing high. He is even able to shut down the opponent's entry with this one kick. If time well, one kick is all he needs. Once Dawan Chai has established the threat, he builds off this roundhouse with faints and chained attacks. The lead hook. Dwanchai's left hook assist him both defensively and offensively. He can perfectly time a check hook on an opponent's charge in the closer ranges. Not stepping to the outside of his opponent, but planting in front and exploding. Doing this over and over again. When looking to inflict damage, the lead hook is used to further power and set up his roundhouse or other follow-up attacks. The left cross and elbow. Again, delivered from Dawanchai's power side. These attacks can be brutal. Sitting in long to mid-range, Dowanchai is able to cover significant distance with his left cross. And if it lands, it is often good night. His elbow is a huge threat using it at the end of slick combinations or to just completely overwhelm the opponent. These two attacks can and will cause tremendous damage and are beautifully intertwined with his roundhouse attacks. Lead foot and hand control. This is often taught as a key tactic for southpaw versus orthodox fighters. When in the open stance, both fighters are usually taught to focus on the opponent's lead side. Stepping to the blind side just outside of the lead foot. By stepping to the outside, this increases the overall power of the rear kick, placing the opponent in the perfect range for a power roundhouse. This step also places Danchai's body off the center line, avoiding straight shots and out of the power range of the opponent's rear sided attacks, all while creating opportunities to strike the opponent's blind side. This step is especially useful when catching the opponent's kicks and taps. The lead hand control, when used well, usually goes undetected. It is highly effective to help cut and create new angles commonly thrown amongst faints, setups, throwaway shots, or when hand fighting and parrying. This move distracts the opponent and can help build momentum to step off. He also steps left or uses the L-step when there is adequate distance or when timed on the opponent's attack. This slight bit of footwork creates a new angle to fire shots right down the middle. He actually steps into his opponent's power side a lot. He has full confidence in his defense. Dawan Chai has three main targets for the left kick and it is safe to say he is a master at all of them. Target one, the low kick. against southpaw fighter Jamal Bowenai stepped left toward the opponent's blind side. This is why small detailed footwork matters. Using the lstep and further stepping left encouraged to remain square with Dawanchai. With Jamal in the center of the ring, he appeared the more dominant fighter seemingly cutting Dawanchai's movement off. But this is something it seems Dawanchai doesn't care too much about. using the ability to time the kick off the opponent's step. This hinders the opponent's ability to block. So, Dawanchai keeps shifting until the perfect timing. All it took was four low kicks to stop the Russian champion. Target two, the body. In this fight against David Korea, a kickboxing world champion, Dowshine knew he had the advantage when it comes to round houses. Kit boxers have the tendency to utilize the forerun block on the body kick in order to fire fast boxing counters. counters that can lead to spectacular knockouts. There are openings for quick counters once absorbing the kick. Absorbing these kicks against TIE fighters who have baseball bat shins though is not such a good idea. You see, TIE fighters possess something called graduk moy, translated to bone strength. Over years of repeated kicks on the heavy bag, countless hours running on top of hundreds of fights they accumulate, TIE fighter shins become extremely hardened. And until you receive a kick from one, it is difficult to understand. This is why blocking with a forearm is not always a good idea. In Muay Thai, the forearm isn't even considered a block. They believe a good fighter should just use the shin to block. These kicks quickly accumulate throughout the entire fight until either the guard drops, exposing the head, or the bone quite literally breaks. Although David did start trying to utilize the shin block, it was already too late. Look at how Dawanchai measures the range with his jab and unleashes the bone crushing kick. Target three, the head against Shan Clansancy. Another well seasoned champion. Dowenai puts on a striking clinic. On Sha's lean back, he executes the evasion, but drops his rear hand protection. Maybe if his hand remained high, he might have been able to block the kick. So, how did Dawanchai set up this kick? After accumulating tons of damage from elbows and kicks through the fight, Dawanchai said that Shaun had become slow compared to earlier rounds. There is only so much damage one can take and when dealt from Dwanchai, that damage comes fast. So in order to avoid taking more damage, one logical solution is to lean back. After all, evasion is the best form of defense. To land the head kick, Bowenai first attacks the body with a roundhouse. This is met with a catch attempt from Clancy. You see, Dwanchai knows that Sha is slower than previous rounds and that he has already taken so much damage. &gt;&gt; The mechanics of a great roundhouse. Lead footstep and footwork. To throw round houses, many kickers like to come onto their toes, pivot and turn the hips and core over, throwing in a tall, well postured stance. Bowenai, however, has a slightly different approach. Already stepping with a pivot, he covers the necessary range and saves time on the pivot itself. This pre- pivot adds further torque to the core and hip rotation, further powering the kick. It is common to see this step when fighters execute the low kick as it saves time and allows an easier, stronger chopping action. But the roundhouse is different. Remaining near flat-footed throughout, Dwanchai can still produce knockout energy. Accompanied with the lead step, Dawanchai will simultaneously widen his stance, hopping back with the rear leg, creating a longer pull and sturdier power base for the roundhouse. It is almost like a perfect little jump into a slightly wider power stance. Although some consider this a tail or telegraph, it happens so quick that most of the time there is nothing the opponent can do. The arm swing. In order to obtain more output from the kick, that chai utilizes the arm swing. This generates power from its whipping and pulling motion. The biomechanics are actually similar to how we walk with our arm swinging by our side. It feels natural. With some adjustments, putting more force behind the arm swing and the dropping then raising of the lead hand completely changes the power of the kick. It will even provide adequate protection to the head when performed correctly. The rear arm swing can also be used to defend shots swinging in front of the body. Although generating less power, it will still land as the opponent fires. The arm swing being one of the initial moves is a huge telltale sign that a kick is coming. So to use this to their advantage, fighters faint with their arms, replicating the swing to deliver other strikes. The knee drive. The brunt of the roundhouse's power comes from an explosive knee drive. Driving the knee up toward the opponent is the quickest and most powerful way to execute the roundhouse. to the opponent. This motion can often times be hard to read due to the speed of the drive and the way in which the knee is driven. It is very similar to a question mark kick, driving up and turning the hip and core over at the last minute, shifting the shin into the body. You can learn how to train this with specialized exercises that Dr. Yeses and I designed in our legendary fundamentals and legendary striking premium course, retraction and defense. After landing the roundhouse, it is vital to retract the kick back into stance. This can be accomplished with a reverse knee drive and proper activation of the glutes. With a fast retraction, not only do you get into stance quicker, but you remain well balanced, deterring any chance for the opponent to catch and counter. By retracting properly, this should naturally shift your body back out of the way of counters, giving you the matrix ability to avoid counters on the retraction. Bowenai will even pop out the long guard or te as he is retracting. That's if he isn't able to slip or pull back. The long guard will further deter any counters appearing a bigger and ready target making himself look less hitable. Exercises to train this is also in Legendary Fundamentals. Setting up the roundhouse. Although Dowanchai's kicks are so quick, he doesn't really need to set them up, it does help to distract and create openings. He mainly throws the roundhouse outright because it's so quick or from a blitz step. Blitzing attacks. Dawanchai utilizes the blitz method when firing a kick in long range. The middle to long range is where Dawan Chai thrives. Controlling it with the use of his jab, faints, and slick footwork. When in longer ranges, Dawan Chai drives from his rear foot, stepping with the lead to the outside if both fighters are southpaw with a pre- pivot. Using this drive carries his body's momentum and powers the kick. With the shifting momentum behind it, once turning the hip and core over, this roundhouse becomes extremely powerful and hard to defend against. Punches into kicks. He uses his lead jab to measure the range and if appropriate fires the kick. The lead hook is also a very commonly used setup for the roundhouse, distracting high with the hook, but acting as a torque for the body, generating a perfect unwind into the roundhouse. Or like his knockout against Clansancy, Damachai uses the roundhouse to the body in order to create then disrupt the rhythm by going to the head faints creating openings and building then destroying rhythm. Once a threat is established, Danar uses his deep threat, roundhouse threat, full sentries and throwaway shots. This distracts the opponent, making them focus on defending one strike, which creates new openings for the roundhouse. Once he's created a rhythm, he breaks it. He is able to cover remarkable distance with his faints only to punish the shield or panicked opponent. Once he has elicited these blocking reactions, he is ruthless with it. He'll even use the fame roundhouse to land further attacks like the tepee. Counter roundhouse and baits. Dawan Chai will often wait for the opponent's attack, fading backwards and baiting them in. When his opponent lunges in with a lead hook, Dwanchai hops back, throws out a lead arm frame, evades the hook, and slams home a roundhouse. Or if he doesn't feel like evading, Dowanchai will literally stop the opponent in their tracks with a roundhouse. Chained attacks off the roundhouse. Combining the rear roundhouse with the same side attack can lead to knockouts. After all, chaining the rear hand after the rear roundhouse completely disrupts the rhythm and is insanely hard to read. Dwanchai does such a good job of this. He is even able to do it over and over again. In fact, he is so precise with this that even his opponents attempt it right after. And Dawai slips the cross. The mechanics of the chain cross are built from the arm swing's power assisted alongside the talking of the core and hips with the weight and momentum of the kick behind it. When executed correctly, this technique will go undetected, landing at will. If Dowenai knows the opponent is wise to the roundhouse, he will not throw the kick with power. He only wants to elicit a check or catch response. This highly effective bait provides a perfect opening for the rear hand. So there you have it. This is how Dawanchai uses his legendary left kick. What do you think of his thunderous roundhouse? We believe everyone can harness the power to have a roundhouse like Dawanchai. That's why together with the Soviet sports science goat Dr. PS's. We have designed and tested combat sports related exercises to improve every aspect of each technique. Honing in to bring you a hard to believe progress that not only improves the technique, but the power, speed, and execution to give you a roundhouse like Dawan Chai. If you want to learn those exercises as well as from legends themselves such as Sam Gore, the greatest left kicker of all time, simply go to my website, laenskenchin.com. Thank you for watching another episode of Legendary Striking. I'm Lawrence Kenchin and thank you for keeping our channel alive.