Kind: captions Language: en But nowadays, as I said, Muay Thai isn't going anywhere. It's not progressing at all because the judging isn't standardized. Foreigners watch and know, "Okay, this is a troupe," but the judges... This is a foreigner watching, and they don't know who won. Its standards must be met before it can be given a rating. Nowadays, let's take Muay Thai as a simple example. If you fight abroad, you can kick for two years and get in. That guy with the meat and bankroll keeps getting hit, sometimes he gets hit too. Sometimes we make mistakes, sometimes we get them right, but we always control the image. The boxing match was held, but the foreigners didn't come to watch. He doesn't know anything about boxing; he's watching who's driving style. It's a recurring problem when Thai people lose to foreign countries. It seems like he's looking at it from the perspective of a Thai person. The committee did so, but they didn't know what qualifications we had when we went. If I lose, they'll accuse me of cheating. They'll say I went to fight him, but he really did cheat. They say that foreigners tend to give scores based on qualifications more than anything else. They keep going in and out, constantly changing their minds. Kick well, I told them, you came to control the rich, got hit four or five times. Don't be too skilled if the year isn't right, but they are diligent in deploying their weapons. Give it more. We must have value, we must press the button, we must steam it. Improve the scoring system first, and I've been saying this for the next 4, 5, or even 10 years. It's hard to beat them, because we're not usually big. Our big guy doesn't really get to punch him much. We have to stop being fighters now and play with smaller boxers. Yes, but foreigners don't have small ones; they only have... This is a large lotus, and our large lotus is rare. 70 kg, 75 kg, this one is 61 kg, 17 kg, 68 kg... it's a lot. But tomorrow, the foreigners won't press the pressure too much. 70 kilograms is the point. It's a waste of resources to leave it here, just like... What I'm saying is, it has to start with a decision. Yes, it means making a decision to establish international standards accordingly. It depends on who is diligent in hitting the target with their weapon. It's different. For example, let's look at this: it's a smaller, newer model, unlike the Western ones. Like this, the younger generation might not know us. Why is this the kind of treatment I get when I just come to watch YouTube? He came to know us better, realizing that we wouldn't be able to do anything without them. There's a cake video tomorrow that will be uploaded to YouTube. If you're in your 20s, you probably won't know who we are. Actually, posting this would be beneficial for the older Thai girls. It would definitely benefit foreigners on the internet too; they'd see it and... I'm only going to tell people who watch this and feel like they're missing me. Hey, brother, let me go! Pretty but a fighter, it looks easy, but he's not. Studying means just observing the foreigners; just watching them. How he studies, what the rhythm is, what the tempo is, that's him. Will they study more than Thai people or Thai people today? Let's take a look. I like you a lot. Let's watch. It's easy and relaxed. It looks like a simple jelly, but it's actually quite easy to make. The Western way of looking at which province's electorate is it? It's like looking around and seeing whether you're right or wrong, or whether you're studying the wrong things. Tiger's Tears (a Thai dish) and foreigners . January note [song] November.