Kind: captions Language: en We've been taught that in fighting being big and strong works against us, not for us. But is that true for the strongest man in the world? Yes, this is literally the strongest man in the world. From 2002 to 2009, Marius the dominatorski dominated the world's strongest man competition, winning the most titles in history. In 2009, Marius began a career in mixed martial arts. This gave us a decade of epic fights against some of the best fighters in every discipline. Fight fans, welcome back to another episode of Striking Breakdowns. In this episode, we explore the epic MMA career of the strongest man in the world. In the year 2000, Marius spent 19 months in jail for trying to stop a local mafia boss. But instead of heading into a downward spiral like so many who are incarcerated, he spent the time to build superhuman strength. Marius became so strong that he entered the World Strongman competition in 2002. He won first place. After dominating strongman competitions for seven years, he decided to be an MMA fighter. The dominator gave his most prolific match against Hollis Gracie, an Abu Dhabi world champion from the Gracie family. The Gracie family made history for using Brazilian jiu-jitsu to defeat bigger and stronger opponents. But it didn't work so well against the world's strongest man. Before Gracie had an opportunity to get a hold of the Dominator, he got starched with a haymaker. But Mario didn't just spray and prey, he used classic strategy. You see, the beginning of a fight favors the stronger fighter. Technical fighters tend to feel out their opponent to gather information. However, this leaves room for the more athletic fighter to exploit the initial periods of a fight. Some of the best Muay Thai fighters were rocked by less technical and less experienced fighters during the feeling out process. For example, here's Borcow, a man with over 300 fights, getting rocked by an MMA fighter with only five fights. Although the strongman competition is designed to show well-rounded athleticism, it still does not transfer to MMA efficiently. That means the longer the fight goes, the more likely the strongman will gas out and be beaten. But this inefficiency does not matter in the beginning of a fight. When their strength and power is at the peak, the less skilled fighter can overwhelm the opponents with brute power. If you see someone with a crouch stance being rear foot heavy and pouring out their lead hand, it's a big tell that they're looking to blitz in with a right hand. Marios uses the jab as a faint. Then he successfully hand traps to create a clear entry for the haymaker. Notice how his hand is still crouched, allowing him to keep the right hand loaded. With the opponent's lead hand successfully trapped and pushed down, the Gracie is stuck with no defense. [Music] Hand trapping is the art of clearing a direct line for the attack. This has been used to great effect by fighters like Borau and Sanchi throughout their careers. Like the greats, Marios beautifully used the hand trap and his advantages here. But did his fights always go so successfully? Yes, the dominator more often than not dominated his opponents against Butterbean, a champion boxer with 77 wins and 10 losses. Marios made really quick work of him. Butterbean already had 25 MMA matches by then with 15 wins and seven losses. When the two Goliaths fought, they traded jabs and the strongman landed several low kicks. However, once Butterbean got taken down, it was like an overweight cat who can't roll over. Marios went to town like a hammerfisting gorilla while Butterbean just covered up until the ref stopped it. Against Bob Sap, the NFL football player who turned MMA and kickboxing superstar in Japan, the Dominator made quick work once again. After giving a flurry to Bob Sap, who didn't fight back effectively, Marios took him down and finished him with a flurry. The referee had to stop the fight and the rest of the team had to jump in to help the referee stop the world's strongest man. Yes, these were some of the most prolific wins from Marios. But was he always so successful? Against Tim Sylvia, the former twotime UFC heavyweight champion, the strongman was able to land a few low kicks and a takedown. But by the second half of the first round, Mario was fading and Sylvia knew it. The former UFC champion stalked him down with a smile and proceeded to land significant strikes. Inside the Muay Thai clinch, the Dominator was dominated in the second round. After using the tie bench to score some more, Sylvia was able to land significant strikes and then finish the fight with some ground and pound [Applause] [Music] against Peter Graham, one of the best Australian kickboxers of all time. The first round was epic. They trade blows with the strong man showing much improved defense than when he fought Tim Sylvia. Throughout the first round, Mario dominated the fight on the ground. However, by the second round, Graeme was clearly the fresher fighter with more energy. The prolific kickboxer came forward with a nice right straight chained with an uppercut and then flurried on his opponent. The strongman attempted a takedown but gets spruled on. After a minute of ground and pound, Graeme told him to get up and proceeded to fake a takedown into a big uppercut. With the help of these significant strikes, the prolific kipboxer was able to finish the prolific strongman via ground and pound. With Mario Pulanoski's epic MMA career, what we know is that the world's strongest man can defeat solid fighters, but he can also be defeated by solid fighters. The technique isn't the cleanest, but the strongman always put on an epic fight for the fans, starting his MMA career at the age of 32. We don't know what he could have been in the MMA world if he started much earlier. A year before he decided to go into EMA, Mario was a finalist in Dancing with the Stars. As talented as he was, we are so glad he didn't continue dancing and gave us fight fans a fantastic career in combat. What do you think of being big and strong in fighting? We personally think it's important, but good technique and good sport specific athleticism is more important. If you enjoyed this episode, be sure to watch another episode of Striking Breakdowns. I'm Lawrence Kinchin and thank you for keeping our channel alive. [Music]