Kind: captions Language: en Okay, so don't get me wrong, jiu-jitsu is cool and all. Is this Don't stay there. Yes, it is. But what if you're not on some big cushy mat? What if you're on concrete or gravel or sand or in the water or on grass? Does jiu-jitsu work the same? It's more dangerous, surely, right? But is it still effective? Well, that's what we're going to be testing today. Starting with the easiest, obvious answer. Level one. very easy. It's just a math. As far as expertise goes, I'm a threestripe white belt. The guy I'm wrestling here is Josh Beam, and at one point, he was one of the most actively competing purple belts in the world. However, I've got probably 75 lbs on him, so I like my odds. Stand up, Seth. No, no, no, no, no. Don't just stand up. Stand up right now. Go, go, go, go, go, go, go. Keep Keep going. Shake him off. Shake him off. Is he going to banana split me? He's going to do some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bro. Don't say that. Get your hooks away from me. There's a toe hold. Nice. Oh no. Oh no. There. Oh my god. Is this what these guys do? I'm stuck. He's like way too strong. But here's why I wanted to make this video. I have a feeling that this jiu-jitsu we're doing would look entirely different if we were anywhere else. The gliding and dropping, scraping that we do on this soft, smooth mat, our brains don't think about it because we put oursel in an environment to do this as safely as possible. But what if the terrain was not safe? Would our muscle memory naturally take over and wrestle the same way we do in here? Or would our brain recognize the danger and change everything? You're supposed to pass though. I'm on top though. He's going to submit you in like another minute if you stay there. This lock. I don't know. Feel free to try it. A bigger knees. Finally. Jesus Christ. Yes. You got to get past the legs. I quit. I can't quit. How long did we go? I can't almost. I said I can't get rid of a white belt. Was it on? It was really on. But I'm not done just wrestling with Josh. I also have Bren who's like the sandbaggiest blue belt. Oh my god. on the planet. Possibly. White belt can wrestle. [Music] Oh no. Now. Luckily for these guys, they both practice the ecological method in jiu-jitsu, the scientific study of interaction between living organisms in their environment. So, I'm going to put these living organisms in different environments. And then I'll make them do jiu-jitsu. That's what that whole thing means, right? Nope. Try another. I'll give it to you. Give me that. You got it. You notice that. Oh man. Nice. That's like Bran's special special move is those arm bars. He's been doing those since he was a baby. Arm baring himself in the womb. He was just like, "Oh, yes." One of the metrics that we're going to use here is the tap counter. How many times did I tap out the people with more experience? And then how many times do the people with more experience tap out me? Essentially, what I'm looking for is how much does the terrain nullify jiu-jitsu experience? What are we doing? Jiu-jitsu. What does that mean to you? Jiu-jitsu. Yeah. Submissions. Okay. Not doing takedowns. Um, pulling guard. What else does jiu-jitsu mean to me? Uh, squirming, shrimping. Get over here. Let's go. Yes. Quick, dash. I said you pulled guard. The second you jumped on me, it was the sand of the mouth. Why did you pull dart? Uh-oh. Oh, watch out for the ankle. Oh boy, my ankle's too strong. Got to stand up, say, stand up on it. Stand up on it. I can't. You have to. I can't. Are you okay? I'm okay. I I had trouble letting go. No, you're okay. You're okay. Okay. Yeah. Eat sand base sand. I legitimately tried to like let go of it. No, you're fine. You're fine. Stuck in the sand. You're okay. Okay. Okay. So, that didn't go super well for me. The second sand gets into your mouth, it's all you can think about. I might lose, but so do you. That's so uncomfortable. Deep waters. He's like, he's doing it the best possible. Good boy. I put too much emphasis on putting sand in your mouth, but not really. Then I gave up side control immediately. If I would have put in your mouth though, you'd have been toast, buddy. Right. It makes a big difference. sand. How'd that feel for you? You got to sand all the way. That was great. Yeah. I put it on your cheek. Did you notice? I took a handful and I put it on your cheek. You didn't even know. I could have freaking dried you out, Bobby. I thought it was like accidental. No, I didn't. I didn't know you did that on purpose. You did it on purpose. I wanted you to feel what I felt. Okay, so it didn't go super swimmingly for me. Looking at the tap counter, I still got a big old goose egg. We spent way less time wrestling or else I'm sure they would have tapped me out a lot more. But that's not the only metric I want to look at. Number one is the movement. How easy is it to go over, under, around, slide, shrimp, the things you do in jiu-jitsu. Pain. How much pain is it to be in any given position? This will probably come into play more later. The danger. This one's self-explanatory. And the technique inventory. How many submissions, transitions, and takedowns do you have access to? Me, Josh, and Bren all gave these rankings throughout the day. And to summarize it, the lower score a location can get, the better. The worst score you can get here is a 20. The mat so far has scored a 4.7. And the sand right after that scored a 10.7. The movement is inconsistent and still difficult. If that sand gets in your mouth and your nostrils, pain. Super pain. I don't think we're in any inherent danger out here, though. In fact, you have a nice fluffy landing for takedowns. Technique inventory. The guys both gave it a two, which means they only had a few things they were limited from doing. So, with all of that added up and average, the sand gets a 10.7, which means naturally next, salt, water. Salt, water. Where have I heard that before? Combining salt and water, that's genius. Super necessary for human life and athletes in particular. Athletes like us. Well, shoot. Isn't that what Element is doing? The sponsor of today's video. I'm just too good at this this summer. Element, your favorite hydration pack is back with lemonade salt. Lemonade is taking the lead in my favorite element flavor. I know. I'm sorry. As much as you sweat, you lose salt. When you lose that salt, you need to put it back into your body. 1,000 milligs of sodium, 200 millig of potassium, and 60 millig of magnesium. It's sugar-free. It doesn't have the dodgy artificial coloring. So, when you're sweating, you can feel good about putting something back into your body. Anytime I'm competing somewhere, I grab one of these, I put it in my water. I feel better, faster, more mentally clear. I don't get cramps. Legit, this stuff changed me athletically. I couldn't be more happy to have Element as a consistent partner of the channel. Right now, you can get an 8count of the Element sample pack that gets you double of the most popular flavors: citrus, raspberry, watermelon, and orange. Two packs of each. And you can go and get this through me. I'm kind of I'm kind of special in that regard. Just make sure you use my link drinklnt.com/sense seth or click the link down below to get that sample pack with any purchase. If you try it and you don't like it, it's risk-f free money back guarantee. Again, that is drinklnt.com/sense seth. Thank you to Element for sponsoring this video. Now, time to drown, my friend. [Music] You better pick my As you can see here, the silly Americans are playing pirate in the water. Little do they know that one of them will soon have to save the other from a near-death experience. This is the danger of jiujitsu in the very treacherous waters of the East Coast. These are in fact the same waters that Blackbeard haunted for years, which is ironic because both of their beards are red. No, that's How's that a win? That's not a win. We didn't clarify that, isn't it? In Hold on. Wait. In jiu-jitsu, if you squeal That's a tap. And you you can't hear it, but he did it. After Seth secured his first win by verbal tap, or in this case, Josh squealing for mercy, the Jujitsu purple belt asked for the second round to start from the ground. Big surprise. Uh-oh. Yeah. Uh-oh. Uh-oh. I told you I was going to kill you. Jiujitsu does not work under water. On this day, luckily for Joshua, Seth was feeling generous, sparing him from a salty demise. Proving that while armbars heal hooks and triangle chokes are useful, they do not mix well with water. 1%. Let's take a look at the scoreboard. Tap counter. Baby, I got two. You should give me my blue belt. If blue stands for the water. Josh and Bren both said the water was more difficult to move in. We all kind of agreed there was little to no pain inside of the water. In fact, it mitigated pain. The danger was definitely there. You know, water is not supposed to be in your lungs. And then inventory of techniques. Well, you miss out on a lot when you can't really go to the lower quadrant of fighting. So, that got a pretty bad score across the board, too. I liked this one personally. The water score would end up being 12, which is worse than both Matt and Sandy. I felt the light gurgle out of him. I was like, Josh, my friend, stop. I don't know what to say. That That was interesting. Yeah, cuz he's like throwing water in my face and like throwing me into the waves. Yeah. I didn't I wasn't like expecting that at all. third party. Yeah, it was so disorienting. I didn't think to use the waves. How do you rank water versus sand? Um, water was harder for me to fight you in. Okay. Which is certainly the direction I'm looking for. Our next location though, gravel. Are you doing gravel? You don't have to. I'm doing it. It's your world. We're doing. So, here's the gravel over here just behind them. Oh, that's so cool. I was going to say this gravel. This looks a little too smooth to me. I think that over there in this pile of stones. Yes. I don't even like walking on. I got sensitive feet. You got sensitive mind and body is what you got. This dude doesn't even slap and dab. What? What is it? Slap bomb. Slap. Slap and dab. Put weight on him. My feet go snap down. Could you imagine? Sorry. [Music] Heat. Congratulations. You snapped us off. [Music] There's a whole bunch of nothing happening. [Music] Nice. [Music] [Laughter] That can't feel good. I can hear a crunch underneath him. Do it. You have to. You have to. No. I can't move. Did he tap? Yeah, he did. Oh boy. Hey, that that gets you a blue bell in my book. 100%. I can't escape. I just look Look what's under my back. Come here. I was supposed to shrimp on this. He pinned me down and started grinding my back like a cheese grater into the gravel. Did I just get tapped by a white boat? Yes, you did, baby. I get tapped by a threestri white boat with an Americana. Yeah. And if it wasn't that, it would have been a kamura. I go back and forth. Those are my two moves. rusting me. I have a glass house. Does this hurt some? Come here. [Music] Oh no. [Applause] Get him, Bren. Get him, Bren. GT. Yes. Hit me with a standing gillie. Dang. I shot on my knee for a ankle for a for an ankle pick. Didn't work. Oh, you did? Yeah. Did it hurt? Yeah. Gravel across the board just sucks. Movement is difficult. I think it's easier to be on your feet than everything else. Mostly because of the pain. Being on your feet hurts. On your back hurts. On your knees hurts. And then the odds of there being some broken stuff like glass in here. It's probably pretty high. Dangerous. Uh inventory techniques pretty bad as well. Brandon really just seemed to hate this overall. The trend of tap counter though is that the worse the situation is for everybody, the better I'm doing, which means the worse jiu-jitsu is doing. Kind of right. Something we'll have to think about while lying down in the grass, though. Well, would you look at this? The silly Americans are back doing jiu-jitsu in places they shouldn't be. For this location, wet grass, where ringwarm quite literally thrives. You can tell the soft, wet environment is a nice change from the broken down gravel they had grown accustomed to. Another one. While techniques are harder to come by, the transitions from position to position are happening more frequently. Fascinating and kind of erotic. Oil check. [Music] Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Wrist lock. Smother him into the grass, Bren. Yes. Finish it. Tap. Nice. I think that's all I got. You don't want to do one more? I don't think so. I'm sorry. Come on. One more. I'll do one more, Josh. All right, one more. No, it actually felt kind of nice to be able to like slide through stuff. Yeah. Yeah. Way harder to lock stuff down. Except I did almost get you with the Americana and I did almost get you with the wrist lock from Mount [Music] Hi. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. That's all I got. Uh, grass is the best one. Grass is fun. It was actually really fun. If you want to fight, do it here. The grass score was the second best of the day so far. What I'm quickly realizing with these jiu-jitsu guys is the less pain they're in, the more freely they can move, and the more likely they are to get ringorm, the better they perform. Fascinating stuff. honestly. But we have one last painful location to do jiu-jitsu in right there. What? It's safety. Oh my god. Right there. This is where jiu-jitsu might happen. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] My mouth piece in. What? Start from up here. Do you have a bed of pop coals? we can do next. That's the only thing left. [Music] Fatality. No, I'm just kidding. I wouldn't do that. But you could imagine. Oh, it hurts. Ow. My heart's on the knees. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat up here. Nice. And you can't hit me. Okay. No, that's good. That's fine. Yeah. No, that definitely nullified. It made me not want to move. The only thing I could think to do is like I put my forehead on in between and then like then I'm not using this. Yeah, this is not where this is supposed to be. It didn't feel great for me especially on the like I try I don't think I scraped myself up but I was very close. It only didn't hurt for me because I was purposely trying to avoid touching my knees at all my knees or elbows on the mat or on the ground. Yeah. Concrete. Yeah. I was avoiding it and then I give up so much control. Better or worse than sand? Um, worse for control for sure. Like I would take sand just because I can actually use more parts of my body to control you. Makes sense. In my current nonadrenaline fil state, I'd rather not be like grading my knees raw trying to hold you down. So, it's a much more deterrent than sandy. I think the pro for the concrete is actually top position. You think so? Because maybe we're in a corner or maybe we're in a stick of concrete that's like not going to move as much. Yeah. And for you on top, you can keep pressure and really drive me into it. Like watching street fight videos and people fighting in the streets and there's grass like 5 ft away and I'm like just please move. Yeah. Just go over to the grass. Just like mutual destruction. Yeah. Go over there instead of Yeah. knocking each other out, slamming each other's head on the concrete. Takedowns. No doubt. This is the worst possible situation. 100%. If we added strikes to that scenario, I'd be bashing your head into the concrete. 100%. Yeah. I was just pressing, keeping my weight there. And now I'm pressing. You're not wanting to cheese grate your head. So now So now I'm going like this instead of fighting any hands. And you're like this. No. It kind of feel it's like dirty and rough. It almost feels like more like real fighting, you know? Oh, this could actually happen. Like Yeah. If someone, I don't know, like actually attacked me on the street or something, it would be much worse. It would be more like this. Yeah, for sure. You know, and it feels really different. Yeah. And there you go. I think that's jiu-jitsu in every place you might actually get in a fight. To me, concrete changes just enough that you think you can do everything the same while you're doing it. It's a flat, invariable space. It's just smooth enough that you can still move around. You're just going to leave behind skin and clothes. Fall damage, though. Woof. Uh, yeah. No forgiveness on concrete. I think offensively the inventory is still there. You can do everything you need to do, but defensively because you have to mitigate damage. You have to mind your P's and Q's and like my hand going between my forehead and the ground. You might give some stuff up. Ranked amongst each other. The best score was the mat. That should be obvious. Coming in second is grass. Now granted, this is grass while it's raining. Number three, we have sand at 10.7. Just don't get it in your mouth. You'll be fine. Water is number four. Concrete behind that. And what we ranked was the worst was gravel, but that may be because we weren't in inherent danger or have any adrenaline going. That's the nature of doing this kind of stuff. I think my message for you in this would be if you're doing jiu-jitsu for the purpose of self-defense, think about some of these things. And probably more importantly, just do your best not to fight in general. I think that's probably just good advice that we could all use. It kind of hurts everywhere. So, yeah, keep it on the mat. And do me a favor, subscribe. Um, I was actually talking to YouTube. They said you would enjoy subscribing. You would also enjoy this video right here. They and I specifically were like, "Hey, what do we think Jared?" Because you're watching this now. What do you think Jared would like? And I was like, "Oh, I think this video." And they were like, "You know what? You're right." So, just do me a favor, watch this