Kind: captions Language: en For an overwhelming majority of the martial arts community, efficiency is the greatest measure of a martial art. Pretty good position. Of course, he can get out of this. Recently, I tried a martial art called celot. Now, celot's kind of an umbrella term for a large amount of uh southeastern Asian martial arts. But some of the stuff that I was shown so complex and rad, but you tried arm bar. You feel the arm bar. That's it. First of the leg bar, first of the groin, versus the face. But the instructor kept saying they were simple. Trap it and go to the neck. Very simple. That's the simpleness of the system. That got me kind of wondering, how simple can they be? Simple enough that even an idiot could do it. And that's where I come in. There's a series that I do called Can I Make Blank Work? And I would love to do that. That would be interesting. Specifically in the West, people who train in martial arts choose jiu-jitsu and Muay Thai because they're the most effective. But can I make techniques from celot work in that same scenario? Well, that's that's the video. That's what we're going to that's what we're going to do. We're going to take the stuff that we learned and then try to use it. We're just now starting to get into some of the more user friendly stuff. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I was going to say I'm not very good at jiu-jitsu, so the first part I think I wouldn't be able to pick up as easily, but some of the striking stuff I think I can. Okay. Excellent. These kicking exercises are done at three levels. Okay. Lying, kneeling, and standing. But some of the sea slot is known to do those spinning kicks and then before it lands, you go airborne and then you land in the S stance. I've pretty much kind of lost my ability. Okay. Maybe a few years ago to do that. I can still do that. Can you do it? Let's see if he still has it. That's it right there. No, cuz I didn't expect you to drop right into it. So on frame, I've got you. And then you're just like, you want? Yeah. Yeah. Here. Yeah, I guess I guess I can try this. The first thing I really need to do is create a checklist of things that I want to nail in sparring. I'll make a checklist for the grappling and the striking. This one definitely is the striking, but I need a lot more. I want to try and at least land six of these techniques for each session. You can either start from the ground or you can drop into it. Go airborne and hit it. Yeah, that's a 100 lb bag. That's a pretty strong kick. You throw that leg for momentum and you go airborne. Just throw it with reckless abandon. That's it. Excellent. And one more. Yeah. As you practice, you can see that could be strong. Oh, 100%. And it and when would you ever expect me to kick you from here? This ground roundhouse kick is something that you see in Capoa as well. Um, I've got a little bit of practice for this. And I think I have a good setup for it. So, probably the most popular throw in all of Southeast Asia is called the Pter Kapala. Okay. Is that a funny word? Yes, old thing. Has it's it's half Sanskrit. It's a very old language. So that's how old the sea lock is. Wow. And let me show you the setup. So this is my this is just a template. This isn't how it's going to go. This is the first template I teach. Okay. And just like Mui Thai. Mu Thai is punch, elbow, knee, kick. You follow me? Y in COA, it's punch, elbow, knee, throw. So when he jabs, I'm going to split the cross and elbow. I will knee the face. I will walk, turn the base, and head turning throw. See how I keep the shoulder stat. Now, since this is Muay Thai, I can get away with throwing some. Yeah, I'm I'm probably just going to stop there instead of knee here. You can block that, but I can knee the head. Then you knee. That's the pin. You see like then you stomp the head. They would slap the groin and they slide back and you arm block multiple knees to a grounded opponent's face. Oh, there's more. He keeps going. Okay, I will just do jab cross. He parries the jab. Split entry. Now tap it to elbow. Unfold. You knee to face. Offset my body. head turning throw. Not going to pull an and one mixtape and dribble this dude's face with my kneecaps. The first one I teach nine of these. The first one is this. It goes round kick and then go spinning sickle kick over. The second one is if he blocks my round kick, you spinning sickle kick that way. Then I'll change my base. He'll block that and spinning sle kick that way. And then so whatever leg's back here, you just kick him in the head. He blocks. Now spin around and same leg spinning sickle. Isn't that awkward? and it feels like it's going to be super weak. These are more for coordination practices. Yeah. As opposed to the combat practices, right? But, you know, maybe a young person could really whip these pretty strong. I like a low round kick, pop it back, and then throw it. Excellent. So, it's the same thing. And that short list of things pretty much summarizes all the striking we went over. See, COD's not really designed to be a combat sport. Most of the time, you have weapons in your hands. So striking, specifically punching, is not really a huge part of what we went over. There's a fair amount of kicks, so I'll try to implement that, but the majority of it is going to be grappling based later. I asked my buddy Adam later what he thought I should try to do, if there's anything I should add. I'll be honest, I don't even know what that is. Sounds hard. I'll try it, though. Okay, let's get into the striking test. Can I make those complex movements work in sparring? Well, I started off with something that I'm pretty sure is a guaranteed yes for me. It is the standing variation of the roundhouse to wheel kick combo that we worked on in the warm-ups. While it might seem flashy, this combination is actually something I feel very sturdy and stable doing. I like the timing of it, and because you're attacking opposite sides, it's hard to see coming in block. Next, we went into a bit of clinch work, which is where I started to work on this foot sweep. This one's a bit different than I usually foot sweep being that it's front foot to front foot, but there's a few times that I kind of got it to work. From there, defensively, I moved into this one two parry where I would split the guard, throw an elbow, a knee, and then move into the pter kapala. Pter, that's a funny word. Anyway, I didn't go for the throw for most of these. I went for an offbalance, letting me close the distance and attack their weaknesses. I struggled a little bit with getting this exactly how I wanted it. And I think it's because in the Muay Thai class, people are so much more accustomed to the clinch and people don't really give up that same collar tie. But worry not, I'll make the pter kapala work later in the grappling portion. As far as this planted back push kick thing, um, I'm going to blame Adam. I don't know why. I'm just going to If I was already on the ground, I could maybe see why you would do this, but I couldn't find an organic reason to do it. There was even sometimes I I really tried to force it. Now, the ground roundhouse kick. Um, same thing. I'm not already on the ground, so I had to come up with another way to get down there, which was throwing a super low roundhouse kick. And while they're looking down on me like I'm some pitiful creature, I would whip that roundhouse kick up and around. I think if I was a much smaller person, I'd have an easier time with this one. But alas, I'm not. And honestly, I'll take the benefits I get from being big over being able to kick somebody from the ground. I actually added the cartwheel kick in this one because it was on the wall of the studio. Oh, you got a Sshai poster. That's sick. I uh I've I've actually been blessed by this exact movement. Oh, excellent. by Sancho. [Music] [Applause] Mine might not be as pretty as Sancha. That's not the point. I'm persistent. You could say this is not Cot and that'd probably be fair. But it would make sense to me that a Muay Thai fighter would see something like the grounded kick that we did before and be like, "Huh, I might not be on the ground when I'd start, but I could do something like this." They're both Southeast Asian martial arts. That connection makes sense to me. Now, uh, about the jump spin, wheel kick into the S stance. Um, I give it a shot. There's some stuff I'll do for you guys, but that's not one of them. Politely, I'm going to pass. I think feet's probably a good move. So, the sea lot striking, unsurprisingly, was a super splendifferous success. Okay, enough S's. Maybe two more. I've sweat a lot and I think it's time I put some salt back into my system. This video is brought to you by Element. Element is a sugar-free, delicious electrolyte drink mix. So on those days where you're tired and you think you might give up, you're sweaty, your will to continue training is abysmal, have a sip of element. I used to cramp all the time. I played high school and college football. I was a cramped guy. They made me drink pickle juice. I can't tell you the last time I cramped. Probably because I keep that thing on me no matter how I'm sweating. If there was a fire in my house and I had to like come up with stuff to save element, my dogs, my wife, maybe I'd grab like a snack to go cuz think about it. If you're running out of your house, you're probably going to start sweating. It's going to be hot. You need that salt bag. I don't even know if they're going to let me keep that in. Anyway, to all my athlete friends, I recommend Element. Since I started taking Element, I really think I perform better. I think I recover better once I'm done training. Whenever I'm flying somewhere and I lose a bunch of water, it helps then and it just tastes great. You can get a free sample pack with any order you make today from drinklnt.com/sense seth. And if you buy it and you don't love it, it's a risk-free money back guarantee. So, you let them know you didn't love it, you keep the salt and you get your money back. Again, that is drinklnt.com/sense Seth for a free sample pack with any order. Real talk, if you get it, I don't think you'll regret it. I I I still love the sports. I love Mu Thai. I love Western boxing. I still spar those every every week. Yeah. But the cloock, there's so much in it. There's so much education and some of it is it's way overkill. Like just the first couple moves are good. You know what I mean? And then it keeps going 7 8 9 10 locks sequences and you just memorize them and then you learn that you can be you can be creative and you can choose different routes, right? You know, just like uh the how I mean, how many locks did you learn in in the in the Brazilian jiu-jitsu? Every time you move a little bit, there's something else there. Yeah, it's a new thing. lot is isn't too uh dissimilar from that. Our first grappling technique we're going to try to make work later on is called a branch lock. It's a seot specialty for arm bar. What we would call that is vertical branch. Okay. And he'll say like tree falls over but the branch is sticking up. Okay. If the branch bends that's called branch up and this is called branch down. You hope they're going to classically shrimp out but you hit the trachea and you wipe the eye like that. See if I pull and hold that. I step over and I kneel down tightly. And I'm st strongly stacking the shoulders. Right. Right hand. Pin it. And you're going to drop this in here. And that starts the lock. Okay. Excellent. You feeling that yet? No. You weave it. And the first one is you if you can just grab your shorts here. Okay. Yeah. Now, slowly look over your left shoulder. Now, if you want, you grab your own bicep. See how you shut that in there? Check your hair. And now twist again. Excellent. Take that top arm and grab and pin it like that and twist. Excellent. Take that right arm and crank the neck forward like that. That's the best one. Excellent. So, I'm like a kid in a candy store except like a kid who doesn't know how candy work. Like I I don't know how to eat the candy. I don't know where this is going. Long story short, I have too many options here. I need to whittle down some of these techniques to make sure I can actually wrap my brain around what I'm trying to do. So, I reached out to Adam because he's the one feeling the pain. He knows what I'm best at and he's also just like me, a threestripe white belt who has experience going against other white belts and making this kind of stuff work. So, he's going to tell us what to do. Yeah. So, I've got a handful of stuff that we had gone over. So, some of those leg attacks are are pretty good. The eighth one was a grab behind the ankle and a shoulder to the below the knee as a taked down. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. All right. So, that's what I've got as my number one then. So, if you're in bottom guard and somebody's especially if they're playing your open guard, specifically the second one that Love Joy showed, it was an arm weave, right? So, you capture the lead leg, weave the arm. Yeah. Yeah. The other one that I think that you should try to hit that might not be as much of a high percentage, but I think would be a really cool sea thing to try to do is that tight S stance where he rolled up and got both of his legs around the front ankle and got super low and is using a twisting of the hips against just the the lead ankle to try to facilitate that take down. having a hard time picturing it. Yes. Yeah. I'm going to need to watch that footage again. So, uh I'll show you how they just link together. Like take down one is S stance inside knee pull. It's called tari or tar means to pull. This is technique one. Technique two is arm weave. Yeah. Technique three is leg weave. Technique four is jump scissor. Okay. Technique five is sitting on the knee. Downward facing dog. Doesn't that look weird? Yes. Yeah, it does for sure. Yeah. Technique six, tight S stance with no hands like that. Okay. Technique seven is reverse S stance. Mhm. Technique eight is this tackle below the knee. Okay. And technique nine, I don't know the Indonesian name for. We just call it fire pole. Roll like that and you go under and they they tap it out here. That's the nine techniques. Can't lie to you. That's one of the coolest things I've ever seen. That being said, not happening. armweave, jump scissor, tight s stance, tackle below the knee. You just made the list. And this is one of the balance disruption grids. It's called a poncho, which means platform. You see this little starburst here where the lines meet here, right? And where the lines meet here. So these are our initial reference points. So for example, in the first sweep I teach, inside back sweep, if I cut that line, I pick up this arm bar and I'll step to that point. You see that? Oh, okay. Yep. That's like a guide. See? Like that. And I'm also I'm still going that way, right? But if I sweep, I will end up at the other point. Did I get it? Yeah, pretty much. Yeah. But my mission is to continue down range. So if I kne I just step deep. It's like I'm going to bowl him out that way. I also have two last submissions that I want to try and get. And neither of them look easy or comfortable. Yeah. Okay. This is still like the gentle setup, but from the standing whether I initiate from here, you know, the striking, the inner end, the sparring, but if I retract, they might throw dirt in the face. You might kick the leg like that, but you might throw the dirt in the face and they might kick the face instead. See, you would just kick the knee here, but you would weave it and catch the head and go position. This is the initial setup. They like the telephone position here behind the head. If you see that up there, there it is. slide in, hook the pec, and aside from the the leg bar here. Do you feel that? Lift the top versus the growing shot. Hard to defend. I'm avoiding your groin, obviously. Let alone the face like that. Like that. And you can free your your right arm is not trapped. Get it out of there. Come on. Get it. Come on. There it is. If If you You're kind of giving it to me, but you try to arm bar. You feel the arm bar. That's it. Versus the leg bar versus the groin versus the face. That's it. And that that's the third. The third technique in the series. That's huh. Kind of look like Psyduck here. I'll just do the knee bar. And then also this one that comes after the branch lock. Take him with me. And I roll him over. That's the head shot. Like that. Come on. Hit it. Keep hitting it. Hit him again. Hit him a third time. Crank him. Tap him out there. Excellent. Now, what they like to do is in the sequence, this leg is free. Hook that arm and pull him back over. Yeah. Now triangle. Hook this up. Hello. And you can grab it. Classic triangle. Grab the foot or grab the shin. Yeah. Excellent. Then Yeah. Not bad. We got drumming training to learn, you know, but normally just Yeah. Excellent. Okay. All right. Well, that's about it. Here's the list. Looking at this now, it's definitely a lot to do within a 30 to 45 minute rolling session, but um yeah, we'll see what we can do. Let's start off with what we did in the warm-ups. This fall back to roll up was eventually going to lead into other takedowns, but this is something I struggle with in the warm-ups. This is stuff I know I've struggled with in jiu-jitsu in general. It's something I need work on, and obviously I didn't make work during the day. There's a few occasions where I gave up a takedown, falling my back in hopes that I would roll up into maybe that arm weave, a shoulder on knee takedown, but it never quite ended up to that, and I usually had to resort to a scissor sweep instead. and mine's not great, but I can get the job done. That's going to be our first technique that we check off. After hitting a few foot sweeps of my own and then a hip toss, I decided to go back into trying the cooter kapala or this head circle throw takedown. This is something I've nailed a lot in sumo. And while I wasn't going 100% on making sure the throw happened, it was there. And actually, interestingly enough, it was there a lot. But with this leg here, that is the wrong clip. there. Sometimes it worked for the full takedown and sometimes it worked to offbalance somebody, but either way, a technique I'll continue to use. Another one I had a bit of fun with was the takedown we worked on the offbalancing grid, kicking their leg out and then trying to walk through them in that same direction. I attempted to sequence this by kicking that leg out and then hooking the opposite leg. And this is something I'll probably continue to work on in the future, but I did land once, so check mark. Check mark indeed. Then in my head, I went from a Russian into this S danceance. Got the taked down. But that's not the same. That's not the same at all. I think it's a Taniatoshi that I did. I'm going to go ahead and not check off that part. And then after some bigger guy bullying and a little bit of tow hold [Music] mastery, it was time for me to try submissions. And for whatever reason, Adam had high expectations for what I'd be able to pull off, which is frankly never a good idea. Oh, I guess that comes from a scissor sweep, huh? Oh, what about the one where I slapped you in the face a bunch? The reverse triangle. The triangle from back. Try to get the reverse triangle. I think you should try the the knee bar. He does it with the whole other upper body, but that that telephone position knee bar where you you've got their ankle got the legs crossed and isolated. I think you could hit that. But I think it would be cool if you tried to get the upper branch which is the that arm submission. But if you get sort of sealot style where you've stepped over them, if you could pull that one off, that would be awesome. And there a lot of people know me as a submission specialist. So that's perfect. Oh yeah, great. While maybe the rest of it I had not been great at so far, the submissions did me the dirtiest. This position of getting the leg over top and kind of pinning them on their side, I did enjoy and I got quite a few times. But as you can tell, I cannot for the life of me remember how we finished this. There was like seven ways I couldn't think of one. I wasn't going to let that stop me, though. The next thing I was going to go for was a knee bar. And I used the perfect timing of the bell. Yeah. To complete it, cuz you know what happens after the bell rings? Everybody quits. I would actually later go on to get a few more of these branch lock positions. I didn't finish every one of them, but eventually I did get one tap. [Music] Once that happened, I was brought to the horrible memory of Guru Lovejoy stabbing my bits to bits and figured I'd pass on that pressure. Yeah, it's not fun, is it? It's not fun getting your bits all chopped up. Later, I would go on to see if I could make this triangle work. And I kind of got into position, but it wasn't anywhere near as cool as before. And I didn't even get to slap anybody's face. No check mark there. But I finished the day with a knee bar. And it was a very gassed knee bar. A knee bar where all parties were just tired and trying to go home. But a knee bar nonetheless. [Music] Okay, so I'm not going to lie. All of the rocking up and rolling I did not accomplish. Uh I did the scissor sweep quite a few times. The S stance I just I don't think I have the mobility for that, but if I was a much smaller person, I'd probably have a much better time. Uh I got really close on the upper branch. Um I definitely hit some headcircle takedowns. Uh I actually got into a position to do the knee bar, but it wasn't the same setup, but I I got there kind of. I don't know how to finish an E bar, but overall I think this is an incredibly viable style. Does it have a lot of sequencing and from the outside seem like maybe it's doing too much sometimes? But all of those things that it's too much of are also things that make sense and probably work. We're talking about a style that's thousands and thousands of years old and in my opinion probably had influence on some of your favorite martial arts you know today. So to answer the question, can I make seaot work? Um, I think the odds were stacked against COD in this one, having me being its representative. Sorry. Um, I think I did. I think I did. I think I made enough work that it satisfied the video and now I think it has to end. Hey guys, do me a favor. Uh, we are very close to 500,000. We have been for a long time and I cannot get to a million subs physically unless I pass 500,000. Just do me a favor. If you've watched this far, subscribe.