Kind: captions Language: en Okay, I'm going to Thailand. I am so nervous. Um, I've done Muay Thai for the last 6 years, so the experience of going to Thailand and training even a little bit in Muay Thai. I've got a good bit of private sessions ready to roll with some top top level guys. I'm definitely nervous for the Muay Thai. Like, is it going to be harder? Is it going to be easier? Like, am I going to look like a dumb foreigner who doesn't know what he's doing? I would hope not. I've been doing it for a while. Oh, they speak a different language over there. Did you guys know that? I don't know that language. &gt;&gt; Hopefully the schedule looks like 4 days in Bangkok. Literally, the first day that I'm there, I have a private session. The second day, I'll get to do some sightseeing. Then it'll be 2 days of sumo, Saturday, Sunday. Then I'll have the next five or so days in Phuket dedicated to seeing the country, Muay Thai training, uh watching fights, going to the beach, eating food, and hopefully avoiding monsoon season. you know, monsoons, like with all the rain, water in general. It's not the most ideal timing, but I I like our odds. Man, I'm just so excited. I wish I was there right now. Lucky for you guys, you'll probably just see like a cool montage of me traveling starting, I don't know, right now. All right, we are hour 8 of 27 in. Honestly, I didn't think that flight [music] was bad. Last one was easy. This one was worse. The office saved it, but [music] 11 hours is awful. We are in Bangkok. Let's go. I want a nap. What up? Room tour. We got a bed. Um, telephone for calling and such purposes. We got a fridge stocked with not one water. It is just one. Come here. We got a bathroom. Got a trash can. A beautiful view. Oh, yeah. I guess the view is the most important part. Beautiful view of Bangkok. Cool. The coffee over there. We'll do more of that later. over your home. Look with a window in the shower with that window open. On the agenda for today, if you have ever seen a man that is giving private lessons in Thailand and makes a fool of the people over there working out with, that's who we're going out and training with today. Uh it's his name is Trainer Gay. I've heard two things about training with him. One is that it's fun and then two is that it's miserable which are like typically two that's not really why am I doing that? I got a couple things that I need to get out of this training session in particular. Number one, I need to learn Muay Thai. Duh. Obvious. More importantly, at the airport, I weigh 257 lbs. I need to cut down to 254 for my sumo tournament. Number three, I need to warm my body up without necessarily fatiguing myself. That's where it gets a little difficult. But I've got a plan. a note written out that says, "Please, I need to warm up but not train super hard." So hopefully that works. It's 10:50 in the morning and I get to the Super Bond training camp location. I figured I would do some bag work while I wait for trainer Gay. And already I'm sweating. I'm definitely not used to these conditions, [music] but it wouldn't be long before the private lesson started and I was handed a heavy rope. Jump rope is not anything unusual for Muay Thai training. The heavy rope is a little additional punishment, but three minutes of this. Ah, I can make it work. &gt;&gt; No, no, no, no, no, no, no, wait, wait, wait, wait, &gt;&gt; wait, wait, wait, wait. &gt;&gt; After that, he went on to say, "Okay, on your back." And at this point, I was like, "Oh, no. The hell has begun. What do we have? We got sit-ups now." No, actually, surprisingly, he started stretching my feet. Now, a lot of people pay good money for this. what he's doing, not me. But it wasn't just my feet. He would continue to stretch out my hamstrings, and not just a little bit. This man pushed my hammies to their limits. I could hear each individual hamstring playing a little song of agony. It probably sounded something like this if you were up close. [screaming] Yeah. No, this was a pretty thorough stretch that I got. And I'm not saying it wasn't necessary. I needed it after the 27 hours of travel. Was it painful? Oh, yeah. 100%. Was it thorough? Uh, even more so. But this isn't unusual. In fact, it wasn't until the next day that I learned what a big part of Thai culture the massage is. That's awesome. That's really cool. It reverberates through you when you hit it. It's like The next morning, we would take an hourong trip to the center of Bangkok. Hoping to see two Buddhist temples steeped in Thai history and culture. The first what a room. &gt;&gt; Isn't this incredible? &gt;&gt; Also known as the Temple of Dawn, this fantastic architectural achievement is made of porcelain [music] and shells. They say that all of the ceramic pieces are repurposed from [music] trades with China and they built it kind of as a way to show the rest of the nations, the rest of the world that they [music] were open to trade. It is still an active Buddhist temple, but this building has been around since the 17th [music] century. Every little nook and cranny and detail this place looks like it should have its own entire dedicated building or campus. Yet, every 10 steps that you take, you find a new fascinating layer of history that is just all packed into this little set of eight or so buildings. While this temple is spectacular and beautiful, this is only our first stop of the day. We then hopped on a boat, crossed the river and went to Watt Poe, a temple linked to the origins of the Thai massage, also home of the famous lying down Buddha. It is so hard to visualize or like illustrate on camera just how big this thing is. Wo is known as the birthplace and the preservation center of the Thai massage. The temple walls even contain diagrams made of stone carvings that illustrate the energy lines in the human body. Most of these illustrations are linked to Jivvaka Kamarbacha. Uh that's probably not pronounced right, but they were the physician to the Buddha. Watpo is associated with a type of massage. It's a unique combination of acupressure, yoga like stretching, and passive joint mobilization. &gt;&gt; That doesn't look exactly like some of the stuff I was going through yesterday. [gasps] Oh man, that's crazy. I could feel the [music] energy lines going through me yesterday. That's probably a part of it. It is a fully clothed floor-based therapeutic experience. Does that sound familiar? Yeah. The very first thing that I did in Thailand was get somewhat of a Thai massage, and I had no clue. From there, we moved on to shadow boxing, which again is something that I'm used to doing. However, shadow boxing in front of a coach for the first time, especially one of this caliber, is uh a little extra nerve-wracking cuz you want to look nonchalant. You want to look cool, but you also want to look like you know what you're doing. So, I'm throwing some boxing combinations. I'll throw some kicks in there, hoping that he will respect me. I don't know what I was looking for, to be honest. I didn't know exactly how he felt though because we just went right into calf raises. I didn't know this would be such an unfortunate foreshadowing, but after the calf raises, we would go into um a very basic instruction of a tie stance. Ouch. He then seems to be testing me a little bit further. Do you know what a jab is? Do you know how to check a low kick? Do you know how to throw a onew? What about a lead hook? What about a lead hook, Seth? What about a lead hook? Why do you suddenly forget what a lead hook is? Thank you. Goodness gracious. This is going to be a long session. But I had just no idea how long of a session it was going to be because this position would be a staple of the session. He would make sure my left hand is covering my head, my right arm is way back, emphasizing the hip turn, and my toes being the only thing on the ground. And at 250 lbs, this is not an easy task. But I didn't come here for an easy task. I came here for instruction. And in this case, that instruction really kept me on my toes. Sorry. Learning from a person who speaks a different language than you is not as difficult as you would think. With the right amount of body movements that you can mimic, and funny enough, even like facial expressions or sounds that can help you understand, yes, this, uh, no, not that, those small forms of communication can really carry a session like this to become something you actually learn from. I didn't understand exactly what he meant all of the time. But we did get into a groove and it wouldn't be long before if he wanted it, I could do it. Which is a good and a bad thing. Good thing because I get more out of the session. Bad thing because it means we can do more. And that is going to be harder. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; I don't think he understood Google translate. &gt;&gt; I had just no clue how difficult this session was going to be. So, proactively, retroactively, I'm I'm going to have us take a break. It's so hard to tell you guys one, how humid it is right now, but two, how big that Buddha was, too. This whole thing is insane. It's really cool that stuff like this still exists through the expansion of a city. Like, this is a beautiful little pocket in a in a culture that's been expanding well after [music] all of this was built. It's beautiful. Each little piece of like each little tile here is hundreds of years old. And there's millions of these old pieces all over the place. Everything's so shiny and white. And it's probably been that way for a long time. But clearly, these aren't just beautiful buildings or even just worshiping places. See, hundreds of years ago, the monks that were living at these temples weren't just practicing Buddhism. They were also practicing in martial arts, focusing on self-defense or military training. What would eventually become Muay Thai, however, it wasn't always Muay Thai. Originally, it was called Muy, which would then turn into Muay Baron and only later would be refined to the sport we now know as Muay Thai. The word Muy itself is thought to be translated from some form of the word unity. And to those who wanted to become great fighters, they would go to these temples and train with the monks because again, they weren't just leaders in spirituality. They were often retired military soldiers or high-ranking officials or men from nobility. If you wanted to be great at fighting in Thailand, you would come to train with these monks. Often times in these Muay Thai gyms today, you'll still see Buddhist shrines. Just days after I left the superbond training camp, they made merit, which means accumulating good deeds and positive energy through actions like offering food to monks. This is rooted in the Buddhist belief of karma. While it may not seem it from the outside, these temples and Muay Thai have a deep connection. And while I was doing all that yapping about Muay Thai history, Trainer Gay went and got the tie pads. Now, I'll warn you. What you're about to watch uh quickly goes from the most excited I've been about a training session to the most embarrassed I've been about a training session. 20 minutes into the training session, I was pretty tired, but the second we started hitting pads, I was doomed. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; As you can probably hear after the first low kick I threw, he said more strong. So I obliged. [music] Part of me was holding back before because I kind of knew I wasn't in Muay Thai shape right now. After throwing a single set of combinations, I [music] was nearly exhausted. I quickly told him, "Hey, I'm sorry. I'm in sumo shape right now." You know, sumo with the when you push each other. And he said, "Oh, the sumo." I said, "Yeah, yeah, yeah, sumo." And he went, "Oh, okay. Okay. Let's keep going." &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; So, we went into what I would assume is another round. I can't say for sure, though, because there was no round timer. It was just kind of at the mercy of Trainer Gay. Uh, but the more I think about it, I think it was more at the mercy of me. He would just keep going until I didn't have anymore or until he felt an adequate end, which I both liked and didn't like because those ends came quickly. I don't know if it was the heat or the humidity or the travel. I could not keep this train rolling. Then I would apologize again. He'd say, "Yes, no problem." Then we'd start again. I really like the variation of techniques that he was coaching. [music] There were tons of basics and essentials, things that I needed help with that we worked on throughout the session. But he would also spice it up and he would let me throw [music] some some like Superman elbowesque techniques, things that I might not throw every day, but that I would ultimately love to get good at, you know, if I ever wasn't exhausted, if I ever wasn't such a lazy piece of between these rounds, he kind of asked me how long I'd been training. And I told him like roughly 6 years, but it's been a while. And I couldn't figure out a way to simplify that. So, we ultimately ended up just kind of looking at each other and wondering why I suck so bad. We went through one last combination and I didn't feel the worst. Technically, I feel like I'm doing okay. I know it's sloppy and it's not pretty, but I'm not falling over. My hands are definitely the worst part about this, but you know, uh, my arms are jello- and eventually my body would give out once again. In fact, it wouldn't just give out. I ran away from him. I don't know why I did this. I'm assuming I just didn't want to be close enough to him that he would make me throw more punches and [music] kicks. Or maybe I just thought there was more air on that side of the room available to breathe. He noticed this though, and he was gracious enough to give me a much needed water break. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; This is humility. I should not be this hard. It's so embarrassing. All I could think in that moment was, man, I bet I'll get to go to some cool temples tomorrow. And I did. But now it's time to leave the beautiful Wo, hop on a boat, go across the river to Icon Siam. What I can call easily the biggest mall I've ever been in. Get this. This place had 500 shops, 7,000 brands. This place has eight floors. Do you know how many escalators that is? Seven. Well, at least seven. I'm sure they have multiple per floor. This place has over a 100 food vendor choices, which means it's time for this series very first meal review, where I eat it [snorts] and then I rank it. Meal reviews are pretty easy to understand. I don't remember the name of this place, but on the bottom floor, they had a ton of local vendor carts. Just off to the side, there was this little bitty restaurant with three Michelin reviews, and that beckoned me in. I hopped in, had myself a little fried pork. It's a perfect amount of crunchy and juicy. The sauce was fantastic. And can you spell dectable? No, really, I'm asking. I'll probably have to subtitle this. Um, I give this a 4.1 out of five. But what I thought was even better were these little desserts that we [music] found afterwards cuz you know I'm going to have a sweet treat. I physically have to. I got a little something called Kenam Bung. It's a Thai crispy pancake with a little sweet filling inside. And man, &gt;&gt; like a marshmallow. &gt;&gt; That's delicious. &gt;&gt; That sweet filling gives me that sweet feeling. You know what I'm saying? I would eat a thousand of these. Five out of five. Oh, I have to I have to go back to training now. Okay. Yeah. [music] These last few rounds, I finally started to feel like I was getting in the groove. These combinations are all reaction-based. It's on me as the striker to hit with power, precision, and strength, but not give so much that I immediately get stuck after that technique because he might ask for something else after that. That is the beauty in pad holding is trying your best to synchronize with the holder. The holder is requiring you to throw the next thing that he wants. So, it's a difficult dance to hit something as hard as you can, not know what's coming next or if that's the end of the combination. Some of these I'm reacting to what he wants. And then some of them I know that I'm building a combination. So, when he says go in a second, I know it's going to be that combination. This is one of the things I always find fascinating about how different people hold pads. But the best guys like Trainer Gay here all are striking with you, not making you catch up to what they want. One thing that we had not done that is super prevalent in Muay Thai though is the clinch. And at this point, he knows I'm a sumo wrestler and I'm a big guy. And I could feel him kind of just hang on my head. I'll be honest, I didn't want to fall down because that meant I would have had to get back up and I don't know if I had the energy for that. So, I just kind of gave myself as good a posture as I can and hoped he wasn't going to sling me around. He gave me a very strong and then he gave me a couple more things to do to break the clinch. But let me tell you, that clinch drained [music] every ounce of energy from my body. I am no longer a person. I am a sack of body parts mushed into a soulless being. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; So every strike I threw after that was from a poor [music] lifeless body that had nothing left. But I think that brought us closer together. Trainer Gay and I. He seemed to enjoy this at least. [music] There's not a lot of moments in life where I'm like, "hm, maybe I'll just stop. I'll quit right now." This was one of those moments. The next thing that happened after I got a sip of water is I had to run up to Trainer Gay and say, "Hey, um, where do I throw up?" And he points to the trash can. And I I proceed to throw up a lot. He gets a good chuckle out of it, though. That's good because he knows that there is at least one more burnout that he has in mind. a boxing combination that would be the bane of my existence. [music] It's not hard. It's not technical. It just has to be done. [music] &gt;&gt; As you can probably see here, my legs are starting to [music] give out. My knees are getting wobbled. But this is what I think is so fascinating about the human body. Between each rep, there's a moment I go, there's no way I can do another one. [music] But then I can, and another one goes by, and another one. In my opinion, these last couple rounds are where growth happens. I probably didn't get better today alone. It may not be fun, but you do that enough times and I think you become great. Next time you're in the thick of it, either mentally or physically, just know that you probably have a couple more in you. He took it easy on me. He really did. [snorts] That was probably the most physically demanding training session I've ever had. And he was being so nice and easy on me. He like let me take a jillion breaks and it didn't matter. I just could not recover. Every strike he was like harder. I'm trying. I would like kind of throw an easy one just to like get my bearings back. Harder. So I did really hard bursts and I'm dead. That was a great warm up. It was a great sweat. I bet I probably lost like 18 lbs. I threw up halfway through. I don't think you guys even saw that. I was like, "Where do I" And he he's like, "Over there." All the breakfast that I had came up, but I'll make weight, that's for sure. And that was a fantastic start. He really pushes you, but he does it in a way that like it doesn't let you quit cuz he's not pushing you hard enough to quit. He's pushing you just hard enough to want to die. All right, we are on our way to weigh in. Thanks to the help of trainer day, I think we're going to have a really easy time. &gt;&gt; Yeah, weighing in was quite literally no problem. I left the trainer gay session, went to weigh in, and was 7 lb lighter. That's sweet. I I'll take that. And I honestly felt fantastic. &gt;&gt; Okay, so weight is made and we're about to chow down. &gt;&gt; And what better of a way to celebrate weighing in than eating as much as I possibly can. We went to a sushi spot nearby. We got some Gudon. This was pretty good, but it was kind of like a franchise spot. I'd give it a 3.8. [music] Then we stumbled upon a little arcade area and I got scammed. I got freaking scammed so hard. And then I got scammed twice, which I guess the first scam was their fault. The second scam was definitely mine. It did it on purpose. And then I was still hungry. So we went to a Chinese place, had some pork buns, some fried pork, pork fried rice. It was a lot of pork. None of it was that great. I give it a 2.1 out [music] of five. But I needed to bulk up for the sumo tournament tomorrow. There's really only one other option. Late night 7-Eleven run, baby. First of the series. And you know, we had to go ham. Every night for the rest of these four videos, I'm going to do a recap of the day and eat some strange snack that I find along the way. But yeah, it's time for our very first snack and recap. [bell] Hopefully that has music on it. All right, tonight's snack, sour cream and cheese puff balls, salmon oniri. So far, um, looks suspicious. &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; Fantastic. Holy crap. That's really good, actually. How does it keep the triangular shape despite no longer being in the triangular packaging? Maybe I've just never made white rice well enough that it keeps a a geometric shape. Diving right in. Hard to go down. It's kind of sticky. It's like still a triangle. It's like the corner of a triangle. 75. 7.5. I give these straight gas 10 out of 10. This is fantastic. Favorite part of today. Man, this is tough. The mall was really cool. I really like the market. Watt Arun, the first one we went to. First thing in the morning we went, not a lot of people there. Mostly just some monks monkeying around. What? I can't say monkeying around. They were on their cell phones to be fair. Half of them were on their cell phones. I didn't record any of it. Least favorite part of the day. Oh, the traffic. We sat in traffic for like an hour and a half today. I know it doesn't sound bad. Traffic four times all of our day travel. Amount of Thai that I spoke today. Quietly said the words to myself three times. Three times. [snorts] Got got one of those out. I didn't get out any saw crops today. Um not much more Thai was spoken today from me. That was day two. More Muay Thai training coming to you. More snacks. See you in the morning. It is the morning after the tournament. I went six and four, as you've probably already seen, and ended up being one match shy of a bronze medal. It will haunt me for the rest of my life. But for now, I'm going to go [music] cry on the beach. So, fun fun start to the the vlog, right, guys? [music] Here we go. Hey yo, back at it again. Everything's back to normal. A year's worth [music] of work has culminated and everything is fine now. But none of that matters now because we are traveling to a new city and we're going to have fun. Damn it. We're going to have fun. I kick start this second half of the vlog off [music] right. Let's get rolling. Get it? Cuz it's [snorts] a it's a rolling suitcase. Our next stop is Phuket, Thailand, where hopefully we have lots of Muay Thai training, adventuring, and food tasting ahead of us. We are trying uh this. Oh, it's just Fanta. I bought this not knowing what it was. It's just Fanta. It's so rude. &gt;&gt; Anyway, this is um It tastes kind of like medicine. No, it's not really that good. [music] &gt;&gt; Wouldn't give that same rating to this view, though. Phuket is Thailand's largest island. It's known for its beaches, its rock structures, its night life. We got the sickest pimp my ride van for our hour and a half drive down to the craziest hotel I've ever been [music] to. This place is so nice. I feel like I shouldn't even be raising my voice. Look at this, dude. They gave us candies. They didn't even let us check in. We got candies. &gt;&gt; And not even just the candy. The best tea I've ever had. That's so good. &gt;&gt; But even that fantastic tea pad in comparison to the room. Wait until you see this. I'll be honest. I forgot we booked this. Come on. Come on [music] in. Get the full scope of everything. They have a frame for their mirror. They didn't even need it. It doesn't even really frame the mirror. And then the tub. [music] That's a bathtub that will actually fit me. That's wonderful. Good heavens. Maybe that's a pole. It's a pole. It's a pole. That could have been much worse. Okay, that's the toilet. And then there's the shower. Where's the water coming from? The ceiling. Okay, follow me in here. [music] The bedroom. Look at this. We got a bed. We got a TV. We got a chair. Look at Look at that. That's decorations. Hotels don't do decorations anymore. Elephant in the room in Thailand. Um, it's not our anniversary. We did have an anniversary this year, though. We're just celebrating it pretty late. This is the Mountain View balcony. Wow. I've been wanting a balcony this whole time. I mean, that's a mountain. All right. That's a mountain if I've ever seen one. [laughter] That was a small fly. Good thing she didn't overreact. Yeah. I mean, just this place is beautiful. I had a a hope that this would help me forget about the competition. What is Sumo? Never heard of her. Okay, but that's enough goofing around. We've got a Muay Thai session coming up. And not just that, a beach private lesson, which I booked a while ago, not thinking about how hot the beach might be and how I would feel after what was essentially 10 car crashes the day before. As much as I want to have like the Muay Thai experience, I physically can't do much right now. I [music] am sore on my triceps on both sides. I like pulled. This is so tender to touch. Both my calves are on fire and it's [music] hot out. It's 90°. The UV is like eight. I'm going to be shirtless on the beach. So, life could be worse. Hey, there's a bird behind you. What do you think? Do you think I'll be able to get the Muay Thai trainer to go light on me? That's not a good sign. Not a good sign. While we walked down to the beach to the gym, I mentally prepared myself to be beat up by whoever was coaching me. And we lucked out because it is the most beautiful day you can possibly imagine. And it wouldn't be long before we made it to my Garon, a local Muay Thai gym on Karan Beach where I would be handed a pair of gloves and get ready for my beach Muay Thai sess session. I was handed a cell phone and it was the owner essentially just explaining to me that I would be coached by a man named Pyang today. Paiden who has a fight this weekend and he kindly asked in a very respectable way if I would mind having the session indoors today. And hallelujah, thank you for asking me because it is so hot outside. Similar to our session the other day, we started off with shadow boxing and I actually feel a lot better already than I did the first session I had with Trainer Gay. It wouldn't be long before Piang started asking me some questions about my background and what I do. And my background's pretty weird, so it's kind of hard to explain. And once again, I'm brutally torn between one, looking cool in front of this new person I just met. And two, not exhausting myself before the practice even starts. Said he's been fighting since [music] he was six. Wow. &gt;&gt; And he fights like every 2 months, maybe. He has a fight this Saturday. I feel good right now. Thank goodness. But we haven't really hit anything yet. That's why I started diio yesterday. For round two of our warm-up, he had me go hit the heavy bag, boxing only. I was kind of surprised by this just based off of how heavy on kicks my last session was, but boxing is undeniably easier on the body than kicks are, and it's something I need more work in, so I'll take it. I'm so glad it's not on the beach. This is already so warm. There's like a fan or two in No, there's a breeze in here. I don't think it would really be authentic. It just kind of be out there in the heat. And he has a fight this weekend, too. Can't really have that. I know it's only been two rounds, but it is remarkable how much better I feel right now than I did when I first arrived and had my first session. After we finished a round of boxing on the bags, we moved to Muay Thai on the bags. And this is where I could really feel him start to watch me. Granted, that's what I'm paying him to do, but it feels like he's really trying to get a scope of what I like, [music] what I'm bad at, but he's not saying anything. He's just being observant in the moment. I'll be honest, I don't know what he's thinking. Unfortunately, though, it wouldn't be long before I start to feel the effects of the sumo tournament a day or two before. Oh, my triceps. Something up with it. See, here's where I'm smart, though. Much like I did in all of grade school, I asked the teacher a question about themselves to divert the attention away from the work we're supposed to be doing. And I'm glad I did because Pyang's fascinating. He shows me pictures of when he was a young boy and his father was [music] with him while he fought. He's clearly incredibly passionate about the sport, about coaching, and he [music] lives the life of a Muay Thai fighter. I showed him pictures of me and my parents when they used to train me, except he is much more accomplished than I am. He said he's fought over 200 Muay Thai bouts since the age of six, which means for the last 19 [music] years, he's had 10 fights a year. He grew up in the local Bangkok circuit and has even fought [music] his way up to one championship. I asked him how he likes to fight and he said he's a moy femur. They're calm, patient, and technical. And watching some of his tape back, this dude's slick. He's powerful. He's strong. He's fast. And his footwork is very fun to watch. This dude's a monster and is not a good sign for how hard he's going to make me work later. But I wasn't there to yap as much fun as I was having. I was there to do some time. Even though this round started off slow, I knew it was going to pick up soon. There's a feeling out process whenever you start hitting pads with someone. [music] I'm sure he's held pads for thousands of people, but each person is different. And with someone a lot bigger than he is, like I am, you want to know what they can do first. So, I'm sure as these rounds go on, it's going to get a little more intense. Earlier I said that Paidang called himself a Muy femur fighter. See in Muay Thai there's different classifications for different archetypes of fighters. Sometimes people fall under these classifications because of a gym that they train at or sometimes they're just good at specific things within Muay Thai. But these classifications help people understand quickly what a fighter is good at. Here's some of the more popular ones. There's Muay Cao which is a strong clinch heavy game. There's lots of focus on controlling posture and throwing devastating knees. The Muay Thai clinch is one of the most unique aspects of Muay Thai and these fighters are the best at it. [music] Or Muay Mat, a fighter that likes to put pressure on their opponent. Always moving forwards and always throwing powerful strikes. Whether it's kicks, punches, or elbows, doesn't matter. What matters is pressure. Then there's Muay, [music] a very kick heavy style known for its precise and powerful kicks with a wide [music] variety like roundhouse push kicks, low kicks, deeps to any target desired. [music] Now, the more tactical or intelligent fighters are known as moy femur. They're calm, patient, and technical. Should be able to do everything pretty well. With a background in karate, even though I'm a bigger guy, I like to be elusive and [music] I love counters like Mo, but I am very, very kick heavy when it comes to sparring. Oh, my triceps. Something up with it. Who needs a tricep? We step into the ring, which means I know the work is about to come. And I want to prove to myself that I am not the training session that I had with trainer Gay the other day. I wanted to feel better than I did in that last session. [music] I started to get more and more confident that I wasn't going to gas out again. So, I started putting a little more stink into each shot. And Pang started to feed off that &gt;&gt; and it started going from single shots &gt;&gt; to combos &gt;&gt; until eventually he just started letting me go. &gt;&gt; [music] [music] &gt;&gt; this session. He was seemingly trying to turn me into a boy. [music] &gt;&gt; It's not my typical striking style, but it feels good right now. I'm starting to understand the kind of physical domination that you're going for with this Muay Thai style. Honestly, with how difficult and exhausted I was in the trainer day session, it made me kind of nervous for this one. I knew that I would be tired and that's why I'm here. I want to be pushed, [music] but there was just something about that session. It embarrassed me. It really did. and I only went through more [music] after that. The sumo tournament was a 12-hour day of wrestling. I mean, maybe the 27 hours of travel and the humidity change did have an effect on my cardiovascular system. Don't get me wrong, I loved the trainer gay session. I was just embarrassed. I was tired. I knew it didn't look great. It didn't feel great. But after this session, maybe I am still that guy. And despite being in a lot of pain, cardio-wise, mentality wise, I'm ready for these last couple rounds. So tender. So tender. He said I have good kicks. &gt;&gt; Which I'm assuming is why he decided to bring out the boxing mits next. I may have a specialty in kicking, but he was going to make me better today. And that was by having me throw some hands. [music] I consider my body shots and uppercuts to be some of my worst strikes that I throw. It's not something I do often. I'm a long range guy and I don't throw a [music] ton of these strikes and he was having me double up on [music] them, which means I don't have to be good for just one. I have to be good in balance and control for two of them and then be able to get out. The way he holds pads kind of reminds me of picking shots on someone that's starting to lose gas. It feels like I'm reacting to openings of someone who I'm kind of starting to pick apart. If the last session with Trainer Gay felt like I was a train off of the tracks, this one it felt like I was a train going downhill. I was still burning a lot of steam, but I was rolling. At least I couldn't do anything without my buddy the fan. Such a good guy. But I still have one more round of Heat. Heat. [music] Shower [music] sh [music] I can't wait. Hey, thank you. Thank you. Yeah. I can't tell right now if there's more or not. I'm having fun. I'm having a good time. There was more. I should have known better. Of course, there's more. There's always more. We finished up with a conditioning circuit of walking knees, push-ups, sit-ups, skip knees, and 10 roundhouse kicks on each side to finish up. &gt;&gt; I believe the session ended with a stretch, but there's no way to truly know. I still kind of think Pyang will find me here at home and have me do a few more exercises just to be sure. But all jokes aside, what a fun and rewarding session that was. [music] Done. That was such a good time. Oh, damn it. Now I have to walk all the way back. Oh, that was Paid [music] Dang. I think he said his name was Frank. But he's very complimentative. Um, that was nice. Made me feel good. He said I should fight Muay Thai. I told him I was old and broken. Looking out at the beach now, it is blazing. I don't think I would have had fun on the beach. So, I'm I'm actually really glad that we did it inside, but that was a great experience. That was very fun. He still pushed me a little bit at the end. just everything hurts. But it it was at a pace that I was able to keep up. The expertise is different over here obviously just because of the amount of fights that they have. Training with guys that are actively in one championship obviously it's different especially when they're holding pads for you. It's a it's a very different experience. Accidentally knocked the mid out of his hand. That was not like a cool wow very strong thing. I just kind of missed I kind of missed the mitt and it popped [music] off like a little like a little PEZ dispenser. My tricep and my right rib [music] are just on fire right now. So, good time to go to the beach, maybe go to the pool, big step, get some little RNR, rest and relaxation, and then uh yeah, see what's next. Completely wiped out, but happy with the day so far. We went back to the hotel, took a shower and nap, absolutely housed this pizza. took a little stroll 2 minutes down the road to Karon Beach where the sun is out and there's not a care in the world. &gt;&gt; What do you think all those red flags mean? &gt;&gt; I don't know. Maybe red flags mean something else here. I hopped right in. There's something about crystal clear water that just [music] melts all your pain away the second you get into it. As I do every time I'm in a new place, went for a little adventuring. Trying to stroll down the rocks on the south side of the beach. They're sharper than they look. But hey, if this bird can do what I can, too. After the training session I had, nothing's going to slow me down. [music] If there is some adventuring to be done, I'm in. But one beach wasn't enough for us on this fantastic day. We actually also went down to Kata Beach, which was a maybe 10-minute walk and a 10 out of 10 view. So then in the edit, it'll be And then we went to a different beach. That's this beach right here. uh or something something funny that's like that. And I'm just gonna point as we got nearly drowned by one last wave. The sun began to drop below the beautiful rocky coast. But wifey and I weren't done yet. So we threw on our little Thailand flip-flops and waddled our way down to the Kata Night Market, hoping to find some delicious food and some trinkets. I'm a big trinket guy. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Within the night market, there were some very cool food vendors. Most of the food here was either like chicken tenders and French fries or like fish that's on top of a cooler of ice that you point to it and then they cook it. I was looking for something a little more in the middle. We got a couple snacks that I not going to lie, I kind of forgot to record. [music] We also went during the offseason though, and a lot of the options that are typically open during more touristy seasons, we're not right now. But my favorite thing I noticed, everybody is so nice. I don't want to record them, but the people here who ask you to like come inside or to take a look around are much nicer than any other country that has an area where people are always trying to get you to come in somewhere. Like, it's still happening, but they're much more polite. Like, if you're like, "No, thank you." They're like, "No, thank you. You're welcome. Goodbye. See you." They're pretty nice. After like a 2-minute walk back down the road, we found this place called Kika. I knew nearly nothing about this restaurant other than there was maybe five tables available. They had pretty cool artwork on the wall and they had fans running and it was serving Thai food. I'm in. But man, Kika did not miss. I got the Krabalam Moo. It was dectable, delicious, and pretty quickly devoured. Four out of five. Very good. But even better was the mango sticky rice. I love mango sticky rice, but I've obviously never had it in Thailand. And man, consider my socks blown off. I haven't worn socks all day. It's way too sweaty here. But if I had them, they'd be gone. One of my all-time favorite desserts. Five out of five. Um, my face appears to be having some allergic reaction to oxygen. On our day two of Pquette, uh, the snack we'll be reviewing today is a chocolate lava cake. Um, they asked me if I wanted to heat it up and I said no with no other ways to heat it up, but we're just going to eat it cuz it's a cake. It's got a little heart in there and a man from a Korean what I would only assume is a Korean boy band. My favorite. I don't really know how to go about this at all. What? There's forks. Well, that's nice. Good for everybody else, I guess. &gt;&gt; Cool. Your jets, kid. Wow, that's fantastic. Do you want to try it before I You should. You really should. You really should. Eight out of 10. My numbering system has been a little all over the place. I apologize. Today was really cool. We got a fantastic breakfast. Wonderful training session. Wrecked my body entirely. I have zero left. So, we'll see how we do the rest of the trip. But very fun training session. And then we went to the beach, which was very cool. I liked the gym vibes. Um, it was just kind of a a little garage with some heavy bags and a dude who fights for one championship. There's probably other great Muay Thai fighters in there, too. And we walked around for 2 hours and couldn't really find anything. I paid for a a Muay Thai statue that I probably paid for too much. And then after that, it was just sweltering heat. All the food is outside and my face is so sunburnt that it feels like it's like exploding. I give this day a very high score. I will remember this day in a fond manner. And until next time, we got a lot more fun to come. I hope you'll stick around. What? You want to see me put the whole cake in my mouth? I won't do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm going to eat it regular and you're going to sit here and watch. It's freaking me out, man. I know you wanted longer form content, but you don't have to watch me eat the whole cake. Stop. There's two bites left. You can just go. Look, only one bite left. You really need to watch me take the last bite, dude. Get a life. What are you doing? You just watch people take last bites of cake, dude. You must be miserable at restaurants. Get lost. Go home. Very good cake. Words cannot even describe the trip that I've had so far. I've had the hardest training session of my life. I went through the hardest tournament of my life. I got absolutely wiped out by a local Muay Thai fighter. And I don't even know what my next session is other than Kevin from Bangta sent me a message said be ready for Azar Watt. That could not be more ominous. What does that even mean? Most of my mornings in Phuket have started like this. You might not be able to see it, but there's a big Buddha on top of that mountain. A large white Burmese marble statue symbolizing hope. It was closed to tourists because of a landslide, but we got to see it every morning. I'm sure it was looking down and thinking, "Man, that breakfast looks delicious." It was right. Big part of our morning every day was going down and seeing what Thai dishes [music] they had down there. And they were usually pretty good. And then we got to Vista Grand, the hotel we're at now. And [music] this is the best hotel breakfast I've ever had. Every morning they had something new for us to try. And sometimes it was a little spicy and so much tastier, [music] but everything I grabbed was very spicy and I'm dying right now. But it's very good. Tai though in the pineapple juice. Some of the best [music] drinks I've ever had. I'm not kidding. I'm not joking. You have to try both of them. You have to get your own. Good job, sir. &gt;&gt; We didn't get a lot of quiet time during our trip here, [music] but when my wife and I woke up early, headed downstairs, and sipped on some of that Tai tea, those are some of my most memorable moments of the trip. It was perfect. Maybe I was just procrastinating, hoping not to find out whatever be ready means. Let's head over to Bangta and figure out how to be ready. I suppose &gt;&gt; this place is nuts. [music] &gt;&gt; Yeah, this is our kind of &gt;&gt; beginner/ intermediate Muay Thai area. Right now it's a downtime bag [music] work, pad work, uh sparring, &gt;&gt; some techniques as well after that. So we do those three stations. [music] &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And once that area is done or that part is done, then it'll be some technique work or combos. I'm sure you've done ice baths after this session. We could uh do it. &gt;&gt; We could get one for you. Yeah. Yeah. A bit of a &gt;&gt; Oh, man. &gt;&gt; back corner right [music] here. Five showers, five ice baths. Tuck a bunch of ice and some water in and &gt;&gt; Oh, man. Just freeze your ass to death for 5 [music] 10 minutes. &gt;&gt; 510. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; All right. We got the um pro Muay Thai area, but it's mainly for our sponsored pro fighters. We got [singing] right there. We got him. Aaron White [music] Lzilla. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Not Not a bad team, man. Not a bad team at all. Then we got the got the cafe here. focus on healthy [music] foods, [singing] re-energize you after the sessions here at Bow. Clean wraps, burgers. I'm going to have to snag a peanut butter protein bowl after this. &gt;&gt; And then finally, we've got our MMA area &gt;&gt; cuz we do all our BJJ. &gt;&gt; Yeah. [music] &gt;&gt; All our Yeah. wrestling, MMA, kickboxing, all that as well. &gt;&gt; That's a beautiful cage. Holy smokes. [music] Sweet. All right. Well, I'm ready to I was going to say I'm ready to sweat. I've been sweating since I got to the island, but let's go. Let's do it. So, apparently this guy is notoriously a brutal, brutal training session. So, this video might be titled surviving Azarwan. I'm very nervous. Take my ring to remember me by. We start off with heavy ropes, a Muay Thai staple. We've got 3 minutes of it. With every single jump, I can feel my shirt become more and more soaked with sweat. It is just so hot. It cooks the wrist a bit, but I'm sure jump rope is nothing compared to what we're about to do it. He's taping my wrists. &gt;&gt; That's very kind of him. Um, I've never had this happen before a training session. Actually, I've never fought, so I've never had this done for me at all. This is a This is an alltime first. Someone wrapping my hands like this. And oh, he's not even stopping there. I'm getting a massage. This This feels too nice. Is this a trap? How much am I going to be hitting stuff? If he's the one who needs to wrap my hands, I might be in trouble. He then sends me off to go shadow box and think about what's coming next, only to have him be like, "Hey, let me get those gloves on for you, partner." And it doesn't stop there. He bottle feeds me. And then I noticed he doesn't have any any pets. I'm not going to lie, I wasn't I wasn't going easy on those body shots. I don't I'm at a loss for words. But before I can get in my own head anymore, we start off with a combination and I get a glimpse into what Ajan Watt's teaching style is. Let you try by yourself. Note for improvement, visual representation, and then let you try again. Followed by words of affirmation, how kind, [music] but just like before, he's pretty quick to fix any problems I'm working through. It's pretty common within Muay Thai teachers that they'll put you in this end position, which is arguably more important than how the technique starts. Being that the fighting is already so close quarters, you want to make sure when you're done with the technique, you are safe. I need some electrolytes. &gt;&gt; [screaming] &gt;&gt; Yeah, Ajan Watt might be my new favorite person. Sorry, honey. I think he might just be the most electrifying coach in Muay Thai. A former fighter named Chachai Lugra Chai Wit. He had over 400 fights and thought of himself as a mo. &gt;&gt; Also, in the last video, I made a few mistakes. I used the Raja Damn Narn website and somebody messed up there and then I messed up as well. So, sorry about that. Anyway, he's had 400 fights, which is absolutely insane. He used to fight regularly in Rajam Narn Stadium and he was 12 years old when he had his first fights. But I think this man takes much more pride in coaching than he did in fights. He's coached Olympic bronze medalist, WBC champions, Lupini stadium champions. Today I got to watch him work with Savas who is nuts. He's just electrifying. And I don't even say that as a joke. He was struck by lightning once. &gt;&gt; And you know what? I think the lightning became more electric because it touched him. Whatever this dude has running through him, inject it in my veins, please. Because I believe this is becoming the best I've looked in a training session. And I don't think it's because of me. You didn't need ms. No ms required. That's the first time I've ever had that happen. Not what I expected at all. I don't even have words right now. Okay, so we did end up putting tie pads on and the intensity [music] definitely increased from there. I really started to lay in the shots and I felt great. [screaming] apparently I still hit like a little baby small child, but &gt;&gt; I know I like to talk over a lot of these and give you what I'm thinking, but I wasn't thinking a lot once he started talking. Most of these were just ways to increase damage to make him feel more of what I'm doing, which is totally fair because I mostly just spar. I don't trust that my brain can take much more damage than it has throughout my life. And I've gotten used to kind of cushy play sparring. So, a lot of my techniques like my roundhouse kicks or my body shots, I don't turn over the way a fighter would. And that's the first thing he noticed. So, these little details on how to increase damage output. They're my little gems to leave for you. You're welcome. Training with Azaran Watt's interesting because you're essentially hitting a human heavy bag with receptors inside of it. He feels the difference in every strike you take. So if you do make the adjustments that he wants you to, he knows. And it's not just visual. He can feel the difference. I thought I JUST after a near catastrophic end, I realized that the specialty treatment didn't end with the massaging of my wrist on the wraps. I was about to get a between round ice massage. Y'all, you have no idea how much of a difference this made between miles. I went from being the hottest person to ever exist, that's just what your mom told me, to being cooler than a cucumber, ready to roll, fresher than a daisy. Now I know why my dog's always whining when I don't pet her. Does it feel like this? I get it. Yeah. HEAT. WOW. HEAT. I'm more tired than he is. I'm getting him. [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; You do this for everybody. Something about that last round of ice bags, man. The world cooled down around me and finally I started feeling like I was doing the right thing and Aaron Watt let me know. Yeah. HEAT. [screaming] HEAT. OH, [music] HEAT, HEAT. YEAH. HEAT. After the mint work session was done, he was nice enough to show me some of his favorite Muay Thai sweeps. And if you want the uncut footage for all this, it's on my membership page. It's only $2.99 a month, and you get the gems like this. Plus, it supports the channel. So, thank you to my current members. Wow. Very good. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; Was it nice things? Did you say nice things? &gt;&gt; I think I think that's it. I think that's it. Man, that was that was one of the most I think that's the most fun session I've ever had. He's the best. Thank you, sir. Oh, no. Do I have to do the ice bath, don't I? Oh no, I think I have to do the ice bath now. Should I do it or should I just dip? I feel like if I do the ice bath, then maybe I'll stop sweating and then I can change into people clothes before I get in the bowl. I think that's the best bet. I think it's the best bet. Unfortunately, the best bet today meant getting in an ice bath with 800 lb of ice. The ice is being placed. Dude, that was four bags of ice. It goes all the way down to the bottom. That's like almost too much ice. That's like more ice than it is water by a long shot. I guess ice is water, too. You get the idea. at the moment. That is crazy cold. Oh man, I'm not looking forward to this. &gt;&gt; I'm not joking. The ice legitimately touched the bottom. Ice floats. That's all wrong. &gt;&gt; Okay, here's the rule. If I don't make a facial expression, you have to subscribe. Wish me luck. [snorts] [sighs] That is so cold. You have no idea. That's the coldest ice bath I've ever been in. Take this. All right, guys. I'm getting lightheaded. &gt;&gt; That's the coldest ice bath I've ever been in. I did ice baths in college. I did ice baths just in general. That is the coldest ice bath I've ever been in. With the most fun training session of my life completed, we walked down the road as quick as we could to avoid the storm. Ate at a seafood restaurant called Seafood Bangttow. had some fish and chips, some fried squid, and enjoyed a nice [music] calm storm. Something good to relax to. Once that blew over though, we made our way to Oldtown Phuket to do some shopping and have my most highly anticipated meal of the trip. [music] So, I personally am a knickknack guy. So, if I can go into a store and find something that represented what I did, I'll buy it and then put it in the office. So, a lot of the footage that you'll see is probably me walking in the knickknack stores for knickknacks. I usually end up paying too much for one that doesn't fit my suitcase. After picking up a little knickknackulars, we went to the Madhog Tavern. [music] Totally has nothing to do with anything Harry Potter related. I don't know why you would say that because that is copyrighted heavily. I'm sure this place just it just kind of has a similar vibe. That's all. Don't worry about it. Don't worry about it. We got a butter brew. Nothing at all similar to a butter beer. As far as snacks go, I give it a 3.5 out of five. That's not bad. That's a pretty good score. &gt;&gt; It used to be bronze. [music] This was actually gifted by the French when they started this country. And it was it was originally bronze, but it oxidized and it became this color, which is really still a beautiful color. Um, yeah, quite nice. So far, um, they'll have like mainstream [music] music that's in the stores, but it's always a cover. It's never the original that you [music and singing] love me. They should just hire me to do it. Honestly, I'm done. I typically made [music] a point to try not to eat anything that I'm not exactly sure what it is, but they had these little dried fishes. I was like, "Oh, that actually looks kind of cool." And so, she was like, "You want to try one?" And she seemed so excited to [music] have me try it. I was like, "Yeah, sure." And she pulls out like a a bowl. I guess we're doing this. Put my fingers in this bowl. Took out some squid and it was so goddang [music] spicy. If I'm in immense pain later, it's probably what it was. &gt;&gt; We stopped by a museum where you were allowed to make origami. I did it. Look at that. I did that by myself. &gt;&gt; Mission accomplished. [music] Good work. &gt;&gt; That's not true. I picked up somebody else's after they left. Not important, though, because we weren't even close to being done with the day. I had a frozen tai tea. This was fine. Honestly, I was just happy to be walking around and not getting beat up. &gt;&gt; Hello. But nowhere near as happy as I was [music] about to be because we made it to the one chun cafe and restaurant. This place has more Michelin [music] reviews than a place that sells tires. Is that the same company? I believe it is. My wife and I split this prawn pad tie, these crab cakes, and the pork belly. Oh my goodness. I give this a 4.7 nine. about as perfect as [music] it can be. We finished up our day by heading back to the coast and just soaking in that Thai beach air. All right, so it's late. I want a [music] little snack. I've heard so much about KFC, specifically here in Thailand. I heard it was banging. Great news. Walk down there, gives me the food. We don't really say anything. And I go, "Uh, cop." And he says it. Nick sounds exactly the same to me. Might have sounded different to him. Celebratory chicken. [snorts] They weren't kidding. That's good stuff, man. It was a fantastic day. Hit up old Phuket Town. Hit up the beach at night. Even better. I give this KFC, [snorts] man. It's got some real crunch. Eight out of 10. That's some good chicken. I'm from the South, so we like our fried chicken, right? But what &gt;&gt; what &gt;&gt; why are you hating? &gt;&gt; What's wrong? You can't just laugh. Got a big day planned. We're going to Bangttow. We'll go watch some fights in Patang Beach. I don't know if I said any of that right, but I'm excited to do it. Have a nice day, fellows. That's what some kid on the elevator said to us yesterday. Definitely not from an English-speaking country, but he he goes step takes a step off the elevator. Have a nice day, fellows. [laughter] Runs off. It was the best. Anyway, good night. I haven't been in Thailand for long, but I've already had some of the most intense training sessions of my life. Back again. Back again. And I've got my most unique session yet coming up with crew corn. [music] We head up the stairs and into the ring where I can only assume that the next hour of my life is going to be as difficult as the [music] last week has been. One down, one to go. I know today I'm going to be learning some of the more spiritual side of Muay Thai, like the Y crew, but crew has me start off with the basics. Something I'll never ever turn down. Creworn immediately improves the position of my backside hand, closing the gap defensively, adjust the rotation of my lead foot, giving me more extension, the bend of my elbow, allowing for a bit more impact, and the angle of my head, protecting my chin and looking down my sights. But training isn't all we're going to do here. Let me run you through the game plan. [music] One, I want to indulge in a bit more of Thai culture through Buddhist temple before we leave. [music] Next, I want to check out Patong [music] Beach, one of the more popular and interesting nightlife scenes in Bugette. [music] Yeah. And while we're there, we'll head to Patang Boxing Stadium to finally watch some Muay Thai fights. I could not be more excited about how this day is going to go. Coming from a karate background, the knees and elbows are something I don't throw as regularly as punches and kicks. It's been one of my favorite aspects of Muay Thai training this week and specifically tying multiple elbows together into sequences, which means balance, structure, and fluidity had never been more important than right now. Can you take &gt;&gt; But listen, as I'm sure you guys know, I'm not just here to train, which is why we also packed in the car and shipped out to Bangala Road. What's up? No. Yeah, we made it. We're Bangala Road. Yeah. All the travel vlogs in Phuket [music] come to Bangala Road. They say they say to come here. It's interesting. Um, I don't know if it's like OT. [music] It's like a nightclub meets outside meets uh people asking if you want to come into a strip club every like 10 [music] seconds or so. It's It's You know, I'm probably going to have to blur a lot of this. We went to a place called Kang Rubar, though. That was pretty chill. It was It was hopping [music] even. Sorry. They even had like an America simulator, like a BB gun version. That [music] was in some places like Disneyland. Mickey Mouse is a big old pervert. After we escaped Bangalore Road, we headed to a night market, then to a mall that looks like it was built in the 3000s. No Jonas Brothers. Got a quick snack while we were there and prepared to finally watch some tie fights. Pat Boxing Stadium. We got our tickets. Let's go have some fun. The man ushered us to our seats and I could not have been happier about just where they were. [music] We are like literally right next to the Three rows away. Must be awesome. I'm pumped. I wanted this to be the finale of my time here. To be training in something and then get an opportunity to watch it happen at a high level. [music] What an experience. As the event started though, the first two fighters came out and they started to walk around the outside of the boxing ring. This is called the Y crew Ram Moy and it's going to be one of the things I'm learning at the private lesson today. The Y crew Rammoy is a pre-fight ceremony that starts with both fighters circling a ring with one hand on the rope bowing in each corner. This is thought to seal the ring and protect the fighter from negative energy. Then the Y crew begins. Here the fighters kneel, bow, and perform the Y gesture three times. Y means [music] to pay respect. Crew is the Sanskrit word for guru which means a master or a teacher. This is a tradition where the fighters pay respect to their teachers, to their country and to their family. The Y crew makes up the first portion. From there it will turn into the ramoy. And don't get me wrong, this is beautiful. It's incredibly difficult, too. And in my experience, uh quite cramp inducing. [laughter] Yeah, that's not in the pre-fight ritual ideally. So within the Y crew Rammoy, Ram means dance and moy means boxing. [music] So altogether, the Y crew Rammoy is translated as the dance of the fighters paying respect to their teachers. Different Muay Thai gyms may teach different versions of this ritual. It's an interesting opportunity for each fighter to show off their own unique perspective, but also give respect to the people who came before them. A tradition that is enormous in Thai culture. Creworn taught me some different variations of each part of the Ramoy. I don't know the exact names of everything and I don't know what the symbolism is for each one. There's some that you get a pretty good idea from just by watching. 2 3 4. &gt;&gt; If you guys want the unedited version of all four of these sessions I had in Thailand, make sure you become a member down below. It's only $2.99 a month for the yellow bell subscription, which gets you access. Next week, I'm going to put out one big long version of all four of these sessions that you guys can scrub through. It's not every day you get to learn something like this, but it was amazing to get an even deeper understanding of Muay Thai than I ever thought I would from this trip. As times become more modernized though, practices like this become less and less frequent, especially during events where people want to see fights. Luckily, there's people like Crew Korn still teaching it and some events even incentivizing doing the pre-fight ritual. This is obviously only the prelude to these fights, though. [music] The nature of these Muay Thai fights typically start pretty calm. On a local circuit like this, these guys are fighting frequently, [music] which means they might not have gotten much time to game plan for each opponent. A lot of that happens in this first round. Their pace is matched by the music. This is called sarma. Some of these fights were only three rounds [music] though, so the feeling out didn't happen for long. The flute player at the head of the band continues to match the speed and aggressiveness of the fighters. The harder they go, the faster the music goes until eventually the fight ends, either via decision [music] or knockout. [cheering] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; The winning fighter will go on to celebrate as respectfully as they can, and the next [music] fight begins. Depending on the style of the fighters, you may end up with more of a chess match than an allout war. Sometimes you get a perfect mix of the two, like this one. Every strike landed gets an ooh and ah from the crowd trying to sway the judge in the favor of the fighter they want to [music] win. No fan though is as loud as a person's own corner. Both giving advice and convince the judges. Until close to the end of the fight, every strike matters. Tensions are high and eventually a winner is crowned. That was a good ass fight. That was a great fight. This one really go either way. There's nothing like sitting front row and seeing somebody's dreams be dashed. At least for now. But the duality of sport is for every person who doesn't win a championship. There's one person who does. What a [music] cool moment to watch. And then again, another wide crew round boy begins. This one looks a little bit better than mine, obviously. Isn't he supposed to be cramping halfway through? which should make sense. [music] This was one of the most action-packed fights of the night. Two highclass strikers exchanging offense and defense, narrowly avoiding disaster until eventually something was bound to [music] give. Unfortunately, I didn't get that on camera and I cannot find it anywhere, but it was one of the nastiest knockouts I've seen in person. One thing this fight didn't have as much of though is one of the staples of Muay Thai, the clinch. For a lot of fighters, it makes or breaks their performance. And it was going to be the last topic that Crew would be teaching. The Muay Thai clinch is a beautiful example of how you can control and punish a person. &gt;&gt; Crew corn here is teaching me how to go from a sharp knee to an all-encompassing defense. A posture and position keeping them from kneeing me back and then going from there, breaking the posture and getting a rotation and another knee behind it. It's like he knew this was my weakness. Creworn read me like a book. Like a children's book. Uh-huh. I know some of these words. Actually, I know all of these words cuz I wrote this book. This video is brought to you by me. Trying to read right now. If you didn't know already, I released a children's book. I wrote this book and honestly, I'm super proud of it. This is probably like 2 months worth of work and I think it turned out awesome. It is a story from the perspective of a pair of boxing gloves that achieve greatness. And for the time being, they are currently being signed. So, I'm signing this front page right here. Here, I put a little note in there. I put Sensei Seth right in the corner. I don't know if you want that kind of thing. I guess if you don't want one, just put it in the notes that you don't want me to sign it and I'll just cry. I think these will be a sick Christmas gift. Thank you guys for supporting the channel. Now, back to what was I doing again? The clinch is a dangerous position to be in because you're the closest you've ever been to getting elbowed or kneed in the head. But because of that close proximity, things like foot sweeps are readily available. [music] The swimming or pummeling of arms is an intricacy. You want to gain a position, but you don't want to give up anything [music] along the way. Until you've played around with this concept while elbows are being thrown, you don't know how scary it really is. And that's not all. the positions that you can be put in while in the clinch. Having a forehead driven into your chin bone while hands pull you into it. This position sucks. And then just when you think it couldn't suck worse, [music] you get kned in the body by the sharpest knee on planet Earth. Because Crew had me go through this session without any pads or mits, I was able to focus as much as I could on details. This was a session that after all the sweating I've done, it's much appreciated. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Do you do that in the middle on the rope? Korn essentially confirms that most clinch work happens on the ring side. Although not to be too eager to make it happen, to be more balanced in the footwork and the pressure. And if not have one and two, right? Combo. You see when you punch, you're not in too much power. I have snap snap. That was it. How fun. That was It's fun to get like little intricacy details like that, plus combinations and techniques. That was great. That was so fun. But the fights weren't over [music] yet at Patang Boxing Stadium, and the fifth fight of the night would surely shape up to be a barn burner. [music] This was a battle of two pressure fighters, each throwing [music] hay makers at every opportunity available. Drained by the time the round would end, they would become [music] soaked in water and ice and then sent back out to try and knock the monsoon off of the other person. By the end of the fifth round, you could tell both fighters had given everything they had. Any small victory was bound to be [music] the one that pushed that fighter over the edge on the scorecards. [music] Fights like these are exactly what I wanted to come see. But it was the last fight that opened up my eyes to what the game of Muay Thai is. The first three rounds have been slightly neutral. You could argue that red had won most of them with a pretty dominant clinch position and usually landing the last shot on exchanges. However, blue was probably having the better moments. But as each fighter thought they were winning the fight late in the rounds, they would begin to amplify the crowd. I mentioned this before that there was a bit of showmanship to maybe try and sway the judges, but going into the fifth round, this was at the highest level I've ever seen. I'm assuming the two fighters both thought that they were outright winning these fights because after an exchange or two, they would immediately start to pick their hands up again, showing that they are clearly dominating. Every exchange ended with a proof of victory until eventually with 1 minute left in the fight, it became nearly entirely crowded. The blue fighter seemed to be pushing this a bit more than the red. I would say he was probably down in the scorecards, but it's very possible that this wins him the fight, getting the better of a couple exchanges and then ending the fight on those notes. and both seemingly kind of just agreed to wait the last minute out. And with Muay Thai in Thailand, it's not judged on an individual round basis. How it ends is taken into account more than how it starts. So, I'm not quite sure how to feel on this one. I was pretty confident in red, but that's based on a scoring system that I'm familiar with. Red. Red. hit, [screaming] [cheering] &gt;&gt; but it was red nonetheless. And that fight was one of the six fantastic fights that all happened. Not a sleeper in the entire night. If you're in Thailand, I would recommend going to fights. It's the best. That was incredible. The energy was through the roof. You could tell the priority of what strikes meant the most to people and how the energy shifted even within the fight from one fight to the other. It was very fun to watch. I'm so glad that we won. Bas don't want to fight. I don't want to get hit in the head. Oh no, something just fell. Every time I watch fights, it's like a 50/50 on it. Makes me want to fight. But also the other half is I watch someone get the brake speed off of them and I'm like, "Nah, I'm good. I'll leave my cushy little YouTube life." The next day we would go to the temples at Watch Shalong and it kind of just allowed me to reflect on what a fantastic [music] trip this has been. Every single day here was such a blast. I was only able to train for maybe 4 days that I was here and I was beat up for most of it, but still it was one of the best experiences I've had in life. If I ever do come back, I'm going to try and spar a [music] bit more. But I do think I've learned a lot while I was here. With Trainer Gay, I learned that I can push myself even further than I ever expected. With Pi Dang, I learned that weaknesses are only weak if you don't work on them. To create a game for yourself that is full. With Azan Watt, I learned that having a steel body will help me later in life. But also, training in a way that's enjoyable and fun leads to some of the best training I've ever had. And with crew corn, it's important [music] to slow down, to remember what's important, and to find balance in how you train. I think more than anything, I'm just so excited to look back on this [music] years from now and have all of this footage that I can watch through and remember this trip. I'm getting like a little teeyed just talking [music] about it. Thank you guys for watching this. I know this is a little different than my usual content, but I just have had the best time filming and editing all [music] of this. The food was fantastic. The locations were amazing. The training was the best. Honestly, I wouldn't be able to do any of this if it wasn't for you guys. So, thank you for watching. It really means a lot to me. [music] I think this one might be my favorite temple so far. Are you allowed to have a favorite temple? I think so. &gt;&gt; Oh jeez, I just forgot. There's two more snack recaps. &gt;&gt; This is called um Full Fish. This is a chicken barbecue flavor. I I bought this one to the wife's chagrin. Uh but it is zip lockable. Okay. So, it's got a seal for if it just smells like fish and it doesn't want to stink up the room. This what we're looking at right now. Little stringy stringy strings down the hatch. &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; They can't all be winners, you know. That's That goes right in the trash. Two. [snorts] It's so soggy. It's just so much soggier than I thought it was going to be. for our last installment of Rate That Wacky Snack. Spicy lobster Lays. It's a subtle flavor, [snorts] but it is quite nice. What I want to know is where's that lobster from? If he's so spicy as far as Lays potatoes chips go, it's on the higher end. It's up there with the pizza Lays flavoring. That's pretty good. I'll give that a nine. Nine's too high. I'll give it an eight. Doesn't taste like a spicy lobster. A little spicy, but no Larry's have been harmed in the making of this. You haven't even liked yet.