Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to uh to seot. I start my my seat classes with yoga. First sequence, decompress the body in what's called the child's pose and then strongly arch your hold on. I like yoga before class, but I've only had to do yoga before class in classes that required extreme amounts of flexibility. Is this going to be one of those? And aside from the the leg bar here, you feel that this class? Okay, it is fantastic. Bing up and back. Child's pose. Two more. Arch it inside arm and stack it to the ceiling. Turn it sideways. Drift it past the arm with our knees are facing that way and roll on your stomach to the left and switch senses. That's one rep. We're going to do five more. I'm not going to lie to you guys. Going into this, I don't know what seot is. Sance, roll to the right. So far, pretty cool. But what is happening? And roll to the right. Excellent. And I know he's not talking to me right here. Also, question. What's up with all the kitchen knives down the dark tunnel? Are we going to address that? And then they we do stretch kicks down here. No. Okay. Rubber band your hamstrings. Sance to the other side. Sance. Left leg. Stretch kick. Stretch kick. One. Three more. If this is representative at all of what we're going to be doing for the rest of the day, this is going to be sick. I don't know what's going to be going on, but I'm excited. I should probably ask. If you if you had to define celot in like a sentence, how would you explain it? Well, the the first thing that needs to be understood is seot is a comprehensive term. It does not denote a single style. Okay, you could say it's an umbrella term and uh this is my seot board. It has a list of uh talks about the Majupi Empire. It was made up of anywhere from 11 to 14 countries and they're listed there. Interesting. It's believed a lot of the seaot is similar because uh Southeast Asia was under the rule of one empire. I really teach nine different looks of seaot. Some of these are reflective of a famous individual. Okay? And others are named after an animal. A popular one's a tiger. It's called Harim Mau. And I bring this up because seaot will vary from region to region, from village to village, and really from family to family. Currently celot has strong Islamic fluence very strong a mixture of Hindu and Buddhist philosophy. If it has Chinese influence they call it count. So celot is a general term. If it's from Indonesia it's called penatilot or penjakilot. So to to summarize in one sentence, Celot is a southeastern Asian martial art from the Malay islands that has a basis in self-defense uh with a lot of weapons that go along with it and has its roots and origins preserved through dance, which unfortunately you're going to you're going to see more of later. Also, our instructor is Jeremiah Lovejoy and Lovejoy is just the most applicable name possible. Look at his face. What a Love Joy kind of guy. He probably wasn't even born with that last name. Somebody just gave it to him and now it's his government last name. I'm getting off track. It's like warrior culture trying to get you to do healthy movements. I teach nine of these. The first one is this. It goes round kick and then go spinning sickle kick over. Then I go back over this way and then he'll do the same. He just target the head. This is number one. Then he'll go back. He'll go over. The second one is if he blocks my round kick. You spinning sickle kick that way. Then I'll change my base. He'll block that and spinning sickle kick that way. The third one is you go over and you chalk the foot and you chase them back and see these aren't really uh combative motions. They could be, but really these are part of the health system. I my spine has got to move over. He kicks. Oh, you're going again. Oh man, it's so hard to tell that where you're kicking from. And then I got to be able to go back. Okay, I'm here now. The switching over on the on the opposite side is tricky. That's hard. But some of the seaot is known to do those spinning kicks and then before it lands you go airborne and then you land in the s stance like that. How cool. That that would be a trademark of of that of that tradition. And that felt okay. Also, this is my buddy Adam. Uh he set this whole thing up. So everybody comment rip Adam's apples. Also, speaking of last names, his last name is Recctor. Recctor. I hardly even know. No, I can't I can't say that here. Cool. But if you were in uh a rice field, I mean there's a layer of water. you would have maybe less qualms about just jump falling into it. I mean, it's squishy. You can either start from the ground or you can drop into it. Go airborne and hit it. Yeah, that's a 100 lb bag. That's a pretty strong kick. Yeah. Scoot back a little bit and get some air time on it. Hit it. [Music] See, that's a pretty strong kick. And now stand kick it. Standing kick it. I mean, how similar is that? It was very similar. First option, your knee stays down. Come up on the knee and push your shin into it. You can even post on the ground with both hands if you choose to. Yeah. Excellent. Excellent. Excellent. Step up. Kick. Boom. That takes a lot of mobility. Third iteration is you throw that leg for momentum and you go airborne. Do you see this a lot in movies? Oh, 100%. You see this a lot in movies? A lot. Seot and and the Filipino arts and the Indonesian arts. Southeast Asian arts in general are big in Hollywood. After the warm-up, I like to start with the what's called the tiger system, okay? The harim mouth. So often, so much of the seaot of of what it really is is hidden in plain sight. This is a really interesting hallmark of clo technique one. You rocking chair up, you go to the S stance, and you pull the inside of the knee. Sance, inside knee, pull, and he follows up. Round kick, spinning circle kick, and he posts up. And uh for if you don't know someone, you you this is how you're going to initially teach them. Okay? Okay. And what I mean by that, I thought this if you don't know someone, I was expecting this to be like this is what you do to them. No, this is the gentle one. But in the Southeast Asian arts, you usually just put a blade in the hand and that's that's usually the secret of the system. All right. So, for example, on inside knee pull, this is the crumbit. Okay. So, when you roll up, don't fall, Mr. Angie. You'll just cut through the knee like that. But for the training, you roll up and it just touches and it goes over. And now you don't need to do the kicks. So you can just monitor that and you just cut a smiley face in there. Very simple. And you you might want to defend that. So you just go into the neck like that. Very very simple finishes. Maybe it goes up and then you will cut down like that. Like that like if someone's new and you don't really know them. Maybe show no weapon and you show like round kick, spinning circle kick, maybe a post. That that would be an example. Yeah. And they get the the health benefits of all the movement. Exactly. without being like, "Oh, they're they're chopping up my my bits." Little did I know that it was soon about to be my bits that would be chopped. And also, what in the heck is this style? Why? Who? Why that area? What the from here? Doesn't look like it, but I can hit your throat from here. You can hit up here. If this is number one, you'll slide in for number two. And I just ring it out like that. It's like I know you're right there, but see there's the growing. This is very simple, right? And they open the hip just like we did in the yoga. And it goes up. Feel that? Isn't that odd? Yeah. That's weird. I mean, that's a weird heel hook. Yes. In the dances, you will see this stuff. Remember you asked me why the tapping. See to your right. See to your left and stand up. You get up and back down. Excellent. Now se to the right. See to the left. See to the right. Stand up on this side. Soon as you get up, you go back down. So far so good. Yeah. Do I have to check for my wallet and my keys? I'm not sure what that one is. What about this? Oh, yes. You could practice these motions. You know, I know where this is going. Yeah. Very simple. Obviously, the speed of that would be unsafe. Yes. Technique three is leg weave. Technique four is jump scissor. Technique five is sitting on the knee, downward facing dog. So, that's doesn't that look weird? Yes. Yeah, it does look for sure. Technique six that I do is is just tight S stance with no hands like that. Technique seven is reverse S stance. Technique eight is just tackle below the knee. And technique nine, I don't know the Indonesian name for. We just call it fire pole. But you touch the knee and you roll like that and then you go under and they they tap it out here. That's the nine techniques. There's more techniques, but I stopped it. That's just in that system. That's just in that system. And are all takedowns from the ground up? Like are are most of them when you're already on the ground? Um both both answers. Both answers. And it's even worse with the crobit. You will just stick it in there and you just like that. And you don't need technique for that. But the technique for the empty hand system is harder. You have to roll like that and then you roll up to that position and then see like that and versus you can do the followup. Is is the is the camera moving here? Yep. Okay. Going slow so not to hurt any camera angle like that. Low go up up in and it may go into the groin but it could weave a little angle here and I will open. It's not lethal yet. Okay. I can say for notice your your legs shrub. Y know you're you're very exposed. Yep. Uncomfortable. Little little scary. This this makes me not want to push in this way. I think a natural reaction if someone was untrained. My fist is into you. You notice that? Yep. As opposed to this. It is different. So I could say, "Look, Seth, we got to talk about the issues we're having right now." No. Do we need to accelerate this this confrontation? A smiley face. Pretty terrible. Yeah. You need to feel that. Very simple. You see that? Look at your hand. Your hand won't let me do that though, will it? I'll trap it and go to the neck. Very simple. And that's the simpleness of the system. Yeah. Right. Where there's hands, don't go something like there's a blade. Look, I want to go through your hand anyway. Look, feel that. Feel that? It doesn't matter. Go that way. Feel that? Yeah. Yeah. Very, very simple. I now feel closer to Jeremiah than I ever thought I would. What he does with that corambit is not love or joy. That thing is a a tool of pain, which is different than a tool of gains, which is also the sponsor of today's video, the Shadow Boxer Pro from Gyro Fitness. Look like a like a cop in an 80s movie. My little suspenders on. Let's take this outside. First things first, as far as ease of use goes, this thing is incredibly easy to put on. It takes like 15 seconds total. This thing is 100% meant for boxing, but I've got Sumo Nationals coming up, so I've got a better idea. The Shadow Boxer Pro is designed to develop punching power and speed. Within 2 minutes of using this thing, I figured out pretty quickly what I wanted to use it for. It's pretty versatile. Oh, the burn. Oh, the burn is real. The only thing you can't do with this is throw kicks, but that's fine. Okay, I'm not going to lie. At first, I put it on and I was like, "How much can you really do with this?" I'm I'm I'm feeling it in the shoulders and the hip flexors. This keeps all the resistance from the back to the front of your punches rather than the top down like holding weights does. I would much prefer this over something else. It adds resistance to your punching mechanics without really hindering it. The same thing goes for your footwork. Can I practice pummeling? And there's a lot of different types of martial arts that you can use this for. If you guys want to get this, it'll be linked down below. Get yourself a good shoulder pump. Something good to warm up with, maybe to finish off workouts with. Cool little invention here. There's things that I'm like, I wish I would have thought of that. This is one of them. Dad gate. Before we get into what I can only describe as southeastern super advanced jiu-jitsu. Do you remember how earlier a lot of the stuff that we did kind of all came from the ground? Even the kicks, which are typically a I don't know, pretty standing strike. Contextually for us, it doesn't make a lot of sense to do that. If you're like myself and you live in the US right now, there's concrete, a lot of it everywhere. And the climate a fair amount of the year is pretty dry. But if you look at the context of Southeast Asia or the Malay Islands, we're talking wet, muggy ground, lots of rice farms like you mentioned before. So rather than standing and running the possibility of slipping and falling and ending up on the ground anyway, what if you started from the ground? It's just such a fascinating topic to me. I think this part is so cool and it makes a lot of sense why it looks like Jeremiah's just kind of slipping and sliding around even though he's on a mat. I don't know how he does that. One of them is they'll set down on the person here and you fold it up and they will roll in to a triangle. You can come on up, Aaron. Come on up. Yeah, that's it. Looks like a classic triangle. I mean, that looks like jiu-jitsu. Yeah. Well, they they always teach this, right? Just like that. He's tapping and then then we would exit. Then the other one they teach a triangle from the back, but they don't call it triangle. Originally, it was called octopus. Doesn't that sound weird? Yeah. They have giant octopi. Yeah. All right off the coast there. Maybe if you saw that as a fisherman, like maybe I'll add that to my martial arts. I like to think somebody dove in, came up and was like and was like this and then just went out and then and then they were like, "Huh, we got to come up with some American animal, like a good animal that we can base a style off of." Okay. Bison. A bison butt or something. It's just You just headbutt him. That's excellent. This isn't going anywhere. Okay. For the other triangle, it it's a classic behind the triangle. How they set it up is they'll block the arm. They show the growing stomp, but you'll have the kind of pistol squat. So, this one's hard to get into. Looks like a classic kind of north south triangle. The difference is instead of looking for the choke, they would hold the arm so they couldn't grab the weapon and they would do the thumb here like that. That's how they'd show it. One, two, three. The raking. Then they have an escape route where they go kind of like that. So, one of the other locks is it's a branch lock. Doesn't look like much, does it? But it it injures the rotator cuff. I'll have to let you feel this. Oh, he just lays down for me. Oh, thank you. Hello. I didn't want you to tra like that. Hit the groin, of course. But when you go into these positions here, nice and slow. Just feel this very slowly. Feel that. Let if if I'm able to achieve this this wrap. Yeah. I'm just going to turn very just looking over my left shoulder. That tap versus if I make it really tight here. Oh, yeah. Feel that? Cuz I can I can hug here and tap you out. But when I take you, see the head? It's like one and two and three. Can you defend that here? Feel that? Like that? Yeah. And I'll move this over here. So like that. And I'll wrap it up. Classic kind of triangle here. But it's hitting like this here. Blocking the arm, boogieing over, stretching. You see the growing shot, the solar plexus. Yeah. Technically, I would keep you stretched out like that. Feel that? That bite? Yeah. And the head. And I'll push my head. my foot behind head scissors arm bar and then the pancake they would they would pancake you and if I could you would kneeling exit see I don't want to smash your vertebrae but I'm supposed to like that you're and there's a weird muscle lock if I can get it can't get on everyone but it would just tap out feel that that's just a grappling sequence and there's a lot of memorization in this art yeah I I've never done like a bunch of sequencing or or like flowing from one thing to the other that is a hallmark of that's a southeast theast Asian training method. Okay. And it's a hallmark of the art. I think it's a nice way to upload the skills fairly quickly into your muscle memory. It doesn't mean it's going to go abd. Okay. That's what I was wondering at all. As I understand it, Southeast Asia in the sea too, it is an art of overkill. You might kick the leg like that, but you might throw the dirt in the face and you might kick the face instead. See, you would just kick the knee here, but you would leave it, catch the head and go position. This is the initial setup. They like the telephone position here behind the head. If you see that there, there slide in, hook the pec, and aside from the the leg bar here. You feel that? That's tap versus the groin shot. Hard to defend. Yeah, I'm avoiding your groin obviously. Let alone the face like all the girls in high school. And you can free your your right arm is not trapped. Get it out of there. Come on. Get it. Come on. There it is. If If you're you're kind of giving it to me, but you try. Arm bar. You feel the arm bar. That's it. Versus the leg bar versus the groin versus the face. That's it. And that that's the third the third technique in the series. That's so this is silot. Yes. In traditional sea cuz it's equatorial culture. So wrongs were are still a part of the culture. I mean hot. You know what I mean? Equatorial. And they learned there's a fighting art with these. Yeah. It sounds a little fictitious. Have you seen this before? Oh, like Jackie Chan with the coat. Well, this is inextricably a part of the sea. So they have in in Indonesia there are a lot of temples. The speech is if you're a spiritual person and you go to temple, it would be proper to put the sarong on and you would wear it all the way down covering the feet. This is this is traditional custom. You would wear this down and you would have other stuff on. But in the sealot, I mean it's hot and if the sarong is shortened and you would wear it like that. Some traditional practitioners, they will make you this would be part of your dress. Look at this thing. What the heck is that thing? They would use these things. See? Like that. Like that. Pick the eye. Yeah. There. Like that. And you'll learn to fight with these. You give the one. See, I don't even change the hands. You elbow. You knee. This is like throw. Look up. That's number one. You see like that. Can you roll it? Rolled down like that. And there's the choke right there. Like that. Let alone if you pull that off like that. That That's part of the art. Look how I didn't I barely changed the move. Yeah. This will choke faster than the arm. Yeah. I believe that very fast. It's very unpleasant. Yeah. So, this is part of the art. The good news is once you learn the entries, I don't have to maneu I don't have to change the art. You see what I mean? I just do the same motion. It's it's focused on the body and then what you do with it is and then let alone this one. I haven't gotten into this thing yet. Okay, here I'll let you feel very slow. I'll go fierce. Give me what? Give me a one. Give me like that. My elbow. You can block all that by the way. Like the groin kick. So if I get to this position, I'm defending your hand. If I can. This is first position. I'm just barely pulling. You feel that? Yep. See, I'm not even tweaking my body. I'll go very slow. Yeah. It just forms to the shape of everything. You feel that? Yep. Now, based off this first technique, there's numerous routes I can go. Okay. It depends. you kind of tell me where to go. Okay. But I don't want to hurt your neck. Okay. Um, one way is I can stand you up and see how the choke there. But I might spiral you around. Like it depends where your hands are at here. Like if I can free that up, I'll stand you up this way. Just look. Free. See that? If I just push you away here. Is that a real choke? Yeah, it's a real choke here. You can you can straighten your body up by the way. Just tighten your neck up a little bit. Yeah. Like that. That's like that. I don't know if I tip you up and just go down. That's it. As soon as you go down, just I'll be very slow here. Okay. Feel that. I just stand up. Yeah. Very unpleasant. Yeah. Yeah. Deadlifting my neck. If you go down here like that, I just put a knee like that. I put my fist in here. I put my palm in there like that. Or I just punch repeatedly. But if I even go to the arm bar, I can go to the brakes and the locks with that on. Yeah. Right. Yeah. So that's part of the art. It's like ghee chokes on steroids. Yeah. That's crazy. That's really But there's a there's a whole thing here. Let alone from doing it like this. Even this they have a wrist lock. Craig, this is even weirder. So from the shot here, if I if I hit like that, maybe this is fictitious cuz I can miss this. Feel that? Yeah, I do. Isn't that weird? Yes. They consider the wrist lock. I'll just gently throw you. Feel that? Excellent. Did you fall for me? No, not really. This here I can just choke it here like that. I can put my fist. This is called the noose. Like that. And I can punch punch punch and choke and choke and choke like that. It's very fast and I don't feel that at all. But of course, I can miss all that. That's pretty cool. That's insanely cool. It's funny that the two main weapons are something super sharp and and then uh close polar opposite. It's like yin and yang. Yin and right. Huh. Which this is a nice segue now to go into the dances. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So in celot there's these dances that are practiced and in fact the term penot penot refers to the dance portion meaning the art not applied celot refers to the application of the art. Oh you following that? Yep. Yep. But the story goes is in ancient times after battle, okay? If this particular group was victorious, they would probably be around the fire late at night, these celebratory things going on. You know, you're excited from the battle. And it' be warriors around the fire telling stories of what they did in the battle, bragging to, hey, did you see me do this over the to that? Did you see me do that? Eventually, music is a tribal music has always been a huge part of that part of the world. Okay. Theory is is they would just start dancing it and over time the words went away. So it was a celebratory practice. Wow. I just want you to know that before this next part starts which is very horrifying. I didn't see him do that dance yet. So uh yeah, just be warned for what's about to happen. See what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So instead of teaching you, I'm going to challenge you to do something. Like say you're you're hanging around tonight. Okay. Okay. And instead of just talking about what happened, what if you had to talk and reenact what you did today? Oh, cool. This would be like the origins. Yeah. In my hotel room. Yeah. Or but you can do it right now. But you could you could relive any experience. Okay. Excellent. On camera. It'll be great. Man, this is brutal. Okay. Um H without words and music. I think that's making it all Yeah. I don't have any music and my drums are a little flat. Otherwise, I I would drum for you. That's okay. That would help. It would help. It would, but we don't need that. Okay. Of course, you might need it. [Laughter] Okay. I can't I don't think I can watch it. I'm not going to edit this. I'm not going to cut it up. I'm not going to put music over top of it. If I have to watch it like this, so do you. I'm so I from the bottom of my heart, I am so sorry. I'm just gonna let it play. This is a long battle. Well, it's kind of a Yeah, I'll explain in a second. Okay. Excellent. Oh, love it. Love it. Now, let me Okay, before you tell us why, you want to guess? Before you tell us the why, okay, let's say you uh that became something you practiced regularly. You loved reliving that story so much. And then you gathered people who wanted to study with you cuz they liked how you fought, right? And then somehow that became the first dance you taught, but it was based on your experience, right? You're trying to convey that. This is like origins. Yeah. Yeah. I think this is a very real real possibility. Sure. It it also makes sense that uh stories would be passed down this way because they're more entertaining than just a person being like, I did this and then I did this and then I did this. This can live on longer and then you would learn to make it more entertaining. Yeah. Uh, what do you mean more entertaining? I had the best time doing seot. This is a martial arts style that I really knew nothing about coming into it and it's just so fascinating. The thought of throwing kicks from the ground in rice fields because standing and fighting might be too slippery or how the kurambit would change grappling sequencing some of the craziest joint locks and chokes I've ever seen. I had such a good time. Guru Love Joy. 10 out of 10 teacher. 10 out of 10 experience. How fun. If you want to see this whole thing uncut, make sure you become a yellow belt member down below. It's $2.99 a month and you get access to uncut version of pretty much any of these martial arts sessions that you see me do. Thanks for watching. Subscribe. Follow that. So, give us the why of what you just told us here. Uh, that was just my martial arts experience bottom to top. So, I started off on the knees with karate growing up and then I moved into Muay Thai. Lifetime story. Yeah. And then Well, and then into the judo and then the jiu-jitsu and then finishing up with the sumo and then I edited it all. Wow. Excellent. And then it all went into the YouTube. Yep.