Kind: captions Language: en Three years ago, I sat down and recorded a YouTube video where I ranked martial arts. Boxing is limited in a lot of ways that a lot of these styles aren't. And that YouTube video probably changed my life. Do they have powerful kicks? Yes. I don't think it's the most efficient form of movement. It's also one of the most viewed and scrutinized things I've ever done. I think there are too many people who are trying to teach a scaled version of the martial art. But since then, I've gone out into the world and tried almost all of them. the ones I've given the best rankings and the worst. So, what started out as a YouTube video where I sit down in a room by myself and talk crap about martial arts, a lot of which I did without any context other than videos I'd seen online. I think it's time to give that another shot. I'm kind of nervous about this. Uh, but I'm not just going to pander. I'm not going to try and get people's opinions back. I'm not going to try and like sway them. Be like, "No, I've learned from my mistakes." No, I think I was right about some of it. I think that if you know judo, instead of using striking and being able to punch somebody, inflict damage that way, um, you're using the ground. Uh, judo, that's the corniest thing. Everybody says that. It is the corniest thing, being like, I inflict damage with the ground. It's true, but it's kind of corny. I gave judo a C tier. Judo is probably the one that I've most recently tried, and it is the hardest martial art that I've tried by far. It's not close. The energy system that judo takes to throw people in an environment where everybody's strong, athletic, and doesn't want you to throw them. To give judo a C tier, let me let me hear my explanation. Uh I think they might be able to do submissions in some styles. It depends. I'm sure they're just not negligent. Okay, so the next one's going to be boxing. That's all I had as an opinion on that. Um the original rankings were based off of this situation. If you, a random person, walked into a random gym of this style of martial art, trained for a while, and got attacked, how well could you defend yourself? I gave judo a Ctier here because uh they didn't have strikes. Which leads us right into our next scale we're going off of here, the regret scale, which goes from one to whatever's happening here. This is a 10 clearly, right? This one for me is like it's like showing up late to a job interview. Levels of regret. I said maybe they do submissions. They have like a whole it's half of what they do. Boxing. Boxing obviously is an awesome great sport. Um it is a martial art in my opinion because anytime you're moving your body and creating art. Um just like dancing is creating art. Boxing. God, that's freaking smart. But I do think that there's some important stuff there that boxing misses out on. Yeah, clearly they just punched. Going to give boxing B tier. B tier. Hm. I'm going to do like most of you guys did and generate opinion before I hear anything else. If you get into an altercation with somebody outside of here, the thing they're probably going to try and do to you first is either grab you or punch you, unless they have a knife. Here's the thing. There is a puncher's chance. You're more likely to get punched by a dude on the street if you're a boxer than you are to get thrown by a dude on the street if you're a judoka. Like that. I think that's irrefutable, right? Can we all agree with that? [Music] Punching is a natural human response. Yeah, I'm I I think I feel I feel pretty strongly about this. Wow, the sky fell out. You know it's bad when the wind is like schools of fish like flowing through the air. Okay, moving on to kung fu. Kung fu is kind of a blanket term for a lot of different Chinese martial arts styles. We're going to talk about the average, though. We're going to do our best to talk about I think kung fu actually means hard work. Isn't that Isn't that right? Which like I think it's too broad. Like narrow it down a little bit. A lot of these styles are going to have schools within them that are crummy. Okay. All right. That's enough. There's a tendency in traditional martial arts to be a little too stuck in the mysticism of it all. To look back and be like, "This is what was written down. Oo, that was a big one. I think the kung fu gods may be smiting me because it feels really cool to like training something that somebody was training in 2,000 years ago that might even not have been ever said. Kung fu is going to be our first D tier. Sorry. Kung fu a D tier. I I don't know if I want to agree with that still. I've tried Wing Chun, Tibetan Hopgar, Taloo, which is contemporary woou. I went to the SA World Championships. Was phenomenally cool. Here's the thing, though. The styles that I seek out are going to be through teachers that I trust because I'm never going to put somebody on my channel that I think isn't really good at what they do and is a good name for the sport that we're trying out. I'm I'm just not going to do that. There's too much that's higher than Dtier and there's too much that's lower than Dtier, to be honest. So, I think that would mean it averages out and it should sit at Ctier. Kung Fu at Ctier, I feel comfortable with that. But to me, there's one definite outlier. I think Sonda for us is going to be A tier. I think it's pretty easy A tier answer here. The only reason I would put Sod A tier and not bump it up to S tier right now is because the rule sets are kind of particular. But overall, here's how the point system works. If you hit them, you get a point. If you take them down, congratulations. You're up by more points. If you throw them off of this ledge twice, you win. So, I think I think that's probably a good skill to have to throw people off ledges. Especially if you're somebody that works in a building with multiple floors, like in a mall. Like, if you work in a mall and you work on the second floor, Sundas does support for you. This is so dumb. Zero regrets on those picks, but I would regret it if I made somebody upset that does sombo. is like what I imagine the Greek gods would have done because they were immortal. Like they could just do whatever they wanted to each other. It's such a weird take. Why would Why would Greek gods who were pretty much naked all the time? Their bodies were perfect. Why would they wear again as expected? The pressure with Sombo is insane. like their ability to just get a hold of you and continue to like and then like you take and then they it's a lot. It's not like the most technically proficient striking style in my opinion. It doesn't have to look that pretty to work. We're just going to maul you and punch you and kick you and take you down and snap you in half and take your guts and feed them to children. That's too far. Sombo's going to be the first S tier we ever rank here. to me sombo and and s is like the more technically really clean martial art and then sombo is like the down and dirty like beach like they're two variations of the same thing kind of coach Rothrock was like the strongest human I've ever dealt with in my life probably which like with a name like Rothrock I regret ranking S tier as much as I regret buying a pack of raw cookie dough and eating it on the way home. 10 out of 10. Do it anytime. I'll be honest, I like don't even want you to be very close to me for this. This next one though, it's kind of uncomfortable for me to think about what I've seen from Capoera Capua. Uh I probably would take a couple months of it, but I would Is it culturally inappropriate for me to say it like that? Should I keep saying it in my accent or should I try and say it how it's supposed to be said? That's honestly like that's a I'm kind of curious because it sounds kind of pretentious for me to say it because everything else I say sounds like a like a middle-aged white dude in North Carolina, you know. I don't know as much about capoare as I do some of these other styles. I'm sure in its traditions it was a little less dance related, but I wouldn't invest a lot of my time in it. Um, and because of that, it's going to be our first it's going to be our first F tier. I said this earlier, that doesn't mean you can't use it. I gave an F to your one, Pablo, I'm sorry. Um, uh, I said this earlier, that doesn't mean you can't use anything from it. Do they have powerful kicks? Yes. Do they have powerful kicks? Yes. I did a video where I talked about who has the most powerful kicks and I measured Capua's kicks. It was insane. They were so strong. And the buildup and the windup isn't as negligent as people would think. Like, it's not for nothing. It's not just like randomly thrown out there that they're doing these movements. And watching highlevel capoistas again, I don't know. Um, spar those dudes thump. Those guys can hit hard. And the amount of finesse and technique that that that would take is pretty insane, man. F tier at Capua. Um, I think I would have to take that back. I give that ranking an F tier. I think I would give it a higher ranking. Um, I kind of also am halfway through this thinking I don't want to rank them anymore to be honest. It's kind of like a copout, but like I didn't really come here wanting to re-rank them. Is this Wait, hold on. Is this growth? The first one we're really going to dig into is going to be systemma. It's a Russian style of like I I like to think of system as like Russian kung fu essentially. It's like very flowy and it's d right and a lot of low kicks and they do some takedowns. Um Oh, Seth. Oh baby, no. We're actually going to start off with SMA at a Dtier. A D tier. System D tier. That was that was kind of a little bit more giving than I was expecting. I've thought for sure I would have put system at F tier. High levels of body awareness, low levels of every other type of awareness. Again, I only find the best teachers. I liked Glenn a lot. When I did systemma, the knife fighting that we did, like the the ability to roll through stuff and kind of keep your body safe in really weird positions. And actually, I cut a fair amount of it out that was like a little bit more regular. We did shoulder rolls. We did rolls from different positions like falling down in different ways. It was there's just break falls but with more purpose. The methodologies of training are the most unique part of it. Actually, I can't even say that cuz the way that they punch is unique. Everything they did do from an outside perspective almost seems like it's like just to be different, like kind of quirky. Like I don't listen to pop cuz it's popular, you know? Is pop short for popular? When he punched me, those things hurt. I was not overreacting when he punched me. I was like, like I felt like I like phantom pooped or something. I don't know enough about how the average person practices. I've only had two opinions on it. The opinion of the one class that I took about systemma and the opinion of all of the crazy videos that I've seen. I've yet to see a video online that wasn't like what's happening other than my own which I made. [Music] [Laughter] Yep. Okay. I saw I needed to see them as Dier I just watched. That's brutal. Yeah. I still don't know how I feel about this one. I I don't even know how much I regret it. It's like I think it's like eating pizza after it's been out for a couple days. I'll probably regret it later. Oh, jiu-jitsu. Of the things that I do on a regular basis, Brazilian jiu-jitsu is probably my least favorite. Not that I don't like it. I just like everything else more. Let's Let's hear what I give Brazilian jiu-jitsu. Either one. I'll find the one. A lot of jiu-jitsu schools teach from standing up. I think jiu-jitsu is an awesome player to the game. This guy kind of just talks a lot, huh? Have a lot of bad things to say about jiu-jitsu. I have done talks about in the past. Take martial arts. It's not always for the same reason. rules are leaning more towards the sport, which is fine. Just rank it. You're going to give jiu-jitsu the A tier. Great belt rating. Okay, so I give jiu-jitsu a tier. Um, best belt system in America minus like two points cuz you know, dangerous to pull guard in the street. What you practice the most reps in is what you're going to end up doing. There's just so much to learn. Like when it comes to striking, there's one plane of existence. It's both guys standing up. But in jiu-jitsu, there's so many different ways that you can attack or be attacked or defend easily. Not even close to the most information dense martial art of all time. At some point after a certain rank, you just learn how to do jiu-jitsu against other jiu-jitsu people. You no longer are in most schools. You're not really uh trying to fight a super effective near dwell. But it's practiced at such a high level that honestly I think it wouldn't be a detriment to know more things about jiu-jitsu and the human body and strangling and ripping and tearing and choking and hurting people. Um, jiu-jitsu and a tier S tier opinion by me. Way to go, Seth. Let's get up. Savat Savat is kickboxing with boots on. Yes. They supposedly they have like steel toe boots and then also the heels are supposed to be like made harder so when they kick each other it hurts worse. Does kicking each other not already hurt enough? I was on it on this video. This one is so much better. Talked about how all kickboxing gets an A. Right. Wrong. Savat's French. It's French fighting. We're going to squeeze that here into Btier. Savat at Btier. Here's the interesting thing about Savat. Savat's boxing is actually really good. I would put Savat at A tier. Professor Nicholas is like one of the only French people I've met and he was cool. So, that bodess well for France. Regret level for Savat uh a petite amount. That's French for just a little bit. I think it should have been a tier. With that being said, I know we said we'd go based off of the average, and unfortunately, the average of karate right now isn't what it used to be. Karate more than most of these is a lifestyle martial art where there's such a wide birth of things that they teach you. You have to be at a really good school for a really long time to be good at fighting with karate. And I think there are plenty of karate schools that are really good and they teach you a really good system and then you learn how to do it and then you probably stick with it for a long time. Man, I'm just kind of like puttering around. Honestly, I think karate at Ctier is probably fair. All right, here's the deal. The culture of traditional karate is too stuck in absolute yeses and nos when it comes to how it's interpreted. There's a lot of really cool forms, strikes, throws when it comes to karate. But right now, most talk within the martial art is just about how other people don't get it as right as you do. So instead of a culture of exploration and growth, it is mostly fingerpointing, disapproval, and hiding your own secrets, which is unfortunate cuz it's really cool martial art. But I don't regret giving it a C. Anyway, that got depressing. What's next? So, we're going to go sumo for this one. So, sumo is probably one of my favorite martial arts to watch. I think that if you trained in sumo wrestling and you like lived the lifestyle, like you were a big huge guy, I think you beat somebody with a knife. I think that you can do what you need to somebody with a knife before you. I know what I'm talking about here cuz this is a hot take, but I kind of still feel this way. Here's why though. It's not cuz it makes you a better fighter. Cuz if you live the life of a sumo wrestler, you become athletic and strong and fast with high explosiveness and you have like a larger barrier to get to your organs. Kind of makes sense that it's like a it's like armor, you know? Anyway, we're going to go sumo B tier for sumo. Sumo B tier. Honestly, takedowns. They've got how to move somebody, how to offbalance somebody, strikes, um, and then how to stay upright, which is like very important in my opinion when it comes to fighting. Sumo is like the king of, "Hey, I made you fall down and I stayed standing, sucker. Look at my naked butt." my level of regret far far far less than when I posted my sumo match on Instagram and I went traditional. So, just a moashi. Uh, and then my mother-in-law saw that because she's on the internet as well. And then she texted my wife and was like, "I didn't expect to see Sespot today. I regretted that." Where was I going with this? Oh, uh, I don't regret my ranking of sumo. Anyway, let's speed round the next couple. Muay Thai a tier. Muay Thai at the same level as jiu-jitsu makes a lot of sense to rank it that way. In my opinion, it's like one of the best varieties of techniques that you can learn. It's not too many. You can get good enough to beat the average person in like 2 years, a year to two years if you if you clinch and use a good game plan sooner than that. Muay Thai. I'll stick with an A. I'll stick with an A tier for Muay Thai. And then I rip on Taekwondo for like as long as I can cuz it's my most favorite style to make fun of. It is a very much so a specialty martial art like boxing, wrestling. I'm going to talk about this. The skill set that you have to have to be good at taekwondo. Very athletic. D tier. D tier. I gave it below karate. I think I think the art of taekwondo kind of puts you in too many compromised positions compared to other martial arts. It doesn't really stack up very well. But the skill set and people who are good at it can use it in a way that's like insane that your body can't really comprehend. people usually look down on a little bit more. And I think that's strictly because of when you see something online, you see somebody applying a technique to a standing opponent. The reason that people like the validity of things like Muay Thai and judo and jiu-jitsu and stuff like that is because you see it in sport that resembles the actual style so similarly that that it gives you confidence that it works. I was trying so hard to sound smart here. I was just like I was just saying words. My experience with Krav Maga has been again good because I've found good people to teach me. A lot of Krav Maga schools seem to just doomsday prep, jump right to the most aggressive thing rather than like learning basic fundamentals, but I could be wrong. Carolina Self-Defense, I took a crab mag class from them. Uh, and we learned how to sprawl if somebody shoots a bad double leg. That's good stuff. I liked that. That was really cool. And then obviously there was this situational self-defense master class torture chamber that I was put in with Ryan Hoover. That was a lot. That was the most nervous I've been for anything by far. Let's see what I rank Krab Magaw. Uh the idea we talked about the average and I'm going to put Krab Maga on the same average as karate. I think Yeah, I Okay, I agree with that. Um, I think karate at the same level as krab magga is fair because so many people are doomsday prepping when it comes to kar which to be fair is doom to be had. Doom happens regularly. There's a tendency of what you see online about kraba at least to just be the most outrageous and insane stuff rather than stuff that happens to people on a daily basis. I feel like I've gotten a good taste of what happens to people on a daily basis and how they combat that. Um, but again, I picked the best. My opinion for Crab Magguy actually has gone up a little bit recently. I regret this like a two. Iikido gets probably the most hate in the community right now and it's due to stuff like Steven Seagal. There have been people who come out from the Iikido community who have been like pressure testing it and trying it and and what happens is you realize that you have to change something. My experience with Iikido so far has been very very limited. Um, I did one video where I did Iikido. I think they called it combat iikido combat iikido iikidat. It's one of those. And actually the stuff that we learned was really cool. We talked about wrist locks and why they have a culture of rolling through and doing these over dramatic falls which is essentially like do you want your wrist to be broken? Then you should roll. I think it is gone so far in the I'm your teacher, you're going to do what I say route. It's gone so far down that path that uh it's it's hard to recover from that, especially now when we have access to all this different information and we can see all these other martial arts styles. Like you're going to get made fun of. Uh I'm going to go with my gut here and give Iikido an F. That doesn't mean that it's bad, but out of the list of these, I think there's just different levels. I put it in F tier. I put Iikido in F tier. As far as the average goes, again, I've worked with some people that are that are super good, and I liked it, but uh I I think I still hold the same opinion of the average of Iikido. You know, there's just still a little too much shenanigans happening in my opinion. The the level the level when it comes to shenanigans. Yeah, you can probably hear the regret in my voice here, right? Um ninjutsu is F tier. I not we're not even going to talk about this. there's no need for you to sneak around. Uh maybe like learning how to shoulder roll falls and rolls. Overall athleticism very good for you, but as a practice with combat value included, [Music] you know, it's uh we're not going to talk about much. Oo, sorry, Hardy. Ninjitsu and Ftier and I didn't even think about it. My experience with ninjutsu has been pretty interesting cuz it's a lot of the same stuff that everybody else does with a little bit more influence by like uh espionage. I would train under Hardy. Uh Sensei Hardy, what do you call a ninja instructor? Like uh do you even know who it is? But like having practiced it, the style itself that I learned was like pretty cool. I liked that. Man, I should start really venturing out into more crappy learnings. I think that would make this a little bit easier. I think it's better than F tier. But I think it's some of it's not really useful anymore. Like unless you're in Actually, I used Nitsu last night. That's crazy. I thought there was a dude behind my house and I have a fence. There's lights right here that cast a shadow across the trees in the back when I walk out. I thought he was on the back side of the fence. I didn't want him to know that I was outside. So, I crouched down and like like ninja walked until I got up to the fence. And then once I did, I took my flashlight and was like, and I just wanted to freak them out and see if I heard them move a little bit. But overall, there was not anybody behind my house and didn't just don't really exist anymore. Do they? No, I do have a little regret. I I think I could have spoken more favorably about it the first time had I trained with Hardy first, but instead I just saw all the videos that are online, which are a little sketch. But look, here's the thing. This tier list has given me a headache a few times when it comes to the reactions that I've gotten from it. I know for a fact that if I hadn't started this journey, gotten the backlash that I gotten, and gone out into the world and tried all these martial arts out, I would be a much sadder, more arrogant, less informed, and less trained human. And for that, I want to say thank you guys. Okay, please keep in mind that out of all of the things on this list, you can take something away from each of these different martial arts styles and add them to your own journey. Personally, I hope that I get a chance to work on all of this stuff throughout my lifetime and maybe I can document it and put it on here. That's where it's hard is because symbolically it seems like I'm not taking martial arts anymore. I'm just like quitting and ending my channel, but in all actuality like I just have to lock up in order to leave. It' be irresponsible of me to leave all the doors unlocked and the lights on. All right. Well, I'll be seeing you. Don't cancel me, please. That would be greatly appreciated. I talked for about 4 hours about martial arts and then I edited it strenuously and then I uploaded it. So, the least you could do is watch this video right here. It's uh recommended for you. You've probably not seen it yet and YouTube thinks you'd like it. and they are the higher power and we must obey what they say. So, and I'll just be right here waiting.