Kind: captions Language: en Uh, okay. I'm going to Thailand. I am so nervous. Um, I've done Muay Thai for the last 6 years. So, the experience of going to Thailand and training even a little bit Muay Thai. I've got a good bit of private sessions ready to roll with some top top top level guys. Definitely nervous for the Muay Thai. Like, is it going to be harder? Is it going to be easier? Like, am I going to look like a dumb foreigner who doesn't know what he's doing? I would hope not. I've been doing it for a while. Oh, and they speak a different language over there. Did you guys know that? I don't know that language. Hopefully the schedule looks like 4 days in Bangkok. Literally the first day that I'm there, I have a private session. The second day I'll get to do some sightseeing. Then it'll be 2 days of sumo, Saturday, Sunday. Then I'll have the next five or so days in Phuket dedicated to seeing the country, Muay Thai training, watching fights, going to the beach, eating food, and hopefully avoiding monsoon season. You know, monsoon's like with all the rain. Water in general. Not the most ideal timing. But I I like our odds. Man, I'm just so excited. I wish I was there right now. Lucky for you guys, you'll probably just see like a cool montage of me traveling starting I don't know, right now. All right, we are hour eight of 27 in. Honestly, I didn't think that flight was that bad. Last one was easy, this one was worse. The office saved it, but 11 hours is awful. Now we're in Bangkok. Let's go. I want a nap. What a room tour. We have bed. Um, telephone for calling and such purposes. We got fridge stocked with not one water. It is Come here you got a bathroom. Got a trashcan, a beautiful view. Oh, yeah, I guess the view's the most important part. Beautiful view of Bangkok. Cool. The hospital over there. We'll learn more about it later. Over here is pool. Milk. With a window. I might shower with that window open. On the agenda for today. If you have ever seen a man that is giving private lessons in Thailand and makes a fool of the people who are there working out with, that's who we're going out and training with today. Uh, it's his name is trainer gay. I've heard two things about training with him. One is that it's fun, and then two is that it's miserable, which are like typically two That's not really Why am I doing that? I got a couple things that I need to get out of this training session in particular. Number one, I need to learn Muay Thai. Duh, obvious. More importantly, at the airport I weighed 257 lb. I need to cut down to 254 for my sumo tournament. Number three, I need to warm my body up without necessarily fatiguing myself. That's where it gets a little difficult, but I've got a plan. I note written out that says, "Please, I need to warm up, but not train super hard." So, hopefully that works. It's 10:50 in the morning and I get to the Superbond training camp location. I figured I would do some bag work while I wait for trainer gay. And already I'm sweating. I'm definitely not used to these conditions. But it wouldn't be long before the private lesson started and I was handed a heavy rope. Jump rope is not anything unusual for Muay Thai training. The heavy rope is a little additional punishment, but 3 minutes of this, ah, I can make it work. &gt;&gt; no, no, no, no. Wait, wait, wait, wait. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. After that he went on to say, "Okay, on your back." And at this point I was like, "Oh, no. The hell has begun." What do we have? We got situps now? No, actually surprisingly. He started stretching my feet. Now, a lot of people pay good money for this. What he's doing, not me. But it wasn't just my feet. He would continue to stretch out my hamstrings. And not just a little bit. This man pushed my hammies to their limits. I could hear each individual hamstring playing a little song of agony. It probably sounded something like this if you were up close. Yeah, no, this was a pretty thorough stretch that I got. And I'm not saying it wasn't necessary. I needed it after the 27 hours of travel. Was it painful? Oh, yeah, 100%. Was it thorough? Uh, even more so. But this isn't unusual. In fact, it wasn't until the next day that I learned what a big part of Thai culture the massage is. That's awesome. That's really cool. It reverberates through you when you hit it. It's like The next morning we would take an hour-long trip to the center of Bangkok. Hoping to see two Buddhist temples steeped in Thai history and culture. The first, Wat Arun, isn't this incredible? Also known as the Temple of Dawn, this fantastic architectural achievement is made of porcelain and shells. They say that all of the ceramic pieces are repurposed from trades with China and they built it kind of as a way to show the rest of the nations, rest of the world that they were open to trade. It is still an active Buddhist temple, but this building has been around since the 17th century. Every little nook and cranny and detail this place looks like it should have its own entire dedicated building or campus. Yet every 10 steps that you take you find a new fascinating layer of history that is just all packed into this little set of eight or so buildings. While this temple is spectacular and beautiful, this only our first stop of the day. We then hopped on a boat, crossed the river, and went to Wat Pho, a temple linked to the origins of the Thai massage. Also home of the famous lying down Buddha. [Music] It is so hard to visualize or like illustrate on camera just how big this thing is. [Music] Wat Pho is known as the birthplace and the preservation center of the Thai massage. The temple walls even contain diagrams made of stone carvings that illustrate the energy lines in the human body. Most of these illustrations are linked to Jivaka Kumarabhacca. Uh, that's probably not pronounced right, but they were the physician to the Buddha. Wat Pho is associated with the type of massage. It's a unique combination of acupressure, yoga-like stretching, and passive joint mobilization. That doesn't look exactly like some of the stuff I was going through yesterday. Oh, man. That's crazy. I could feel the energy lines going through me yesterday. That's probably part of it. It is a fully clothed, floor-based therapeutic experience. Does that sound familiar? Yeah, the very first thing that I did in Thailand was get somewhat of a Thai massage. And I had no clue. From there we moved on to shadow boxing. Which again is something that I'm used to doing. However, shadow boxing in front of a coach for the first time, especially one of this caliber, is uh, a little extra nerve-wracking. Cuz you want to look nonchalant. You want to look cool. But you also want to look like you know what you're doing. So, I'm throwing some boxing combinations. I'll throw some kicks in there. Hoping that he will respect me. I don't know what I was looking for, to be honest. I didn't know exactly how he felt though, because we just went right into calf raises. I didn't know this would be such an unfortunate foreshadowing. But after the calf raises we would go into um, a very basic instruction of a Thai stance. Ouch. He then seems to be testing me a little bit further. Do you know what a jab is? Do you know how to check a low kick? Do you know how to throw a one-two? What about a lead hook? What about a lead hook, Seth? What about a lead hook? Why do you suddenly forget what a lead hook is? Thank you, goodness gracious. This going to be a long session. But I had just no idea how long of a session it was going to be because this position would be a staple of the session. He would make sure my left hand is covering my head, my right arm is way back, emphasizing the hip turn, and my toes being the only thing on the ground. And at 250 lb, this is not an easy task. But I didn't come here for an easy task. I came here for instruction. And in this case that instruction really kept me on my toes. Sorry. Learning from a person who speaks a different language than you is not as difficult as you would think. With the right amount of body movements that you can mimic, and funny enough, even like facial expressions or sounds that can help you understand, yes this, uh, no not that. Those small forms of communication can really carry a session like this to become something you actually learn from. I didn't understand exactly what he meant all of the time, but we did get into a groove. And it wouldn't be long before if he wanted it, I could do it. Which is a good and a bad thing. Good thing because I get more out of the session. Bad thing because it means we can do more, and that is going to be harder. Ah! [Music] I don't think he understood. If you will translate. Luckily for me though, I wasn't going this alone. In fact, I had my Element, which is the sponsor of today's video. Element is a sugar-free electrolyte drink mix with zero dodgy ingredients, zero artificial coloring, and has exactly what you need to put back in your body when you sweat an absolute ton like I am right now. I take it literally everywhere I go. Muay Thai training Thailand, got my Element. Hiking in a volcano in Hawaii, got my Element. Judo practice, Element. Sumo, Element. With 1,000 mg sodium, 200 mg potassium, and 60 mg magnesium, it keeps you from getting dehydrated when you lose the electrolytes that you need while sweating. They even have these canned carbonated versions right now. Slap me in the face. I don't know why I said that, but these cans are very good. They've been a regular part of my routine now. Pineapple, come on. If you order using my link, which is drinklmnt.com/sensaiseth, you can get one free sample pack with every order. Even if you've already ordered before, use my link and get your free sample pack. Again, that is drinklmnt.com/sensaiseth. 100% money back guarantee. If you don't like it, you keep all the salt, you tell them you didn't like it, you get your money back. No fuss, no muss, no coconuts. Let's get back to what we're doing. I had just no clue how difficult this session was going to be. So, proactively, retroactively, I'm I'm going to have us take a break. It's so hard to tell you guys one how humid it is right now, but two how big that Buddha was, too. This whole thing is insane. It's really cool that stuff like this still exists through the expansion of a city. Like, this is a beautiful little pocket in a in a culture that's been expanding well after all of this is built. It's beautiful. Each little piece of like each little tile here is hundreds of years old, and there's millions of these little pieces all over the place. Everything's so shiny and white, and it's probably been that way for a long time. But, clearly these aren't just beautiful buildings or even just worshipping places. See, hundreds of years ago, the monks that were living at these temples weren't just practicing Buddhism. They were also practicing in martial arts, focusing on self-defense or military training. What would eventually become Muay Thai, however, it wasn't always Muay Thai. Originally, it was called Muay, which would then turn into Muay Boran, and only later would be refined to the sport we now know as Muay Thai. The word Muay itself is thought to be translated from some form of the word unity. And to those who wanted to become great fighters, they would go to these temples and train with the monks because again, they weren't just leaders in spirituality. They were often retired military soldiers or high-ranking officials or men from nobility. If you wanted to be great at fighting in Thailand, you would come to train with these monks. Oftentimes in these Muay Thai gyms today, you'll still see Buddhist shrines. Just days after I left the Superbon training camp, they made merit, which means accumulating good deeds and positive energy through actions like offering food to monks. This is rooted in the Buddhist belief of karma. While it may not seem it from the outside, these temples and Muay Thai have a deep connection. And while I was doing all that yapping about Muay Thai history, Trainer Gae went and got the Thai pads. Now, I'll warn you, what you're about to watch uh quickly goes from the most excited I've been about a training session to the most embarrassed I've been about a training session. 20 minutes into the training session, I was pretty tired, but the second we started hitting pads, I was doomed. [Music] As you can probably hear after the first low kick I threw, he said, "More strong." So, I obliged. [Music] Part of me was holding back before because I kind of knew I wasn't in Muay Thai shape right now. [Music] After throwing a single set of combinations, I was nearly exhausted. I quickly told him, "Hey, I'm sorry. I'm in sumo shape right now. You know, sumo is a when you push each other." And he said, "Oh, the sumo." And I said, "Yeah, yeah, yeah, sumo." And he went, "Oh, okay, okay." Let's keep going. So, we went into what I would assume is another round. I can't say for sure though because there was no round timer. It was just kind of at the mercy of Trainer Gae. Uh but, the more I think about it, I think it was more at the mercy of me. He would just keep going until I didn't have any more or until he felt an adequate end, which I both liked and didn't like because those ends came quickly. I don't know if it was the heat or the humidity or the travel, I could not keep this train rolling. Then I would apologize again, he'd say, "Yes, no problem." Then we'd start again. [Music] I really like the variation of techniques that he was coaching. There were tons of basics and essentials, things that I needed help with that we worked on throughout the session. But, he would also spice it up and he would let me throw some some like superman-esque techniques. Things that I might not throw every day, but that I would ultimately love to get good at. You know, if I ever wasn't exhausted, if I ever wasn't such a lazy piece of In between these rounds, he kind of asked me how long I'd been training, and I told him like roughly 6 years, but it's been a while. And I couldn't figure out a way to simplify that. So, we ultimately ended up just kind of looking at each other and wondering why I suck so bad. We went through one last combination, and I didn't feel the worst. Technically, I feel like I'm doing okay. I know it's sloppy and it's not pretty, but I'm not falling over. My hands are definitely the worst part about this, but you know, uh my arms are jello. And eventually, my body would give out once again. In fact, it wouldn't just give out. I ran away from him. I don't know why I did this. I'm assuming I just didn't want to be close enough to him that he would make me throw more punches and kicks, or maybe I just thought there was more air on that side of the room available to breathe. He noticed this though, and he was gracious enough to give me a much-needed water break. [Music] This is humanity. I should not be this tired. It's so embarrassing. All I could think in that moment was, "Man, I bet I'll get to go to some cool temples tomorrow." And I did. But, now it's time to leave the beautiful Wat Pho, hop on a boat, go across the river to IconSiam. What I can call easily the biggest mall I've ever been in. Get this. This place had 500 shops, has eight floors. Do you know how many escalators that is? Seven. Well, at least seven. I'm sure they have multiple per floor. This place has over 100 food vendor choices, which means it's time for this series' very first meal review, where I eat it and then I rank it. Meal reviews are pretty easy to understand. I don't remember the name of this place, but on the bottom floor, they had a ton of local vendor carts. Just off to the side, there was this little bitty restaurant with three Michelin reviews, and that beckoned me in. I hopped in, had myself a little fried pork. It's perfect amount of crunchy and juicy. The sauce was fantastic, and can you spell delectable? No, really, I'm asking. I'll probably have to subtitle this. Um I give this a 4.1 out of five. But, what I thought was even better were these little desserts that we found afterwards cuz you know I'm going to have a sweet treat. I physically have to. I got a little something called khanom buang. It's a Thai crispy pancake with a little sweet filling inside, and man, that sweet feeling gives me that sweet feeling. You know what I'm saying? I would eat a thousand of these. Five out of five. Oh, I have to I have to go back to training now. Okay, yeah. [Music] These last few rounds, I finally started to feel like I was getting in the groove. These combinations are all reaction-based. It's on me as the striker to hit with power, precision, and strength, but not give so much that I immediately get stuck after that technique because he might ask for something else after that. That is the beauty in pad holding is trying your best to synchronize with the holder. The holder is requiring you to throw the next thing that he wants. So, it's a difficult dance to hit something as hard as you can, not know what's coming next, or if that's the end of the combination. Some of these I'm reacting to what he wants. And then some of them I know that I'm building a combination, so when he says go in a second, I know it's going to be that combination. This is one of the things I always find fascinating about how different people hold pads. But the best guys, like trainer Gae here, all are striking with you, not making you catch up to what they want. [Music] One thing that we had not done that is super prevalent in Muay Thai though is the clinch. And at this point he knows I'm a sumo wrestler and I'm a big guy, and I could feel him kind of just hang on my head. I'll be honest, I didn't want to fall down because that meant I would have had to get back up, and I don't know if I had the energy for that. So I just kind of gave myself as good a posture as I can, and hoped he wasn't going to sling me around. He gave me a very strong, and then he gave me a couple more things to do to break the clinch. But let me tell you, that clinch drained every ounce of energy from my body. I am no longer a person, I am a sack of body parts mushed into a soulless being. [Music] So every strike I threw after that was from a poor, lifeless body that had nothing left. But I think that brought us closer together, trainer Gae and I. He seemed to enjoy this at least. [Music] There's not a lot of moments in life where I'm like, "Hmm, maybe I'll just stop. I'll quit right now." This was one of those moments. The next thing that happened after I got a sip of water is I had to run up to trainer Gae and say, "Hey, um where do I throw up?" And he points to the trash can, and I I I proceed to throw up a lot. He gets a good chuckle out of it though. That's good. Because he knows that there is at least one more burnout that he has in mind. A boxing combination that would be the bane of my existence. It's not hard. It's not technical. It just has to be done. As you can probably see here, my legs are starting to give out. My knees are getting wobbly. But this is what I think is so fascinating about the human body. Between each rep, there's a moment I go, "There's no way I can do another one." But then I can, and another one goes by, and another one. In my opinion, these last couple rounds are where growth happens. I probably didn't get better today alone. It may not be fun, but you do that enough times and I think you become great. Next time you're in the thick of it, either mentally or physically, just know that you probably have a couple more in you. He took it easy on me. He really did. [Music] That was probably the most physically demanding training session I've ever had, and he was being so nice and easy on me. He like let me take a jillion breaks, and it didn't matter. I just could not recover. Every strike, he was like, "Harder." I'm trying. I would like kind of throw an easy one just to like get my bearings back. "Harder." So I did really hard bursts, and Ooh, I'm dead. That was a great warm-up, it was a great sweat. I bet I probably lost like 18 lbs. I threw up halfway through. I don't think you guys even saw that. I was like, "Where do I" and he he's like, "Over there." All the breakfast that I had came up. But I'll make weight. That's for sure. And that was a fantastic start. He really pushes you, but he does it in a way that like it doesn't let you quit cuz he's not pushing you hard enough to quit. He's pushing you just hard enough to want to die. All right, we are on our way to weigh in. Thanks to the help of trainer Gae, I think we're going to have a really easy time. Yeah, weighing in was quite literally no problem. I left the trainer Gae session, went to weigh in, and was 7 lbs lighter. That's sweet. I I'll take that, and I honestly felt fantastic. Okay, so weight is made, and we're about to chow down. And what better of a way to celebrate weighing in than eating as much as I possibly can? We went to a sushi spot nearby. We got some gyudon. This was pretty good, but it was kind of like a franchise spot. I'd give it a 3.8. Then we stumbled upon a little arcade area, and I got scammed. I got freaking scammed so hard. And then I got scammed twice, which I guess the first scam was their fault. The second scam was definitely mine. [Music] And then I was still hungry, so we went to a Chinese place, had some pork buns, some fried pork, pork fried rice. It was a lot of pork. None of it was that great. I give it a 2.1 out of five. But I needed to bulk up for the sumo tournament tomorrow, there was really only one other option. Late night 7-Eleven run, baby. First of the series, and you know we had to go ham. Every night for the rest of these four videos, I'm going to do a recap of the day and eat some strange snack that I find along the way. But yeah, it's time for our very first snack and recap. Hopefully that has music on it. All right. Tonight's snack, sour cream and cheese puff balls, salmon onigiri. So far, um looks suspicious. Fantastic. Holy crap. That's really good actually. How does it keep the triangular shape despite no longer being in the triangular packaging? Maybe I've just never made white rice well enough that it keeps a a geometric shape. Diving right in. Hard to go down. It's kind of sticky. It's like still a triangle. It's like the corner of a triangle. 7.5. 7.5. I give these straight gas, 10 out of 10. This is fantastic. Favorite part of today? Man, this is tough. The mall was really cool. I really like the market, Wat Arun, the first one we went to. First thing in the morning we went, not a lot of people there, mostly just some monks monking around. What? I can't say monking around. They were on their cell phones, to be fair. The half of them were on their cell phones. I didn't record any of it. Least favorite part of the day? Oh, the traffic. We sat in traffic for like an hour and a half today. I know it doesn't sound bad, but traffic four times. All of our day's travel. Amount of Thai that I spoke today? Quietly said the words to myself three times. Three times. Kopkun krap. Got got one of those out. I didn't get out any sawadee kraps today. Um not much more Thai was spoken today from me. That was day two. More Muay Thai training coming to you. More snacks soon in the morning.