Kind: captions Language: en [Music] This is Kudo. It's a combat sport with an emphasis in striking and grappling. One with blistering punches, fierce high kicks, and beautiful takedowns. Oh, and also headbutts. Weird, right? Not even the weirdest thing. You can also grun kick sometimes. Hard to explain. This looks like the coolest karate you've ever seen. Except there's one problem. This isn't karate. I think it's better than karate. Don't tell fouryear-old Seth that, though. On second thought, you could have tried. I don't think he would have heard you out. I think he would have just whooped you just for thinking it, even thinking about telling him. I was a dangerous guy back then. I'm reformed now. Kudo would prove to be hard to find, though. If you're most other people, unfortunately for me, uh, Kudo fell right into my lap. Typically, when I do these videos, I don't know the person already. I just literally meet them in this context for the first time. We however have already headbutted each other quite a few times. We're the strong ones. I was in Lithuania filming the Ultimate Self-Defense Championship season 3. And this guy that I showed a highlight of earlier, his name is Phyious. He's one of the other contestants. We met a few times along the way. And I also met his Kudo students a lot. Like a lot. I still get the shivers just thinking about it. After a week of filming the most insane event I've ever been a part of, I finally got a few minutes to hang out with my new friend Billy and figure out why he's so good at fighting. You're you're telling me we've been punching each other all week with those thick ones. Yeah. I thought that was what? No, you guys use these. This is just for cover knuckles, not to get like bloody mess like Yeah. So you don't bleed on somebody's Yeah. Because still the helmet has holes inside. So if you like cut it with your be your knuckles probably going not going to be good. Yeah. Right. So you use this for covering the which is the first unique thing about Kudo that I learned. These are the gloves. These are so small. Yes. Billy gifted them to me. I will hold them sacred in my heart forever. However, that's a couple napkins. That's what this is insane. I've never seen anything like this. And even we can put a bandage on on the wrist, but the but the bandage is like 1 and 12 m. So it's not even wrist protection wrist tight. Not like you know it's bending this. There are some Japanese who don't even wear the bandages. Just put the gloves on striking and then went out like that is as close to karate like traditional karate as you can get right like you're barely wearing anything. And then the helmet is a helmet but with a big plastic protector on the face allowing you to see Villy trying to kill you. I don't know. What are you aiming at? Yeah. So, usually the main aim is to hit under the shield. Yeah. So, you're looking for the pattern. Yeah. We're using almost like the the bottom of the helmet, but if we hit strike Yeah. to the head and it's going to be like a pretty good strike and your head a little bit moves back. I get a points. Oh, it's a point system. It is becoming increasingly obvious to me that I know even less about Kudo than I thought. What would be the next logical step here? You want to spar? Yeah, definitely. Let's do it. Okay, cool. All right, so here's my game plan. I don't really know. I'm going to try and punch him. I'm going to try and kick him. And then when he's least expecting it, I'm gonna try and take him down because that's that's what that's what you do. I'm pretty sure that's that's that's the round had started and immediately I felt uncomfortable. It's pretty evident why Villas is one of the best in the world at Kudo. His timing is difficult to say the least. There's not a lot of martial arts styles that bounce like this, but there's even less that do this bouncing and also put pressure forwards. The bouncing itself is difficult to read because you can't really tell when they're going to come in, but the added pressure that goes along with it makes sparring someone like this not just chaotic, but also kind of daunting. And Philly doesn't just put pressure on me by moving towards me. He's also going head to body to head. His combinations in the pocket are swift, strong, and accurate. Meaning, if I'm going to get close enough to grab a hold of him, I'm going to be punished for it. So far, sparring Kudo, it's eye opening. [Music] Yeah, after a week of getting beat up by Billy and his Kudo boys, I needed a breather. We'll get another round in a minute, probably after I figure out what the heck's going on. Dude, you're scary. What the heck? you're really hard to time because you'll be low and then all a sudden you're like in this moment. Uh I'm lost. Not like physically lost. I'm mentally lost. I know where I am cuz I have data. Thanks to Sy, the sponsor of today's video. Sy is an eim service app. They've got super affordable data plans pretty much anywhere you go. The hardest part about downloading this eim was literally just figuring out how to spell Lithuania. The rest of it was cake. I flew in an airplane for 24 hours and then when I landed I didn't have to think about service for a second. Sweet. As soon as I touched down immediately I had service. I had data in the middle of nowhere. I had data in a different middle of nowhere in a very popular area at night. Heck, I even had data in the rain. That's not unusual. Even when I was running low on data, they told me. And then I just bought more and it was cheap and it took me less than 30 seconds. Hot dog. It's the last day of the trip and I used s the whole time. I was here for 9 days. My current cell carrier cost $10 a day. That would have been $90. I just ate $65. Not once did I have anything even closely relating to a a sliver of a problem. Oh, that kid just ate it. Look, here's the deal. If you go through me, I get you 15% off. No more, no less. 15%. Download the SY app. Use code Sensei Seth. That's me. That's how they'll know. Or just scan this code right here. I made it myself. And you can get started today. Seriously, Sy was the best. It wasn't even until the end of the trip that I was like, "Oh, yeah." Typically have to stress about like service and stuff. I didn't do that once. Again, that is code sensei Seth for 15% off at this or this link down here. Y'all a real one. We usually don't fight like, you know, very intense. We're still waiting the the right moment. How is the like the pace of strikes? How many strikes you're throwing? How is that compared to what we just did? Um, we usually do less less less. Yeah. because but you want a more impactful one. Yeah, we're usually using this in trainings to get a better better conditioning, you know, to get fast pace, right? Very fast, very good movements and give yourself like less oxygen in the But because it's pointbased, you want to be more purposeful when you strike. I just want to Yeah. I just want to want to have like I want a really good shot to you and don't like waste my energy just swinging, you know, like nuts. Gotcha. So that's why But for me, you could hit me with whatever you wanted. So you just threw a bunch. Yeah. So the points are kind of crazy, too, because they're not technique-based. It's not like in Take one or in Sonda where you'll have points based off what kind of strike you land, what kind of takedown you land. It's based on how effective that technique is, how much the opponent feels the blow. The rating is from 1 to eight point-wise. Similar to judo, they have Koka, Yuko, Wazari, and Ebon. If you get the eight points, you win the match. But you can also win by submission, choke out, knockout, or just whoever has the most points at the end of the match. It's fascinating. It seems kind of complex competition-wise, but the style itself seems simple in that you just kind of do everything. So, we usually use all the hand strikes, you know, elbows, straights, hooks, uppercuts, then we use headbutts. The kicking are the pretty same as as karate. So we use front kicks, side kicks us. Then we use in the clinching system knees, throws. Yeah. Move. Interesting. Yeah. Sprawl. Even do that. You do sprawl too. So is it is it double leg? Yes. We use double leg, single leg, take downs, everything. Interesting. So it is pretty dang close to MMA except with some rule differences. Yeah. And it's like we have a ghee, you know. you probably could be with the ghee. And it's not even just a ghee. Look at the color of this ghee. I would eliminate other martial arts styles from existence just to wear this color. You know what it reminds me of? 1994. Three ninjas kick back. The one where they all go to the karate tournament and then that kid gets hurt and then Colt steals his ghee. It's that color ghee. He gets beat up by a girl immediately afterwards. Girl. A girl. A girl. But you know that's fine. That's not where where am I going with this? None of this is relevant. You're such a spaz. So correct me if I'm wrong. Yeah. Karate judo kudo. Well, sometimes we say like that to uh get people understand what this kudo all about. But uh it's not like a real thing that it's not like that. Yeah. It's not like that. So where does the name come from then? the Kudo name before like Kudo it it wasn't called Kudo at at like 30 years ago it used to be called Iduku karate so it was karate before but under circumstances that we are having a grappling on in our fights we cannot be called like karate you know the history basically boils down to this in 1981 a gentleman named Azuma was doing a combination of kyokushin and judo was like hey this is pretty sick let's call this a karate style it used to be called Iduku karate yes that one but then the more he added to the style, the less he thought of it as karate. Things like jiu-jitsu and Muay Thai and boxing. So, he made it a buudo, uh, similar to judo or kendo or karateo. This one's name was Kudo, the way of the open mind, roughly translated, which makes a lot of sense because there are so many different things you can do within this style. The punches, the kicks, the takedowns, the naywaza, headbutting, elbowing, kneeing, strikes from the ground, which we'll figure out about later. It's a very fitting name. Uh GR shots is uh there is a one exception for ground shots. We should be like in Kudo. We don't have a weight categories. We have weight and uh height. So we plus your your weight with your tall and we got a physical index. Okay. So if our physical index is difference is 20, I can keep you in the groin. So for that moment Yeah. Plus your weight and plus your torque. How much do you get? Yeah, this dude's definitely about to kick me in the nuts. All right, now I feel like I have a slight understanding of Kudo. Let's give this thing a bit more juice. For this round, I wanted to adopt a stance and a distance that was a bit further away, a bit more forward leaning, and put a bit more pressure on him. Obviously, that didn't work. Okay, new game plan. Maybe I'll just try and stay away from him. The bad man can't hurt me if I'm not near him, right? No. Eventually, he'll walk you down and put you in a corner like you're a bad toddler. Here's the difficult part about Kudo's pressure, though. It doesn't just stop at the punching range. Once they do come in, and they will, there's hellfire that comes behind it. People will come in with punches, then grab onto you, then elbow you, then headbutt you, then go for a throw, and probably once they get that throw, they'll keep an arm and they'll take it home with them. This is the difficulty of sparring a Kudo master. Right. Yeah. Was that legal? Yes. No way. On the on the ground, I can strike. Yeah. To the head, but you're only allowed to the side. Oh yeah, I'm only allowed to strike your side. Yeah, if you are on the top, you are allowed only strike to this side because of dangerous of the grounded part with the helmet on. That's crazy. Yeah. And from the top I can usually do everything. Kick, kick. Yeah. Punch. Holding and punching. But if I'm on my knees too. Yeah. Still kicks to the head. Yeah. So if I'm if we're like Yeah. If I'm here Yeah. I still can kick you like that. Wa. Yeah. And there is a one guy. Yeah. He won Japanese championship. Yeah. Yeah. He crucif crucifix. Okay. The guy I took him like this. Yeah. And he like it's a coari and he win the fight. Wo. And he win the fight. So he just racked up the point. Yes. After like he he cannot defend himself. Yeah. He ragged the point and won the fight with this with this stuff. That's incredible. So for the grapplers, how fun is that? For the grapplers fight, it's perfect way to win. Yeah. So, wow. Yeah. There is some such. You just blew my mind. Yeah. I've never heard anything like this before. After our last round of Kudos sparring, Billy wanted to mess around, do a little bit of point karate. He's also got a YouTube channel that will be linked down below. And if you want to watch this full uncut footage that I have from our day, you can become a yellowbell channel member down below and get access to all of the good stuff that you miss in these cuts. Kudo for me has immediately shot way up my list of martial arts that I would recommend to people who want to be able to fight. I personally really like the incorporation of the ghee, the small gloves, the headgear. The rule set's kind of a lot, but I'm sure you'd get used to it because of just how much it does allow. I don't know if I got lucky meeting Billy or if all Kudos like this, but for me, Kudo, top tier martial art. Top tier day. What a blast. [Applause] That's all she wrote. I thought I thought you First off, if you're in Lithuania or any European country, come train at this gym. He is I know. Yeah, world class. And I've fought a lot of his best guys. Scary, very technical, and mean. If if you train here, you're going to be really good. You're going to be really good. And make sure you guys watch USDC when it comes out. Thank you to Dom for letting us use this gym. That's awesome. Yeah. Links will be down below for anything you might want to find that was in this video. Thank you, sir. Also, I was speaking with YouTube and they said you might like this video. If you've gotten this far and you like it, you might like this one, too. Also, I'm on the road to a million subscribers. It's a long road. I'm not even halfway there. If you could subscribe, that'd be sick.