Kind: captions Language: en Keep pressure on you guys are still looking. [Music] Very nice. You got it. Let's go. You shoot again. Angle set. Yeah. Nice. Beautiful. Keep your Keep your hips low. One more, sir. [Music] Don't stay there, sir. Good. Good. Nice. Great work, sir. Yeah. No, I'm in for it. This is going to be a long day. I really have no idea what to expect. I have never done a wrestling compet like like a straight up wrestling competition. And also, this isn't any regular beach wrestling competition. It's nationals like to qualify for worlds. You should probably plan um for tomorrow. And I think that would start with knowing the rules. Do you guys know the rules? Threeminute matches. Uh what else? Um, okay. So, we don't know the rules, but at least we can figure out the dimensions and what the sand feels like to wrestle in. I also have with me some of my boys, Edo, fellow sumo national champion. We also have Brent. He and Josh are both accomplished jiu-jitsu competitors. Honestly, I think all three of them stand a better chance in this than I do. Okay, I need a rest. What are we thinking? Easy, hard, difficult? Feels good. It is cardio-wise still a lot harder than I thought it would be. Yeah, me too. For sure. I think it's going to be a gas tank thing. We're going to We're going to see how much grit there is. Yeah. Yeah. You silly silly man. Why would you Why would you say this? You're about as gritty as your favorite toilet paper. You like your matches like you like your ads. 5 seconds and skippable. You're in trouble. You're in big trouble. for all volunteers. I don't know about you guys, I'm just kind of hoping that my body does what it's supposed to do. Like I don't feel like I've got a game plan or like I'm even really expecting anything. I'm just hoping that when I get in there like a competitive spirit and an athletic body will guide me to victory. And like you saw that kind of worked for the first match. Somewhere along the way I also got my bearings on the rules. Three minute matches, three points to win. One point for them touching out of the circle, one point for a partial takedown where anything other than the hands and feet touch the ground. And then a three-point takedown is anything where they go from their feet to their back, both shoulders touching the ground. Be sure to mark your calendar for June 21st. So now I got Brandon Power who's looking very strong to be honest. He looks like a big boy. taking place in Greensboro, North Carolina. Number seven, third place [Music] right up here. [Music] Justin good [Music] sir please Jacobs on the way [Music] power scoring the last point. [Music] Yeah. [Music] Good. Nice. Uh [Music] Watch it. Yeah. Yeah. Good. Seth, break those grips. [Music] Huh? [Applause] In only my second match, I managed to make what's definitely a rookie mistake. See, while I was being body locked to death by this monster of a man, I thought, "Oh, I definitely kept my shoulder up, which means not a three-point throw." As you can see here, my shoulder's up. And then I rolled over and shook the sand out of my ear. One of the indicators that these judges use if they don't have the best angle of how the throw landed is is their sand on your back. Well, dummy, why'd you roll over? At the moment, I was pretty confused on how the score went. But after I was squeezed to the point that I felt like a fresh lemon, he he got me. That's it. Oh, speaking of lemons, this video is brought to you by Tinnamel. No, sorry, upside down. Element, the sponsor of today's video. Element is a sugar-free, delicious electrolyte drink mix. This is the new flavor lemonade. I was super pumped about it. I actually got in their promo box like a week before this tournament. Check me out, baby. I got that element. I'm special. I like how the box is addressed to Sensei Seth. Seth Adams. You could just do that for addresses. You can write whatever you want. Doesn't really matter. Whoa. What the heck? Dang. I'm 100% taking this with me to beach wrestling. I'm definitely going to need it. From what I understand, those matches are not short. And I'm prone to sweat. What happens when you sweat? You lose salt. You need to replenish that salt. That's what Element does. 1,000 millig sodium, 200 millig potassium, and 60 millig magnesium. I actually drink Element every time I go to the beach just because I am usually like skim boarding. I'm not good at it, but it makes me sweat a lot. And the beach definitely already dehydrates you. So, this is going to come in super clutch. If I win more than three match here, I'm just going to say it now. If I win more than three matches, it's because of Element. If I lose those matches, it's probably my fault. If you go to drinkle lmnt.com/sense set today, you can get a free sample pack with any order that you make. Even if it's like your 25th order, which it should be by now. Element sponsored a lot slot this year. If you buy something you don't like it, it's 100% risk-free money back guarantee. But again, that is drinklent.com/senseth. Thank you to Element so much for sponsoring this video. Now, it could just be me, but it seems like the people here are kind of like good wrestlers. It turns out that not everybody came here with zero experience, I guess. Yeah. Just a few people, just like give or take. Yeah, that needs to end. I found the guy that I thought knew the most about beach wrestling here. His name's Rusty. Sick bucket hat. Rusty. Decided to ask him a few questions. So this was born in after the Olympic Games in Athens in 2004. What if we wrestled outside? Ancient wrestling that we all brag about did happen in the sand, right? And the the sport leaders at the time were interested in growing wrestling in developing nations. If you start telling people, "Yeah, to do this you have to have a $10,000 mat and all your kids have to have $120 shoes, right? Or you can get a pair of shorts on and go wrestle in the sand. What attributes do you think lead to success in beach wrestling? You would have to say resiliency and grit. We're we're going to see how much grit there is, you know, but you know, fundamental athleticism. Okay. And quick feet and good hips. The resiliency that definitely checks out because this is immediately one of the more difficult sports to actually breathe through. Not only is it the wind and the sand, but it's just hard to move, you know, the the other attribute, the ease with which a guy that you just fought two hours ago wants to sit and have a beer and talk about your family, right? You know, but but here we are in such a fractious world. Gable's the one that said, "Not everybody can wrestle, but aren't you glad a few people do?" Well said, Rusty. Once again, sick bucket hat. It's time to catch up with some of our teammates in this tournament. I'm not going to say exactly how they did because they'll probably come out with a video of it later on some of their YouTube channels. I'll link those down below and you can watch that happen on their channel. In the meantime though, do you guys remember that first match I had where I thought I was going to die. His name is Carter. He's a collegiate wrestler. And out of the 18 people that were in this bracket, guess what? We're going against each other again. Yeah. Yeah. How much do you weigh? Also, I'm like 220 right now, maybe. Tops. Tops. 220. He weighs 30 lbs less than I do and gave me one of the hardest matches I've ever had. Let's run it back, I guess. [Music] [Applause] [Music] You got it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Good set. You think I could have this? [Applause] There it is. Big. You got to have good. [Music] You good, sir? Again. Seth Uchi was there. [Music] Come on, Seth. You got this. Let's go. Nothing big, [Music] Seth. We need some points. Work center. Seth, let's work. You're running out of time. Another 45. 45. Less than a minute. Stay in the bucket. Nothing big. Clear that hand, Seth. Good. Good. Keep it moving. Come on, Seth. Work. Seth. We got to go now. Go. Yes. Go, Seth. Keep going, Seth. Good. Hey, short time here. Seth, we need one more. You got to go. Go, Seth. Go. Yes. Yes. Keep going. Keep going, Seth. That's it. Go. Yes. Yes. Nice, Seth. One more. You're almost Time's almost over. Go, go, go. Short time. You got to go. Yes. Good. Do it again. Yes. [Music] Way to go, Seth. Yeah. You remember how I said the first match we had was super hard? This one I wanted to die. If you're wondering how I won, it's one of the few rules that I knew. Whoever scores the last point in the event of a draw wins that match. Criteria, baby. And thank goodness I did cuz I didn't have any more for another point. Whatever energy I did have left, I was going to have to muster it up because if I can win one more match, I'll get the bronze medal and I think qualify to be in the world team, represent USA in Egypt in beach wrestling. How cool would that be? Well, I just need one more match. [Music] Good. [Music] Nice. [Music] Good. Yeah. Nice. One more. We got go one. Go one. Look at his back. both shoulders. He's saying it should just be one, not three. Okay, so here's where things get interesting. The call was for three points. Obviously, in my head, I pushed him out. He went for a throw, a good throw. I held on, made sure he touched out first. I won. To me, that was clear. But there's only one judge who gets to make [Music] decisions. Now, the ref is talking to someone else in the corner here, but they don't really have a say. Only this one ref gets to decide if it's three points or one. If I win or lose. I lost. I'm not a great loser either. I'll be honest. Hey, let's switch this around for a second. Hey, we made a couple friends, right? Hey, Brandon even won the whole thing. Does that make me feel better? It doesn't. Not right now. Going out. His head is here. Yeah, I'm not even close. I mean, that's just, you know, it is that's kind of I'm I'm heated, but I'm heated for nothing, I guess. Unless that was for qualifier, then I'm heated. That was world qualifier. Was that bronze qualifier? Yeah. Top three get qualified for worlds. That's what I've been told. Yeah. Um, I don't know. Can I go fight though? No, he's super nice. I know. I mean, like I I could feel his head touch behind me. I could myself race over top of it. I don't You probably have the best angle of it. I'm back. Yeah. I mean, the ending is not how I would have liked it to happen, but that's what refs are for, is to make decisions. He made a decision. I let it be close enough that it could be not in my favor. I do think that there could be some use in having outer refs, too, instead of a single guy to do it, especially for a match that was like for a medal or a qualifier. Everybody there was super nice, and I had a blast up until that moment. It it was it was a very fun time and I really enjoy the sport. I will probably do it again. Although I'm not It's hard. It's really hard. But I I mean I suppose uh beach wrestling if you would like to do like a make good of sorts. Um I mean you guys could invite me out and I could document the World Games in Egypt. I mean I don't have to compete. Anybody there could have beaten me on any given match. I guess I would do that. Please do me a favor. I I put my body on the line for this channel on a regular basis. I have been going through uh a pretty gnarly groin injury since February because I can't really afford to not do this kind of stuff. I would do it either way, but I would take way more time off if I wasn't making YouTube videos. If you could just do me a favor and subscribe. That's all I ask. Subscribe. Maybe share this video with somebody you think you like it. Just do me a favor, subscribe. I even wait until the end of the video to ask. Okay. All right, thanks for watching. Oh, I can't even roll away.