Kind: captions Language: en So, I heard there was a martial arts museum in here. And it's not every day you get to find a martial arts museum. With martial arts history, usually it's like, "Oh, yeah. I heard from this guy, or I heard from this guy." So, it'll be exciting to see some tangible stuff organized in a wall fashion. Let's do it. Uh, I started winch in 1981. uh I'm not sure what I want to do in college. So I decided to just go back to my hometown which is Hong Kong and got introduced with multiple systems and Wing Chun is one of them. Uh we dive in to the research of Wing Chun to really look at what is the true origin of Wing Chun. I don't know about you, but for me, I'd always thought of the history of Wing Chun being like kind of a mystery. Maybe it was an undersized woman or maybe it was a bird or maybe it was Bruce Lee or Iman. I don't know for sure. But Grandmaster Benny Mang has been traveling the globe conducting research since 1993 on the history and the origin of Wing Chun. So if we were ever going to get an answer, it'd be here. It's also kind of crazy how similar young Benny Mang and young my dad looked. Not important. So when you come into this building, this side on the right side is the tiger. Tiger for the martial art is the experience, the action part. So this part is the training hall and that side the left side is the dragon. The dragon expresses the knowledge, the concept, the understanding, right? So in kung fu, you have to have the understanding and then the experience, which is exactly why we're going to do both today. Take a Wing Chun class and also visit one of the world's only Wing Chun museums. Not a government funded last dynasty of China, theQing dynasty. Right. This is previously was the Ming dynasty. Ming dynasty was ruled by Han Chinese. Okay. Okay. TheQing were the Mongol nomads from the north. They're part of they're more related to Mongolians. Sure. Okay. So during this Ming dynasty towards the end natural disaster, corruptions there were a lot of problems. Okay. So you know the great wall of China a traitor opened up the gate. Ah okay. So within a short time they went straight to the palace and the emperor killed himself. Right. So this is the main dynasty. When theQing dynasty took over, they didn't really treat the Chinese with respect. Of course, China is huge country. The the the nomads from the north. Many of the remnants or people want to continue to fight, they move south. One of the famous rebel base is the southern shaing temple. Three group of people got together. The the military experts of Ming dynasty. Okay. martial community that want to fight for their country. Sure. Then in the temple, of course, you got the warriors monk, right? Okay. So, three group and every one of those group are high experts. Their idea is to how do we improve something that is already good, understanding the natural physics of fighting, right? Everything is based on what they call time, space, energy. All right? If I do a jump back, spinning wheel kick, if it connect, we knock anybody out. Sure. But it takes a lot of space, more speed which require more energy. So if you can have devastating results with less time, less space, less energy, you made it improvements. Right? In the old days, time, space, energy is referred as heaven, human, earth. Ah, okay. But that's enough dragoning on. Not that I think he's dragging on. I think I'm very interested. Just a pun. Just a quick pun. It's time for some tigering, which I can only imagine is named that cuz I'm trying to get my paws on somebody. Have you seen people do the Right. Why don't we start that real quick to warm up your hand but give you an understanding of bridging. It's really interesting that we did this as a warm-up as I've only done it for conditioning purposes. Maybe he was testing my human to heaven connection cuz I feel like two more of these hard shots I'm getting sent up there. But I didn't realize that we weren't just doing conditioning or warming up. We were about to see the first example of how to optimize space. The first move, which position is open, right? So, the next move, which positions, me, right? Right. So, you have to be mindful of the positions. My gun is pointing at you, your gun is pointing away. So, this drill technically puts you in a neutral position. You're doing the same thing they are. But by winning the engagement, I want to be greedy with that position to try. You control the space and have a better chance for the next move. Try to engage you. I want to either turn you or move you. Okay. So, if I go like this, it didn't affect the center. You're not going to hit me. But if I turn and move you, I find myself tying you. Right. Okay. Yes, sir. Having a defensive purpose of not only keeping a hand from striking you, but also offbalancing your opponent checks two separate boxes of the three. It gives you the advantage in the space and also in time because now they have to react with their entire body, not just their arm. I'm going to see if I can make some of this stuff work later on in sparring against their sa class. So wish me luck. The first one we mentioned called sodium top little ideas from the beginning and the ideas was maximum efficiency. Interesting. The the story the legend is that the temple was discovered. Okay. And then they send the troop attacked it. It was destroyed and burned down. Five elders escaped. Once the temple was destroyed, the secret society formed five groups. They went their separate ways. Okay. And this secret society originally is called a triad. Okay. So if you Google triad today is Chinese mafia, right? Chinese. But actually interesting thing is actually is from the Shaolin temple. Interesting. Calvin human earth. Okay. Yeah. So so time space energy. So they formed this secret society went and one of the leaders from the Fuian province they went to Canton. Okay. And he was previously uh a opera guy. Oh interesting. So he went to Ken Town and created an opera company as a cover up. Oh okay. Okay. So the opera guy they go about entertaining they travel a lot but for the secret society member the tribe members uh they actually were the rebel rebels. Interesting but here is a secret code. Okay. It's a Chinese word for to be discreet and to be secretive. Oh okay. Wing keep praising keep talking. Okay. Tun is spring rebirth. M so the secret code was to be discreet keep secret but keep talking or singing okay about the spring which is return of the Ming dynasty now how do we get to today where everyone talk about girl invented this right there's many reasons of it but one of them has to do with our famous grandmaster Yiman so Yman was famous as a teacher but he didn't really like research the history so they interview him they asked the grandmaster can you tell us about history right he just wrote down what he heard okay now what you heard it's a famous story that actually is borrowed from the white crane okay you know white crane's history was a nun that taught a girl right and white crane come from a village called white ch so a lot of people heard that they assume oh okay so so you one kind of officially put that down as a history interesting Now today everyone repeat that right? Yeah. Historically you cannot find historical record of a nun or the lady or the husband. Oh okay. But second if you follow this timeline in Chin was a person that existed in the 1800s. Oh well this time frame was 1600. So someone has to be 200 years old. Yeah that's what I was thinking. Right. Nah. Only 200 year old I know is your mom. Sorry I just I couldn't come up with a good transition here. This is from in to out. That's called out to in. There's twisting. Then in there's the elbow elbow control. Then then shoulder head control. So basically that means as we're making contact, as we're making contact, I want to maintain the contact for him. Right. Okay. Uh we have more chance of you you see this is one hand. Boom. It's react. But we do you see all this one chin guys right? Yeah. The the condition for that is very very short you know what I mean? So it might go here here. Oh maybe in that split second and that reaction has to come out. It's already trapped. So that that's the purpose of it makes a lot of sense that if you're fighting in a zone where your brain might not quite be able to see and react to things like that close quarters, the area that's so dangerous, you'd want to give yourself another sense and be connected to them and stay connected to them in order to mitigate that risk as much as possible. I get the concept. little more. Okay. Yeah, this is definitely an area of practice that Wing Chun focuses on more than any other martial art. Maybe the Muay Thai clinch spends a lot of time here, but that's kind of it. And this clearly looks different than that. So, it was time to figure out exactly why Wing Chun spends so much time doing this kind of maneuvers. So, so he created opera stage. Centuries later, the opera stage created what they call the red boat. It's three boats that travel around and continue to entertain but still part of the triad. Okay. Okay. And the three boats are called heaven human earth. Oh, right. Uh the rebels continue, right? They discover oh the opera were involved. They also destroyed the red boats. Okay. So after the destruction of repo some remnants survivors they came out to the public. Okay. Some they start teaching. So now you have two version. You have the secret society version right with what we call time space energy concept what we call efficiency but where where the public version was not giving all the concepts. Okay. It's still the same system, the three forms, the wooden dummy and all of that. Right. Right. So then because the concept was lost, it went to the person no expression of the art form. Okay. So essentially the more people that practice wing chun the style became broader on a personto person case to case basis. But what did it used to look like? Today we call our system sha winchan. Okay. You know I have multiple teachers in the art of winchan in different languages. Right. And all winchan come from sha temple. All right. Right. Rather than focus on the person, we kind of focus on the system. Okay. And we follow the shining path. So in the beginning we train we call the shining first hall the the fitness components the personal life skills components. Then we learn the basic mechanics. Then we go into kickstart mission the fighting part. Once they have a foundation then we introduce the human. distance. The picture is the heaven. Ah, I see. In this particular distance, right, we call this heaven range. Okay, long range basically, right? Front hand, back hand, my front foot, but it's still too far for grappling. So, this is heaven range. Now, if we go to grappling, this is called earth. Earth. Okay. Right. Then the strike become limited, right? very dangerous with take down and submission for striker limited. If you f look at this position here, this is what we call the human range. Okay, heaven, human earth. This is where we when chin specialized, right? Basically where the two hands can both touching at this distance. So we maintain the whole system, the all ranges of combat. Where today's primary focus on Yeah. Right. Do you think they do that because it's the most unique to other martial arts? It's the one that's the most different. Correct. Okay. Interesting. Hearing this, it doesn't surprise me that people can see kung fu as like this magical thing. This magical thing you can like feel or or maybe like a magical thing you could take a spoon with and taste like a magical spoon. A magic. Why does that sound familiar? This video is brought to you by Magic Spoon. Let's see what my percentage can be while I do this ad read over one. Magic spoon is sick. It's a wonderful cereal alternative. 0 g of added sugar, a gram of dietary fiber, 12 g of protein, though. 12 g for 140 calories. It's pretty dang good. Lots of protein bars are like not much better than that. I like it as a midnight snack, an alternative to a dessert because it doesn't have that added sugar that gives me nightmares. No, they also have the magic treats which are delicious. It's It's just like this, but it's more of an onthe-go snack type of form. As someone who eats 260 g of protein a day, sometimes pretty daunting. So, having things that taste really good, but are still high in protein, it makes life a lot easier for me. The thing that makes eating healthier the most possible is just when my food tastes good, too. So, it's just such a game changer. If you want $5 off your next order, go to magixpoon.com/sensei. If you go to like any grocery store, Amazon, wherever else, they also have Magic Spoon. I wonder if I can do higher. Let's try higher. [Music] Again, that is magic spoon.com/sensei if you want $5 off your next order of magic spoon. So, after the repo, the people start teaching. One of the guy in the public learned from the opera, survivors of the opera, and his name is Lean. Uh, he's a doctor by trade, but got good kung fu. So what happened to him is that we call this the public awareness stage. Okay. He started to challenge the martial art community and never lost the fight. Wow. So if you follow the timeline here, oh the public, the martial art community heard about Winchan. Okay. Here you got to be an opera member. There you got to be a secret society member. Right. So once he become active challenging winning the match in Guangzo those famous city in the south they start recognizing oh there's this new art called winch. So I'm assuming there's some sort of uh change in in culture between these are I guess even these areas where maybe there was a little more leniency from the government. Back in the days uh in theqing dynasty they still allow martial art practice. Okay. Okay. But they but because it was a rebel organization that's why it was Oh yeah. If if he calls a rebel they kill him for sure. Okay. But he's already he's already what we call public outsider. Okay. He doesn't even know about the triads. Oh interesting. Okay. Okay. There is only triads when you get to this era. Let's say we in the rep opera. Okay. You're a tri member. I'm a regular opera guy like Jackie Chan. I just want to say I'm not a tri member. But you know in the open we learn the same art but behind the scene you're giving a lot more. Interesting. Now luckily for me Grandmaster Mang was nice enough to show me. But that that's coming from a typical power from the the body and so forth. Right. So what if I don't have the structure? Okay. What if it's just like this? Right. Okay. Okay. Right. Right. I I want you to try to stop my punch. Okay. All right. You try to stop. Okay. Sure. Okay. No. Right. So, so if I'm on the ground, I can still generate power with the tendons but without the rest of the body. Right. Sitting, laying down or standing like this. Sure. Go. Yeah. So, so it's ability to have this tendon transfer of power part of fing. Okay. To get because we lose the distance, right? So, you got to have an engine to generate that power. Very interesting. That's super cool. But it's time to unleash the tiger. I get to spar against their sand class, which is preparing for their nationals. Starting with some drilling coached by Grandmaster Mang's son, Vincent. Have to do that drill. The idea is to catch the distance. I want to play with it. Kind of bait him into who you may have seen on this channel before. Why would you show that clip? I'm editing this. I showed the clip here. What am I doing afterwards? Fire. Stay. Maintain space. Close the gap. Clear [Music] distance. Again, I need to either angle careful with this side angle afterwards. Always. There's also two other sons in the mix, Derekson and Spencer. And my Wing Chun training is about to unleash on them. I recognize this might not look the most like Wing Chun. Uh I have a extensive background in striking before this, so it's hard to just stop on a dime doing everything else that is instinctual and do the Wing Chun, but I promise I get better as it goes on. Some of my favorite strikes within the Wingchun system are actually two-part parries. The vertical strike is super unique and I think works pretty well as a replacement for a jab at times. things that slip through the guard really well because they're not the same wide structure that usually gets blocked by a good guard. Also, attacking the hands and opening up space for those strikes to land later. Something that not a lot of people see and works super well. I believe this is called sticky hands to some degree. And it's essentially putting your hands on theirs and then making sure you stay connected. One, play the defensive and make sure their hands aren't coming at you, but two, open up offensive tactics. Luckily for me here, I have a size advantage and a I'm a guest in their home advantage with them being very nice to me. But it was nice because they let me play a little bit more and try to figure out some of the Wing Chun stuff I was going to make work. Having your hands already further out in front means that you don't have to travel as long of a distance to make these strikes happen, which means combinations and flurries happen faster. A really cool advantage to keeping a strict high guard. But luckily again for me, they were being nice to me. I told them afterwards they should have lit me up next time. But anyway, Winchan's effectiveness is still very good. Yeah. So, Lean, if you talk to Winchin guy, most people know about him. Okay. Why? Because he's Yman's grand teacher. Ah, okay. So, Yan learned from Tamasun. Now, we call this commercialization era. Tamasun was a street person dealing with money. It's kind of like a walking ATM machine. He exchanges money. He retired him from his business. had a chance to learn from Leon but he wanted to teach. Okay. Because of his business entrepreneurship he commercialized it. He went to the city of facade look for the best location and then the location happened to be imman's family's own business. Right? So he rented a place and he charged very expensive. He only have 15 students. Okay. Okay. So here's this young man checking him out. Oh, here's this kung fu guy teaching in our property. So you must hey I want to learn. So sou thought oh he's just some wealthy brat have nothing better to do you know I have no time for you. Okay. So then he keep coming back and then finally he tried to get rid of him. Then he say okay 300 piece of silver basically it's like you want to join my school cost of a house. It's like $200,000 equivalent. Yeah. So all his student are wealthy individuals. Yeah. So if you have 15 millionaire as your student, you don't need a lot. No. So so so a year later, Yman came back, drop a bag of silver. He's surprised. Oh my gosh, where'd you get this money? He went to his family and then family said, "Well, yes, we all help. We know that he's serious. You know, he never have to work." And then he even tried to work to gain this money. So finally, Tanifu have to accept him. Okay. He became uh Tomasan's last student. Wow. We have 16. He's already retired after that. So, so that's what happened, right? This is a side story. Yeman was one of the most wealthy family in the city. Interesting. Yeah. First business, real estate. Second business they don't talk whole lot. Funeral house also make good money funerals. Third, they don't talk about. Okay. Op house. Oh, because inqing dynasty opens for legal. Okay. Yeah. Gotcha. So those three business kind of three money makers. Yeah. Gotcha. But he was already uh senior in age. He passed away before Yman had a chance to finish the art. Now remember there's a lot of opera guy that went and taught. So there's already family tree that branch out already. Okay. So Yman after his suf passed away he learned from uh Tanimi which is his son and also his also interacted with other waning communities. Okay. Right. So Jim had multiple backgrounds. Okay. That's kind of how Yiman started. But remember when he started he was still a teenager. So then over the years he perfected his skill and then 1949 civil war communist won. So 1950 he escaped Hong Kong. You know first generation you have like people like William Chung which is the guy that started Bruce Lee in Winch. Then Bruce Lee was the second generation and then the third generation like my teacher. So each generation maybe like four or five years apart. Okay. So your mom become famous because of his teacher teaching is good produce a lot of good fighters. Okay. Okay. And then of course rest of story Bruce Lee. Yeah. Right. Right. So this is kind of like the short version of That's incredible. That's that's pretty awesome. What is not awesome though is that I did not get off scot-free. Scotch free. I don't know which one it is. We still had conditioning 50 reps each station. Uh let's do some conditioning. Okay. The fist is on the shoulder line. The elbow is between center and shoulder. Right. And it's tilted slightly. So you punching the bottom three. You want to come over. There you go. I was going on him. [Music] [Applause] Give or take. Give or take a couple time. Okay. Sorry. I'm not fighting any wooden people anytime soon. I have this theory that the more you punch the wooden person, the more the wood splinters into you and you become the wooden person. All right, let's do this. This day was such a blast. I had so much fun. Uh there's so much stuff that I couldn't add in here. I mean, shoot here real quick. Vincent talking about why they changed it from Wing Chun to Wing Chun but spelled differently. So, the funny thing about that, I don't know too much about it, but um the reason why um they changed it from WC to um VT is because in um Hong Kong, I believe WCT wash closet. So, they referred it to as a toilet. So, then they changed it to VT. It's like World Techno Federation. WTF? Yeah, that makes sense. I think you should visit the museum personally. Uh it'll be linked down below. And also if you become a channel member down below, a yellow belt status, you can see all the footage that I took today, the uncut version. All the good stuff that I had to leave out. Also, I have one last favor to ask. Um I have kind of stalled on the subscribers thing. We're at like 430,000. We've been pretty close to this for like almost a year. I'm glad you guys watched in the first place, but if you're not subscribed for whatever reason, I do want to get to a million someday. And that we're not even halfway there. So, do me a favor. Please subscribe. Thank you guys for watching. Subscribe or I'll vertical punch you.