Kind: captions Language: en This video we're going to be taking you through a strength and power workout for boxing. This is done with amateur boxer Alfie Woods. Alfie has been on our semi- remote program for the last 3 years and he's seen some fantastic results in his lower body power, explosiveness, his core strength and then transferring that towards punch power. A really good athlete and you can see this into his fights as well where he's getting knockout stoppages in the amateurs. Alfie travels up from London and from Bournemouth. So it takes him around about three or four hours to get up into the boxing science performance center. So it's fantastic uh commitment which a lot of our athletes are actually doing at the moment. They're on like a once a month or once every other month consultation basis and they do the online programs in their own training environments. So in this session here it's a check-in session where we are doing some coaching. We're setting him up for his next phase of his program. We're also taking some numbers to track that progress and we're seeing like 10, 15, even 20% improvements in his lower body power and his punch power as well. So, let's take a look at this workout with amateur boxer Alfie Woods. You got any questions, leave them in the comment box below. Drop jumps from box to box. Quick tap on the floor there. You're going to be 10 times quicker than that. It's all about the speed off the floor, not about the height of the jump. You're very advanced in terms of your your pogos. You're probably the best on the program. I want to see how high we can actually get this box to deal with them eccentric demands. Very quick contact on the floor to fire up from. Okay. Quick tap and go. Good. So that's 173. So I've had athletes that do the full box and still get under 160. So you should be you should be smashing this. Yeah. 157. We're nearly there. 152. We've got it. Going to grab the band into hip. Drop into an ice skater. Wanting to try and make that flow as quickly as we can. Drop it and then go. Good. Beautiful stuff. Well done. Yeah. Good work. Well done. With the med ball, making sure that it's towards back chin first. Keep it into your chin. Little squat. Step back and fab it through. Good. Feet a little bit close together at the start. Yeah. Yeah. That's it. So, I don't want you to go from a wide stance to even wider. It's close. Bang. Boom. Nice work. 160. 163. 156. That's better. We're looking to see how much power you can generate from the back foot going through that kinetic chain. So, at the minute, you're getting a lot of power, but I'm not really hearing that reaction. You can see with the ball where it's landing now that you're getting more power from it. Good. 149. What we're recording with Alpha here is his contact time, which is just in this column here. What we're aiming for is this number of 156. As you can see, there's a bit of variation, but with feedback is actually getting quicker. So, we hit 188 and then 145. And we're wanting him to be hitting under 155. So he's hit that three times over the five reps. This increased height is going to be increased load for him to deal with. He's is really excelled with that. So this is a more of a intensive pometric for more advanced athletes. Keep that squeezed in there. &gt;&gt; So when you drop in, this all stays neutral. Don't let that body turn around at all. That's better. Good. Obliques doing the work to stabilize because what you don't want to do is when you're moving laterally to be leaning over. You want to be there. You want to be stable in position. You want to restrict that movement as much as you can. You're there. Dip. Boom. And through. Think about the like the best counter punches when they're throwing. It's like literally a matter of inches. Think about that shot of Crawford versus Canelo. That one that went viral. It literally made Canelo miss by inches and then countered. 59.4 It's 56.8 53.2 59.9 568 your you PB last time just before the championships in in March. Now we've got another two months to be able to catch up with that. Just keep them arms as still as you can. 48.8. 47.6. One more. Tight grip. 34. 323. One more. Yeah. Good. 32.8. Good. So, really explosive at lighter loads whereas we're getting increased loads. You're still meeting the standard, but you're becoming a lot closer. So, we need to get you more balance. For you, it's particularly important because you've got this trend here that's going down pretty fast. So, in order to get stronger and more explosive, hitting this top end is really important. 457. When you rotate, just keep them hips fixed in position. So there. Good. Turn this back foot. Squeeze this glute here. Keep your hip fixed in. Good. And then rotate that upper body. Good. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's it. You should feel it more across your back. Get a bit more rotation there. Good. Nice. Now, you want to optimize that upper body rotation whilst keeping that lower body still. 352. 3.6. 363. Good. Sight from your shoulder yet. 358. Good. Good. Whip it through. 324. 3 43. Good. You really rely on that jump and then that speed. So that's why we're working on rotation in terms of the rotate. Still a key area for you to improve because you're excelling in that hand speed and the jumps. We add that rotational strength into there. It's going to be it's going to be serious power, but yeah, you're right at the top end in terms of like punch power. Good. Make sure your full foot is on that box. Good. Nice. Good. It's not a stamp. It's a drive through. Yeah. You think about like if you're actually running and you're sprinting, if you went like that, heel is raising here and the hips moving. So, I either want my rotations to be still. Okay. Both feet planted into the floor, hips stable. I'm just looking for that upper body and lower body separation. I want the hips to be coming all the way through. Have a little bit of a squat into it. That relationship with the floor is important. Being stable. Upper body rotates. Lovely stuff. Well done. Are you feeling this a lot more in your core now? Yeah. &gt;&gt; Good. Squatting down. As much up body rotation as you can. Beautiful stuff. Okay, two arm dominant. I want the arms to be loose. The most of the work is coming through through the rotation, not the arms. Okay, that's mistake number one. All these mistakes are quite common by the way. I see a lot of people doing them straight away. They want to use arms coming around that a lot of movement in the legs. So your legs are moving all the way around. Legs only been moving at that final point there. Who had more power? Me or you? &gt;&gt; Who can punch out of me or you? you. So, you should be able to get more power, but you're not being efficient with it. Good. Loop it around. Good. Okay. And cuz you're being quite cautious with it and then you're going quick, it needs to be accelerating all the way through. Loads better. See, now that's popping up now. Good. Loop it round. Yeah, that was so much better because when you slammed, you were there rather [snorts] than sitting back. Yeah, there. Get over it when you slam. I don't want it to go all the way down, but then you need to basically get your head over it a little bit more. Yeah. Good. Loads better. And with that knee, when you raise that knee, make sure that knee's at 90°. Don't be like, don't be going too high. Yeah. Core control. Better. Good. Good. Legs stable until the last point. Are you pivoting? Yeah. Better. We've got plank stairs. Nice and control. We're going in a circle. Anticlockwise. Clockwise. Returning to that center. See, a lot of people when they do this, they they're literally all over the place. The body's moving. You just notice I'm just doing controlled circles. Returning to center. Arms out straight. Core nice and tense and squeezing that ball. 5 seconds. Have a little rest. Do that four times. So, you're going from up to down. I want you to go from down to up and round. Back to center. Good. Then back the other way. Good. Hips up. [laughter] Good. Bell button tucked in. Let's have these hands a little bit further apart. That's it. [snorts] 4 3 2 1. Good. Let's go. 5 4 3 2 one. Good. Sweeping down with the arms. Toes up towards your shin. Two one. Good. Just bring your knees in a little bit more when you come up to come up a little bit more. That's it. Toes up. Toes up. Two. One. Good. Nice. Okay, guys. So, that's the end of the workout. Thank you very much for watching. If you're not subscriber to our Boxing Science YouTube channel yet, hit that subscribe button so you don't miss out on any future content. Also, go and check out our programs on the Boxing Science website where you can get 50% off your first purchase. Just hit the discount code boxing science 50 and you get 50% off our programs. We've got strength conditioning plans, high-intensity conditioning plans, we've got nutrition plans as well. So just go and check out the website boxing science.co.uk. Thank you very much for watching. Hopefully see you on the next video at Boxing Science.