Kind: captions Language: en Hello everybody and welcome to the Boxing Science podcast. This is episode 67 where I'm going to be answering your questions about a range of different subjects regarding strength conditioning sport science in boxing and combat sports. In this week's episode, we're covering a range of different subjects including what are the potential barriers in integrating strength and conditioning into amateur boxing and professional boxing. What are the training methods around the US Pakistan national team? looking at how to rehab ankle injuries and also how to keep in shape during the off season. Guys, if you're not a subscriber to our Boxing Science YouTube channel yet, hit that subscribe button so you don't miss out on any future content and also support the growth of the channel. Let's get on with this week's episode. So, the first question is from RWH166 and it's a really interesting and very important question. Combat sports buying into strength conditioning. So the question is in your experience what is the reason that some sports such as combat sports seem to be reluctant to embrace modern strength conditioning methods and practices i.e. maximum strength training and training rate of force development. So this is a very interesting question something that we've been trying to answer since we started boxing science in 2014 with boxing. I think that there's a lot of traditional training methods. I think that's been a challenge to try and overcome. Tried and tested methods as well. And at end of the day, the boxer is going to go into a fight. They don't want to be changing all of their training kind of if it's not broke, don't fix it kind of attitude and then put themselves at risk of of losing in a fight. So from an individual standpoint, that's maybe why some boxers and boxing coaches haven't bought into it. But from fundamental point of view, I think that it's a lack of funding, lack of resources, education around strength conditioning. when we're back in 2014. This is the reason why we started boxing science because we started working with quite a few boxers and coaches. It were all about educating what the the benefits are and making sure that this is being delivered in a very tangible and understandable way. There's not many kind of coaches and athletes that are going to be picking up the latest peer-reviewed journal article, Journal of Strength Conditioning Research, for example. They're not going to go and pick up that. So it's basically trying to find a way of educating them through social media articles, videos. Basically, it's funding from national governing bodies having that awareness because like football and rugby really high on strength conditioning, but they also have the funding and the national team, the big clubs are all doing this and all have to kind of meet a standard. For example, footballmies have to meet a standard to get a category A category B status. they need to put in strength and conditioning in place and then that builds up a culture of strength and conditioning being applied in football. So with boxing there isn't really been that in place and still not in that in place now. But a lot more boxers are buying into strength and conditioning because you see your top level professionals doing it. When we first started in 2014 there were only a handful of boxers actually doing strength and conditioning. Kellbrook being one of them, Amir Khan being another and then like the likes of Anthony Joshua has really taken strength conditioning on really big for the sport really big influence. So younger fighters are seeing people like Anthony Joshua doing it and loads of the top professionals are now doing strength conditioning. So then that ends up filtering down. When we first started boxing science we had a very simple approach in terms of our training methods. We wanted to train strength, fitness, and mobility. But we highlighted what the potential barriers might be in terms of facilities, guidance, time, and also funding as well. So, what we needed to do to overcome these barriers is to create boxing signs where it's an affordable service, maybe even some free content like what you're watching still today. Making sure that we're spreading the message of strength and conditioning to make sure that boxers and coaches feel that their knowledge, their experience, and their confidence in delivering strength and conditioning has been enhanced and at a really good level. Because not every boxer, amateur boxer is going to have the time, not going to have the facilities, not going to have the financial resources to be able to get a strength conditioning coach on board. So really important to provide an educational resource for them to then start implementing it into their boxing gyms and then into their strength conditioning sessions. The study that is due to be published in the journal of strength conditioning research and this is titled strength training practices in amateur and professional boxing. This was done via a questionnaire. So it's a qualitative study and the key things that they found from this is that a lot of boxing coaches and trainers are wanting to put in strength conditioning but they feel that the benefits are improving punching power, reducing the likelihood of injury and also to help improve muscular endurance. However, they're more geared towards doing more boxing specific training, more plyometric based training because they felt that they didn't have enough experience and knowledge around doing maximum strength training also facilities to do maximum strength training as well was limited and also there's a bit of fear about maximum strength training putting on muscle and having a detrimental effect on their speed and power. is a want to do strength conditioning, but there isn't that confidence in doing such things such as maximum strength training. And this backs up our own case study that we did in the buildup to our amateur boxing strength and conditioning program where we asked boxers and coaches about their approach to strength and conditioning. So 91% of boxers and coaches felt that they wanted to do more strength conditioning as part of the program. So there was a very much a buying to want to do strength conditioning and see that it can benefit their performance. However, 45% are restricted by the lack of time. So this is a quite strong representation of what is limiting their ability to strength conditioning. Most boxers are either working or studying, especially in in amateur boxers, their time is really important. So we need to come up with a system to be able to make sure that our strength conditioning sessions are time efficient and also can be integrated into their boxing sessions. 28% are restricted by facilities. And then further to this, we looked at two very key metrics. 47% feel that they need access to a qualified strength conditioning coach to be able to perform their strength and conditioning. And this is going to be quite difficult for a lot of amateur boxers because qualified strength conditioning coaches, there's not a lot that's going to be hanging around and and volunteering their time into the amateur boxing gyms. And also, it's going to cost them quite a bit of money as well. So, that might be a restrictive point there that they feel that they want to do it, but they want to do it in the right way, which is really good, but also is quite restricting as At the same time, over 75% of people that boxers and coaches that contribute to this case study said that they wanted to receive better guidance in terms of their strength conditioning practices. So, this is what motivated us to do the amateur boxing strength and conditioning program. We're giving them a timeefficient, very costefficient program that they can start integrating into their gym and also it doesn't require that much knowledge around strength conditioning. give them very simple and basic exercises, but really effective exercises as well. If you're interested in this amateur boxing strength conditioning program, check the link in the description. And you can also get 50% off by using this discount code, boxing science 50. So overall, hopefully that's given you a good answer to this question about what restricts people from doing strength conditioning in boxing and combat sports. biggest advice I can give to any coach that's trying to get buy in is to make sure that you are not just like going in and saying right this is how your training is wrong this is rubbish this is low's better this is you know you can't be going in with a negative point of view I see a lot on social media people dragging other strength conditioning coaches down what you got to do is show them the benefits of a certain exercises or certain way of training you're not going to change everything in a single training block as a single training program. The culture and the behaviors of the coaches and the athletes are going to take time. So you can't just go in and and rule with the iron fist and go right this needs to be done. This is been be really rigid in your approach. In my experience, you just want to change a few little things at a time. Start off with the basics first, really effective exercises and effective practices first. Get the buying from that. Get the quick wins from that. and then start building up your services and start building up your training methods that you're implementing with your fighters. Hopefully that's given you a good overview on how to get more buying with athletes and kind of my thoughts of why some boxing coaches and boxers are still reluctant to do strength conditioning. But I think that it's in a much better place than it was 10, 15 years ago. We're seeing a lot of the top boxers now doing strength conditioning and now he's seeing amateur boxers doing strength conditioning as well all across the board taking on the new school training methods. Okay, the next question is about the Usbekistan national team. What is the secret behind the four Olympic boxing goals by Usbekistan team in terms of strength and conditioning perspective? What type of methods do they use? because it's solely based on genetic and geographical location which aids them to be improve in their cardiovascular muscular parameters apart from their coaching technique. They always dominate others. I'm very curious to know your thoughts. There's no like definitive answer because if they was they'd be implementing that definitive answer into all the national teams and all be winning gold, silver and bronzes at the Olympics. Those Pakistan national team have done fantastic latest Olympics, the Paris 2024 getting four Olympic golds, but also like recently in the world championships and the previous Olympics in Tokyo 2020. Like I'm always interested in finding out like what makes like boxing gyms successful. And I've asked like boxers that have come from really successful gyms where they've got multi-time national champions or multiple like world British European champions. Obviously the coaching has a big part of it, but there's not been like one definitive like training method or training secret from that gym. It's almost been like there were very good boxers there at that time. The mantra of success breeds success. Iron sharp and Zion. You're going to get better sparring. You're going to get better experience. You're going to have more motivated boxers in the gym that are pushing it on their strength conditioning on the high intensity conditioning in their boxing sessions as well. You're going to be pushed up towards that next level. So I think like with those Beckyan national team, I think like they've got a really strong culture that's built from a very young age. And I think like in terms of their strength conditioning, they've got quite novel training practices. They're always training for speed and power and that high intensive fitness. Their footwork drills are fantastic. And this really transfers over to their unique boxing style as well. So like I said there's no definitive thing in terms of like what has made that Pakistan team so successful but I think like some of the the key things in terms of like their strength conditioning is that they are quite novel in their approach. They wanting to train speed and power but also being quite loose in their style as well. the way that they throw the lamine, the way that they throw the medball. It's all based on being relaxed and being really fast in that contractions and then also the implementation of plyometrics and their footwork drills and this really transfers into their boxing style. So yeah, I think like us Pakistan national team something that I've studied quite a lot taken some of their training methods and adapted it in a way that is can be integrated into the boxing science program. huge respect for the Speakistan national team and I can't wait to find out even more about their training in the future. Okay, so this question is what are good exercises to implement in lower body, upper body, and full body workouts for maximum strength, explosiveness, and endurance. So Boxing Science, we do full body workouts every single time. We don't want to just overload a specific area and make that sore going into the next training session. So we try and do maximum strength training and and speed and power training across the full body two times per week. We make sure that we cover six pillars of strength training. Them six pillars include your lower body lifts, your upper body lifts, and also your core training. So on your lower body, we've got hip hinge patterns, deadlifts, and hip thrust. We also got the squat pattern that we're wanting to train. So this can be different variations of the squat including goblet squats, slats, box squats. Then we've got our push and pull. So we've got pushing where we separate that into two different parts. We've got the horizontal push and vertical push. And then also we've got that in the pulling action as well. We've got horizontal pull and we've also got vertical pulling actions. We then go into our single leg exercises. So this is the next pillar and this is including knee dominant and hip dominant patterns. So knee dominant is things like reverse lunges, split squats, forward lunges as well and also we've got step-ups. And then we've got hip dominant single leg exercises such as a single leg hip thrust and different variations of this. We also class our lateral lunge variations as part of a hip dominant exercise. Then we go into our core training. So core training consists of three to four different exercises, but across the training week, we make sure that we do at least two exercises in each category. And we've got four different areas for this. We've got anti-extension, which exercises such as the ab wheel roll out and longlevered plank. Anti-ateral flexion, which are exercises such as the lamine rotations, and also single arm former carries. We've also got anti-rotation exercises that power up your rotational strength and power. This includes pull-off press, cable rotations, and different variations of the pull-off press can also transfer towards our rotational power exercises such as rotational medall throw. And then we've got our hip flexion with neutral spine. This is where we're looking to do exercises that predominantly looking at the abdominal strength such as straight arm straight leg situps, leg lowers, and also our supine core holds and different variations of this that can target volume and also can target intensity as well. That's a lot of exercises that are that have been mentioned there. Basically, what we do in session one, we do hinge horizontal push and pull, a single leg exercise, and some assistant exercises around that. Whether that's working on the posterior shoulder or doing some extra core training. And then we finish off the session with a core circuit. Then on session two, we do a squat exercise. We do vertical push and pull. Then we do our single leg exercise. We do a hip dominant exercise. And then we do core training as well at the end of it. If you're wanting more guidance in terms of your strength and conditioning, in terms of putting these workouts together, go and check out the boxing science website where we've either got the train like a champion membership or a range of different programs that you can access our training methods and give you a little bit more structure around your training. This question, I've had two surgeries on my ankle which makes prolonged running quite difficult. What would be the best alternatives for building a solid cardio base? Okay. So, if you have some ankle injuries or any kind of lower limb injuries, this can limit the performance on your highintensity conditioning. Even if you find it quite painfree, the actual speed and intensity that you can perform at is going to be quite limited. And that will in fact limit your improvements in cardiovascular fitness and also peripheral adaptations as well. Often with athletes that struggle with this, I'd tend to go to use the airbike. We found that this is the most effective tool in improving an athletes fitness apart from running. With air bike, you can do some interval training, which is targeting central adaptations and cardiovascular performance. But then also you can do a range of different repeated sprint and sprint interval training protocols that is challenging your ability to work at really high intensities high force production. So your repeated sprint interval training which is something like 12 seconds on 48 seconds off performed between 15 and 20 repetitions. Then also you got your peripheral adaptations as well. 30 seconds max sprint with 3 minutes recovery. If you're looking to try and rehab the ankle, obviously you've got to improve the strength and stability around it. You got also work that range of motion as well. So, a few different exercises for you to do is just some circular motions with your foot and work to them functional end ranges with your with your foot in that range of motion. You can also challenge stability with some low level kind of hop and holds. often start this with improving the stability through like some strengthbased exercises. Doing like a lunge and rotate or split stance rotation where you're not really compromising that ankle joint too much before moving on to some very lowle hop and holds doing some ice skater variations as well going very low intensity and also try and improve the strength around the ankle. You can do inversion, inversion techniques and also just look to try and improve the the stiffness around that ankle joint in terms of like doing some isometrics, doing some calf isometrics. Really important improving that strength around that ankle joint. Once you do all that and you feel quite comfortable in that ankle, I wouldn't say to certainly not do running, but I'd be looking to running in low intensity sessions doing your active recovery. Start building up that intensity during that active recovery as well. Not going to do high intensity runs, but try and do some higher speed work whilst doing your active recovery because when you're fatigued, this can really affect your running technique, but when you're doing it in active recovery session, you can in fact keep that running form quite well. So, start integrating some running into the practice so you you're not totally going one way and just doing all air bike sessions. Then also think about potentially doing some circuit based work where you're challenging the ankle joint but not into doing like really high force high speed demands. So doing stuff like battle ropes paired with running on the spot. We're doing that running on the spot on we use a lifting pad at boxing science that reduces them impact forces if you've got access to it using some prowler work because this is going to be strengthening the ankle joint but also going to be fantastic for conditioning tool as well. So hopefully that's given you a range of different things. So obviously like if you've had two ankle surgeries, just have some sort of like physio recommendations as well that can give you some bespoke advice. But hopefully that's given you some advice on how to work totally off feet but also like have a future plan on how you can get towards running again but also challenging that ankle joint under a fatiguing scenario. If you want to stay in shape cardio-wise for taking short notice fights, what would be the approach that you would take since you don't have a specific day? So, this is quite a difficult question to answer how to kind of tick over cardiovascular wise and your high-intensity conditioning. It's quite difficult for for us to answer because we like training in blocks because we want to give our body a very specific and strong signal to create adaptation from. So we do our training in box. So we'll do 30 second max out sprints. We do muscle buffering capacity and then we also do central adaptations. When we're looking to stay in shape over a period of time where you haven't got a specific fight date, it's very difficult to be going right this is the exact training method because you need a mix of these to be able to get into fight condition. If you're doing 30 second max out sprints then the next week you're going to go have a fight day. this isn't going to bring your weight down and also it's going to be quite intense to then recover from. I'd say probably the best training method that I'd use is muscle buffering conditioning because there's a range of different exercises that you can do. So you can do a very traditional 2 minutes on, 3 minutes off, or even 2 minutes on, 2 minutes off. This can be done on the treadmill, on the curve, or even on the airbike. But you can also mix this up. You can do 12 seconds on 48 seconds off protocol that can either be done on the curve or the airbike. So this is repeated sprint. So this can be easily tapered off into a fight week. We also got the gears work where we do our one minute intervals where we're increasing the amount of intensity as we go through the repetition. So we do 30 seconds, 20 seconds and then a 10 second sprint at the end doing a continuous effort. Can also mix up them intervals. So just do one minute on, two minutes off that we just done recently with Ishmail Davis. And then also we've got different types of intervals that we can do on the muscle buffering, 2 minutes on, 2 minutes off where we can mix it between different intensities within that set. So instead of just doing the 2 minutes flat out, we can do 20 seconds on, 10 seconds off, we can do 30 seconds on, 15 seconds off within that 2 minutes. So we increase the intensity. So there's much more room to play with with the muscle buffering conditioning constantly going towards that adaptation. But also we can keep changing it and it can be easily tapered off going into fight week. Whether you're on the 2 minutes, whether you're on the 1 minutes, whether you're on the even 12 seconds, 48 seconds off, it's going to do enough to burn some calories to keep your weight down. is going to do enough to work on central adaptations as well, but also it's going to be helping you control that muscular acidosis, which is going to be really vital in them high intensity bursts within a fight. So, like I said, the main adaptation that be targeting is muscle buffering capacity and then just changing the type of session that you're going to be using to still target that same adaptation. Okay guys, that's the end of the Boxing Science podcast episode 67. Thank you very much for watching or listening to the podcast. Really appreciate the questions that have been fired in this week. If you've got any more questions for the Boxing Science podcast, make sure you look out for our post on the YouTube channel on the community tab to ask your questions or leave them in the comment box below. If you're not subscribed yet, hit that subscribe button so you don't miss out on any future content and also support the growth of the channel. Thank you very much for watching. See you on next episode of the Boxing Science Podcast. [Music]