Kind: captions Language: en This is a bodyweight workout guaranteed to improve your highintensity fitness. Hello everybody. Welcome to Boxing Science. In this video, we're sharing with you a body weight workout that is guaranteed to help improve your fitness. And this can be performed anywhere in the world. Boxing gym, strength and conditioning gym, or even when you're at home. You can follow this workout along. We got range of body weight exercises that are guaranteed to elevate your heart rate into the red zone. The red zone is a term that we give to over 90% of your maximum heart rate. This is where we optimize cardiovascular adaptations whilst also simulating the conditions of a boxing fight. And in this workout, we're going to be doing 20 seconds on, 10 seconds off, eight repetitions, 2 minute recovery, and we're wanting to perform between three and five sets of this. This is perfect to do if you're just looking for quick calorie burner, a quick conditioning workout, or looking to do a highintensity finisher to your full boxing session or your strength conditioning sessions. And this workout is actually included in our brand new circuit conditioning for combat sports. We have over 70 circuits which include bodyweight circuits, red zone circuits, power endurance circuits, and also some brand new pad and bag interval training. And all these circuits are designed to help improve highintensity performance, cardiovascular fitness, concentration under fatigue, and increase your punch output. So, if you're looking to take your combat sports performance to the next level, go and check out the link in the description where we've got 50% discount on our brand new circuit conditioning for combat sports. Let's check out this bodyweight circuit that is guaranteed to help improve your highintensity performance. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] You want to be doing this for between three and five sets. Doing this with a twominute recovery. If you like this kind of content, please let me know in the comment box below. Press that like button to support the growth of the channel. And if you like this kind of workout, you would absolutely love our brand new circuit conditioning for combat sports, which has over 70 of these type of circuits, including our brand new power endurance circuits. Check that out. The link is in description. We've got 50% off for a limited time only, so go and check that out. Thank you very much for watching, guys. If you're not subscribed yet, hit that subscribe button so you don't miss out on any future content. And hopefully see you on the next video. [Music]