Kind: captions Language: en This body weightight workout is guaranteed to improve your boxing fitness. Hello everybody. Welcome to Boxing Science. In this video, we're giving you a boxing specific body weight workout to help improve your highintensity boxing performance. This consists of exercises that are challenging your speed, technique under high intensity conditions and doesn't require much equipment. All we need is an agility ladder, but this can be replaced by cones or lines or anything like that. Predominantly working shadow boxing in intervals of 20 seconds on and 10 seconds recovery. And the reason why that this is so beneficial is because we are using intense intervals followed by a period of rest to help elevate the heart rate into the red zone. And when we elevate the heart rate into the red zone, we're simulating the conditions during about and also helping improve cardiovascular adaptations. It's also going to be quite challenging to keep that speed, technique, and timing under a fatiguing situation. Perfect for anybody that's feeling like when they get fatigued, they lose their body shape, they lose the technique. This is getting athletes comfortable in the uncomfortable. So, this workout is 20 seconds on, 10 seconds off. And this workout is actually included in our brand new circuit conditioning for combat sports. We have over 70 circuits which include body weightight circuits, red zone circuits, power endurance circuits, and also some brand new pad and bag interval training. And all these circuits are designed to help improve highintensity performance, cardiovascular fitness, concentration under fatigue, and increase your punch output. So, if you're looking to take your combat sports performance to the next level, go and check out the link in the description where we've got 50% discount on our brand new circuit conditioning for combat sports. So, let's go and check out this boxing body weight workout to help improve your combat sport fitness. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] So this is a 3minut round with 20 seconds on 10 seconds off and after that 3minut round you have 1 minute recovery and I'd suggest to do between three and five rounds of this. So, go and give it a go. If you like it, hit that like button. Give us a review in the comment box below. And if you like this kind of workout, you would absolutely love our brand new circuit conditioning for combat sports, which has over 70 of these type of circuits, including our brand new power endurance circuits. Check that out. The link is in description. We've got 50% off for a limited time only. So, go and check that out. Thank you very much for watching, guys. In case you're not subscribed yet, hit that subscribe button so you don't miss out on any future content. And hopefully see you on the next video. [Music]