Kind: captions Language: en Canelo versus Crawford, the ultimate breakdown by Boxing Science. In the past 18 months, we've been treated as boxing fans to some super fights, mainly in the UK and Saudi Arabia with AJ versus Dybar, the two fights between Berb and Bibbo and also the Usyk and Fury fights as well. And we've been craving that super fight in America. It's been in the works for a while now, but now we're finally going to get it on between two undisputed champions, Canelo Alvarez versus Tons Crawford. Both being undisputed champions, and now they're coming together September 13th when they're going to be fighting it out for the undisputed super middleweight world championship. I cannot wait for this because two of my favorite fighters, Canel Alves has got a legendary resume. We've got Terence Crawford that has been undisputed at two weight divisions. There's so many questions going into this fight. Do we still have Canel one of the big names of this generation or is he on the slide? Have we got Tennis Crawford who's got the superior skills and speed, but is he going to be able to take that to super middleweight? Because normally when you see a super welterweight or naturally a welterweight jump up that many weight divisions to super middleweight, you totally disregard their chances. But in this fight, because of the skills of Terence Crawford, people are actually saying that Crawford could win. So, there's so many questions going into this and when there's such a big fight and all these different questions, what we like to do at Boxing Science is provide you the ultimate breakdown where we look at the data, create some analysis on the punch outputs and certain trends that each boxer have made in previous fights and how that can influence tactics going into these mega fights. In this video, we're going to be looking at the punch outputs of both fighters and how they've been affected as they've been getting older or moving up in weight division. We're going to be looking at some tools to victory for each fighter. When you leave this video, you're going to be either sliding towards Canelo a little bit more or sliding a little bit more towards Crawford. So, let's take a look at the boxing science ultimate breakdown of Canelo versus Crawford. &gt;&gt; Is weight an issue? &gt;&gt; So, like I mentioned in the introduction, the weight is a key factor in this fight. If you're going to take a welterweight or a super welterweight up to super middleweight and taking on the undisputed champion, most people would be saying absolutely no chance. However, there is some things that saying like Crawford could be okay at this weight because of how big he is for the weight naturally, but also Canelo isn't a natural super middleweight. Even though he's boxed as high as light heavyweight, he actually started his career down at light welterweight. But this is actually 20 years ago, so we can't really take that into consideration. His first title was at welterweight. His first world title was at super welterweight. This is talking like 15 years ago now. Canelo's frame isn't actually bigger than Crawford's. Canelo is 5'8 and so is Crawford. However, Crawford has a 3.5 in reach advantage. So this is really really uncommon to see a fighter jump up that many weight divisions, match them for height, but also have a reach advantage. And when you actually look at Crawford's last five opponents, it's very similar to the body frame of Canelo. The last five opponents are welterweight and super welterweight an average of 5'8 and 69.5 in reach. This is very similar to the size and structure of Canelo. So obviously Canelo has a weight advantage, but in terms of body structure, in terms of his reach and his height, Crawford is quite used to this. So really, if he stays out of harm's way and not be like working on the inside too much, where he's going to be feeling the weight of Canelo's punches, he should be able to be keeping him at arms reach poses then a question of let's have a look at the punch outputs and see whether there's any key trends that we need to look at. &gt;&gt; Key trends in punch output. So, looking very general here, looking at average punches per round, Crawford averages at 41.5 punches per round and lands 13.4. Canelo throws 33 punches per round but lands 13.6. So, Canelo is much more efficient. He throws less but lands slightly more. Both Canelo and Crawford, they start off with really low volumes where they're downloading data. don't really go out in that first round looking to try and impose themselves too much, standing off, taking a look at their opponents and throwing relatively low output and then they start working through the gears. Crawford works through the gears a little bit more than Canelo. As you can see in this graph here, the averages in terms of punches per round separates between rounds three and six. Then after that, the punch averages actually come down quite a lot towards the back end of the fight and Canelo seems to take over. So this could be a fight of two halves because we've got a fast start from Crawford, but then the punch output is maintained better by Canelo down the stretch towards 12 rounds. There's not much data on T Crawford going over 12 rounds because he's only gone 12 rounds once in his last fight against Israel Madrimov in the last seven years. Whereas Canelo has gone the 12 rounds distance 10 times within that time. Canelo is much more conditioned over the 12 rounds, more experienced, more active and this can play a big part especially when Crawford is packing on the pounds and fighting a much higher weight with the punch outputs being quite similar. punch outputs of Crawford may be reduced because he's going to be heavier and then he's not used to going that 12 round distance as much as Canelo whereas Canelo can work through the gears but also can keep that steady punch output over the 12 rounds. So this might really affect Crawford's punch output. Even though we're seeing a bigger gap between rounds three and six, this might make it a little bit closer because he might look to try and pace himself over that 12 round distance. This poses a really really close fight here and see whether there's any trends here that we can take away and see how this has an impact on this fight between Canelo and Crawford. &gt;&gt; Crawford's use of the lead hand. &gt;&gt; So the lead hand is going to be vital for Terren Crawford to be using that reach advantage. It's going to be presumed that it's going to be working in that southpaw stance because he's been doing this in the last several fights. is normally a switch hitter, but over the last few fights, he's been predominantly in that southpaw stance. Now, using the lead hand is vital against Canelo, and this is something that Crawford actually used in a previous fight against David Aanian where he was throwing over 100 punches per round on average. And 73 of these punches per round was the lead hand. and he was using it as a rangefinder because he only actually landed 4.5 punches per round on this. So there was a lot of kind of wasted punches in terms of not hitting the target, but he was using it to kind of blind Aanian, find his range and nullify the attacks. This is going to be a vital tool to use against Canelo on September 13th. Crawford used the jab really effectively in his last fight against Isbel Madimov, but Madrimov was still able to close distance at times. He's got fast feet using looping shots to get over that lead hand. It was really effective for Crawford to nullify Majimov's attacks. Now, in this fight with Canelo, Canelo's got a different style to Majimov. He's not going to be as fast and as dynamic with his footwork. boxer that has front foot pressure and it just kind of inches towards the opponents using faints, using head movement, using a high guard to start working on the inside. His jab output is relatively low and it's been seen in quite a number of fights where his jabs has actually been very very low percentage rate. And this is something that we'll get into a little bit later on in this video. He's using that high guard. He's using head movement. is using footwork to just creep in and then using the faints to create them openings for big power punches, bent arm shots, lead hook, lead hook to the body with Canelo. He's been really successful over the last several years. His only defeat has come to Dmitri Bivival, a master boxer. Now, something that Demetri Bivival did is use the lead hand really effectively to nullify Canelo creeping forward, blinding the guard, just sticking out his arm to make sure Canelo wasn't getting on the inside. So, Bivvol using this was really effective. And you can see in these clips here how was frustrating Canelo. And the data proved this as well with Canelo only averaging one jab landed per round. and the connection rate was only 5%. And this also led to his power punches as well. Canelo averages normally at 38% connection rate, which is relatively high. But in the Bivol fight, he only landed 18% of his punches. So, because Bivvon was so effective with that lead hand, negating Canelo's front foot pressure was a key tool for him winning this fight. This can really be a key tactic for Crawford to use, especially in southpole stance because this adds a little bit more range. Also, even though that Bivvol is a bigger guy being at light heavyweight, his reach is just 72 in. Crawford's is 74 in. So, if Crawford has the strength able to hold Canelo off, he could end up really frustrating Canelo if he implements the same tactics as Dimmitri Bivl. This is a very interesting piece of data and analysis comparing the Bivvol fight where it's only one Canelo loss set from Floyd Mayweather back in 2013 and looking at like how Crawford has used his jab previously especially in the Ainesian fight. This can be a huge factor for Crawford going into this fight with Canela. &gt;&gt; Is Southpaw the key to victory? &gt;&gt; So Crawford going southpaw. A lot of people have seen this as a key to victory for Thomas Crawford because of the fights that Canelo's had previously with Southpaw. Lara where he got a split decision. Austin Trout where he won unanimously but it was a close fight on the cards. But when you actually look at Canelo's record against South Paws, it's impressive. 6-0. You know, he's got big wins over John Ryder and devastating knockout wins against Billy Joe Saunders and James Kirkland. Even though he's struggled with some fighters in Southpaw stance, recent fights been a lot better. You know, the the fights with Austin Trout and Lara, these are up 10, 11, 12 years ago. These recent fights as when he's fought southpaw, it's looked really, really good. So, I don't think that it's too much of an issue for Canelo to adapt. But when you look at like Lara and the trout fights, these are where Canelo had a really low connection rate. Looking at 20% connection rate, very similar to the connection rate that he did against Dimmitri Bivol. You'd be looking at them fights with Lara and Trout. You got to be thinking it's a very very different Canela how he's adapted his style fighting bigger guys. He looks very very different compared to 10 12 years ago. So even though that there's some data there against Lara and Trout, Canelo struggling in them fights, I think that this is a long time ago. Canelo has dealt with Southpaws in very devastating fashion very recently. It's not just a be all and end all of like Crawford being a Southpaw. So Canelo is going to struggle. Canelo's shown that he's adapted very well over the years, adapted his skill set. I don't think being Southpaw alone is going to be the key to victory for Crawford in this fight against Canelo. &gt;&gt; Canelo's lead hook. The lead hook for Canelo is really obvious as this this been a key tool for him because he's had many highlight reel knockouts and knockdowns. This one against Edgar Balanga from every single angle is just the perfect lead hook. And against a southpaw is one of the punches that he wanted to be landing. He's very accurate with his punches. Between 40 and 50% of Canelo's power punches land in the fight against Madrimov for Crawford. Majimov had a lot of success with that lead hook to the head with 50% of his lead hooks to the head landing. This has got to be a tool for Canelo to use, but he also uses it effectively in faints. You can see in this little clip here, a lot of fighters look to use faint with the feet or faint with the jab. Canelo's most powerful and effective tool is that lead hook. So using it as a faint actually creates some defensive gaps. Another thing that creates defensive gaps as well is the lead hook to the body. And this was shown in the fight with John Ryder where he's constantly landing the lead hook to the body. And this actually opened up some gaps in to then land the right hand and score a knockdown later on in the fight. When looking at the data of Canelo over the last 10 fights, over 55% of Canelo's power punches are landed to the body, showing that Canelo is a fantastic body puncher. Not only that, this is performed with high accuracy. 39% of his body punches landing. With the high output and the high accuracy that Canelo has with his power punches to the body, can only see this being a key tool for him to work against Crawford. When you're working against a fighter that is moving around the ring with faster feet, faster head movement, and also working at a much heavier weight than he's used to, landing to the body is going to be key. This is something that we actually brought up in the Tyson Fury and Alexander Usyk fight. Southpaw with very good head movement, very good feet, foot footwork, landing to the body is probably going to be a key tool. And this is something that Fury landed at will and also I can see Canelo landing as well and making it a key tactic in this fight. Especially when you're considering that Crawford is moving up them weight divisions, he's going to be feeling the effects of that fight later down the stretch. So if you're landing power punches to the body, you're constantly draining the battery, making the Crawford more fatigued. So I can see Canelo really targeting the body, not only because this is his best chance to be landing punches, but also it's going to be tiring Crawford down the stretch. &gt;&gt; Will Crawford's output be enough? &gt;&gt; Crawford's punch output against Aanium where he was averaging 100 punches per round. This was quite elevated with the increased use of the lead hand. So in terms of punch output, let's take that out of the averages. Crawford averages 41 punches per round, whereas Canelo averages 33 punches per round, but we've seen in the previous data that they land almost the same. So Canelo is much more efficient. To look at how effective Crawford's punch output is, let's take a look at how he compares to the previous opponents of Canelo Alvarez. Previous opponents of Canelo have thrown 49 punches per round and landing just 11 punches. So Canelo is making his opponents work really hard. And then if we look at the person that was successful against him, Demetri Bivol, he was averaging 59 punches per round. This is a huge jump for Crawford to make. So, we're talking about that constant use of the lead hand, keeping Canelo at bay, making sure that we're negating his attacks and landing punches of own. It's going to have to increase his output a lot. And when you're considering the increase in body mass as well to jump up to 168, this is going to be really difficult to do. Canelo makes his opponents work really hard to get the win and made Bivvon work really hard, averaging 59 punches per round. It's going to have to make Crawford work hard as well. Again, we're talking about Canelo's tactics in this fight is going to be looking to drain that energy bar. We're going to be looking at targeting Crawford's body, closing the distance, making him punch more than what he would do before, and doing this at higher weight. This is going to be really difficult for Crawford to maintain. So, this is really vital data. &gt;&gt; What can we take from Canelo versus Skull? &gt;&gt; But, and there's always a but in these fights, we can't ignore the elephant in the room. Canelo versus Skull. Okay, so I don't want to disrespect fighters. I never want to do that. I have a huge respect to the fighters that I work with and also that I watch as a fan. But the fight with Canelo versus William Skull, it wasn't one for the ages. It was a very very low output fight. We can't ignore this going into this fight. Even though Skull was really, really negative in that fight and that created a very low volume from Canelo. If you're looking at the way to win against Canelo, maybe win at all cost, Crawford's going to look at that is going to be thinking, right, I can just box and move and keep my distance. I will outpoint Canela, maybe get hit very close on the Juda scorecard and maybe a really bad fight for people to watch. So, if you're looking at Crawford thinking, I'm gonna win at all costs, you'd be looking at the skull fight because this really dropped Canelo's output to only throwing 12 punches per round. When you're looking at this, you can look at in isolation, but let's have a look at like Canelo's last five fights, Canelo's output has declined by 22%. So, even though we're looking at the skull fight in isolation, we're seeing decline in his output here. This is an average, but let's take a look at his hardest rounds. Highest output rounds in the previous five fights was only 38 punches per round. So that's an average of punches per round output was 60 punches per round. Now in the previous five fights, it's only 38. This is a massive decline. This is a decline of 37%. And you look at this graph here, you can see that Canelo has become more one pace rather than being able to work through the gears and finish a fight strong. There is a decline in his punch output against William Skull. I think you've just got to ignore that because I think that was an isolated fight because Skull was so negative. But like I said, if Crawford was looking to win at all cost, he'd be looking to make it a very, very boring fight. But I don't think that Crawford would want that for his legacy and for the fans. Crawford won't box like this, but we'll take some confidence in being able to box and move and stay out the way of Canelo's attacks. Okay guys, so that's the end of the Ultimate Breakdown. Canelo versus Crawford. Really excited for this one. It's a huge fight on September 13th in Las Vegas. I can't wait for this. It's two of my favorite fighters to watch. Highly skilled. It's going to be highly entertaining. The buildup's going to be insane. So, I'm really excited for it. So, if you're new to this channel and you haven't come across boxing science before, go and check out the rest of our content where we're looking at like reacting to training methods of Canelo and Crawford, looking at strength conditioning workouts and lots of different tips on how you can implement training methods to help improve your strength, speed, and power for boxing and combat sports. So, if you're not subscribed yet, hit that subscribe button so you don't miss out on any future content. If you like this video, hit the like button so you help the growth of the video. If you've got any thoughts, comments, questions about the data shown, leave them in the comment box below. Thank you very much for watching. Hopefully see you on the next video of Boxing Science. [Music]