Kind: captions Language: en Canelo versus Crawford. Canelo's lead hook. &gt;&gt; The lead hook for Canelo is really obvious as this this been a key tool for him because he's had many highlight reel knockouts and knockdowns. This one against Edgar Balanga from every single angle is just the perfect lead hook. And against a southpaw is one of the punches that he wanted to be landing. is very accurate with his punches. Between 40 and 50% of Canelo's power punches land in the fight against Madrimov for Crawford, Madrimov had a lot of success with that lead hook to the head with 50% of his lead hooks to the head landing. This has got to be a tool for Canelo to use, but he also uses it effectively in faints. You can see in this little clip here, a lot of fighters look to use faint with the feet or faint with the jab. Canelo's most powerful and effective tool is that lead hook. So using it as a faint actually creates some defensive gaps. Another thing that creates defensive gaps as well is the lead hook to the body. And this was shown in the fight with John Ryder where he's constantly landing the lead hook to the body. And this actually opened up some gaps in to then land the right hand and score a knockdown later on in the fight. When looking at the data of Canelo over the last 10 fights, over 55% of Canelo's power punches are landed to the body, showing that Canelo is a fantastic body puncher. Not only that, this is performed with high accuracy. 39% of his body punches landing. With the high output and the high accuracy that Canelo has with his power punches to the body, can only see this being a key tool for him to work against Crawford. When you're working against a fighter that is moving around the ring with faster feet, faster head movement, and also working at a much heavier weight than he's used to, landing to the body is going to be key. This is something that we actually brought up in the Tyson Fury and Alexander Usyk fight. Southpaw with very good head movement, very good feet, foot footwork, landing to the body is probably going to be a key tool. And this is something that Fury landed at will and also I can see Canelo landing as well and making it a key tactic in this fight. Especially when you're considering that Crawford is moving up them weight divisions, he's going to be feeling the effects of that fight later down the stretch. So if you're landing power punches to the body, you're constantly draining the battery, making the Crawford more fatigued. So, I can see Canelo really targeting the body, not only because this is his best chance to be landing punches, but also it's going to be tiring Crawford down the stretch. Do you want the full breakdown to Canelo versus Crawford? Check out the entire Boxing Science Ultimate breakdown with Danny Wilson. The video covers indepth analysis and insights to help predict what could happen on September 13th. Hey,