Kind: captions Language: en Footwork drills for boxing. In &gt;&gt; this video, we're going to be sharing five exercises to help improve footwork speed and coordination for boxing and combat sports. These drills have been inspired by the likes of Lomachenko, Usyk, Majimov, and the Usbekistan national boxing team. And some of these drills that these athletes use are very complex and complicated and very hard to start implementing with boxers in amateur boxing gyms or professional boxing gyms as well. However, at Boxing Science, we look to do breakdowns of these to really target some physical adaptations. Now, the reason why we do these as well is because we do a 10x5 pogo hop assessment to look at an athletes reactive strength index. And what we find with most boxers is that they're not actually ready for our more advanced and intense plyometrics. So we use these speed and coordination drills to be looking at really fast and forceful contacts while also getting a benefit of some speed and coordination as well. So this is part of our ultimate coaching for combat sports workshop. And if you're wanting the actual full video of this along with a detailed explanation of how we use plyometrics at boxing science, go and check out the link in the description where we're giving away a free ebook with video workshops on plyometrics for boxing and combat sports. So go and check out the link in the description. Go and download that and also get load more exercises. Probably got about 50 to 60 exercises in there. learn how to start implementing that within your boxing and combat sports strength conditioning sessions. Yeah. You don't want to pop up high now. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Good. Heels just off the floor. Yeah. Spice. Good work, man. Okay. Go on. Don't know what you're doing, Richard, but keep trying, mate. Keep trying. That's a Chris. That's a cross. That's jump. Ballsy feet. So, heels just off the floor and we're attacking the floor. So, it's not just floating. We're trying to do it as fast as we can with solid contacts on the floor. So, we're coming forward, hands on hips, criss cross, tuck jump, criss cross, tuck jump. We're not wanting that hesitation from the tuck jump into the crisscross. We're not like wanting to go a bounce tuk jump there. Boom. We're crisp cross tuck jump and then traveling across to the side. Yeah. So, try and stay a little bit squatted. Good. Good. And then going back speed. Fast contact. Keep your feet wide. Yeah, good work. Well done. Whip, whip, hold. Whip, whip, hold. So, we want to make sure that you're getting your hips all the way through on each one. And then making sure you stay nice and solid. Yeah. [Music] Just trying to have your feet a little bit wider. Says whip, whip. Boom. And we're squatting into it onto the heels. Feet a little bit wider. Whip. Whip. Live and wide. Whip. Whip. [Music] Yeah, that's better. Whip. Whip. Good. Whip. Whip. Good. [Music] Heels just off the floor. We're not shuffling forward. We're making as much force and much noise going into the floor. Going forward. Off we go. I just want you to get towards that pillar there. Yeah. Off we go. Don't be shuffling forward. Don't be shuffling. Good. Off we go. Don't be shuffling. So, we drop down there. Heels just off the floor. We're maintaining that without shuffling forward. Heels just off the floor and we're changing legs. Now, I find that quite difficult to do with the hands on hips. So, what we're going to do is add the arms in there. So, we're going to go fast legs, slow arms. Off we go. Slow arms, fast feet. Good. &gt;&gt; There's got to be a good song that I can put over this. Nice. Just going from side to side. But shorten that shuffle a little bit more. We get a select few. See who feels like they can come up to the challenge of the boxing science footwork challenge. The challenge is then to be as quick as you can. Stepping across. Oh, that hurt. Do that and try and do that as fast as you can. I think Paul's up for it. David's definitely up for it. Look at that. &gt;&gt; Then all them football after parties, man. Good work, Max. Just shorten the stride just a little bit. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Good. [Music] Ready to go. Three, two, one, let's go. Start a bit late. Good transition. Good. [Music] &gt;&gt; 806. Let's go. &gt;&gt; Fail next. No, two. One. Let's go. [Music] 823. That's good. Go. [Laughter] The time's still going. The time's still going. Okay, guys. So, that's the end of the video. Hopefully, you've taken a lot away from this. Like I mentioned in the introduction, we are currently giving away our plyometric for boxing and combat sports workshop. This is provided as a PDF ebook where you've got a ton of information how we implement pytrics with our boxes down here at boxing science. It's also accompanied with video workshops theoretical where we're explaining the science and the application of pyometrics and also two practical workshops where we've got between 50 to 60 different exercises that you can start implementing in your boxing and combat sport strength conditioning sessions. So go and check out the link in the description for this. It's entirely free at the moment. And also check out our other products and services at Boxing Science. Thank you very much for watching. Not subscribed yet? Hit that subscribe button so you don't miss out on any future content. And see you next video at Boxing Science. [Music]