Kind: captions Language: en You can be great for 12 rounds, but I only have to be great for one second to land on you and it's all over. [Music] Here are five exercises to punch like Fabio Wardley. Fabio has a tremendous amount of power. He's got this genetically. He came into the program, he was already jumping 49 cm when he first joined the program. So he had that ability to produce a lot of force in very short amount of time. What was really important especially with his lack of background in amateur boxing and his improving his technique fight by fight is to learn how to produce that force through the kinetic chain through punch specific action. That's why we've used a range of different exercises focusing on how he transfers that power in a punch specific action. We use heavy loaded exercises because with most of our athletes are working on either five or 10 kilo like mine punches or with a medicine ball working quite light 3 to 5 kilos. We need to make sure that we optimize momentum because like I said a big strong heavy weight got to move a lot of mass very quickly. So the last thing that we want to do is go too light with this. So our punch specific exercises line punches but with lline mine punches with bands. Looking to try and optimize this rotation coming from his trunk and his lower body. So using the heavy band on this to really optimize that trunk rotation which is going to be vital in delivering that fast and hard punch. We use a range of different lime punch throw actions. 10 20 kilos maybe even 30 kilos on the bar. Often a little bit of a challenge for me to catch as well. And then with his medicine ball punch throws, we've actually gone quite heavy with these. We've gone up to like 10 kilos to be able to challenge his speed strength. Done a range of different things with this, whether it's a dipping down body shot to utilize his legs and his torso more during the metall punch throw. And also doing the infamous Deontay Wilder slash baseball shot throw where he's literally driving as much force as he can into that midball punch throw. This is really going to optimize that rotational power and kinetic chain sequencing. Also a really important exercise to do are punch iso holds. You can do this up against the wall and give some feedback. So in this clip here, Fabio's actually pushing against the dynometer and getting some feedback on amount of force that he's being able to produce during that punch specific action. and then also doing it with myself as the coach or Phil who's the strength conditioning coach that does most of the delivery of the boxing science program where we're actually catching the punch then this is a really hard challenge look to try and do as we get closer to the fight and this is really important for Fabio and for heavyweight boxers because they're having to deal with a high amount of impact force when landing because of the amount of force that they're producing they're hitting the opponent obviously it's going to be a heavier opponent So then the amount of impact force there is going to be really challenging for that upper limb. So these punch iso holds are really effective on improving that stiffening that effective mass at the end range of the punch which will help protect the wrists, the elbows, all the upper limb and also getting the core and glutes all firing to help try and support that upper limb upon impact. This is particularly important for Fabio being a fast and explosive athlete to have that stiffness upon the impact. So then he's transferring all that energy and there's no energy or force that's dispersed when he's coming into contact with his opponent. So these punch is holds important for all boxers but particularly important for heavy weights such as Fabio Waldley. Keep shape. Yeah. Oh, other side. Tough that one. Right. Oh, sound effects. Yeah. Good. Rotate all the way through. Keep your shape. Yeah. Nice. That's one. Come on. Oh boy. Let's go. He's nailed. Don't worry. I'm nailed so I can I can have it. Come on. If I can put him through it, but he's nails. Yeah. Wait. Go on. Good. One more. I think we need more weight on the bar. Same way. Go on. Other side. Yes. Good work. Yes. Good. Last one. Keep your shape. Yeah. Nice. Good. Yes. That's better. Come on. Last one. Oh. What we're using is met bolt punch throws for speed strength using like data around resisted sprint training. We're looking for velocity loss of around about 25% to be targeting speed strength. So we're looking at what his predicted kind of speed is at zero load and looking for 25% velocity drop off for Fabio today that came around about 7 kilos. This is quite good because most of Fabio's like medball punch throws what I've done in the past has been 5 kilos. So we're actually under stimulating him a little bit. So doing this collecting a lot more research. So we'll be able to give you some more standardized recommendations for medicine ball punch throws based off different weight categories. So Fabio throwing fast and hard, 3 kilos, hitting 7.8 m/s. And then we went all the way to 9 kilos to see how his speed kind of declined as went to find the optimal load for him. And his optimal load today was 7 kilos 6. So it's like a med punch throw, but I want you to go really load up that rear leg. Knee comes up and follow all the way through. The challenge is is to knock that off the wall. So you go from one leg to the other. Reload up that rear leg. That knee comes up. And I want you to boom over commit to it. So normally on medball punch throws, I want you to be in that technical position. I'm just wanting brute force. Commit all your body into it. Oh yes. [Music] Look how good that working against wall, bouncing back, going through your legs. Don't mind that end technique. I just want brute force, man. Good. [Music] So, we're just looking for that partial range. So, we're not going all the way through to full extension. Literally just wanting to overload that first movement because we know from the data most important part of the L punter. Why you Why are you smiling? We dip down. [Music] Done. Pop up into it like that. Twist and turn, but keep that back foot into the floor. Yeah. Good. So, you're not getting it as far, but it's better action. [Music] One. Let's go. Three, two, one. Good. 42.6. And you broke my machine. Same hand. Same hand. Yeah. Three times. Turn out then drive it through. Let's go. Switch. Three. Two. One. Good. 37. Let's go. Three, two, one. Peaked at 39 there. Ready to go. Let's go. 3 2 1. Good. 38. Expensive this. You know, mate. 3 2 one. Good. Best one. That 44 drive. 10. 10. 10. 10. 38. Go. Two. One. Better. 45. That. Accelerate into it. Go. Yeah. Good. Yeah. Good. 42.5 when you actually it. Yeah. Accelerate into it. I thought it was just pushing through. Yeah. Yeah. It's not pushing motion. It's getting that getting that snap. Okay guys, so that's the end of the video. Thank you very much for watching. Big shout out to Fabio. the work that he's been doing with boxing signs for the last four and a half years taken a lot of commitment and dedication. The program's there for everybody to take advantage of, but it's down to Fabio's hard work and his commitment. So, thank you very much for watching. Hopefully, see you on the next video. [Music]