Kind: captions Language: en This high-intensity workout only takes 15 minutes to perform. It's every minute on the minute and it takes you through a pyramid style where we're going from longer intervals to max out efforts and then going back down to the longer intervals. This ticks a lot of boxes for me. It works on central adaptations because it's getting your heart rate to the red zone. It's unlocking some speed and power but also getting your lactate quite high. So, it's actually working some muscle buffering adaptations, which can help take that power and speed into the later rounds. This is what we've been using with British and Commonwealth Champion Ishmamail Davis for the last few camps now, and it's the perfect way to start training camp. In this video, we're going to be taking Ishmail through this. We're going to be comparing his numbers to previous camps, and now he's preparing to defend that British title and Commonwealth title on February 21st. If you're wanting the full workout, make sure you stay tuned in to the end of the workout where we provide the exact reps, sets, and then also some power targets. So, you can start taking this and applying this into your own training. Let's go check out the workout. You're going to get that band just behind your hip. Push your hip forward and you're going to feel a burning sensation, stretching sensation right at the top hip flexor. Once he's into it, 10 seconds and pop your arm up. 10 seconds. Opposite shoulders. 30 seconds on each side in total. Hold it for 10 seconds. Then you're going to pop your arm up in the air whilst keeping the core tense. Good. Push hips forward a little bit more. Good. And then rotate elbows up a little bit more. Good. Push hips forward, but keep the core tight. [Music] Good. And rotate over. Lunge position. Legs at 90°. We're going to rotate and rotate on the inside. Good. Shoulders back and down. Good. See how you're wanting to shrug to get that movement. Yeah. Yeah. Try and keep your shoulders back and down. Just prioritize that rotation. That's it. Good. Better. [Music] T Y W. On each one, I want you to reach, reach, and then squeeze. Okay. T position, Y position, then W and squeeze it. That's it. T Y &gt;&gt; W. Good. Eight reps. So that's two reps. You should feel it all in the back of your shoulders there. Pick up your hips a little bit. Yeah, that's it. And then keep your chest to the floor there. And then do it from there. And that should be a little bit tougher. You feel the difference there? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. You'll see a lot less arch in that lower back. [Music] So just working serus anterior, which is like your boxers muscle just there. Extend as much as we can that way for thoracic extension. Should feel nice all on top of your back. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Good stretch through the lats. Nice work. As we're reaching across, rotating that upper body as much as we can. Reach across. Lower body stays stable. Your glutes having to work there to stabilize the hips. You should feel it all across your back as well. Good. And once get a few reps in, start letting it flow. [Music] Okay, so Ishmail is on load three now. So he's on his 30 secondond intervals. So this is where we're really going to start seeing him enter that red zone. Okay, so this is the peak of the session now where we're going on for 10 second intervals. So we're going for 10 seconds on, 50 seconds off, only three repetitions. [Music] Okay, so now we've gone to the peak, we're now coming back down in terms of intensity where we increasing in volume. Got four reps to go, mate. Four reps. Just two of these 3030s now. Let's go. 30 seconds. Even when you've gone to that peak, even though that you're fatigued, let's try and beat them numbers in the back end. [Music] 5% doesn't really seem much. It's the first time that you've come in when you've done no training at all. You've always like got like a bit of a base. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Or you know, you've been doing done some sort of running or anything. You've done two weeks totally nothing. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, we're 5% better than what we were last time. That means that next session is going to be better. Okay. So, that's the end of the workout. As you can see, Ishbal pretty fatigued from this. Got some good red zone adaptations and also his lactate is going to be quite high. So, we're going to get some muscle buffing adaptations. And this is a fantastic foundation to start training camp. He's got 12 weeks ahead of him. If you've got any questions about this or you want to follow this exact workout here is the workout provided. This is actually part of our assault bike conditioning program. If you're wanting to get the most out of your conditioning using the assault bike, this program is perfect for you. Go and check out the link in description. You can also use a code boxing science 50 to get 50% discount off your first purchase. And if you're wanting to find out more about boxing science, make sure you hit that subscribe button. And we've got plenty of more content coming forward. Whether it's insights into how we train champions to workouts, our Q&amp;A sessions that highly popular as well. Hit that subscribe button so you support the growth of the channel. You don't miss out on any future content. Thank you very much for watching. Hopefully see you on the next video of Boxing Science. [Music]