Kind: captions Language: en Optimize your airbike conditioning. &gt;&gt; How do you interpret the metrics obtained from the 30 secondond maximum sprints? What training adaptations do you make based on different results? So, this fantastic question. The 30 secondond max out sprints is something that features quite a lot on our boxing science YouTube channel. And the reason why is because these are brutal but highly effective. We use this as part of our training to increase an athletes power endurance but also to increase peripheral adaptations which is vital for aerobic performance. But we also use this as our power endurance test during the boxing science testing battery where we're testing athletes ability to produce high intensities and have the ability to endure them over the 30 seconds. They have the 3 minutes recovery and we challenge their ability to repeat that. With this, we take their what's what they're performing at at 7 seconds, 17 seconds, and at 27 seconds. And what we're looking at is how much an athlete can produce in terms of power, their ability to maintain that over the 30 seconds. And with this, we're wanting to see a wattage around about 18 watts per kilo. That's our boxing science standard. And we want to try and keep them above 60% of their max wattage. So for example, if an athlete hits 1,000, we try and keep them above 600 watts. We can highlight what kind of conditioning that athlete needs to do. If an athlete has a spike profile where they're literally going at a real increase intensity, much higher than the standard, but we see a very significant drop where they might be hitting 50% or maybe even 40% of their maximum power. This athlete definitely needs to be working on their power endurance. So we'd likely to give them 30 secondond sprints. All different variations. Our clustered sprint variations of 20 seconds on, 20 seconds off, then 20 seconds on again before having a 3minut recovery will help increase that intensity and maintaining that power. Or maybe even our clustered variations where we're doing 10 seconds on, 10 off times three. So we're splitting up the 30 seconds into three 10-second sprints. And this is what we need to be able to maintain that power. If an athlete might come in that has more of an endurance profile, they'll hit way below the standard of peak power, but they'll be able to maintain their peak power quite well. With this kind of athlete, they need to start unlocking that speed and that power under high intensity situations. So very likely with them is to do with something as little as 10 second sprints with 50 seconds recovery to try and unlock that power using our pyramid hit conditioning getting some like central and also muscle buffering adaptations where they're learning how to unlock that power. That's what we do with them athletes because if we did the 30 second max out sprints with athletes that have a quite flat profile, very endurance profile, they won't get the benefits from these 30 secondond sprints. The most perfect one that we can have is somebody that hits exactly the same trend as our boxing science standard, i.e. hitting 100% of the maximum power and keeping it above 60%. Whether they're below the standard or above the standard, they're prime and ready to do them 30 second max out sprints and really benefit from them as well. So yeah, that's how we use our 30-cond wing gate. If anybody's interested in finding out more about this should check out our online education program, the ultimate coaching for combat sports, we currently got a sale on this which giving you massive discount and it's giving you access to our highly popular workshops a click of a button and can be accessed anywhere in the world going from strength conditioning, plyometrics, core training, but in this question in particular testing and profiling and also conditioning methods as well. Check that out. The link is in the description. And this question is around how to target red zone or central adaptations for heavyweight boxers, especially on the airbike. Feeling quite fatigued, lower body, lactic response, everything like that can block an athletes ability to reach the red zone. And this is something that we find quite often mentioned many times on these podcast channels. The reason why we don't particularly use cycling as a conditioning tool because the boxer might not just heavy weight but most boxers might find it difficult to reach the red zone because their lower body strength strength endurance and their cycling efficiency might affect their ability to get up into the red zone. This is why we use different variations such as using the altitude tent. People listening or watching this will not have access to an altitude tent. But a few tricks that you can do. One is do a preloading set before doing some Tabata or Euro intervals. If you're doing a 4minute interval, start off with a 1 minute more intense preloading and then go into your 20 seconds on 20 seconds off or 30 seconds on, 15 seconds off and split that in. You could even do over 4m minute interval preloading. Do four 20 seconds on 10 seconds off intervals and then finish off with a 50 second allout blast. Increase the preloading. Get that heart rate elevated. Reduce that lactate accumulation through having some rest intervals. Having the intensity quite high to be able to reach the red zone then kick on and get up into the red zone. So if you are doing your typical central adaptations of four minutes on, two minutes off, start splitting up your intervals like that. Also, you can try out our pyramid workouts such as our on the minute, every minute. This is very likely to get you up into the red zone. And also, we've got our pyramid hit workouts where we go from 4-minute intervals to 2 minute intervals, 1 minutes down to 30 seconds. We've got our assault bike conditioning program. And we've also got our brand new 6 week strength conditioning program, unlock your potential. these kind of workouts in there and going to be perfect for you to reach that red zone, get them central adaptations whilst being on the air bike. Okay, so this is an interesting question. Should you be in the red zone during muscle buffering? This all depends on the exercise that you're doing, protocol that you're doing. So for example, 2 minutes on, 2 minutes off, very likely to take the red zone in that. Whereas like on your 12 seconds on, 48 seconds off, there's not enough volume in there where you should be hitting the red zone. Even on the 2 minutes on, 2 minutes off, it's all dependent on the athlete. If the athlete needs to be working on central adaptations, they're more or less going to be in the red zone during that. If an athlete is predominantly needing to work on muscle buffing adaptations, they're very likely to get their lactate to a level too high whilst in that red zone. So, it's all dependent on the individual. A good gauge would be between 85% and 90% maximum heart rate. But a better gauge would be to use RPA, rating of perceived exertion. And it's a rating between zero total rest and 10 extremely hard exercise. For muscle buffing, we've seen that to get the lactate to between 10 and 40 mill per liter is around about a seven or eight out of 10. Yeah, you can use your heart rate be between 85 and 90% of your maximum heart rate. But the best gauge that you can use if you're not using blood sample, using blood lactate would be between seven and 8 RP. So hopefully this helps you and this is applied to all different kinds of muscle buffering activity that you're doing. If you're not a subscriber to our YouTube channel yet, hit that subscribe button so you don't miss out on future content. Hopefully see you on the next video.