Kind: captions Language: en managing training loads for boxing. &gt;&gt; I saw a video where you recommend four to five boxing sessions, two to three conditioning sessions, two to three strength and one recovery session. Should we also be running too? So running is part of your conditioning. So you do two to three highintensity conditioning sessions. Whether you do that on the air bike or the treadmill or the curve treadmill, that's what I'd consider as your conditioning. For your active recovery, that's either one or two sessions per week. And we would be doing that predominantly on a treadmill. We can do this off feet and do this on a W bike. Some people like to do this out on the road, but I prefer to do like an active recovery session. Control paces and making sure this is in zone three. So around about 60% your maximum heart rate. Like adding like big road runs into there probably wouldn't do that because you adding in that extra mileage, extra poundage going through the lower limb. We want to try and optimize our performance as much as we can. running is going to be involved with your program still. It's just integrated into your pinty conditioning and also your active recovery sessions as well. What methods and tools do you use managing training loads? Do you have any specific ratios, rolling averages, etc. So for conditioning, it would be speed, volume in terms of amount of reps, duration of them reps, and we times that by RP as well. It's quite complicated doing that, especially when we're comparing different kinds of sessions. So for example, if we do 30 second sprints, very low volume and also we do this on the airbike. If we try and compare that with running on the treadmill, it's very hard to do. So instead of like comparing blocks by blocks, we'll just literally compare session by session, week by week, and trying to avoid that increase in 20% in training load. We've also got strength training which is very simple using load times reps and sets equal a tonnage of weights lifted over the strength training sessions. And then for boxing we've got duration of the session times by RP. 90 minute session times by an RP of 8 or9 out of 10. And this is the best and easiest way to monitor your boxing training because it's very important to log your training, to monitor training load, but it's very difficult because you got so many different aspects [clears throat] of it. You've got amount of punches thrown, what kind of sparring that you're doing, whether it's body sparring, technical sparring or open sparring, got heart rate zones. You know, if you're working a more technical session, you might not be working as hard. But then also, you've got like some training sessions where you're beasted. You might throw less punches than you would do in a technical session, but the intensity is quite high. Limit the amount of confusion around the numbers that you're logging. A very simple thing would be training duration times by RP. If you're not a subscriber to our YouTube channel yet, hit that subscribe button so you don't miss out on any future content. Hopefully, see you on the next video.