Kind: captions Language: en Programming tips for boxing. &gt;&gt; How do I design and prioritize exercise needs and programs based on each trainee or individual? So, there's quite a few different steps on how to adapt training methods to an individual. First of all, we highlight strengths and areas for improvement. Taking an athlete through the boxing science testing battery. This is looking at an athletes lower body strength, speed, and power. looking at their rotational strength, grip strength, and also looking at their punch power as well. Before we take them on to our physiological assessments, we have a lactate profile, which is more of an endurance test. Then we have our 30-cond maximal sprints, which is our power endurance assessment. very privileged to be in a position where we've got access to all this kit. But also we have a pretty strong database as well of over 600 athletes, young amateurs all the way through to world champions where we can pinpoint an athletes performance and compare an athletes performance to their peer group. Whether that's a female boxer or a heavyweight professional boxer, we can say this is what the standards that you need to hit. And this is the reason why we have athletes traveling from all over the country also overseas to take part in our testing battery. This can be made available for individual or even group usage. So if you're interested, if you're part of a gym that wants to come down to the boxing science performance center, drop me an email, danny wilson@boxingscience.co.uk. we can offer our individual or group testing and training packages. Back onto this answer is that yeah, we highlight strength areas for improvement, but there's a lot of different things. There's individual characteristics in terms of how available they are for strength conditioning, how bought in they are, what is their training age and status? Are they relatively new to strength conditioning or have they been doing strength conditioning for quite a while and they're hitting really good numbers on the track bar deadlifts, the pressing exercises or squatting exercises as well? We look at their injury history as well. What injuries have they had in the past, whether it's injured shoulder, lower back issues, anything like that can really have an impact on the exercises that have been selected. What's the level of competition? Are we working with an athlete right at the very start of their career or we're working with an athlete that's right at the top end of their career? So many times that we've been brought into world championship title fights for a 10 12 week camp, we're not going to be able to change that athlete 100% within that short window. We needing to get the best out of them. So we need to work towards their super strengths. Whereas like we have a lot of young athletes on the program start working with 18year-old heavyweight Leo Atang. We know that it's a developmental stage and we've got a lot of time to get him to where we need him to be. Rather than trying to peak for every single fight, we know that we've got a long steady run at it to make sure that we're developing them strong foundations for long-term project. Whereas Fabio Wley, for example, he's right at the pinnacle now, world title fights. We're just looking to try and get the best out of him every single fight camp. So then you've got different things in mind. What's their work schedule like? Have they got any other commitments, family commitments, travel commitments to get to your gym? So there's not a black and white answer. There's a lot of gray stuff there that you have to rely on your knowledge, your experience. Even if you're lacking in that knowledge and experience, it's having the conversations with the athlete to find as much about them as possible. That's how we tailor our training. is not only taking it for the boxing science testing battery, but having a holistic approach, looking at lots of different things that can contribute to different exercises being selected, different conditioning methods being selected, which is really vital in let's say how much weight they have to lose. It's a weight making sport. Some athletes need to really crash the weight off in a short amount of time. This means that their energy expenditure needs to be high. Also, we need to avoid putting on any muscle mass because this will affect their ability to make weight. So, there's lots of different things that you got to consider. It's very difficult to answer in one question, but if you're wanting more guidance on this, again, drop me an email, danny wilson boxing.co.uk. We've also got some workshops on the boxing science membership, the train like champion membership, but also we go into this in more detail on our boxing science membership as well. So, if you're interested in any of these, drop me an email, danny wilsonboxings.co.uk or check out the link in description going through to our memberships. So, this question is quite a long one, so I'll keep it quite short. How often should you change your strength training routine or exercises as an amateur boxer? Just for like training in general, you should be changing your training program between every four and 6 weeks, maybe even between 3 and 6 weeks, depending on what training adaptation you're targeting. For maximum strength training, you need a little bit longer. So, you're working between four and 6 weeks. But for strength, speed or maybe even speed strength adaptations, some of our training blocks, especially for professional boxers, between two and 3 weeks. It really depends on the adaptation that you're targeting. And it doesn't necessarily need to be all different exercises, every single block, but a change in approach in terms of the physical adaptation that you're targeting. So you might be targeting maximum strength with the trap bar deadlift and then transferring that into like some strength speed adaptations. So you might be working between three and five reps. 80 to 95% of one rep max and then transferring that to strength speed where you're working between 70 and 80% one rep max again working for three reps but lifting with speed and working at a different velocity target. We can go the other way where we're looking at trap bar deadlift but we're looking for strength foundations or maybe hypertrophy gains where we're working between five and eight reps but at a lower intensity. So it's not just about blocks being quite rigid. It's not about changing the exercises each time, but it's how long that you need to be working on a particular adaptation. From a general rule of thumb, we say for our programs to be between four and six weeks long for very particular plans. So, let's say with our professional boxers, we'll start a periodized plan at the start of camp. And we have very structured cycles to make sure that our athlete is progressing throughout the training camp and achieving peak performance on fight night. Okay guys, that's the end of this video. If you're not subscribed yet, hit that subscribe button so you don't miss out on any future content and also support the growth of the channel. Thank you very much for watching and listening. Hopefully see you on the next episode of the Boxing Science podcast.