Kind: captions Language: en improve posture and shoulder health for boxing. &gt;&gt; Is it important for boxers to work on internal rotation? Very interesting question and it all depends on the athlete. So, we do our shoulder screening at boxing science. We do three kinds of tests. We do the overhead squat assessment which is more of a qualitative assessment looking at movement skills. We look at the ASH test which is the athletic shoulder health screening which we're looking at the difference between the traps and the accelerators of the shoulder versus the lower traps and the roboid muscles and then we look at internal external rotation and we do this using the valve force fin. And actually what we see is that boxers are really individualized in terms of their shoulder stabilization and their shoulder strength. So we have some athletes that might be more upper body dominant versus an athlete that might be loose around the shoulders. We see a big difference. So I would say that boxers are normally stronger in internal rotation than external. But some athletes they whip the punches through and they have quite loose arms. They actually be quite weak in internal rotation. An athletes internal rotation on the right side is often a lot less than the internal rotation on the left side. And it's because like obviously with a jab in internal rotation with a hook internal rotation there and it's got more strengthening around the shoulder versus backand comes from trunk rotation and hip rotation as well. So we've actually find that a lot of boxers need to work on internal rotation particularly on the right side. So some good exercises would be supine isometrics on internal rotation and then just kind of working internal rotation on the eccentric point of view. We like doing the wall iso holds which is predominantly external rotation. We're going to be working them internal rotators to be able to stabilize the shoulder. I think internal rotation can be key but it's often suited towards individual. Asia Divine has asked, should boxers focus on accessory muscles like tight hips and rounded shoulders? If so, how do they include it in their training? Yet, we see most boxers have tight hips. They struggle with postural stability, posterior shoulder strength, and the mobility around the shoulder. How do we use it in training? Well, we use the boxing science warm-up, and we do this every single day. And this is working around them common movement skills and imbalances and then tight areas that we see most boxers having. So we work on rotational mobility, shoulder mobility, hip mobility and also glute strength as well. If an athlete is particularly finding some hip mobility issues or maybe some shoulder issues, we can start integrating this into an extended warm-up exercises such as like banded hip floss, prisoner split squats into their movement routines, putting them as part of their strength workouts, maybe even like a part of a recovery workout as well. If they're struggling with their shoulders, we're looking at mobility exercises. We're looking at posterior shoulder strength such as banded pull aparts, reverse flies, banded face pulls, and also our shoulder isometric exercises. So, yeah, there's plenty of things that you can do to start integrating it into workout, whether you extend the warm up, doing it as an accessory exercise between the key lifts or maybe even putting it in the session alone as your active recovery workouts. I have shoulder instability with a history of subluxation during punching. So this is a a minor dislocation of the shoulder. What is the safest way and most effective way to rehabilitate my shoulder and return to boxing without increasing risk of reinjury? This is very individualized looking at that dislocation of the shoulder. You'll have to go to physio to get some really detailed diagnosis and also some some strength exercises as well. From a general point of view, when I've worked with athletes that have similar problems, it's about increasing the stability around that shoulder blade, curls into a kettle bell hold, bottoms up, shoulder press. This can really help with stability. General strength training around the posterior shoulder, whether that's doing our prone rows, inverted rows, and then doing isolated exercises such as reverse cable flies, single arm cable flies, especially if it's just on one side. doing it isometrics to create real strength and stability around that shoulder and that posterior shoulder. Looking to then transfer that into a boxing movement. And there's two things that you can do here. You can do our punch isometric holds and do this in a range of different movements. This will increase that stiffening upon impact which will help keep that upper limb in a more stable position. and then looking to do some banded decelerations or some over speed training for like medball throws. Obviously, like if you've got a history of subllexation, approach these with caution. Make sure you build up them foundations first in terms of increasing that stability and that strength around the shoulder. Working on that deceleration, how the posterior shoulder, the scapula is is more controlled during a punching action. Punch decelerations looking to improve our ability to decelerate towards a punching target. Then also doing some over speed training such as medball punch throw and then doing a lateral shuffle into a medball punch throw as well. This can really increase that stability around the shoulder because we're looking to decelerate. If we don't decelerate, you're going to get that subllexation problem. Again, got to build up that strength first before you move on to these kind of exercises. But when you're looking to then transfer that into your boxing performance, these exercises will be really beneficial. If you're not a subscriber to our YouTube channel yet, hit that subscribe button so you don't miss out on any future content. Hopefully, see you on the next video.