Kind: captions Language: en Power endurance for boxing. &gt;&gt; Best muscle buffering conditioning you see best for heavy weights in terms of running, air bike or I also see you recommend circuits. I think for power endurance in particular needs to be off feet. So it needs to be either the circuits or primarily working on the airbike. The reason why is because the amount of speed that they need to hit, the amount of force that they need to produce to develop that sort of power and really challenge power endurance won't be achievable during sprinting, whether that's outdoors or whether that's on the curve. And then you outweigh the risk versus reward. There's going to be high amounts of impact forces that a heavyweight boxer will have to deal with when sprinting for power endurance. If you're not even going to be taxing the body sufficiently enough to create that adaptation, the risk versus reward is quite high in terms of high risk, very low reward. With flipping it on its head with airbike sprints, we know that we're going to be able to produce a lot of power without them impact forces being a risk to the athlete getting injured. Then we use power endurance circuits as well. So quite recently we've done this with Fabio Waldley going into his fight with Justice Hun where we're working a range of different powerful exercises that's going to be challenging his ability to produce high speeds and high forces under fatigue and also to remain concentrated under fatigue as well. So this is the reason why we use the blaze pods in between there to keep him switched on whilst he's producing these high force high speed efforts under fatiguing scenario. And this paid dividends in his fight where he got the 10 pound knockout landing the perfect right hand. Okay guys, so that's the end of this video. If you're not subscriber yet, hit that subscribe button so you don't miss out on any future content and also support the growth of the channel. Thank you very much for watching and listening. Hopefully see you on the next episode of the Boxing Science podcast.