Kind: captions Language: en We're going to be sharing with you a very simple but evidence-based method to help increase your punching power for boxing. If you're keen follow boxing science across YouTube or Instagram, you'll seen us do this exercise plenty of times. These are called punch isometric holds. So first of all, why do we use the punch iso holds? Well, during a punch you've got this double peak in activation. This has been seen in this study where it was getting some EMG analysis on muscular activity during a kick on a bag. And what you can see here is that there's a double peak in activation. The first peak in activation is through the initial action, whether that's a hip rotation during a punch. And then you've got a relaxation phase. This relaxation phase is really important to make sure you're staying loose through the shot and delivering that fist as fast as we can towards the target. Well, if we're loose when we're actually coming into the target, whether it that's a bag or pad or a sparring partner or your opponent on fight night, if we haven't got that tension at the end of the action, then this is going to be affecting our impact force, which can affect our punch power, but also can result in injuries. So what we need is something that we call effective mass. This is this full body tension, isometric tension right upon impact. So we try and train this through dynamic isometrics, but doing some punch isometric holds is increasing that snap and isometric tension all the way through the body upon impact. But remember like thinking right, we need to have a play around with some exercises, thinking about how we can increase that tension right at the very end of the movement. So we were doing some landmine punches with isometric holds at the end, but we started having a play about with some punch iso holds. And there's some of this footage here, some grainy footage from the early days of boxing science down at Sheffield City Boxing Club, where we're doing these punch iso holds. We're going with a flat palm for now, focusing on that full body tension right at the very end range of a punch. We then started using it with a fist and start putting that into some warm-ups. You see this picture of me doing it with Kell Brook right before the Golovkin fight back in 2016. And we've been using this as part of a warm-up and also tip phases for the past 12 years. So what evidence do we have that this actually increases boxing performance and it increases punching force? One of our associates at boxingscience.com Mitch Finley, who presented on the boxing science conference 2025, he did some research around this integrating punch iso holds in warm-ups to see the potentiating effect, see whether we can acutely increase punch force. So in the first study in 2022, he looked at the difference between a traditional warm-up, a warm-up with elasticated resistance, and then a warm-up with the punch iso holds. And they found that the biggest increase in punch force was with the punch iso holds. He then followed that up in 2024 looking at the difference between using countermovement jump, which is often seen as potentiating exercise for speed and power, with the punch iso holds. Again, the punch iso holds acutely increase that punching force. So this is showing that the punch iso holds are really effective tool to use for warm-ups for your boxing sessions, for your sparring, and in particular before a bout. How do we use these? Well, we've got two different ways that we use them. Punch iso holds up against the wall using a med ball, and we just use rear hand work. And we can do this at various stages in training camp, whether we do it at the start when we're building up them foundations, during the mid phase where we can do some complexes where we might do a punch iso hold and pair that as a potentiating exercise going into a med ball punch throw, or maybe a landmine punch throw. And then we've got the manual punch isometric holds, not just with the backhand now, but actually getting more specific. We're going through six punch types, well three punch types on each hand, going for some straight arm shots, bent arm shots with the hooks and the uppercuts as well. And this is perfect to use during the latter stages of training camp and also for your boxing warm-ups, bag and pad sessions, for sparring even more important, and then also before a fight. So let's take a look at some practical examples on how we do this. And this is with heavyweight boxer Leo Etang. Okay, [snorts] so here's a quick demonstration on how to do manual punch iso holds. We're going to do three second holds across six different punches. Going to start off with straight punches, go on to the hooks and then uppercuts. So Scott Leo, we've got an easy task of doing it with Leo. Okay, we're going to go for a jab first. Hold it there. And we're looking for full body tension going through the upper limb, core, and also the lower body. We're driving it in. And what's important is that you're getting that full end of range movement. So especially when we're throwing this backhand here, we're looking for that full rotation going through that lower body, feeling it in the core. Let's go. Four, three, two, one. Good. We'll go for the hook. Again, this is going to be where the forearm's going to be parallel with the floor. Shoulder tucked in, all going through the core, going through the lower body, going with the right hook, driving it in. What's important, especially when you're working with strong athletes, is being moving your body round, so you're getting your body weight behind it. So I did it a little bit wrong there where cuz we're just doing it light for now, we're going there. I'd be like more likely to be moving. Yeah, do it again. Moving round to here to get my body weight behind it. Then we're going to go for an uppercut. Again, this is more or less at that end range. We're not going to be too low. We're not going to be way too high. And then we're going here, driving it through. Three, two, one. Good. Some of the key mistakes when doing this is that people go into this position first. So if you're going into a jab there and then pushing into it. So go and push. So there and push and using the body weight. What I want to see is sitting back into that boxing stance. When you're throwing it, you're actually throwing it with speed, boom, and then you're going for that snap. So let's go again. Two, one. Like I said, when you're working with strong athletes, it's going to be hard. So you can either go with two hands, but the problem with sometimes two hands that can make the hand slip off in your direction. So going with single hand would be easier to catch, but having that hand there just for some stability there. Three, two, one. Especially when going from the backhand, what's really important is to cue that lower body recruitment. So when you do that from backhand again, making sure that twisting all the way through. And then again that you're meeting the punch. So now what I'm going to do is just go through that full example, go at full pace like we would do in tip phases and during pre-fight warm-up. Okay? Two, one. Good throwing. Two, one. Three, two, one. Two, one. Two, one. Oh. I'm not even acting that. Good work. [laughter] So what you do there, three second holds on each punch, and you do a total of around three sets of that in your speed strength phases, but then it's fantastic to use during pre-fight warm-up. What's really important with this is that you don't start here, you drop down the med balls too high. You want to try and get your body behind it as much as you can. Turn out start off with because what's really important with this is don't start square on and then just use your body weight there. We'll drop down and then we're twisting all the way through. That's it. Two, one. Good. One in there, square into it. Turn that back foot. Good. Tension, tension. Core tight. Nice work. Well done. Cuz you're more used to like kind of throwing it with a jab, rotating your body fully into it, but also don't bring your elbow out. Make sure you keep your elbow fixed in position. Elbow tucked in. Good. So you should feel it all in your triceps as well. Nice. Good work. Drive it in. Tension going through all lower body, core, upper body. Turn that back foot. Brilliant. Drop down a little bit more. You're a little bit upright on this left side. That's it. Get your whole body behind it. Okay, guys. So hopefully that you've enjoyed this video. And if you like this kind of content, you would absolutely love our Train Like a Champion membership. Basically, the Netflix of boxing strength and conditioning, video workouts, video workshops. You've got our Train Like a Champion programs that you have access to for just £19.99 a month. Or you can get our lifetime membership option. Just click the link in the description to find out more details and sign up today to follow the blueprint to [music] elite performance. Thank you very much for watching. If you're new to this YouTube channel, hit that subscribe button so you don't miss out on any more content. Hopefully see you guys on the next video.