Kind: captions Language: en best way to improve reaction time. So, obviously reaction time is going to be important in boxing where we're going to be reacting as quickly and as effectively as possible to the movements our opponent, whether it's them being attacking or defensive, whether they're throwing punches, combinations, and you're looking to defend, block, and potentially counter as well. But I'd say like a lot of this is ingrained like kind of subconscious activities, decision- making and a lot of anticipation as well. The punch is delivered so quickly. A lot of people get caught with the the punches that they don't see coming. That's because they're not anticipating the shot rather than reacting to it. With this in mind, I wouldn't particularly have a focus on reaction training to try and improve reaction time. But what I would do is look at some sort of concentration drills and concentration drills under fatigue. So a fantastic concentration drill would be like doing a a number grid blaze pod reactive training focus drills whether that's like some sort of brain training app or brain training activities and you can do this incidentary setting doing it away from the gym or you can do this under high pressure or fatiguing situations. This is why we use the Blaze pods in between intervals in our high intensity conditioning. Once an athlete is fatigued, get to the red zone. This is where their concentration and focus is going to be affected. This is where poor decisions and poor reactive time can come into play. So, we use the blaze pods in between and set our athletes score to try and hit. A really big contributors are probably bigger contributors to doing some reaction training is having a set game plan in place and having things that are drilled in the gym then come out in fatiguing situations. Jordan Gil against Karen Gury for the European title. It's a drill of working up against the ropes working on defense like work with his trainer Dave Cowwell. Then he was able to land the punch. it weren't like a a situation that he hadn't drilled in the gym. So rather than thinking right, I'm going to be reacting to the situation, it's being prepared to use that tool when it's needed in the ring. And then also having some positive selft talk there as well instead of having the negative selft talk. You know, I'm feeling tired, my legs are feeling it, I'm breathing heavy, I'm not reacting to shots. The positive self cues will help improve that concentration and reactive time under fatigue. A best example of all these put together is Fabio Wley who is knockout with Justice Hun coming in the 10th round. And this has come from a series of things that have been put into his training camp. The drills that he does with his coaches Ben Davidson and Robert Hodins and Lee Wy as well. He has a clear plan going into them fights. when he's fatigued, he can just reset and think, right, this is a drill that I need to go through. This is something that I practice during training camp. Openly admitted in the fight he was getting frustrated. He had to have a word with himself in the fight and reseted. Came out in that 10th round, really sharp boxing to the game plan. And then also to add a little percentage to helping him in these fatiguing situations, it's using the Blaze Pods in between intervals, having that concentration element and that focus under fatiguing situation and also a high pressure situation. It seems like I've gone a little bit off topic here, but kind of summarize it. Doing reaction training isn't the be all and end all to being focused in the ring. is there's a lot more that goes into it. Having a set game plan, doing the drills in the gym, having that positive mindset during fatiguing situations, then also you've got your concentration under fatigue as well. to add on top of that is to change some of your conditioning drills from doing an airbike or doing some running conditioning where you can take your mind elsewhere but doing some circuit based conditioning where you're having to focus on technique, speed, and power under a fatiguing situation. All these things are really important for you to improve your reaction time in the ring. [Music]