Kind: captions Language: en a very simple, but evidence-based method to help increase your punching power for boxing. These are called punch isometric holds. So, first of all, why we use the punch iso holds? Well, during a punch, you've got this double peak in activation. This has been seen in this study where he was getting some EMG analysis on muscular activity during a kick on a bag. And what you can see here is that there's a double peak in activation. The first peak in activation is through the initial action, whether that's a hip rotation during a punch. And then you've got a relaxation phase. This relaxation phase is really important to make sure you're staying loose through the shot and delivering that fist as fast as we can towards the target. We're going to go for a jab first. Holding it there, and we're looking for full body tension going through the upper limb, core, and also the lower body. We're driving it in. And what's important is that you're getting that full end of range movement. So, especially when we're throwing this backhand here, we're looking for that full rotation going through that lower body. Feel it in the core. Let's go. 2 1. Good. We'll go for the hook. Again, this is going to be where the forearm's going to be parallel with the floor. Shoulder tucked in. All going through the core. Going through lower body. Going with the right hook. Driving it in. What's important, especially when you're working with strong athletes, is being moving your body around, so you're getting your body weight behind it. So, I did it a little bit wrong there where cuz we're just doing it light for now. We're going there. I'd be like more likely to be moving. Yeah, do it again. Moving around to here. To get my body weight behind it. Then we're going to go for an uppercut. Again, this is more or less at that end range. We're not going to be too low. Not going to be way too high. And then we're going here. Driving it through. 3 2 1. Good. Some of the key mistakes when doing this is that people go into this position first. So, if you're going to jab, there, and then pushing into it. So, go and push. So, there and push, and using the body weight. What I want to see is sitting back into that boxing stance. When you're throwing it, you're actually throwing it with speed. Boom. And then you're going for that snap. So, let's go again. 2 1. Like I said, when you're working with strong athletes, it's going to be hard. So, you can either go with two hands, but the problem is sometimes two hands that can make the hand slip off from either direction. So, going with single hand will be easier to catch, but having that hand there just for some stability there. 3 2 1. Especially when going from the backhand, what's really important is to queue that lower body recruitment. So, when you do that from backhand again, making sure that you're twisting all the way through. And then again, that you're meeting the punch. So, now what I'm going to is just go through that full example.