Kind: captions Language: en Plyometrics for boxing. &gt;&gt; How many days per week do you do plyometrics? How many exercises per session or day or ratio between lower and upper body plyometrics? We use plyometrics more or less every single training session which sounds quite excessive but during a full training camp we just change the emphasis in terms of the volume and the intensity of this and also we change the type of plyometrics that we actually use. So for the lower body we use it as a warm-up tool for conditioning for boxing but also using it as a key exercise during our strength and conditioning sessions. So, first of all, for boxing, we'll use pogos, ladder drills, ice skaters to prime that lower body going into a boxing session. We do relatively low volume. We do 10 reps, three sets of each exercise or on the ladders, we'll be doing two lengths, three sets. So, very minimal loading, but enough to potentiate athletes going into their boxing drills. In terms of high-intensity conditioning, we use it as a tool to prime the ankle joint to deal with the high impact forces during high-speed running and high intensity conditioning. So, we'll do short ground contact time work here. some sort of pogo variation, whether that's doing it rhythm pogos, banded pogos, bar assisted pogos, and we paired that with ladder drills or doing some sprint mechanic work, whether that's like some air drives into the wall or doing some escape drills as well and doing some running mechanic exercises. And then for strength and conditioning drills, we use it as an extended warm-up where we'll look to do the long ground contact time work, long stretch shortening cycle where we're looking to increase that rate of force development from the quads, the hamstrings, and the glutes to really fire up that triple extension, the hips, knees, and ankles. We can do a range of different exercises here, whether it's a counter movement jump, loaded counter movement jump, depth jumps, the list goes on. And we do this before we start lifting. So we'll do three to four sets of five repetitions. We paired this with an ice skater or single leg exercise and then perform a punch specific exercise following that as well. in terms of upper body plyometrics punch specific drills whether that's doing the lime punch throw or the medicine ball punch throw the many variations that we put in. So in terms of like the ratio I don't really see it as like a one one or 2:1. It's like literally we do the extended warm-up every single time. We'll do lower body ice skaters and then we'll do the pun specific drills. terms of using it as a a key exercise, we'll only use the upper body plyometrics during speed strength phases. Whether that is a lamine punch throw or medball punch throw variation or we'll do some chest pass work. So doing the banded medball chest pass, really popular tool that we use at boxing science or variation of the plyometric press up. Hopefully that's given you a good overview of what plyometrics that we use, when and how often. If you're wanting to find out more about plyometrics, boxing and combat sports, go and check out our free workshop, only a limited time free workshop on plyometrics for boxing and combat sports. We've had over a thousand downloads of this already. Really appreciate your support and interest in this product, but it's only for a limited time only. So, if you're wanting to get your hands on this, which is a free ebook, a theoretical workshop, and also two practical workshops where you got over 100 exercises, start implementing plyometrics into your strength and conditioning. So, the link is in the description for that if you're wanting to find out more. [Music]