Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Five exercises to increase rotational power. Like we said about Fabio, he was explosive, especially through the lower body, scoring jumps of 49 cm when he first started the boxing size program. Now that is actually 54 cm at 10 kilos heavier which is unbelievable. But what we need to do is transfer that force from the lower body through to the fist. What's really important in transferring that momentum is rotational strength and doing this heavy duty as well. So making sure that we are exposing the core musculature to high amounts of force. So in his rotational strength work, we work on max effort polar presses, whether that's up against the wall or using the cable. Using the cable and polar press form and attaching that to the valve dynometer will give us feedback on the amount of kilos that Fabio's producing whilst also the speed of that as well. So Fabio is having to produce a lot of force in very short amount of time in a rotational fashion. And this is what's going to be able to transfer this force through the core into powerful rotations. And you can see this in his boxing as well. The punches that he landed in his fight against Fraser Clark in his fight against David Adellay. He's got pure rotational strength. And you can see the need for that rotational strength and rotational power work as well. So let's take a look at some pulloff press action whilst also looking at some of the rotational power work that we do using some heavy medicine balls. Let's go. 3 2 1 Good. 44.3. Go. 3 2 1. Good. 45.9. Basically catch it. Overloading that eccentric there. Rotate all the way through. Yes. Love it. Grab it in. Yes. [Music] Love it. Drop it in. Three, two, one. Fantastic. 6.6. Good. Good. When you throw it, don't be leaning to the side. Throw it, but control that because that lateral flexion, that obliques aren't switching on there. Good. Oh, right. Good. One more. Three. Good. Four each side. Four. Yeah, that's eight overall, mate. 41. 41. Keep swapping. Yeah. Alternate. Whip your hip through. So, try and pivot that back foot a little bit more, especially on your right side. That's why it's going further away on your left. Yeah, that's it. Wipe your hip through. See? Stay over it more. So, when you actually twist your hip round, you're going to sit over it a lot more. That's why I didn't travel as far when you slammed it. Going to catch and throw. So, split stance. Yeah. I'm going to throw it to you. You're literally going to catch then throw it. Yeah. You generate a lot of power. A lot a lot of power. Yeah. You can sit into your legs a little bit more. And this like where your jumps with your squats everything. And these are the little things that add the 1%. stability. Good. Good. Keep them hips closed when you're rotating. Dip down. Really get that relationship between your body, your feet, and the floor right. So, boom. It's like it's like the abbreviation of sitting down on your shots. You know, when you're wanting to dig them in, you sit down on your shots. The same with the medball throws. So, this is setting up your camp when we are doing the more dynamic throws that you are sitting down into it a little bit more. Getting more from your legs, more from your hips, transferring that force from foot through to fist a little bit quicker. So, this is like a hot potato. Okay. Get in, catch it, and throw it out your hands quick. Wait. [Music] Okay guys, so that's the end of the video. Thank you very much for watching. Big shout out to Fabio. The work that he's been doing with boxing signs for the last 4 and a half years taken a lot of commitment and dedication. The program's there for everybody to take advantage of, but it's down to Fabio's hard work and his commitment. So, thank you very much for watching. Hopefully, see you on the next video. [Music]