Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Hello everybody. Welcome to Boxing Science. In this video, we're going to be sharing a core circuit for boxing. This is going to be high tension, high intensity core training, which is really important to help boost boxing performance. If you've been in the gym before and you're doing like lots of situps, mushroom twists, you're doing it for high amounts of volume. However, this doesn't replicate the demands of throwing a fast and hard punch. We're looking for maximum rotational force and power to transfer force from the lower body through to the upper body through the kinetic chain. With our core training, we take a high intensity, high tension approach. And this is what we're going to be showing you within this circuit. We're going to be starting off with banded ab wheel rollouts. That's going to be increasing the tension on the eccentric portion ab roll out and then obviously the concentric portion being able to pull it back in. utilizing the lats, utilizing the core to be able to pull that ab wheel back into the starting position. We're then going to move on to some single arm farmer carries. We're going to be using the band variation for this. With the band, this takes any limitations away from grip strength and also upper body strength bias. Holding it into that position, that chaotic nature of the kettle bell being with the band will increase that oblique muscle activation whilst also challenging posterior shoulder stability. We're then going into some Swiss ball dead bugs. This is challenging that hip stability and also overhead strength and stability. And with the core being the key link between the lower body and the upper body and with that Swiss ball in between, this means increasing the amount of tension even though that you're lengthening the range during the deadbug action. And then we're going to move on to our supine core holds. So this is our volume time under tension where we're going to be holding this position for 20 seconds, adding a band to this to increase the tension over that 20 seconds. We're going to perform this circuit with each exercise back to back. Going to rest for a minute and we're going to perform this circuit for four sets. This is easy to put on to the end of your strength conditioning sessions or even at the end of your boxing sessions. So, if you want to give it a go, let us know. Drop your comments in the comment box below. And here are the exercises used in this core circuit. [Music] Heat. Hey, Heat. Heat. [Music] Hey, Heat. Hey, hey, hey. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hey, [Music] hey, hey. [Music] Okay guys, so that's the end of the workout and end of this video. Thank you very much for watching. If you're not subscribed yet, hit that subscribe button so you don't miss out on any future content and also support the growth of the channel. Thank you very much for watching. See you in the next video at Boxing Science. [Music]