Kind: captions Language: en Canelo versus Crawford. Is weight an issue? &gt;&gt; The weight is a key factor in this fight. If you're going to take a welterweight or a super welterweight up to super middleweight and taking on the undisputed champion, most people would be saying absolutely no chance. However, there is some things that are saying like Crawford could be okay at this weight because of how big he is for the weight naturally, but also Canelo isn't a natural super middleweight. Even though he's boxed as high as light heavyweight, he actually started his career down at light welterweight, but this is actually 20 years ago, so we can't really take that into consideration. His first title was at welterweight. His first world title was at super welterweight. This is talking like 15 years ago now. Canelo's frame isn't actually bigger than Crawford's. Canelo is 5 foot8 and so is Crawford. However, Crawford has a 3.5 in reach advantage. So, this is really, really uncommon to see a fighter jump up that many weight divisions, match them for height, but also have a reach advantage. And when you actually look at Crawford's last five opponents, it's very similar to the body frame of Canelo. The last five opponents are welterweight and super welterweight. An average of 5'8 and 69.5 in reach. This is very similar to the size and structure of Canelo. So obviously Canelo has a weight advantage, but in terms of body structure, in terms of his reach and his height, Crawford is quite used to this. So really, if he stays out of harm's way and not be like working on the inside too much, where he's going to be feeling the weight of Canelo's punches, he should be able to be keeping him at arms reach poses then a question of let's have a look at the punch outputs and see whether there's any key trends that we need to look at. &gt;&gt; Do you want the full breakdown to Canelo versus Crawford? Check out the entire boxing science ultimate breakdown with Danny Wilson. The video covers in-depth analysis and insights to help predict what could happen on September 13th. [Music]