Kind: captions Language: en lateral movement for boxing. &gt;&gt; Okay, so this question is is really detailed but might be really helpful for those people that are looking to get stronger hips to try and increase rotational power. My style relies heavily on footwork patterns to create angles, but often find myself not being able to punch or too tired due to weak hips. How do you train the hips to be able to balance in those complex footworks whilst maintaining the possibility of punching back with proper rotational force? So, this is a really good question. It's really specific for Q&amp;A, but I think that a lot of people are going to take a lot from it. So, this fighter, this athlete is struggling with the hip strength to be able to get a certain combination of a very specific outcome. Now, this is something that we talk with our fighters quite a lot. struggling with something in terms of the technical demands. We'll talk to the fighter, we'll talk to the coaches, and we'll try and find some exercises that we can help supplement. Whether it's rotating through the shots, whether it's a shoulder pain whilst doing a jab, whether it's something with the lower body, whether it's helping improving the footwork, go with a very specific outcome, but we have to strip it back with some generic exercises and then transfer that into the specific exercises. and then that specific outcome. So, we're going to go through now with this situation here, looking at generic exercises, then we're going to look at some specific exercises. So, starting off with the generic exercises, if somebody's got weaker hips, we would be looking at a an assessment, whether that's an overhead squat or single leg squat assessment. Quite often in the single leg squat, what we're likely to see is the need to start drifting inwards and also a little bit of hiking of the hips. And this can suggest that an athlete is struggling with their oblique strength and also glute me strength. So the glute me is a muscle that's part of the glutial complex that is just sitting at the side of the hips. And this is important for lateral stabilization and hip rotation. So it's really important for boxers to develop this. However, during general boxing training, it's not really overloaded. it's not really activated and isolated during traditional boxing training. So when they come into the boxing science performance center quite often I'm like right yeah glute me needs to be strengthened. So we can look at some general exercises to try and increase strength of the glute me but also the glute max as well. Let's start with the glute max. So this is your primary hip extensor. Look to improve the strength of the glutes through hip dominant exercises. This can be a trap bar deadlift, but we can try and isolate that hinge a little bit further. Doing Romanian deadlifts, kettle bell deadlifts, isometric hip thrust, banded hip thrust, also doing some single leg hip thrust variations, whether that's doing a hip thrust march or single leg hip thrust with the knee to chest. Then we look to do some glute me work. So we do this in every single warm-up with our banded side clams and also banded lateral walks. But there's also some exercises that we can put in there. Uh a split stance wall rotation really good to really target that the glute me. And then doing some lateral lunges. Doing some offset reverse lunges. This is targeting the glute me whilst also strengthening that single leg in general. Trying to kill two birds with one stone. We're getting the glute meat strong, challenging the lateral stabilizers of the hip whilst also developing strength of the quads, the hamstrings, and also the oblique muscles as well. So these are some key exercises that you can do from a generic point of view and then let's work on the specific. We can do some banded shadow box where we're challenging the lateral stabilizers glute me to contribute to lateral movements. So with the banded shadow box, this is limiting that range in terms of lateral movement and also hip rotation. So we have that extra emphasis in terms of our coaching cues to make sure that athletes are fully extending, fully rotating the hips whilst being quite restricted with the bands. We can do many variations of this. We can do a general going up to a cone doing a lateral pivot. This sounds like this is very similar to your style. A figure of eight drill where we're twisting, we're turning, we're pivoting. We're doing this for an extended period of time. And then we can start implementing the banded shadow box but with a external resistance using the bands around the hips. We can be doing it from the front, the back and we can also be doing it from the side as well. Doing these banner drills are very specific. We can do this as part of a strength speed or speed strength phase tapering in the strength condition gym or you can start implementing it part of your routine in terms of your boxing doing it as part of your warmup. I would suggest to do between 20 and 30 second repetitions, between four and five sets of this. Using the generic exercises and the specific ones will help with that specific outcome in improving your hip strength and endurance whilst pivoting and using your footwork to create them angles and to create rotational power during your punching.