Kind: captions Language: en Having a strong neck is vital for boxing and combat sport athletes because we've seen in the research that neck strength helps reduce the symptoms and likelihood of concussion. There's very limited resources out there. We see some videos of boxers past and present that are doing heavy reps, neck extensions, maybe looking at like Mike Tyson doing the neck bridges, which is later on said that this will contributed towards some neck and back injuries as well. A lot of people don't really know how to put this a part of a training system, how much volume that you should be doing, how intense that it should be as well. So, this is why Gav Pratt, who's a senior director of strength conditioning at the UFC Performance Institute, that's done a range of in-house research at the UFC PI with the top MMA athletes in the world and has developed a next strength training systems that you can essentially start putting into your training programs. In this video, we're going to be sharing with you a taster of some exercises that you can start implementing into your training programs. If you wanting the full workshop on this along with strength and power profiling with Gav Pratt and also Q&amp;A sessions and seminars, you should check out the boxing science online conference. This is from our conference in 2025 where people travel from all over the world to come to the boxing science performance center. Now you've got the opportunity to access all these seminars a click of a button. This is now available. So check out the link in the description where you can download and start learning from the best practices in boxing and combat sports. So putting it around the eyebrows, keeping a golf ball under your chin so that your posture of your neck is almost straight at the back. That's a good cue for posture and it's really hard for athletes to find that. You can see them quite protracted like all the way down here in their chin and then just step out alternating your legs and trying not to let it move your head back like that. So I'll do 10 then on this side above the eyebrows. So just your step out extension same thing. Golf ball under your chin. And that would be part of my warm up. Lie flat. Hands across the chest like you're in a funeral home. and then push up and forward 50%. 3 2 1 When you do that, you should be feeling that through your neck flexors. The second one is much like we did with the isometric mid thigh pull yesterday, 75%. So the cue will be engage, which is touch, build, which is create pressure, and go. Three, two, one. And this is where you want the cameraman to get all your facial expressions during this particular test. Okay. Then the last one is going to be your 100% just for a warm up still though cuz I need people to feel it. Gives me an opportunity to see when they go at 100% whether their head goes back like that. The device of the Iron Neck is that this big bubble here, that's your pump. Okay? Kind of like your Reebok pumps back in the day. That's going to pump it up and create pressure. You don't want to be pumping that more than 10 times cuz if you're pumping it more than 10 times, you're probably just not pushing down hard enough. That creates inflation at the back here. The guidance I usually say to the athletes is you want that to be uncomfortably tight. The small button there is your deflate button. So that brings it back down. So make sure that's fully deflated. When you put this on, you can see this piece here is a bit of foam that comes out because iron neck give you different sizes. There's different head sizes, but that's really important. If you remember the head mass of the males and females, it's going to be a lot of the time to do with size. Pop that on just above your eyebrows. The mistake most people make with this is they try and go too tight, which means they can't fit it onto their head. So, you want to put it on first and then this comes as a secondary tool just to tighten that up. Then this clip will come on. Okay. So, I should then pump that up. And if I've done my exercise right, I'll end up with a nice red spot on my forehead after I've finished. Okay. So, that's super tight. And if I put weight on that, that's not moving anywhere. So when I finish, find your fingers onto the small one, deflate that, and then uncip. You also have on some of them, this one doesn't have it, but some of them you'll actually have a gauge that you can increase tension on. So if you've only got the bungee and you don't have a cable, you can actually increase the tension of that rotation. You've seen those some of those slides. I'm going to put this on. So from there, I'm going to look and try and keep my posture strong. We can do all sorts of things. Okay, so if you're in MMA, tuck the golf ball under the chin. I'm going to shoot for a single and I got to keep my posture there. Or maybe I've just got a medicine ball in and I'm doing some isometric static holds to push. Even if I just step out, hold it, rotate, and then come back, that will light up those flexes, that little rotation. Okay, rugby, takedowns, all those sorts of things. Now, we can get in a quadriped. Now, I'm still working rotation or lateral strength, but I'm adding in another component. You could look at this as part of your activation, maybe your shoulder packing drills like your scapular thoracic strength and stability. We can start looking at that movement and start looking at extension. You could also get something lighter, put them on the back on a GHD and do flexion with bands. Okay, so there's a bunch of things that you can use with these. And then same sort of thing, throw this around the cable, do your lunges, do your side steps, all that kind of jazz. Now, one of the things you can do, I don't know about you guys and girls, but our athletes tend to be pretty jacked up in their necks. A lot of stingers, a lot of compressive forces. So, we don't just need to think of these as being strength related only. We can actually use this as part of that MMA warm-up, the mobilization to start helping them. So, one of the ones that um the athletes really like is the diagonal. Pump that up really strong. I'm going to find my end range and walk out into that end range. Okay, so that's pretty strong there. And then I'm going to look down at my shoulder and try and follow that diagonal line. What you'll also notice is just look at my left shoulder. I'm going to put it on now. Okay, that's what you'll see a lot of athletes do is bring their upper traps into it. So, just get them to relax, open that range. There it is. That's a nice neural floss. So, that's one way to do mobilization. So, come out, find my tension. And now I'm covering all bases. What's this challenging? A little bit more. Yeah, that trunk neck head coupling mechanism. Right. So I got to stay in that position. Just straight at my head just doing this or this. Okay. So we get the guys in Shanghai to be doing this one, right? Little oscillation. Perfect. Thank you, brother. So they get their training partners just to do that and they can just slip one side and start looking at that reactive component. Okay, guys. So that is the end of the video. Thank you very much for watching. If you want the full entirety of this video with more exercises and more explanation of neck training for boxing and combat sports, you should check out the Boxing Science online conference. The link is in the description for more details. Thank you very much for watching. Hopefully see you on the next video at Boxing Science.