Kind: captions Language: en How to train the obliques for boxing. Hello everybody. Welcome to boxing science. In this video, I'm going to be sharing some key tips on how to train the obliques for boxing. First of all, what are the oblique muscles? These are muscles that are just sitting at the side of your core. These are class as lateral stabilizers as they look to try and control lateral movement of the spine but also contribute to rotational movements of the spine as well. Lateral stabilization. This is really important for side bending during boxing. Whether you're doing your slips, your rolls, your counters, side bending is really important but it's really important to not over side bend as well. This can leave us in a technically disadvantaged position. And one of the key roles of the obliques during boxing is its contribution towards torso rotation. That rotational strength and rotational power, it's really vital for that torso rotation to transfer that force through the kinetic chain from foot all the way through to the fist. This is a key link to transfer that force from the lower body through to the upper body. If they're not stable and powerful through this rotation, we're going to see energy leaks. So, this is from technical perspective, but from a physical perspective, we've actually looked at some correlations between a max effort pulloff press isometric assessment. We're looking at peak rotational strength and we've seen that performance on this strongly correlates with performance on the long mine punch throw. increased rotational strength will equate into harder punches. So, this test has been introduced into the boxing science testing battery. Most boxers that come through to do their testing battery for the first time if they haven't been on the boxing science program were often below the average and below the standard that has been set by boxing science athletes. The reason why is because in traditional boxing training in their core training, the obliques are often underdeveloped and underactivated. Think about some of the exercises that you might do in the gym. Might be some side bends, might be some sit-ups with some rotation in there, some Russian twists. Really popular exercise. Even though that these have been beneficial in the past, we're not actually overloading that rotational aspect and really increasing the activation and strength of the oblique muscles. Boxers are really strong through their abdominal muscles. During these exercises such as Russian twist, they are activating prioritizing the strength coming from the abdominals that is taking over the contribution of the obliques. What we need to do is to try and isolate them and also overload them as well. In these example exercises that I just used, boxers can just do reps and reps. that can do 20, 30, maybe even 50 reps on each side doing like an exercise such as Russian twist. The key metric that we're looking for is peak rotational strength and we need to try and increase that and overload that to be able to get physical adaptations to transfer rotational strength and power through to a more powerful punch. So, how do we actually train the obliques? Well, at Boxing Science, we have our four pillars of core training, which is anti-extension, hip flexion with neutral spine. But the main two for the obliques, antiateral flexion, and anti-rotation. Antilateral flexion is resisting lateral flexion of the spine. Anti-rotation is resisting rotation of the spine. Target different exercises in this in three different phases. We use stability, strength, and then power. So stability focusing on very little or no movement isometric pulloff press pulloff press where we're just resisting that movement. We also got farmer walks banded farmer walks and different variations of this to resist that lateral flexion. We've also got side plank in there as well. And then we work to strength which is resisting the movement through increased range of motion. So we're now actually allowed to do rotation, not looking to over rotate. So an example exercise for anti-rotation would be cable rotations. Different variations of the cable rotations where we're looking to overload the centric during a cable rotation, fixing that lower body using a Swiss ball, focus on upper body rotation. Then we've also got seated rotations as well. And then we look to challenge antilateral flexion through the range of movement. We've got rotational plank and we've also got landmine rotations as well. And then we look to increase power force expression done in a rotational fashion but also whilst challenging that anti-ateral flexion standing medall rotational throws split stance rotational throws as well and different variations of the medall throws whether it's from a kneeling position split stance or bilateral standing. And then we've got for the antilateral flexion the rotational slams. We are rotating the spine. The main thing is to resist that lateral flexion when we're going into that concentric phase and also in the eccentric phase as well. Now, we're going to show you several exercises to develop the oblique muscles for boxing and combat sport performance. These video demonstrations are taken from our ultimate coaching for combat sports workshops. If you're wanting to get access to videos like this and also theoretical presentations, you should check out our online course, the ultimate coaching for combat sports, where we share over 10 different workshops where we're sharing the science behind the boxing science training methods and the practical tools where you can start implementing it with your athletes in your training environment. Now enjoy these exercises to help improve and develop the oblique muscles for boxing and combat sports. Shoulders back and down. Arm out. We're going to go for like about 20 to 30 seconds on each side. Again, maintaining that neutral posture. This hands out for balance. And then just having a little touch. Making sure that our core switched on. Making sure we're staying nice and aligned. can do abandoned variation a little bit similar to the pulloff presses where creating that little bit of a bounce increasing that muscular activation. So I'm coming through and you're having to keep that core nice switched on to make sure you maintain that neutral posture. The isometric hold which is great to do on the cables and to do with feedback with a dynometer. Three, two, one. Basically trying to rotate as fast and as hard as we can into there. Can also do that up against the wall is to do it with a medall probably on line with the sternum. Outside of the hand, hands on line with the sternum, center of the chest, head up, two, one. So you probably hold start camp around about 5 seconds holds doing about four reps. Then you go into your higher threshold ones when you're going into like complexes, when you're going into doing isometrics, pairing it up with a rotational throw. So then you go three, two, one. Relax. Three, two, one. So you can do partner resistance. So you can push against me as hard as you can. You started one. Yeah. So you can do longer holds. You can do reactive holds where you're literally jumping into it there. Go. Three, two, one. You got switch on straight away. Go. Three, two, one. Variation in terms of resistance. So, holding it there, you can keep pushing either side. And Ben's having to really switch on his core. Great one to do with large groups is to go against each other, shoulders back and down, and off we go. Started yet? &gt;&gt; No, I hadn't. And if somebody is maybe stronger in the lower body, not as strong in the core, do it all from the knees. So, go on to your knees. There, two, one. There. Three, two, one. And you can do two, one, three, two, one. Holding against there. And then we can do little variations each time. And then we can go more chaotic and the obliques having to really switch on for Ben to try and stay in that center center position there. [Music] having to hold that position straight away. You might want to step in a little bit. Yeah, that's it. Good. Ben's having to really switch on them obliques very quickly. Shoulders back. Yes. Just a little bit more upright. Good. Now rotate into it. Yeah. Feel that a bit more. Yeah. Two. One. Good. Stomach nice and tense there. And off we go. Four 3 two one. Good. All I'd say there shoulder position. Keep a little bit like this. &gt;&gt; Got to keep them shoulders back and down as much as you can. Yeah. Just step out just a little bit this way. No, no. Step that way. That's it. Pull that chest out. Belly button tucked in there. Good. And go. Three, two, one. Feel that a little bit more there. Feel it more in your obliques. And we're going to be controlling that range of motion. Trying to increase range of motion each time without moving the hips. Okay? Not wanting to get the hips involved because we're primarily wanting to work on the oblique strength here. What you definitely don't want to do just have your hips in no man's land there having a little bit of contribution. You want to get your hips through. Make sure they're all the way through. Not just wanting to move your arms. You want a trunk rotation. So you're not wanting to go there. Cable rotations. Naturally, all what's moving is your arms handle on line with the center of your chest. Moving that chest round all the way through. Again, using the analogy for boxes, you got sponsor on your top. You get more money for more people that see it. Swiss ball variation to help lock in that lower body a little bit more. squeezing in the Swiss ball, pushing into the floor. Now, it's it's near impossible for my hips to be moving, contributing to that action. So, I'm going to get a lot more through the obliques here. Work that rotation. Start in a slightly flexed position. Nice and long. Going to repeat it all the way through and come back. 4 3 2 1 push out. 4 3 2 one. So, I'm getting a lengthening of the lats, which is going to be getting my obliques working in there. We're cheating it all the way through to that position. We're locking in the hips there, and then we're controlling it all the way back. So this exercise here is antilateral flexion again. Okay, we're allowing our body to rotate, but the main challenge here is this. Not letting our body flex to the side. Okay, we're also keeping these hips fixed in position. One arm bends, one arm straight. Then bringing it back up into the middle. Chest again. Try and show that logo off on your chest all the way through. Keeping them hips fixing position. If you're wanting to use the hips, use the hips properly. That's where you drop in, drive up, drop in, drive up, drop in, drive up. Then it serves a purpose then because we're actually using it. You don't want your hips to be in no man's land. It's just slightly contributing. Loose arms. Just bringing it down to here. Dragging it back up. Full tension. Pull it down. Drive it back up into center. Pull down. Back up into center. I want you to rotate to the side into a side plank position. Really work onto your feet. Yeah, that's it. And then bang. So even though it's got rotation in the name, that doesn't mean that it's just a rotation exercise. It's actually lateral antilateral flexion. Couple reasons. One, you turn over into a side plank position. So the emphasis is to keep these hips up, obliques having to switch on there to hold that position. Go back. Then the first movement. So if you turn to the other side this time, Ben. So you see this first movement here, Ben's hips shifting across. The challenge there is to pivot. Okay. So go back. So I'd get broomsticks. Basically your challenge there, Ben, pivot within the these boundaries here. Okay. Off we go. Pivot. Pivot. Pivot. Good. Then back. I get a little bit more room. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Pivot. Good. So, what you're doing now, Ben, is just compensating through this back here. So, try and keep your belly button tucked in as you pivot. Yeah. So, you feel it a lot more when you're doing it this way, Ben. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay, guys. So, that's the end of this video. Thank you very much for watching. If you've got any questions, leave them in the comment box below. And like I said before, if you're wanting to get more information about our training methods, go and check out the Ultimate Coaching for Combat Sports online workshops. This is the most popular boxing and combat sports strength conditioning workshops in the world. So go and check out the link in the description where you can access this anywhere in the world. Hopefully see you on the next video at Boxing Science. [Music]