Kind: captions Language: en This is a pad interval workout for [Music] boxing. Hello everybody. Welcome to Boxing Science. In this video, we're sharing a pad interval workout for boxing fitness. This is perfect for amateur or professional boxers that are looking to help improve their high-intensity conditioning or punch output or if anybody's just looking to help improve their fitness during their boxing pad sessions. This is going to be performed in a Tabata style format. A 20 seconds on and 10 seconds off. And we're using fast and powerful combinations in here as well with a 10-second recovery of moving the feet, keeping the shape, and maybe throwing some single shots in there. Now, the reason why this tobata method is so beneficial cuz we're increasing the amount of intensity of that boxing activity, which will help elevate heart rate into the red zone. So, that's above 90% of maximum heart rate. This is where we are optimizing and maximizing our cardiovascular adaptations whilst also simulating conditions of a fight because most of the time in an amateur professional bout athletes are actually in that red zone. In normal pad routines, athletes may struggle to have that intensity in there to be able to elevate heart rate into that red zone, but this workout guarantees that. So you're optimizing the fitness adaptations whilst also improving your boxing performance in high intensity settings and also fatiguing settings as well. We're looking to thrive in the red zone, not just survive in the red zone. So if you're feeling that fatigue and tightness during sparring in your boxing sessions, this workout is perfect for you. So in this video here, we're going to show you a full 3minut round with a timer on there as well. 20 seconds on, 10 seconds off with the different conditions of each interval. I'd suggest to do this three to four rounds. If you're professional boxer, maybe you like to try and do five or six rounds of this. So, let's go and check out the [Music] workout. Hey, hey, hey. [Music] Hey, hey, [Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] Heat. Hey, Heat. [Music] Okay guys, so that is a pad interval right there. 20 seconds on, 10 seconds off. Doing this for a total of six repetitions to complete a 3minut round. Have one minute recovery and then you repeat that for three to four rounds. For amateur boxers, do this at the end of a workout or maybe if you're professional boxer, maybe try five or six rounds of this. Leave your review in the comment box below. If you like this kind of content, hit that like button so you don't miss out on any future content. And also, this workout is actually included in our brand new circuit conditioning for combat sports program. This is an ebook of over 70 circuits, pad interval workouts, bag interval workouts, and also general fitness workouts, including bodyweight circuits, equipment based circuits, and our brand new power endurance circuits. And these circuits are perfect to put in any training environment. They're fun, they're versatile, and they're very challenging to do. So, if you're interested in taking your fitness to the next level, check out the link in description. Currently got 50% discount on this, and it's only available for a limited time only. Thank you very much for watching this video. Hopefully, see you on the next video at Boxing Science. [Music]