Kind: captions Language: en How many days per week do you do plyometrics? How many exercises per session or day or ratio between lower and upper body plyometrics? We use plyometrics more or less every single training session which sounds quite excessive but during a full training camp we just change the emphasis in terms of the volume and the intensity of this and also we change the type of plyometrics that we actually use. So for the lower body, we use it as a warm-up tool for conditioning, for boxing, but also using it as a key exercise during our strength and conditioning sessions. So first of all, for boxing, we'll use peros, ladder drills, ice skaters to prime that lower body going into the boxing session. We do relatively low volume. We do 10 reps, three sets of each exercise. or on the ladders will be doing two lengths, three sets. So, very minimal loading, but enough to potentiate athletes going into their boxing drills. In terms of high-intensity conditioning, we use it as a tool to prime the ankle joint to deal with the high impact forces during high speed running and high-intensity conditioning. So, we'll do short ground contact time work here. some sort of pogo variation, whether that's doing it rhythm pogos, banded pogos, barvis pogos, and we paired that with ladder drills or doing some sprint mechanic work, whether that's like some air drives into the wall or doing some aircape drills as well and doing some running mechanic exercises. And then for strength and conditioning drills, we use it as an extended warm-up where we'll look to do the long ground contact time work, long stretch shortening cycle where we're looking to increase that rate of force development from the quads, the hamstrings, and the glutes to really fire up that triple extension, the hips, knees, and ankles. We can do a range of different exercises here, whether it's a counter movement jump, loaded counter movement jump, depth jumps, the list goes on. And we do this before we start lifting. So we'll do three to four sets of five repetitions. We pair this with an ice skater or single leg exercise and then perform a punch specific exercise following that as well. in terms of upper body plyometrics punch specific drills whether that's doing the lime punch throw or the medicine ball punch throw the many variations that we put in. So in terms of like the ratio I don't really see it as like a one one or 2:1. It's like literally we do the extended warm-up every single time. We'll do lower body ice skaters and then we'll do the punch specific drills. terms of using it as a a key exercise. We'll only use the upper body plyometrics during speed strength phases. Whether that is a landline punch throw or medball punch throw variation or we'll do some chest pass work. So doing the banded medall chest pass, really popular tool that we use at boxing science or variation of the plyometric press up. Pling into your chest. Take the body weight out. Get up nice and high with the reactive on floor. Go straight into all these shuffles. See whether it can get under 7 seconds. Good. Nice and springy. Let's go. Speed. Good transition. Well done. Ooh. 78. Not a bad start. We're going to go for rhythm poses. So, we're going to go for one low to one high. Maintaining short ground contact time each time. Yeah. Yeah. So, low, high, low, high, low, high. So, we're maintaining a very short ground contact time when we're driving off the floor. Low, high, low, high, low, high. &gt;&gt; Not much variation between them. Like literally, when it's low there. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; When it's high, boom, pop off. So, it's low, high, low, high, low, high. So, you're only just getting off the floor. High. Good. Low to high. Yeah, that's it. That's better. Good. Low to high. Low to high. Low to high. Good work. Well done. That'll do you. That'll do you. Step onto the box. Dropping down. Driving up. Real powerful hip extension. Yeah. Nice. 427. Good. 422. A little bit more knee bend. Yeah. 428. Good work. Nice. 42. Good contacts, but you're a little bit high. Didn't do it. I wanted to be low. Quick, quick. Yeah. Stamp on the floor. Look, low is better. Oh, transition. Yeah. Good. Drive it up. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Explosive. Good. Keep your core tight. &gt;&gt; Good. &gt;&gt; Nice work. Well done. you can be danger of is pressing and then your hips going up too quick. That's probably a result of you coming down a little bit too fast on the way down and then you end up like kind of doing like this worm effect. It weren't too bad, &gt;&gt; but just uh keep it solid. Pull yourself down. Let's say 2 seconds on the way down. Then drive it up. Should be a lot more solid through the trunk. &gt;&gt; And go is m you've got more power from that as well. &gt;&gt; Go is &gt;&gt; Yeah. Good. Go. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Good. Go. Is &gt;&gt; good. Keep your core tight. Go. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Nice work. Well done. Down too fast on a squat, it's going to be harder to get out of. Yeah. Just cuz we're doing it a little bit light on a plyometric press up doesn't mean you have to attack it dead quick. Slowly bring it down. Create that stable base. Then drive it up. Yeah. Good. Solid. Solid through your body. Good. Put it down. Pause. Go. Good. Hold. Go. Good. Beat my hands. Go. Good. One more. Go. Nice. Thank you very much for watching. Hit the subscribe button so you don't miss out on any future content and also support the growth of the channel so we can keep bringing you bigger and better content going forward. See you in the next video. Unboxing Science.