Kind: captions Language: en Take your speed and power into the later rounds with this power endurance circuit for boxing. Hello everybody. Welcome to Boxing Science. In this video, we're going to be sharing a power endurance circuit for boxing and combat sports, which is designed to take your power and speed into the later rounds. Recently used with Fabio Waldley going into his fight with Justice Hun where he brought out the perfect right hand in the 10th round. And a lot of his work is around power endurance, whether it's maximum sprints, repeated sprints on the air bike. But in this camp, we also worked on some power endurance circuits. And we're going to be sharing one of these with you in this video. This power endurance circuit consists of just four different exercises. Airbike, standard kettle bell swings, medball slams, and sprinting on the spot. We're going to be performing this for 12 seconds on, 48 seconds off. So this is very much in line with our muscle buffing protocol, repeated sprint protocol that we normally perform on the airbike or on the curve treadmill, but we can use this using some fast and explosive exercises still target that power endurance. Now the reason why we use these circuits is to make sure that we're keeping the high force outputs, high speed outputs, whilst also controlling some sort of technique and concentration under fatiguing scenario. And this is vital to have in the ring. You can feel fatigued, but also have that speed and precision to land the perfect right hand. Going to be performing all of these exercises back to back. Once you've done one full set, you then repeat the full set without rest. A great tool to use during this are the Blaze pods as well to keep that concentration under fatigue. And it's also vital as well to take some metrics on this. On the air bite, we're looking at maximum power. on the med ball slams and kettle bell swings. We're looking for as many repetitions as possible. So, we're really making sure that Fabio is producing much speed and power and intent into that short window of opportunity there. So, let's take a look at these exercises for you to start putting into your programs to help improve your power, endurance, and take that power and speed into the later rounds. Get ready. Airbike sprint. Rest. Heat. Hey, Heat. Banded kettle bell swing. Rest. Hey, hey, hey. medicine ball slams. Rest. Sprint on the spot. Okay guys, that's the circuit. If you're wanting to get your hands on more circuits like these, whether it's for power endurance or red zone conditioning or looking to try and spice up some of your boxing workouts, go and check out the brand new circuit conditioning for combat sports program. We've got over 70 of these kind of circuits that you can start implementing into any training environment. These circuits are designed to help improve your highintensity performance, increase your punch output, and also take that power and speed into the later rounds. So, go and check out the link in the description, use the discount code boxing science 50 to get 50% off this program as well and start taking your fitness, speed, and conditioning to the next level. Guys, thank you very much for watching. If you're not subscribed yet, hit that subscribe button so you don't miss out on any future content. If you like this kind of content, hit the like button. You don't miss out on any future content and also support the growth of the channel. Thank you very much for watching. See you in the next video. Boxing science.