Kind: captions Language: en This is a power endurance air bike workout for boxing and combat sports. &gt;&gt; Are you a fighter that gasses out during sparring or competition? This might be the perfect workout for you as we're targeting power endurance for boxing and combat sports using our most brutal and effective conditioning protocol on the assault bike. This is our 30-second max effort sprint protocol where we have 3 minutes recovery and we're performing it four times. So we're improving aerobic capacity with just two minutes of work. Even though that this is quite anorobic in nature in terms of that the lactate levels are going to be high, the pain thresholds can be high as well. And we're also hitting max out efforts. This is actually targeting aerobic capacities. It's looking to improve our ability to extract and utilize oxygen at the muscle cell. The science behind this is quite complicated. That's why we package this up in our education or our conditioning programs. Basically, this is going to be targeting power endurance, the ability to produce max effort, that max power output on the airbike, and we're trying to endure that over that 30 seconds. And then we're going to try and repeat that over a series of four repetitions. So, for example, in this session here, we're looking for a max out effort and try and maintain that power over 60%. Now, if you're somebody that is looking to put this into a conditioning plan or into a workout, go and check out our program, Assault Bike Conditioning for Combat Sports where you get access to a range different workouts put into structured format to help improve your power endurance to transfer into your boxing or combat sport performance. Currently got 50% discount on this. Go and check out the link in the description. Now, in this session, we're going to be doing this with super welterweight prospect Ishmael Davis. Coming off the back of two really high-profile fights is going straight back in into a really important title fight, and we're looking to try and improve his ability to work through the gears and be explosive under fatiguing scenarios. In this session, we're going to be doing the 30 secondond max out sprints on the airbike. But before that, it's really important to work on mobility and potentiate to really fire up to make sure that getting the maximum efforts during the air bike session. So, we're going to start off doing our mobility routine. Then going into potentiation circuit, reactive strength initially, then we're going to do some count movement jumps, some medall slams to really fire up that nervous system. Ready to go into some max out effort sprints on the airbike. We start to warm up, priming the central nervous system again by doing some 10-second max out sprints before going into our 30-second max out sprint protocol. Guys, let's go and check out the workout. If you've got any questions, leave them in the com box below. And like I said, if you're wanting to put this into a program, go and check out the salt bike conditioning program for combat sports. Go, go, go, go, go, go. Yeah, nice. 289. &gt;&gt; Good. 274. Knees slightly bent. There we go. There we go. Yeah. Good. 274. That better. Move a little bit further back. Yeah. So, you got a floating heel. Good. Quick contacts. Quick contacts. Good. Get the bounce. Spring that momentum. That is stiff. Drive through it. Yeah. I want to hear a little bit more noise. Get a little bit more bounce from it and just lose that heel from going down. Yeah. The floating heel's important to get that cough activation, but also don't allow your heel to drop. Yeah. Drive off it. Yeah. And time 280. Yeah. 296. All right. Time 280. Yeah. Nice. Good. 287. Yeah. Time 288. The start camp in 230. 290. Nearly nearly maxing out. Get a new set of scales. Rhythm. [Music] Rhythm. Beautiful stuff. That's loads better. Well done. Midoot loves better. Well done. Time. Good work. 587. Good. 59. 635. Just off your record, man. Little dip of the hips and knees. Drive both palm two toes. Let's slam it down. Don't jump into it. Yeah. Good. Don't even have that much of a dip there. &gt;&gt; Little dip and go. Good. [Music] Good. Nice work. 60.1 good 62 in this part of training camp we haven't even gone into our speed and power phase doing a lot of jumping work and everything that explosive work going to see some PBS this camp mate yeah that's it that's it so it's 30 seconds on 3 minutes off high600700 try and keep that over 1100 today. Anything else on there is a bonus. We got four reps. Put you all into it. Yeah. [Music] It's all about this third and fourth rep where you can make the real difference and see a big difference between where you started camp and where you are now. Really attack it even though you're fatigued. This is what we've been training for. High force, high speeds under fatigue. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. N. [Music] you at the start of camp versus today. Much higher peak speed, better peak and you're maintaining. likewise on this as well. But also, not only that, it's 7% better. Also, your lactates more control. So, you're hitting like an 18 there and you were able to go again on that first time that you did that. You only did three reps. You hit 21 mill per liter where your legs were on the floor. Like literally, you wouldn't being able to get on the air bike. The perfect building block going into this next phase here. So, all good. Well done. Okay guys, so that's the end of the workout. Big shout out to Ishmail for putting his body on the line to perform that workout. Made some big improvements in very short window. And like I said in the introduction, if you are a fighter that is currently struggling to transfer their running based fitness into the ring, whether it be sparring or competition, this might be the missing link for you. Some max effort sprints. And it's quite difficult to understand the science and the concept to put it into a structured program. That's why we've created the salt bike conditioning for combat sports program. The link is in description. Currently at 50% discount. If you're not a subscriber to our Boxing Science YouTube channel yet, hit that subscribe button so you don't miss out on any future content. And hopefully see you on the next video of Boxing Science. [Music]