Kind: captions Language: en Hello everybody. Welcome to the Boxing Science podcast. This is episode 75, a long overdue Q&amp;A session. We've been receiving your questions across our YouTube community tab. And in this episode, we've got some fantastic questions all around strength conditioning for boxing and combat sports. So, let's get into it. Okay, so question from Burger Burger 33. Doing max strength for lower body, do you use safety bar squat or do you do Bulgarian split squats with dumbbell to protect the lower back? Interesting question because we see a lot of boxers using the safety bar. We use it at boxing science quite a lot with athletes that might be struggling with that external rotation range. Basically, they feel really uncomfortable being this position. Then they start flaring the back and this is where we can start seeing athletes get low back injuries during squatting. But if an athlete shoulder range is pretty good, we actually see like in some research trunk activation is increased during the normal barbell squat versus a safety bar squat. So with this increase in trunk activation, this is actually going to be protecting the lower back more than a safety bar squat would. Also in our in-house research, we see that reduced velocities, especially at increased loads on the safety bar squat versus a back squat. Main reason for doing the back squat would be to increase lower body rate of force development. We wanting to increase trunk strength and conditioning and then to be able to transfer that into the punch. we would choose the barbell squat over the safety bar. But if an athlete is finding that quite difficult to be in that position because of past shoulder issues, we would be using the safety bar squat instead. So it all depends on an athlete. Now I said about the Bulgarian split squat. This is exercise that we don't really use with boxers. The reason why is because you really need good hip mobility. And we find with overhead squat assessments that we do at boxing science that most boxers don't have that hip mobility. the risk versus reward and the high eccentric loading during Bulgarian split squats make this an exercise that we don't really want to do on our single leg exercises. We'll use goblet split squat, goblet reverse lunge, dumbbell step-ups instead over a Bulgarian split squat variation. Next question. Is it important for boxers to work on internal rotation? Very interesting question and it all depends on the athlete. So, we do our shoulder screening at Boxing Science. We do three kinds of tests. We do the overhead squat assessment which is more of a qualitative assessment looking at movement skills. We look at the ASH test which is the athletic shoulder health screening which we're looking at the difference between the traps and the accelerators of the shoulder versus the lower traps and the roboid muscles. And then we look at internal external rotation. And we do this using the valve force fin. And actually what we see is that boxers are really individualized in terms of their shoulder stabilization and their shoulder strength. So we have some athletes that might be more upper body dominant versus an athlete that might be loose around the shoulders. We see a big difference. So I would say that boxers are normally stronger in internal rotation than external. But some athletes they whip the punches through and they have quite loose arms actually be quite weak in the internal rotation. An athlete's internal rotation on the right side is often a lot less than the internal rotation on the left side. And it's because like obviously with a jab in internal rotation with a hook internal rotation there and is got more strengthening around the shoulder versus backand comes from trunk rotation and hip rotation as well. So we've actually find that a lot of boxers need to work on internal rotation particularly on the right side. So some good exercises would be supine isometrics on internal rotation and then just kind of working internal rotation on the eccentric point of view. We like doing the wall iso holds which is predominantly external rotation. We're going to be working them internal rotators to be able to stabilize the shoulder. I think internal rotation can be key but it's often suited towards individual. How do you interpret the metrics obtained from the 30 secondond maximum sprints? What training adaptations do you make based on different results? So, this is a fantastic question. The 30 secondond max out sprints is something that features quite a lot on our boxing science YouTube channel. And the reason why is because these are brutal but highly effective. We use this as part of our training to increase an athletes power endurance but also to increase peripheral adaptations which is vital for aerobic performance. But we also use this as our power endurance test during the boxing science testing battery where we're testing athletes ability to produce high intensities and have the ability to endure them over the 30 seconds. They have the 3 minutes recovery and we challenge their ability to repeat that. With this we take their what's what they're performing at at 7 seconds, 17 seconds, and at 27 seconds. And what we're looking at is how much an athlete can produce in terms of power, their ability to maintain that over the 30 seconds. And with this, we're wanting to see a wattage around about 18 watts per kilo. That's our boxing science standard. And we want to try and keep them above 60% of their max wattage. So, for example, if an athlete hits a th00and, we try and keep them above 600 watts. We can highlight what kind of conditioning that athlete needs to do. If an athlete has a spike profile where they're literally going at a real increase intensity, much higher than the standard, but we see a very significant drop where they might be hitting 50% or maybe even 40% of their maximum power. This athlete definitely needs to be working on their power endurance. So, we're likely to give them 30 second sprints or different variations. Our cluster sprint variations of 20 seconds on, 20 seconds off, then 20 seconds on again before having a three minute recovery will help increase that intensity and maintaining that power. Or maybe even our clustered variations where we're doing 10 seconds on, 10 off times three. So, we're splitting up the 30 seconds into three 10-second sprints. And this is what we need to be able to maintain that power. If an athlete might come in that has more of an endurance profile, they'll hit way below the standard of peak power, but they'll be able to maintain their peak power quite well. With this kind of athlete, they need to start unlocking that speed and that power under high intensity situations. So very likely with them is to do with something as little as 10 second sprints with 50 seconds recovery to try and unlock that power using our pyramid hit conditioning getting some like central and also muscle buffering adaptations where they're learning how to unlock that power. That's what we do with them athletes because if we did the 30 secondond max out sprints with athletes that have a quite flat profile, very endurance profile, they won't get the benefits from these 30 secondond sprints. The most perfect one that we can have is somebody that hits exactly the same trend as our boxing science standard, i.e. hitting 100% of the maximum power and keeping it above 60%. Whether they're below the standard or above the standard, they're prime and ready to do them 30 second max out sprints and really benefit from them as well. So yeah, that's how we use our 30 secondond wing gates. If anybody's interested in finding out more about this, should check out our online education program, the ultimate coaching for combat sports, we currently got a sale on this which giving you massive discount and it's giving you access to our highly popular workshops a click of a button and can be accessed anywhere in the world going from strength conditioning, plyometrics, core training, but in this question in particular, testing and profiling and also conditioning methods as well. Check that out. The link is in the description. Asia Divine has asked, should boxers focus on accessory muscles like tight hips and rounded shoulders? If so, how do they include it in their training? Yet, we see most boxers have tight hips. They struggle with postural stability, posterior shoulder strength, and the mobility around the shoulder. How do we use it in training? Well, we use the boxing science warm-up, and we do this every single day. And this is working around them common movement skills and imbalances and then tight areas that we see most boxers having. So we work on rotational mobility, shoulder mobility, hip mobility and also glute strength as well. If an athlete is particularly finding some hip mobility issues, or maybe some shoulder issues, we can start integrating this into an extended warm-up exercises such as like banded hip floss, prisoner split squats into their movement routines, putting them as part of their strength workouts, maybe even like a part of a recovery workout as well. If they're struggling with their shoulders, we're looking at mobility exercises. We're looking at posterior shoulder strength such as banded pull aparts, reverse flies, banded face pulls, and also our shoulder isometric exercises. So, yeah, there's plenty of things that you can do to start integrating it into workout, whether you extend the warm up, doing it as an accessory exercise between the key lifts or maybe even putting it in the session alone as your active recovery workouts. Okay, so a question from love_boxing science, obviously a big fan of the channel, asks many questions on these podcasts. So thank you very much for your support and this question is around how to target red zone or central adaptations for heavyweight boxers especially on the air bike feeling quite fatigued lower body lactic response everything like that can block an athletes ability to reach the red zone and this is something that we find quite often mentioned many times on these podcast channels the reason why we don't particularly use cycling as a conditioning tool because the boxer might not just heavyweight but most boxers might find it difficult to reach the red zone because their lower body strength, strength, endurance, and their cycling efficiency might affect their ability to get up into the red zone. This is why we use different variations such as using the altitude tent. People listening or watching this will not have access to an altitude tent. But a few tricks that you can do, one is do a preloading set before doing some Tabata or Euro intervals. If you're doing a 4minute interval, start off with a one minute more intense preloading and then go into your 20 seconds on, 20 seconds off, or your 30 seconds on, 15 seconds off, and split that in. You could even do over a 4m minute interval preloading, do four 20 seconds on, 10 seconds off intervals, and then finish off with a 50-second allout blast. increase preloading, get that heart rate elevated, reduce that lactate accumulation through having some rest intervals, having the intensity quite high to be able to reach the red zone, then kick on and get up into the red zone. So, if you are doing your typical central adaptations of 4 minutes on, 2 minutes off, start splitting up your intervals like that. Also, you can try out our pyramid workouts such as our on the minute, every minute. This is very likely to get you up into the red zone. And also we've got our pyramid hit workouts where we go from four minute intervals to two minute intervals, one minutes down to 30 seconds. We've got our assault bike conditioning program and we've also got our brand new 6 week strength and conditioning program. Unlock your potential. These kind of workouts in there and going to be perfect for you to reach that red zone, get them central adaptations whilst being on the air bike. I have shoulder instability with a history of subluxation during punching. So this is a a minor dislocation of the shoulder. What is the safest way and most effective way to rehabilitate my shoulder and return to boxing without increasing risk of reinjury? This is very individualized looking at that dislocation of the shoulder. You'll have to go to physio to get some really detailed diagnosis and also some some strength exercises as well. From a general point of view, when I've worked with athletes that have similar problems, it's about increasing the stability around that shoulder blade, curls into a kettle bell hold, bottoms up, shoulder press. This can really help with stability. General strength training around the posterior shoulder, whether that's doing our prone rows, inverted rows, and then doing isolated exercises such as reverse cable flies, single arm cable flies, especially if it's just on one side. doing it isometrics to create real strength and stability around that shoulder and that posterior shoulder. Looking to then transfer that into a boxing movement. And there's two things that you can do here. You can do our punch isometric holds and do this in a range of different movements. This will increase that stiffening upon impact which will help keep that upper limb in a more stable position. and then looking to do some banded decelerations or some over speed training for like medball throws. Obviously, like if you've got a history of subllexation, approach these with caution. Make sure you build up them foundations first in terms of increasing that stability and that strength around the shoulder. Working on that deceleration, how the posterior shoulder, the scapula is is more controlled during a punching action. Punch decelerations looking to improve our ability to decelerate towards a punching target. Then also doing some over speed training such as medball punch throw and then doing a lateral shuffle into a medball punch throw as well. This can really increase that stability around the shoulder because we're looking to decelerate. If we don't decelerate, you're going to get that subllexation problem. Again, got to build up that strength first before you move on to these kind of exercises. But when you're looking to then transfer that into your boxing performance, these exercises will be really beneficial. I saw a video where you recommend four to five boxing sessions, two to three conditioning sessions, two to three strength and one recovery session. Should we also be running too? So your running is part of your conditioning. So you do two to three highintensity conditioning sessions. Whether you do that on the airbike or the treadmill or the curve treadmill, that's what I'd consider as your conditioning. For your active recovery, that's either one or two sessions per week. And we would be doing that predominantly on a treadmill. We can do this off feet and do this on a W bike. Some people like to do this out on the road, but I prefer to do like an active recovery session, control paces, and making sure this is in zone three, so around about 60% your maximum heart rate. Like adding like big road runs into there. Probably wouldn't do that because you're adding in that extra mileage, extra poundage going through the lower limb. We want to try and optimize our performance as much as we can. Running is going to be involved with your program still. is just integrated into your pinty conditioning and also your active recovery sessions as well. Okay, so this is an interesting question. Should you be in the red zone during muscle buffering? This all depends on the exercise that you're doing, protocol that you're doing. So for example, 2 minutes on, 2 minutes off, very likely to take the red zone in that. Whereas like on your 12 seconds on, 48 seconds off, there's not enough volume in there where you should be hitting the red zone. Even on the 2 minutes on, 2 minutes off, it's all dependent on the athlete. If the athlete needs to be working on central adaptations, they're more or less going to be in the red zone during that. If an athlete is predominantly needing to work on muscle buffing adaptations, they're very likely to get their lactate to a level too high whilst in that red zone. So, it's all dependent on the individual. A good gauge would be between 85% and 90% maximum heart rate. But a better gauge would be to use RP, rating of perceived exertion. And it's a rating between zero total rest and 10 extremely hard exercise. For muscle buffing, we've seen that to get the lactate to between 10 and 40 mill per liter is around about a seven or eight out of 10. Yeah, you can use your heart rate be between 85 and 90% of your maximum heart rate, but the best gauge that you can use if you're not using blood sample using blood lactate would be between 7 and 8 RP. So hopefully this helps you and this is applied to all different kinds of muscle buffering activity that you're doing. So the last question is what methods and tools do you use managing training loads? Do you have any specific ratios, rolling averages, etc. So for conditioning it would be speed, volume in terms of amount of reps, duration of them reps and we times that by RP as well. It's quite complicated doing that especially when we're comparing different kinds of sessions. So for example, if we do 30 second sprints, very low volume and also we do this on the airbike. If we try and compare that with running on the treadmill, it's very hard to do. So instead of like comparing blocks by blocks, we'll just literally compare session by session, week by week, and trying to avoid that increase in 20% in training load. We've also got strength training which is very simple using load times reps and sets equal a tonnage of weights lifted over the strength training sessions. And then for boxing we've got duration of the session times by RP. 90 minute session times by an RP of 8 or9 out of 10. And this is the best and easiest way to monitor your boxing training because it's very important to log your training, to monitor training load, but it's very difficult because you got so many different aspects of it. You've got amount of punches thrown, what kind of sparring that you're doing, whether it's body sparring, technical sparring or open sparring, got heart rate zones. You know, if you're working a more technical session, you might not be working as hard. But then also, you've got like some training sessions where you're beasted. You might throw less punches than you would do in a technical session, but the intensity is quite high. Limit the amount of confusion around the numbers that you log in. A very simple thing would be training duration times by RP. Okay guys, so that brings us to the end of this week's episode of the Boxing Science podcast. Thank you very much for your questions. Thank you very much for listening or watching. If you're not a subscriber to our YouTube channel yet, hit that subscribe button so you don't miss out on any future content. Hopefully see you on the next video.