Kind: captions Language: en So, just a few weeks ago we posted this video. Our very first boxing science versus AI video because athletes and coaches and general gym goers are now looking to sources like ChatGPT and AI resources to get more information what an exercise does, certain training methods, or even delivering their workouts. And even though it can be a really useful tool, we've got to challenge it to make sure that it's giving you the right information. And we showed in the first episode where we looked at the strength training methods that there was some that we still disagree with in putting in terms of a boxing strength and conditioning program. So, in this episode we're going to be looking at the conditioning methods ChatGPT has ranked as the top 10. Excluding all the bag, pad, sparring work because we're looking at the exercises outside of the gym. Often at Boxing Science we get asked, "What do you think to conditioning methods such as cycling and rowing and swimming?" Well, in this video we're going to be ranking these conditioning methods using our chart again from superior down to E, giving you our opinion based on the evidence-based research and also knowledge and experience of working with the top-level boxers over the past 12 years. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; So, number one is probably the most debated area between the new school and old school is outdoor running. So, you see the champions of old, Mayweather, Pacquiao, even Muhammad Ali doing the hard miles out on the roads. And this old school method probably the last to kind of die out. And there's areas where outdoor running can still take place in boxing, but we need to make sure that it's done in a controlled way. At Boxing Science we obviously look to do high-intensity interval training, predominantly doing it on the treadmill or on the curved treadmill because on outdoor running we find it very difficult to manage the intensity due to natural pacing. We also are going to be experiencing high impact force, especially on the hard tarmac surfaces. Going for long runs often where in no man's land because we're not optimizing our recovery. We're also not optimizing the physical adaptations. A lot of our boxers still like to do road runs as part of their active recovery, but we make sure that they're not going over 80% of their maximum heart rate because we're wanting to stay under that to stay underneath the lactate threshold to make sure that they're working on aerobic endurance whilst also burning calories, which is going to be great for athletes that are making weight. But then also they're not getting too fatigued for their subsequent training where they're doing sparring, pad work, and also doing the strength and conditioning as well. With all that in mind, we're going to put outdoor running in at a C. Obviously it can go various ways. It could go upper level if it's done in the interval format or doing it as active recovery. Could also go down a few levels as well if it's done in that no man's land if you're just running for miles and miles and putting miles on the clock during training camp. Outdoor running goes in at C. Treadmill running. This comes in at S, superior. We prefer treadmill running at Boxing Science, whether it's a motorized treadmill or the curved treadmill, because we can monitor and control intensity to really target adaptations. Whether we're looking to work in the red zone for our central adaptations, work in our muscle buffering capacity zone where we're looking at blood lactate being between 10 and 12 mmol/L, or doing our sprint interval training, which we sometimes do on the assault bike, but we also can do it on the non-motorized treadmill. Treadmill running goes in at superior. This is our preferred running-based method to get our boxers fitter and faster for boxing performance. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Next up is swimming for boxing. Now, this is something that comes up quite often. Is it beneficial or not? Now, you've seen some videos here of Wladimir Klitschko and Oleksandr Usyk that are using swimming for their conditioning. Not quite sure where they're using it. If they're using it for recovery, brilliant. But if they're using it for high-intensity adaptations that can transfer through to the boxing, they've got to be pretty proficient at swimming. Now, these are supreme athletes. So, they've probably been doing swimming most of their life and most of their career. So, they might be able to swim with the correct technique and intensity to be able to reach them physical adaptations. Whereas most boxers, if they are not really strong swimmers and not really efficient, they might not be able to swim at the intensity to target the adaptations that are needed. Whether they're looking at red zone adaptations or sprint interval training, we can control this much better using the assault bike and using treadmill-based sessions. Even though swimming can be a really good conditioning tool, off-feet conditioning tool, it's not going to meet the demands that are needed, the high-intensity demands that can transfer through to your boxing. With that in mind, I'm going to put swimming in at D, but it can be useful as a recovery whether you want to do a 20 or 30-minute swim once a week. I wouldn't use it as a primary conditioning tool just because it's not going to meet the high-intensity demands that you're going to face on fight night. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; The cycling for boxing, is it beneficial? Now, this is something that we've covered on the Boxing Science YouTube channel quite often. And cycling can be beneficial for active recovery sessions. It can be used for high-intensity conditioning, but making sure that we apply it in the right way. A little bit similar to the swimming scenario, boxers might not be as proficient in their cycling technique, their lower body strength endurance might be a block on the intensity that they can reach whilst on the bike. So, this might limit our ability to get up into the red zone or be able to work at intensity to get the lactate levels high for sprint interval training and our muscle buffering conditioning. So, when we're doing our Wattbike sessions for red zone conditioning, we use pyramids and different variations of our red zone interval training. This is getting athletes to work at slightly higher intensities with a period of lower intensity cycling to reduce that lower body fatigue whilst maintaining a high heart rate. We also use the Wattbike in the altitude tent to increase the cardiovascular demands so they're able to increase their heart rate whilst on the Wattbike and also just using the Wattbike for active recovery sessions only. Plenty of benefits, plenty of cons and adaptations that you need to make. I'm going to put in cycling in at C. Okay, quick interruption there. Hopefully enjoying the video so far. Like I mentioned before, the Boxing Science versus AI series were really popular in the last video. But what we noticed on the analytics that only 40% of the viewers actually subscribe to our channel. That meant that a massive 60% were new people that don't subscribe to the channel. We're wanting to grow Boxing Science to help deliver bigger and better content for you. So, if you could do us a quick favor, hit that subscribe button, help the growth of the channel, and don't miss out on any future content. Right, let's go back to the video. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Next up is the assault bike. So, if you're keen Boxing Science subscriber, you won't be surprised at where we're going to be ranking this one. This is going in at superior because the assault bike is a versatile full body conditioning tool that can be integrated into our circuits, into our red zone conditioning, our muscle buffering conditioning, repeated sprints, but in particular our sprint interval training. This is where we're doing 30-second max out efforts with 3 minutes recovery. The reason why we use the assault bike particularly for this adaptation, we normally do this on the curve, but on the curved treadmill there's particular risks involved with high-speed running, especially under fatigue. And also we found that the decline in speed and intensity during the sprints was reduced a lot by using the assault bike. Able to maintain a higher intensity for longer. We've seen higher lactate values so we know that our athletes are able to push their body to limit to get the increased adaptation. And this is all whilst reducing them impact forces and reducing injury risk that high-speed running can hold. Reducing the risk and increasing the reward. So, we're getting more bang for our buck. So, the assault bike for our conditioning methods is going in at superior. Next up is circuit training. This is going in at A. Not quite superior, but we use circuit training quite often at Boxing Science where the athlete is starting camp, when they're looking for a different conditioning tool, maybe they're coming in a little bit heavy and we're wanting to reduce their running-based activities whilst also targeting red zone adaptations. And also looking for particular adaptations where the an athlete needs to work on their concentration, their skill, and their speed under fatiguing situations. There's a range of different circuits that we use at Boxing Science, whether it's targeting red zone adaptations or looking at power endurance circuits. If you all want to find out more about circuits, go and check out the Boxing Science website where we've got our circuit conditioning for combat sports program. We've got a range of different circuits. I think we've got over 50 circuits. And this includes red zone, power endurance, bodyweight circuits, and also our boxing specific circuits. So, go and check it out. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Rowing for boxing, this is something that is being mentioned quite often. I'm going to put this in a E. I wouldn't get many boxes rowing. Even though we've seen like some champions use rowing in the past, a lot of boxes struggle with their postural stability. We've seen this through the overhead squat assessments. We've seen it through their ability to pull heavy weights or do pull-ups. So, when doing rowing, if their posterior shoulder strength and posterior strength isn't as good, this will lead to compensation patterns especially under fatigue. So, even when they're doing sprint training, they won't be proficient enough to be able to increase that intensity and that speed and also during like longer red zone intervals, their body shape will change. So, I think that I'm scoring it quite low here, not as a conditioning method for athletes in general, just for my experience of working with boxes. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; The prowler or sled for boxing, put it in at D. Even though we've used it at Boxing Science at various times, whether it's for 30-second max out sprints or doing it as part of circuits, the sled can be not as accurate as using the assault bike, using the treadmills. It can be quite difficult to load up. Certain percentage of body weight might differ between different athletes based on their strength levels. You don't want to be doing the sled too slow. Also, you don't want to be doing the sled for too short a distance and there's not many gyms that boxes have access to where they've got a long track to be able to keep pushing against prowler. So, yeah, I think it's just a little bit too random for me to put this as a high level even though there is some uses in terms of acceleration and sprint interval training and muscle buffering conditioning, it can be quite useful. It's just a little bit random start putting into athletes' programs. So, this is why it's in at D. Okay, so hill sprints for boxing. Now, hill sprints can be a good tool for outdoor running. If you haven't got access to the assault bike, the treadmill, the the curve as well, sprint training is going to be beneficial for acceleration power. Repeated sprint training is good for muscle buffering conditioning. To do this on a flat surface, this is increasing injury risk and also we're wanting to provide a little bit more load going through lower body. So, hill sprints can be beneficial. The only thing is is working out the duration to make sure that you're not training no man's land. I've worked with a lot of boxes that are going on a hill that's too steep and too short. I've seen the heart rates and the RP at the end. They're almost like working too hard too soon. They're not able to do the amount of reps and also not doing it for long enough duration. So, what I would do is look for muscle buffering conditioning between 15 and 20 seconds of activity with a minute and a half to 2 minutes rest. Obviously, this might mean that a a boxer is is jogging down the hill rather than just walking gingerly down the hill after some hard hill sprints. And I would be looking to do between 10 and 15 reps of these. Like I said, I've worked with boxes before that have done hill sprints. It's like a 9-second [clears throat] sprint and they only do six reps and they're feeling quite fatigued from it. I would be making sure that you've got a hill that's not too steep and also be working on muscle buffering adaptations and making sure that you've got a good 15 or 20-second sprints in there. Okay, so the next one is track running and this is really popular tool used by many boxes and you can see the reasons why. You're going to be working at high intensities. You've got a set goal to hit in a certain amount of time as well. So, it's very measurable. The only thing that's stopping me from putting it a little bit higher is not getting that instant feedback that you would do using the treadmill or using the assault bike and also using heart rate monitors. Obviously, we've got portable ones now. Lactate analysis as well. You're not getting that instant feedback to be able to really pinpoint and target that adaptation. And also, running on a flat hard surface increasing impact forces and maybe potentially increasing the fatigue and potential injury risk as well. With that in mind, even though that it can be a really good tool set athletes' goals and also you can do pyramid sessions from this going from 800s to 400s to 200 m. Very versatile, really good tool to condition fighters, but the lack of monitoring, instant feedback and also maybe them increase injury factors or fatigue factors, I'm going to put this in at B. So, it's still quite high, really effective. Got to take these factors into considerations when using track running for your conditioning. Okay, guys, so that's the end of the video. Hopefully, you enjoy this kind of content. If you do, hit that like button. Let us know in the comments. Let us know in the comments of what kind of challenges that you want to give to ChatGPT and Boxing Science are here to break it down for you. Thank you very much for watching. If you're not subscribed yet, hit that subscribe button so you don't miss out on any future content.