Kind: captions Language: en Reduce lower back pain in boxing. [Music] Hello there. I have two mild cervical disc injuries. I'm having pain after workout on the back. Shadow boxing is no problem at all. How can I avoid the pain or am I done with boxing? What you're finding difficult at the minute is probably the impact forces and the intensity that you're putting into them bag workouts. A few little strategies. One, make sure that your warmup's good. So, do the full mobility warm up. Potentially in that mobility warm up after it, do some more highintensity shadow boxing and pair that up with some isometric holds. Whether that's isometric pull-off press against the wall or doing some punch iso holds. What this will do will increase muscle activation upon impact will help protect that back from injury. Then also look to improve thoracic rotation in your mobility training as well. So eagles, windmills, half kneeling windmills and rotate and reach. This will help improve thoracic rotation which will reduce the amount of loading going through cervical spine. And then also in your boxing in your bag workouts like you haven't provided like the volume, the intensity that you're going in, but let's say you're doing 3minut rounds. Let's go for one minute rounds with 30 second recovery. Let's go for punching the bag at five out of 10 rather than going for eight or nine out of 10. With this, you can just trial and test a few things. What's painful? What's not? What's the things that I've implemented into my warm up? What level of intensity that I'm going to? What level of pain am I feeling after that? Write that down and then you'll get a good log of what is going to be working for you. Rather than going from shadow boxing with no impact force into hitting the bag with impact force and trying to go full out for 3 minutes on, 1 minute off, bridging the gap between that shadow boxing that's working for you right now and the bag work that isn't working for you right now. Start implementing some lower intensity work. Maybe a five out of 10. Going through the gears, doing one minute on, 30 seconds off, one minute on again, and then having your breaks, logging it down, how you're feeling, and then start building it up gradually, doing 2 minute rounds, then going to 3m minute rounds, but with a five out of 10, then going for 1 minute on, 30 seconds off, but then going for an 8 out of 10. You kind of get the picture. So, building up the volume first with the same intensity and then going back down, reducing the volume and increasing that intensity. Hopefully, this helps you out. If you wanting any more like kind of tips around this, drop me an email. Danny Wilson at boxingcience.co.uk. Good question here. I keep getting muscle strains in my lower back when sparring. Currently do core work before static stretching before bed, warm-ups before sessions. Is there anything else that I can do or perhaps do call work at different time part of the day? First of all, I'd say like if this is quite common, I'd be looking to get a physio or sports therapist to have a good look at you, see what you need to be working on. Predominantly in boxing, what I tend to see is people with lower back injuries have got one of three things. We've got either tight hips, underactive glutes, or most often being quite tight around the shoulders, particularly in thoracic rotation. Because we're tight in thoracic rotation, what will tend to happen is a lot of side bending, over reaching or compensating through extension of the spine. So, what I'd say is like have a look at like thoracic rotation, doing eagles, windmills, quadrup rotations, doing seated rotations as well. This might be something that's going to be quite beneficial in improving your rotational mobility and reducing the amount of loading that's going through your back. also doing some punch iso holes, some isometric pulloff holds as well. This will be quite good to fire up the core, fire up all the body to get ready to go into sparring. And also think about your warm up in sparring. Do you just do some stretching and then just go in? Or do you do a highintensity pad routine or bag routine? This is something that I see like a lot of professional boxers doing. They do a few stretches then get into the ring rather than actually going through what they probably do if they're going into a fight when they're going through full pad routine before they're going into the bout. So what's important before you go into sparring is actually go through the gears, work through them high intensity actions to get yourself ready to go into the ring. So try them out. And like I said before, if you're still struggling with this, go and see a physio or a sports therapist or you can drop me an email. Danny Wilson of boxings.co.uk. See whether I can do anything more for you. [Music]