Kind: captions Language: en What is the best strength exercise for boxing? &gt;&gt; My favorite lift has to be the trap bar deadlift. The deadlift is the biggest test of an athletes maximum strength. Normally done with a straight bar. We prefer boxing signs to use the hex bar or the trap bar. Handles slightly higher and in neutral position, which makes it better for athletes that struggling with that posterior shoulder strength and also postural stability as well. So, it's a safe tool to use and highly effective. And it also can be manipulated in terms of the volume and intensity across a training camp. We can lift it from the blocks. We can lift it with bands. We can lift it with some sort of velocity based feedback. We often do this with the gymware where we also use our load velocity profiling determine what kind of strength the boxer needs to work on. So 100% I'd say my favorite exercise and an exercise that will be in every single training program that we do at Boxing Science is a trap bar deadlift. &gt;&gt; [music] [music] &gt;&gt; Heat. Heat. [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Now, the trap bar deadlift is one of our best exercises that we use at Boxing Science. It ticks a lot of boxes and it's pretty easy to do compared to a lot of different strength exercises for the lower body. Now, the trap bar, the reason why we use this in comparison to the straight bar is because on the straight bar, athletes are quite limited in their hip range, quite limited in their postural stability and posterior shoulder strength. So, they're unable to get into that strong position to start off with. An athlete is losing their posture, that will affect the amount of load that's actually being lifted during the deadlift. So, some of the common mistakes I see athletes doing. First one being they get into the bar and they're almost a little bit too upright when they're deadlifting. They become too knee dominant. So, more loading going through the knees and also with being upright having to extend their back a little bit more. So, more loading going through the spine. Another thing that I'm likely to see is when they come to it, they lift and the first thing that moves is their body. Okay? You want to make sure that the body and the weights are moving as one. You don't want to see the body move and then the weights move after. Again, that's just going to pull on that lower back. Another thing is losing that posture throughout the lift. So, you need to make sure that you're keeping a tight grip. Deep breath in. And that'll keep that trunk nice and strong all the way through. The key thing that I like to see as well across a a rep range, let's say three or five reps, instead of seeing rep after rep where you're going up, coming down, and then going again, I'm wanting to see three to five single repetitions. So, in between, I have this analogy, the three Rs. Rest, reset, repeat. After a deadlift, we come down. We rest. So, we lose that shape a little bit. [sighs and gasps] We reset. So, we get into that strong position. [snorts] Deep breath in, shoulders back, tight grip, pushing through the floor, and then we repeat the action. [snorts] The main thing that you need to do in this in terms of the reset is you need to tense up. So I use the analogy that you want to be like a NASA space rocket. So if you think about a space rocket counts down from 10 [gasps] 9 8 what you like to see is a jet fuel start going but the rocket stays stable and basically it's it's being held into that position until it can create enough energy to then shoot up into space. Imagine if that stabilizer wasn't there. Likewise with a deadlift. So with a deadlift, if you're not creating enough energy, especially when you're getting up to them heavier weights, is you're likely to lose that shape. So what I want you to do, get a tight grip. [snorts] Deep breath in. Take that slack out the bar. So you're tensing up and then driving up. What you see is no change in terms of my posture during that lift. If you're not subscriber to our Boxing Science YouTube channel yet, hit that subscribe button so you don't miss out on any future content. Also, go and check out our programs on the Boxing Science website where you can get 50% off your first purchase. Just hit the discount code boxing science 50. You get 50% off our programs. We've got strength conditioning plans, highintensity conditioning plans, we've got nutrition plans as well. So, just go and check out the website boxing science.co.uk. Thank you very much for watching. Hopefully see you on the next video of Boxing Science.