Kind: captions Language: en So, when it comes to strength training in boxing and combat sports, we're all looking for that key ingredient. A lot of boxers and combat athletes really aspire to having a strong core. Now, this has been part of boxing tradition over many years. See a lot of the old school fighters doing hundreds of sit-ups. And this has been an important contributor to successful boxing performance. In our early research of boxing science, we correlated muscle mass with punching power. And we actually saw that the largest contributor to estimated punching power is lean muscle mass of the trunk. So we're wanting to develop that core strength and stability. And there's a lot more research that shows that core strength and in particular rotational strength being a key contributor to boxing, rotational sports, and also striking sports as well. When we're looking to develop the core strength and stability, we're not just going for the 100 sit-ups because this can lead to back injuries. &gt;&gt; I broke my back. &gt;&gt; It doesn't really match the demands of the sport. We're looking to develop large amounts of force in a very short amount of time. The main reason why the core is so important is because it's the key link between the lower body and the upper body. During kinetic chain sequencing, we're wanting to develop a strong torso rotation. And we've actually seen in our recent research at boxing science that peak rotational force is a large contributor to landline punch throw velocity, a test that we use for punching power. So, we're needing to use exercises that are being able to express large amounts of force but able to keep us stable as well because we're not wanting to be over rotating, overextending as this will lead to compensatory patterns. This leads to our core training system where we have four key pillars. Anti-extension, anti-rotation, antiateral flexion, and also hip flexion with neutral spine. As we plan our workouts, we're wanting to hit all four of these every single workout. Whether that's being put into our strength and conditioning workouts or done as a circuit for the back end of our boxing sessions. In this video, we're going to be sharing 12 exercises, three exercises per pillar that you can start implementing into your strength conditioning workouts and also in your boxing workouts as well. Holding in this position here. Okay. So, you can start off in a press up position. Hands in a solid position. Take your feet back and then hold there. Just be wary of that belly button &gt;&gt; being tucked in. Making sure that your hips aren't dropping in. Yeah. Take your feet back. Take your feet back. Take your feet further. Further, further. Further. Go even further. Yeah. Good. And get hips down. Good. Should be feeling it right in the core now. Good stability around the shoulders. Come on, Dan. Keep going. 10 seconds left. Five, three, two, one. Good work. Using your lats. That's it. Eight reps. Two. Good. Three. Keep your belly button tucked in. Use your lats to pull it back in. Good. Good control. Well done. Nice. One more. Good work. Well done. Getting into that plank position. I wouldn't do the plank position too often on a harder surface just because they got a lot of action in here anyway. So, you can see like somebody holding a plank for for ages probably not got that strong core, just got like really strong arms in there. This takes that upper body emphasis away. primarily working on the core and you can add few little movements in there around the worlds. Again, this is still in that stability phase because there's no kind of movement that I'm having to control. Hopefully, you're enjoying the video so far. I just want to share with you our brand new program, Unlock Your Potential. This is a six-w week program designed to get you fitter, faster, and stronger using the training methods that we've used with British, Commonwealth, European, and World Champions. Going to be in a downloadable format, an ebook, and also going to be yours to keep forever. Going to be able to show you some of the stuff that we're going to be putting into this program. We're going to be looking at the psychology that's behind training to keep you motivated, disciplined, and also focus to get the best out of you over the next 6 weeks. We're looking to our training methods at Boxing Science. Move better, get stronger, move faster, and punch harder. And then we've got details about our conditioning drills. And in this program, you've got four types of workouts. We've got strength training, we've got high-intensity conditioning, we've got active recovery, and also we've got our highly popular circuit base conditioning. Easy to follow, easy to understand visual demonstrations of the exercises that are being used, able to be downloaded on your phone, be taken into any training environment, whether you're training with loads of equipment or very limited equipment. And also, these workouts are very time efficient. We're currently running this at 50% discount. So, go and check the link in the description. Start your boxing science journey today to unlock your potential. 5 4 3 2 1 time. So, challenge is keep it above 30. 5 4 3 2 1. Good. 5 4 3 2 1. Nice. Good work. Keep it above 30. Keep above 30. Keep above 30. And time. Yeah. Good. Good. 5 4 3 2 1. Good. Go. 3 2 1. Nice. Go. Keep it above 30. Nice. Keep your head up. Go. Good. Good. Yeah. Keep above 30. Keep going. Yeah. time. Good feedback to Fabio there. On the 3se secondond holes, we're looking for max out effort. On these ones, we're going for 5second holes. So, we're going around about 60 70%. So, that's about 30 kilos. Maintain that tension all the way through cuz you can do asmetrics. You can go for a peak and then drop off and actually underload it over a 5second hold. So, having that average out rather than going for a peak, hitting 30 kilos, trying to keep above it, maximizing that tension and that development of the oblique muscles. Four. Three. Two, one. Excellent work. Well done. Four, three, two, one. Nice. Squeezing in the Swiss ball, pushing into the floor. Now it's it's near impossible for my hips to be moving, contributing to that action. So, I'm going to get a lot more do the obliques here. Work that rotation. Bring the feet in. Try and squeeze through two knees. This will help lock in the lower body. &gt;&gt; Try to maximize that rotation. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Hold it there. Can keep pushing either side. And Ben's having to really switch on his core. Great one to do with large groups is to go against each other, shoulders back and down, and off we go. &gt;&gt; Started yet? &gt;&gt; No, I didn't. And if somebody is maybe stronger in the lower body, not as strong in the core, do it all from the knees. So go on to your knees there. Two. One. there. Three, two, one. And you can do two, one. Three, two, one. Holding against there. And then we can do little variations each time. And then we can go more chaotic. and the obliques having to really switch on for bend to try and stay in that center center position there and having to hold that position straight away. You might want to step in a little bit. Yeah, that's it. Good. Ben's having to really switch on them obliques very quickly. This exercise here is antilateral flexion again. Okay, we're allowing our body to rotate, but the main challenge here is this. Not letting our body flex to the side. Okay, we're also keeping these hips fixed in position. One arm bends, one arm straight, then bringing it back up into the middle. Chest again. Trying to show that logo off on your chest all the way through. keeping them hips fixing position. If you're wanting to use the hips, use the hips properly. That's where you drop in, drive up, drop in, drive up, drop in, drive up. Then it serves a purpose then cuz we're actually using it. You don't want your hips to be in no man's land. It's just slightly contributing. Loose arms just bringing it down to here. Dragging it back up. Full tension. Pull it down. Drive it back up into center. Pull down. Back up into center. In a plank position, I want you to rotate to the side into a side plank position. Really work onto your feet. Yeah, that's it. And then bang. So, even though it's got rotation in the name, that doesn't mean that it's just a rotation exercise. It's actually lateral antilateral flexion. Couple reasons. One, you turn over into a side plank position. So the emphasis is to keep these hips up. Obliques having to switch on there to hold that position. Go back. Then the first movement. So if you turn to the other side this time, Ben. So you see this first movement here, Ben's hips shifting across the challenge there is to pivot. Okay. So go back. Basically our challenge there, Ben, pivot within the these boundaries here. Okay. Off we go. Pivot. Pivot. Pivot. Good. Then back. Okay. A little bit more room. Yeah. Pivot. Good. So, what you're doing now, Ben, is just compensating through this back here. So, try and keep your belly button tucked in as you pivot. Yeah. Good. That's better. Nice. And then other side there. &gt;&gt; So, you feel it a lot more when you're doing it this way, Ben. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Y. &gt;&gt; Yeah. That's good. Well done. a little bit similar to the pulloff presses where creating that little bit of a bounce increasing that muscular activation. So I'm coming through and you're having to keep that core nice switched on to make sure you maintain that neutral posture. Sit up. Arm overhead. Come back down. Four 3 2 one and up. Two. One. Let's go for five on each side. Yeah. Turn toes up towards your shin. Good. Drive it up. Down. 4 3 2 one. Control it all the way down, man. Yeah. Down. Four 3 2 one. Good. Hands on opposite shoulders. Elbows up. Elbows up. Good. Hold him back there. Again, hold that for 20 to 40 seconds. But with a lot of fighters, they can hold that for days. Okay? So, you want to try and increase that tension. You can go with the arms up and hold that there. Come back down and then pull come down a little bit more. And then pull your arms forward a little bit more. That's it. Reason why we pull the arms forward a little bit more to get the lats more involved to then work the core. Okay. And then we can do some isometric holds. Hands on opposite shoulders. You're coming back. Working up against me. Let's go. Five 4 3 2 1. Good. Relax. Then go again. Push against me. 5 4 3 2 1. What's important about this? you're going up instead of curling round. Very easy for boxers to just work against it by curling round. Want to be encouraging to push up. A good way of doing that is to use a band. So, we drop back and then we push up against the band. 5 4 3 2 1. Relax. Go again. Go. 5 4 3 2 one. That's a nice fun exercise. 5 4 3 2 1. Good. Let's go. 5 4 3 2 one. Let's go. 5 4 3 2 one. We can create tension. Holding this for 20 seconds. Squeezing as hard as we can. And then we can do 5 second holds. Little bit high tension. Three, two, one. You can do four reps then. Then you can do 3 second holds and do five reps there 3 two one. Okay guys, so that's the end of the video. Thank you very much for watching. If you like this content, hit that like button and hit the subscribe button if you're not subscribed yet. helps the growth of the channel so we can bring you even bigger and better content going forward. Thank you very much for watching. Hopefully see you on the next video at Boxing Science.