Kind: captions Language: en transferring power from the gym to the ring. &gt;&gt; How strong is the correlation between power metrics in the lab/ gym compared to knockout percentage for fighters? Are there any outliers, i.e. fighters who don't get high numbers in the gym but have a high KO percentage in the ring or the other way around? So, this is a very interesting question. Something I've been trying to answer, been trying to explain to boxers and coaches and strength conditioning coaches as well. And there isn't no black and white answer here in terms of like the correlation between being explosive in the gym and being explosive in the ring. Maybe that's something that we need to look into ourselves in terms of looking at percentage knockouts compared to the scores that we do in the boxing science testing battery. Something that we do correlate is with the Line punch throw as an estimate of punch force and punching velocity. correlate this with our other tests such as reactive strength index, camp movement jump height for lower body power, rotational peak strength and also looking at grip strength as well. And with this we highlight strengths and areas for improvement to look at how we can get an athlete punching harder. Looking at actually how they produce force in their punch. Do they produce more through rotation or do they produce more through that lower body force and speed development? people being explosive in the ring or being explosive in the gym. I've never seen anybody that is a big knockout puncher show poor strength and power qualities in the gym. People on the program at the moment, we've got Fabio Wley, Steven Ken's, Dan Howard. These have all got high percentage knockout ratios and they're explosive in the gym. All explosive in different ways. Some develop their strength through lower body speed and power. Some of them do upper body hand speed. Some of them is through rotational strength and power as well. And even like looking back at some of the other fighters that I've trained over the years, Cal Brook Brooke and Lee Wood, these were people that I didn't train for that long, but were naturally strong and explosive in the gym. You know, I trained Cal for the Golkin fight in 2016. He hadn't done strength and conditioning for a couple of years and he just picked up the movements and the strength and the load really quickly, really explosive through his lower body and jumping and then he was really dense and strong as well. And you can see them natural qualities start to be unlocked a little bit with with training and being exposed to more strength and conditioning. So don't necessarily need to be doing a lot of strength and conditioning to be strong and powerful. He was naturally strong and powerful as is Lee Wood as well. a boxer that really springs to mind in terms of like that transfer between being strong and powerful in the gym. Not necessarily showing it in terms of his knockout percentage record is Jordan Gil. Jordan who I trained for 10 years going from fighting journeyman all the way through to European title fights fighting for world title eliminators as well. Within that journey there, Jordan was pound-for-pound one of the strongest in the gym, hitting some of the highest numbers on his landline punch throw velocity. Really strong, really powerful. Didn't really show it in his knockout percentage, but he actually showed it in glimpses in his career that he did have that strength and power. You know, he stopped numerous fighters, Ryan Doyle, Gury, Michael Conam, and was known to be quite strong in sparring as well. And sometimes in boxing there's some influences there that might have an effect on your percentage knockout ratio. Jordan turned professional when he was 18. So he was fighting a lot of men, a lot of journeyman, strong, tough, robust, and fighting quite often as well. He didn't get the stoppage wins there. That affects his knockout record. Maybe some tactics in terms of his fighting style, going for the points win, going more defensive, everything like that. That might have an effect on on punching power and percentage record. So this is where the correlations become quite flawed in terms of is that person a puncher? You know, I've had people that have been in the gym that really surprise me in terms of their speed and power metrics because I look at their what their knockout ratio is and actually they're a lot stronger than what they are showing. Sometimes you can have athletes that are really strong, really powerful, but not be able to get them knockout wins. Maybe an athlete is stronger than they are fast or maybe even like faster than they are strong. they don't have that kind of that perfect blend between strength and speed. Sometimes core strength, rotational power might be the missing link in terms of their kinetic chain sequencing. And sometimes it's just down to technique. You know, we can get an athlete as strong and as powerful as possible, but it's all about technique. It's all about timing. Timing that perfect punch is a massive factor in terms of being able to punch hard. You look at somebody like Deontay Wilder, who is probably known as one of the the biggest punchers in heavyweight history. He weren't just like knocking people out just soon as they hit him. Sometimes he'd have to wait to time that perfect punch. It shows that technique and timing has a massive influence on an athletes punching power. So that is obviously trained in the gym. It's trained through experience. At boxing science, we can make somebody stronger and more explosive to try and unlock that potential. So when they get that technique and timing right, land that devastating knockout punch. So in summary, I'd say that there is a transfer, but it's not always black and white. It's not always a perfect correlation. We've got athletes that are naturally explosive, explosive in the gym as well as being in the ring. Sometimes you get athletes that are naturally explosive but can't transfer that into knockout power. maybe need to work on their movement skills, their technique, and their timing of their punches or might need to work on a certain strength quality, whether they need to work more on strength or need to work more on speed. Then you do see some athletes that are just like not athletically gifted, not really that explosive, then struggle to have that knockout power in the ring. But yeah, I've never seen anybody as explosive in the ring getting knockout wins not show some sort of high level strength and power qualities in the gym. Go and check out our products and services on the boxing science website, boxingcience.co.uk, where we've also got our membership, our train like champion membership, where you can follow the blueprint to elite performance. Okay guys, thank you very much for watching. Hopefully see you on the next video at Boxing Science. [Music]