Kind: captions Language: en In this video, we're going to be reacting to the strength conditioning training methods of Alexander Usyk. So, Alexander Usyk is preparing for his fight with Daniel Dubois, which could see him become a threetime undisputed champion. So, the boxing science 3X series is a series where we analyze and break down the training methods of world champions. Biev, Bivval, Canelo, just to name a few. And Usyk is actually featured on the series now for the third time. And the reason why is because his strength, his speed, his fitness for heavyweight is outstanding. And when you put together the longevity of his career, 37 years old and still right at the pinnacle of the sport, undefeated, looking to become a threetime undisputed champion. We need to look at his training methods. Also, he keeps tweaking and making these changes that can give you a little bit of insight to how he's adapting for this fight. So, let's take a look at how Usyk has been preparing for his showdown with Daniel Dubois on July 19. Okay, so this first clip is looking at one of Boxing Science's favorite exercises, the landmine punch. Usyk is doing an interesting variation here where he's doing three punches going into an explosive landmine punch throw. And he's also doing a lead hand as well. So looking at the lead hand, the line punch is an excellent exercise to start overloading that punch specific movement. We're looking at kinetic chain sequencing, transferring force from the foot all the way through to the fist, which we know is vital in producing punching power. We use different variations at boxing science. So the landline punch, we use heavy variations, we use landmine punch throws, we use banded variations as well. And one of the favorite exercises that we use is a landmine punch with pre- rotation encouraging that contribution from that lower body torso to contribute towards the landline punch throw. Some boxers and athletes might be guilty of being quite arm dominant during the landline punch because it looks like an upper body power exercise when in fact we're using the full body in the kinetic chain sequence to be able to produce that power. So we use the pre- rotation to cue that hip and torso rotation to be the primary contributor towards the power during lman punch. Now Usyk is using a variation of this but a little bit different. He's using it lead hand where he's looking at producing that power going from that lead shoulder. He's looking at that power and then relaxation pulling it back in and then going and throwing again. And this really benefits Usyk's fighting style because he's very active with that lead hand. Being in that southpaw stance, it really depends on that being a powerful punch. Is often hurt his opponents with jabs or lead hook. One of his most used combination during the Fury fight is the lead jab going into that right hook. So, this is where we're really needing to pop that power, come back, and then going into like a slight rotation, going into using that lead hand again. Again, Daniel Dbor in the first fight, the lead hand was vital. The amount of jabs that he threw in that fight, he threw more jabs than he did power punches. He threw jabs. Two is 153 power punches during the Dubois fight. You can see here being in that southpaw stance is going to be using that hands for fainting being able to throw a shot recoil and then going into a powerful punch. So you can see that this lime punch throw variation even though it's in the weight room it doesn't exactly look like a punch. You can see how the mechanics and the physics going into this exercise can actually transfer into his performance in the ring. So, next exercise is a cable row rotate. This is something that we use quite often at Boxing Science. Train and develop the upper back muscles, in particular the lats. We use this variation where we're optimizing the amount of rotation going through the upper back. And this will help rotational function whilst also training upper and lower body separation because we're looking to rotate that upper body as much as possible whilst keeping the lower body stable. So, why is this important for boxing? Well, upper body and lower body separation helps improve kinetic chain sequencing. Even though we're wanting the whole body to be contributing towards a punching action, we wanting to be working them in sequence. So, if your legs start moving before your arms, then you're not going to be able to transfer that force. So, there's some exercises where we put it all together, but there's also we need to break this down into upper and lower body separation. So exercise such as lunge and rotate, cable rotations, exercises such as a split stance medall rotate and throw. These are fantastic exercises to train that upper body rotation whilst keeping the lower body stable. This is really vital for Usyk to use naturally the smaller person in the ring against these heavy weights. So, he needs to be able to train that rotational function to make his combinations more fluid and rapid, but also to gain more leverage onto his punches. If he's unable to rotate as effectively through that upper back, he's not going to be able to get as much reach and range on his punches. And being naturally the smaller guy, he needs to take every inch that he can. So the cable row rotate even though again it doesn't really look like a boxing specific movement technically can improve an athlete but physically it can help unlock that technical performance. Let's take a little break from the exercises and listen in to what Usyk's got to say about mixing up his training camps. We change every prepare uh not not all but every my new camp we do new exercise and uh we we do new work. &gt;&gt; It's using new exercises during every single training camp to keep it fresh to keep moving and I think that is a really important thing to be saying. No training camp is the same for Usyk and I think this is the reason why he's seen improved performances. He's seen a longevity in terms of his career. 37 years old now and is still right at the very top. He's fighting for the undisputed title for the third time. Been changing things up for the last few training camps and you can actually see this in terms of the clips that have been used. This reason why we're doing the third boxing science reacts episode on Usyk training methods. Now, I've actually seen this in Reacts episode with Canelo. Canelo changed a lot of his strength conditioning training methods going into high altitude training camp as well making very important changes towards the back end of his career to make sure that he has that longevity and still being able to train at the top. Now at Boxing Science we always say to our athletes no training camp is exactly the same. It's not a a copy and paste job. We're making sure that we're constantly giving our athletes new training stimuluses, different types of conditioning, different types of strength training to make sure that they are stressing the body in different ways, giving the body new training stimuli to be able to adapt from. If we keep doing the same training methods every single training camp, we're only going to see a little bit of adaptation. Maybe only getting up to the same standards. We have a saying on the air bike is that it doesn't get easier, we just get faster. When athletes are doing 30 second sprints, they're thinking, why isn't this getting any easier? And the reason why is because we're changing up a few things. We're pushing the data forward to make sure that you're always progressing on the program. And it's great to see that Usyk's taking this approach as well. is undefeated, is one of the greatest of all times, but is always going to be open to doing new training methods to keep innovating and keep progressing. And I think it's important for younger athletes to see this where they might be thinking, right, if it's not broke, don't fix it. I'm not saying to go and try and change everything all the time because some of the exercises that are being used with us here is very similar to the last camp, but there a few little tweaks here and there. So, for example, at Boxing Science, we'll change our training methods from a trap bar deadlift. Maybe we start doing a trap bar deadlift on blocks. Maybe we do the trap bar deadlift with bands. Maybe we change that into a trap bar jump. It's still the same movement. We're still looking for the same goals of increasing rate force development, but we're creating a different stimulus to promote that physical adaptation. With the air bike sessions, we'll do 30 seconds on, 3 minutes off. Next camp, we might focus on clusters. So we might focus on speed endurance and power endurance doing 20 seconds on 5 minutes off going for that same adaptation but applying a different stressor there to promote increased physical adaptations. So one of the new exercises that Usyk's using or something that I haven't seen him use before are the reverse hypers. Reverse hypers are fantastic exercise to strengthen the posterior chain. It can be used to develop the lower back, but also the main thing is to develop the glute muscles. You can see in USV reaction here that's really feeling that in the glutes. Reverse hyper something that we don't particularly use at boxing science. One, we don't have it at the performance center. And two, not many gyms actually have this. So not many boxing gyms or strength conditioning gyms actually have access to reverse hyper. as well with lighter fighters, they might look to compensate and not really being able to target the glute stream in this. So, I'd probably look to do reverse hypers with more stronger and heavier weight fighters. But reverse hypers can be a fantastic exercise to develop the glute strength. It's leaving no room for compensation. Usyk's getting a fantastic hip hinge pattern here. His trunk is staying stable. Sometimes boxers can't develop the glutes in that hip hinge pattern due to poor postural stability, poor shoulder strength and stability as well. So this is keeping the upper body fixed in position then being able to really target the glutes and the posterior chain. Targeting the glutes can be quite problematic with boxers because they're so quad dominant and quite tight in the hamstrings. They'll always look to start compensating and utilizing the quads and hamstrings over the glutes. That's why at Boxing Science, we use some variations, particularly on our lunge or split squat variations. We'll do offset reverse lunges. We'll do some banded variations as well to make sure that the glutes being targeted. Doing goblet squats, for example, the goblet squats with a mini band around the knees to get a little bit more from the glutes. And then also doing some really controlled and targeted hip bridge exercises. Doing hip thrust with isometric holes. Overcoming isometrics going against the bar. Single leg hip thrust, hip thrust marches or single leg hip thrust with the knee towards the chest. Coaching an athlete through it to make sure that they're getting the glutes going. We don't just go right, go and do your hip thrust over there. We know that athletes really need to be coached and cued to be able to get the most out their glutes. We do this in our mobility warm-up as well where we're looking at doing some tips and tricks to make sure that they're performing the glute bridge in the right way. Making sure the stomach's tensor backs against the floor. Making sure the adductors are switched off to make sure that the glutes are being fully activated during these glute exercises. So might have gone off on a tangent here from Usyix reverse hypers, but the main message from this is to use exercises that are really going to promote glute activation and glute strength. Forming this in the right way to optimize them adaptations. Something that we've seen us do before, so an old exercise is the trap bar deadlift. Trap bar deadlift is a favorite of ours at Boxing Science. And the reason why we use a track bar is because of the raised handles and keeping the shoulders in a neutral position, making sure that our boxers aren't hunched over the bar, making sure that the lift is safer and more effective. We've seen Usy before do some Olympic lifting variations, doing some clean poles, some snatches as well. It looks like he's veered away from this now and going more adaptation focus. I think the trap bar deadlift is a fantastic exercise that you can load up in different ways. So in the previous camp he was using velocity based training using the gym aware for some feedback to be able to lift at speed. He's also using some banded variations as well doing it in a split stance to increase acceleration throughout the lift. And there's so much versatility that it can use with a trap bar. So there's only one little clip used in this video. I'm sure during the training camp is manipulated the intensities and also loads of this to promote different physical adaptations going into this fight. So it's fantastic to see Usyk here using kettlebell drags. Fantastic exercise that ticks a lot of boxes in terms of improving core strength, rotational stability, and also posterior shoulder health and stability as well. Go and give him a follow on Instagram. Chichki the brains behind. He post some fantastic clips of Usyk training. The challenge here is to keep the body as stable as possible whilst transferring the weight from either side of the body. You see people doing these kettle bell drags and you see like the whole body moving and not really sticking towards the main principles of the exercise. But this can be a fantastic exercise to develop the core, the obliques and also that posterior shoulder. Usyk's using technique where he's just popping the kettle bell and keeping the kettle bell standing upright. And this is a great tool and also is keeping him as stable as possible with no movement. This is one variation. Variation that we use at boxing science is actually to get a little bit more range and also to flip the kettle bell onto its side. With this increased range will require some upper body rotation. and the upper body rotation, kettle bell being on the floor and dragging it across, more activation through the lats, which links in to the obliques. So, it becomes more of a rotational base exercise, rotational stability base exercise, rather than something that kind of ticks all the boxes. So you got one variation with us where it's staying nice and stable and this is ticking more boxes in terms of postural stability, anti-extension, and also rotation. But if you're looking for a little bit more rotational strength and stability, get that little bit more range of motion to get more from the lats, drag it across utilizing the obliques. But both versions are fantastic to start implementing into your programs. Usyk is at the top of many people's pound-for-pound list at the moment, but he's also pound-for-pound the fittest boxer as well. His conditioning that he's shown in his fights, has been unbelievable. His punch output and his ability to work through the gears, especially later on in fights, which has led to knockdowns or stoppages, is unbelievable. A lot of this fitness is due to him being a master at his craft, being dedicated and disciplined. You never see him out of shape. is really efficient in his boxing technique and his tactics as well. But it's fantastic to see his conditioning training methods being more highintensity focused looking at more off feet conditioning. You don't really see Usyk running unless he's running on the beach calling out Derek. &gt;&gt; Eric, I'm run Derek. &gt;&gt; But other than that, you've never really seen Usyk do like track running or hill sprints or anything like that. You've seen him do mostly off conditioning. And the reason why this is so important for heavier boxers, so anything above light heavy, cruiserweight up to heavy weight, is because they're going to limit the amount of intensity that they can produce during running. We need to be able to get them preferably on an air bike to really expose them to the true force outputs, them true high intensity efforts. Now, in this clip here, he's using the airbike. It looks like he's doing a repeated sprint protocol, very similar to what we do at Boxing Science. A repeated sprint protocol of 12 seconds on, 48 seconds off, looking at increasing muscle buffering capacity. And this is vital to be able to tolerate and be able to control blood lactate levels. So blood lactate is a scientific terminology for lactic acid. That feeling of burning sensation, that heaviness in your arms and your legs when you do a sprint or an explosive burst on the bags quite prevalent in heavy weight boxes because they have increased amount of muscle. The body finds it hard to deliver the oxygen in quick enough time to utilize that as an energy source. The muscle ends up becoming more acidic. So when a heavyweight boxer goes through a really intense burst, you often see them feel like quite gassed out. But you never really see Usyk do this. Even in his fight with Tyson Fury where he had him hurt and he went in for the stoppage, he was still fit the last three rounds. It's really vital to use this and to target this in off conditioning. So using the airbike for example and doing some repeated sprints. Like I said, I don't really see what he's doing here. A conversation with this coach here, whether it's four or five rounds, I'm not really sure what he's doing because they don't really give too much away. But with the power intent that you can see during these sprints, there's more likely for this to be a repeated sprint protocol, targeting muscle buffering capacity and being able to repeat them high intensity bounce more frequently and longer during the fight. And this is going to be really vital in his fight against Daniel Dubois because Daniel Dubois is physically fit as well. His punch output is really high for a guy of his size. It doesn't work in burst as effectively as Usyk. So Usyk needs to be working in burst in and out, landing his shots, evading Daniel Zubar's power punches. So working in this way in terms of his conditioning is going to be really vital for his fight on July 19. Many people not do uh a lot of smart work just sparring, just beg and go home. Not uh healthy food, not stretching, not recovery, just training, training, training. Take money and hey, it's bad. It's not long. Uh you you not belong. uh for sport it's maybe 2 3 years enough after uh finale my career I want to live and uh live and happy &gt;&gt; so what Usyk is saying here is smart work over hard work it's not just about hitting the bags sparring hard it's about looking after your body in the right way you see more and more boxers doing this now the fundamentals the cornerstones of your training program obviously are how hard that you're working. But you got to look after yourself outside the ring as well. Whether that is periodized programming, doing the right strength conditioning, the right conditioning training methods, but also focusing on your nutrition. Make sure that you fueling for them sessions and also refueling effectively, implementing recovery training methods as well, whether that's using the sauna, the ice bath, or just going out on a walk or making sure that you're monitoring your training loads effectively. And it's really good to see Usyk talking openly about this because look at his performances at the backstage of his career. A lot of fighters are often way beyond their peak after 34 35 years old. Usyk's 37 now and he's still at the peak of his powers. Really good to see that Usyk saying about this because it's increasing longevity in the sport, helping his fantastic performances continue and also is earning more money from it. So if you're a young boxer watching this, you think that your career can go really really fast, especially if you don't approach it in the right way. Whereas like somebody like Usyk is a prime example of investment into his strength conditioning plans. His training camp is set that up in Marba to make sure that he gets the best out of himself. Obviously investing into his recovery, his nutrition, everything like that to get the best out of himself. this has helped him get to the level that he's at, but also help increase the longevity of his career as well. So, one last thing that I love about this video, it's not the exercises, it's not what Usyk saying, but it's in fact the environment that is created with the positive affirmations on the wall. Whether it's undisputed quote here, possible with the impossible written out and also unlimited as well. And he might have a few other things in the gym. I know he has a crucifix and a prayer that he looks at creating a a strong environment, especially like in a gym that's away from his home. It's set up in Marbaya, but he's made it his own. Obviously, it takes a bit of money to do this, but there's plenty of things that we can take from it because the positive affirmations on the wall in the gym can help some subconscious mental training. They can help instill self-belief, motivation, can keep reminding an athlete of what their goals are and it can also affirm the values of an athlete or of the gym. At Boxing Science, when we built the performance center, this is something that was really important for us. This is why we had our quotes, master the things that take no talent, unlock your potential, the blueprint to elite performance. These are things that we instill into our athletes. The things that we do in here requires zero talent. All it takes is that effort, the discipline, and for you to follow the blueprint. And you follow the blueprint, you help unlock your potential. And we've gone through that stepby-step process with athletes to make sure that they're disciplined and dedicated towards the program. We've also got quotations on the wall of champions of past and present. And also we have our champions wall as well where we've got some achievements of boxers at the boxing science performance center. Just seeing this every day rather than a big conversation with an athlete to try and get motivation but it's also to help an athlete keep working towards their goals. Have them positive affirmations in place to help increase their self-belief, their confidence and their motivation. And you can see this working really well for Usyk as it's created a really strong training environment. So, if you're in a boxing gym yourself or a strength conditioning gym and you're looking around the wall and thinking, "Right, what quotes can I put up on the wall?" It might seem corny in some senses, have these quotes on the wall, it can mean a lot. And it's really great to see some athletes in the gym or when we do our workshops, people taking photos of the quotes on the wall and everything like that, when they really see how that can have an effect on their training in the short term, but also in the long term as well. Okay guys, so that is the end of this boxing science reacts episode of Alexander Usyk for the third time. It's testament to his mindset. Also, shout out to his team obviously Jakob Shishki. I think it's fantastic to see that somebody at the real pinnacle of the sport take his training so seriously. He optimizes his physical, his mental performance, but also works on recovery as well. talks about training hard, but it also talks about training smart as well. So, if you like this video and you're quite new to the channel, not subscribed yet, hit that subscribe button so you don't miss out on any future content and also support the growth of the channel. Also, if you like this kind of video, hit that like button so you support the growth of the video, but also go and check out our previous episodes of the Boxing Science React series. Thank you very much for watching. Hopefully see you on the next video of boxing science. [Music]