Kind: captions Language: en He looks so tired. I know. He's just digging really deep now. He's pulling everything he has out and it's really hard to watch. I hit a wall. [Applause] I'm sure you would agree the Guinness World Record book is legendary. Like many kids, when I was young, I used to collect these books. Every Christmas, I would go to me nana's house and she would have bought us the latest edition. I couldn't wait to go through the pages and see just what crazy things was in the latest edition. Now, 30 years later, my kids are doing the exact same thing. We look at all of the extraordinary people in there. Some people are in there because of the way they were born. Other people are in there because of the things that they have built. And then others are in there because they push their body to the absolute limit. Can I get myself in this book and show me kids that we as human beings can do anything that we put our minds to? Well, on this video, we're going to find out. So, how am I going to do this? Well, I wasn't born 8t tall, and I haven't got the patience to grow my fingernails for the next 30 years. And I'm not the best at building things either. But what I can do is the same as what you can do and anyone can do and that is push my body to the absolute limit. I want to show my kids that with hard work anything is possible. I want to show my kids that dreams or achievements is not just for people who we see on TV or read in books. This is for us. If we put our minds to it, we too can be that extraordinary person. So, I went ahead and I paid a fat lump of money and I got approved to attempt the record of the most fully extended punches within 24 hours. And there's another fat lump of money I've got to pay later on, which I'll tell you all about. But first, why did I pick this challenge out of all of the other challenges out there? Well, being a former successful boxer with a massive following on how to teach boxing and how to teach people how to box, this kind of fits my brand and my life, right? And to stop me procrastinating on this, I've also decided which day I want to do it on. And I'm going to do this on my 40th birthday, which is only 10 weeks away from now. But there's a couple of big problems that I need to overcome. One is I recently had a serious injury on my spine, which I got from jiujitsu. This has prevented me from using the full right side of my body for over 2 months now. I've been wearing a bloody neck brace for over a month as well. And I just got an injection in the disc in my spine and I've been told not to do any training until it fully recovers, which could take over 6 months. But I haven't got 6 months. I've got 10 weeks and I need to start training right now. Now, the other big problem is even bigger than that one, which you're going to find out as this video goes on. But I've also got what I like to think is a secret weapon because I've got a friend who's pretty famous and you might know who's done three Guinness World Records all for 24 hours. And I'm going to get on a phone call with him and you're going to see when I speak to him what tips and tricks he gives us. But for now, we've only got 10 weeks to train. Where do I start? Well, let's set up this heavy bag at home and we'll start punching it. So, I'm going to count some punches for the first time. I'm going to do a minute and see how many I can do at an average speed. Two. Got no idea really. So, I'm punching the heavy back now. Well, it's not so bad, but after just 30 seconds, my arms are starting to really ache. So, this first session, I did 6 minutes of non-stop punching, and that was so bloody hard. And me form wasn't great either, which you'll find out. I need to have great form to achieve this record. We're going to really have to step things up. Oh, I'm pretty sore from all that punching yesterday. But I'm going to get my morning coffee and then get at it again today. How the hell am I supposed to manage to do this for 24 hours? I'm getting tired right now just off a few minutes. I repeated this process for a week, but I need to find another way to build up my fitness for boxing. I don't want to start running. That's proper boring, and I don't think it'll be good for me spine and me neck either. I need to do something that's more fun, more enjoyable. I've got an idea. One thing I can do to get me fit for boxing is play a thrill of the fight. This is the world's most realistic virtual reality boxing game, and you can get a great workout while doing it. Yes, this is going to be great for my training. Now, I know I'm not hitting the heavy bag that you're going to see me doing for the world record later on, but I'm throwing a ton of punches, which is exactly what I need to do right now. That was great. Way more fun than hitting the heavy bag, even though I'm just getting beat off some random guy from around the world. I got a great sweat on. Absolutely brilliant workout. That's bloody knackered. Exactly what I needed, though. Oh, that's just sweat. One thrill of the fight. And it was a thrill and bloody fight. So, I've built up the hitting the heavy bag for 10 minutes in a row without stopping. And then on top of that, I have two thrill of the fight fights, and I've still got seven weeks to go. Now, before I talk to my friend who's done three Guinness World Records and get his advice, I want to tell you what else is involved with this event because there's a lot. Just looking over the rules of the record, there's some things here that are very important. Now, one thing it says is we need to do this in a public place. And also, I want to live stream this on my YouTube channel. So, the best place to do this is in a gym. And it just so happens that I work with one of the best gym chains in the world, which is in the UAE. It's called Gym Nation. And these guys have got my boxing programs in there. And their amazing locations is open 24/7. These gyms are unbelievable. Very high-end and look amazing. So, it makes perfect sense for me to do this in such a great facility if they let me. So, I'm going to drop them a quick email and I just hope they agree on this, which we'll find out later. Then, I need to find people who's going to count my punches. This is going to be a hard job. I would love to use me kids to do this, but I just don't think it will be right. If I'm looking to reach 100,000 punches within 24 hours, I need someone who can count to 100,000, but I've got a great idea that will help with this, which you'll find out later on in the video. And when you see this, you're going to think, "Oh, Tony Jeff is pretty smart." So rather than getting two people to do a 24-hour shift, I'm starting to think maybe I need 12 people doing 4hour shifts at a time. Bloody hell, 12 people. This is going to be expensive. On top of that, I need someone who really knows boxing who can tell me if my form is slipping or not. Because if I throw a punch that's incorrect, it's not going to count. And yes, one thing I really understand is good form of boxing. But when I've been punching for, say, 19 hours, will my good form be good then? Definitely not. After probably 30 minutes, it'll start slapping. So, I need someone there to hold me accountable. And I've got just the person who I'm going to flag in from Los Angeles for that. Then, I'm going to need a team of people to be able to live stream this as well because without them, I won't have the evidence to submit to the world record people that I've done this record if they need to recount the punches. And on top of that, to get someone from Guinness here, it's going to cost over £125,000, which is around $16,000. By the end of this video, you're going to see just how much all of this cost when I tally it all up, which it's going to surprise me and it's going to surprise you cuz I've not got there yet. I'm thinking about it. On top of all this, I'm going to need someone there to oversee everything because the last thing I want to be doing after I've been punching for 10 hours is making sure that Johnny Boy over there is counting the punches correctly or Sally over there is ready to switch with Johnny Boy and you know count the punches correctly. So yeah, I need someone to oversee everything and I've got the right person for that as well who I'm going to be flying in from the Philippines. Yes, the Philippines. It's not Manny Pacquiao, but it's the next best thing, I think. But it seems like I'm going to have to hire between 15 and 20 people just for this event. I should have put more thought into this. Bloody hell, I want to be skinned. So, right now, I've got a lot of planning to do for this Guinness World Record because you don't just show up and throw as many punches as you can for 24 hours. You've got to plan it out. You've got to have evidence. You've got to log it every hour while you're punching. You've got to have two people there counting your punches at all times for the full 24 hours. So, what I'm going to do is not have two people there for 24 hours just counting the punches. I'm going to split this up into three 8our shifts with two people on each shift. So, I need to have six people to count the punches. Then I need to have people live streaming it because you need to prove that you did this and send them the evidence which is also going to be another expense that's coming down to me. So this going to be two people there live streaming. Now another thing what I'm trying to do is get someone from Guinness World Records to come and be the official adjudicator if you like. That's going to cost us over 20 grand to get them there, which is bloody expensive considering I've got to have all this as well. But I'm waiting to hear back from them. So, there's nothing I can really do on here while I'm waiting for them. Then I'm going to have Zen, who is my assistant. I'm flying her and her husband in from the Philippines to oversee this and maybe she can help with some of the punches as well. But then I need to have my wife there as well to make sure overseeing like everything and overseeing me and helping support me throughout the full 24 hours because I'll need drinks. I'll need food. I'll need my music changing my playlists. I might need to have an emergency. I don't know what. But my wife's going to be there to really like help everything. Also with the heavy bag that I'm hitting, it's got to be like a certified approved bag, which I've never heard of before. And here Booster, who's been my longtime sponsors, is also sponsoring this event. So, they're going to be bringing the bag, but we need to really check this bag because the last thing I would want is for me to put all of this time, energy, effort, spend all of this money into this event. Then they say, "Well, you've been disqualified because the heavy bag wasn't right." And also here booster they're going to be bringing a camera guy or media people because after all to finish this video I'm going to have to have the footage of me doing this rather than just the live footage. I need behind the scenes footage which is part of this video as well. So there's going to be a couple more people there. Then I know Kyle from here booster. He's going to be there and he's going to be helping with crowd control if you like. Well, not crowd control. It's not like there's going to be a million people there coming asking for pictures with us. There might be a few, but it's going to be good to have someone there kind of like a security to just help me keep my mind right cuz the last thing I want is to be in a in a flow of punches, then someone coming up and saying, "Tony, can I get a quick picture?" Cuz I would stop and give them a picture cuz that's what I'm like. But it just wouldn't be the right time. Instead, wait until I've finished me set and then we'll get a picture. So Kyle said he will help with that. So, it's going to be great to have my own security with Kyle from Herusa. So, I've just booked a call with Gia Alderton, who is the best person in the world I could possibly speak about about this record. I'm chatting with him in a couple hours, but first I'm going to go to Rare Boxing Gym in Melbourne and get a quick session in hitting that heavy bag. So, I've just came to Rare Gym here in Melbourne and I'm going to do like an hour or 2 hours on the bag non-stop punching. is going to be the most I've ever done. And I want to come into a gym and do this because I want to get used to doing this when people's around. I want to see how my mind reacts to being in a gym non-stop when people are watching and it's busy and loud and people come and try to speak to you. That's what I think it's going to be like. People will be there. People be punching along with us. So, I need to get used to this. So, come to this great gym to try it out. Tell you what, it feels better hitting the heavy bag in the gym than it does when I'm at home. as there's a lot of things going on in the gym that's distracting me mind. Yeah, look at this. Punch him. Punch him. Punch him. Punch it in. Come on. One leg punches. Let's go. Too much. I'm not punching. Let's do it. I did 30 minutes and then I stopped for 2 minutes and I did another 20 minutes after that. Then I jumped in the ring and I had a couple of fights on Phil of the fight. I'm starting to get a little bit fitter now. So, I've just left the gym and I've got an email from Gym Nation saying that they'll be really happy for me to come there and do the world record, which is great. So, it looks like I'm going to Divine doing this, but they're also asking if I would mind if their members can come in and join along with the workout. But, I don't know if that's going to be too much of a distraction with the members around me. I guess as long as they're not talking to us and asking for pictures and stuff and trying to stop us while I'm in the flow, should be okay. But, I'll get back to them and let them know if I if I'm comfortable doing that. Yeah. So, it's Dubai. Let's do it. So, my call today is with J. Allen. You might have seen this guy on social media. He's got a massive following. This guy has done some insane Guinness World Records. Like, he ran backwards round a running track for 24 hours. That is way harder than punching for 24 hours. This guy box jumped the height of Mount Everest in 22 and 1/2 hours as well. So, if there's any questions, which I've got, which I've got a lot, this guy is the man who can answer of them. with these kind of events, Tony, is it's a confidence thing. Um, and each one that I've done, like having a progressive program, best thing to do is when you do a session after you finish, journal kind of what went right, what went wrong, and and where you kind of felt the pain and niggles, where you could improve on things. A big thing that I'm thinking about all the time, you're the man to ask, is like, what can I mentally expect when it comes to the tiredness to just hit you hard and then it's like, what? Yeah. It goes through phases. I don't know if you've ever seen all the hell week stuff when they talk about breaking things down into like through hell week into evolution. So they don't think about the, you know, not getting any sleep for 5 days, you think, right, I've got through that bit, I've got through that bit, I got through that bit. And I'll tell you now, like every 3 hours you're just going to get a little dip, but then you're going to get a little burst of energy. And what helps is making sure that you've got things to look forward to every hour. Things like, oh, I'm going to, you know, I'd have some foods, so like I'm I'm going to eat that at the end of the hour. That call really motivated me and gave me some great things to think about. But also, Jay's got a crazy mindset. This guy lives in the UK and he gets up at like 5 in the morning when it's freezing cold outside and gets in a ice bath. And I could not think of anything worse than doing that. So, he can do that. So, he's definitely got a strong mind. So, I've just got this new tripod from Amazon. I figured out that if I can watch something while I'm punching, this is going to distract my mind even more and help me get through the punches, just like the fight game distracts me mind as well. But first, I'm back on the coffee before I go to the gym. This is for Sigmatic organic coffee that has Lions made inside of it, which really helps me with me focus, which I really need for this event. I absolutely love this coffee, and I'm so happy that Forsigmatic are sponsoring me during this world record. I'm starting to feel good now. Watching this iPad really does help distract me mind. I've just did 1 hour non-stop, 2 minutes off, then followed by another 1 hour, then back in the ring with me VR headset. I just got beat up on the fight cuz I was really tired, but a great session. I'm so thankful for this rare breed gym because look at this recovery area it's got, but it still feels like I've got a long way to go in this world record. Now, me being a boxer on me life is definitely helping with this, but at the same time, there's a lot of things that you do in boxing that was not helping with this at all. like nutrition. In boxing, we've always got to be watching our weight and watching everything that we put in our in our mouths, which I guess you do with this as well, but having the fuel in your body to fuel you for 24 hours, which is different to having a boxing training session or a boxing fight. So, today before my session, I'm going to be speaking with Sim, who's a nutrition expert from Full Force Nutrition. She's created me a meal plan. I'm going to meet her right now to go over that. All right. What was your initial thoughts of the It was good. I'm still learning about carb loading cuz I was thinking now the reason why I've never done this because in boxing you don't eat loads of food the day before we win. Yes. So I've never done it like this before. It's the complete opposite. Sugar from whole fruits, unprocessed, unrefined are perfect for us. Like fruits like there's nothing wrong with that. Like that is fine. So yeah, I learned so much from S and I know that this is going to really help me when it comes to doing this record. After today's training session, I'm going to announce this on social media that I'm doing this world record and I'm excited to see what people say. So, I post this on all my platforms and I'm really surprised and most of the feedback is amazing. But there was one comment that really stuck out and it said, "I hope you're joking about this. There's no way you're going to do this at your age, mate. Dehydration, collapse, heart failure. You have problems with your neck. What have your doctors advised? And what about your family? This is the craziest thing I've ever heard." Not to mention the daftest. The grim reaper is laughing, mate. Don't give him the satisfaction. I hope this is a hoax. All right, oh my god, really? Is he seeing something that I'm not seeing here? So, I replied, "Sorry to say this, mate, but this is the attitude of a loser." And when you say at your age, you can't compare me to average 40-year-old who eats badly, who doesn't work out, who drinks beer every weekend, and is overweight, because I'm sorry to say, but that's the average 40-year-old. Yes, this is going to be hard. It might not be doable, but to do great things, we have to get out of our comfort zone. You should try it. And honestly, I appreciate your concern. And I do appreciate his concern if he's really concerned. But it wasn't the type of feedback that I was expecting. Anyway, today marks the 4 week mark of the event and I'm nervous because today I'm going to try and punch for 7 hours nonstop. I'm going to have some breaks in between like G. Allan was telling me I'm also going to be stocking up on my nutrition as well. When you're going to the gym to train for like 8 hours, packing your bag is a big process. I'm going to show you some of the things that I've got to take to the gym with us for these training sessions. So, multiple t-shirts. I've actually got five vest tops here cuz you're just sweating loads. So, get them in there. Need to change the tops. Then, I've got two back braces to go around me waist cuz me low back starts to get sore. So, I've got two because one's going to get wet and sweaty. I've got five pair of socks. I want to keep changing me socks. Actually got six pairs. I'm wearing one right now. Then I've got five pair of these here booster hand wraps cuz obviously your hands are getting sweaty. Then I've got my gloves here. These are brand new. Going to be wearing these in day. But I've got three pair of gloves to keep changing them up when I need to. Got me headphones, which is a must. need to be occupying that mind. Then also I've got me coffee, me four sigmatic coffee. Drink it on the way and drink it throughout. Water hydration, a big one cuz I'm sweating so much, but I can't just drink water all the time. So I add in the LMT, the electrolyte drinks, which is exactly what me body needs. So, I put a couple of sashes of that into a full one of these and just keeping sipping this throughout the full session. So, I get me LMT in the bag. I've got some high calorie gels cuz I'll be burning between 500 and 800 calories an hour. So, these gels is great for that. I'm going to put a bunch of them in there. Don't need all of them. Pat lunch. I've got some bananas in here, some honey, a bit, a little bit of organic chocolate, and I'm going to go to the shop to get some more little snacks as well. Then I've got me boxing shoes, which I need. And I've got two more pair of these in the car as well cuz I'm getting sweaty feet. I'm going to be changing them. Then also I'll be bringing me iPad where I can watch YouTube videos. Again, keeping that mind occupied throughout this full session. I've also bought these counters. what you might have seen. The last time I used one of these was when I was a nightclub dorman counting people into the club. So, we're going to be counting some punches today just testing out what method we're going to use for the event. So, you'll see that on this video as well. So, that's going in there. And as well, I'm going to be bringing my GoPro because I want you guys to come along and help me get on with this big long workout. Very big session coming up. The biggest one up to date. I'm going to go for 7 hours today. Yeah, my LMT electrolytes. Pumping two of these in the water. So, when I'm drinking, I'm going to be rehydrating. This is great cuz it's full of sodium, potassium, magnesium. Yeah, that's what I'm going to be needing this for the amount I'm about to sweat now. Got some orange juice, which I would never ever normally drink, but same the nutritionist telling me this has got the sugars in that will help me with the carbohydrates for the energy what I need. So yeah, I'm going to trust the nutritionist. Then what I'm going to have right now before I start, and I had this before me jiu-jitsu tournament when uh I actually won the gold medal, may as well have that little brag in there. I have me banana. And then I've got this uh nectar honey. Put a bit of that on the banana. High calorie carbohydrates, which I need. Got me massage gun here, which I will need throughout the session. I better stop using this or I'm not going to want to train. Oh, feels nice in there. So, I get that down there. Ready. Going to set up my iPad on the iPad tripod. One thing that I am doing is not using the iPad until like probably 4 hours in and then I'll switch it on because I want to start watching stuff when I get really bored. So, yeah, that's there set. I will wear my body brace on my back. Yeah, the thing that hurts the most is my low back. Because if you think about it, where does a punch come from? The punch comes from your feet and then it comes out from your hands. So the middle of your hands and your feet is your midsection here. So this is the part that there's a lot of pressure on. So I've got my body band on there. That's going to get soaking wet, which I can switch throughout the session. Then I've got me neck brace. I'm not going to wear me neck brace until me neck starts hurting because I want to try and strengthen me neck up anywhere I can and hopefully that strengthen it up. So, I'll wrap me hands, go to the toilet, and then I'm ready to go. Got these new gels from here and I'm looking forward to trying them cuz me knuckles does ache throughout the session and these feel great. But the one thing I do worry about is the weight. Now, these are not that heavy, but when you have any extra weight on your hands, it's fine for a round, a threem minute round, but after you've been punching for five or 6 hours, you're starting to really feel that extra little bit of weight. So, you got to try and think about how can I not have any weight on at all. Oh, ready to go. Quick toilet break, then let's get this long session out the way. I need to get a good warm up in for this big session. After only 3 hours in, my neck is really starting to hurt. So, I needed to put me brace on for the extra support. I'm now 5 hours into training. I've done 5 hours twice before, but this is the best I've felt during any training session. Hour, I felt great. So, I'm sitting down now for 8 minutes more rest. Got me massage gun here. I'm going to get some blood blood flowing into me legs. Cuz that's the thing when you're punching all the time, I feel like the blood flow stops to your feet cuz I'm not bouncing around on me feet. I'm just like kind of standing still turning me hips, but me legs not doing anything. So, I feel like putting this on me legs feels good and it's uh put on me feet as well. Hopefully, it helps with the blood flow cuz my me legs me feet go a little bit numb while I'm training. It's funny. are coming here Saturday morning the gym's pumping really busy when I start and then little by little people leave the trainers do their workout and they'll leave and now it's 400 p.m. on a Saturday I've been here since 10:00 I'm in the gym by myself. Yeah. So I'm going to stop this now because I want to enjoy me last couple of minutes rest before I start punching again. Let's see how I get through this session. Tomorrow I'm planning on having a day off and then the next day I'm going to have a 12 round thrill of the fight fight with Shaz who is the CEO of Half Brick who owns Thrill of the Fight and that's going to be 12 3minut rounds. So cuz I've sweated so much fluids I'm getting back on the LMT. So I've got 1 minute left of round number six. So this is me sixth hour of boxing. We'll have a 10-minute break after this, we're going to round number seven. Doing 15 minutes on, 10 minutes off. And during me 10 minutes this time, S's going to give us a massage. It's a massage gun. So, round six, 30 seconds left. Me breathing feels great. I'm fit. It's just starting to feel sore now. Me hands are really sore. and me shoulder joints rather than me muscles and also on me toes cuz I'm I'm getting lack of blood flow to me toes also me lower back basically everywhere trying a bit of bare foot socks on a 10 minutes off before round number seven so I want to take this off it's so lie on Yeah. Where's it tight there? Yeah. Oh, so that's it. 7 hours is done. My arms, shoulders are feeling absolutely pumped. Feel like I'm getting bigger. The biggest I've ever been. of all of this punching. I feel good. Like my breathing is fine. I'm fit. It's just things like the joints in me shoulders, me lower back, and me toes from all of the little to nonm movement that they're doing. So, I got 3 weeks to go before the event and I'm happy with where I am. But it's now 6:10 p.m. now. I've been in this gym all blurry day. Me phone is just being blown up with messages from me team. I've got loads of work on that I'm missing because of I'm training for this. It is a bloody full-time job, I'm telling you. So, I've got to work extra hard to work on me businesses and then obviously me family as well as well as this. But this what you got to do. We got to do hard things. We got to challenge ourselves. We can't stay stagnant. Well, not me. I'm not that type of person. If you want to do what no one else has done, we've got to do what no one else does. And that's what I'm doing now. punching a bloody heavy bag for seven hours in the gym. So, I'm about to have a 12 round fight for today's workout and I'm fighting the owner of Half Brick, which is the company that owns the Full of the Fight VR game and that's what I'm going to be having this fight on for on me training. So, I'm having some preworkout now. I've had me right sort of breakfast for a good sleep last night. So, I'm taking this training session like I would take real sparring session if I was find if I was in a training camp, which I kind of am in a training camp right now for this Guinness World Record. So, yeah, I've got to prepare right because later on this afternoon, I'm going to go to Re Gym. I'm going to be hitting the bag for as long as I can as well. So, yeah, this world record I'm taking it serious and this fight I'm about to take serious as well. How's it going, mate? How are you? Good. How are you? Good, good, good. Good to see you. These fights that I'm having with Chenille is amazing. I'm getting such a good workout in because he is very competitive and I'm very competitive as well. So, we're both pushing ourselves for 12 three minute rounds. So, 12 rounds down and I've won every round which I'm really happy with cuz I've played Chaz in the past and I normally do win the first few rounds but he's really fit and he would normally come on strong after that and start beating me the last half of the fight. So, which makes it a bit closer. But this time, because I've been doing these long training sessions, me fitness is kind of through the roof now. And in between the rounds, I was recovering fast. And then me output was more as well. Yeah, I felt a big difference. Now, just look at all of this sweat. Me top is absolutely dripping. Look at that. So, I repeated this training process for the next few weeks. waking up, having my four sigmatic coffee, eating right, going to the gym, hitting the heavy bag for hours and hours and hours, then focusing on my recovery, then playing fill of the fight too, and then repeating this day in day out. And what is crazy, I was going to the gym at like 900 a.m. and not leaving till 1000 p.m. But my reason for doing all of this right now is absolutely huge. Even though I do have some self-doubts kicking in my brain. We're leaving for Dubai in the morning and I've just paid the biggest expense yet for this whole thing. And it wasn't the flights for me and me family to travel to Dubai. It was to pay Guinness World Records for the adjudicator to be there for the event. And this was a whopping $16,000. These expenses doesn't end here. They keep building up and building up as you're going to see later on in this video. But one good thing about paying this $16,000 is now I can finally after all this time speak to someone in person from the Guinness World Records. It's been very hard to contact them up until now. And as well they're going to be at their event making sure everything is set up right so I'm doing the correct things. So we've arrived in Dubai and we've got 2 weeks before their event and I still had so many things to organize like the people who was going to be counting my punches. hiring people to do the live streaming, choosing the gymnation location where I want to do the event, setting up the heavy bag, the start times, and on top of that, I needed to do some more training sessions, including one big training session of 12 hours, which is going to be the longest session that I've done yet. Today, we're going to the gym to meet David, who's the marketer manager of Gym Nation, who's been helping organize this full event. Now, we spoke about what gym to use and we've decided on Motor City was the best gym to use because inside that gym, they've got large windows and I believe that natural light will help us when I'm doing this record. And I've also found out the heavy bag I'm going to be using is here. So, I'll be able to see that for the first time tomorrow as well. But right now, I'm going to go to the gym and do a quick 2-hour punching [Music] session. We flew my assistant Zen and her husband in from the Philippines to help organize everything that needs organizing. And what's great about this, Zen has worked with me virtually for five years. And today is the first time that I'm meeting her in person. [Music] Also, today the hair boots gloves and boots have arrived. So, we're going to have a good look at them and see how comfortable they are. And I'll be wearing these in when I'm doing my training sessions tonight. Look at these. They'll be changing every few hours. Yeah. So, yeah. So, the day I told him I said I wanted 10 strokes cuz the lighter so it be better for my shoulders. And then when I tried the one and tried I was like small I need 12. He's like I just I've just shipped the 10. I'm like oh. Oh. Yeah. But that that's the extra shipment. I think what's okay makes sense. These are 12. These are 10. the next one. If you would like to win one of these gloves signed by me, click the link below and enter a competition where I'm going to be sending you one of them. Now, I've got a meeting with the people who's going to be counting my punches. We reviewed everything and we go over exactly what they will be doing, even though I'm not still 100% on how this is going to work. Well, what I'm going to do on the on the day is I'm going to do 15 rounds, 50 minutes of non-stop punching the body, straight punches, fully extended, and then 10 minutes off. 10 minutes off is where I'll go rest, change your socks, get stacks, and change your wraps and gloves and then go straight at it for another 50 minutes. As time goes on, like let's just say when I'm into the 40th hour, 90th hour, I'm not going to be much for like 15 minutes. So, I might be like 1 minute, shake it out, 1 minute, everything will be here. I'll be out on that side punch and the cameras will be there. We're now doing a little test run, giving the guys a chance to count my punches to be able to try this out. And also, it's going to give me a chance to be able to see just how well these guys can count the punches. This is the heavy bag that I'm going to be using for their event. So, we're going to be testing the abuser bag right now, making sure the height's right because we've got this heavy bag stand and I think it might be a little bit too low. I don't want the bag to be this high, you know? I need the bag to be higher. So, yeah, we're fixing up now. Hopefully, everything's going to be right. So, we're having a bit trouble with the heavy bag stand. It's a little bit too short for me. Or maybe I'm a little bit too big for it. I try to mess around with the chains to get it higher. It's not good. But if you look, I'm I'm here. And if you've got a heavy bag or if you ever hit a heavy bag, you don't want to be bigger than a heavy bag. So, ideally, I should be like here bag. So, it's bigger than me. Here. Booster logo should be obviously above my head. Yeah. So, they're talking about putting this on some stilts now and elevating it up. I tell you what, this is an unbelievable heavy bag. It's really, really nice and I'm really happy that I'm using this one. After today, I'm feeling pretty overwhelmed with everything because I really want this event to go smoothly and there's so many moving parts to it. I've got some brilliant sponsors for this event that's actually making this event possible. You've seen some of the expenses up there now. So, without these guys, I couldn't really do this event, and I need to make sure that it goes super smooth. Not just the record, but also the live stream as well, because the last thing I want to do is let these guys down. So, I'm going to get on a call now with the adjudicator from the Guinness World Records. This is the person who's going to be there making sure I'm doing everything right. And this is the first time I've actually spoken to them. Hi, Tony. How are you? Hello, Emma. I'm good, thanks. How are you? Good, thank you. Nice to meet you. Feeling good about next week. You too. You too. Yeah, I saw you. Short notice, right, mate. You know what? I I wrote I wrote a text to someone the other day. I said, "I'm starting 9:30 a.m. on Sunday the 3rd 2nd of March and I'll finish at 9:30 a.m. on the 3rd of Mar." And I'm like, "Bloody hour, it's a long time." Tomorrow I've got a 12hour training session. This is the longest I will ever have done before. I'm here in Marth Gymnation in Dubai. Got all me gear. Look at this. I'm going to do the longest training session of me life. 12 hours. So, wish me luck. It's going to be bloody hard. So, here's the area where I'm going to be working for the next 12 hours. It's currently 7:30 a.m. in the morning here. I'm glad that I'm doing it in the middle of the gym. You know, keeps me mind occupied, punching when there's people around. Gives me things to look at and take me mind off what I'm actually going to be doing. So, I've got to have to strap these up. Little cuts here from all the wear and tear. So, I've got these gelled plasters. It's like second skin. So, the goal is for this to help my hand be less sore. I really hope it works cuz when you punch in the bag for so long, it's really irritating when you've got that sore knuckle. All right, now I'm going to wrap me hands up. Feels good. I'm getting recognized a lot today and a lot of people were waiting for me to stop hitting the heavy bag and then coming up and talking to me, asking for pictures, which was great, but at the same time, I really need my rest and recovery while I can. But I didn't do that. I just talked to these guys and got some pictures of them. And then during my 12-hour session, it was great to have Sarah and the girls come. I'm into me fifth hour now. 20 minutes into me fifth hour. Sarah and the kids have just come to give us a bit support for this monster session. Jade's counting the punches there. She's doing good practicing. How you feeling? I'm feeling good. Really good. like I'm not getting tired or nothing, but me shoulder and me hand is hurting a lot. So, it's like if I was just training normally a boxing session, I would definitely stop and be like, nah, this doesn't feel right. But because I'm here for this, I need to get through this session. I'm just hoping it doesn't cause an injury for the actual event. I don't think it will. was that bad, I would have stopped. But yeah, I need I need to get these in. I need to get the hours in. Need to get the reps in, the punches in. Sarah actually gave me a quick massage with this massage gun, which helped me massively get through this session. I'm 7 hours in. I went through five t-shirts, four pair of socks, loads of food and drinks, need 3 lers of water. Arms are feeling absolutely shredded. Got another 5 hours left. After finishing the 12-hour session, I'm not going to lie, I'm so bloody glad that this is the last long training session that I've got to do. So, this morning I'm going on a very popular radio show, the Chris Fade Show, talking about the record. This is on Virgin Radio, which is the biggest radio show in all of the UAE. Tony's in the country right now. is attempting to break a world record in March 2nd, your 40th birthday, for the most punches the throne in a 24-hour period. What is that world record? So, I've got to get over 40,000 punches. I feel like that's easy. And I want to do way way more. I want to get 120,000 punches in 24 hours, which is the equivalent of 1.4 punches a second for 24 hours. Let's be clear, to get the record, you need 40,000 punches in 24 hours. But you're like, "No, I want to do 120,000. Just do 451 the record." Why? Why? I want to make it hard to beat as well. And I want to push myself and I want to really want to be like, "What? He did that many punches." And that being said, I might not I might get to 40,000 like I've got I'm good now. So, you're not going to like not You're planning on not sleeping. You're planning on doing this just straight through the night non-stop. Yeah. Straight through. do no sleep for 24 hours. I'm planning on doing it, but you know, when I'm into that in that 19th hour, I've just got no idea what my mind's going to be saying to us. So, that was a lot of fun doing that with Chris and Rossy and uh yeah, I think I think it went well on Virgin Radio and wasn't as intense as I thought it might have been. Been a while since I've done a live radio interview. I think the last one was Sun FM in Sun years ago. So, yeah, I'm very happy with that. So now that's done the Chris feed morning show interview bringing some more publicity to the event. So what I've got to do later on today is go and meet the people who's going to be live streaming for the full 24 hours of the record. Making sure that's on point. And I'm a little bit anxious about the live stream cuz the last thing I want is for this live stream to go off during the world record. One week before the event and this is going to be my very last training session. I'm just going to do a quick one in and out. I just did a 90minute session in gymnation. There's 7 days exactly until the event and I'm not going to do any more long sessions. So, I just thought I'd do the 90 minutes. I did it fast. I didn't stop once throughout the whole time. I got really bored this time when I was punching. I mean, it's always pretty boring after so long, but this time I got so bored. I was planning on doing 2 hours, but I got that bored. I only done 90 minutes. Uh, so there's 4 days until the world record actually starts and I've been told I need to carb up 3 days before. So my carb loading starts right now. So I'm going to be eating tons today. Getting my cells and getting my body just full of energy that can be released on Sunday when I start this. We're headed to the buffet breakfast to see what's there for carbs. to try and get as many carbs in me as possible. Chocolate croissants. Chocolate croissants. I don't know how many carbs you're going. What are you going to have? Um, wait, there's potatoes for you. Yeah, potatoes. And there's yogurt. Yogurt's good. And I got a bunch of bread. Bread. Yeah. Good. And rice. Rice. Rice. Um, bananas. Bananas. Oh, and um, do you know that it says it's called eye open and drink? Oh, yeah. I wish any carbs. Ooh, pizza. Do you think that has carbs in it? Yeah. See what else we got here. Got some eggs. Not going to have them. Beans. Browns. Good morning. Jordy picked me this. Good. Okay. I meant to be that. Loads of carbs on your plate. But look at this. I'm a food snob. This is just drenched in oil and breast getting it's crappy oil like sunflower oil or something that I can't eat them. Breakfast was not very good. I had a bowl of honey and I dipped me banana in it. I had it too fast. I was like nearly being sick. Really? Yeah. My kids have found some Guinness World Record books in the hotel that we're staying in. So, we had a little read of them and it's crazy to think just how famous these books are and even crazier to think that I might be in one of these from what I'm doing this week. How do you feel about dad might be in one of these next year? It's going to be so so so cool. Remember that. We're going to get back to Oh, it's going to be so cool. Dad's going to be right there. Dad's going to take one full page. Dad, actually, you might take one for um both of these pages. Oh, that'll be cool. Zen and I are finalizing the details of the timetable, organizing exactly who's going to be there, countering my punches, making sure that these people have got certifications and they are approved from Guinness to be able to be key witnesses in this record attempt. So much that needs organizing. We need to send Guinness every single person who is reviewing my boxing certifications and get them people approved. And we're cutting it a bit a little bit close here because it's only a couple of days left. wall clubs, peanut butter, smoothies. [Music] How many meals is that today? You want four meals? Four meals and it's 3:00. Yeah, three. I know. I just keep eating as much as possible. That's good. [Music] So, you got 2 days before the event and there's so much to do. I didn't realize how much work there was. I'm just getting more and more work off Guinness. Like, every single person that is going to be reviewing my punches is a witness that they're called to make sure that I'm doing it correctly and that it counts right. Has got to be certified in fitness or boxing, but not my boxing certification. and we've got to send them to a Guinness to get approved. And cuz it's Friday right now and I'm doing this on Sunday, they're off work on Saturday and Sunday. So, I've got to get it right now. So, I'm rushing now. We've got over 20 people who's going to be witnesses. If I get all of their certifications into the system, get them approved witnesses by by Guinness. Yeah, it's been a bit stressful to say the least. So, here is all of the certifications from people who was going to be helping me. What we've got so far. Yeah, they're coming in. Got to get them. Send them straight over to Guinness. And I've got Zen here, my assistant from the Philippines, who's doing an absolutely amazing job. I don't know what I'd do without her. It will be very stressful. Now, I think I know why this record's not being done before. Not because it's 24-hour punching. It's going to be so bloody hard, but the organization and the cost of doing it. It shockers a lot. More potato. It's a night before carbon right there. The night before the world record. What do you think about your son doing a world record? Round the ben. I don't know about a world record. We got to have the world record of eating cuz he's never stopped getting them carbs down him. I think he's going to get two gifts for the record holder. Really? In one. One for punching and what's the other one? One for punching again. One for punching again. Already has two G. He has one Guinness World Record already. One for world best get a cuz I think he's going to get Guinness World Record. What does that mean? Does that mean if I didn't get it tomorrow, it wouldn't wouldn't matter. Yeah. What it also you tried to hold it, right? It doesn't matter. Yeah. Why do you get today's record? It only matters with you. Okay. So, the staff at the Rison Hotel here have just give me this cuz Sarah told them about tomorrow. Says all the best and Jesse's got us ped. So, I never order desserts when we come to restaurants like ever. And because I need the sugars, the energies, the carbs. Yeah, I'm going to do it. You need all the energy and get that looks delicious. Then I smudge it in chocolate. Oh, that is nice. Overnight, the team has been in gym nation setting up for this event. This is it. Today is my 40th birthday, and I'm about to do the hardest thing that I've ever done, both physically and mentally. Just woke up 7:30 and I got woke up by my three little girls with me birthday cards of the 40th birthday cards from me. And look at the back. Look at the back. It's for D and D. So this is it. The big day. Should I see the big day and big night and big next morning? Cuz it's not just a day, is it? This this is motivation here. Woke up at 5:00 this morning and then the toilet, come out of bed, try to run back to sleep and all of a sudden me just clicked thinking about exactly what I've got to do. And I could knock you out of sleep. Are you excited? Yeah. We got an hour until getting picked up. [Music] Woo. Thank you. So, exactly 1 hour from now, I'm starting the world record attempt. We're here in the Mirach with the farm. Don't cut your fingers on these this on the way to the venue right now. Feeling a little nervous. I'm more nervous about the way I'm going to feel. Yeah. Rather than what's happening. I'm nervous about everything, too. So, we're here in gymnation. Everything's getting set up for the live stream now and the the event. My heart's racing. I was absolutely blown away what Null and his team at the Space Studios have done setting up this live stream. It looks amazing. Really put me mind at ease. And also, they've been working with David from Gymnation making this setup look unbelievable. So professional. It really did make me feel good seeing just how good this setup looked. So, a big shout out to them for helping with all of this. Then the Guinness World Record adjudicator, Emma Brain, was there. I met her with me kids. made me feel a little bit nervous because it's really happening right now. And then I seen her talking to all of the expert witnesses, giving them a rundown of what will work and what won't work, which is making things a little bit more nerve-wracking for us when I see this. My longtime friend and boxing fitness gym owner Kerry Christie has came in from Los Angeles to help with this event as well. Also, team Hibusa is here as well. We've got Kyle and Scott and also the owner of Hibusa Boxing. and they've all flew in from Canada to be supporting us as well with these people flying in from around the world. It's unbelievable and it's really going to help me, which is great, but it's also a little bit of extra pressure. I'm not going to lie, because there's no turning back now. We're here. It's about to happen. And now we're getting started in a few minutes. And what's funny about this right now is I'm in the middle of this area and there's probably 100 people standing around and they're all probably thinking like, "Oh, look, there's Tony Jeff in the middle. Look at this. He's super organized. He knows what he's doing. He knows what to expect. And I'm there with a big smile on me face. And really, I don't know what I'm doing. I really don't. I This was an idea a few months ago. And now it's coming to reality. I've never done anything like this before. I've never organized an event like this before. And now we're right here that so many different things can go wrong. Not just with me when I'm punching for 24 bloody hours, but also with the setup and everything else. And in the back of my mind right now before I start this, I'm thinking, Tony, what the hell are you doing, man? What are you doing? But again, there's no turning back. It's time to do it. So, as I'm getting finally prepared, me 10-year-old daughter, Jade, who's drew me a little Guinness World Record book, she came up to me and we were talking and I stuck this little sticker on the bag just above where I was punching. And this really helped me through the event, which you're going to see a little bit later on. So, this is it. Everything is set. The live stream is running. We've got the adjudicator right here about to announce it. We've got all the official people who are counting the punches ready. We've got the people watching them people making sure they're doing their job. I've got my wife here making sure I'm right. We've got Zen checking everything out. We've got Kez here making sure everyone's right. Team here, Bruce, is here playing their part and helping me with everything as well. The setup is looking great. We got one screen with the timer. We've got one screen there that's going to have the numbers on of the punches that I'm doing in real time. I've got the comments from YouTube coming in right there as well. So now it's time to do this and start this world record. There's nothing else in my way apart from this bag. And I'm about to be here for the next 24 hours to start punching it. So my name is Emma Brain. I'm an official adjudicator for Guinness World Records. I've been trained by Guinness World Records to officiate, adjudicate, verify, and award Guinness World Records titles. So, what Tony is attempting here is the most full extension punches in 24 hours. That means for 24 hours, he can punch the bag and we will verify whether the punch is good or whether it's not good. So, there are rules. He has to hit the bag with force with a full extension. and he has been given a target and that target is 28,800 punches and you are allowed to take rest breaks but the clock still keeps ticking. So we are ready for this Guinness World Records titles attempt. The timers are ready. Witnesses, are you ready? Tony, are you ready? Ready. Okay. Three, two, one. This is it. We're away now. How the punch counter works is every time I throw a right hand, the official who was counting the punches, they will press the space bar on the computer and that will add two punches to the TV and it will be two punches because every time I throw a right hand will be after a left hand. So it's going to be like a 1 2 3 4 5 6. So it's easier for them to count every two punches than every one punch. During this first hour, I felt great. Got so many people watching us in person and also I'm seeing the YouTube comments coming in which is really good. It's really distracting me mind. Hours two, three, four went great. I'm chatting with people online now and people in the gym are coming in and going out. I was having some quick breaks where I was running the toilet getting some fuel into me body. Then we've got Medie here who is a trainer from Gymnation was helping me. He's giving me little massages on me head, on me shoulders, keeping me arms loose as well, which I wasn't expecting, but wow, this was a huge help. Having me morning for sigmatic coffee in between sets, of course, and a little lollipop to keep me blood sugars high. Then, to my surprise, while I'm hitting the heavy bag, I see out the corner of me eye someone who looked very familiar. And this was Joey in school, a guy who I fought in the 2005 ABA final. Joe come to surprises on me birthday. I was over the moon to see him. And to me, surprise, Joe was helping us throughout the full 24 hours of this event. It was amazing. Then we had Toby coming in from Dubai Sports Massage. Really helping us out. One thing that was surprising is how much me legs were aching even though I wasn't doing anything with me legs. So what he's doing right now feels great and it's priming us up cuz I've got 18 hours left. 18 hours. Then about an hour later, my best friend from Sunland, Tony Burden, I was like, is that Pone? He walked in the gym as well. I'm punching the bag thinking, what's going on here? Where's he come from? come to surprise me for me birthday. Then on top of that, my mom arrived from the UK as well. I'm like, "Oh my god, people are coming in surprising us for me birthday and for the record as well, which was amazing. But I really had to stay focused. As much as I want to go and talk to them and give them hugs and all that, I couldn't do that. I needed to save me energy for what I'm actually doing right now." But when they did come, they helped me massively. Joe being a former highle boxer himself, he knows the ins and outs of boxing. He was spraying me, keeping me cool, keeping me motivated. Then I've got Tony Burden who knows what music I love. He was creating me playlists. I was putting on me headphones that was really helping getting me through these long rounds. Hour 10 came. I felt amazing. I had me music pumping. I had energy. I was talking to everyone in the comments. I was feeling great. You're the man, Chris. Thank you so much, brother. Me daughter Jade had the massage gun helping keep me coughs loose. Just felt really good having all me loved ones around us at this time. 10 hours, Charlie. 10 hours. That it, man. Let's do it. 10 hours. Is that it? Let's go, guys. What a team. Let's go. 11 hours. Let's do it, guys. Then our 11 came and I was still feeling unbelievable. I was about to hit 80,000 punches, which was a massive achievement. Come on. Let's do it. This felt great. I was smashing this. I was absolutely loving what I was doing. But I didn't realize all of this was about to change. But then after hour 12, it was now 9:30 p.m. on a Sunday night. The energy was dropping a lot physically and mentally. I was so tired. I'd never been in this position ever before in my life where I was right now. I was hungry. I was tired. I was exhausted. My shoulders were aching. Me hands was aching. Me back, me legs, me feet was aching. I was tired. And I just hit the halfway point. And I remember going to the toilet and thinking, "What am I doing here? How am I going to get through these next 12 hours?" I really felt like I'd hit a wall right now. But there was no choice but to get on with it. And when I went back, Sarah and me wife was planning to take the kids back to the hotel to get them some sleep. But the way I was feeling, I needed her. She's been my rock through all of the training to get to here. And now we were here at this event. And there's no one in the world knows me better. I needed her now more than ever, especially after hitting this wall. She's the person who I trust more than anyone in the world. So when I got back from the toilet, I said, "Sarah, I need you to stay." And without a second thought, she said, "Okay, I'm here." So Sarah stayed and my mom took the kids back to the hotel to get some sleep. Now I've got another 12 hours to go. And one thing I remember Jay Alderton told me was rather than thinking ah I've got another 12 hours to go. Just think I've got 1 hour to go and work at it 1 hour at a time. That's what I did. So I got through hour 13. The sweat was pouring out of us. But I had my LMNT drink, which is an unbelievable rehydration drink that I've been using for years now. I was mixing this in with me water and sipping this throughout the full 24 hours, keeping the salts in me body, which I need for the rehydration. And this helped me so much. Then hour 14, Toby came in and he gave me a massage. It felt great getting me shoulders loose and me lower back loose and me legs exactly what I needed. Then I got back into it. After hour 14, I went for a toilet break. I've been tracking how many calories I'd burnt using me ring. And up to now, I'd already burnt over 9,000 calories. Hour 15. Let's go. [Applause] So, I've just hit 100,000 punches. That is a very big milestone. And the comments that's coming in on YouTube is amazing. People are saying, "Tony, I went to bed and you were punching. I woke up and you're still punching. You're a machine." I was getting so many comments like that and you know, I never thought about like that because I'm just working 1 hour at a time. So, I've done 15 hours now and it's been strange. to start off great for the first 10 hours. I went hard the hour 11, then hour 12, I hit a wall. I I I thought I was done. But then I got some energy from somewhere hour 13 and now we've just completed hour 15 and uh I felt really good. So, it's been like weird. But yeah, I'm I'm happy with how everything's went past 100K. Hour 16, Toby was there giving me massages, helped me. I had Sarah there filling me full of the right nutrition. She was speaking to G Alden on a text message. We're working together as a team and I was in a great place mentally now. I was in the zone getting through it. I've done 17 hours now going into hour 18. This has been my most fearful part of the full thing. It's like 2:30 a.m. and I'm fatigued. I'm hungry. My hands are sore. I'm tired. and I'm just going to get more tired and more fatigued. This is the bit where I've been wondering how will my mind react when I've got all this stuff going on in me m with me brain and one side of me brain is going to tell me soon what you doing Tony stop I've already got the record like stop but I need to fight that side of me brain the other side and say [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you mate I'm not stopping it I'm doing this I'm going all the way through so yeah I hope it says that anyway so we'll soon find out. But yeah, this is the time this is the part I'm nervous about the most. So now when you look hour 17, you think, "Oh, look, he's nearly there." But really, I'm not. I've still got 7 hours left. 7 hours of non-stop punching. After 17 hours, and it's 2:30 a.m. in the morning. It's bloody crazy. And another crazy thing that was happening was when I started this, it was 9:00 a.m. in the morning. It was bright outside. It was sunny. Then the evening came in and it got dark and now it was around 5:00 a.m. in the morning and it started to get light outside again. This made me think, wow, I'm starting to get there now and I only had 3 hours left. I said to Toby, 3 hours left. And he was like, 3 hours? You've got 5 hours left. And I turned and I looked and I had 5 hours left. I was only in hour 19 when I thought I was in hour 21. And I'm guessing because I was so tired, a little bit delusional by now that I just got all of the numbers mixed up and I thought, "Yeah, I've got three hours left." But no, I had five hours left, which was hard, but I got on with it. And then it came, it was hour 20, hour 21. And it was around hour 21 where it was really burning me shoulders. Every time I threw a punch, the punch had to go all the way out and come all the way back to me face or it wouldn't count. And the officials who were there who was reviewing all my punches, they start telling me, "Tony, you need to keep your hands up. You keep need to keep your hands up." Because when I was throwing a punch and it was coming down to here, that doesn't count. It's got to come back up to here. The difference between bringing my hand back to here and back to here was crazy painful. My shoulders were on fire. I could not bring my hands back to me face. And now this was the most painful I've been in the full event. And I didn't know what I was going to do. But then I looked and I seen the little blue badge on the top of the bag that my daughter Jade give me at the beginning of this event. And that was it. And I thought, what? A little bit of pain in me shoulders? Are you joking? And just looking at this little badge that she drew for me helped me not only get through that pain, but get through it strong. And now I was back. I was punching. I was burning like mad in my shoulders. But this motivated us to push through even further. These old man hands, Kyle, these have been punched today 100,000 times. My hands were very sore. They were all swollen. I had to put them in ice. And you don't think about this when you see someone punching. But the thing that's taken the most punishment is your knuckles. So my hands have been punched over a 100,000 times right now. And even wearing hand wraps was hurting them. So that's why I was taking them off. would have felt great putting them in this bucket of ice that my daughter brought for us. And one more interesting thing about this full event, what I've not mentioned yet, is I actually got told that I would never be able to punch again after I retired from boxing. And here I am doing the complete opposite of what the doctor told me, punching over a 100,000 times. And then we get to hour 22 and the adjudicator from Guinness came back in because she left like after a few hours of the event starting. And now she came back in and she'd seen me in that last round dropping me hands a little bit and she went and told the official witnesses who was marking my punches, he needs to keep his hands up or none of these punches are going to count. And they come and told me that this was the first negative thing that anyone had said to me since I started. Now I'm 22 hours in. I'm tired. I'm hungry. I am sick of throwing bloody punches. My shoulders are hurting. Me back's hurting. My hands are hurting. Me feet hurting. My legs are hurting. and someone's coming in telling me, "Keep your bloody hands up, mate." So, I went out in that 23rd hour and I thought, "I'll show you." And I punched that bag hard and I got angry and I was aggressive and I was like blasting that bag really hard, thinking, "Come on, I'll punch this bloody bag hard. I'll show you about bringing me hands back my face. No one's going to tell me what to do." I felt stubborn. I felt like saying to everything and I just started punching that bag as hard as I could, which was a little bit of a mistake because I got tired. He doesn't give up. He never gives up. He's got I don't know what it is. He's like a machine. He just doesn't give up. He's been like that since he was little. And seeing him now, I just so emotional looking at him. I can see his body's tired. He's so strong mentally. He's so focused. He won't give up. He'd have to collapse. He wouldn't never give up. I'm so scared in case he does. And what about the Olympics? You said that this seems even tougher than his time in the Olympics. In the Olympics, it was tough. Obviously, he was on a program and it went on and on and and then he went in and he did his fights. Each fight was difficult. Obviously, wanted to win, but with this, it's an endurance. It's so long. Well, at least at the Olympics, you had your time, you had your break, then you had your fight. This is this is an endurance. It's just gone on and on. To me, it feels harder and more mentally mentally and physically more draining. And how does it feel being here with him? I'm I'm so happy I'm here. I'm so happy. I really am. I mean, it was his birthday 40 years ago. I had him and I would have wanted to be here for his birthday. And this is just who chooses this for your birthday. And seeing him now physically, how do you feel seeing him? It's hurting us. He looks so tired. I know. He's just digging really deep now. He's pulling everything he has out and it's really hard to watch. I just want I just want it to be done now so he can rest. But I got through the 23rd hour and then I sat down and I relaxed and I had one hour left. Toby helped me get them shoulders a little bit loose. But by this point, like it's all mental. Everything was mental to get through this next hour. So I start pushing and punching and I was getting through. But by this time it was bright outside. And there was a big crowd of people, probably 200 people there right now. Everyone watching us for this final hour. There was thousands of people tuned in on my YouTube channel watching this last hour. The comments were flying in and there's little old me punching away on this heavy bag thinking this is it. The home stretch. I'm near it here. Then we got to the last 10 minutes. 10 minutes. 10 minutes. 10 minutes. I had my music pumping and I can see the finish line in the near distance. This is it. Me shoulders are numb at this point. Me hands is numb at this point. I'm punching. I'm going. And then it gets to the last minute and I pull me headphones off and I'm like, "Yes, this is it." And I'm like a bit of a zombie right now, but I don't care. Now, still throwing these punches and it gets the last 10 seconds and everyone's chanting. [Applause] 4 3 2 1. [Applause] [Music] Congratulations on behalf of Guinness World Records. It gives me immense pleasure to announce the new record holder for the most full extension punches in 24 hours was achieved by Tony Jeff of the United Kingdom here in Dubai, the United Arab Emirates on 3rd of March 2025. And I'm sorry it wasn't yesterday for your 40th birthday. So all that's left for me to do is congrats to your squad is to say congratulations. Yeah. [Applause] Now, I've got one Guinness World Record. I've got a great idea to do another one that's even bigger and crazier than this one, which I'm going to talk about in a second. But first, I just want to say I set out to do something that is crazy to show my children that you don't have to be an extraordinary person to do extraordinary things. You need to be a normal person like me, like you, who is willing to work hard and anything is possible. This is the same with all my career. I'm not someone who was born with loads of talent, who was really special. I used to work on a burger van, cooking burgers outside of the football ground before I went to the Olympic Games. But what I did do is I dedicated my life to the sport of boxing and that helped me achieve the success I had in boxing. And then when I retired, I've dedicated my life to my boxing fitness gyms and my business. And then my business just went one way. Then I've achieved this world record by doing the same thing by setting my mind to something and getting through it. And this is exactly what my kids can do when they get older. They want to do something, bloody do it. You can do it. You want to do something, bloody do it. Now that it's over, what do you think was your key to success in completing this record? The key to success in this world record wasn't thinking about I've got 24 hours was thinking I've got 1 hour getting through that 1 hour and then okay I've got another hour 1 hour at a time rather than the full scope of things and obviously key to success is preparation. You've heard the quote fail to prepare or you're going to prepare to fail. So so you need to really prepare and that's what I did. I put some a lot of work in and I prepare for this. Yeah cool. I really enjoy them. Now, I've done this Guinness World Record. I'm going to do another one that you can get involved with, and I'll tell you how to find out in a second. But first, I just want to thank a few people for making this Guinness World Record possible. Thrill of the Fight 2. Thank you so much to the team, Shaz, Ian, and Sue, for all of your help and support throughout this full journey. You guys are the best. Hey Busa, the best boxing equipment out there. Thank you so much, not only for supplying me with the great equipment and thank you for coming out there and supporting me on the day. For Sigmatic, my longtime friends, Forigmatic, the coffee is unbelievable. You've got to try it to believe it. Also, LMT, thank you so much for sponsoring me for this video and helping me stay hydrated throughout this full time. Also, I'd like to thank Gymnation for letting me use their fantastic facility. Alex from Enhanced PT, thank you for all of your help with the organization through this. I'd like to thank all of the expert witnesses that was counting these punches for so long, dedicating their time and putting their energy into this. You all did amazing. Thank you so much. And I'd like to thank every single person who helped me through this Guinness World Record. There's too many to list, but I really appreciate it. And then also my kids. Without my three daughters, I would never been able to do this. This idea would never have popped into my head. Now, finally, the person who I want to thank the most for all this is my amazing wife Sarah. Without her, nah, none of this will be possible. Not just my Guinness World Record, my YouTube, my businesses, my everything. So, thank you to my lovely wife Sarah. And then I guess one last thing before I get on to the Guinness World next Guinness World Record is thank you to you for supporting me through this journey. If you were watching the live stream, if you were commenting, that really did help me push through and get through it all. So, thank you. And now the next Guinness World Record attempt in 2026. My wife thinks I'm crazy. My kids think I'm crazy. I am bloody crazy. But you can get involved with this world record, too. And I can't wait to tell you what it is. And if you like boxing, you're going to absolutely love this. So, if you want to know what it is, I can't tell you right now in case someone else does this record before me. But what I will say is if you click the link below and drop your email, I will tell you as soon as I get confirmation for this wild world record and you can be involved as well. Meet me, work with me on this record. I'm really nervous and excited. So, if you click the link below, drop me your email and I'll inform you first, my friend. Thank you for watching this really long, bloody