Kind: captions Language: en the barrel rope. This is one of my favorite pieces of equipment in all gyms everywhere. And this is really beneficial for boxing, especially with the three drills that I'm about to give you. This won't only help you be able to punch faster, but it's going to really help you have some insane shoulder stamina as well. Maybe you've been boxing training and you're like, "My arms are really aching." and your hands start dropping and you've got to shake them out because you're tired. Well, my friend, I guarantee you if you do this just once a week, you will start to see your shoulder stamina improving like this and as well your hand speed and punching power again if you're doing these three amazing drills. And if you don't know who I am, my name is Tony Jeff. I'm an Olympic medalist boxer, former undefeated professional, seven times national champion, European gold medalist. And on this YouTube channel, I give you everything boxing. So, make sure you subscribe and let's get into exercise number one. Now, I've just changed my clothes and I got 10 years younger. Look at this. Not really. It's not me, it's me, mate. He's going to be doing the demos. I'm going to be explaining what we're going to be doing. So, the first exercise what we are going to do is regular shadow boxing. Now, if you get in your boxing stance and start throwing your punches the way you would normally throw your punches. So, what this is doing, it's really strengthening your punching muscles, which is your arms, shoulders, chest, and back. And you can relax there, mate. Now, we're going to show you a little drill that you can do when you are training this. But also, I'm going to talk about a couple more things that this is great for before we get into the next two drills. This is great for keeping that good form and technique because like I mentioned, your arms is wanting to pull down. You're focusing on bringing them back. So, imagine what you're going to be like when you start hitting the heavy bag and you haven't got something on your hands pulling you down. You're going to be way better. Same with hand speed. With the resistance training that this is, it's resisting you from punching fast. So, when you haven't got this rope, you're going to be punching even faster. And I'm going to show you this in a drill in a second. Well, I'm not cuz I'm too lazy. He's going to be showing you in the next drill. And then a couple more things this is great for is mental toughness. When you've got this battle rope and your arms were burning and your shoulders are on fire, you're just thinking, &gt;&gt; "Oh, I wish I was at home now with me misses. Get a nice little cuddle eating some whatever you eat with your misses." &gt;&gt; But no, you've got to push through it. You've got to fire through it and you got to get mentally tough like we need to do in boxing. And also, what this is great for is punching volume. If you can throw 100 punches in 30 seconds b, which you probably can if you're fit, imagine what you're going to be able to do on the heavy bag, right? Cuz without that resistance. So yeah, it's great for your punching volume as well. So the great little drill that you can do, you will punch with a bar rope for 30 seconds fast, good, long, great form. And I want you working on speed, power, rotating, great form. Then after your 30 seconds, you will drop the bar ropes and then go without them. Now look how much faster he is. He's flying there and you can relax right there. So, we didn't do 30 seconds there. We just done a little example. Then what you would do after that, you would pick them back up for 30 seconds, drop them for 30 seconds, pick them back up for 30, drop them for 30, and that would be your threeinut round right there. And and that with the other two drills that I'm going to give you will be enough for a great shoulder endurance training session at the end of one of your boxing sessions. So, let's move on to drill number two. We're going to pick the rope up. And this time, we're going to be focusing on hooks, throwing just hooks only. So, we going. Now, if you look here, he's rotating. Turn these hips. Now, this is great for working them obliques. Now, with this, we're really building the explosive rotational power that we need. And you can relax in real pokes. So imagine again, you've been here w with that resistance. It's pulling your arm back. It's pulling your arm down as you're throwing, but you're not letting your arm drop. What's going to happen when you get on that bag and you start smashing that heavy bag, mate? Think about it. That resistance is going to only help you. That shoulder endurance is only going to help you. And as well, when you're doing this correctly, do it again, mate. So now, right now, he's working his obliques. He's working his abs. And you can relax there a minute, mate. Which is what we need in boxing, especially that rotational power as well. Now, when you're doing this, get back on your boxing stance. This starts off with obviously the legs, just like any punch starts off with the legs. You're going to be doing a short twist with your legs and your hips. This is where you're engaging your core, which is really whipping your body round, and then it's when you're going to be firing them punches. So if you do it slow motion, mate, starting with the legs, he's engaging his core and then whipping them punches around as well. So this is basically, and you can relax, a full body workout, which boxing is. So again, with this drill, what you can do is do the same thing. 30 seconds on, 30 seconds off, 30 seconds on, 30 seconds off. Now, before I show you this last drill, which is also another great one that you should be doing. I just want to say if you're interested in improving your footwork like boxing, you should definitely check out the boxing fitness academy. This is stacked with every drill that you need to be able to fix your feet, which will fix your hips, which will then fix your punching, which will help you get fitter, get stronger, and be overall better boxer. Check out the boxing footwork academy. You can scan here or go to boxingfitness.com/footwork. The links are below and check out the boxing footwork academy. It's an absolute game changer. Moving on to the next drill. If that one's improving your hooks, this next drill, let me see if you can see what this one's improving. This and relax is improving your uppercuts. Now, if you seen there again, let's watch this in slow motion. You'll see his form is not great. This is not a real uppercut, but what this is doing is working the specific muscles that you need for throwing great uppercuts. Now, in fights, I get it. We're not there, but what we are doing is building the muscles that we need to be able to improve our shoulder stamina, improve our overall boxing fitness endurance, and as well get in great bloody shape. Because like I said, we're working our core here. And if you are eating right, my friend, and you're doing this sort of train at the end of your boxing sessions, what's going to happen? You're going to be absolutely shredded. That's why you can tell I haven't been doing these cuz I'm not shredded. Now, this is one thing that can improve your stamina. But if you want some real highlevel boxing tips that will 100% improve your stamina, you can click here and watch this video