Kind: captions Language: en There are thousands of different combinations that you can throw in boxing and is trying to bring it into the night of pocket. What a punch and there it goes. But if you master the four advanced combinations that I'm going to give you on this video, you can literally master any combination in boxing. And if you can master the defense move that I'm going to give you at the end as well, you will definitely level up in boxing. And if you don't know who I am, my name is Tony Jeff. I'm an Olympic medalist boxer. I won seven national titles, a European gold medal, and on this YouTube channel, I give you everything boxing. So, make sure you subscribe if you want to get better at boxing. But first, before I break down the four combinations, I want to test your boxing knowledge and your eyes. I'm going to throw three different five punch combinations on the bag with speed. And I want you to try and see what the combinations are. First combination, ho. Did you see what it was? Let's do it again. I throw one, two to the head, but it was a short two so I could get my body in range to throw that double hook to the body and then bringing my arm back to throw that single hook to the head. One, two, hook. Lovely combo. Next combo. Again, I love that. Lovely combo. What I did, I threw a jab the head hoping my opponent's hands would come up. Then I blasted that to the body. His hands come down and I went with a hook, two hook. That was the five punch combination. Next combo. Another great combination. I'm throwing a one, two, hook. And from that hook, I'm going down to the to the body, then coming straight back up with a jab to the head, changing my levels. But which combinations would be the ones that you should perfect? Cuz it's none of them ones. Now, if you notice, some world class fighters have some great combinations where they really fluster their opponents and then often knock them out. Pacquiao backs him up, attacks the body again, comes upstairs to the head. Tyson moves in for the kill. Two uppercuts and a left hand. Thomas tried to hold on. Serious trouble and down he goes. So, by perfecting these next three combinations and the defense on the end, you will be able to throw any combination with ease and speed and power. Number one is just going to be head punches. Number two and three, we're going to mix up head and body. And this right here is a Manny Pacquiao nine punch combination. Just watch this for the right. Oh, and a beautiful combination. Down goes. So, the best way to think about this combination is in three parts. One, two, hook, two, one, one, two, one, two. That will help you memorize it. And then once you can memorize them three combinations, put them together, it'll be a one, two, hook, do one, one, two, one, two. Then we can go full speed. It'll look like this. Not as fast as Pacquiao. Now, when you're throwing combinations, especially this long, you always want to do it slowly before you try and do it fast. Because if you can't do it with good form slowly, you're never going to be able to do it with good form fast. And you might be thinking, well, yes, that's Manny Pacquiao for these combinations. I'm not Manny Pacquiao and I get that. But it's always good to throw big long combinations like this just to get into habits of be able to throw multiple punches at the same time. And when you add in the double jab in that combination after the one, two, hook, two, the two's come back the face, your double jab two is going to come out. What that does right there, it only helps improve your double jab. Because think about it, if you can throw a good double jab in the middle of a combination like that, how are you going to be able to throw a double jab not in a combination? Much better. And when you are trying to throw this for speed, think about the sound of the punches b. When you're thinking about the sound of the punches before you throw the punches, it will really help with the speed, the timing, and the rhythm of the punches. Next combination. So, what I've done there, I started the combo off the same as the Manny Patio combination with the one, two, hook, two to the head. But what I did, my last two was a short arm punch and I kind of brought my head forward with it a little bit. This now puts me in the position to finish the combination off with the three hooks to the body. So, it's a one, two, hook, two, three hooks to the body. B. Now, for me, my favorite thing about this combination is how you finish it with that triple hook to the body. Just blasting in that triple lead hook to the body is going to really help improve your hook. Now, when you add on the end of this combination, that defense move I'm going to give you at the end, mate. Game changer. Now, the third combination, mate, what a combination that one was. So, what I did, I threw that jab, jab two. Ideally, if this was in a fight scenario, I would be throwing that combination to push someone back to get them onto the ropes. Then what I did after I threw that two, I br this back and then I drop to four hooks to the body. One, two, three, four. Then from there, I bring this back to my face, throw that lead hook, followed by the two. Then I'm going to do a defensive move, which is a side step, and finish the combination off with another two right there. Now, this is a very advanced combination. Now, it's time for me to show you what I think is the best defense in boxing, especially to add on to these long combinations. So, what is this defense? Cuz I told you it's not the slip, which is a great defense. If someone's throwing a straight punch at you to slip out the way of, it's not the roll. If someone's throwing a bent arm shot at you, you know, rolling is good, but if you're rolling, you're still in range to get hit. It is not the parry. Because if you try and parry and someone is throwing a faint, it's going to leave you open for the hook around the side. It is not the lean back. Now, the lean back is a great defense because if someone punches you when you're leaning back, the chances are that it's going to take the sting out of the punch. If you see Muhammad Ali on this picture right here, he was great at the lean back. But what it is, can you guess? Well, it is this. Did you see it? Maybe you didn't cuz it was that fast. If you watch again in slow motion, I threw the punches and I've stepped back with both my feet. And if you're adding the step back on after any combination, that's bringing you out of range to be able to get hit. And as well, it makes you look great while you're doing it. And as well, if you keep your feet apart while you do this, it puts you in range to be able to throw any counter punches you want. But to really perfect your feet, you need to do some footwork drills. And I've made the perfect video for you helping you perfect your feet. Click here and watch this video next. It's an absolute gamecher, my friend. Sick here.