Kind: captions Language: en On this video, I'm going to show you three different ways to end any street fight in seconds. Now, to do this, you don't have to have been a boxer. You don't need to have fighting experience. You just need to be able to do these things with a little bit of confidence. Now, before I show you the first one, I just want to say if you are going to have a street fight, what will happen is you're going to be really nervous. So, what you need to do is breathe. Try and slow that heart rate down because the last thing you want to do is lose this fight because you're getting really tired, which you will get tired if the fight goes on long. So, relax, get that heart rate down, and get ready for what you're about to do. Now, the first way to win this fight, people will frown upon this. People will say, "No, that is not right. You shouldn't do that. It's sneaky." But I'll tell you what, mates. If I'm about to out of a fight, I don't care about being sneaky in fights. You've got to do what you've got to do to win that fight. So, yes, this one is sneaky. Yes, this one is not fair, but I don't care. Now, one more thing I just want to see on this before I show you it is the best thing to do is never fight. What I'm showing you right now is ways of being able to win fights if you've done everything you can to walk away and this guy is still trying to fight you. So, what I'm going to do, I'm going to say, "Listen, I don't want to fight. I'm going to put my hands out there. I don't want to fight. I'm getting that space in between us." And then I'm going to say, "Please shake me hand. I don't want to fight." What this big tough guy might do, he's either going to slap me hand away or try and shake me hand. What I'm going to do as soon as he grabs that hand is I'm going to pull him slightly towards me. I'm going to hit him with this right hand as hard as I can across the face. And it looks like this. Listen, mate. I don't want to fight. Please shake me hand. Shake me hand. He's done. He's out there. I don't care. I'm getting away right now. Now, you might be thinking, well, you shouldn't throw that first punch. It's up to you. If you don't want to throw the first punch, don't throw the first punch. That's your decision. I will throw the first punch if he's about to attack me or my family. Now, moving on to the second way of winning the fight. This time, what I'm going to do when he comes up and gets into me face because we've seen so many clips of street fights when the big guy gets inside of the other person's face like this. What I'm going to do from here, I'm going to take a step back with my right foot. I'm going to bring my head back and boom, headbutt as hard as I can with the my forehead in the face, on the chin, wherever it hits. And then if he takes a stumble back, it's right then. I'm going to come in and throw them punches. If that punch misses, I'm just going to keep going. I'm going to keep punching until I'm safe to run away and get out to safety. Now, the third way, and this one will end a fight in seconds. What I'm going to do from this position right here, I'm going to do the similar to the first one. Listen, mate. I don't want to fight. I'm going to get that space in between us. And rather than trying to shake his hand, because this guy is aggressive, I'm going to hit him as hard as I can. Not in the face, but in another part of the body that's got no muscle on. It doesn't matter how big or strong you are. If you get hit here, it's game over. And that is in the solar plexus where your ribs meet. If you just touch yourself right here in the middle of the ribs, you will feel it right there. Now imagine, oh, a punch there. It's game over. And it'll look like this. He comes up. He's getting in my face. I never want to be square on. I'm going to put my hands up, bring my back foot back in my fighting stance. Listen, mate. I don't want to fight. Then from there, I'm going to turn my hip, throw my right hand as hard as I can, hit him in that solar plexus, and it'll look like this. Listen, mate. I don't want to done. It's over. Now, for you to be able to do that, you need to learn how to punch. And I've created this video right here where I show you how to throw a punch like that.