Kind: captions Language: en Never do this again in sparring. I don't care if you're a beginner, you've been boxing for some time, or you're an experienced fighter. If you do these three things in sparring, not only is it going to make you worse at boxing, that's also going to hurt the community inside of the gym. And I know this because I used to do a lot of these things. I've actually sparred thousands of rounds. I've sparred and fought some of the best fighters in the world and worked with the top coaches. So, when it comes to what you should be doing in sparring, what you shouldn't be doing in sparring, I know a little bit about that. Now, the first thing is pretty hard to stop doing, especially if you're in there with a beginner and you're sparring with a beginner. You might be moving around. And what that is, if this guy lands a good punch on you, your reaction is everything right now. Because what we tend to do when we get hit from a good punch, whether it is off a beginner or someone with experience, what do we do? What do we do? Come on, think about it. You know what we do, right? All right, myth. I'm going to get you back for that, right? We've got this in our mindset because we're fighters. We've got egos, whether you like it or not. We have. And then boom, we throw a hard punch back. Now, if that's a beginner we spawn with, that can dishearten them. that can make them not want to come back train and again which is bad for the gym in hole. It's bad for that person. You look like a bloody bully and again I've done this myself and I'm not proud of it but you look like a bully in the gym because we've got a big ego and this guy shouldn't be hitting us like that. Now, if it's someone who is at your level and they hit you with a good punch and then you're like, "All right, no bed. I'm going to get you back for that." And then you end up boom hitting him back hardy and ends up hitting you back hard, then what it does, it turns into a bit of a dingdong, like I like to see, a little little bit of a hard sparring session, and then the learning kind of goes out of the window. Then we more focused on trying to win this as if it's a fight, and our egos are taking over again. Now, the best thing to do when someone lands a good punch on you, actually, there's two things. The first thing is accept it. Wow, good shot. Cuz I'll be like, what do you mean good shot? It wasn't an accident. It wasn't a fluke. Was a shot that I meant to hit you with, Who you talking to again? Ego. This is an ego. But it's true. Someone tell me I hit him with a good shot. Yeah, I was a good shot. I'm a good boxer. What are you talking about, mate? So anyway, you could see a good shot or even just nod your head, right? That's one way you could accept it. The other way is think about it in the ring and analyze why that's just happened. Why did I get hit with that punch? Was I being lazy? Was I dropping my non-punching hand? Was I going that jab and bringing it back down here rather than up here? Analyzing yourself in the ring. And that's going to really help you improve rather than doing the other thing that I mentioned. Now, moving on to the second thing that you shouldn't do in sparring, which again, mate, something that I did, I'm not proud of. When I look back at me when I did this a few times, I just think what a What am I doing, man? Ego. And this would happen a couple of times. One was if I didn't want to be in the sparring session, which there was one time I remember in Sun ABC when I'd done a full boxing session and my coach was like, "All right, Tony, you spawn now." I was like, "No, I'm about to leave." Said, "No, you spawn." Like, "No, I didn't want to spawn." But the coach made me spore. I got in there with Warren Ba who was a ABA champion, great fighter. And because I didn't want to sp I'm tired, I don't want to do this. I let Warren punch us in the face multiple times. I wanted to show the coach like I'm not bothered. Go on, you can win the round. Now, how absolutely barbaric is that? How stupid is that? Letting someone punch you in the bloody face. And I also done this before when there was someone I was spawn with who come from a different gym and I wanted to show him like, mate, you can't hurt me. I would let him punch you in the face. Again, absolutely bloody stupid. That sort of behavior shouldn't be allowed in gyms, right? And nine times out of 10 it's not. But what that's doing is long-term damage. That's took some brain cells out of me. Now, if I didn't do stupid stuff like that, maybe I would be able to speak better. Maybe I would be more successful. Maybe I would be a better dad right now. Maybe I would have a sharper mind. Probably, right? But I had no one telling me this stuff. You've got someone like me telling you this stuff. So, please drop the bloody ego and and and don't let anyone ever punch you in the face. Even if it's someone with less experience than you who's not punching hard, definitely don't be letting them punch you in the face, mate. Now, moving on to number three, which is another big one where this is just going to make you look like an absolute cool, right? You don't want to look like a tool. You want to look like a great sportsman, a great boxer, an athlete, someone who is fit and strong, who's got a great boxing IQ, right? So, do not do this one if you ever sparring. Before I tell you about that, I just want to mention one quick thing that will help your spore way, way better, right? If you can improve this one thing, and that is footwork. If you can improve your footwork, not only will this make you punch faster, punch harder, make you harder to hit, be less predictable, have better faints, have better counter punches, improve your whole boxing ability, but it's also going to improve your boxing IQ. Now, the way you get better footwork is working on the specific things to you that you can improve on. But what we tend to do is go to the gym and work on the same thing as everything everyone else. There's a guy who's 6 foot tall who is weighing 200 lb is doing the same work as someone who's 5'5 and 200 pound, right? They shouldn't be working on the same things. They should be working on the specific things to get better at. Now, on the boxing footwork academy, this shows you exactly what you need to work on to improve your feet. And like I said, if you improve your feet, everything else in your footwork game will improve. Now, you can get all of the details about the footwork academy by scan here or going to boxingfitness.com/footwork. The links are below. And I'm telling you, mate, this is an absolute gamecher that will help you improve your feet and your overall boxing IQ, which who wouldn't want to do that, especially if you're sparring. Now, moving on to the third thing that you shouldn't be doing in sparring. You've been in there where you might be in there with someone who's better than you or with someone who is not as good as you and they throw a punch and you've slick out the way of it and boom, you hit him with a counter punch. Then you're moving and he throws a hook too. You might roll that hook. You might slip that too. You might turn, pivot, come back with a hook and then you're back there and you might be sparring. Unbelievable. This guy cannot land a glove on you. And what is your behavior right then? Do you celebrate? Do you smile? Are you like, "Yeah, mate. Cocky with your hands down." Mate, don't be a dick. Stay humble in your sparring, whoever you're sparring with, because one day you could have the best spar ever. You could be amazing. The next day you could spar that same guy and you could boom, he could stick one on you and, you know, make that nose bleed. So, you never want to be a dick. You want to be humble. And also with this is after your sparring sessions are done, if you've just schooled someone, what is great and that person will really respect you if you do this one thing and that is give them some help and tell them why what you were doing was working and how they can improve. Only if you're doing it in a way where it's like, mate, you know, you need to do this, you need to. No, no, no. Just say, you know, good work, mate. You know, I noticed that when you are throwing your left hook, you're dropping your right hand. That's why I managed to land that lead hook. You know, if you want to do some technique sparring, I can do this. We we we should do this together because you were landing some punches on me that I would love to know how you did that as well. So, doing that is going only going to make you a way better training partner and help you get better at boxing and prevent you from being an absolute tool in the gym. Now, to be able to spar good, you actually need to improve your fitness because right by now you're blown, mate. Right? If you want to improve your fitness, you should watch this video next where I show you how to improve your stamina in box. Click here and watch this video