Kind: captions Language: en Help. [Music] Help. Get the phone. &gt;&gt; Call the cops. &gt;&gt; Call the cops. Stay the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] away. &gt;&gt; Stay the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] away. &gt;&gt; On this video, I'm going to give you three ways to never get punched in a street fight. Now, you might think, "Well, I'm never going to be in a street fight in my life." And I hope you're not. But I'm sure you will also agree that the world is full of bloody idiots that sometimes just want to have a fight. And you can't get out of them situations. And the next thing you know, you're getting punched in the bloody head, which we want to avoid at all cost. Now, it's better to know these three things that I'm going to give you and never need them in your whole entire life than needing to get out the way of a punch and not knowing what to do. So, if you watch this full video, I guarantee you it's not only going to help you if you ever do get them situations, but it's also going to give you some confidence as well. And if you don't know who I am, my name is Tony Jeff. I'm an Olympic medalist boxer, but I also was a nightclub dorman for years before I went to the Olympics and I've been in a few fisty cuffs if you like that I'm not proud of. So, make sure you subscribe to this channel for more great videos like this. Now, the first thing that you need to do, let's just say if you've got some screaming guy in front of you and this fight is going to happen, you can't avoid it. You can't run away. He's there. He's about to punch you. You need to make sure that you've got good balance. If the guy's in front of me there and he's going to punch me and I'm standing like this, I've got no balance. If you were in front of me right now and you pushed me and my feet like this, I'm going to fall over. So, how do you get good balance? Well, you put your dominant foot back. For me, I'm right-handed, so it's my right foot. If I put this right foot back there, and my feet's around shoulder width apart. if someone is in front of me there, I've got this good balance that if he did push me or if he did punch me, I'm not just going to fall straight over. So, understanding that. Now, the next thing kind of builds onto that is move your bloody feet. You've probably seen so many martial arts films where Jackie Chan is blocking punches and he's slipping and he's rolling and he's leaning back up the way he kicks. It's not realistic. What you need to do is learn how to step back like this, keeping in that good balanced position. Because trying to block a punch in a street fight or slip a punch or roll out the wave of a punch, you're still in range for that person to hit you. We don't want to get hit at all. But if you move back like this and he's throw a big sloppy punch, which these idiots normally throw, you've moved back out of the way. This guy then has threw that big stupid punch. And now he's off balance. And you've got your balance here like this, right? And from there, you could fire back with your own punch. Bum bum bum if you know how to punch, which at the end of the video, I'll give you a tip exactly how to throw a punch. And the third thing is adding on to the first two things. So remember, we've got that good solid base here with good balance. The second thing was moving back out the way. The third thing is keeping these hands up and in front of your face. Now, this is perfect for three reasons. The first reason is if he is for that big swinging right and you've stepped out the way and is coming around, where's it going to hit? If these are in front of your face, it's not going to hit your face. It's going to hit your arm like that. Now, the second great reason is you've got your hands up. you can throw a great fast punch, which I'll talk about in a second, from here, rather than the sloppy punch, which he's thrown from here, which people normally do. Instead, it's from here, and it's going to get there faster. Now, the third reason is psychological. Now, think about this. If you're in front of me and you want to fight and I'm standing there like this, right? You're going to be like, I'm going to kill this guy. compared to if I'm standing there and now I'm like this. You're going to be thinking in your head, this guy knows how to fight. He knows how to punch. Now, you've got to learn how to throw that perfect punch, which if you learn this, you can end any fight. I'm talking any fight, even if you were fighting me in seconds. If you learn how to throw this correctly, and I've created a video right here where I show you exactly how to throw the perfect punch. Click here and watch this video