Kind: captions Language: en Now, the method of this that I'm going to tell you is what my Olympic team GB coach Nigel Davies used to have me do in between rounds. Breathing. The one thing that we do the most without having to think about it is probably breathe. But why is it when we start punching something or we step into a ring, all of a sudden breathing becomes one of the hardest things to do and we start getting tired and out of breath. And if you're like me, your lips might even start to go blue. Well, that's probably because you've never been taught how to breathe correctly for boxing. I never got taught how to breathe correctly for boxing. Not many coaches actually talk about this. And if you've got a coach that is talking about breathing and telling you the things that I'm going to tell you on this video, especially about the stuff before you get into the ring, then you've got a brilliant coach, my friend. And if you don't know who I am, my name is Tony Jeff. I'm an Olympic medalist boxer and now I educate millions of people on my YouTube channel. So, if you want to get better at boxing, make sure you hit subscribe for more videos like this. Now, let's talk about breathing. And there's a few different times when we need to breathe differently throughout boxing. One is on the heavy bag. Two is in between rounds. Three is before we get into the ring if we're ever going to spar or fight. And four is when you're actually in the ring and you're going to spar and fight. So, I'm going to talk all about them and tell you the correct way of doing each of them. And make sure you watch this full video because they're all very important. Starting off with the first one, how to breathe when you're on the heavy bag. Now, this is not as straightforward as you may think. It's normally when people are beginners and they're hitting the heavy bag, they'll hold the breath because we tend to think if we hold our breath, we're going to get more power in the punch, like a But when we do that, not only are we going to get tired faster because we're holding our breath and using energy. Example, if we were swimming underwater, you get tired fast because you're using that energy and holding your breath. But what it's doing, it's tightening our body up. It's tightening our muscles up. When you get tight, you're not going to be able to punch as hard and as fast and as accurate and as fluent and as rhythmic as we need to when we're boxing. So, what you need to do is exale with every single punch. And this will help you get more speed in the punches, more power in the punches and everything else that I said, but more importantly will help you consume energy and not wasting energy for wasting energy sake. So it's a fast exhale and a fast inhale. But what tends to happen is you don't even have to think of the inhale. Just think about the exhale. And you can make different sounds with this. There's so many different sounds you can make. But just as long as you're exhaling as you throw them punches, you're going to be great. Now, moving on. The next one, which is very important, is breathing in between rounds. Now, the method of this that I'm going to tell you is what my Olympic team GB coach Nigel Davies used to have me do in between rounds when I would sit down in the corner. And that is take a deep breath in, hold the breath at the end for one or two seconds, and then let it out. Do it again and then let it out. And I do that three times. And what this is doing, it's helping me take control of my breathing. After a round, especially a hard round, what tends to happen is we'll get back to the corner and we'll be like, and that's just letting your breathing take control of your body. If you sucker in, hold. This is going to help get all of that oxygen into your body, help your heart rate slow down, and help you take control of that breathing after you've done three of them breaths. And then go to regular breathing, getting that energy into your body. The last thing you want to be doing is not even thinking about your breathing in between rounds and just letting your body breathe naturally every day. You need to learn how to get control of this and it will help you perform better in your training sessions and as well when you're in the ring. Now, moving on to the next two, which is before we're into the ring, right? What tends to happen? We're about to spar with someone. We're about to get punched in the face. Chances are you'll be a little bit nervous. What happens when you get nervous? Your heart starts to beat faster. Your blood starts rushing around your body. You're starting to waste energy right now before you even get into the ring because we've got nerves. We've got adrenaline. This is the same for a sport or a fight. So, what do we need to do? Well, we need to calm our nerves. We need to lower our heart rate. How do we do that? By taking control of the breathing. So, before you're getting into the ring for a spa or even a fight, focus on this. Think about this. Concentrate on that breathing. [Music] This is going to help you calm the nerves. It's going to help you feel better. It's going to help you heart rate slow down so you're not burning energy for burning energy's sake. Instead, it will definitely help you perform better when you get into the ring. As long as you're breathing the way I'm going to tell you when you're in the ring. But just remember before you get in there, nerves are normal. You need to learn how to control them nerves and take control of your breathing. And that's a big thing right there, my friend. Now, moving on to in the ring. This is a big one. This is a game changer. And a coach never told me about this method. And I wish the bloody did because it would have helped a lot. And not until I start coaching did I find out about this method. And I kind of learned it myself and kind of made it up myself. Moving on to breathing in the ring. What tends to happen? We'll get in the ring. Someone's in front of us. They're going to punch us in the face. What do you start to do? you start to tighten up just a little bit. Like now my hands are tight, my shoulders are getting a bit tight, and the guy's in front of us, but I'm feeling tight, right? Because I'm trying to think like if he supposed to punch him, I'm going to move out the way I'm going to punch him back. What we're doing when we're tightening up, we're wasting energy. Our muscles are all engaging. Our shoulders, our arms, our hands is all engaging because we're getting tight. What you need to do is breathe in there. Breathe the same way as you would do if no one was in front of you. Now, this is the hard thing because they're in front of us. We're getting tight. If he wasn't in front of us, we wouldn't be getting tight. So, let's not get tight. Let's stay nice and relaxed here. My hands is loose. My shoulders is loose. My legs is loose. My breathing is calm and relaxed. And I'm not getting tight. So, don't be holding your breath and tighten up when you're in the ring. And when you do this, as well as the tips that I've give on my other video talking about how to last longer in boxing, your boxing game will go through the roof. I guarantee you that. And I'll give you them tips on this video right here. So, click here and watch this video next. I'm sure you're gonna love it. Click here.