Kind: captions Language: en Mate, mate, on this video, we're going to go over the top 10 four punch combinations. Now, you can try these on the heavy bag in shadow boxing. If you're a trainer, you can hold the mits and try these with your boxer. And these combinations are actually real what you would use in a fight. None of this patter stuff. Now, starting with the first one. I absolutely loved using this in a fight. What we're going to do, it's going to be a one, two, hook to the head, hook to the body. So, it's one, two, hook, slip inside, boom, hook to the body. And we're going to show you that a little bit faster. But why this is so great if where we're in a fight and he throws a one two hook to the head to me, I'm blocking my hands up there. I'm wide open for that hook to the body. Boom. Or if he threw that one, two hook to the head and I try to counter with a right hand and he's slipping. Boom. Throwing in that body shot. So, a little bit faster. One, two. Hook head, hook body again. Again. Oh, lovely combination, but it's not as good as the next one, which I'm sure you're going to love. This is another great combination that you can do when you're inside. And this one is overput hook, too. Slip it side then hooking that body. Again, if we were fighting and he's we're inside here, come closer. And he throws them over hook two. Boom. Boom. Boom. And then whipping that one inside. Lovely combination. And I dropped someone in a fight with this punch. Here it is. Here I think he weren't too happy about that. Here it is again. Oh, a lovely combination, but the next one is even bloody better. And this one is a more basic combination, but it's great for cutting the distance down, especially if you're in there with someone taller than you. So, what you're going to do, you're going to be moving forward with a jab, jab, two, then a hook to the head. Now, visualize this. We're in the middle of the ring and I've got fast feet in the ropes there. He's coming forward with that jab. Jab, too. Boom. And I get to the ropes while I'm on the ropes. Boom. Whipping in that lead hook. Here it is. Here. Go. Oh, mate. Again. Oh, one more time. I like that one. Go. I'm sure you agree that is great. But these combinations are just getting better and better. Like the next one. This one is something that worldass fighters like Floyd Mayweather does. What this one is, it's going to be one, two, catch, body, uppercut, hook. Now, when you're around this side here, my box is going to throw one, two, and then I'm going to throw hook to the body. He's going to catch that one. Now, think about this. If we're in a fight and I've threw that there and he's caught it, where am I open? I'm open. Boom. There. Straight through the middle. And I remember I had this old boxing coach. He was about 85 years old. He was from Durham, a former national champion. And he used to tell me this. He used to say, "I want you to think of this, Tony. As soon as you feel that, that is like someone pressing the button. When someone presses that button, your arm automatically comes out. So, as soon as that button gets pressed, boom. That's your trigger to throw that uppercut. So, we'll do it slowly a couple of times, then we'll do it fast. So, it's going to be a a one, two, catch, uppercut, hook. And here it is. One, two, catch there. Bum, bum. Oh, again. Yeah. Now, we'll do it a little bit faster. Here we go. One, two, catch again. Mate. Mate, can you believe how good these bloody combinations again? Well, we're about to get a whole lot better with this next one, which is another great one on the ropes. What we're going to do here, we're going to throw two uppercuts and then whip in a massive [Music] massive left hook. Right hand. So, up hook, too. Go. Yes. That's it there. Not massive yet. We'll do it one more time, then we'll do some big ones. Go. Okay. Ready for some big guys now. Let's do it. Oh. Again. Again. again. Oh, mate. Mate, I just want to do them all bloody day long. But it would be a shame because if I did them all day long, you're not going to see the next combinations. What's even better than that one? Now, this combination is something that I absolutely love to do. It's going to be a one, two, side step, two hook. But when we're doing this, the way that I used to like to think about it, if I'm fighting my guy and he's up against the ropes and I threw that one, two, I'm kind of covering his vision right there. And from there, I'm stepping to the side. Boom. Changing that angle with our right hand and come back with a left hook. I used to try this in sparring all the time and it used to work all the time. That's a great one. So slowly, one, two, side step, two hook. Yes. Now, it's important when you're doing this that you don't go too far out of range or you don't come too close. You don't go too far out of range like this. One, two, side step. So, now he's too far. He's going to miss, right? Or the other way. What I see people doing, they're coming too close to me. One, two, side step. Like there, he can't throw that right hand from there. So, getting the distance on this combo is absolutely key. So, again, we're there. One, two, side step. Oh, mate. I bloody love it. And that side step really changed that angle again. Do it. Nice. All right, one more time, [Laughter] mate. I know you like that one. But before I tell you about the next few, which again are going to get better and better. I just want to ask you this question. Would you like to learn how to hold the mitts like this and charge for doing it as well? because we've got the world's number one boxing fitness certification course. This certification course is accredited by more organizations than any other boxing certification course in the whole world. And I've traveled the world with this course, teaching it both in person and online and you can get it too. If you scan here or go to boxingfitness.com, you will get all of the details. Learn how to hold the mits. Learn how to build a brand on social media. Learn how to turn holding boxing mits into a career. And my friend, you don't have to have been a boxer to be able to teach boxing for fitness. You need to understand boxing. On our certification course, we give you a perfect understanding of exactly how to teach boxing for fitness, how to charge for these sessions, and how to make a career in doing this. Go to boxingfitness.com, get all of the details, and hopefully I'll be working with you soon. Now, let's move on to the next lovely combination. Now, this is the very similar one where we added the upper cut in, but this time we're going to do a cross, hook, cross, and then whip in that massive hook to the body. So, we're here. Cross, hook, cross. Boom. Bit faster. Bit faster. Bit faster. Now, we're getting there to these big guys. The big guns, which you are going to love. The next one is, let me see. Where's me reading glasses? I haven't got them on. Savio, I think you borrow yours. We are going to do the Oh yes, mate. Now, this one is an absolute banger. We're going to be slipping off the jab. So, imagine if you're a boxer and you throw a jab and I try a counter with a big right hand. What you going to do? You're going to slip out the way again. Jab, slip, and boom. Where am I open for? Boom. Big hook the head. And that's the combination. Now, we're going to do a jab, slip, hook, cross, hook. Looks like this. Oh, again. Again. Oh, I'm having fun making this bloody video, mate. All right, moving on to the next one. Now, this one, before I move on to the last one, the last one is definitely my favorite one. We're going to just do a one, two, slip. Now, think about this. You throw one, two, I'm counting with a jab, which is the most common punch there. I'm open for the overhand, right? Boom. Then the left hook. Boom. And that's the combination. One, two, slip, two, hook. Go. Bam, bounce, bam. Again. again. Come on. Oh, mate. Let's move on to the next one. The final one, the big dog. Are you ready for it, mate? Are you ready for it? He's ready for it. Okay, this one is a great one. I like to think about if you're fighting a Mike Tyson on this one. What you going to do? Well, you'll probably get knocked out. We all get knocked out off Mike Tyson. But someone that size who's not very good, what you're going to do here, you're going to throw one, two, and when I come forward like a little Mike Tyson, you're going to take that step back where I'm open for. Boom. Boom. And there's the four punches right there. One, two, step back, uppercut, hook. After this one, I'm going to show you a different version of this with a couple of steps back. So the first one, one, two, step back up. Oh, that's that again. Oh, mate. Now, let's just think if I was really chasing them. And you got to step back twice this time. So one, two, step back, step back. Yeah. Again. Go. Man, what a bloody combination that was. Now, if you want to learn how to become a certified boxing fitness trainer with the number one qualification in the world, you can click here and go through to boxing fitness.com. Learn all about our academy. Come and work with me in person or online. and I look forward to seeing you