Kind: captions Language: en Come back with that right hand. Hell, mate. Sorry. &gt;&gt; I wasn't ready for I need to tense me stomach. I'm going to cry. I said cross the body, but I didn't say like I was telling them. I wasn't telling you. &gt;&gt; See what I'm dealing with here, man. I'm too old for this I'm done. Fighting inside the pocket is where the real fight happens. We haven't got time to make any mistakes because it could be that split second where you get hit. up and it's over. Now, on this video, I'm going to give you four of the best combinations for you to throw when you're inside the pocket. These combos, none of that pitter patter stuff that we see on social media. These are realistic combinations that can get you great results in training, in the ring, or even in a fight. And at the end of this video, I'm going to give you a great combination to be able to cut the distance down so you can be inside the pocket to be able to throw these combos. And if you're new here, my name is Tony Jeff. I'm an Olympic medalist boxer, former European champion, and now I teach millions of people how to box on this YouTube channel. So, make sure you subscribe for more great videos like this. Now, let's get into it with combo number one. Now, before we throw this combo, what even is inside the pocket? Well, what it is is when you're in range to your opponent here where he can hit me and I can hit him as well. And I'm going to be working inside this pocket area here throwing them combinations. Now the first combination is a one, two, slip, slip. But as you're slipping, you're moving forward. So it looks like this. One, two. He's slipping, slipping. He's moving forward. Now from there, he's going to throw that left hook in a short right hand. As he's bringing that right hand in, look what's happening. He's coming forward, loading up that lead hook to the body. Now, before we show you this in full speed, I just want to say when he is slip slipping and I'm going to be throwing my two punches at him, but you don't even have to be slipping punches to move your head. If you think of someone like Mike Tyson, he was slipping all the time. If so, if you're slipping like this, you throw the one two and you're moving forward, it's just going to make you harder to hit, right? So, you don't necessarily have to be thinking, I need to slip out the way of the punches. You can be moving that head just to confuse your opponent. But because we're doing pad work right now, I'm going to be making him move his head with these. So again, we'll do it slowly before we do a full speed. So it's a one, two, slip, slip, come forward, hook, boom. Whipping in that hook to the body. Now, I just want to show you one more thing before we do a full speed. I've just thought of there, which is that right hand. And why has he got to shorten that right hand? So we're going to do the one, two, slip, slip. Moving forward with that slip, slip. Now, if you think now he's in range, now he's inside my pocket, right? He's going to throw that left hook. Boom. And because he's so close, he can't throw a fully extended right hand. But even if he did throw that fully extended right hand, thick on my hand, he's not in a position now to throw that hook, right? He's too far away. So that's why we're going to shorten that right hand and bring this shoulder forward. Boom. There. Look at that. What would I do if he's hit me with that right hand? Right? If he's hit me there with that right hand, that's going to bring my arms up. And then from there, warm. Whipping in that body shot. So here we go. So go again. Nice. This side. Go forward with the slipstick. Perfect. Now I'm feeling that bloody shot there. Now if I didn't have this on, I would be on the floor crying like a one-year-old baby. But I have got it on. So let's just move on to the second great combination that's inside the pocket. Now this one is one of my favorite combinations to teach people. whether I'm teaching them for fights or for fitness, they love this combination. And I've got two different variations of this for you. The second one is my best one. So, what this combination is, he's going to throw one, two, I'm going to throw a lead hook at him. He's going to roll out the way of it, but he's going to step as well. So, it's going to be a one, two, roll step. But look what he's just done there. He stayed in range, but he's changed the angle to come back with that right hand. Oh, hell, mate. I made it. I wasn't ready for I need to tense me stomach. I'm going to cry. &gt;&gt; I said cross in the body, but I didn't say like I was telling them. I wasn't telling you. &gt;&gt; Sorry. &gt;&gt; See what I'm dealing with here, man. I'm too old for this Done. Do again. Do it there. Whoops. Boom. Perfect. Look at that combination inside the pocket. Not only is he changing the angles, but he's coming back to the head, then the body. Because if this was real, do it again slowly, mate. One, two. He hits me in the head. What's going to happen? My arms are going to come up, right? He's changed angle whip, which leaves me open for that body shot. Now, that's version one of this one. Version two, I like it even better because this time, what's what he's going to do is when he's rolling and stepping, he's going to throw that lead hook to the body at the same time. So, we're here slowly. One, two, roll step. Boom. Look at that. Now from there, boom, boom. Coming back with that. What a bloody combination that is. Let's do that one more time, my friend. Or two more times again. So it's there. One, two, roll, step, one, boom, boom. Now, the key with this one is when you're rolling and stepping, that punch and that back foot is going to land at the same time. It's that what's getting the power in that punch. Even though this is not a real power punch to hurt someone, this is more like a distraction to get the hands to come down and go to the head and go to the body again. But when you're stepping and punching at the same time, that momentum of that movement will get power in that punch. So do it again slowly without big power. Boom. Boom. Boom. Yes. Okay. A little bit faster now. We're here. Go. Lovely combination. Now moving on to combination number three. This is what I used to do in fights and have so much success with it. It's an absolute gamecher and it's actually a lot easier and more realistic to throw than the first two that we've just done. But before I show you this combination, I just want to say, would you like to learn how to hold the boxing mits and teach anyone boxing for fitness and charge for them sessions as well? If you get the boxing fitness certification, you can do this. And you don't even have to have been a boxer to be able to teach boxing for fitness. You need to understand it. And on this certification course, we give you the skills that you need to be able to teach boxing to anyone from around the world. Now, you can do this course online and you can earn this certification. It's the number one accredited boxing fitness certification in the whole world. We've worked with thousands of people and I would love to work with you as well. Whether you want to do it online or in person, go to boxingfitness.com and all the links is below and I would love to work with you and help you out on this. Now, this combination, you can see me doing it on the screen right now. And what I did there is my opponent is a big guy. He's got he's standing up right here. If someone's standing up right here, all I'm going to do as a fighter is just start throwing body shots. If I'm throwing body shots at him, what's going to happen? Eventually, his hand's going to come down. when it comes down, whoop, whipping in that hook to their head. Now, I'm going to give you a tip to be able to do this whether you're in the ring or a fight, which will definitely work. But let's just go through it slowly here. So, when we're inside here, all he's going to do is lead off with that left hand, then the right, then keep going until that hand drops, then boom, force it in. So, it's great to do this starting with four punches. So, it's a one, two, three, four, whoop hook, or you can do six, eight, as many as you want. And it's a great combination to work with on the bags as well. So, a little bit faster. So, we're going to do the four punches. Go again. Mate, why are you so hard? Why you trying to show in front of the camera, mate? Yeah. No, I'm not doing it again. Yeah, we're done now. We're done now. They've got the point. Now, I'm going to tell you what you can do to have success with this combination, which will sound obvious, but it's not. Because what ends up happening is you'll get in the ring and you'll be here and then you'll think, I remember that combination that Tony showed us. And then you'll be like, "No, if I bring my hands down here, I'm wide open to get hit in the head and you'll probably bottle it." What you've got to do is just bloody do it. You've just got to do it. Once you do it once, you will get the confidence. When you be able to do it that fast, the guy's not going to punch you in the head when he's whipping me in the body like what he's just done there. I go, I'm not thinking I'm going to hit him in the head. I'm thinking I need to protect my body. And as soon as I protect your body, boom, you get whacked with that big left hook. So, please mate, try this in sparring. Try it. If you are on the heavy bags, you should always do on the heavy bags. It's a great combination. Just do the bloody thing. And you can definitely thank me later cuz this works every single time, mate. But you've got to be fast. Just like this next combination, you've got to be fast. But this next one as well, this is where you can really put people down, knock people out, which again, something I used to love and I've done multiple times. When you're inside the pocket throwing this combination, it's a bloody game changer, mate. Now, this combo, stand on this side, mate, again, we're inside the pocket here. If I'm inside the pocket here with my opponent, if I touch him up here, look, his hands are coming up. I can see there's opening there. If I throw uppercut, his head goes up. But if I don't hit his head, I'm hitting his hands. His hands are going up with that uppercut. Even if it's a light one there, the hands are coming up. Now what? Now what's open if his hands are coming up? One, that hook to the body. I absolutely love this bloody combination cuz it worked just about every time, but you've got to be fast to do it where you'll throw the open cut and you'll hit that body shot. I remember when I was in sparring or in fights. I was thinking all the time about this left hand to the body. All my boxing game was kind of triggered around this left hook to the body. How can I land this left hook the body? What can I do to land this left hook the body? I would be looking for it. Sometimes I would take a round, two rounds, three rounds just to try and see what how I can land this hook to the body. And this was definitely the best one where we're inside here and throwing that little uppercut there and then then whip it in. Boom. Yeah. So again, this is not the combination. It's just part of the combination. So do it there. Go. Well, it's got to be fast, papa. I said fast, not bloody hard, mate. I But no, that right there, he didn't punch his hardest. If I didn't have this on, I would be on me back, mate. I would be crying like a baby cuz that was just perfect. And if we were in a spot and he did hit me in the face with that uppercut there, my arms are coming up, mate. And I'm getting hit with that one. And again, with this uppercut, it doesn't even have to be hard. It's just got to be a touch. So, it's a little touch there. That's the power shot there. And even that left hook to the body, that doesn't even have to be hard, right? But if you land it, mate. Whoa. It's bloody game over. And now what I want you to do, we're going to give me even more punishment. We're going to double that hook to the body. I want the uppercut. Then double that hook to the body there. Mickey W style. Goish. Yeah. So that's the combination there. But also what we can do when we're inside the pocket, if we are just looking for that body shot, that uppercut might not work for whatever reason. So also what you could do is you could throw a uppercut then a hook. So do that bump then whip it in. Or you could throw uppercut hook two touch. Yeah. Touch touch. Or you could throw a one two one two one two hook two. So it's like a boom. Yeah. Them are four great combinations to throw inside the pocket that you can practice on a heavy bag on mits in sparring. Now, I'm going to show you how to cut down the distance so you can get inside the pocket and land them combinations. And to do this, you need to have great feet to be able to get closer to your opponent to be able to cut down the distance and get inside the pocket, no matter whether you're tall or short. Footwork is key to this. Okay, let's talk about cutting the distance down and getting your feet inside. So, there's two combinations I love to do this. The second one is way more complicated, so I'll start with the first one. This one is stepping forward with a one one two as your opponent's going back. But you've got to have fast speed with this. So the one two coming forward. Now he's inside the pocket. From there, that's when he can start throwing them combinations. The hook the body, hook the head. Now that's a great combination. One more time. He's stepping and punching at the same time. One, one, two, then you can do your work from there. The next one is the harder one, but with this one, you can cut down some serious distance. So, this one is the one two. So, coming forward with a 112. Ba ba ba. Now, he's inside the pocket. Then you can go to work from there. One more time. He's stepping and punching at the same time. Coming forward with a one2 b. Now, the next combination, this is something I used to do all the time. And my great Britain boxing coach used to tell me, Tony, it doesn't even matter if you miss the punches when you're throwing them here. Your goal is to get your feet inside. So, I want you to just think about that. And the combination is what you're going to throw is going to be a one, two, one. You're going to throw that one, two, one like this. And watch how much distance this can cover in a short period of time. So, it's here. One, two, one. Now, watch. We're going to go even further this time. I'll step back faster and he's going to come forward. Watch the distance and the speed he travels here. Go back again. Travel more. One more time. Travel more. But to have success in throwing them combinations, you need to make sure that you've got the m most important thing in boxing correct, which most people are getting wrong. And I can tell you how to fix that. If you click here, watch this video next. I'm sure you're going to absolutely love it. Click here and watch this video next.