Kind: captions Language: en On this video, I'm going to talk about five things that I wish I knew before I started boxing. And if I knew these things, I would have had way more success. The first thing is everyone gets scared. Yes, being afraid not only to fight, but to spar is a common thing. After all, you're about to get in the ring and someone's going to punch you in the face. Why would you not be afraid? But what tends to happen is the more you do it, the more experience you get. You learn how to deal with them nerves by getting fitter, by getting in better shape, and by doing these other things that I'm going to talk about on this video. Now, I've been around so many different worldass fighters in my time, and I know they all feel the same. So, if you're afraid to sport or get in the ring, don't worry, my friend. So is the other guy. This is normal. Now, moving on to number two is the small things make a huge difference. Now, I'm going to give you an example. You go to the gym, you pick up a jump rope, and start jumping rope. That's not a great warm-up. But if you do a warm-up before doing the jump rope, that can help you perform at least 2% better in your workout. If you have a great sleep the night before your training session, you're going to wake up fresher, better recovered, and then when you do your training session, let's just say that's 3% better there. Because if you're like me, you've probably been on your phone late one night and then you end up getting like four or five hours sleep and then the next day when you go training, you're wrecked. And this is because you never had a good quality sleep. Another one is if you're eating crap before your training session, you're going to underperform in that session rather than having an apple 45 minutes before your session. What I used to do and that helped give me the energy that I needed for that session. So let's just say that's another 2% better that you're going to perform now in your session. And I've got another one for you which people will probably disagree with. Let's just say that today you're wearing your new boxing boots or you're wearing your new gear and you feel really nice and smart and fresh in your training session. When you look good, you feel good. When you feel good, what happens? You perform better. So, if you're wearing good gear, some nice sharp new gloves, yes, the chances are you could perform even better. It worked for me. So, let's just put 1% on your attire. Then I'm going to go one step further and say this. What music are you listening to? Because we've all got that soundtrack that helps us perform better. If it's rocky music, for me it was Jay-Z on Notorious B.I. will help me get more out of my training session because I'm listening to this motivational music that motivates me. So let's just say another 1% better, shall we? So now if we add all of these little small things up, look just how much better we're going to perform in our session. Now if you're training three or four times a week and you're performing this much better each session just because we've been working on these small things, your boxing game is just going to elevate to the next level, my friend. Now let's move on to number three, which is learning how to fuel your body. Because your body is your engine. And if you're putting crap in your body, I'm talking about junk food, eating McDonald's, eating potato chips, eating chocolate before your training sessions, mate. Do you think you're going to get the most out of your sessions? Do you think the top athletes in the world are eating junk food before the train? Definitely not, mate. And do you want to be a top athlete in the world? Well, maybe you do, maybe you don't. But what you do want to do is perform better and get the most out of each training session. So if you're fueling your body correctly and then my friend, you will perform better. My go-to breakfast is avocado, scrambled eggs, and high quality bacon. Now you might be thinking, Tony, bacon, that's so bad for you, mate. There's some research out there that says bacon has got is great for your energy levels if it's the high quality stuff. Anyway, fuel your body the best way you can and you will get the most out of each session. And these little small things that we were talking about, these small things will turn into huge, huge differences with your boxing. And I wish I knew about this stuff before I trained, before I performed. And maybe my Olympic bronze medal might have been a silver or even a gold. Now let's move on to number four which is learning how to adapt in the ring fast. Now what I mean by this is now I did learn this but it took me a long time. If I knew this straight away things would have been a lot different in my career. And what I mean is let's just say you're in the ring and you're spawning. You throw a jab and the guy counters with the overhand right. What I used to think was just, oh, I've got a bad jab. I'm not very good at throwing the jab instead of thinking about why did he actually counter my jab with overhand, right? Was my jab too slow? Was it too predictable? Was it just too low? Did I bring it back to me chest rather than me face? I never used to think like this and I never used to adapt. But instead, what I used to do when I got more experience was I would throw a jab. If I got caught with overhand, right? Then I would think straight away I was way too predictable with that jab. What I would do, I would put a faint in front of it, then throw it. Then if I got caught again, I would think, well, my faint maybe wasn't as realistic or my jab was too slow. Then I would try it again, but try it even faster. And that goes the same with all of my boxing moves and techniques and punches. If they weren't working, I used to be able to adapt fastly and figure out why they weren't working and make these punches work. Unless the guy was better than us and then I was screwed. Now, moving on. Number five, which is the most important, which coaches don't seem to teach this for some reason, but I teach it because I'm your online coach. Okay, moving on to number five. Now, this one might seem simple. This one might seem obvious, but coaches are not teaching this the way I'm about to teach it right now. Are you ready for this? Focus on breathing. And I'm not just talking about in between rounds or during a training session. I'm talking about before your training session, whether you are sparring or not. If you are sparring, if you learn how to control your breathing, get your heart rate down, it will help you calm your nerves, lower your blood pressure, and help you have more energy throughout the rounds of sparring. And if you're not sparring and you're working on the heavy bag, when you're not hitting the bag, you need to learn how to be totally relaxed to help you save energy when you're on the bag or you will get tired really fast. There is some other things that you can do while you're hitting the heavy bag to save energy so you can last longer in your training sessions, which you definitely want to do. And I've created a full video right here showing you everything you need to know to be able to last longer in your training sessions. And so click here and watch this video