Kind: captions Language: en People keep sending me videos of this guy saying that he is creating videos telling people that the way that I teach is wrong. And I'm like, nah. But then when I look at the videos, I'm thinking, are these videos aimed at me? Because he's saying that the way that I teach is incorrect. Now, this video I'm going to show you exactly what I mean. And I'll also prove this guy wrong, not just once, but twice. But before I do that, who is this guy? Because I looked into him, and he's 80 years old, which is amazing. and he's a Scottish journalist and broadcaster and Scottish amateur champion back in 1969. To be a Scottish champion back then, it wasn't an easy job. And he's got over 700,000 followers on Instagram as well. Now, here's one of the videos that I get sent. I'm horrified that I'm still seeing coaches here on Tik Tok and other social media channels teaching young boxers that &gt;&gt; he's horrified about this &gt;&gt; that a cross is done with a straight arm. They're throwing it like this and they're telling boxers that's the way it should be done. &gt;&gt; Throw that one through. Then from there I'm leaning back out. Now people see me teach it similar that a bit better than that and that's why they're saying it's aimed for me. So let's see why the two reasons is that this is so bad. &gt;&gt; Firstly, there's zero power in that. &gt;&gt; So you said there's zero power in that. Well, let's go on my heavy bag outside and we'll try that one after I hear what else he's got to say about it. &gt;&gt; So there's nothing behind it. No meaning. No proper power. No problem. &gt;&gt; And the other reason is it's the easiest punch probably to counter. &gt;&gt; It's the easiest punch to counter. &gt;&gt; So if I'm throwing a a straight cross this way, then I've left all this open. &gt;&gt; That's just like saying if I throw a straight jab here, I've left all of this open. Right. &gt;&gt; Against someone who throws a straight cross, I let it slip over my right here and I hit him with a right uppercut like this. So if someone's throwing a right at me and they're orthodox, that right hand will be coming here. The best way to slip out of that way is slipping outside of the right hand because you're away from danger from the left hook. But if you're slipping inside with this lead hand down, you're open for that right hand, but also you're moving into a lead hook. So if they were throwing a cross hook and then you're coming into that one, that right there is not making too much sense. So let's try this right now. If my opponent throws across on me and I'm slipping inside like Frank said, this feels so awful right now. I feel so vulnerable for that lead hook because what if my opponent was going to throw that cross hook and I decide to slip inside and I do it, I'm coming straight onto that punch. Instead, what I would teach, which makes the most sense, is if I slip on the outside. Now here I'm away from all of the danger in his left side, but also look where he's open for that big counter punch. We can all see that, right? It's a huge target. Boom. That lead hook to the body. If I'm boxing against someone who throws a straight cross, I let it slip over my right here. I'm going to hit him with a right uppercut like this. It's over there. My hand's here to protect from the other hand. And I hit him there. But he's already committed. He's gone like this. His whole body is forward. That's a way to go that way, the other way. And it's quite uh unorthodox. &gt;&gt; Now, let's talk about Frank's counter punch to this. So, he's saying slip inside. So, I've slip inside here. And he's saying the counter punch is this rear hand like uppercut hook to the body. Now, look at the target area here. It's a lot smaller there because he's got his elbow in, right? But then I think, what if he's throwing a cross hook? and I've slipped inside to throw that rear hand to the body. Then what happens now? Look, I'm gu for that lead hook. So, not only am I putting myself in range to get hit, but I'm also opening myself up for one of his biggest punches, which is his lead hook. Now, if I'm slipping inside and throwing that body shot, what Frank's saying is this lead hand is going to protect me from that hook. &gt;&gt; It's over there. My hand's here to protect from the other hand. So, if I've slipped inside for that body shot, this is not doing anything here. You can see that, right? I've slipped inside for that body shot. This lead hand, my opponent's going to come straight around the side with that hook. &gt;&gt; The other way, and it's quite uh unorthodox, is that you can parry that way so that his right hand goes like this, out of the way. &gt;&gt; You can parry that way. Now, with all my years of boxing, I've never seen a parry of the cross like this. So, what he's saying is if he throws the cross at me, I'm going to parry this with my back hand and pushing this away from him. Now, if he throws a light cross like that, yes, I can do it. But if that was a hard solid cross like this, mate, I'm not paring that punch at all. Just say if I did and he throws that p not not hard, not hard cuz it'll hit us, right? And throws in that par. Boom. Look where I'll open, right? If he's throwing that cross hook, boom, I'm wide open net. The best way if you are going to parry across is throw the cross here and then for me I can come back with other counter punches. It's less dangerous and like I mentioned you can do everything in boxing but in all my years I've never seen have you ever seen the parry that way? Now these have loads of fights as well. So we've never seen that but let's see what he says. &gt;&gt; So that his right hand goes like this out of the way and then you take advantage. &gt;&gt; So I'm going to parry that right hand. It's going to go over there and I can take advantage of a lead hook to the body &gt;&gt; with a left uppercut. Boom. &gt;&gt; Oh, left uppercut. &gt;&gt; Two or three ways you can uh counter that punch, but try them. &gt;&gt; He missed the best way to counter that punch, which is slipping inside and throwing that lead up hook to the body. &gt;&gt; Jim, for goodness sake, stop this. The right cross or any cross is done with the shoulder, the legs, the hips, everything. Boom. Coming into play. Pump. Stop this. It's got no power in. Now, I just want to have a quick look at some world class fighters that you might have heard of. So, now this is Can Alvarez, one of the greatest fighters of our time, fighting Austin Trout. Now, remember he said there's no power in that straight right hand. &gt;&gt; Austin Trout 26 and 014. &gt;&gt; And that's it right there. Look, the fully extended arm, the hips are turned, the back foot's off the ground, then got a little bend in the knee. It's hit him straight on the chin. And then this is what he is calling out boxing coaches for for saying it's bad. So then I found this clip of Muhammad Ali. So he would throw that fully extended right hand there again. Now I know this was a little bit different cuz Muhammad Ali's style is so unorthodox that he kind of moves back. The thing with the turning the hips and the straight right hand pretty similar and Muhammad Ali did a little bit of damage with that. Now we got Floyd just to that perfect right hand turning his hips into it and Frank there is saying that's incorrect. Now last one Dmitri Bivol absolutely unbelievable fighter. I just had a look at him on the mits and I wanted to see how he throws his right hand. So we're here jab. Now it's there. He's turned his hip. He's fully extended his arm. It's a bit similar to Franklin now. Right. So now here is me teaching the one two and how I do it. Boom. Boom. Now when I teach anyone boxing, this is how I teach them. &gt;&gt; Got this the right cross or any cross is done with the shoulder, the legs, the hips, everything. &gt;&gt; I agree. But what I don't agree with is this finish position here. If you like the arm is still bent. Now here's another one. The next thing I want to and I've listen I've got a bee in my bonnet about that. &gt;&gt; Why does everybody want to &gt;&gt; He's got a be in his a straight hat. I never know that. Right. You go and watch any of the great fighters and you'll never see that. &gt;&gt; Never. &gt;&gt; This is where I disagree with him. I think if you watch just about all great fighters, you will see that. I mean, not where he's chin up in the air. It's easy to but you you'll see the cross that I'm going to show you on the back in a second. And if you watch any great fighter train, you'll see that a lot. &gt;&gt; Now listen, I watch famous boxers coaching on Tik Tok and other social media channels and there's Tyson Fury shadow boxing. Now he just said Tyson Fury who's one of the best heavyweights of our generation. It would be hard to argue against that. So he's doing it as well. So maybe these videos are not aimed at me if he's aiming at my Tyson Fury. But I want to see the correct way of doing it. What he says, I'll turn around in a minute, but So it goes like this, right? I'm in and out like this. &gt;&gt; I'm glad he said he's in and out. And I'll try that on the back when I'm outside as well. But before I get on that, there's one more video that I get sent. &gt;&gt; Olympic style boxing. What's it all about? Well, I'll tell you, I hardly know. But I've seen some coaches telling me it's like this. Forward, forward, punch, left, back, punch, forward, forward, punch, and then they throw a right hand like this. Now, before I watch the rest of this video, I just want to say this is why people think it's aimed at me. Olympic style boxing is not real boxing. And then he went with the footwork. Let's watch that one more time again. Forward, forward, punch, and back punch. Forward, forward, punch. Now, as well, I've done videos where I talk about move your feet, stop your feet, throw the punches, move your feet, stop your feet, and throw the punches. Now, that's a video for beginners in boxing, which they should be doing. You should move, move, stop, punch, move, move, stop, punch. If you're trying to teach a beginner box and you're trying to show them how to move and punch at the same time, if you've done boxing, you will know how difficult that is. So again, &gt;&gt; forward punch, back punch, forward, forward punch, and then they throw a right hand like this. &gt;&gt; So they're bending the leg and they're putting a straight arm out. It's not strictly come dancing or dancing. &gt;&gt; So he's saying they're bending their leg and the arms come straight out. I've just got to come straight back to Canelo. He's got his leg bent and the arm straight out. &gt;&gt; So they're bending the leg and they're putting a straight arm out. It's not strictly come dancing or dancing with the stars. This is boxing. You got to get rid of all this nonsense. Get back to the real nittyritty of boxing. &gt;&gt; Now, I'm going to talk a lot more about him in a second, but what it seems like to me that this guy is old school. I mean, he is he's 80 years old. But getting back to the nittygritty and then he &gt;&gt; punching properly, not fencing, doing it as you should do. &gt;&gt; Punching properly, not fencing, doing it as you should do. When you use the term fencing in boxing, that is your footwork in and out. Like if you think of someone like Lomachenko who uses his feet to go in and out, I would call him a kind of like a fencer in boxing. Someone like Better Bev who was an Olympic boxer. And someone like Alexander Usyk who uses that fencing style in and out face attacks for boxing. But a lot of old school trainers think that you should just move forward and have a fight with someone and just mix it up and get into the nitty-gritty. &gt;&gt; Not fencing as you would have done many years ago. If you look at the fighters many years ago, a lot of them have got CTE right now and they can't speak properly. They're sluring the words. Now Frankie, yeah, obviously he's got his marbles upstairs. I see I see he's intelligent. He can speak really well and he was a good fighter cuz he was the national champion of Scotland back in the day. So let's get outside. So now I'm going to show you both ways of throwing the cross. I'll show you the way that I teach it and I used to throw it as well. And then I'll show you the way that Frank was saying this is the only way you should throw this cross. And then after the demo, I've got a personal message for Frank because I've got a feeling he's going to be watching this video. So, first way, now if you throw the way that he demoed it, which was kind of like a you're not going to get that much power in it, but if you do it the correct way where you're going to turn your hips fully extend your arm punch through the target, the power that you're going to get is crazy. So, if I'm here, I'm going to turn my hips fully extend, put it all the way out, exhale. That went flying there. Not being big-headed, but that would have knocked one or two people out. Again, if I'm throwing the straight across, powerful. Now, if I put a jab in front of it and throw a one, two, one, two, and I punch through it, same thing's going to happen. Crazy amount of power there. Now, one more thing I want to see on the straight cross before I show you the other version of it. And there was a guy around Frank's age called Alwin Belchure who told me this, and I'll never forget it. He said, "You should always be fully extending your arm when you throw that straight punch." And he said, "Watch this, Tony." He said, "Put your arm out and bend it." So, I put my arm out and I bend like that. And he pushed against it, right? And he went, "Go and push me." And I was pushing as hard as I can. And he could push me on arm back. He said, "Now put it straight." So I put it straight. And then he said, "Now push me." And I was like, I could push him forward. Because when your arm is fully extended, it's way stronger here than it is with a bent arm punch. And the analogy that I like with this one is if you imagine a pencil, if you're trying to snap a pencil, is it easier to snap a pencil by bending it or pushing it together when it's straight? Obviously, when it's bending, cuz when your arm's bent, it's not as strong as it would be here, right? So, as long as you're punching through the target and not at the target like this, but instead you're punching through, the power's going to be massive. Now, talking about the way that he teaches it, what he said is you've got to turn your full body to get it your weight behind the punch coming from your hip. I think he said your foot and your arm and everything goes round and you take your head off that center line as well. And another key thing that he said was, "You move in to do this." Because if I'm here at jab's length, there's no way I can throw that right hand and land it if my feet's not close. So he said, you know, you've got to throw it and then come close and then come in with that right hand like this. Now, one more time. Bring that head off the line. Whoa, look at that. And I got some serious power in that punch. Now, a problem with that is if I'm a taller guy and I'm fighting a shorter opponent, I don't really want to get my feet closer to this guy and then throw the punch. I want to use my advantage and keep the guy out of range to hit him and not be hit and then move me feet to get away. If I'm fighting someone who's marching forward like a little Mike Tyson, I personally wouldn't want to get up close to try and throw this short right hand. But that being said, what Frank said on this was right. You're going to get serious power in that punch. And if you can get your feet close to be able to land that punch, you're going to have success. And one thing I want to add on that right hand. I showed you Canela Alvarez with the long right hand knocking someone out. Muhammad Ali with the long right hand. Floyd Mayweather with the long right hand. Bivival with the long right hand. All of them guys throw the cross. The way that Frank said it as well. So when he's saying this, he's not wrong. The thing where I totally disagree with him on is where he says this is the way to throw it. and he says this is not the way to throw it where they're both right and for every fighter for everyone who trains boxing everyone's style is unique it's not one sizefits-all for everyone so I might teach someone the cross the way I teach it which is the way I teach every single beginner because that is the fundamental way of teaching the cross but it might not work for them they may be shorter and they need to get their feet closer to land that cross that's the beauty about this sport everyone is different everyone learns different everyone is unique and have their own unique style. There is more than one or two ways to throw the cross. There's multiple ways to throw the cross. Now, my message for Frank, we disagree on this. Let's fight on the next misfits card. Me versus you. That is a terrible joke. I would never want to fight you or anyone for that matter. Fran, I've got nothing but respect for you. What you're doing, and I'm sure we get this every single day in all of the comments on your videos and stuff, is you're inspiring millions of people from around the world, not just the younger generation who you're teaching. I see you in the gym working with teaching them great art of boxing, but every single generation. You're showing people that age is just a number and you can do it, which is great. Now, we disagree on these two things, which is the cross, and then when you're talking about the fencing style, the Olympic style boxing. So, what I would love to do about that is in May this year, I'm going to America. I'm teaching a boxing fitness certification course in Las Vegas and then another one in Austin, Texas. This is where I teach people how to teach boxing for fitness, not for fighting. And the links is below for all of them. After I've done them courses, I'm coming over to the UK, and I know you're in Scotland, so maybe I can come up to Scotland if you allow me to come to your gym, meet you, meet all of your great fighters, and maybe we can do some content together on these things. Now, one last thing I want to mention. Before I did this video, I went and I looked at your content and I agree with just about every single thing that you say and it's amazing. There's just these two things right here that I disagree in. And that's the great thing about boxing. We've all got our own opinions and our own agendas for what is great and what's not. Now, I had a bit of a disagreement with Tapimo Lopez's boxing trainer, who was the guy who trained Logan Paul when he fought Floyd Mayweather about his ways of teaching. And I did a full video on that and it's great. And if you're interested on that, click here and watch this video next. and Frank. Hopefully I see you in Scotland.