Kind: captions Language: en We all know the jab, the cross, the hook, the overcut, a bunch of different body punches. But did you know there's 21 advanced punches that coaches do not teach? And on this video, I'm going to go through each one of them punches. I'll show you how to throw it. I will give you a demo of throwing these punches on the mits. I'll also tell you if you should be training these punches or not. So, first I'm going to go over a bunch of different advanced jabs, starting with the halfway out jab. Now, this is something that Floyd Mayweather used to do all the time to increase the speed of the punch. And how we do this is I'm in my boxing stance here, and rather than that hand coming from my face and all the way out and all the way back like we normally do, the hand is going to start halfway out here like that. Now, I can get some great speed in this punch because it's got less distance to travel. And if it's got less distance to travel because it's halfway out, it's going to get there twice as fast. Now, do I recommend you train this punch? Yes. When you're on the bags, you can train it for some speed and give it a go and see how fast that punch is. Now, moving on to the second advanced punch with the lead hand. We call this the screw jab. And what this is great for is if I'm in the ring with a fighter and he's got a tight guard like this and I want to try and get through that guard here. My jab's not getting through. So, what I'm going to do, I'm going to screw that jab through the middle of that guard, make my hand a little bit thinner as it's coming up, and really turn into it. And when I'm doing this on the mits, it's just like a normal jab, but what I'm doing is I'm screwing that hand through. And it'll look like this. And that is the screw jab. Should you train that one? Yeah, give it a go. Why not? Now, moving on to the third advanced jab. This one I like to call it the constant rangefinder. And if you think of a fighter like Vladimir Klitschko, he was doing this all the time using this hand as a rangefinder. It's not so much a punch, but what he is doing when he's got this jab out, he's here with the arm kind of straight and he's just touching that jab. Now, this is great, like I said, to find the range because if he can't land this one, this one's not landing right. So, here we're just here moving around. I'm touching touching with the jab. And this one is finding the range for the big cross like that. Now, moving on to the next one. It's similar to that constant rangefinder, but now you're doing this with a purpose. And it is a little bit illegal, but you can get away with it. And what I'm going to do, if he was my opponent in the ring and I'm in front of him, I want to cover his vision with my lead hand. So, if I'm here, see, he now he can't see a thing. All he can see is my lead hand. So, I'm here. I'm pushing it out. And then I will leave it there. And now what can I do? Think about it. Well, he can't see. So I can blast in that one to the body. I can blast in one round the side. I can step in and throw that uppercut. So this jab, if you like, is great to cover that vision. Now I'm just going to show you a quick combination while it's in me head on this. What I love to do, and I used to love to cover that vision, not just with the jab, but with a one two. So if my opponent was in front of us, so I'm here. So it's a b one, two, side stepping with that cross. And if you notice when I do it again, I'm covering the vision. The vision's covered. Side step. Boom. Blasting in that cross. Now, moving on to number five. This one is a up jab. Now, there's a few different ways of throwing this. And the way I like to think of it is if I'm changing my levels here for my opponent, and I'm coming down, and then I'm jabbing up. So, I'm here. I'm coming up and down. I'm moving. I'm moving. Come down. Boom. And I'm coming up and jabbing right up there. You can throw the up jab and take your head off the line, which is another great way of doing it. So, I'm here in front of my opponent. I'm going to slip to the side, but throw my jab right up. So, if you think you're in front of me right now and I'm here, I'm going to take my head off the line. Your eyes will follow mine. And from there, I'm going to slip and throw that jab right up in the air. So, I'm here. His eyes is following mine as I come down. And from there, I'm blasting that left hand. I'm bringing that up jab like that. So, there are some advanced jabs. I think you should try them all. Now, moving on to the cross. The first one what I want to talk about is a way of getting ridiculous amount of power into that punch. If you ask me to only punch as hard as you can, I wouldn't be doing a like you see people do on a punch machine. I would do this. And it's the shuffle step cross. The way I want you to think about this is if you are throwing a shot put or maybe a javelin, what you want to do is bring your feet together and then really throw it up in the air. What we're going to do is the same but in our boxing stance and we throw into a straight right hand. And if you watch my feet here, I'll show you with my hands down and I'll do it properly in a demo on the mits. I'm going to bring my back foot close to my front foot and then step out with my front foot. So a little bit faster. It's like this movement. Now, when I'm doing this, what I'm doing when I put a punch behind it, I'm getting all of the momentum of my bo full body weight behind this back side right here. So, again, it would look like this. And now, when I show you on the mits, I'll do it not too hard. Don't want to injure my mipman, but I'll show you slowly. So, here I'm going to bring my feet together and punch through the to come on this side. I'll bring my feet together and then the arm comes out after. And you feel that power right there, right? And I'm not trying to punch that hard, but I know when I'm stepping like this, that momentum woof with the punch behind it, it gets crazy power. Try it a little bit harder now. So, I'm here a little bit faster. And right there, that would knock out a horse. Yeah, if I was punching horses, that would knock out a horse, but I'm not going to punch horses. I kind of like horses. Should you practice that one? 100%. Give that a go. But one thing about that one, what you might be thinking and criticizing already, if I was seeing someone else do this, I'd be like, "What are they doing that for?" If I didn't understand it, is, you know, bringing your feet together. You never really want to bring your feet together close if you're moving around. But with this, it's a great punch to throw. Let's just say if if I was fighting and I throw one, two, my guy, if he moves back onto the ropes, he move back on the ropes. I'm here, then I can really throw that big hard cross. Now, let's move on to the next punch. We did it with the lead hand. We can do it with the cross. Now, this one is the screw cross. So, if I'm here, similar with the lead hand, but now we're going to be throwing it with the back hand, but when you're doing this, we do it a little bit different. What I want you to do when you're trying this is step out with your lead foot. My lead foot and my back hand will land at the same time. So, here, if my guy had his hands tight like this and I was having to try and punch through there, I can do this. And because I'm taking my head off the center line, it's going to make me more harder to hit. So I'll do it on the mint now. So I'm here. So slowly I'm stepping. Boom. And I'm screwing it through the middle. I'm stepping screwing that shot through. Should you practice this one? Yes. I wouldn't spend too much time on it. I wouldn't spend too much time on any of these. Actually, if you can't throw a bloody jab, get the bloody jab right. Then we can practice all these advanced punches. But yeah, give it a go. It is a difficult one. But if you've got someone where they love a tight guard like this, even if they're smaller, you can try it. And then I know this is more of the single shot video, but what I would like to do from there, I've stepped one, I've pivoted out, bam, and I'm changing my angle. I'm coming from the different angle with that front footstep. It's great for that. Anyway, let's move on to the next one. And we did this one with the lead hand as well, where with the lead hand, I had this one halfway out like a Floyd Mueller to get the speed there. We can do it with our back hand as well. But rather than being like this, cuz that's just horrible and never do that. What I'm going to do is I'll be here in my boxing stance. I'll be playing there. I'll be moving, moving. I'm here. And then from here, I'm pricking him with this movement. And then from there, boom, I can throw it. So again, I'm here. I'm moving. I'm moving. I'm moving. And that was really fast. It wasn't powerful, but it was fast. And Floyd Mayweather used to do this often as well. So from there, what we can do because I'm going to throw this and I'm there with a weight forward. This is really loading up my big lead hook. So, yes, the back hand here when you've got this halfway out is not hard, but mate, the power in that lead hook after is going to be crazy. So, I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. Yeah, cuz I'm already half rotated. Boom. Blasting in that lead hook. Now, moving on to the next one. Mate, I've had nightmares about this punch. You know why? Cuz it snapped my bloody nose when someone did this to me in a tournament in Germany. It was a German champion. What this guy did, he threw a big overhand right and tricked me with it. I thought he was going to do something else, but he threw this one. Hit me on the side of the nose. My nose went poured of blood and it was one of the worst pain that I've ever had in a fight. I end up winning the fight. The next day I had to fight the German number two and I got beat. Can you believe my coaches put me in the ring after I've got a broken nose? Anyway, this is not about me. It's about you learning these tricks. So, with this one, the way the guy did it, I'll show you here first. He was moving like this. He was a shorter opponent. He really stepped and he's took his head off that center line. My eyes followed his eyes and then his hand come after. Then he went. This was a big massive shot. Bam. On the side of my nose and it was horrible, mate. So if I'm coming here from here, what I'm going to do, this is going to kind of come out and around and come down over the top of my opponent's gloves. So I'll be here stepping and you see I get some crazy pound that again. Now, if you think that we're in a fight and situation and he's got his hands just here like that, what I'm going to do is going to step and I'm going to come over the top. Boom. And I'm looking for that right there. Boom. Over the top of them hands. The overhand right is an absolute beast of a punch. But if you're throwing this, you've got to be aware of your balance because people will be doing this on the bag all the time. They'll be there blasting and maybe on the mits like I've just done. Then you get in the ring and you're like, I'm going to beat this guy with this big overhand right and all of a sudden you're there and you're like you load it up. Boom. That guy's seen this coming a mile away and he's gone and you'll end up looking pathetic. Pathetic. And I don't want you to look pathetic. I want you to look great. So be aware of that. Put a faint in front of it. Try and trick the guy and don't let him know what you're going to do. Now moving on to the next one. This is one of my favorite types of crosses to throw. This is the step cross. And what I'm going to do here, I'm going to step and take my head off that center line. But the key is here to get power into this punch is for your front foot and your punch to land at the same time. So I'm here stepping my front foot and my back hand. It looks like this. Now, because I'm stepping and punching, I'm not trying to put that much power into that punch. But mate, it's getting some serious power in there. And as well, like I said, you're taking that head off the center line. And from there, what you can do, cuz you've got that foot out, you can put in the pivot and come back with a double jab cross. Great little combo to add onto that one. And should you practice that one? Absolutely. Get used to stepping and punching at the same time. Next one only works if you're in there with a shorter opponent. And something I think you should practice as well. This one is a chopping cross. And this one, you're kind of punching down and kind of like a if you're throwing a stone, you're like chopping down at that punch. You can throw it straight and turn your hips, but I like to get a little bit more speed and a little bit more snap into that punch by just really chopping it down. So, the way this one would look again is I'm going to step and I'm going to chop it down. So, we're here. Here. So, from this side, right here. So, I'm coming down and I'm getting some serious power into that punch. And I'm not even trying. But because I'm going down with it, think about the gravity pushing that down, mate. I'm knocking someone out. No horses. Maybe a little donkey this time. Poor donkey. Poor horses. So, now we're moving on to the lead hook. Now, these are some unbelievable punches. And this is what I had so much success with in boxing. Knocking people out with the lead hook, dropping people, you know, with that lead hand was so strong because I was practicing these all the time. And these are something that you should practice every single one. Absolutely brilliant. Before I get on to them, I just want to say one quick thing. Would you be interested in working with me in person and learning how to hold the mits for boxing for fitness and learning how to charge for them sessions as well? Cuz you maybe don't know this about me, but I own the world's most accredited boxing fitness qualification. And I will be in Las Vegas and Austin, Texas this May teaching these seminars. And the great thing about learning how to hold the mits is you don't have to have been a boxer to be able to do this. You need to understand it. I've worked with over 4,000 people both in person and online from all walks of life to learn how to successfully hold the mits for boxing for fitness. Maybe you knew this, maybe you didn't, but boxing for fitness is one of, if not the biggest trends, if you like in fitness around the world right now. So, if you're interested in this, maybe for a side hustle, maybe for a change of career, or maybe you're a fitness professional who wants to add this to their arsenal of skills, click the link below or go to boxingfitness.com and come and work with me in person in May in America. The spots are limited and that's enough of me talking about that one because now we're going to talk about these bloody lead hooks. Now, this first hook is super advanced and you can do this on the bag and I'll show you a method of doing this on the bag in a sec. But first, I'll break it down. This is the pivot hook. Now, there's two ways of throwing this. The first way, I'm in my boxing stance like this. And what I'm going to do, I'm going to throw my lead hand out as I bring my back foot around and I've changed the angle. And now I'm facing this way and I've threw that great punch. Now the second way of doing it is by stepping and then throwing that pivot hook. Now when you're doing this for the first few times, I want you to think about there was a nail through your foot and you can't move your front toes kind of in the ground. So what you're going to do is going to bring that back foot around and change the boxing stance. So now the first one with the hook on the mits, I'm not going to do my step. I'm just going to do it in place here. I'm gonna put a little bit of weight to the front foot and the hand comes out but the back foot swinging around that's what gets the power into this punch. So I'm here and again. So I'm here and there was the basic pivot hook and I'll show you this on the bag. But first I just want to show you the stepping first. Now with this one, what I'm going to do, I'm going to step out and then from there I'm going to throw that hook a little bit faster than I'll show you on the bag. So I'm here in my boxing stance. Step and I'm getting some power in there. But the power is coming because I'm whipping that back foot out. Now to practice this, you don't need a mit guy. You can do it on the bag. What I like to do is swing the bag and I want to get my feet moving with it. And then when it comes forward to me, then I can step and then pull that pivot hook. Again, it's swinging and moving with the bag. Moving forwards, moving backwards, it's coming. Step back. And right there is a great little drill for you to work on that pivot hook on the back end. Should you work on this one? Absolutely. Now, we're going to move on to the check hook. To be honest, I wasn't a big fan of this punch. I much prefer the pivot hook, but this is something that you should practice. Now, with this one, what I'm going to do from my boxing stance, I'm going to kind of step and twist my foot at the same time as the hand comes out. So, slowly it'll be there. And then from there, the back foot will come out. So, slowly again. So, it's part one is there. And then from there, I'm going to bring my back foot around. And then I've changed that angle. So, there I'm going to step lean back. And I get some power in that because I'm really stepping and turning, which is like I said, getting that power into the punch. Now, moving on. I call this one the dip punch, but the Mike Tyson dip punch. We all seen how much power Mike Tyson got in that lead hook, how he used to knock people out all the time with that punch. Now, what Mike Tyson would be doing, he would be moving his head like this. But what he's doing when he's moving his head, he's transferring that weight. So here, weights front foot, back foot, front foot, back foot, front foot. Then from there, he's dipped down. All that weight's on that front leg. maybe 80% of that weight and he's using the muscle in that leg to really come up and blasting in that lead hook. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I thought you said dip punch. I'm like, what the &gt;&gt; So, he just said he thought I said punch, but it wasn't. It was dip punch. Anyway, so I'm going to slip, dip, put the weight on that leg, slip, dip, put the weight on that leg. Then from there, one, and blast in that lead hook to get some serious power. So again, I'm here down one more time. Whoa, mate. I can feel that punching power right there with the lead hook. Now, we're moving on to a hook that will get you into range and get some serious power into it. This is called the gazelle punch. Now, with the gazelle punch, I'm going to start off out of range here. And what I'm going to do, it's kind of like uh the Tyson one where I'll dip and put the weight forward, but rather than just getting inside and getting close like my Tyson does and throwing that one, we're going to do this from outer range. So, I'm out of range. I'm going to put the weight at the front foot. You see, I'm out of range there. And I'm kind of going to push off this foot and then I'm going to do a little jump. And that jump is going to get me in range and get power into that punch. So, to do this, you need to set it up first, which I'll show you how I do. But first, I just want to give you a quick little demo of how I would do it from out of range. So, I'm here. I'm here. W. And right there. That's some serious power. One more time. Look, I'm miles out of range here. I'm going to step forward. Bam. Whoa, mate. big punch. Player said he's going to see that coming a mile away. If you think you're in front of me, I'm here. It's like, come on, Tony, mate. That's not hitting anyone. Anyone. You're getting knocked straight out that horse. So, what you got to do is set it up. So, how I like to set this up is a couple of ways. One way is to use the rangefinder jab, but I'm here. I'm still out of range. I'm moving my head here. Then, from there, boom, I'm going to do it. The other way is by being out of range here. What I'm going to do, I'm going to step in. B the body. I'm here. I'm back out of range. I'm here. Boom. Jab the body. Now, what I'm going to do, I'm going to dip. He thinks I'm going to throw that jab at the body. Dip and then throw that big leaping gazelle punch. Punch. I think you should definitely practice. Now, another hook that I absolutely love is the short range power hook. Now, now, if my opponent's here and I'm up close, look, I can't really rotate to get power in the punches here. I mean, I can rotate, but if I, as soon as I do this, he knows what's coming and I'm open, right? So, what this punch is, it's being able to get power in the punch from being up close. And I'm going to tell you a great drill to help you improve the power of this punch in a sec. But first, I'll just show you if we're in close here and just see this was my opponent. How can I get power in this punch without doing this? Right? So, if I do this, I can get power all day. Well, I'll show you first and I'll explain how I will get the power in the punch again. Now, that right there is getting serious power in the punch from being close. So, how do I do this? Well, the one thing I want you to think about is when you're throwing this punch is getting your body really behind it. We don't have to slip and then throw it. We can just throw it from our stance position here. And if we get our body behind it and punching through the target, then my friend, we're going to get so much power into it. Now, one way to be able to train this is by putting the resistance band around the bag like you see on the screen right now. And from here, we are so close to the bag, we can only work on these short range punches and turn our full body into it. So, putting this around a bag is a great way to train that power in that short hook. Then, moving on to number 17, the next hook. Another one of my favorites. This is a more of a setup hook. And what we're going to do here, again, if we're inside close like this, I can't hit him, right? You can see the punches coming. So, what I'm going to do, I'm going to use my lead hook to set up a body shot. Right? So, how I'm going to do this, I just touch it in. This is a touch hook. So I'm there. Touch. Arm punch. Boom. So what this would tend to do if I'm hitting him in the head. You see again just touching. Look what's happening again. Boom. See where he's open. Open. This was one of my favorite moves to do in boxing. So what I'm going to do, I'm going to be inside here. Touch. Touch. Touch. Touch. Touch. Touch. Touch. Touch him there. Then from there, whoop. Whipping that body shot. But when I'm whipping in that body shot, I'm not going to do what we get taught in boom slip. Boom. Because what would happen if I'm in there with some with experience if I've touched him up there, then I slip to hit him in the body. Boom. I'm going to hit him on the elbow. So, what I'm going to do is similar to the power short range hook, but I'm going to throw it to the body. So, I'm here. I'm going to be doing the touch hook. That elbow's going to come up and I'm going to throw that power shot into the body. So, I'm here and I got power in that punch without even having to slip and rotate again. So, I'm here and I'm telling you that will drop just about anyone because they're not expecting that punch to come in. Now, what we're going to do, we're going to work on the step uppercut. Now, this is advanced and you can do this with both hands, but I'm going to put this under one category for you to practice. So, basically what I'm going to do is if I'm throwing my lead hand, I'm going to step out with my back foot and throw it, taking my head off that center line. So, I'm going to step and throw this uppercut a little bit faster, a little bit more power again. And because I'm taking that foot off that line, it's taking my head off the line and I'm out of range. Now, we can do the exact same thing with the back hand as long as I keep my lead hand up. So, I'm here. I'm going to step my front foot out the way. But this time, as that front foot lands, that back hand lands. I'm taking my head off that center line. So, I'm here. And then, because I've stepped that front foot out, the move to do from there will be pivot the back foot out and change the angle. So, I'm here. I've changed that angle right there. The step uppercuts. Now, moving on to another uppercut variation, which is so advanced, and I love this one, is when we're inside here. What I'm going to do, I'm going to pull his right arm down. And when I pull that right arm down, then I'm going to whip in that uppercut. Or I'll be this side and I'll pull that left arm down with my right hand. And then, whoop, I'm going to think for this lead uppercut. Now, with this, you might think, well, it doesn't make sense cuz if I'm pulling this one down, his hands there. But what happens and trust me this happened to me all the time when Warren Ba from Sunland who was a ABA champion used to do this to me. He would get over us all the time. I am not thinking about this hand. As soon as this one comes down, my mind's just thinking about this hand. And because it's thinking about this hand, by the time I thought, what's he doing with my hand? Boom. I've been blasted with uppercut or the other way around where it's you pull this one down. Boom. And blasting that uppercut there. Now moving on to number 20. This is similar to the touch hook, but now we're doing a touch uppercut. Another one of my favorite punches to throw to set up a body shot. And here I am doing it in a professional fight right now. I throw an uppercut. Boom. Hit him with that body shot. And it's good night. And all I'm going to do here, I'll be inside. I'll be touching, touching. Touch that uppercut in. Boom. That's the advanced punch there. And then from there, touch. Bam. Whoa. Whipping it in again. I'm here. I'm here. Whipping it in. Mates. I'm telling you, you're knocking anyone out with that punch cuz they're not expecting it cuz they've thought about that uppercut. Then moving on to number 21. You can throw this to the head or to the body. I'll show you the head first, then I'll show you the body. Now, this is the bolo punch. When you're throwing the bolo punch, kind of like you're you're you're winding this up to really whip it up like an uppercut. And to have success with this, I've got to really try and cover the vision with my guy in front of me. And from there, whipping in that bolo punch go straight through the middle. And because I'm throwing it wild, I'm going to get more power in it. But to have success with this, like I said, he can't know what I'm going to do. If he knows what I'm going to do, then it's not going to land. Now, the other way of doing it, so with this one, what I can do again is feel out with the lead hand with a touching jab, which we've been working on. I'm going to step with my front foot. And as I step with my front foot, it's then when the back hand comes out and goes right under, we're trying to aim for the solar plexus here. And it's a great punch to land on the south paw. So, I'm here, here, here, here. Pivot that foot out. And that's it right there. Now, to get good at all of them punches, you need to build your stamina in boxing. And you can do that from home. I've created this video right here where I show you how to build your stamina from home. So click here and watch this video