Kind: captions Language: en Most people think if you didn't start boxing as a kid, it's already over and you've missed the boat. But these fighters I'm about to talk about who didn't walk into a gym until they were older and still became world champions. So you don't need to be like me and start boxing at 10 years old to have success in this sport. And let me prove it to you. What's crazy is some fighters on this list didn't start boxing till the age of what I was when I retired after winning seven national titles, Olympic bronze medal and wasn't undefeated professional. I did all of that and they were just getting going. So this video is for anyone who thinks it's too late to start boxing. Now let's get started with number 10 on the list. This is Bernard Hopkins. He didn't start boxing until he was 18 years old. Now you might think well that's not that old. But in boxing terms and to see what he achieved, it kind of is. Most fighters start boxing at the age of 10 or 11. Some even younger like Alexis Floyd Mayweather. He started fighting when he was six years old. Now where Hopkins, he started at 18 and went on to become one of the most dominant champions in the last 30 years winning multiple world titles at two different weight classes. And he was the undisputed middleweight champion. And for me that left hook to the body that he hit Oscar De La Hoya with, oh mate, this cements his legacy as one of the best who ever do it. Now I'm going to be talking about the older older fighters in a little bit. But now I just want to go to number nine and someone who needs a mention. And this is Anthony Joshua. He didn't start boxing until he was 18 years old. That is late by elite boxing standards. But in just four years of him learning how to box, he went from being a total beginner to winning an Olympic gold medal. Then he went on to win a British title, then the Commonwealth title as a professional and became undefeated world champion and is one of the biggest names in the sport today. Now moving on to number eight is another heavyweight, Sonny Liston. He went on to become heavyweight world champion knocking out Floyd Patterson in 1962 to win the world title. He was known for his brutal power and intimidation tactics and was another late starter when he started at the age of 19 years old. Now moving on to number seven is a fighter that you've probably heard of, a modern day fighter, another modern day heavyweight. And this is Deontay Wilder. He didn't start boxing until he was 20 years old. And what's crazy about Deontay Wilder's story is yes he started 10 years later than me, but he still went to the same Olympic Games as me and won the same color medal as me. We actually fought one after the other in the semi-finals Olympics. I fought in the semi-finals and got beat, then he fought in the semi-finals and got beat, but we both secured our bronze medals. And then after Olympics he had a way more success than me. He went on to win the WBC world heavyweight title and became one of the most feared punches in boxing history. And I've trained Deontay Wilder and let me tell you holding them mitts for him was something else. Felt like he could punch through a bloody wall. And moving down the list is another boxing legend who won another Olympic bronze medal. And this is Antonio Tarver. He didn't just win an Olympic bronze medal, but he went on to be a multiple time world champion. And he had some unbelievable skills. He started boxing at 20 years old as well. Now you might be thinking Tony, 20 years old, 19, 18, I thought you said these guys were old. Well, let me tell you, they're going to get older and older on this list and shock you even more and more. But before I get into that, I need to tell you something else about getting old because I'm now 40 years old and I've taken thousands of punches to the head and I really care about brain health and recovery. And let me tell you, getting old sometimes is not fun for many people. And I'm currently not only trying to slow down my aging, but also I believe I can reverse my aging process. Now this might sound crazy to so many people, but let me tell you it's 2026 right now and technologies and scientific studies are coming out which can help us do this. And right now for me to do this, I'm doing a bunch of things. And one of them things, the easiest thing, is by taking supplementation that is proven to help cognitive functioning and also help aging process. And I use my supplements from a research company called do not age.org. Now the supplements I'm taking which I love, the first one is pure omega-3. This is a must take for longevity and brain health. And then I'm taking vitamin D3 with K2 and magnesium and it's essential for all of us to have optimal vitamin D levels. It's crucial for brain functioning. Now yes, you get vitamin D from the sun, but most of us are not in out there in the sun all the time. So vitamin D is a must. Now the third thing that I'm taking is NMN. This helps with cellular repair and is supported by extensive research. And like I said, I get mine from an amazing research company that is using the very best ingredients. And this is do not age.org. And I'm so happy that they sponsored today's video and helping me reverse my biological age. Now if you want to get some great supplements, I can't recommend these highly enough. Go to do not age.org cuz they sponsored the video. If you use code boxing, you're going to save an extra 10% off. You can scan here or the links are below. Now back to these world champion boxers who started as pensioners. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Well maybe not. Number five, we're going to talk about a legend, Sergio Martinez. He went on to become fighter of the year and became unified world champion. And he was one of the slickest southpaws that you'll ever see. I recommend you go and watch some of his videos if you've never seen him and study his movement. He's an absolute legend mate. And he started boxing at the age of 22 years old. Now number four is a guy who is from the same areas as I'm from. Well, a couple of hours south. And that is Clinton Woods from Sheffield. He didn't grow up boxing, but he still went on to win a world title. And this is just proof that you don't need a childhood background in boxing to have success in it. And he started boxing at the age of 22. Now moving down the list, they're getting even older. This guy, Riddick Bowe, absolute bloody legend mate. He was another Olympic heavyweight champion, gold medalist as well as a world professional champion, which was unbelievable. He didn't start boxing until the age of 23 years old. Now you might think well it's still pretty young, 23 years old. But let me tell you, at the age of 23, I'd won seven national titles, I'd fought for England and Great Britain 56 times, I'd won an Olympic bronze medal, I'd been on an eight-year training program for them Olympics with Team Great Britain by the age of 23 years old. This guy decided to walk into the gym at that age. And look at the success that he had. Unbelievable. And that goes for the same as the next person on this list. Unbelievable achievements. This is Rocky Marciano. He is the only heavyweight world champion to ever retire as an undefeated world champion. He was known for his iron chin and devastating power. Now he started boxing, another one, at the age of 23. Bloody Rocky Marciano just mooching around as a like a 22-year-old thinking what should I do with the rest of my life? Hmm, maybe I'll go in this boxing gym and try boxing. Next thing he's in that boxing gym, becomes one of the greatest fighters of all time. Unbelievable. Now number one on this list, someone who you've probably heard of who did amazing things like everyone else on this list. Before I tell you that, I just want to say it. One of the best things that you can do for your training to get better if you are older, even if you're younger, everyone should be working on this one thing. Do you know what it is? It is footwork because if you can get your footwork right, not only will this improve the speed of your punches, the power of your punches, your counter-punching, your conditioning, your balance, your combos, but it will also make you a all round better fighter. Now you can get better footwork by checking out the boxing footwork academy. This is a program that's stacked with every drill, technique that you need to help you reach your full potential in boxing. You can get your phone and you can scan here or you can click the link below. Go to boxingfitness.com/footwork and check out the boxing footwork academy. It's an absolute game changer mate. Trust us, it's unbelievable. Now we're moving on to number one on the list. This guy started really late and he went on to beat Muhammad Ali. Can you guess who it is? Well he boxed Muhammad Ali three times, but in the first outing he bloody beat him. Now before I tell you who it is and tell you his age, I just want you to think about this. You're mooching around as a 23-year-old getting up to no good, not knowing what you're going to do with your life. And you've heard of Muhammad Ali because he is the greatest fighter of all time, Olympic champion. He's the most famous fighter of all time. And you're 23 and you're like what should I do with my life? And you thought there's a boxing gym over there, maybe I'll go and try that. You walk into that boxing gym, you start training, you're pretty good. And then you end up getting a fight with Muhammad Ali, Muhammad Ali bloody Lee should I say, and beat him the bloody guy. And you started when you were 24 years old. Well this fighter who I'm talking about is called Ken Norton, absolute legend in boxing. Now you might be thinking Tony, these are young fighters, I'm older. Well I'll tell you what you can do if you're older mate. You can watch this video right here where I tell you what you can do to reach your full potential in boxing. So if you're in your late 30s or older, click here and watch this video next. I'll tell you exactly how you can train better and reach your full potential.