Kind: captions Language: en If you do boxing training, you need to make sure you're doing mobility exercises because if you're doing mobility, it's going to help increase your performance and also reduce the risk of injury. And on this video, we're going to go over the eight best exercises that you can do. And I've brought along my good friend BJ Gdor, who is a mobility expert and also the former men's health fitness director. Now, at the end of the video, we're going to give you a bonus tip that only takes 10 minutes a day that BJ's just been telling me about that's really helped him increase his performance in fitness. So, make sure you watch that one. Now, before we get into these eight amazing exercises, BJ, tell us a little bit about mobility and why we should be doing it. So, mobility is all about joint range of motion. And as a boxer, if we are tight in our hips, tighten our shoulders, it's going to affect our ability to punch, defend, and attack the opponent. So, by opening up these areas pre- or post-workout or using them for recovery on off days, you'll be better as a boxer both inside and outside the ring. So yeah, what you're seeing is these exercises won't just help you in the ring, they're going to help you outside the ring as well. Right. For sure. No matter whether you're squatting or working out or playing with your kids, walking up and down the stairs, running, all these drills are going to help make sure your joints don't hurt, take your body through a full range of motion. And especially as you get older and you can't recover as much and you get more stiff and sore just waking up every time throughout the day, these will help you stay in the game, stay loose, and limber. Right, let's do it. So, exercise number one is the glute bridge. just going to open up your hip flexors and activate the glutes. It's great if you've been sitting a long time. Those muscles shut down and you get really tight. It's also going to allow you to get more punching power into every punch. We're going to use a mix of a mini band and a medicine ball. And this drill is one of my all-time favorite starters. All right, so the glute bridge. Now, we have two tools to enhance the exercise. You've seen this before in yoga. People bridge up and hold. You can also do it as a dynamic rep. Now, the mini bands, the benefit of this guy, you've worn this a bunch when you're boxing. It helps keep your stance, so your feet come close together, also activates your lateral hips. So, when these get weak, you're much more prone to the knee collapsing in and getting some joint issues. And again, the butt is very important for overall performance. So, we put the band just above the knee. And as I bridge up, I can hold it isomemmetrically. I'm actively trying to push out against the band to activate my lateral hips. Now, I can inhale down through the nose into the belly. Exhale up through the mouth. Think about doing, you know, 10 to 20 repetitions or sets of one to two minutes of work. Now, if I want to increase the challenge and now let's get the hip flexors going. I'm going to work on driving the knee to the chest while isometrically holding the top position. I can even if I really want to get more hamstring involvement. See how I'm walking out? Oh, yeah. Full extension while maintaining my hips up and then walk it back. And this is like doing a leg curl without the need for a machine or even a stability ball to do it. What do you think about that one? I feel like this is helping you get stronger as well. It's all about the hips, right? Big punchers, you know, people like Mike Tyson, how do you get the power? It was the hips, it was the legs get an incredible upper body, don't get me wrong, but if you don't have if your hips are tight, you don't get enough range of motion behind the punches. And if you don't have your butt behind your punches, they're just arm punches. It won't be as effective. So, with this, you said what? 10 to 20 reps or 10 to 20 reps or I I typically like to do for time because you can just focus on the movement, not count, right? So, one to two minutes of work. Uh you can start with 30 to 60 seconds and kind of build into it. And if you're doing circuits, you can even plug this move as like the first move in a full body circuit as a way to warm up and kind of get into it. Again, it works your glutes, your hamstrings, also stabilizes your lower back. And the ball, adding the ball could be a cool mix, too. Yeah. So, with this and all of the other exercises, would you see you should warm up before you do these or go in cold? Great question. Take a look at my face. So, it's a little hot in here, but these these are all like designed as kind of lower level starters. Um, so yeah, they're warm-up drills, right? Your post-workout. So, technically, they are warming you up. And very rarely will you need to warm up to do stuff like this that's very low level, more body weight focused. Okay, great. And so, we showed the mini band. Now, the ball, the benefit of the ball is, yeah, it might have some weight to it. I like the Dynamax ball because it's thick and padded and you can really kind of squeeze into it. Your pelvis attaches to your lumbar spine. I'm sorry, your lumbar spine attaches to your pelvis. So, your pelvic position will dictate your lower back position. So, by squeezing this ball, you actually engage your pelvic floor and put your lumbar spine or lower back in a perfect position. So, we squeeze the ball. You also work your abductors. You just hurt your groin. This is a way to help with groin injuries by strengthening in that area. So I push up, press on my hips to the sky, maintain a slight crunch in the abs, so I don't extend my low back. And I can hold that for time, breathing in through the nose, the belly, and then out through the mouth. Or I can add repetition. And I can do that same thing. This gets really tough, is squeezing the ball simultaneously while extending the leg out at a time. I actually just felt my pelvis click into position. So it's actually a pelvic reset. And again, because the lumbar spine attaches to the pelvis, it might be one of the best investments you make if you have lower back pain. Right. That's great. Yeah. And again, with these ones, you said do this for time over Yes. 1 to 2 minutes or 10 to 20 repetitions. If you're doing the march, that's a good 1 to 2 minute drill. Your butt cheek will they'll be cooking. Yeah. Great. So, this next drill I call the scap press to belly get up. And this is very important for shoulder mobility. And then a progression I'll show you will also mobilize the hips. You get more punches, more punching power into your hooks. Yeah, we all want more punching power. So, for this, you just need a dumbbell. What What weight? You've got a 25 there. Got a 25. This is my light. But you're really strong, mate. I I've done these with a 100 lb bell. Oh, wow. Um, but I do most of my work light. I practice light so I can train heavy. So, 25 is is what might be pretty challenging. I'd start with even a 5 or 10 lb bell. You can work with a soup can, even a 2 or three lb light dumbbell to start because this is much more challenging than it looks. And what we're trying to work here is it's called your seratus anterior muscle. It looks like a shark fin on the side of your ribs. The rocky for muscle. When he's all shredded, he's like this. You see it? It is the it protracts your scapula. So they call it the punchers muscle for a reason. If I'm really tight here, I throw a jab. Even if I send all the way, if this is active enough, it might be here versus here. So now a punch that would not hit does hit. Very important on the jab. And then in particular when I add the hip roll, people that are more like arm punchers on the hooks, by peeling open the hips, we can create a lot more hook power on that punch, too. So, it's a great flow uh for overall punching power and extension. So that's that is perfect for for the hips because you know for the hooks yeah we see a lot of people with stiff hips they can't get the power and the rotation in them but as well not just for for them like you said the straight punches here but when you loosen up your hips and open up your hips you can really rotate on every single punch that you're throwing in boxing it's all coming from here. So I'm guessing this is going to be great for that. Oh yeah and he you taught me how to box and you remember the first day I was I was that guy you know I thought I almost died like 10 minutes in I almost died. I punch myself out. But what I learned working with Tony is that you got to really focus on your breath. And it's it's all through the legs. So here's the drill. We start in a fetal position to kind of organize our body and pack everything and stack it down. I'm going to roll onto my back. This leg is bent. This leg is straight. And then I just extend from a floor press. Now, what I'm trying to do here is the arm stays straight. All I'm trying to do is press my knuckles as high to the sky as possible. Exhale it up. And then I want to pull my shoulder underground on the way down with an inhale. And this actually mobilizes the whole shoulder calf as well. Now after about five or 10 of those, this is advanced, okay? So you don't have to rush into this and you never force it when it comes to your lower back. But I kind of spin my arm like this. I bring that leg over the top. And you can just start here. And now this is going to really help. See, I'm kind of taking that leg and trying to get my hips pressed into the floor, driving the toes in to kind of get the quad activated. And I'm stretching my hips and my low back. And now, if I really want to progress this, I do a little slide. Now, I want to feel You want to get that dick on the mat. It's all, you know what I'm saying? Get that dick on the mat. You heard that, right? That's how it's done. And now, what I'm trying to do is breathe through my belly while doing this. And you can see I've dissociated my shoulders from my hips. So, that's pure upper back mobility. And then if I want to tie it all together, you bring it into a full or Turkish get up, which is a full body mobility and stability move and a true lie detector test. Anything missing in the kinetic chain mobility wise will be exposed here. But I show this just as a there's so many different ways you can progress this and layer it. But it all starts just by learning how to move to the shoulder with a straight arm and staying relaxed, breathing, right? And keeping that core tight throughout the full 100%. We do so many the patterns in there. You're planking, you're bridging, you're lunging, you're holding overhead. So, it's a full body workout, but it's also a great way to warm up. Yeah. And with this, how many reps would you do? I guess start light. Start with one and then progress for over time. Absolutely. you know, I'm so these movements we're doing, you can do them all together or, you know, you can focus on one at a time. I love doing this as I'll say I'll set the clock for, let's say, even 5 to 10 or even 20 minutes, and every minute I'll switch sides, right? So, I'll do like five scap presses, roll over to the belly, come back up, get up, and then whatever is left in that minute, I rest. The next minute, I just switch sides. Now, would you recommend doing this before the boxing session or a different session at all? Well, for a quick warmup, just do, you know, five scap presses and come all the way up and down and then switch sides. That be less than two two to five minutes total. People say strength training, I think, especially as you get older. Loaded mobility work. So, it's a way to actually practice movements, refine them, they're easy to recover from. So, again, like one of my favorite workouts is part of a workout is I'll just hit the clock for 20 minutes and I'll just flow switching sides. As you can see right now, like everything is warm. I'm sweating. Yeah. And I'm building mobility, stability, breath, and full body strength at the same time. Yeah, that's great. And I think personally I want to start doing this, but I would do it maybe very light before a session. Yeah. Yeah. I'd start with again like I say soup can or even your fist. Yeah. Um it's it's nice to have even a small weight in your hand like one of those egg weights because if you can squeeze this creates an irradiation effect. So when I squeeze my fist, it makes all the surrounding muscles stronger as well. So you just get a little more stability. If you go with an open hand, you know, you just be kind of weak and loose. But um I would recommend anyone 5 lb dumbbell to start, get the range of motion. It's all about range of motion. That's what mobility is. It's it's a range of motion versus a load focus. You put someone in a barbell squat, their focus is what? Getting the weight up. But with a movement like this, you're just trying to squeeze. Even a centimeter extra range of motion could be the difference between connecting or not connecting a punch. But it's also very good for fortifying your joints. So number three, I call it the dirty down dog flow. Um because yeah, it's like a downward dog in yoga. We add a couple extra elements to make it a bit more challenging, a bit more progressive. And what's so great about this, we're activating our core, we're mobilizing our shoulders, and we're stretching the hips and hamstrings. And one of the big causes of lower back pain, people bend over and they blow out their back. When you can't get motion through your hamstrings, your body compensates and rounds and that's where you get that flexion, bulging, herniated disc problem. So, this is a great exercise, kind of a full body warm up. So, we get in our push-up position and start with a nice wide stance to make it easier. Keeping your arms straight, I want you to inhale through the nose into the belly and work to get your feet as flat to the floor as possible. Now, when you're right here, you want to try to push away. See, see the shoulder action? Oh, yeah. I push away and I can really kind of sink into it. I can do a little bit of a hip shape, a little twerk, right? They call it a twerk these days, don't they? Come back in. And then I can add a push-up. Keeping my forearms vertical. Inhale down. Exhale up. And then come back. Now to go right into that scapular press we did in the last movement, I can do a scap push-up, which means my arms are straight. And all I do is I retract at the shoulder blades, bring them together, and then I push them away and round my upper back. So that's another way to do it. Why don't you try a couple reps? I should coach you on that, and then I'll show a progression. Cuz I'm not very flexible. And do you have to be flexible for this? We'll find out. That's the thing, too. It's it's it's safe, though. That's the thing, too. You're you don't have to worry about hurting yourself in this movement. Um, and initially, you won't be able to get back as far, but over time, you know, doing this for five or 10 reps or one to two minutes, you'll definitely make some progress on it. Okay, great. So, push those fingers. Yeah. Then from here, I want to go back. There you go. Stretch it. Now, right there. Oh, that feels good. Push away there. What am I pushing now? Try to push your shoulders as far away from your hands as you can. There you go. right there and sink into it. So you let your head kind of sink between the biceps. Keep stretching again. So when your hands are tight, the lower back might round a bit. So as he warms up into it. There you go. Yeah, that was better. Where do you feel the stretch right now? I feel it on my calves, calf, Achilles. Yeah, like all my legs. That feels really good. This is great. Dogs do it for a reason. They actually do it like hourly. It's how they stay loose. And now the third time around it feels even easier. Like, you know, I can see I'm warming up into it straight away. Oh, yeah. After about three to five reps, you're warm into it. Yeah. And again, like one of my favorite uh like chest finishers. You want to get like a bodybuilding workout, you know, hit five push-ups, go back and stretch. Then we go into a push-up. You say you can add a push-up in. There you go. Perfect. So, full body strengthener and stretcher all in one. And here's a really cool That feels amazing. That really does feel good. People say, "Well, this gets boring after a while." No, it doesn't get boring. Yeah, you got to progress. So, I can do this on one leg. And now, this really isolates the calf and hamstring on that one side. And I'm doing a onelegged push-up. Or I can really progress this. And now I can go one arm at a time here. Mate, you're just showing off now. Stretch. He's just showing off now, aren't you? Should I do the arm push-up? Yeah. Oh, mate. Yeah. Get Get away. Get out of here. That's great. Now on this one, I noticed you done the demo and when you were in this position, how long do you hold it for? Because you were holding but you were explaining. So do you just hold it for a couple of seconds or do I want to hold it for what? I like about 3 to 5 seconds to kind of just sit there. And again, you can anytime you can add movement the better. Like you don't just have to kind of sit back through. We can add a little side to side action. I could also kind of reach, you know, to help kind of get one side more than the other at a time. But yeah, about 3 to 5 seconds in each shape from plank to the down dog or the hinge action. That's going to work really nice. All right. Nice. Yeah, I like that one. That's something I'll definitely be using. So, number four is the ultimate hip mobility drill. And I'd also say butt builder. And what this is going to do is if you spend too much time in one stance, whether it be orthodox or soft paw, you tend to get imbalances and one side gets tighter than the other and that causes your pelvis to shift and you get back pain. So this drill is great for that. We can use a stick to self assist and we can also use a medicine ball to help improve the mobility as well. But initially we can just start like this Tony. We try to get to a 9090 position. So this front leg, it's like kind of the modified pigeon stretch in yoga. But this back leg, it's like a lying quad stretch in a way. So this one we're working internal rotation in the back leg, external rotation in the front leg. And this is a nice way to start. Sometimes it's even hard to even close that gap, but just kind of It's a bit sexual. I mean, a lot of people are, but we're just trying to kind of peel open those hips a bit. How's that feel right now? Initially, too, sometimes people feel a little bit of tension inside the knee. That's why you can just start from a little bit wider apart. Yeah. And then what you want to try to do is see if you can close the box by pressing the foot into the inside knee. And then you take this opposite shoulder here and you can kind of use it to kind of post up on. And here's what's great, too. I post up. I can do some clamshells. So, I'm working my abductors and then the ADUctors on the way down. Sometimes, too, I'll even take the foot and I'll press hard against the knee. I'll feel my pelvis snap into place. And then what I like to use the med ball for, and I'm going to have you try this too, so you can feel it. So, you might feel like particularly that back leg is hard to get in position, and that means you're missing internal rotation. You take a 20 to 30 lb medicine ball and the weight of that ball does a couple things. One, it helps kind of give you counterbalance. You can sit in the position longer and then the weight of the ball presses and peels the hips to the floor to level out that pelvis, too. Right. So, I'm just holding this here, right? Yeah. Hold it right on that trail leg. You actually have pretty good mobility, man. This position, by the way, this is tough. Don't get discouraged. This took me like 2 or 3 years to work on. my hip hips were so tight, but it was important because when I started to box, because it was so tight, I would get a lot of back pain post boxing. So, this because I've been working this drill so much, made a lot of improvements. I do it sometimes on watching TV at night, Netflix, and stretch. Yeah. Just you sit on the ground with your kids, hold your kid. You know, again, you got to find a way, especially as you get older and you get busy, to fit it in. And one thing you can do too is you take a stick, baseball bat, PVC pipe, and this becomes a tool you can self assist with and add what's called the shin box squat. Inhale down, exhale up. And I use as much upper body assistance as I need. This is great for again five to 10 reps per side. Or again, you set the clock for, you know, one to two minutes per side and just kind of float. But it's going to build your butt. It's going to bulletproof your back. And it's especially important if you spend too much time in one stance. Yeah. Which just about 99% of people do, which I used to do as well in one stance. So yeah, this is great to what? Like level out 100%. Yeah. Level out the pelvis. It'll improve your, by the way, it'll improve your lunging. Here's the beauty of this, too. I can actually Tonyy's like, "This guy never shuts up." I love it. bring this into squat to a split squat to a body weight squat and work it back. So again, it's it's can become a full flow. And each level I again like I love to go from the ground up because it allows you to organize your joints and builds raw strength coming up as you level up. But there's no limits to this. You can load it up with dumbbells. I do this with a 100 pound dumbbell because I can do it in this kind of what's called a mechanically disadvantaged position. You're not very strong here. So if you get strong in a weak position, imagine how strong you are in a strong position, right? So this is one of my favorite drills. It's an investment because initially you might be tight, you might be frustrated with it, but over time this is the single best lower body investment I've ever made and I come from a long history of knee pain playing football and stuff like that. So it's worth the investment if you can make it. The beauty about this, you just set it right there. You can be watching TV and getting the benefits just by sitting. Kids switching. A lot of times too, I will check email or text or messages on my phone. And again, you got to fit it in uh whenever you can. And but it also if you want to make it part of a good warm up or cool down, it's excellent for that too between rounds. Yeah, between rounds. Minute rest. Get down here. Work on your breathing in a mobility position. what you've said about which all of these exercises is talking about, you know, you get getting old. If you can't do this stuff when you're 20, 30, 40, how do you expect to do this stuff when you're 60 or 70 or 80? 100%. You know, so yeah, I think it's great. Not just for boxing, but for life. Most important thing is people think, oh, I I can't do what I used to do. No, it's less about that. You just can't recover as well as you used to, right? So, you got to do more now just to be at a baseline rate that you were 10, 20 years ago. Uh but the thing is you get smarter and you know you don't have to do as much training because you have such a base you've built too. So some people say the you know the wrong side of 30 the wrong side of 40 it's it can also be called the smart side. And I've noticed looking at your YouTube channel all of the workouts and the videos that you give there is things that you can do at home as well. Yeah that's that's kind of my specialty when I worked at Men's Health. We had a lot of busy parents professionals and people typically don't have a whole lot of time to work out. So most of the stuff that I did for them was about 20 to 30 minutes in length, even 10 minutes sometimes, and minimal equipment, you know, body weight, bands, med balls, kettle bell, dumbbell, uh that you can do with you anywhere, hotel room, travel, and uh you know, you got to meet people meet people where they're at, but boxers don't need advanced equipment either, you know? Right. No, definitely. Yeah. Just this stuff applies to combat athletes as as much as a busy mom or dad. Yeah. Great. This is exercise number five. And BJ calls this the tall kneeling split switches. Got it. And I love to teach the lunge or the split squat from the ground up because it allows you to really level out your pelvis and work on your form and technique and get the right position. Again, take a baseball bat or a stick to self assist a PVC pipe just again to give you some confidence, added stability for this. And what I'm trying to do is starting here and being smooth, I'm going to exhale and bring one leg into a lunge position. And then I'm going to try to bring it back without as smoothly as possible. Right? So here would be a bad example. Right? That's not good. Smooth would be what I have to do is take that back leg, drive it under ground, which actually mobilizes the hip capsule, inhale it back. Now, here's the crazy stuff I can do. I can do a little low lunge lift off. Hold it for a couple seconds. Wake up all my lower body muscles. inner, outer hip, thigh, glute, hamstring, quad. Lower down. Switch. Low lunge lift off right there. Here's what else I can add. Work on my hip flexors and my overall hip mobility. Dig in. Kind of ice pick it into the ground. Exhale up. I can add a lift off. So, there's no end to what you can do in this. And it's so hard like to do come up from like the ground with no assistance. You get rid of this guy. One of my favorite finishers. Set the clock for five minutes. Stand up and just keep going. Yeah. And you will get such a good leg pump. And again, it's going to really bulletproof your knees, which are a very common area for all athletes, but even boxers that'll get injured over time. Yeah. No, that's fantastic. And that, you know, like you said, fires up your full lower body, which in boxing, footwork is the most important thing. So, this is great for that. Helps you get low. See, that's the thing, too. People, a lot of people when they do lunges, okay, nothing wrong with that small range of motion, but remember Mike Tyson in his prime, how low he would get. You get all the way down. So, by training from the ground up, we're getting full range of motion, more strength. It it makes light weight feel heavy, like your body weight feels like heavy weight because you get no momentum. I got to create the strength without any stretch. When I go up and down, I've got a stretch reflex that I'm using kind of the rebound effect of your muscles and connective tissues. But without that, it's all muscle work to come up. But again, you have to really dig this one down to make it smooth. And uh you have people watching too that do BJJ or other combat sports too. This is great for any sort of ground game as well. Yeah. Great. I love it. So people say the power comes from your legs. It kind of does, but BJ's got this crazy method of punching removing your legs from their equation and just kind of using your hips, right? 100%. You know, when I started boxing, one thing I noticed is I had a hard time, you know, I wanted to make it more upper body and I wasn't getting my hips that much into it. And one thing that helps is by just doing it from the split kneeling or tall kneeling position. The only way I can throw these punches, they can be arm punches only, which is obvious, but it teaches you how to kind of mobilize your hips as you work on it. So, like a nice warmup, you do a threeminute round, 90 seconds each side, working in close. And you can see, look at all the I can work on my slips. I can roll a punch, which actually kind of gets me squatting down a bit. And again, this might look like more like jiu-jitsu style stuff, but what will happen is when I stand back up now, my hips are really mobile and loose. So, yeah, this is a great like a warm-up round. 90 seconds per side, more combos, shadow box. So, number seven is stance mobility, and we need a stick for this one. The stick helps. You know, again, like one of the keys to progression is often regression. Sometimes your body weight, you have stiff knees. You've been training a long time. You come into a session a little bit cold and it's tough to get the bends and the bounciness you want to get. So, the stick allows us to get into our boxing stance. And a couple things we can just work on immediately are your toe and foot mobility. Right? If you have stiff toes, you can't dig them into the ground and get the push off from the ground. You need to create that full body power behind the punches. or you might get, you know, turf toe or other foot lower leg injuries because of the stiffness in those joints. So, just kind of unloading here, working on that. I can do some kind of ankle motions, flex, extend, just kind of work on that. And what I found this to be really helpful for is I remember when you first showed me how to roll, I felt like I had to bend at the waist to get because I didn't have the my body weight was too much. So, what I started to do was I held on to this and I would sink and squat under it and kind of work that pivoting feet, rotating hips, rolling pattern. And uh you can even work on, you know, the slip aspect of this. But what I also found too hookwise, right? So, being able to turn, get low like a Mike Tyson style hook where he's he's literally pulling from the ground it seems to come up. I can unload myself so I can sink down and I can kind of practice in slow motion different types of punches at unique angles I couldn't access without the assistance. Right. Like you know some of those like turning angles or twisting angles that without the stick I would be so off balance. Yeah. Yeah. So, it gives me confidence to get new ranges of motion. And then when I enter into actually getting into competition or the actual workout, feeling good, I'm loose. My body had a stepping stone to now ready unassisted to get after it. Right. So, with this one, you're seeing uh like with the punches getting used to to Yeah. You kind of ice pick it into the ground with the other hand. And you see the stability it gives you. Yeah. So, you can really kind of you can stick and hold. you can turn and really again take some angles that only it seems like the elite fighters, you know, like the Roy Jones Juniors, the Mike Tyson's, uh the Ali's, they could take such unique angles because of how much confidence they had on their feet. But especially if you're a bigger guy or you have a history of knee pain, it's tough to get to get down like this. Um so it gives you a way to kind of build up to it. And I like to do that kind of before I start my boxing just as a way to get my stance. But don't overlook the feet. You know, just by working, you know, all these different motions through the ankle and particularly kind of digging that back toe and getting more extension into the toe, it's going to allow you to get bouncier and it's going to allow you to get more force from the ground up in your punches. Oh, good. I like that. And the final one is called hangs. And BJ's brought this from home. So, what's this one all about? So, people ask me what's the number one exercise to do for longevity? I would say daily hangs. What a hang does is it actually decompresses your spine and then it hydrates and nourishes all the intravertible discs of your spine. So if you have back pain and then if you have trouble getting your arms overhead, which is most people when you sit at your desk all day, your lats tighten, your posture gets bad. So it's improving two of the biggest areas, right? Shoulder and back. I like to do it selfass assisted cuz it's hard for a lot of people. They don't have the grip strength or it hurts your hands or you're just not ready to do it for long periods of time. So, what you do is you set the bar at a height that allows you to get your feet on the floor to self assist with your lower body. If you have a higher pull-up bar, you just bring like a box or a bench over and just put your feet on the box or bench. And I can use any grip, but starting by just kind of keeping the feet on the floor and kind of just moving side to side. I want you to try this, too. Yeah, I want to try this one. I can do my scapular shrugs or going from like turtle head to pulling all the way back. Now again, I can do all these drills unassisted too, but again, most of the time I like to go for about a minute or two self assisted. I can spend more time in it. We can go to a split stance, kind of work on that kind of split squat or lunge shape going side to side. And now, what is this actually doing? So, right here, we're mobilizing our lats, right? And especially when we do it with our full body weight hanging down, it's basically taking giving space between the discs. Okay? So when you box or you stand or you squat all day long we have compressive forces on our body. This does the exact opposite. So it's so nourishing and healing to the spine. My favorite is with the feet on the ground is you add that twist and now I'm getting that full rotation through the body and uh man try this. It feels so good just uh opening up that whole region. And again using the feet you can spend so much extra time in here than you would otherwise. Again, you got to be okay with assisting, right? Assisted movements allow you to execute them with perfect form, spend more time in them. What was the twist one? Yeah. Bring that front leg forward all the way over there. You feel that? Yeah. All the way through. And again, these are these are the movements, right? So, you can get Oh, yeah. That turns huge on that lower spine as well. And then as you want to get more of a stretch, you can still keep your feet there, but like let your upper body take most of the weight and you can feel even more of a pull. Yeah, I feel like there. And then stay there for a second. Relax. And now try to pull your ears down to your shoulders. And now pull them all the way. Go the opposite way. Now pull it down. There you go. So now you're doing a little scrug. And this further just really improves the scapular rotator cuff area as well. Again, a lot of people get hurt on their punches because they have very unstable shoulder. Yeah. So I've heard Joe Rogan talking about this. He does this often in the hang. I can't remember what he said the benefits were, but it was a while ago since I heard that. But yeah, he said he does it all the time. Spinal decompression is really the biggest thing. When the spine gets too compressed, that's when those discs can can be blown out of there, right? Bulg bulge or actually herniates and so it creates the length you need. It restores especially uh most people have real hard time getting their arms overhead. And when that happens, you get shoulder impingement or you get tears in the shoulder, labor tears, shoulder back. Um but also one of the most important things to fight is grip. Grip strength is a big predictor of longevity. People with grip strength, they live longer. Yeah. So, uh, beyond the fact that if you do this often, it'll blow up your upper body. Yeah. Oh, great. I love it. Now, this bonus tip is fantastic. Be's already told me it, and I'm going to be definitely doing this. You want to tell the audience what this is? So, one thing that I do a ton, and because of the pandemic, a lot of people now do work remotely from home. But even if you work at an office, you can get a door pull-up bar for like 50 bucks, put it on the door, and then hourly, I just jump on and I hang. Or I can work in any of these mobility drills, eho, which means every hour on the hour. So you got a typical 9 to5 10-hour workday. You sit all day, you get stiff, you get sore, you're get low energy, you got to rely on stimulants to get through the day. But by every hour, initially kind of setting an alarm just to remind yourself or put in your appointment book. You get up and you do one of these drills for at least 1 minute up to 5 minutes. By the end of the day, we're talking 10 to 15 minutes of mobility you've just snuck in. You peppered in throughout the day. Even if you don't train that day, you've done things that will help prevent injury, improve performance, stimulate muscle gain, burn some calories, but ultimately every time you do this too, what happens? You get energy. Yeah. You get blood flowing throughout your body, and you just It's so key for longevity. People, especially as they get older, it's not about necessarily looking sexy or having huge muscles. It's about being able to play with your kids, being able to walk when you go on vacation and and do, you know, adventurous activities. And uh that's the investment this this EHO investment makes makes a world of difference and uh it's it's completely changed the way I look at fitness. Right now that you've learned all about mobility, you should learn how to warm up the full body. And that's why I created this video right here. So, you can click here and learn about the full body warm-up.