Kind: captions Language: en I want to tell you a little story. I was in Chicago representing Great Britain at the World Championships in the famous Illinois Stadium. I'm about to fight in front of 9,000 people who was very loud. And guess who I was fighting? None other than their American team captain Christopher DS. Mate, the entire crowd were all chanting USA, USA. And on top of that, this wasn't just the World Championships, which is a big deal on its own. This was actually the Olympic qualifiers. And this American had just beaten the Ukrainian fighter who was a former world champion and the favorite to win the gold medal in our weight division. So, believe us when I tell you this, I was the underdog big time. And this American was taller than me. He punched just as hard as me. He had fast hands like me and he had loads of experience. And I'm not going to lie, just about everyone there thought that he was going to beat me easy. But guess what? He didn't because there was one thing that I did better than him. And this is the thing that this video was about. And if you get it right, it will put you ahead of most people out there because they're not training at this correctly. Can you guess what it is? Well, he was pretty flatfooted. But me, my footwork was something that I used to put so much time and energy into. Moving in and out, cutting the angles, pivoting, making him miss, and then making him miss again, then moving me feet and making him pay. And because of me footwork, I won that fight. I qualified for the Olympics. And this changed my life forever. And it was right then when I realized just how important having great footwork in boxing is. It's everything. But you haven't come on here listening to me talk about me. Let's talk about why this matters for you. Well, if you master footwork, literally every aspect of your boxing will instantly improve. Now, you might think I'm exaggerating. Well, listen to this. If you master your footwork, it will improve the speed of your punches because good footwork positions you perfectly to throw faster punches when you're stepping with it and punching with it. And that goes for your power as well. When you know the right steps and movements to do, not only do you punch faster, but you punch harder as well. And then balance on top of that will improve, which helps your combination punches, your defense will improve because you're getting out the way of punches, but you're also getting in positions where you're able to counter punch as well. So, it's going to improve counter punching and landing punches when your opponents is not expecting these punches. And even if you're not boxing for fighting or sparring and just doing this for fitness, if you improve your footwork, even your conditioning improves because efficient footwork means you're going to stop wasting energy. Right now, you might be hitting the bag and you might think, "Oh, I'm going to go for a little dance around the bag for a little bit." Then you feel like, "Oh, I'm exhausted." Well, that's not probably because you're not fit. It's probably because you're not doing it the right way. And don't worry about that, mate. I'm going to tell you what you can do to improve that. But the problem is like most people have not got great footwork or efficient footwork because a lot of people are just stomping around like big elephants stuck in the mud and tired one minute just after moving around like I mentioned before. And this is because they've never learned how to move lightly and efficiently on your toes. Like Muhammad Ali says, float like a butterfly. But we're not doing this. We think we are and we'll try to do it and then we'll get exhausted. So like, ah, no, this is not for me. And be honest with yourself, mate. Can you dance around on your toes looking like Muhammad Ali? Maybe not Muhammad Ali, but you know what I'm saying. And doing that without getting exhausted. I'd love to know in the comments below if you can do that. or do you feel light on your feet the way that you should and feel really comfortable when you're doing this? And if you're not there yet and you're not comfortable and you feel like you need to improve, here's exactly what you should do. Next time you train, grab your phone, set it up, and film yourself shadow boxing for one round and hitting the heavy bag for one round. Now, don't worry, no one's going to see this video. You're not going to be posting it on YouTube like me. But what this video is for is for you to watch this back closely and spot the mistakes that you're making. Because if you don't even know that you're making these mistakes, it's impossible to improve them. Like, are you crossing your feet when you're moving to your left and right? Are you losing balance when you're throwing combinations? Are you flatfooted and heavy on your feet? So, if someone did attack you, if you're not on your balls of your feet, you're not going to be able to move fast. Or maybe you're getting exhausted quickly when you're moving around. And now I'll tell you exactly how to fix that weakness once you've found it. But first, I just need to say this is not one sizefits-all. Peter down the street might have different problems with his footwork than Sally down the street who's got different footworks to Muhammad down the street. Everyone's footwork might be different. So, I can't just say everyone needs to do this. But here are some of the biggest, most common mistakes that I'll see. If you're getting too tired when you are moving around the bag or moving around on your feet, there's that good chance that you're moving incorrectly and your legs are not conditioned to move the way that you should be moving. What I would highly recommend is doing specific ladder drills as part of your warm-up where you're working on agility, hand, eye, and foot coordination. And then also doing ladder drills when you're working on punching and moving at the same time. When you're working on ladder drills the correct way, moving fast and slow, this is going to help build a stamina in your legs, which is only going to help you improve your overall conditioning and doing this the right way. And this is something that we did when I was training for the Olympic Games, working on specific footwork drills to be able to be light on our feet. Now, you might not be getting tired when you're moving around all the time. You might be, say, losing balance. Now, if you are losing balance after you're throwing punches, how do you fix that? Well, you've got to slow everything down. Shadow boxing at half speed. I'm not just talking about with the feet. I'm talking about with the punches as well. And what I like to think is if you can't do something correct at half speed, you're never going to be able to do something correct at full speed. So pull back, slow it down, and figure out exactly what punch or combination or you're doing with your feet when you feel off balance. And it might be that minor detail that now you've just figured out what you need to fix. When you fix that, your game will improve. Your boxing will improve by 15 20%. Now imagine that by fixing this minor detail because now you've got great balance. You can move better. You can throw longer combinations, better combinations, combinations with more power, with more speed, with more focus. And that's just by doing this one little thing. Now, your balance might be fine. You might feel like every time you're moving to your left and right, you're crossing your feet. And this is a common mistake with beginners. And it's a very simple one to fix. You've just got to dedicate entire rounds of working on specific lateral movement drills. If you can't move laterally in a drill when you're focused on it without crossing your feet and feeling off balance, when you're on the bag and you're not focused on it, you're going to be crossing your feet all the time and being off balance. And what we need to do is make a habit great until it's perfect. We've got to think about exactly what we need to fix and then do it. Think about it and do it. Think about it. do it until we get to the point of being able to do it without even having to think about it. That should make sense to you right now. Most people who are training never truly reach their potential because they're not doing the things that I'm speaking about right now. They don't go in the gym and do a whole session just focusing on footwork. But they'll waste lots of time working on punching the baga ba ba ba doing these long combinations and feeling like Roy Jones Jr. But by doing that and ignoring such a crucial part of your game is only going to hurt you in the long run if you want to obviously improve. If you don't want to improve, yeah, continue doing what you're doing, mate. But when you are totally focusing sessions or part of your sessions on the right sort of things and knowing exactly how to do them things the right way, you're only going to go up, my friend. I'm telling you, mate, you can be different. You can master most things that most people don't. Most people overlook these and you can kind of instantly set yourself apart if you're doing the things correctly. So, you should definitely be filming yourself, identifying your weakness. Drill it out with the right sort of drills. I'm telling you, mate, your boxing skills will skyrocket. So, where do you find out how to do these things? Well, what one thing you can do is watch fighters who you admire, some world champions like Milomachenko. He's a very unique case when it comes to boxing footwork. Unbelievable. Then you've got us, another one who's unbelievable. and break down their techniques and learn about how how they get so good at footwork. Another thing that you can do is watch the videos I put on YouTube. I've put lots of videos on here about things how you can improve footwork drills. And the other thing that you can do is check out the boxing footwork academy. This is an online program that I've created and I've stacked this with every footwork drill, with every agility ladder drill, with every hand eye foot coordination drill. And this has got over 50 highquality videos in that you can access anytime for the rest of your life. No matter what level you're at, this boxing footwork academy is great for you. If you get your phone and you scan here or you go to boxingfitness.com/footwork, the links are all below if you to check this out and get all of the details to really help you level up. This is going to be like having a coach, me in your pocket on your phone anytime you need us to help you with your footwork. And like I said, I guarantee if you use this program or not, if you are improving your footwork, your overall boxing game will just level up, my friend. I guarantee you that. And if you click here, it'll give you all the details about my boxing footwork academy, and you'll be able to get instant access. So click here and go and check it