Kind: captions Language: en You're going to spar for the first time. Are you crazy? Someone's going to punch you in the face. Do you know they're going to break your nose? You're going to end up with two black eyes. You're going to end up with cuts everywhere. You end up with CTE and punch drunk slurring your words. [laughter] That's not going to happen. Well, I bloody hope not. But what is going to happen is you're going to get nervous. After all, someone is going to punch you in the face. And if you didn't get nervous about that, then you would be a little bit crazy and I would be worried about you. How do I know this? Well, I had 106 fights in me career. I've sparred thousands of rounds on my way to winning my Olympic medal. So, I've got experience in this field, but coming all the way back to day one when I was 10 years old. I remember the feeling of getting in the ring. I remember the feeling of getting punched in the face. And on this video, I'm not just going to tell you what to expect when you get in there. and I'm going to give you some tips and tricks so you can perform the best you can and you don't get hurt. Now, I really recommend you watch this full video and you get a true understanding of being in the ring. Now, firstly, why are you going to sport? Do you want to fight? Do you just want to feel what it's like to get in the ring? Or maybe your coach is telling you, "Come on, you've got to spar or you're not going to be in this gym." Well, I would say if you're not planning on fighting, I probably wouldn't recommend sparring unless you've got a true desire for it. you've got a true desire to get in the ring and give it a try. You know, I've trained a lot of people boxing for fitness. And it's funny when they've been blasting the mits for a few weeks, they always feel like, you know, I'm good. I can get in the ring. I want to spot. I want to test myself. And when they say this to us, I'm like, yeah, mate, like a few more sessions. And then I think about the quote from Mike Tyson. Everyone's got a plan until they get punched in the face. Because when you get punched in the face, everything can go out the window depending on how hard the punch is. So really think, is this right for you or not? as only you can decide. Now, one thing that will definitely help you improve your all-around boxing, get a better understanding of the sport is getting in the ring and sparring with someone else. There's no other training like it. And also, at the end of the video, I'm going to give you a method of training that you'll get the same amount of benefits from sparring, but without getting punched in the face. So, hang around to the end to get that tip. So, now you've determined you're definitely going to get in there and spar. Like I mentioned, you're going to feel nervous. It's natural to feel nervous. This leads me onto my first tip, which is controlling your breathing before you get in the ring. I bet your coach doesn't teach you this. No coach has ever taught me this, even after all my experience. And what I mean by that is your heart rate is going to start getting faster because you're about to spoil. You've got nerves. Control that by taking deep breaths before you get in there. This will really help you deal with them nerves. And with you being nervous as well, it's definitely worth telling your coach that you're feeling nervous. A lot of people don't start to have this sort of communication with a coach because we try to be mature and we don't want to kind of let them down and and tell them and they feel like it's a weakness, but it's not. It's being honest. And there's nothing wrong with being nervous. I'm going to make fun of them. I bet I bet somebody gave you a wedgie on your way here. You look like all the nerds just had a convention on your body. Like all the nerds of the world and said, "You know what? I know where to go." If your coach laughs at you and and he's funny about this, then he's the wrong bloody coach. because I'm telling you mate, it's totally normal. So them deep breaths before you get in there is key to calm the heart rate down. Now once you get in there, what tends to happen is we'll get tight and you start forgetting about your breathing because after all, someone is throwing punches at you. You've got to try and punch them back. With that, you will start to hold our breath. That's why I say beginner sparers just getting so tired because they've held the breath for 50% of the round. Now, it doesn't matter how fat you are. If you're holding your breath on boxing, you're going to get tired fast. And then if you're holding your breath, your heart rate's going to speed up really fast cuz your muscles are not getting that oxygen that they need. So when you're in there, focus on breathing. And the next tip is the next thing that you should focus on, which is defense. Often when people get in there for the first time, they'll start looking for the big punches and forget about defense. I would say think about defense before you think about offense. Because if you're thinking about defense, there's less chance of you getting hit. Now, if you're breathing and thinking about defense and you're not getting hit much, you know, that's going to be great. It's going to help you calm your nerves in the ring and give you the confidence that you need to start throwing your punches. But if you get in there holding your breath and trying to punch, you're going to get tired fast. You're going to get sloppy and you're going to make mistakes, forget about your defense, and get punched in the nose and end up like what I said at the very beginning of this video. Now, the next tip that I've got is technique sparring only, especially for the first time. You don't have to have a fight every time you're in the ring. The reason why we spar is to learn. We don't spar to fight or to hurt someone or to potentially get hurt. We're in there to learn. If you've got a coach, he should know this. If your coach is putting you in the ring and just letting you go ba ba ba hell for leather. That coach is clueless and changed coach. He should be telling you to spawn for technique. Even maybe the first round just using your left hands only for your next round. Then you can just throw straight punches only. giving you something themed to work on rather than let you go out. There is some stupid coaches out there that might throw you in the ring for a test and let you get beat up. And that's how we'll know if this guy is tough because if he gets beat up and he comes back to the gym, then yeah, he's a fighter. But if he gets beat up and he doesn't come back to the gym, he's a coward. This sport's not for Shut your mouth. If you're saying that, shut your mouth. That stuff winds me up and I'm getting carried away on this video now, which I shouldn't be. If you've got a coach like that, yeah, leave that guy. Send him this video and tell him this is why you left that stupid. You stupid bloody idiot if you're watching this video right now. [snorts and sighs] Okay, I'm back. I'm back. Now I've calmed down. Time for the next tip, which is stick to the basic fundamentals. Stick to even throwing just straight punches only. In boxing, there's so much to learn with the stance, with the movement, with the straight punches, with the hooks, with the overcuts, with the defense, with the breathing, with the turning the hips, with the fully extended arms. The list goes on and on. When you're in there, if you're focusing on breathing, defense, and then only throwing straight punches only. This will really help you. You don't have to throw them longa ba ba combinations that you might have been working on. Instead, stick to the singles, stick to doubles, stick to one, twos. That is definitely enough for your first bunch of sparring sessions. Now, the next tip before I give you the great drill at the end that you can do for sparring without getting hit in the head is make sure you know what your bad habits are before you get into the ring. Example, if you're on the bag and every time you throw a jab, you're bringing it down here, right? What's going to happen? You're going to throw that jab, you bring it down here, you're wide open for a right hand. The bag doesn't hit us back, mate. Someone's in front of you, they're going to hit you back. Now, understanding what your bad habits are before you get in the ring will be an absolute gamecher for you because now you know that you're dropping this hand after you throw the jab. What you going to do, you're going to throw it and you're going to bring it back, which makes you way harder to hit when you're in the ring. But to do this, you've got to really identify your mistakes. And I've created a five-step system to be able to help you perfect your mistakes and get out of any bad habits. I call it the ideal punching method, and it's totally free. I'll send you it straight away with some workouts that you can do to perfect your punches. You can scan here or you can go to tonyjffries.com and I'll send you it straight away and this will really help you before your sparring sessions. So, what is this drill that you can be doing? Well, this is the drill that I do these days. I retired from boxing in 2012 after having 106 fights, been punched in the face thousands of times. I don't want to get punched in the face anymore, mate. I'll leave that to you in your sparring session. So, the drill I'm going to show you is all I do now, and it's really competitive. It's really fun, and I'm sure you're going to. Now, the drill that I recommend you do is shoulder and body sparring. This is exactly the same as head sparring, but now you're using the shoulders as a target. Now, you might be thinking, well, Tony, that's not very good because we're not getting punched in the face. And I guess depending on your goal, if you're going to be fighting, yeah, you need to spar. But if you're just wanting to get used to someone throwing punches at you, which will help improve your reactions, learn how to take body shots cuz you can hit each other hard to the body and as well prevent you from getting a bloody nose like me. Protecting your brain because you only get one brain and if you're not going to be fighting, this is why I recommend you don't be doing sparring. And as well give you that competitiveness that we just crave as we're training boxing and we want to get better. And if you remember, I told you about my clients that I would train boxing to, all I would do with them was shoulder and body sparring. And that right there would change their thoughts a little bit about the head sparring, too. Now, if you are shoulder and body sparring or actually proper sparring, you really need to have fast hands to be able to land these punches. And I created this video right here giving you some tips at how to punch faster. Click here and watch this video