Kind: captions Language: en Self paws are horrible, right? They can make you look silly. But once you understand the angles, the traps, the way to move when they're not expecting it, they are just another opponent or sparring partner. And on this video, I'm going to give you eight highlevel tips. So when you're in there with the southpaw, you are getting the upper hand every single time. And also at the end of this video, I'm going to give you a combination that you should be practicing on when you're shadow boxing, when you're hitting the heavy bag, if you are in sparring that southpaws cannot deal with. So make sure you hang around till the end to watch that video. And if you don't know who I am, my name is Tony Jeff. I'm an Olympic bronze medalist. I would have been a silver medalist or a gold medalist, but I got beat off a bloody southpaw. And I'm also a European gold medalist as well. And on this YouTube channel, I give you everything boxing. So, make sure you subscribe for more videos like this. And let's get into it with beating up some bloody south balls. Starting off with tip number one is when we're in our boxing stances here, I want to be moving to my left. This is doing two things. One thing it's moving away from his left hand. But another thing is it's bringing him onto my right hand. So moving to your left when you're in there with a southpaw is key. And this is what southpaw's try to do with you. They try to move to their right bringing you on to that left hand. So always be aware of this. Now moving on to tip number two which will really help you with this is your foot positioning. When you're in there with the southpaw, you always want to be trying to fight with the foot positioning. What do I mean by fight? I mean get your foot on the outside of their foot. And if you've been in there with a southpaw, you probably noticed that they are trying to get their foot on the outside. Why does southpaws do this and orthodox fighters don't do this? Well, if he's orthodox like this, we don't have to think about getting our feet on the outside. This is normal for us. But with a south ball, they get trained from an early age. Get your foot on the outside. Because now if his foot is on the outside, look, I'm on line with his left hand and I'm off line with my right hand. So I want to get my foot on the outside here. And that's why we're moving to my left, trying to get my foot on the outside, bringing him onto that big right hand right there, and avoiding his left hand. Now, moving on number three, it's kind of just adding on to number one and number two. Number one was moving to your left away from his left hand. Number two is getting your foot on the outside because when you get your foot on the outside, now you can do number three, which is use your best weapon, which is your cross. Now, if you get on your foot on the outside, he's right on line with your right hand. And the combination I give you at the end of this video, make sure that you land on that right hand every single time. So, make sure you hang around for that one. But yeah, this right hand is our weapon of choice. You should be really trying to punch through and whacking them with that right hand hard. But he's a south ball. He knows that this is your weapon of choice. He's going to be expecting that shot. So what do you do? Cuz if you throw it, he's going to be expecting it. You've got to do a few things. Number one, you've got to be able to get your feet close enough to be able to land it, but not close enough where I am coming in like this because my foot's on the inside. And if my foot's on the inside, I am on line for his boom left hand. You got to get your feet close enough to be able to one throw that punch, but getting your foot on the outside. And if you get your foot on the outside as the same time as you're throwing that punch, you're going to get extra power in that punch cuz the momentum of that step in that movement will increase your power a lot. Now, moving on to tip number four is controlling the range. But you got to do this with your lead hand. I'll see often when I'm in in the ring with the southpaw, it's kind of fighting for this lead hand position. I'm always trying to get the hand down and then I can come over the top. So, if you can use your lead hand here, you're kind of touching hands. You do it with me as well. Yeah. And you're trying to get your hand on top. If I can get my hand on top, what I can do from there, I can step in with my lead hook. If I get my hand on top, I can push his hand down and step in with my cross as well. So, using that lead hand not just for your jab, but to try and use it for like a kind of rangefinder to either land your long lead hook or your cross. Now, moving on to number five, which is something for you to really think about when you're in there with the south ball. Like I said, we are trying to move to our left all the time, getting him to move to the right. But one thing that you can do, which is another great punch, probably the second best punch for a softball, is try and land your lead hook. But if you think if I am moving to my left, he's moving away from that lead hook, right? So why should you be thinking about it? Well, if you think about it this way, where's he trying to move? He is trying to move to his right. If he's moving to his right like this, what punches he coming on to? He is coming on to my lead hook. So, we can allow him to move that way. And then we can step in with our long lead hook ourselves. And because he's moving that way and we stepping, he's going to be moving onto that punch. Or the other way you can throw that lead hook is after you've threw that right hand and he's stepping to his right right hand then a left hook. Try and bring it in after you threw that cross as well. But just know that your cross is your power weapon and your hook is your second power weapon, letting him move on to that punch. And the combination that I'm going to give you at the end contains both the cross and the hook. And it's yeah, it's great them two power weapons together. Now the next thing is to beat a southpaw to have success. And this is not just for an orthodox versus southpaw. This is orthodox versus orthodox or southpaw versus southpaw. It's for everyone. And what this is is before you lead off with your jab is doing one thing before that to be less predictable. Can you guess what it is? What can you do to be less predictable about throwing your punches? You know that is fainting. but doing it in a way where he thinks that you're going to throw the punch. I see it way too often where people will do a faint and they're like this or they're like and it's just not realistic. You've got to throw a realistic faint for them to believe it. Now, if I'm in there with the southpaw and we got our lead hands out like this, if I am just doing this and touching, touching, touching, it's not great. What I want to be doing is this where I'm touching touching. I'm coming up and down. I'm feeling I'm feeling with me hand. I'm feeling me. He doesn't know what's coming. I'm fainting and then I can faint and then I can go faint and go making him not know what you're going to do, what your next move is. And faint is the key for that. Now the next one which is a little bit violent and the guy who beat me in the Olympics, he was really good at doing this and it was really annoying for me. So if you are fighting a southpaw, you should do this to them like they do to you. And what this is is when you're inside close here, like look, you notice I've got my foot on the outside right now. I can't hit him in the head. Where can I hit him? I can hit him in the body with what punch with my right hand. But if I punch like this, look, I can't get my hand through. What Agan did in the Olympics, he would keep his hand on the side like this and he would throw the ball a shot which creeped in between there. Yeah, this is definitely the punch to throw to the body, whether it is with your knuckles horizontal or vertical. Right. One shot that's really hard to land on a southpaw, which I wouldn't waste too much energy with is your lead hook cuz where the way his arm is, it's really hard to land that. And even if I do get around that elbow there, it's not landing in the perfect position compared to if he was orthodox fighter and I was landing that hook there. Now, that is the perfect position. If you just look at the position of that to that, yeah, it's not going to do that much damage. That's why the backhand is the key for body punching when you're in there with south balls. Now, I want to show you a combination that is an absolute game changer when you're fighting a southpaw. And I'm also going to show you a clip when I fought a Welsh champion who was taller than me and I stopped this guy because I was throwing this combination. I actually landed on him twice in one fight. But before I show you that, I just want to say the key thing to all of this, what I keep talking about is feet. Not just getting your foot on the outside, but moving around correctly. Because if you're moving around and I'm not moving around correctly like this, you know, it's it's not good. If I'm not if I'm moving around and I'm not moving around smoothly, and then again, I'm going to be in serious trouble. So, when you are moving around, look look at my feet now. Look how good this footwork is. I want to be moving around correctly here. Here, I'm moving around. I'm moving around. Bringing them onto my right hand and throwing that bomb. Now, the way I've got great footwork like that is because I've been doing specific footwork training. Every time I teach someone in person, I work with them on specific things for their feet. Because if your feet get good, what else gets good? Well, your overall conditioning, your balance, your combination punches, your counter punches, your hand speed, your power. Everything in your overall boxing game will improve if you do the right sort of training to improve your footwork. Now, there's three ways that you can get great footwork. One of them is by watching fighters on TV and seeing how they do it, studying how they train and watching their drills and try and doing it that way. The other way is by checking out all of the free videos on my YouTube channel. I've got lots on there. But the third way, and the best way is by using the boxing footwork academy. This is stacked with drills, tips, skills, techniques that will help you get better footwork and improve your overall boxing game. Now, you can scan here and get all the details or go to boxingfitness.com/footwork and get all the details there. The links are below. But I'm telling you, mate, this is an absolute game changer. The boxing footwork academy. Now, what combination should you be throwing against a southpaw? Now, I'm going to show you the first clip of me fighting the Welch champion and the combination I hit him with. Here it is. here. As you can see, I'm waiting. I'm waiting. We're both waiting to counter punch. I step in with a long lead hook and boom, hit him with that right hand, knock his head back, and he gets a standing eight count. Here it is again. Later on in that fight, I do it again. This time, I actually miss the lead hook, but that's not the punch I'm looking for. I am looking for the cross, which I land cleanly and hurt him again. So, the combination is I'm stepping in with the lead hook and then throwing that cross. Now, when you step in with the lead hook and then throw the cross, the momentum of that step really gets lots of power in your cross. Now, like you see in the video, I missed that lead hook. It doesn't matter if I miss that lead hook because the punch I'm going for is that straight cross. Our best weapon against the southpaw straight down the middle, hitting them straight in the bloody face. Now, you've learned how to beat a southpaw, you need to learn how to perfect your technique. If you click here and watch this video next, it's going to give you all of the tips and tricks that you