Kind: captions Language: en I want to tell you a story. It was midnight on a Friday and I was walking through the busy Sunderland City Center with me friend. We were minding our own business, but there was lots of pubs and music and drunken people walking around and across the street from us there was three drunken guys and one of them shouted over to me friend, "What the you looking at?" Me friend was like, "What are you talking about?" Well, that was it. These guys come walking over to us like that. I said, "Whoa, he wasn't staring at you." And my hand touched the guy when I did that. Well, that was it. The big guy who was with him wrestled me to the ground and I was on the ground like this. And from here, I managed to stand up and as soon as I stood up, he stood up and I went and I hit him and this knocked him unconscious. His friends were and they were there and they were trying to wake him up. Well, me and my friend, we kind of like walked away or maybe ran away because it was a frightening what just happened. Now, there's two reasons why I am telling you this story that's going to help you. The first reason is fights can start any time. Even if you're not trying to start a fight, even you might just be in the wrong place at the wrong time and then the wrong idiot has had a bad day and he wants to come and attack you. He might be drunk. You might be having road rage, whatever. And these situations sometimes can't be avoided. Now, the second reason and the most important reason what I want you to understand and and learn from this is if I didn't know boxing, if I didn't know how to throw a punch, I don't know what would have happened there. He could have got my head, banged it off the ground, elbowed me, headbutted me, his friends could have kicked me in the face if I didn't know what I was doing. But instead, because I'm trained in boxing, I had an instinct to throw a punch as fast as I could. And the punch that I landed was a great punch because I know the mechanics behind boxing. I can do it without having to think about it. Now, you might not know how to punch. You might think, I don't have to learn this because I'll never have a fight. And I hope you never do have a fight. Fighting is absolutely stupid. But what I want to say to you, you should learn how to punch because it's better to know how to punch and never need it in your whole entire life than needing to throw a punch if you're in a situation like that and not knowing what to do and getting hurt and maybe damaged for the rest of your life because of some drunken bloody idiot. And especially the way the world is right now, I'm sure you will agree there's stupid bloody people all over the place. Now I can teach you a simplest way to throw a punch if you click here and watch this video next. Also subscribe to this channel for more boxing and fighting videos. Click here and watch this video