Kind: captions Language: en Are you in your 40s, 50s, maybe even your 60s and still training boxing? If so, let me ask you something. Are you actually training the right way to get the most out of every single session? And when I say most, I don't mean smashing that heavy bag until you're gasping for air. No, I'm talking about training the smartest way possible so you can keep getting better at boxing without wrecking your body. Because the truth is most men our age are still trying to box like they're 25 years old and that's exactly why they are not improving or even worse get them worse and end up injured and out of the game. Now in this video I'm going to give you six crucial things you should know if you are in this age bracket and training boxing. And at the end of this video I'm going to give you a sample workout that you can try to test your fitness. And if you don't know who I am, my name is Tony Jeff. I'm an Olympic medalist boxer. I won seven national titles, a European gold medal, and since I retired in 2012, I've dedicated my life into coaching people in person and online. And I'm now bloody 40 years old. So, I can help you with this video. Now, before I get into tip number one, which is an absolute game changer on its own, it's important that you understand, like I said, we're not 25 years old anymore, and we can't train like that. But what's great about being our age now, we can make some simple adjustments that I'm going to give you on this video and train even smarter. And I 100% guarantee you doing these things, you will get more out of each training session. You're not only going to become better at boxing, but it's also going to be helping your mind get sharper in everyday life. And also, it will boost your testosterone and libido. So, your misses will be thanking me later. Let's move on with tip number one. This is the way you shadow box and hit the heavy bag. When we're younger, boxing is all about how hard we can hit, how many punches we throw, and how hard we can push ourselves. Now, when you're over 40, we need to adjust that and train smart. We need to understand that every punch that we throw doesn't have to be hard. Every session, we don't have to reach our maximum heart rate when we're on the floor just exhausted. Instead, what you should be training is more steady state with your zone 2 heart rate and doing this for longer periods of time. And zone 2 heart rate is when you're kind of working out, but you can at a pace where you could speak at the same time so you're not exhausted. And when you're doing this for longer periods of time, it's going to really help build your aerobic fitness. And only sometimes we will spike our heart rate to zones four and five with some short bursts, which I'll tell you about on the workout at the end of this video. But when you're doing this in zone two, it trains your body to use oxygen and fat as fuel. And this will really help improve your cardiovascular endurance and help you recover faster in between rounds as well. And when you're doing it at this pace, there's some massive benefits. Like you can go for longer, 30 to 60 minutes. Now, just last week, I trained this lady here, Andrea, who's 72 years old, and she boxes 5 days a week. And you can see right now she's got good form and technique. Now, the reason why she can be so consistent with her training is because every session she's not training like she's about to fight Mike Bloody Tyson. She's not pushing herself to the absolute limit where she can't stand up anymore. Instead, she's working at that zone two, sometimes going into zone three, but working on her technical side as well, which you can see she's got great technique. If she or even me was working every session at my maximum heart rate, my nervous system would never get a chance to recover. And then when you are going at this steady pace as well, it's here where you can work on the most important thing in boxing, which is your technique. We're not working on blasting that back. We slowing it down and we going for longer. Working on good technique for longer. So what happens? Well, we get better and fitter and stronger. Now, before we move on to the other tips, there's one little bonus tip I want to give you on the technique that will help you get much much better. And that is get your phone and record yourself training and look for some mistakes which you're making, mate. Don't tell me you're not making mistakes because we all make mistakes apart from Andrea. She's a beast. And then next session, you know what to work on and work on them things when you're in that slow steady pace getting better. Now, let's move on to number two. And a lot of people on here will probably disagree with me and not like what I'm about to say, but I've got to speak from my experience of being in the gyms for years and years now. Now, when we're getting older, we need to keep the most important thing on our bodies, which is our brain, as sharp as possible. So, if you're not planning to fight, which if you're 40 or over, I really hope you're not, there is absolutely no reason whatsoever for you to be getting punched in the face, is there? There's not. All right. No, before you see it, &gt;&gt; Pony, you're bloody crazy. You're stupid. I'm turning this video off. This is ridiculous. You're a knobhead. I'm not listening to you anymore. I love sparring. Sparring is what I go to the gym for. I love it. It's the competitive thing to do. How can you box without sparring, mate? Relax, man. Relax. I've got a much better alternative for you than head sparring, which I'm going to talk about in a second. But you need to understand that if you're not fighting, taking head shots, even if they're not hard, especially at this age, is not worth it. And it doesn't make you tougher. Some older guys, they'll be in gyms and they want to show how tough they are and they want to spar. You might have seen this. You might be one yourself. &gt;&gt; I want to show these young kids I'm tough. No, I can take the punches. &gt;&gt; No, mate. What this actually does other than long-term damage on your brain and slow down your cognitive functioning and your and your memory and make life worse, but it also makes you worse at boxing. Think about it. It slows your brain receptors down, making you not as fast, making you not as agile, making your timing worse, making your reaction timing off. And we already getting bloody old, man, where this thing sort of thing happens anyway. So, the last thing we want to do is speed it up by acting like a big tough guy. Right now, you might be thinking, &gt;&gt; "But Tony, it's boxing. We've got a spa. You're just being soft." &gt;&gt; Right? Well, you might be thinking that. Well, let me tell you. I've trained boxing since I was 10 years old. I'm now 40, which is 30 years, and I've not head sparred for the last 10 years, but I've been doing boxing training for the last 10 years without getting hit in the bloody head. Now, if you do spar right now or you're thinking about sparring, don't do it. I've got two great alternatives for you. One of them is a little bit crazy, which you might find hard to believe, but the first one is switching from head sparring to shoulder and body sparring. And let me tell you, my friend, shoulder and body sparring is bloody great. it can be very competitive. You can still get hurt. So, you've got to always be switched on and working on your defense. Now, when you're doing this, it's also going to help you with your timing, your reaction, like I said, your defense work, and also it comes without that long-term risk of slowing your memory down. And you're doing all this while hitting someone. Doesn't that just sound perfect? It's great physical training that you can do if you've got a craving for getting in the ring with someone and punching someone. Now, number two is going to sound crazy to most people, especially if you're over 40. If you're 50, this is going to sound insane. If you're 60, you're going to think what I'm talking about is something off the Jetson's TV show. I know you can remember that. Now, what you got to do is get yourself one of these. This is a meta headset. And when you've got this, you can do virtual boxing fights using a game called Thrill of the Fight. And you can fight anyone from around the world, including me, no matter where you are. And you can hit each other in the bloody head. But because it's virtual, you're not going to get punched in the face. Now, you might think, &gt;&gt; "Oh, it's a bloody video game. I'm just going to be doing this." &gt;&gt; No, mate. You've got to have real technique, and you've got to punch hard and punch fast because someone else is punching you hard and fast, and you've got to move. You got to slip and you got to counter punch. And it's an absolutely unbelievable workout. And I actually done a video on my YouTube where I wore a hard rate monitor to measure my calories. And I did some shoulder sparring, and I did some virtual fights on Thrill of the Fight. And guess what burnt more calories? Yeah, you guessed it. The bloody virtual boxing game. And it's great cuz you can do this from home. And the headset's very affordable, too. I'll put a link below to the official website where you can learn all about it. And then you can fight me. Okay, now moving on. Number three. This is going to be a boring one, but my friend, this is so important if you want to get the most out of every session and prevent you from getting tired. And this is doing at least 10 minutes full body warm up before your boxing session. By this, I don't mean what you might already do, which loads of old school boxers do, is walk in the gym, get a jump rope while you're cold and start jumping rope for 10 minutes. That is not a warm up. That is one way of getting injured fast. You need to warm up before you get your jump rope. And when you are doing your warmup, you really need to focus on your mid and lower back, your shoulders, and your legs. Really preparing your body for the stress that we're about to put it through in our session. Play some music while you're doing this. Get into the zone, plan your workouts out, and think about the things that you were bad at in your last session, what you're going to work on in this session. Now, moving on to number four. This is a gamecher for your mind, boxing technique, and coordination. I used to do this when I was training for the Olympics. And just about every single session when I've coached someone in person, I always put them through this because of the benefits of it. This is agility ladder boxing drills. This will help your hands, your eyes, and your feet all sink and work together. This is exactly what we need for boxing to help improve, especially when we're moving and punching. And when you're doing these with other footwork drills, making sure that you're doing them correctly every single time, working on the specific things for you, it's impossible for your full boxing game not to improve. But not just your full boxing game, your memory and your mind as well. Because you're working on that full body coordination. These footwork drills are perfect for you after you've done your warm-up, really getting your brain sharp and ready for that session. And if you don't have an agility ladder, there's a ton of other footwork drills that you should be doing to help with that hand eye and foot coordination. Now, I've got lots of drills on my YouTube channel, but also what I recommend so much is you check out the boxing footwork academy. I put together this program to help people exactly like you and me to get better at boxing. This is stacked with over 50 drills, tips, and techniques to really help you reach your full potential. Now you can get your phone out and you can scan here or go to boxingfitness.com/footwork. The link is below after this video. Go and have a look at this. It's a real game changer, mate. I promise you. Now, moving on to number five. This is your petal, your gasoline, also known as your nutrition. Now, don't worry. I'm not going to sit here and bore you and tell you how to eat like Mr. Phil Heath. But, as we know, we're not getting any younger. When we were younger, you'll know this as well. We could eat loads of crap and train hard or get on with the day and not even put any weight on. But now all of our meals really count. And this is not just about training. It's about our life as well. What we eat and drink powers us through the day, especially in our training and our recovery as well. If you're having low fuel meals, this means you're going to have low energy, which means you'll have slow reactions, slow punches, and just a worse time in the gym. compared to if you have good fuel meals, you'll feel sharp, strong, and ready to go. Now, to keep this really simple, if you don't know anything about nutrition, protein helps repair your muscles. Carbs are your main fuel. Healthy fats keep your hormones balanced, like olive oil, nuts, and avocado, fish, and also water. It's key to everything cuz even small dehydration clouds your focus. And even though we're getting on now, we want to train like bloody athletes. We want to give our body the best chance to be able to perform the best we can. Now, my go-to breakfast might surprise you, and I have this just about every single day. Two slices of sourdough toast with grass-fed butter, a full avocado, and three scrambled eggs that's been cooked in olive oil. Give it a try with this next tip, and you're going to see some big improvements, my friend. Now, number six. Before I give you the workout for you to test, I need to mention a few things that I believe is a must. not just to maximize your training, but to live better as well. And I'm going to run through these fast. The first thing is supplement on creatine. Creatine is the most studied supplement in the world. It's great for your muscles, for your mind, and there's so many studies out there now talking about how good this is to help reduce cognitive decline. So, if you're a bit punchy like me, get yourself some creatine. Next thing is quality sleep is a must. If I had one regret from my boxing days, it wasn't focused on my sleep. Cuz now my wife who's a sleep expert, she's on YouTube with a ton of videos helping you sleep better. I'll put the link to her channel below this video. I just cannot believe the difference in everything in life when you sleep better. The next thing is getting some sunlight on your eyes in the morning. This really does set you up for the day. Moving on is get your blood tested and test your testosterone levels and other things in your bloods. you might be really low and you might need a little top up and that could be the thing that changes your full life. Next thing is something that I do about four or five times a week and that is sauna therapy. I quit alcohol years ago and I bought a sauna and now my life is way better. Moving on to the next and last thing is taking supplements like vitamin D, fish oil and right now I'm starting to use magnesium on a nighttime which is helping me with sleep as well. Okay. Now, before I give you this workout that you can try, I just want to say something very important. When you're making these changes, you will feel faster, stronger, sharper than you probably have in years. Boxing at this age actually boosts your brain health and coordination. It naturally raises testosterone, which means more energy, better focus, and a better sex life. Who wouldn't want any of them things? Now, for your next training session, here is what I recommend you do. And for this workout, you'll need a heavy bag and agility ladder. First, what you're going to do is obviously wrap your hands, and we're going to start off with a 10-minute full body warm-up. From there, you're going to do five minutes on the agility ladder, working on hand, eye, and foot coordination drills. And on the screen right now, there's a few of them that I've got inside of my footwork academy. The link is below for that full program. After then, we are going to go into shadow boxing. We're going to do four three minute rounds of shadow boxing with a one minute rest in between. Working on good form and technique all the time. Then from there, what we're going to do, we are going to go on to the heavy bag. And we're going to be focusing on just three things. These three things will 100% make you look and feel way better. And these three things are number one, never drop your non-punching hand. It should be by your face at all times. Number two is keeping your feet apart at all times. Footwork is the key element of boxing. If you keep your feet apart while you're moving around the bag, you'll always be in a great position to throw punches. And the third thing I want you to focus on is breathing. Every time you throw a punch, exhale. Every time you're not punching, breathing and relaxing, keeping that recovery, working in that zone two, so we're not getting exhausted. Now, after you've done them four, three minute rounds, what we're going to do is one twominut round. But this is when we're going to be popping up into that zone four and five. Like I said, just 2 minutes. We're going to do the first 30 seconds is going to be non-stop punching as hard and as fast as you can do. Then after that, we're going to slow it down 30 seconds like really like just touching and moving cuz we're recovering. After that, you'll do it again. 30 seconds non-stop. After that, it's going to be 30 seconds light. And that's your last round. It's 2 minutes. After that 2-minute round, you are going to do a 3minut round of abs and core followed by a stretch. Now, the full workout is on the screen right now. I want you to take a screenshot of this. keep it in your phone and follow along with this workout and give it a try and let me know how you get on. And now what you can do, you can click here. It'll take you through to the footwork academy and show you everything you need to know about my great program that'll help you. And also I've created this video here comparing me boxing training at 23 versus me now at 40. So get your footwork academy and then watch this video