Kind: captions Language: en I work with some of the best fighters in the world. And let me tell you, getting better does not happen by accident. In this video, I'm going to break down exactly what I'm doing right now with boxers that I teach so you can apply it in your training. Whether you're boxing for fitness or self-defense, or you're actually a fighter that wants to go all the way. I'm going to be covering three things in this video. what people get wrong about training for boxing, what I'm currently doing with my students now, and how you can implement these things simply into your training or with the people that you train. Let's get into it. What people get wrong about training for boxing. Well, there's a few things, but number one, and this is the the biggest mistake, trying to improve on everything at once. People will walk into the gym and they want to work on their head movement, their footwork, their defense, the power shots, the speed punches, their cardio, they want to spar, they want to hit the speed ball, and they're trying to do all of them things at the same time. And listen, I get it. You want to get better, but if you're trying to improve on everything, you're not deeply improving at one thing at a time. That's where most people are getting stuck in their boxing training. They're training often. They're sweating a lot. They're getting a great workout, but might feel like they're getting fitter, but you might feel like you're just not improving. Why? Well, a big thing could be because your training is scattered, doing too many random things. And as this video goes on, you're going to get a great idea of exactly what you should be working on the very next time you're in the gym. But now, I just want to give you a little example of what I'm talking about. Let's say you go to the gym and you want to work on your defense. You might do it for a few rounds where you're slipping, you're rolling, you're parrying, and this round you're going to step back, you're blocking, you're ducking. Yeah, that's great. You've done this for a 3minute round. You can work on all of them five different defenses, but you're still no better at doing one of them things because there's no structure to this. And without that structure, the progression lacks. And then you've done that for your round. Yeah. So that round I worked on defense. Now the next round, h I want to get better at inside fighting. So you're there, you're wiggling them body shots, you're pivoting, you're doing some slips, you're throwing that right hand to the body, the double left up to the body, you're throwing the four punch combo at the body, then you're coming up to the head. But again, you're bouncing all over the place. Nothing is getting layered properly. And I will tell you what you should be doing in a little bit. But first, let's talk about the second big mistake that I see when people are training. And this is training without intention. Now bear with us with this. just doing drills for the sake of doing drills. For example, you're slipping on punches. People will go through the motions without actually using a very powerful tool that is free, which is called visualization. You might be shadow boxing without an opponent in mind. Again, you're wasting your shadow boxing rounds by not having that intention behind your boxing. And as you know, boxing is about reactions and quick decisions. If you're just slipping just to kind of tick a box to be, oh, I've worked on me slips today. You're not training your brain to react under pressure. Now, you might think, well, what are you talking about, Tony? I'm shadow boxing. Listen, you don't need someone in front of you to train your brain to get into these habits of being able to slip and counter to be able to get fast reactions. When we're doing visualization, this is what takes you from here to right up here in me. When I was training for the Olympics, we always had an opponent in front of us mentally, whether it was shadow boxing or hitting the bags. And the guy who I had in front of me most of the time was a current world champion, better beav, as he was in the same Olympic games as me and in my weight category in the Olympics. So I fought him 100 times in me head before I got to the Olympics and I didn't end up fighting him in the Olympics. But anyway, that is shadow boxing for you. And you can do the same thing on the heavy bag. How much thought do you put into the combinations? rather than just like aa ba. Wow, feel good. Do you ever think when you're in the bag if you throw a right hand left hook and then you come down to the body with a left hook? Why you actually thought about that? This is called layering. And this is the third big mistake that I see when people are training boxing. They're not thinking in this way of layering and thinking of the reasons behind what we do like slowing it right down. And you if you think, well, if I throw that right hand left hook, then my opponent's hands is going to come up. That's when I can slip inside and throw that hook to the body. Or if you throw that jab to the body, it's then when these hands are going to come down, then you come up with the hook to the head. Thinking about this stuff and really breaking it down and peeling back the layers and understanding the why behind everything that you do. Now, let's talk about a training session. If I'm cleaning a person or maybe it's a group of people, I will generally do a similar sort of structure in that session, but with inside of the things that I do in the section will be unique to them. But here's the structure of that session. After I've done a full body warm up and start doing agility ladder warmups, it's getting your brain ready for the session. It's getting your hands and feet working at the same time. So, when it comes to punching, you've already woke that side of your brain up. From there, it's shadow boxing with intent. Yes, shadow boxing with intent. Now, with this, they're always themed rounds. Like I said earlier on, whether you're going to be fighting better be BV or you'll be fighting me or you're going to be working on one bad habit for that full round. That's what we're going to do. And when you're shadow boxing, you always want to be switched on. Way too many people switch off when they're shadow boxing. But this is a very important part of your training if you want to get better at boxing. That is if not, yeah, go through the motions. check out the birds walking past in the gym and all that. But if you if you want to get better, mate, yeah, you've got to be switched on for this full time that you're shadow boxing and working on repetition because it's that repetition of doing the same thing over and over again. That's what will help you get better at it. That's what will help you be able to do that thing without having to think about it. And this is something I always tell my students. To get out of a bad habit, you've got to think about the thing that you need to improve on. And then you've got to do it. You've got to think about it. Do it. Think about it. Do it until you can get to the point of being able to do it without having to think about it. After that, we're going to go on to the myths or the heavy bag. Again, working on the specific things that the person who I'm teaching needs to work on. Now, if I am working with a group of people and I can't give them the specific things that they need to work on for them, what I would do in this situation is give them three common things that I want them all to work on, which is three things that you should be working on every single time you're training. The first one is thinking about your non-punching hand. The non-punching hand needs to be by your face at all times, right? The last thing you want to do is drop this hand when you're throwing that or throwing that, which is very common. So, I'm telling everyone, make sure your non-punching hand is by your face at all times. The second thing I want to tell them is keep your feet apart while you're moving. When people are on the back, it's here when we get a bit lazy. We get a bit laxy and we think, "Oh, there's no one in front of us. What I'm going to do, I'm going to bring me feet together, have a little rest." No, mate. You need to get in good habits. So, what I do is tell everyone to keep your feet apart. If you're keeping your feet apart, that always keeps you in a position to throw punches at any time you want. And the third thing that I tell everyone to do is something again that a lot of people struggle with and it's sounds simple but it's not and that is breathing, staying relaxed and exhaling with every punch. And them three are the main fundamentals in boxing everyone should be working on. After the session then we would do abs always finishing with core work and a stretch. And then finally, here's the mindset that I teach every boxer I work with, and this is treat every session like it's your chance to get 1% better at one thing. Have one focus for that one session, and what will happen is that one thing will get better. Don't be working on everything, even though there might be a lot of things wrong with you, but it's just that one main focus that you should be focusing on. Now, I don't 100% guarantee anything in life, but what I do 100% guarantee is if you do this training, what I'm about to tell you right now, you will improve, my friend. You definitely will. And to do this, I'm going to bring out my whiteboard. See this here? I need to rub it off. [Applause] Now, if you do what I'm about to tell you, mate, you're going to thank me later. Now, this is a system that I spent some time creating and it's helped thousands of people and you can be one of them people. I call this the ideal method. I'm very proud of this because again, it's helped so many people. Now, now what this stands for is what's going to help you. So, now let's talk about the I. What this stands for is identify, which means identify your mistakes. If you don't know what you're doing wrong, how can you get better at it? You can't. It's impossible, right? So, you need to identify your mistakes. How do you do that? Well, you get a phone, record yourself shadow boxing, record yourself hitting the heavy bag. When you're watching it back, you then find out what you need to work on. Now, the best way to do this was when you are watching it is to use the ideal method cheat sheet that I'll give you totally for free and give you this full program totally for free as well. Now, when you're identifying your mistakes, it's best to write down all of the things that you need to work on. Now, when you've wrote them down, it's then time to go to work, my friend, cuz the D stands for drill. Drill out any bad habits that you've got. But like I've said in this video, you can't drill them all out at once. What you need to do is pick your top three worst habits. One, two, three. and then how you drill these out. Then when you're in the gym, however many rounds you're training, let's just say you're training eight rounds. Round number one, what you want to do is work on your number one worst habit. That's all you're going to focus on. Round number two, what you're going to do is work on your second worst habit. Round number three, right now, is work on your third worst habit. Round number four, what you're going to work on now is some freestyle stuff from putting all of the worst habits that you've done into one round where you're working on everything at once. So this is all let's say again. Let's say you're doing eight rounds. So then you've got round five, six, seven, eight. What you will do then is repeat what you've just done again. So that will be your training session. Now this can be shadow boxing or on the bags. You've just spent two full rounds working on your worst habit. Two full rounds work on your second. Two full rounds on your third. Now that's done enough. What I want you to do is repeat this 10 times. Now you might be thinking, Tori, I'm not watching this. This is too much work for me to do. Well, my friend, let me tell you, if you want to improve, this will improve you. When I was on the Great Great Great Britain boxing program, they had a system. It looks similar to this. not like this really, but what we had was a a sheet right with our picture on our name on then we had our was like I think it was like four bad habits that we had there and we would look at this every time went into a gym. Now, if you're going into the gym and you're like thinking, "Oh, my worst habit's this." Mine was when I come out of a clinch, I drop me hands. So, it was up there. When you come over clinch, keep your hands up. I was thinking about that all the time cuz this had been identified, but now by my trainer. So, then I would drill it out and we would, this would be every session, right? So, doing this for 10 sessions, that's going to be a game changer for you. Then what you're going to do while you are drilling out these is evaluating yourself while you're going through them 10 sessions. Now when I say evaluate, I don't mean you're going through the process again when you're going to watch your videos back. No, I'm talking about just making sure in the back of your mind you're constantly thinking about these. Then after the 10 sessions, what you're going to do, you're going to move on the next step. Analyze. You're going to reanalyze yourself. You're going to do all of this again where you record yourself, you watch the videos back, analyze yourself again. That's when you're going to see big progress. Then what you're going to do, my friend, is level up. And I've got free videos breaking all of this down. I've got downloadable sheets where you can write down your scores. I'll give you tips as well about drilling out your bad habits. If you scan there or click the link below, I'll send you this for totally free. No strings. I just want to help you get better at boxing. And that's why I created this video right here where I show you how to punch faster in less than 3 minutes. Click here and watch this video