Kind: captions Language: en Just watch what Floyd Mayweather does right now when he comes out against Manny Pacquiao. Are you seeing it? Can you see what he's doing? That is very, very high level. If you don't know what you're looking for, you can't see why this is such a high boxing IQ right now. And my promise to you is after watching this 10-minute video, your boxing IQ will improve by the step-by-step system that I'm going to give you. You will never waste a training session ever again because I'm going to show you how you can literally steal other people's boxing IQ. And you'll understand why the likes of Terence Crawford, Floyd Mayweather do what they do. And like I said, unless you're looking for it, you will never be able to see it. Like watch this again right now. He comes out. Straight away, watch Floyd's front foot and his front hand. See, he's stepping forward, hands out, keeping Pacquiao thinking. If you see what he the position he's in right now, he's got his weight on his front foot with his lead hand out. Now, the reason why he's doing that is because money could throw punches back. And because he's got his weight on his front foot, he can push off that front foot and move backwards. And it's that front foot pressure that helps him take control of the ring and the fight. Now, let's watch Terence Crawford who's the pound-for-pound king right now. He's coming out here against Canelo and look what he's doing. Same thing. Putting that front foot pressure on with the weight over the front foot. Now, he's doing this so Canelo thinks he can hit him. And then when he Canelo goes forward, he moves his feet back. Both Terence and Floyd are consistently in the perfect range for their opponent. So, when their opponent does throw something, they can either step back and throw the punch or lean back and throw that counter punch as well. Another thing Floyd does different than most people, what you can see right now, he's got that wide stance. And the reason he does this is so he can do the lean back and move faster. And this is something I was focusing on before I competed in the Olympics, which helped me have success there. And there's three things that you can do in your training to help you specifically improve your all-around boxing game. But before I tell you what them training methods, you need to understand the steps to improve your boxing IQ. Like I already spoke about, having that front foot positioning is key. And when I talk about your gym session later on, I'll tell you how to do that. And the other thing that high-level fighters do, what most people don't, is they know how to read punches, but they do this differently to most people because they're not only thinking about the punch that you're going to throw at them, they actually are two or three or four steps ahead known exactly what they're going to do to get you to react to do something else so they can do the next thing. And then when you do the next thing, they'll do this thing. Very complicated, but these guys are doing this without even having to think about it cuz it's drilled into their brain. And that is the goal. You want to get your opponent to do what you want them to do without them knowing that you're trying to get them to do this thing. And this is called setting up traps. Now, there's a few ways to set traps. And my favorite way is something that Floyd did all the time. And you can do this easily, especially to low to mid-level boxers. It works all of the time. And that is jabbing to the body. And I'll tell you why this is setting up traps right now. But first, I want to show you Floyd. Here he is here with my daughter. Watch what he does next. That jab to the body. That jab to the body again. Now, the reason why he's doing this, and the reason why I used to do it all the time, why I had success in the Olympics, was because this is keeping me one step ahead of my opponent. Now, if you spar, try this on the bag, then do it in sparring. Where on the bag, you're going to work on just jabbing to the body. Fast, sharp, and then again, boom, jab to the body. Then again, boom, jab to the body. And what your opponent is now expecting, you know what punch you're expecting? Well, that jab to the body. And when someone's expecting that jab to the body, what do they do? What we see right here, this is world-level fight, he throws the jab to the body. Look what happens. You see my daughter's right hands come down. He's blocking it with his elbow, right? So, we can see what our opponent is doing by hitting them with that jab to the body. Then we do it again, then we do it again, then we do it again. And we keep doing this until we decide, "Okay, now is the time." Then you'll throw a realistic faint. And then when you do that, your opponent obviously is thinking you're going to throw that jab to the body cuz you've been doing it so often, that hand comes down and boom, wide open for the left hook. And this is just one example of how you are setting up traps and being one step with your opponent. There is multiple different examples that you can do in shadow boxing, on the bags, in drills that you can transfer that into the ring that's really going to help improve your boxing IQ. And I added so many of these drills on my boxing footwork academy. And Kevin who did the academy, he sent me this message saying the biggest thing he learned from the footwork program was how to stay one step ahead of his opponent. Now, for more details on that, you can scan here or the link is below. Go to boxingfitness.com/footwork. And that sort of training will definitely improve your boxing IQ. Next, I want to tell you how to literally steal another fighter's boxing IQ. People have been doing this forever, stealing boxing IQs off other people. Now, this may seem crazy because most people think you're born with it. You're born with that talent and that's it. This person's got it. Terence Crawford was born Terence Crawford. But no, mate. He's stolen that IQ. Yes, he's got more talent than most people, but still he's worked hard to improve the boxing IQ. And I'll tell you exactly how to do that. But first, I just want to quickly tell you about something else that I'm personally taking that's helping my IQ because after all the punches that I've took in my life and all of the effects that being hit in the head has done for me, I am now doing everything in my power to keep my brain as sharp as possible so I can do these great videos for you. And the first thing I do is take creatine every single day because creatine is the most studied supplement in the world. And what this actually does for your brain is remarkable. It's proven to enhance your cognitive functioning, which basically means it's going to keep your brain smarter for longer. And I have some of this every single day. Now, the other thing that I'm using, which there's more and more studies coming out about, which is amazing, is NMN. What this does, it improves my NAD levels, which we've all got this in our bodies. And as we age, our levels drop. What this NMN does, it keeps our NAD levels in our body higher so we have got more energy, we can sleep better, we can recover better, and so many more things. And I get mine from an unbelievable research company called do not age.org. These are obsessed with helping people with longevity. Now, you do boxing, you will know that it's tough on your body. And if you're sparring, it's bloody tough on your brain. So, if you put anything in your body to help recover, to help be better and perform sharper, you want to be using the best products on the market. And that's why I chose this company to work with. And I'm so happy that they're sponsoring this video. And if you want to get yourself some, you can scan here or go to do not age.org. Link is below and use code boxing and you'll save an extra 10% off. Now, how can you steal another fighter's boxing IQ? This is something I did training for the Olympics. I stole so many fighters' different boxing IQs, all different parts of their IQs. And it's something that top athletes in every single sport do this as well. Now, how I do this is by watching the very best fighters in the world in a certain way. And I'm going to show you how to do that. So, when I watch fights to steal someone's IQ, like for example right now, I'm watching Canelo Alvarez, but I'm watching it at half the speed. Most people who watch fights just watch fights and they're like, "Oh yeah, that was really good. I liked how he did that." But they don't understand how they did that. So, what I'm doing right now watching this is I'm looking at exactly what Canelo's doing right now. Now, I can see he's got his hands high while he's putting that front foot pressure on his opponent right now, Daniel Jacobs. See, he's stepping forward with his hands high. Now, why is he doing this? Well, he's getting his foot in range, he's threatening his opponent, but he's got his hands really high so he can do obviously defend punches. And he's keep going forward, he's getting his foot in range, moving his hands, keep watching his opponent's the chest. And what he does here, boom. See what he did? He fainted. Now, this is him being one step ahead. He's fainted and he's seeing what Daniel Jacobs' reaction was. We watch that again. He faints the jab, the step, and then watch what this guy does in front. His hand comes out in front. Now, Canelo's known if he throws this jab, or the jab to the body, whatever it was he was fainting there, or if he throws that jab, what he was fainting there, he now knows that his hand's going to come out. So, straight away, within the first 15 seconds of the first round, Canelo's putting the pressure on. He's got his opponent to do what he wants him to do. He's put him in a different part of the ring where he wants to have him. And now he knows he's believing my my faints and he's leaving himself open when he does that. So, when I'm watching this, I can now think about that tactic and I can go in my sparring session and I can try exactly that there. I will go forward with the front foot pressure, keeping the weight on my front foot. So, if my opponent does attack, I can push off and push backwards and then throw the faint to see what his reaction is. Now, I just want to say if you were taller than your opponent, you wouldn't have to have your hands really high like this. You'd more rely on pushing back with your front foot. But because Canelo's the smaller guy and he's got to get his feet inside, that's why he's doing this right now. So, by watching fights like this and breaking them down and then getting that information, trying it yourself. But the best thing to do is watch a fighter who is got your similar style. Like for me, I wouldn't really watch Canelo Alvarez as much because he's a shorter guy. I'm a taller guy. I would rather watch someone like Callum Smith or another top guy who's my style of fighting. Now, here's the thing to do in your training to improve your boxing IQ. You should use the ideal method. Now, real quick, what ideal stands for. The I is for identify. First thing you need to do is identify the mistakes that you're making so you can improve on them. After all, if you don't know what you need to be doing to improve, you'll never improve. And then once you've figured them out, the D in ideal stands for drill. You've got to be drilling out the bad habits in your boxing game, which we've all got bad habits. And when you've done this over what I recommend is 10 training sessions working on the specific things you need to work on, and then it's time to evaluate and analyze, which is evaluate for the E, analyze for the A, yourself again. So, making sure when you're identifying your mistakes, you're going through everything in your boxing game and rating it out of 10. That's the best way of being able to do this. And I've got a sheet that you can download for free with videos explaining all of this, totally free. The link is below. Now, when you're re-analyzing yourself, you want to do the same again after you've done all the drilling out. And you'll be able to see the improvements that you've made in your boxing game. And it's then when we get to the end of this and level up. Now, I've got a totally free, 100% free video program where I can give you this ideal method and the downloadable sheets that you can print out or use on your phone to be able to grade yourself. And I also tell you the things that need to be drilling out as well. So, if you scan here or click the link below and get the ideal punch method guaranteed to help you. Now, the last thing I want to talk about when it comes to your boxing IQ and how you can improve it is by improving three things in your life. Number one is you've got to be dedicated, mate. You've got to be dedicated. If you're not dedicated and investing your time and energy into the sport of boxing, impossible to get better. The second thing is your lifestyle. And I'm not just talking about drinking alcohol or whatever you may be doing. You need to get your brain as sharp as possible and do things to keep your brain sharp as possible. Eating the right foods before training, showing up on time, doing the small things to make the big things even better. Now, the third thing what you can do, really important that you do this to improve your boxing IQ, but also everything in your boxing, is improve your stamina. Because if you improve your stamina, you will be able to train for longer, train better with good form and techniques. Now, I've created a video right here that you can click that'll tell you exactly how to improve your stamina in boxing. So, click here and watch this video next.