Kind: captions Language: en trying his best. Look at [Applause] Fury. Mate, the lean back. What a bloody defense in boxing if you're doing it correct. But most people are doing it incorrectly. And on this video, I'm going to show you how to lean back the right way to put you in a position to be able to throw a hard counter punch moving side to side. right up. And also at the end of this video, I'm going to show you the best thing to do if you're in there with someone who was keep leaning back and counter punching you. Let's do it. So, when I'm throwing the lean back, what I'm generally leaning back out the way of is my opponent's lead hand. It doesn't have to be, but let's just say if I throw a one, two, and he counters with his jab, I'm then going to do my lean back. Now, let's talk about how not to lean back. And this is how Muhammad Ali does it. You see this picture here? Muhammad Ali leaning back. I would never teach a lean back like that because what if your opponent is throwing multiple punches and getting their feet in close and I've done that one, two, I've leaned back like Muhammad Ali and he's coming forward. I'm getting knocked out. Now you might be thinking, "Well, Tony, Muhammad Ali done it, so why are you telling me not to do it?" Well, my friend, he's one for you. You're not Muhammad or Bloody Lee, are you? Oh, bloody Lee. That's wrong. But you know what I'm saying? We're not Muhammad Ali. So if you are Muhammad Ali, then yes, you can do that. But you're not Muhammad Ali. I'm not Muhammad Ali, so I wouldn't recommend it. But the problem with that is anyway, if I throw that one, two, and then I lean back this way square on with my hips, I'm not in a position to throw any counter punches. From here, I'm in a really awkward position compared to if I do it the correct way where what I'm doing, I throw that one, two, then from there, I'm leaning back out the way of this that's coming towards my head and I'm putting the weight on my back foot. I'm keeping my lead hand up, right? And then from there, boom, I can come over with my counter punch. Now, why do I want to keep the lead hand up? Well, let's just say if I do my one, two, lean back. Boom. Boom. But this time, he's throwing a one two and he's really coming in with that right hand. And that one's down there. Boom. And then I'm asleep, mate. And I don't want to be asleep cuz it's daytime, right? Keep that for the night time. So again, when you're leaning back, putting that weight to the back foot and really recalling off that back leg with the lead hand up. And that right there is how you throw that fast counter punch. But again, the reason why I'm getting power in that punch is because yes, I've I've put the weight on the back foot there, but when I'm punching with my right hand, I'm coming through and really turning into that punch. So again, I'll do that one, two, lean back and I'm whipping in that right hand. Now, let's just say if my opponent has got a lazy jab. You've seen the type of lazy jabs, right? Where people will be jabbing, they'll be on the bag and like this. You know, it's funny cuz I see people on the back about that. I'm sure you've seen people in the back of that when they're in the gym and no one's hitting them back. All of a sudden, they turn into like Roy Jones Junior or Floyd Mer like But what's happening is they're developing bad habits. I used to love it if I've seen someone with that bad habit. So, let's just say if I throw my one two and I lean back out the way of his lazy jab and it's a lazy and it's going back down. Whoosh. I can counter over the top with that big massive right hand. Now, while I don't always have to counter with the overhand, right? In fact, I used to love leaning back out the way of the jab and then throwing a jab of my own. So, it will look like this. Again, I'll lean back and firing back with that jab. Then, I could do the jab, lean back, then fire back with the one, two. So, it will look like this. Countering that lazy jab with a nice fast one, two. So now, like I said, it's important to have your hands up when you're leaning back because let's just say if I throw uh one, two, and then I lean back with my hands down, but I think that he's just going to throw that jab, but instead he's coming back with a one, two, one. Boom, boom, boom, and he's stepping in with it. And then I'm going to get hit and I don't want to get hit. So that's why you need to have your hands up. So now, if I throw a one, two, and he comes back with a one, two, one, now I can block them punches because I've got me hands up after that lean back. Now, you might think, well, if I am leaning back and he's coming in really close with that one, two, one. Now, now what can I do from here? Well, what I would probably do cuz I'm in a bad position and he's right there is I would probably try and hold on to be honest and then turn him, get around, and switch my angle right there. Let's do that again. So, I'm here. He's done a I've leaned back and he's come close. I'm getting hold. I'm getting around and then changing angle and going from the different side. So, that's some tips on how to lean back. Now, when you're doing this, I highly recommend you practice on the bag. Whether you're doing the jab, lean back, one, two. You're doing a one, two, lean back, two, jab, jab, two, lean back, two, one, two, one, lean back. You can do it after every combination that you throw. Just keep practicing it. Repetition, repetition, repetition. You want to be able to get to the point of being able to do this without thinking about it. So, if you are sparring or fighting, you just want to be able to lean back as soon as you see that punch come at you to get out the way of it. Now, what do you do if someone who you're in there with is continuously leaning back? You might have been there with someone before and every time you throw a jab, they're just gone. They're out of the way. You cannot seem to land a punch on them because they're leaning back or even if they're stepping back. Well, this tip will definitely help you be able to deal with that person. No problem at all. But before I tell you about that, I just need to tell you about something else that will help you beat that person. this person, this person, any person, if you get it right, and that is your footwork. If you can improve your footwork, everything else in your whole boxing game will improve. If you improve your footwork, your counter punching will get better, the speed of your punches, the power of your punches, your defense, your offense. I'm talking about absolutely everything in your game will get better if you know how to move your feet correctly. If you know exactly how to stand, how to have that strong base. And if you are drilling the specific drills that you need to drill to be able to get better at the specific things in your footwork, everything else will improve. And you can do that with the boxing footwork academy. This is stacked with over 50 videos giving you all of the best skills and drills that I've used to have all of the success that I've had in boxing, including winning an Olympic medal, being a European champion, and everything else. You can either scan here or go to boxingfitness.com/footwork. All the links are below. Check it out. And I'm telling you, mate, this is an absolute gamecher for you in your boxing game. So, if you're in there with someone who is leaning back all of the time, what do you do? Well, there's a few things. The first thing that you've got to think, if I throw a one, two, and my opponent leans back, right? I can't hit him. Why can I not hit him? Well, I'm not in range. What do I need to do to get in range? Get the feet forward. So, I told you about the footwork academy. Perfect for something like this. That teaches you exactly what to do in this situation. But I'm going to tell you now anyway. So, you need to get your feet forward. But what happens if he is doing the lean back to just what I showed you there. So, let's just say if I'm stepping forward and he's leaning back and then he comes out with a two, boom, you know, it doesn't really matter about me moving my feet in. If he's going to counter with that two, I will get hit and hurt cuz if I'm especially if I'm on the way in and I'm getting hit with that as well. So, what the best thing to do is is to trick your opponent. If he's keep leaning back or if he's keep stepping back, he's doing that because he knows what you're going to do. He knows that you're going to either throw that punch or attack or move forward. So, he's going to get out the way. What can you do to prevent him from knowing what you're about to do? You want to be one step ahead of him, right? You want him to not know what you're going to do. So, what have you got to do? Well, you've got to be unpredictable right now. The reason why he's leaning out the way of your punches or moving out the way of your punches is because you're predictable. You're either in the same rhythm where it's like here B. So you need to break that rhythm up. And the way you break that rhythm up is by learning how to faint correctly, not just with your hands, but your whole body as well. So now what I'm doing, I'm going to break my rhythm up. Now I'm here keeping him thinking. I'm moving my hands. I'm moving my feet. I'm moving my head. I'm changing me levels. Now he doesn't know when I'm going to throw them punches, which makes it way less predictable. and then I will throw the punches. Make sense? But again, if you fix your feet, everything else will improve. If you watch this video next, I'll tell you exactly how I had success in boxing with my feet. Click here and watch this video next. You're going to absolutely love it. Click here.