Kind: captions Language: en One, two, hook. Two hook. This is Broadick. He was once a beginner who couldn't even throw a jab. But using my 11step system, he can now throw perfect punches that he learned in record time. And the beautiful thing is once you learn this system, you can teach anyone how to box and even become a certified coach. And what might sound crazy is you don't have to have been a boxer to do this. You need to understand it. And I'm going to show you right now. And I even taught Sugary Realy Leonard in person how to box using this exact same method. Yeah, I'm not crazy showing Sugary Leonard how to box, but I did. So, this is how we do it. You get anyone and teach it in this system this way and it's going to be great. First thing we need to ask anyone when we teach them boxing is are you left or right-handed? Right-handed. So, I want you to take a step forward with your left foot. Now I want you to visualize you got a line on the ground. You got one foot on one side, one foot on the other side. That's it there. Now I want you to have loose knees as if you're in a surfboard or a skateboard. Good. Hands are by the face, elbows in. Now this is your boxing stance, which is the first thing we need to teach anyone before we teach them movement throwing punches. They need to understand their boxing stance. Then we move on to the next thing. What's important before punches is movement. So, when we move forward, we step with our front foot first, like this. When you move back, you step with your back foot first, like this. Let's try it. Step forward. Good. Step back. This time, when you step forward, I want you to land on the ball of your foot. Step forward. Yes. Step back. When you step left, left foot first. When you step right, right foot first. Step left. Step right. Boom. Perfect. He's done this before, if you can tell, but just pretend he hasn't. Right now, he's determined what stance he is. He's right-handed, so he stands with his left foot forward. If he was left-handed, he would stand with his right foot forward. Then we work on the movement, moving forwards, backwards, side to side. Next, we're going to start working on the punches. The first punch we're going to work on is your straight left hand. We call that the jab or the number one. The way you throw the jab, it comes from your face, comes all the way out, all the way back, slight turn of your hip like this. Let's try it. Jab. Jab. Jab. Good. Now, you might be thinking, well, why is he not stepping with the jab? because that's what you do when you throw the jab. Yes, you can throw a step jab, but right now if it's his first time in boxing, there's so much to go over. The last thing I want to do is confuse him by giving him too many things to work on. Because if you step with a jab, that means you got to bring it back. If you throw a one, two, that means you have to step step. It's too confusing. So again, when you're teaching the jab for someone's first time, just there. Next, we're going to work on the number two, which is the backhand. The way you're going to throw that is coming from your face. comes all the way out and all the way back turning your hip. Let's try it. Two. Yes. Two. Two. Good. Now, we're going to put them together. It's going to be a one, two. So, it's going to be a one. As the ones come back to the face, the two comes out to a one, two. One, two. Let's try it. One, two. One, two. One, two. Good. Now, you can see the progression, right? We're working on the basic punches first before we go on to anything more advanced. So now we've done the one, two, the basic combination. Now what we're going to do, we're going to work on the next punch, which is the hook. This is the most awkward punch that we throw in boxing. So if I'm teaching someone boxing for fitness, I will always tell them, now we're going to work on the most awkward punch in boxing. Because what this does, this tells them like, "Oh, really? It's awkward." And they're about to feel awkward. Now, if I'm charging for this session, the last thing that I want him to feel is awkward. He's about to feel awkward. So, I'm going to tell him this is the most awkward punch of them all. Now, the way we throw the hook, we're going to throw that one, two, and as the two comes back to face, your left hand's going to come out round on a 90° angle with your thumb up top. So, it's going to be a one, two, hook back to your stance. Let's try it. One, two, hook. One, two, hook. Good. Again. One, two, hook. Now, when I'm teaching this, if you noticed, I put the one, two in front of it. The reason I put the one two in front of it because if it's their first time and they throw the one two, they're in the perfect position here to throw that lead hook. Again, it's awkward punch. I'm making them feel less awkward by putting them in the position already to be able to throw this punch. Next, moving on, we're going to add on to that. We're going to do that one, two hook. From there, the hook's going to come back to face and you're going to throw that two. So, it's going to be a one, two, hook, two. Let's try it. One, two, hook, two. &gt;&gt; Good. One, two, hook, two. One, two, hook two. One, two. Step forward. One, two, hook two. Good. Step back. Jab. Step left. Step right. So, right there, we've just taught him the stance, the movement, the jab, the cross, the one, two, the one, two hook, and the one two hook two. And we did that as simple as possible. Now, I'm going to show you a amazing defensive move that I love to teach anyone. Then, he's going to put the gloves on. I'm going to put the mits on. I'm going to make them look and feel really good when we're hitting these mits. I'll show you exactly how to do that. But first, I want to tell you about how you can make money from teaching this to other people. Well, if you get the boxing fitness qualification, this won't only give you the skills and the tools and the certification to be able to get a job in any gym out there that wants to get a boxing fitness trainer, but this can also help you create your own business or even side hustle of teaching boxing for fitness. And I've helped thousands of people with the boxing fitness academy. This is the world's most accredited boxing fitness certification course. If you notice, I'm saying boxing fitness because this is different to teaching someone boxing for fighting. Boxing for fighting is a whole different skill set that you would need. But boxing for fitness is where you can actually charge middle-aged ladies, men, children, or do group classes and make a living from it. Again, I've helped thousands of people do this. And this is why I'm saying fitness. And be honest, if you want to earn money boxing for fighting, if you're teaching that, there's no money in that unless you're training someone like bloody Manny Pacquiao or whatever. But this is perfect for anyone who wants to learn how to teach boxing and get a qualification where we teach you this stuff, but as well how to hold the mits and give someone a great boxing fitness session. Now, if you're interested, there's two ways of doing this. One online certification course. This is the world's most accredited boxing fitness certification course. And you can do it from the comfort of your own home where we work with you every step of the way giving you the tools, the systems, all of the knowledge that you need to be able to successfully teach boxing for fitness and charge for them sessions as well. We've helped change so many people's lives and we can help change yours. Just go to boxingfitness.com/academy for all the details. And if you want to learn how to hold the mits and teach people boxing for fitness, this summer I will be in Las Vegas and Austin, Texas teaching this course in person. Go to boxingfitness.com now. All the links are below and I'm telling you m this is an absolute game changer. Now moving on to the next thing that I love to teach people always puts a smile on their face and that is the defensive move the roll. But the way you teach this it just makes the person in front feel really good. So what you're going to do you're going to do a one two roll. You're going to go down round and up like the letter U rolling to your right. But what you want I want you to do is throw a soft one two on my hands and then you're going to roll and I'm going to throw a punch at you. All right. Ready? Slowly. One, two, roll. Yes. Now, if he's never boxed before and I have just done that over his head, he feels like Floyd Muer. He's just rolled out the way of a punch. It just feels good. Now, what you're going to do, you're going to add on three counter punches. We're going to do a one, two, roll. Come back with a two hook two. Here we go. One, two, roll. Ba ba ba. Boom. Move forward. Move back. One, two. One, two, hook, two. So, now we're going to hold the mits. Holding the mits, there's a few key principles that you need to understand. One is the positioning of the mits. You don't want them to be out here. You want them to be closer in with your elbows in. Also, with the position of the mits, I want to be around my boxers's shoulder height. I don't want to be going up here or too low down here. I need to be around his height. Now, if he was taller than me and put them up like this, but if he was shorter than me, what I would do if you're teaching your kids, rather than putting your hands like that, where it's going to hurt your wrist, I would widen your stance and come down and bring your hands down there. This is going to prevent you from getting injured if your boxer throws any crappy punches. Now, the other thing is the stance. You always want to mirror the boxer's stance. Now, if he was orthodox like he is, I want to stand orthodox. I don't want to stand south ball because this is going to make it really hard for him to throw the punches on the mitts. Next thing is he always wants to be putting his left hand on my left hand and the right hand on my right hand. Now, we can mix it up with more advanced stuff, but we're not there yet. We're doing the more basic stuff. And the last thing, which is one of the most important things, is the resistance and timing. If he throws a jab here and I haven't got any resistance and I flop it, it's going to feel bad for him. I need to have give him some resistance jab to be able to catch that punch and it makes it feel way more satisfying for him and he will not get injured and I'll not get injured. So for that resistance you need to move into the punches and actually catch them punches. So now we're going to go over some of the things that we've just worked on there. The jab. Two. One, two. One, two, hook. One, two, hook. Two. Move forward. Move back. One, two, two. One, two. One, two. Hook. One, two, one, two, hook. Two. One, two, one, two, hook. Two. Roll. Two. Hook. Two. Again. Two. Chop. Two. And that's it, right? He's never boxed before in his life until the beginning of this video. That's a lie. But he's done some boxing. But it's it's basically is as simple as that. When you know how to do it, it's an absolute game changer. And then I can start charging money to be able to teach people boxing for fitness. It's way more about holding the mits and teaching the basics of boxing. You've got a lot more to it than that, which we teach you all about on the boxing fitness academy. If you click here, it'll take you straight through to the website and you get all the details about the boxing fitness academy. Let me help you help other people and it could change your life like it's changed thousands of other people's. So click here and check it