Kind: captions Language: en People tell me I look 50 years old. Some people even say I look 60 years old. So my mission in 2026 is not only to stop my aging, but to reverse it. Now you might think this is crazy, but due to all of the new scientific data on a few different things, this is very possible. And on this video, I'm going to be taking a biological age test, which I'm pretty nervous about, and looking at the results, and I'm going to share my 12-month plan with you to get that age as low as it can go. And I'm going to show you exactly how I plan on doing this with the training, the dieting, the lifestyle, and the supplementation. Because this day and age, there's exciting things that scientifically proven that can help us with reversing our aging. Now, YOU MIGHT THINK, &gt;&gt; PY accept it and age gracefully. &gt;&gt; Hell Moon, mate. And this isn't just about how I look. It's about my brain health, too. I've been punched in the head thousands of times through boxing, and I want to be as sharp as possible. Also, the things that I'm going to do is going to improve my energy levels, help me recover faster when I do do this new training program that I'm going to tell you about, and also help me stop aging like a banana that's been left out in the sun. And I would love for you to do this with me as well. Now, this is what I look like right now. Even though I'm in better shape now than I have been in the past, I still don't like the way my body looks. Now, this is the biological age test. Now, I will put the links to everything I'm talking about in this video below. Okay, let's see how this works. I think it might be one of these things that you've got to have a on or something. Oh no, it's not. It's just a blood prick. And I've got to do this in the morning after fasting. So now I've got to let this dry for 3 hours. Put it in here, take it to the post office, and ship it off. Now I'm shipping this off to get my results. Now, while I'm waiting for them results, I want to tell you about some home training, which I'm doing that you can do as well that's going to be fun and very beneficial. But first, I want to talk about the easiest way to reverse your aging that doesn't take any real work. And this is with supplementation. Now, there's a lot of different supplements I'm going to be taking, and I'll quickly go through each one right now and tell you what they do. First one is pure NMN. I've spoken about this before. NMN is a precursor to NAD+, which is a molecule essential for cellular energy production and DNA repair. Human studies show that NMN increases your NAD+ levels, which naturally decline with age and are linked to reduce metabolic and cellular functioning. Next one up is nitrilus. I think I've pronounced that right. This reports nitric oxide production which plays a key role in blood flow vascular health and human studies show that dietary supplementation of this can improve circulation and oxygen delivery which indirectly supports brain health and cardiovascular health. I'm going to be using this around my training for improved blood flow and performance. Next up is something that we should have all been taking as kids. I wasn't all the time, but you should be taking it right now. This is omega-3 fatty acids. This comes from oily fish and is very well studied to support brain structure, inflammation control, and cardiovascular health. Next up is pure spermadine, and human studies suggest benefits for cognitive and cellular resilience with spermadine. So, give me some of that. Next up is pure TMG. This is clinically proven to help with cardiovascular disease and cognitive decline. It also supports liver functioning and overall metabolic balance. Stay with me, my friend. We're nearly there. Next up is CA AKG. And some early data shows that this can improve your metabolic and inflammation markers. And animal studies on this link it to longevity. Next one, CoQ10. I told you there's loads, right? Well, we'll see how it goes with the age test decline. Human studies show that this supports heart health, cellular energy, and may reduce fatigue. Next one is bourberine. This is really popular right now. Bourberine has some strong human evidence for improving metabolic health which is one of the strongest predictors of biological aging which make bourberine very highly relevant for longevity. I'm also going to be using vitamin D3 K2 and magnesium. These support bone health immune function and I've been taking vitamin D forever right now but vitamin D deficiency is common worldwide. So make sure you're not deficient in vitamin D. Next up is appenine. Studies say this may support sleep quality, stress regulation, both which are strongly linked to long-term brain health. And on top of that, my favorite one of all is creatine. This is been proven to help with cognitive function, also helping your muscles repair better after training. Everyone, men and women, no matter what your age, should be taking creatine. And there's a lot right there, I know. But when I do this with the at home exercising I'm going to tell you about, it's going to be an absolute gamecher in helping me get in better shape and have more energy and feel better in everyday life. But quickly, there's one last thing I want to tell you about these supplements. And if you are going to take these supplements like me or take some of your own or take a few of them and just say, make sure you check where you're getting them from, making sure that they've got the best ingredients. Mine is coming from a brilliant [music] source that is do not.org, or which is a research company. These are obsessed with making the very best ingredients and they are sponsoring today's video. I've added the links to everything below which I'm taking as well as a discount code [music] which is boxing. Get all that information below. Now, my biological age test has come back and I can't [laughter] wait to tell you about it. Bloody hell. But before I reveal them, I want to tell you about the two different types of training methods that I'm going to be doing at home. First is my cardio trainer method. This method is one of the most effective workouts that you can do because it trains your heart, your muscles, your brain all at the same time. And what's great about this workout that I'm going to tell you, you don't need any equipment to do this sort of training. You can do it from home. And it's going to help you with your thinking, reacting, rotating, breathing, burning a ton of calories and staying in shape while your heart rate is high. And this is something that you've probably done before if you watch my videos, and it is shadow boxing with circuit training. And I will tell you the exact workout that you can do, but just know when you are doing these together, this combination [music] improves cardiovascular fitness, burns fat effectively, builds your functional strength, boosts your focus and mental resilience. You're getting the benefits of cardio, strength training, and coordination all in one session, which makes it incredibly time efficient. And you can do this [music] by programming your own workouts at home with shadow boxing and body weight exercises. And if you don't want to do that and you want some pre-programmed [music] workouts, you can check out the Shadow Boxing Academy. I've created this for 2026. And it's not only stacked with tons of at home workouts that you can follow along with, but also over 50 educational videos showing you exactly how to box and shadow boxing the correct way. So even if you've never boxed before, there's nothing else that you need. If you have boxed before, it's going to give you some highlevel tips to get better. And for that program, you can scan here or go to boxingfitness.com/shadowboxing. [music] The link is below. So, that is my first part of me training. The second part of the training before I reveal my biological age test results is something that I've never really done before. Now, this is one of the most important things that you can do for longevity. Both experts Andrew Huberman and Peter Attire are very clear on this and like I said, it's something that I've never really done before in the way that I'm going to be doing it. and it's lifting weights because our muscles is not just there for aesthetics to look good. They are our longevity organs. Strength training helps prevent muscle mass, bone density, and insulin sensitivity as well as metabolic health as you age. All of which is strongly linked with living longer and staying independent. Peter, who is one of the world's leading experts on this, often talks about strength as insurance against aging. I love that quote because losing muscle and strength when you get older, it's one of the reasons why a lot of the elderly have early debts. Andrew Hubman, who is one of my mates and one of the most popular scientists in the world, reinforces what Peter [music] said, seeing resistance training helps improve brain health, hormone signal, and stress resilience. In short, lifting weights [music] isn't optional for longevity. It's foundational, right? You get that? Now, on top of the training and the supplementations, a few of the things that I'm going to be really focusing on to help my longevity and brain health. One is sleep, another is nutrition, and one is stress. Also, I just want to add in here that it's been 6 years since I quit drinking alcohol, [music] and this really changed my life. Now, I heard Hubman say recently that zero consumption of alcohol is way better than any alcohol at all. People think, I'm sure have one glass of wine, but no, zero is better. So, if you can, I would stay off that. So, now my results is already in. And I know what you're thinking. You're thinking, Tony, you already look younger than you did just on the last part of the video. Well, my friend, I'm going to tell you why that is. And it's not because of the supplements I've been taking or the training I've been doing because that was just last week. But why that is is I've had a haircut. I've got a suntan or sunburn, should I say. And then also, I've got one of them line things in me beard. And I may or may not have used just for men on me beard. may or may not. [laughter] So, these results are in and this right here is going to show me my biological age. How healthy am I inside my organs and all of that stuff where right now as I'm shooting this at the very end of December in 2025, my chronological age, my real age is 40.7 years old. That's how long I've been alive on Earth. So, my biological age, which really surprised me, is 3.7 years younger than my real age. I'm 37.1 years old, but and a big butt. What this test does, it dives really deep into all the different organs in my body. And when I first seen that, 37 years old, I'm like, "Yes, get in. I'm buzzing. I'm younger." But when I look at the age of things like my heart, me immune [music] system, me kidneys, me liver, me brain, and me lungs. All of these, which is on the screen right now, is older than my chronological age. Like right now, you see me blood is like a year older. Me brain is like 2 year older. Now, I love to think &gt;&gt; me brain's through your year cuz I'm smaller. &gt;&gt; But that it's that's not how it is. And I've got a feeling that's got [music] to do with being punched in the head so many times. And when I saying this, it kind of confuses cuz it's kind of contradicting itself. My biological age is this age, but your heart, your lungs, and all your main organs is this age. But when you look into a bit more, it makes total sense. These tests don't just use the average of everything together. Your overall biological age is a weighted score based on how your whole body is functioning. Where your organ ages show where your body has taken the [music] most stress over time. In my case, years of physical stress and maybe past lifestyle choices of drinking all the time and then when I was a bit younger eating junk food all the time have obviously had [music] wear and tear on me organs and me body even though my overall health, metabolism, inflammation, and recovery are strong enough to keep my biological age lower. Now, what's great about this is if someone ever asks me how old I am, I always say, "Well, I've got two ages. I've got my chronological age, which is 41 years old." And then I've got my real age. I'm only 37. I'm still a little puppy. Now, another great thing that I'm absolutely buzzing about, what these results told me is this one right here. How I'm aging slower. Right now, I'm aging at the speed of 0.69 years every year. And it says a pace that is greater than one has been associated with a 56% increase of risk of death and 54% risk of chronic disease within the next 7 years. And I'm below that number. [music] But I am not happy with this. I want to get even younger. I want to be like Bjamin Button and get so young. And in 12 months time, I'm going to take all of these tests again and doing the training, taking the great supplements and watching this go down, my brain getting sharper, me getting smarter, I'm way, way, way better looking. [laughter] That's impossible. You're thinking, but why not try this with me? Come along and join on this journey. And the links are below for these supplements that I am going to be taking. Now, you might think, "Well, Tony, that's a great load of supplements that you're taking." Well, there's a guy called Brian Johnson you might have heard of. He's the guy who's really reversing his aging, and he's went from looking 60 years old when he was 40 to now, I think he's 50, and he's looking like 30 years old. This guy's taking over 100 pills a day, and he's doing way more research than me on this. He's spending millions on trying to reverse his aging. So, this is not costing millions. In fact, they're very affordable. And if you think about the benefits of this, you can't put a price on your health. Now, if you want to join me in this, there's three things that you need to do. Number one, plan out your structure. Like I said, the links are below for everything that I've done. Number two is make sure you subscribe to these videos and turn on your notifications so you don't miss the next time I do this. And number three is if you want to get your great workouts in like I'm doing right now and you want to do some shadow boxing from home, if you click here, it'll take you through to my shadow boxing program where I educate you on how to shadow box and then give you eight weeks worth of workouts that's going to help you get in shape. So click here and it'll take you through the website and come and get fit and start this crazy journey with