Kind: captions Language: en slipping a punch, rolling a punch. When should you slip a punch? When should you roll a punch? Which punch should you be slipping? Which punch should you be rolling? And how can you come back with a punch of your own once you've slipped a punch or once you've rolled a punch? on this video. I'm going to be going all over that and I'm going to give you a drill that you can do at home that all you need is a boxing glove which will really help improve your reactions and your head moving. And if you don't know who I am, my name is Tony Jeff. I'm an Olympic medalist boxer, former European champion. And on this YouTube channel, I give you everything boxing. So, make sure you subscribe for more videos like this. So, firstly, which punch should we be slipping? Well, you should only be slipping out the way of straight punches. If I'm in my boxing stance here and the center line is in between my feet, I want to slip my head off that line. Now, when I'm talking about that center line, this is the line. If someone throws a punch at you, it should be coming straight down that line, right? So, we need to slip our head off there. And again, if it's a stab, you want to be slipping to your right. If it was a right hand, you want to be slipping to your left. And if someone's throwing a hook at me coming from this side, that's when I would roll to that side, rolling underneath it. Or if the hook was coming from this side, so I would be rolling under that hook right there. And again, when I'm rolling, my head is coming off that line and then coming back onto it. Off that line and back onto it. I would never want to try and slip a hook because if you think the punch was coming from this side and I slip into it, that's like a head-on collision and I'm making that hook twice as hard because I'm moving into it. So, we slipping the straight punches. We're rolling out the way of the hooks. Now, before I give you this great drill that you can do, I just want to talk about the counter punches and the exact way that you should be slipping and rolling. So, let's say someone threw a jab at me and I've slipped. What I'm doing, I'm transferring the weight to my back foot. And what that's doing, it's loading up my back hand and I can follow back with my right hand. So, if I'm slipping to my right, I'm coming back with my right. If I would be to slipping to my left, I would put the weight to my front leg and then I can come back with my left hand here. I'm loading that punch up. And it goes the same if you were rolling. If I was rolling to my right, I would come back with my right hand. And if I was rolling to my left, I would come back with my left hook. So again, I'm slipping out the way of straight punches. If I slip to my right, I come back with my right hand. If I slip to my left, I come back with my left hand. I'm rolling out the way of hooks. If I'm rolling to my right, I'm coming back with my right hand. If I'm rolling to my left, I'm coming back with my left hand. Pretty simple, right? Well, the more that you do this and practice it in the mirror on the heavy bag, if you're in the gym in shadow boxing or you're going to be doing the drill I'm about to give you at home, always think about that for a rule of thumb. Now, this drill, all I need is a boxing glove to be able to do it and as well a hand wrap or some string to be tying up because what we're going to do, we're going to be tying this glove up to something high. tie my hand wrap to it and then I'm going to Oh no. Wait a minute. Yes. Look at that. I am hanging up now. I get you haven't got a pole like this in your house, but you've got something like a door frame or something else where you can hang it. Now, what I'm going to do, I'm going to bring this to my head height right here because this is the thing that I'm going to be slipping out the way of. If it's too high, it's not going to work. If it's too low, it's going to make things very, very difficult. So, I want to keep this my head height. I've tightened it up. I'm going to stuff this wrap inside of here like that. And right now, I've got my very own slip ball like Mike Tyson has got right here. And now we're about to do it as fast as Mike Tyson as well. Not really. So, what we going to do with this? So once it's here, we can swing it in front and then it'll hit you in the face like that if you don't slip out of the way of it. So when you are swinging this, it's going forwards and backwards down that center line that I've not shut up about like that because that's where the punch is going to be coming. So I'm going to stand directly under this then I'm going to swing it and then when it's coming back I'm going to slip to my right and then I'm going to slip to my left and then we'll go from there. So it's in front of me, swing it out, slip to my right, slip to my left, back to the center. Now there we've just done a double slip again. Throw it out. Slip, slip, back to the center. Out, slip, slip, back to the center. I'll show you from this side now. So it's swinging up. Slip, slip, back to the center. As you can see, I'm transferring that weight. So I'm loading up that counter punch. Now once you get used to doing that, then we can start advancing it a little bit more. We can start adding on the counter punches. So I'll swing it. I've done a double slip. I threw a counter punch. I've slipped. Slipped. Counter punch. Remember, whatever direction I'm slipping to, that's the punch that I'm coming back to. As you can see, I'm slipping out the weaver, getting me head off that line, and then coming back with the counter punch. If I'm slipping to my right, I'm throwing that right hand. If I'm slipping to my left, I'm throwing that left hand. Now, when you get comfortable doing that, we can advance this even more. We can get in our box of bounce if you like. Then, when we move in this, we can do it like a punch. So, I'm here. I'll move it like a punch. I'm slipping. I'm slipping. I'm moving around. And I can move all angles here. It doesn't matter which angle I'm moving. I just don't want that to hit me. I'm touch with my hands. Touch it. Touch. Moving. Moving. Moving. Swing. Swing. Slip. Slip. I'm here. Pivoting around. Then I can start adding in counter punches. It's moving. Now, if you want to learn the number one thing that is probably holding you back in all of boxing, click here and watch this video next, where I'll show you. You'll not believe it. Click here and watch this