Kind: captions Language: en I myself am going to be fighting December 20th here in Dubai. And if I'm going to fight, I mean, it's been a while. If I'm going to train and get in there, I may as well do it for a belt. And if it's going to be for a belt, it may as well be for the biggest one. &gt;&gt; The biggest one. He's fighting Alexander Usyk for the WBC world title. &gt;&gt; So I, as CEO, order a mandatory title defense for the heavyweight misfits belt between myself, Andrew, the top G, King Cobra Tate, against Chase Deore. You may be younger than I am. You may be more active. You may be bigger, but everybody has a plan until they're punched [laughter] in the face. &gt;&gt; Now, whether you like Andrew Tate or not, he's one of the most famous and most influential people in the whole world. And he's having a boxing fight, which is absolutely crazy for a few reasons, which I'm going to talk about in this video. And with me being an Olympic medalist boxer myself and had over a hundred fights and trained thousands, if not millions of people in boxing, I kind of know what I'm talking about on this topic. And I've also offered to train Andrew Tate in person for this fight as well, which you might be like, &gt;&gt; Tony, what are you doing that for? He's this, he's that. &gt;&gt; Well, I'll tell you why in a second, which will make sense. And also on this video, I'm going to take a look at Tate's last fight and break it down and see how his boxing is. Now, this is crazy on so many levels. For one is Andrew Tate's audience. His main following, the people who are paying him millions and millions of dollars are young lads who's calling him the top G, who's looking up to him for guidance, not only as a businessman, who he's a really good businessman when you see what he's done, but also as a tough guy, as a fighter. Now, with him having a fight, he's putting all of that reputation on the line. And it's his reputation that is making him millions and millions of dollars. He's even said that he is a billionaire, which I don't know whether I believe that or not. Probably not. I I don't know. I've got no idea. But he is a very wealthy man. We see all of these clips of his cars, his mansions. He's traveling private jets. So why is he putting that reputation on the line? Now, Andrew Tate has got fighting experience. As far as I know, he's been doing it all of his life until like the last five or six years. He was a former kickboxer, had over 80 fights in kickboxing, I think professionally and amateur. And when I found out what his last fight was, I took a little look at it. This is it right here. So, he's fighting this guy. And there's his brother in the corner. Now, this was 2020. So, 5 years ago, this was before he actually blew [music] right up on social media and became massive. Now, let's just take a little look at his boxing. Even though I know this is not box, I think it's kickboxing. So, oh, straight away for that kick. But, as we can see, Andrew Tate looks like a tall guy. Now, that was a lovely hook what he threw there. So the guy comes in with a big swing overhand, right? He leans back out the way. Boom. Pivot hook. Now the guy's just trying to rush him. I think Tate was off balance a little bit there. Let's watch that bit again. Yeah. Boom. Yeah, it was a little bit off balance there. And my specialty is footwork. So I can see right now a few things he's doing with his feet that he could be doing a bit better. Now, one thing I'm noticing as well is Tate's chin is pretty high in the air. I guess he's moving back, leaning back. So fine. But the guy's a lot shorter than him. Guy's a bit sloppy here. trying to knock him out in the first round. Yeah, this guy's just rushing in with wild punches. Tate moves his head nice there and pivots his feet out. Lovely. Now watch this again. When someone's rushing in at you, what's he going to do? Look, he he side steps there, takes his head off that line, warm brings the back foot round now. He's got the guy on the ropes. So yeah, a couple of things when he's boxing. This is not a boxing fight, so it's hard. The guy in front of him is not great. So I mean, he's standing having a fight with him. He's leaning back there, which if the guy, like he said, who he's fighting now is bigger than him, you can't lean back and leave his feet there because the guy is bigger than him. He's got probably a longer reach than him. And this guy's throwing wild hooks. If these were straight punches, you can't hold your feet or you're going to get hit on the way in. Nice overhand right then uppercut there, which is a very unorthodox punch to throw when you're leaning back on this position, but it lands on the guy's chin and it seems like a book of the guy's leg. He's just trying to weather the storm here in a fight. And if you're a boxer or you're boxing and someone's rushing on you like this, best thing to do is kind of weather the storm. Let the guy rush and do his thing. Move back, move out the way. I would be working on me jab a lot more though. But again, this is not boxing. He's throwing kicks. So I don't think the jab is the thing to do all the time when someone's throwing kicks. As I said, that T just threw a jab there just to keep the guy thinking. So now we're into round two. Guy still coming forward with these big windmill punches. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Yeah. So that's what I was just talking about there. So the guy is is throwing like multiple punches, straight punches, which if I'm in this guy's corner, that's exactly what I'm telling him to do. So one, two, Tate is doing the lean back. The punch is just going past his head, but he's moving his feet as well, which is good. He's switching south offs. When you do that, you can move back faster, but then the guy gets to the ropes and now he should be working cuz the reason why you want to throw these punches is to get your guy to the ropes if you're shorter than the the guy in front of you. Guy is wrecked. Now look as if he's come out trying to knock him out, shot his bloody load [laughter] and now he's exhausted. Shaking his head, he quits, right? Yeah, but if you shake your [music] head like that, he's quit. So let's have a look at that combo that finished him off again. So right hand hits him on the top of the head. Lead uppercut doesn't seem like land lines clean, but that's the one there. The right hand hits him on the chin, then the left hook. Then T keeps throwing punches, which [music] I'll do that as well, even if he turns back. So yeah, this is his last fight. hard to judge his boxing skills when he's fighting an opponent that is not great and the guy is shorter than him and he's fighting someone taller than him and then obviously it's kickboxing as well but he's got decent reactions. He obviously he's got experience. He's had over 80 fights. Now here's the big thing. Tate is one year younger than me. He's going to be 39 years old on his next fight. Now when you are getting older and you've been inactive in competition, the first thing that goes from you as a fighter, it's not your punching power. It's not your speed. It is not your footwork. It is definitely not your boxing IQ. If anything, for me, that that goes up because you're watching fights. You've been around boxing, you can understand boxing IQ better. The biggest thing that goes the first thing that goes is your timing, which is so important. When I retired, I was 27 years old. I went back in the ring to spar when I was around 33. I've been out the ring for a few years. And the guy I was in front of, he was a professional. He wasn't nowhere near on my league. And I was sparring with him. And I could see him throwing punches. [music] I was like, I'm get out the way this. but I couldn't I just didn't have the timing to read that punch and get out the way of that punch. And that's when I was like, "Oh my god, I still beat the guy up, but I was really shocked at how I couldn't get out the way of these punches." Now, that was sparing with 16 oz gloves. And if you get hit, [music] you're not really going to get hurt. Now, Tate is going in there at heavy weight with 10 oz gloves on. If your timing is not right, you're going to get knocked out because the reaction timing is not right. The thing that he's going to have to train is his footwork. Because footwork is the most important thing in boxing. And if you've got great feet, that can help you with your timing because you're moving in and out all of the time when the punches are coming. That's just going to help you get out of the way of the punches even faster. And I'm a master at footwork. And I tweeted, Tate said, I'm going to come over there and I'll help you get your footwork on point because I believe that's what he needs. I'm actually going to Dubai anyway around that time. So, it kind of makes sense for me to go there and be involved in this event, which if it does go ahead, which they're saying it is, it's signed. This is going to be absolutely massive. Now, I've got no idea who Tate is training with, but the guy who he's fighting is this kid here. He's an English kid, heavyweight. I don't know much about him. Let me have a quick look here. So, he's had professional boxing fights. He's [music] had six seven fights and he won four out of seven. He got stopped in his first fight. Let me have a quick look at this. &gt;&gt; Oh, so I remember this kid. This is the guy who he throws like a crazy punch and I'd done a reaction video to it. He was calling me old man on Twitter. This might be it here. [laughter] Yeah, that was it there. That that's Yeah, that's this guy. Yeah, this was uh 2 years ago. That was a viral clip. Yeah, I think he's just really exhausted here. So, again, this was the kid's first fight. I've got no idea what his background is. I've got no idea who the who the kid is in front of him. He's absolutely exhausted. spot his mouthpiece out. &gt;&gt; I'm not mad at that. You know, he's absolutely exhausted. Spit our mouthpiece out. Get some get a rest. Obviously inexperienced. So, it looks like the guy quit in the corner. You I never watched the full fight, so I don't know. But let's have a look of uh Ch's [music] recent fight cuz it's a bit unfair going straight to the the worst one. Let's have a look at the the last one. So, this guy here, well, he is a big guy. How tall is he? Looks chiseled as well. Look at that chiseled jaw. Oh, yeah. I've been to this venue before in Mexico in Tijana. My lawyer actually had a fight here where you fight people to get experience. Yeah, I've seen him round one of this fight. Looks way better than obviously that we seen in the first fight. What was that? Let me see that again. &gt;&gt; Look like he slipped. I don't know what what's going on here. So, yeah, with these with these fights in Tijana, a lot of these guys are just like working as I don't know like in restaurants and stuff and they bring they bring them out to fight. Like look at that big swing there. I'm trying not to be disrespectful here to this guy. Oh. Oh, cheers. Do more. No, I love boxing and I respect people who get in the ring to fight. And he's got the same he boots of boxing boots as me. But like seeing things like this, it just tells me like he's still got a lot to learn. Like you see here like that where he puts his chin up in the air like there moving back with your chin up in the air looking like you're afraid to get hit. Now I can see why T's fighting this guy. At first I was like, "Oh no, you it sounds a bit dangerous." But like look look at the chin in the air when you're throwing them punches like there you you kind of really stand like that with your chin in the air. Now if [snorts] this guy would box you want to throw a jab then a left hook and jab the hands will come even further closer than a left hook around the side. Yeah chin is way too high. If I'm if I'm working with Chase tomorrow I'm working on getting that chin down and I'm working on them feet as well. He needs to really [music] fix his footwork. He's big guy. He's athletic but like yeah he's just inexperienced. I think actually if I'm on Chase's team or even if I'm Andrew Tate's team I'm telling them we need to get Tony Jeffy's footwork academy. The link's below by the way. But on this academy I give you everything you need to be able to fix what I'm seeing here with the footwork. I want to see something good. There's got to be something better of chasing more. So this one looks like he's won the fight. &gt;&gt; Yeah. With this if this guy chase turned his hip when he threw that right hand like there. If you see again he's not turning his hip. If he turns his hip, boom, he gets so much more power in the punches. But when being a big guy, and I don't know who this guy is, obviously inexperienced. You can see he's inexperienced by the way. He starts turning his back here and takes his eye off his opponent. Wow. And he keeps hitting him. What am I missing here? Maybe this maybe this chase is having fights, but they're not professional fights because obviously that guy's not a professional boxer. This was two year ago. So he's another one, right? This is a misfits boxing one. First clip I show you the guys from Wild Punches looking better against these guys who I don't know who this guy is but obviously I'm going to stop. I'm going to stop. But yeah, exciting to see Andrew T get in the ring and do a fight. I'm definitely going to be watching it. Are you going to be watching it? Now, let me ask you this. What's your thoughts on all of this Misfits boxing? Again, I've not watched this. I'll watch someone like TSI V fights. I'll watch someone like Jake Paul if Vights. I'll watch Darren Till. I'll definitely be watching Andrew Tate. But yeah, it's interesting. I'm I'm all for this YouTube boxing. Like the these guys, I would respect everyone that gets in the ring. My goal is to help as many people get better at boxing as possible. I'd love to know your thoughts in the comments below. And if you want to get better at boxing, you should watch this video right