Kind: captions Language: en What if I told you it's incredibly easy to get ahead of 95% of people who are doing boxing training? And it only takes five minutes at the start of each session to be able to do this. And if you stick with this video till the very end, I'm going to give you a step-by-step system to do exactly that. Who am I and why should you listen to me about this stuff? Well, I'm an Olympic medalist boxer and I had 106 fights in me career. And now my mission is to help anyone who wants to improve their lives through boxing. And it all starts with step number one, which is identification. I'll explain exactly what I mean by that in a second. But just know most people who are training boxing are not doing this for either one of two reasons. One is they don't know it and no one's ever told them it yet. And the other one is they're just too bloody lazy. They probably wouldn't even watch a video like this all the way through. Even if they knew it would help improve their boxing where you would. And just because someone goes to the gym and they train really hard on the heavy bags and they're exhausted, doesn't mean that they're not lazy. Because it's not just the workouts that you do inside of the gym that's going to help set you apart from 95% of other people. It's the things that you're doing outside, but also the 5 minutes before your sessions, which I'm going to tell you about in a second. So, identification is step number one on this video. And that alone will really take you to the next level. And let me ask you this. How would you ever expect to get better at boxing if you don't know what mistakes you're making when you're in the gym? You can, can you? Eh, it's impossible, isn't it? So, I'm going to show you exactly how to identify your mistakes in step number one. And just doing this will help you get better than most people because they don't know what they're doing wrong. Probably like you right now. You might think you're doing something great, but you're really not. Now, this is how you're going to identify your mistakes. You're going to grab your phone and you're going to record yourself, your full body shadow boxing, and then on the heavy bags as well. Once you've recorded this, you're going to watch it back and identify your three biggest mistakes or the three places you believe that you can improve the most. Now, when you're doing this, you've got to be honest with yourself and really be critical on your form rather than thinking, "Oo, that's a lovely job there. My one two is so fast. I look great. I had already mistakes. You can't be doing any of that. You've got to look at the things that you think that you can improve on, which we all can improve on something. Now, when you're doing this, it's important that you grab a pen and paper. Yes, a pen and blurry paper. I'm not talking about your phone. And you're going to write down the three things on this piece of paper. Now, once you've got this, it's going to really help you with steps number two and three. This information is crucial for you in getting better. And already just you having this information is going to help you get better than most people in the gym who are sitting there watching boxing videos on Instagram and getting some inspiration from that and thinking, "Oh yes, I'll try this the next time I'm in the gym." Then they'll go to the gym and they'll try it and they might feel good at whatever they're trying or they might feel terrible and they'll not try it ever again. But that's the key thing. They'll not try it ever again because what will happen? They'll watch more Instagram videos and then they'll try something else and they'll think, "Oh yes, this coach is the best. Oh no, this coach is the best. I'm going to try this coach's thing. I'm going to try this fancy forward drill or this spinning uppercut BS. Whatever it is, that's what the other guys are doing. And you're not the other guys. You're the guy that's going to get better than all of them lot." Now, moving on to step number two. You're going to do what my Olympic coach used to do for me and the other team without even having to have an Olympic coach, and that is creating an improvement sheet. Now, you might be thinking, Tony, you're giving us a lot of things to do right here. Calm down. It's not a lot of things. And once you've got this, you'll have it forever. And once you've got it forever, this is an asset that can help you forever or until you improve these mistakes, which you will do after you hear step number three and four. Now, this improvement sheet, you're going to have your mistakes on there, and next to each one of their mistakes, you're going to write a solution for that problem. Now, let's just say when you've watched your video back, you've noticed one of your mistakes is you've got really slow feet and you're plotting around. Well, the chances are that if you're doing this is you're not landing on the balls of your feet when you're moving. Cuz when you move, land on the balls of your feet, you can move a lot faster. Now, I might be wrong here. That might not be your mistake, but I'm just giving you this as an example. So, what you're going to do next to that mistake, you're going to write down land on the balls of me feet rather than me heels. Now, that is the solution to that big problem right there. Now, do this for each of the three things that you want to improve on in your boxing game that you've already identified. And I can actually help you and give you some of these sheets with information on of what things you can improve on. I've created them already. If you grab a phone and scan this barcode right here, it'll take you straight through to the site where you can have these forms for free that have all of this information on that have these sheets on as well as some workouts as well. Here are the sheets that you will get. This one has got just about every common mistake on that I'll see in boxing. And next to it has got a grading system. So when you'll watch your video, you'll grade yourself. Then you'll write notes about it. Then you'll write how to fix it. But I've got a cheat sheet for you right here. This cheat sheet has got all of the answers on to the problems that you might have. And to get these sheets plus your workouts for free, you know what to do. Scan here and I'll send you a video package and these downloadable sheets for totally free. Now, step number three and four, this is where you're going to start seeing the magic happen. And I'm not talking about magic like this. Definitely not. I'm talking about magic where you're going to really improve and enhance your boxing game. Now, one thing over my years of being in boxing gyms, I've noticed that when people go to the gym, whether it's for fitness or for fighting, they generally are working on the same thing just about every time they go. And if they have got bad habits, they will not really be focusing on getting out of them bad habits. The coach might shout out, "Hey, keep your hands up. Hey, stop being flatfooted. Get on your toes." You know the type, right? But that's not enough, my friend. So, step number three, this is where you're going to be spending the five minutes before a session. You're going to be sitting there and you're going to read your improvement sheet, getting the information that you need into your head. And this is the stuff that you're going to be working on in these training sessions that I'm about to give you. And when you're sitting reading this, it's important because you need to be fully conscious of everything that you're going to be working on in the sessions because if you're not, you're going to go back into your old ways and you're going to forget about the things that you're working on. You're just going to try and look all fancy on the back. You're going to be start making your bad habits even worse. And that right there is just the lazy way of training, which most people are doing. Even if the like I mentioned training really hard and they're exhausted in every single session, it's still the lazy way of training. You need to be fully conscious of this stuff when you're working on it. If you want to get out of these bad habits or if not, just be lazy. Just continue doing what you're doing. And I tell you what, mate, you'll just never get ahead. You'll never improve or you might, but it'll take you forever. And I'm talking about improving fast. We always want to improve fast. And doing these methods will help you improve faster than anything else. So you can either be lazy and not do it or you can either do it. But because you got so far on this video, I believe that you're going to do it and you're going to thank me later. So now that we have identified our mistakes, you know the importance of getting out of these bad habits. You know what you need to do on each one of these mistakes to improve. Now you know that you're going to sit 5 minutes before the session and read your mistakes. Then what do you do? Do you just go on the heavy bag and think my three mistakes bringing me feet together, dropping me non-punching hand, not turning me hips, then do you try and do them all at once? Well, no. If you do that, the chances are that you're not going to improve one of the mistakes if you're trying to do all three at once. Instead, what you've got to do is work on one of your mistakes at a time in one full round. Just focusing on that one thing for the full duration to that round. Example, if you're doing four rounds of shadow boxing at the start of your session after you warm up, which I think you should be doing just about every session, four rounds of shadow boxing is great. Round number one, you're going to work on your worst mistake. Round number two, you'll work on your second worst mistake. Round number three, on your third worst mistake. And when I say work on it, I mean just focusing on that one thing for the full round. Then what you'll do on round number four, after you've worked on the three mistakes, then my friend, you can put them all together in that round number four. And that's your shadow boxing work done right there. Then when you go on the heavy bags, you can do something similar, but you will be doing more rounds on the heavy bag than four. Well, I hope so. Now, if you do this correctly with the workouts that I'm going to give you, my friend, I will 100% guarantee that you will improve. Now, you might not be better than 95% of everyone in your gym because the other guy might be watching this video and doing the same thing. But what I can 100% guarantee you is that if you do this correct, you will be better after you've done it than you were before. It will just take you five minutes at the start of each session. And what I've done for totally free, I'll put everything what I'm talking about into a package, including the workouts, the improvement sheets, the cheat sheets, and as well, I tell you what to do after you've actually done these improvements to reanalyze your full boxing game. And if you click here, I will send you it all for free. No BS, no strings, no nothing. Just because I'm a nice person and I want to help you get better at boxing. Go click here and you will get this for totally