Kind: captions Language: en Mike Tyson is one of the most feared fighters of all time. He used to knock out just about everybody. And what I noticed when I was studying Mike Tyson is the uniqueness of a lot of his combination punches. And I can't help but think if I was training my Tyson on the mits now and I had this pink tank top on that he would probably punch me in the face and knock me out. So luckily Mike Tyson is not here. But the knowledge up here to be able to teach Mike Tyson's combinations is here. And that's what we're going to do on this video. I'm going to give you four of Mike Tyson's favorite combinations so you can practice them the next time you're in the gym hitting the heavy bag on the mits or in sparring. And these are absolutely brutal, mate. Starting off with the first one. Now, if you've watched much of Mike Tyson, you will know that he is generally this shorter guy. He's normally in there with the big guys, and the big guys are throwing them jabs, moving back. What does he try to do? Well, he's got to get his feet closer to his opponent to be able to land them big, crazy bombs that he throws to knock them out. And that's what he used to do. He used to get his feet close to them and then land them bombs. With this first combination, what we are going to be working on is a jab, jab, moving forward, and then Tyson will always be moving his head cuz these guys will be throwing these punches. He'll be always moving his head. But when he's moving his head, if you notice what he's doing, he's setting up his next punch. He's bending them legs low and he's using them muscles in his legs to drive up and throw that next punch. And he will throw that big hook. So, we're here. He's going to do a jab. Jab coming forward. w and he would fire back with them two hard punches, the lead hook and the right hand. But the way he will get so much power in them is by using the momentum of the stepping moving forward as well as the muscles in the legs to really drive up and throw that big hook as he was moving forward. So again, we've got that jab, jab, three rolls, lead hook, right hand. Here we go. Oh, mate. Yeah, that was one of the combinations that he used to love to do and it was all about having that great footwork. Now, moving on to the second combination, it's not really a combination punches, but it is what he used to do to knock out or knock down so many people. Now, if you think what Tyson was great at, other than having them fast feet and them powerful hands, was moving his head. He would be moving side to side all the time. Not just to slip punches, but also to keep his opponent thinking. Now, I want you to think, for example, if I'm standing in front of you right now, right? And I'm boxing them like this. Where you where you going to throw the punch? You're going to throw the punch? Straight down the middle. Right now, if you think if I'm moving like this, like Tyson, now where you going to throw the punch? Well, you probably still want to throw it down the middle, but there's less chance of you landing that punch. And because I'm slipping like this, it makes you think even harder about throwing them punches because you don't know what's going to come back. You know, if I've slipped here, I'm loading up this next punch. You know, if I've slipped this side, I've load up this next punch. And that's kind of what Tyson was doing all the time. Moving his head, loading up them punches, and all of a sudden, boom, he would throw one of them big punches, and it'll do damage. And this combination, what we're going to be doing is a similar sort of thing. So the first part of this combination is just to step in and move him forward. So it's like this. Now look how close he is. Look where the weights load up there. That's where the power is going to be generated for that next punch. And then what Tyson used to do because these big taller guys were much taller than him, he would kind of jump forward with a big hook and generate that ridiculous amount of power. So it's a four slips then jumping forward with that big long lead hook. Here we go. Oh, again. One more time. Serious power in that punch. Here's a clip of Mike Tyson moving his head and knocking someone out with that right here. Now, them's the first two, and the next two are even better than them two, my friend. But before I tell you about that, I just want to talk about Mike Tyson's footwork because people just know him for his power. They think he was a knockout artist cuz he could punch so hard. But where does power come from? Well, it starts with the feet and it comes up from the legs and also to be able to land them punches like Tyson did. One thing that he needed was fast feet. You need to get his feet in close or he would never have any success. And then on the opposite side of that, to beat someone like Mike Tyson, what have you got to do? Well, you've got to have great feet and great footwork because footwork is the foundation of all of boxing. Without having great feet, nothing else will come together. Now, for you to get great feet, you can do it. You need to be working on specific things in your training, like hand, eye, and foot coordination drills, like stepping and punching at the same time, like focusing on the specific minor things that will help you improve your overall boxing. And I can help you do that with the boxing footwork academy. This program is stacked with over 50 videos where I show you everything you need to perfect your footwork. And these are the things that how I learned to have so much success in boxing where I won an Olympic medal, a European gold medal and won seven national titles. And I'm giving you it all in my boxing footwork academy. So you can either scan here or go to boxingfitness.com/footwork. The links are below and check it all out. Now, let's move on to Mike Tyson's next combination, which is an absolute belter. And what this one is, like I said, he needs to get his feet closer to his opponent. Now, if he is throwing a one, two, and just doing a normal roll, he's not really getting his feet closer. If he's doing a one, two, and he's stepping straight forward like, yeah, he can come back with that right hand, but what's even better, and what he used to do, he would change the angle. So, we're here. He would do that one, two. He would roll and step. He would do it to the side. Now he's changed the angle. Look where he is now. Whoa, mate. You know what's loaded up there. That big boom right hand. Right. And this combination, he used to get his opponents to the close to the ropes. He would get them there. Ba roll step and mate, the rest was history. So here, one, two, roll step. Boom. Boom. Yes. Now watch the step. Watch how much he's stepping along to the side and really changing that angle. Whoa, mate. That would knock a bloody horse out. I'm telling you, mate. We don't want to be knocking horses out, though. Now, that is a great combination. One, two, roll step. Now, you can even add on to that where you can start throwing body shots. So, we're there. One, two, roll step. He's there. Boom. Boom. Whipping in that lead up the body. From there, you could double it, triple it, go the head. But if you've got your feet around the side, it's going to cause the person in front of you a lot of danger like what Mike Tyson used to do. Now, moving on to the next combination, mate. If you like them ones, you're going to absolutely love this one. Now, this next combination is a six punch combo. What Mike would do, he would continuously throw punches while he was moving forward to get his fast feet in range, and then he would go to town while he was in close. But often when he was throwing them punches on his weigh in like the jump and lead hook like we worked on, that would be enough to finish his guy off. Now this six punch combination, what we're going to throw is again he's going to be moving coming forward with it. And we're going to start off with a double jab, then a lead uppercut, and then from there, what he would throw is a hook, two, then finish with a hook, right? And that was it. So he would try and get his opponent to the ropes with that double jab. If they were on the ropes, then he's in close. He's got his feet where he wants them to be. Then it's a b. And here it is right here. Oh, mate. One more time. We're here. B. Oh, mate. And them combinations are absolutely great. Now, let me ask this. Do you want to learn how to hold the focus mits? Well, if you do, I've done a full video right here breaking it down exactly how to hold the mits for boxing so you can teach anyone how to box. Even if you've never boxed yourself, click here and watch this video