Kind: captions Language: en If you think once you learn how to box or once you've been training hard for a while, you'll never feel scared when you step into the ring for a fight or even sparring. Well, that's not true. Maybe you've got a bout coming up or a hard sparring session and you feel nervous, anxious, or even afraid. You probably can't stop thinking about it. Maybe you've been boxing for a while, but you're worried that you're not ready. Maybe you've took some hard shots in sparring or in a fight before, and you're scared that it's going to happen again because you got hurt, which has happened to me multiple times. Or maybe you're just afraid of freezing and looking bad and letting yourself down, or your family who come to watch you letting them down. Well, in a minute I'm going to give you the number one simple formula that will help control that fear, build confidence, and when you walk into the ring, you will feel calm, focused, and ready to do the business. But first, it's important that you understand that fear is normal. Fear is human. Fear is designed to protect us. It's not a weakness or it's not a flaw. It doesn't mean that there's something wrong with you, that you're scared or you're soft or that boxing is not for you, which might pop into your mind as a self-doubt. And it's definitely something that you should not be ashamed of. I know right now lots of old school boxing coaches are might make people feel bad or make them feel weak because of this. But normate, let me tell you, even after a 100 fights in my career, winning a European championship, seven national titles, I even won an Olympic bloody medal, I still felt nervous every single time, every fight, every ring walk. And the difference is not that elite fighters don't feel fear, because we certainly do. It's that we understand it and know how to do things that will really help us feel better so we can perform to our best. Now, the first step in controlling your fear is identifying what it actually is that you're afraid of. Ask yourself this. Is the fear of you getting hit? Is it the pain? Or is it you looking bad in front of your coach or your gym or your friends or your family? Is the fear of you losing and getting embarrassed? Are you scared of getting knocked out? Or is it simply just the unknown, not knowing how the fight will go, which was for me most the time? Well, once you pinpoint the real source, then we are closer to controlling it. And before I give you the second tip, which I learned from an Olympic gold medalist, and this is the fastest thing that you can do to lose your fear, like pretty instantly, and feel calm and less nervous. Before we talk about that, it's important that we talk about the biggest fear that most boxers have, and that is getting hurt and losing. That's the real fear here. No matter whether this is your first sport or your 50th fight, when you understand what I'm about to tell you, it's here when the magic starts to happen. &gt;&gt; And that doesn't look that doesn't look good, Jim. And that doesn't come. &gt;&gt; The way you reduce fear is not by pretending you're tough. It's by learning how to protect yourself properly. Defense builds confidence. When you truly understand the distance, the guard, the footwork, the head movement, and your positioning, as well as being able to condition yourself so you're fit enough and you're confident enough to be able to go the distance. It's then when your brain will relax. Now, you're not going to be constantly saying, "Well, what if this happens and he does this and then this happens, he does this." You're not going to be second guessing yourself anymore because you're prepared. You kind of understand what's going to happen. And if this happens, you're going to do this because you've been working on these things in the gym that's going to help you improve. But this only works if you're consistent. You can't get great at boxing by just doing one session or watching highlight videos of your favorite fighter. It's consistently working multiple times a week on the specific things to you that will help you improve. working on the preparation and doing the things in every single training session that will help you reach your full potential to give you that confidence. And when you do this, something very powerful happens. You will see yourself getting fitter, moving better, breathing better. Your punches will flow better. You will be way harder to hit. You'll be more relaxed in training. And when you're more relaxed in training, you will be able to do more. And when you do more of the right sort of things, you are going to improve loads, my friend. Now, I want to talk about a tip that an Olympic heavyweight champion told me that helped me so much have success in boxing. It's a real game changer. But real quick, I just need to touch on one more thing that I've just been talking about, and that is your preparation. I want to say the thing that you should be working on to make sure you are the best version of yourself is the most important thing in boxing and this is your footwork. When you fix your footwork, your all round boxing game will improve. Your defense, your offense, the speed of your punches, the power of your punches, your conditioning will improve. Now, it's hard to understand what you should be working on when you've got a coach who's teaching multiple people at the same time or if you're coaching yourself. Well, I've created the Boxing Footwork Academy that is stacked with full education to help you reach your full potential, no matter what your goal is, no matter what level you're at. You can get your phone and scan here or go to boxingfitness.com/footwork. The links is below and get all the details from there. It's an absolute game changer, mate. But now, let's move on to the second thing, which is an instant game changer to help you deal with your nerves and relaxation. And this is what I learned before I went to the Olympics of Oddly Harrison who won the gold in the Sydney 2000 Olympics at heavyweight. And this is something that you do outside of the gym. Well, you actually do this in bed. And it's the most powerful thing that you can do for your mind. This is visualization, but in a specific way. Now, here's how to do it. When you're lying in bed, it could be the night before the fight. That's when I used to do it. I would lie down, take a couple of big deep breaths, and then walk through absolutely everything of the day of the fight. I'm talking about packing my bag at home before I went to the venue. And then from there, visualizing this, I'm going to the venue. I get to the venue, I see my coaches, I wrap me hands, I get ready, I go through the full warm-up in the dressing room before, then I visualize walking to the ring, the crowd shouting my name, visualize the first bell, visualize the first exchange, and visualize the fight going the way it's going to go. And I go all the way through the fight until right at the end where I win. So, I'm going through absolutely everything in my head the night before the fight. Then maybe a negative thought might come in. Well, what if he knocks me out? Or what if this happens or that happens? When that happens, when you're doing your visualization, it's then when you'll be like, I've got you, mate. Get that negative thought and throw it out. And then get back to your visualization about what you're going to do, how you're going to have success in this fight. And when you're doing this, what this is doing, it's preparing your mind for the day of the fight or the sparring session. When you come to do it, you've already done it mentally. You're not going to be shocked because you know what to expect. You've rehearsed it in your head many times. Now, this alone gives you an advantage most boxers never develop. And that's what you would do before a fight. Now, there is lots of tricks and mind games that you can play when you're in the ring or you're just about to go to the ring that you can do to give you the advantage over your opponent. I'll tell you exactly how to do all that on this video right here. But first, if you click this video here, this is going to take you through to the boxing footwork academy. Buy that, check that out, and then go click this video right here and watch this video. Two absolute game changers that will help you reach your full potential and deal with any fear that you may