Kind: captions Language: en If I told you you can turn anywhere that you are in the world into a boxing gym and a boxing arena to be able to fight anyone from around the world, you would say, "Tony Jeffies, you're absolutely crazy. That's impossible." But my friend, with this state-of-the-art technology and one of the best, if not the best video game of all time, you can do that and as well get better at boxing and as well get fitter and get in shape because this video game helped me go from this to this. Yes, it's a bloody video game. And you're going to see why. I'm about to put this on, take you inside of here with me and find a random person from around the world. I don't know if they're going to be big, short, got lots of experience, got a little experience, and then I'm going to fight them and try and knock them out. Now, even though I am an Olympic medalist, boxer, and former undefeated professional, you would think for me this game is easy, but it's not. There is things that I find myself doing inside of the game that I get punished for. And you might be thinking, well, that's stupid because you have an experience. But what tends to happen because I'm not taking a real punch in the face. I'll get sloppy. I'll drop me hands. I'll let my ego take over and think I'm going to try and knock this guy out because I'm accomplished boxer or whatever I think. And then when I make these mistakes, the person who's in front of me doesn't know who I am. They're not intimidated. When I drop my hands, boom, they hit me in the head. So, in this fight today, I'm going to really focus on good form and technique, working on footwork to move out the way of punches, to get into range, the land punches, and do some really highlevel boxing to be able to outbox the person who's in front of us. So, with all that being said, let's go inside of here together and find someone from around the world and really try and use my experience and boxing skills to beat them up. Here we go. But first things first, I've got to create a boundary because the last thing that I want to do is fall oh over this balcony into them motorbikes down there. So, as you can see right now, I want to draw this here. Don't want to hit that. Don't want to hit that. uh moving around. We go a little bit bigger. That's it. Now, what this is going to do is turn this into a boxing ring area for us when I come on to Thrill of the Fight. So, here we go. So, now you can see I'm in Thrill of the Fight game, and it's created this area. This going to be my boxing ring, keeping me nice and safe, so I'm not falling off any balconies. Even though that would get loads of views, I would probably die. So, yeah, it wouldn't be a good idea. So, now it's time to find someone to fight. Now, what this is doing, it's searching around the world for someone for me to fight. And another great thing you can do on here is you can have a private match where you can fight your friends and you can fight me, which I'll tell you how you can do that at the end of this video. One other thing that's pretty cool on here. This is me. Look, that's what I've designed myself to look like. A little bit better looking than me. But we've got to do that, right? So, I can actually change the shape of me body. If I do this, I get a bit heavier. says your body percentage fat. I don't want to be like that. Oh, click into server. Looks like we found a match. I'm going to just stick myself. Oh, we have. We found someone. Let's see how big this guy is. Oh, he's a big fella. So, this our ring area. Here we go with that total outboxing. &gt;&gt; Ready. &gt;&gt; I'm going to jab his head off. &gt;&gt; Let's fight. &gt;&gt; Touch gloves. So, I see already for the lower right hand. So, that means he's open for a lead hook. See? But before I throw that lead hook, I'm going to throw some nice jabs to keep him thinking. So, I got to work behind my nice long jab. Now, a jab is not a power shot unless you throw it and step it like this. But I'm getting some serious power into that jab. Now he's really dropping that right hand, but just leaving his chin open for my left hook. So if I go down with the body and then come up with a left hook, I get some rotation into that. I should do some power. So I'm rolling. But yeah, my target now is over his uh left hand. Here we go. I'll roll. I missed. I hit that one. Ah, too wide. He's moving his feet. So footwork is your number one defense. So if I'm moving feet, I'm not in range to get hit. There. It was the left hook. Good technique. Good technique. Left hook. Put him down. See his hands loaded in. He didn't learn his lesson from that. Want to try and get him another one. Now he's swinging. Touch gloves. No, I didn't want to. Oh, so that's it. When you're doing high level things on the game like looking for the openings like I did there. I've seen that right hand was low, left him open for that lead hook. Just like in real boxing, that's the punch that I'm going to look for. Same in the game. This guy needs to keep that hand up or same thing will happen. And if you seen, I threw a nice good technical left hook. Here it is again. If you look, I turn hips. I punch through the target and you get rewarded for this on the game. This why this can actually help you get better at boxing. &gt;&gt; Okay, round two. I spoke too much. Get &gt;&gt; ready. &gt;&gt; I'm getting tired now. &gt;&gt; Let's fight. &gt;&gt; Oh, now he's got his hand up. Look, now he's got his hand up. Now he's If he did that earlier on, I would have knocked him down, but I hit him with the body now. See, I'm looking for the gap. I'm looking for the gap. I'm going to keep hitting him in the body. That will drop his hands. So, hit him in the body. He gets sick of getting hit in the body. He'll drop his hands again. Watch. Hit him in the body. Hit him in the body. So he thinks I'm trying to keep hitting him in the body. He drop his hands. I guarantee it. Hit him in the body. Now he finally dropped that right hand. I'm going to try and hit him with this left hook over the top. Boom. And there it is. Right there. So there, keeping him thinking all the time. Going the body, going the head. Round three coming up. I'm going to try and knock him this round. I'm going to throw more punches, but I need to keep my good form and technique because often what happens when you try and knock someone out, that's when you get sloppy. That's what I don't want to do. But I can turn this place into a into a arena. Look at this with the twins there. The famous twins. &gt;&gt; Go back to M. &gt;&gt; Okay. Ready? &gt;&gt; See if he shakes me hands. &gt;&gt; Oh, he didn't. He went straight for Oh, look. He's coming for it. He realizes he's down on points. So when someone's coming to you like this, best thing to do is just step back, keep the hands up. What he's doing, he's wasting lots of energy right now cuz I'm moving to my left. If he had experience, he would be moving to his right, but he's not. He's following me around. So now he's threw lots of them punches now. He's getting a breather. [Applause] Oh, he got a good combo me there. Nice. Threw them more. Okay, here we go. Oh, see I got sloppy and I got hit and hurt. First time in the fight. I throw loads of stupid punches. I need to remind myself. Good for [Applause] keep moving me head. I keep moving me head. It makes it harder to hit. Oh, he's hit me again. He's hurt me again. This guy's putting some real pressure on me right now. A couple more clean punches from him and he could knock me down which will make the fight very close and it's the last thing I want. I really need to stop being sloppy and just move me feet and keep away from him cuz I know I'm ahead on points. So, the fight's just ended there. The guy threw the towel in and quit, which rarely happens in this game, but I'm going to tell you why he did that and show you the scores of the fight. But before I do that, I just want to tell you how you can fight me on this game. There's three things that you can do to fight me and be featured on one of my videos. The first thing is download Thrill of the Fight, who are sponsoring this video. The second thing is get yourself one of these. They are very affordable. You'll be surprised. The links below to the Metaquest website. Click that link. It'll take you straight through. Get yourself one of these. And the third thing you need to do is add me on thrill of the fight. My ad is here. Now, let's see what happened. This guy threw the towel in, which people don't normally do. Looks like I was beating him by three points and he would have had knocked me down a couple of times to get a draw or to win that fight. But the crazy thing is he hurt me a couple of times that last round. He could have actually put me down, scored that shot, but still he wasn't going to win. So, he did the coward thing and he quit. Now, what I recommend you do is watch this video and I'll show you some tips at how you can get great at playing Frill of the Fight. Click here. Watch this video