Kind: captions Language: en Oh, what? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. This is real. Hundreds of you have sent me your boxing videos to review and roast. And on this video, I'm going to be doing that. And I'm also going to be selecting a few of the worst boxes on here and giving them thousands of dollars worth of video programs to help them get better. Now, let's start with this guy right here. Okay, I see that hook to the body. So, straight away, the first thing that I notice that you do, mate, is you're throwing that hook to the body after you've threw that jab without really slipping if you are wanting to get more power into that punch. What you need to do is, oh, I wasn't expecting this, is to throw that jab and slip forward and then whoop, whip it in. But right now, if you watch that one more time, what you are doing, mate, is you, it's like a arm punch. So, there's nothing in there. And now, one more thing is when you're in this position here, and if you look at the range between you and the coach, you're kind of still at arms length. With your lead hand down, you're wide open for a right hand. Here's example what I'm talking about in a fight. Watch what this kid does here. He kind of puts his lead hand down as he going to throw whatever it is. He changed his mind halfway through it, but because his hand is down, then what watch what happens? Boom. Hit over the top. One more thing I want to pull you up on here is the finish position of that hook. If you're hooking and it's coming down round here, that means the power has went through the target and down around here, which we see there. Now, to increase that power by probably 30 40% as if you punch through that target before you pull it back to your face. So, we got Harry in his back garden. Nice stance. Feet's wide apart. I like it. Solid. Nice jab. Yeah. Oh, what was that? Let's watch that again. So, it's kind of looking like you're trying to faint, I think. But bringing this down is a bad idea. What would be much better than bringing this down here is bringing this up here. So when you are fainting, you are doing something that is more realistic because right now when you're bringing that hand down there, what that's doing is leaving you open for a right hand and it's not that realistic. Then you throw the jab and you bring it down low, but um now you're on your toes. Nice jabs, nice p nice punches. Oh, look at that. Look at him. He's feeling good. She's taking that little rest, which you cannot be doing that, Harry. You cannot be doing that, Harry, in the middle of a round, my friend. Unless there's a bunch of nice looking girls around you and you're like, "Look at me, mate. Good work." Okay, we got Sand Clap here. &gt;&gt; Come on, mate. You forget what you're doing. Oh, here we go. Here we go. &gt;&gt; So, S Clap, nice head moving. &gt;&gt; Not matter the form of the technique. Stepping in with a jab uppercut. long one two from the southpaw stance. &gt;&gt; It's actually good form. &gt;&gt; Actually good form. That hook was a bit sloppy to be honest though, mate. Let's have a little look at that again. So yeah, he's using the pivot hook, but the pivot hook was wrong. When you're throwing a pivot hook, you want to make sure the punch and the foot lands at the same time. So if you watch here, this is example of me doing it in a fight. What I'm trying to say, when you throw that pivot hook, it's important. of stepping and the punch and the foot lands at the exact same time. Then the back foot will pivot round. Boom. And it puts me in a different position. Boom. Pivot hook. I actually follow up with the right hand. So when you're working on your pivot hooks, make sure you're doing that. And stand clap. For this video, I'm going to be giving you my boxing footwork academy, which is $150. And I guarantee you this will help you improve your footwork and perfect that pivot hook. By the way, if you want me to review your boxing video on this YouTube channel, keep watching and I'll tell you exactly how I can do that. So, you got Muhammad's here, Southpaw. He's going orthodox now. Me, you've got no bloody shoes on. And you're standing on them stones. What? I'm more impressed with that than anything I've seen on this video so far. My feet hurt even when I'm just walking on bloody sand. So to see you stand on these stones and boxing. Yeah, mate. Bloody crazy. So right now you're switching southpaw going orthodox. Your form is not bad actually, mate. You kind of look like you're a bit off balance when you're throwing these punches. So I think that's cuz you're switching southpaw and orthodox. What I recommend is getting really, really, really, really good at one either southpaw orthodox before you try to switch. See, you've switched again and you've got your weight kind of over your front leg. And this bad balance is because you're not comfortable being orthodox or southpuff. Just because of your footwork on these bloody stones, I'm going to be giving you my boxing footwork academy as well. Bloody hell, this video is going to cost me a fortune. So, now we got Ahmed on the bad. Let's see what we're about here. Ahmed. Not bad, mate. But one thing I'm can see straight away, you're very tight and your punch is not coming out as smooth. Then also I want to correct you on your footwork here because you make a big common mistake that I see. Watch this. See the position of your feet right now? Because you're moving your left foot first when you're moving to your right. You're not in a position to throw a punch. If you want to be in a position to throw a punch at all times, you need to move your right foot first when you're moving right and your left foot first when you're moving left. Right here, you've did that wrong way, mate. again. You've stopped it again or you're kind of working on a little shuffle step. Let me see if you do that again. Crossing your feet again. So, you're working on the shuffle step slowly. What I would recommend you do is do it again and again and again because you did it incorrectly or you're doing it the other way. Now, when we're working on different techniques like this shuffle step that you're trying to work on now, it's important that we do it over and over again, especially when you're not doing it correctly. Right now, another thing is I'm seeing the bag is swinging around, which is great. You learn how to control that heavy bag. I've done a full video showing you how to control a heavy bag. But basically, what you want to do when you're doing this is hit the bag when it's coming back to you. See, you're putting your hand out there and stopping the bag in its tracks. Bad habits to get into. And there you've stopped taking a little breather. We can't do that. If I did that with my coach Tommy Brooks, yeah, I would have got me ass kicked, right? So, I'm going to kick your bloody ass. This is terrible. Don't stop the bag with your hand. So, for that, I'm going to be giving you $150 worth of my heavy bag boxing academy. How about that? Just because of you or stopping the bag with your hand. And I want you to stop stopping the bag with your hand. Okay, moving on. So, here we've got Luke. Lovely. Great fast hands. I love the feet. Nice pivot hook there. Yeah, this guy's obviously done quite a bit of boxing. There's not much that I can pick him up with for mistakes right now. I guess keeping your hand open while you're shadow boxing. See, his right hand's open. You want to kind of keep it in a fist position. The reason why we want to have our hand, even though it's relaxed in a fist position, is because before you throw a punch, you want to do a tight fist, then throw the punch. I'm talking minor milliseconds here, but it's going to take a little bit longer to do this than this. So, you might have that split second to throw that punch. So, I would always say get into the habits of keeping your hands relaxed like this, but in this fist position. But I'm not going to lie, I even do this sometimes as well, where it's like here, here, here, here. But one other negative thing as well, this video was very short. Anyone, including me who's 40 years old, can punch and look great for that short period of time. So, I would like to have seen the extended version of this and see if you can keep up that pace, that footwork, that hand speed, that power, that explosiveness for 3 minutes. Can you do that, Luke? Hh. Well, mate, your video was that good. You're not getting anything for free from me. Now, let's have a look at Robert. Robert. Mate. It's a 4 second video. Robert, you submitted a 4 secondond video. This tells me this is the best 4 seconds that you've ever looked in your bloody life. Me Nana can look good for 4 seconds. And in this four seconds, Robert, you're making a mistake. Watch this. You throw a jab, you're bringing your foot back. Why are you bringing your foot back? If you step back with both feet, this would have been a highle phase. You would have took your body out of range to get hit. But now you've kept your body in range because you've kept your back foot where it is and your head where it is on this line. You're wasting your time bringing that foot back. So, Robert, mate, I'm sorry to tell you, mate, but 4 seconds with one mistake. It's not looking good for you, my brother. Now, let's see if Diego's doing any better. I'm guessing Diego is the boxer here, not the Mman. Nice little combo. Mint man's really good. &gt;&gt; I enjoy them. You're looking like he's solid. &gt;&gt; Now, this is another short 13-second video. It's really hard to judge someone like fully on 13 seconds because anyone can look at 13 seconds, but I feel like there's something I seen picked up on right there. So, it's this 11 one two. See, see where the left hand is after that first jab. Your double jab, it's like a This is terrible, mate. And then your two, you're not even following through with it. What I would always teach is getting into the habit of bringing that hand back to the face. So, it's all the way out, all the way back, all the way out, all the way back, and then throw the two. When you're training this way, it's harder to throw that double jab when you've got to bring it back to your face. But when you're training the hardest way, when you are throwing a faster double jab where it might only come back 50% of the way, further than what we've just seen right there, is you're going to get more power in it. You're going to get more speed and it's going to be better because you've been training it like this. And then also with the double jab cross, this is a great combination to get serious power into that cross. You threw the one jab. You threw the two jab. As this one's coming back, really turn and drive through. Look at me on me chair. That's good, isn't it? Jab, jab. Woo. You get serious power into that. So, my friend, unfortunately, that is not the best that I've seen. Not the best 13 seconds of boxing I've seen in my life. Unlike Alexi. Let's see where we're at with Alexi in his house. He sent the kids to bed by the looks of things. Look at the toys all over. This is a better video. I like it. So, a couple of things I see straight away. I understand I don't do this all the time, but if I'm sending a video to get reviewed like this, I want to look amazing, right? So, obviously the guy's training trying hard with this video. So, I just want you to see something and that is the back foot here when he moves to his right. See, it's landing on the heel, which is a bad position to be in. Then, when his front foot follows, look at this position. He's on his front heel there. And there's a couple of problems with this. One is you can't do anything if someone attacks you from this position compared to if you're on your ball of your foot. If you're on the ball of your feet, you can move back really fast. And as well, the other thing, you're not in a position to throw a punch. You can't throw a punch when you've got your heel on the floor like that. If you think you can, try it and tell me how you get on. I like that. I like it. Some faints there. Look, he's in the house. He's looking out a bloody window and he's still fainting. This is what we need to do. Get into good habits by fainting all the time. Keeping the person in front of you thinking even though there's no one in front of him, he's still doing that. Keeping his hands up nice though. Nice little jab the body there. Really turning into that right hand. Getting power in. I can see this guy can punch hard. That was a lovely little jab. Step back. Oh, he's moving his feet now. Now he's getting warmed up. Come on, Alexi lad. You've got this. Come on. Oh, there's a body shot. Oh, nice 21. Oh, nice 21 that lovely jab. Lovely jab. That's it on the jab. Get him. Nice. Yeah, Alexi is definitely winning this shadow boxing round. I like it. And Alexi, I'm going to help you get better foot. Oh, mate. Let's see that again. That was a lovely double jab, too. Watch this. Boo. Even though the hand was out a little bit too far, like I've just been saying the last video, but I'm not bothered. Alexi, great work, my friend. I'm not going to watch this long full video, but what I am going to say is I'm going to send you my boxing footwork academy to help you with that movement side to side. So, now we got Kellen. Look how fast he is. &gt;&gt; Sure. Now, I've got some great things for him to work on. But before I go to I just want to say to you, would you like me to review your boxing training video on this YouTube channel? If so, the link is below this video. Click that link and I'll tell you how to send us a video so I can review it on my YouTube. You can also go to tonyjffereies.com and apply there for me to review your video. Okay. Thon Mckllen. So, this guy is really fast. I like his footwork. [Music] The pad man, paddle man is very good as well. Holding them things is pretty hard. But the one thing what I'm not seeing from my guy here, Kellen, even though he's very sharp moving his feet, is any faints. That's a lovely pivot hook. Lovely speed and very impressive if I may say so. Now that's a hard combo to throw that one, two uppercut. Ba bam. &gt;&gt; Now, the only thing for my guy to work on right here is some faints moving in between the punches. Cuz in between the punches, he's just standing in one space. Look, his head is in one space right here. There's no head moving. Right now, if I'm in front of him with the head not moving right there, I'm throwing punches straight down the center, straight down that pipe. But other than that, very impressive. Do you want to see some of the worst sparring on the internet? If you click here and watch this video next, I take a look at some terrible, terrible sparring.