Kind: captions Language: en Oh, he's beating this poor girl up. Some coaches need to be going to jail. Even though that coach hasn't got a clue about boxing. Oh, mate. On this video, I'm going to be reacting to some of the craziest boxing videos on the internet. Starting with this one right here. Sneaky footwork. Close the distance. Watch this. Oh, squat. Oh, then he lands and puts him out. Wow, that's impressive. Now, what else is impressive other than that little squat right there, which we see, which is putting the guy off, but also he's got his foot on the outside of the other guys, putting him on that straight line for that big left hand. And here it is. Boom. And that guy didn't know what was coming. What's Bro training for? Oh my god. Oh, this is hurting my hands just bloody watching the thing. Listen to the sound of that. Now, you might think, well, he's going to puff his hands up, but it'll not. All it takes is a little micro fracture in one of the knuckles and he can't box anymore. Oh, the big guy's going for it. The little guy comes firing back. Look at that. I love it. Shadow box is now losing. He's losing, mate. Keep your hands up. Oh, solid. Oh, he's gone. He's out like a light. That was a great right hand, but look what the first guy did. He kind of was going to throw a jab and he was hesitant and then he brought his left hand down, which is the worst thing you can do. Now, his opponent sees that in the split second and he throws a perfect right hand on the side of his face, turns his hips, gets his body weight behind that punch, and then the guy's lights is unfortunately out for him. Oh, this guy, I've seen him before. Watch the power in this left hook. If you watch how much weight he puts on that front foot, then he really twists his body into it, brings the front heel off the ground, and boom, smashes that bag. It's like a game of hitting them in the body until one of them quits. But the guy in the middle, he's taking twice as many punches as the other two. I wonder if he realizes &gt;&gt; Oh. &gt;&gt; Oh, man. whipping them in and then we've got a winner. Oh, now this is crazy. People do this stuff for the clicks. Oh, mate. Oh, that's got to split your bloody head open. If boxing's not hard enough getting punches coming at you, trying to sit by the way with a kettle bell, you're getting blasted in the bloody head. I've actually done a full video showing you how to do this drill, but wearing a boxing glove, not a bloody kettle bell, my friend. Sweet. Oh, what's that defense? Oh my god, look at that. He's breathing in for his defense. Surely that's a setup, but I love it. Prison boxing. Yeah, mate. Do what you've got to do in that jail cell. But, uh, yeah, I hope he comes out of jail and is a new man and he's not going to use his new boxing skills on some random person. That's my worry about that. The worst fixed fight in boxing history. &gt;&gt; What's going on there? He's hitting him in the &gt;&gt; What? &gt;&gt; What? Let's watch that again. So, the guy in the black shorts is got no power when he's punching. He looks like a big guy. And the other guy is like hitting him in the shoulders and body and he hits him with a weak left hook and he's down. &gt;&gt; It's back at him. Oh, that wasn't even a puncher hand. Wait, what? Look at that guy's chest and his shoulders. Looks like he's got breast implants. I've got no idea what's going on here. Maybe this guy's disabled. If so, I apologize for what I just said. But look at his shoulders and his and his arms. Yeah, if that's a legit proper fight. It's absolutely ridiculous. But if you know what's going on here, please let me know in the comments below because just look at his chest and his arms. &gt;&gt; Don't do it like that. Don't do it like that. Oh yes. Look at that guy. Millie me right on Instagram throwing these little combos. Yeah, I'm all for that, man. Look at the confidence of this kid. Yeah, good on him. 15year-old Mike Tyson destroying a 25year-old. &gt;&gt; Representing region number one, 15year-old Mike Tyson. &gt;&gt; Couple of things. Why is a 15-year-old fighting a 25-year-old? And why is there an announce? &gt;&gt; Look at Mike Tyson moving his head. Oh, he's he's knocked him down. He's knocked him out already within the first few seconds. [Applause] [Music] &gt;&gt; You watch again. Look at his footwork. Look at his footwork. He's stepping both ways. Kind of comes in with his head there. Moving his head. Defense is unbelievable. Footwork's unbelievable. Hits him with a right hook, then a left hook. Good night. Guess if you were a 15year-old, you wouldn't want to fight him. Not even a 20-year-old wants to fight him. Man versus woman. Oh, he's making her work. This is another one of them videos that looks way worse than it is because the guy's hardly hitting the female here and obviously she knows boxing. She's boxing back uh and he's not hitting her hard. So, I can see why this has went viral. But at the same time, yeah, it's it's not not a big deal. Oh, this bloody idiot. If you're on social media, I'm sure you've seen this stupid bloody trainer. He's hitting these boxes in the face. Now, this is terrible for a number of reasons. Number one is you're going to do long-term damage on your boxes. And number two, your boxers are putting trust in you as a coach to be able to help them. Now, what happens when you're getting hit in in the head? This slows down your brain receptors which decreases your reaction time. Now, if your reaction time is decreased, what's going to happen when you go to sport? Well, you're going to get hit more. So, by him doing this stupid training method for clicks on social media and idiots like me, you know, giving them publicity, he's hurting these poor lads. And these poor lads don't know any different because they've put the trust in the bloody coach, as you should as a boxer. But not that guy. Size doesn't matter. Little man can bang. Oh, mate. Look at the power in that. Let's watch it one more time. He steps out with his lead foot overhand. Right. Boom. The guy is out like a bloody light. Now, one way he's getting so much power is by stepping with that lead foot and getting his full weight behind the punch. I wasn't expecting that. Oh, nice face by the little guy in the red. Wow, that's some good defense. Oh, now it's full speed. Very nice. Wow, good little exchange there. Both of them displaying high level defense at that young age. Describe this training. Absolutely bloody terrible. Now, these guys are probably getting inspiration for other knobheaded earlier on that we've seen. And they think like, "Oh, look, I'm tough. Oh, I'm going to get stronger. I'm going to show people like on social media. I can take a punch." But you bloody cannot take a punch. Can you? You bloody idiot. Stop, man. Turn this off. Oh, look at this. It looks way worse than it is. We've got the girl holding her hands behind there as if she's not letting her do what she wants to do and escape. Then the other guys skimming her with pretty weak body shots and it looks way worse than it is. This is why this has went viral. Punch had him shook. Oh, overhand right again and his legs has just gone. Why is the referees look counting, mate? Why is the referee still counting? This guy's gone. Look at that. And his brain's been shook around his score and the poor guy is concussed. That might take a few years off his life to be honest. Oh, lead uppercut. And the guy got knocked out off that or knocked down. Wow. Probably the hardest punch to throw and land and knock someone out with is the lead uppercut. I'm not a fan of what he done after though with a little dance and a little twerk. But each to their own. Mate, that was a peach of a body shot from the taller guy. And if you've ever been hit with a hard body shot, you'll know just like this. Sometimes it takes a couple of seconds for that pain to kick in. Then when the pain does kick in, oh man, it's horrible. Oh, so I've been sent this video quite a few times. And my response to this is going to surprise a few people. You got women here in what looks like a &gt;&gt; hotel conference room back in 199. &gt;&gt; She's got a denim skirt on there. I think they're all women. And they got a coach there. &gt;&gt; All the way up and all the way down. &gt;&gt; All the way up. All the way down. All the way up. All the way down. Now, here's my thoughts on this. I'm all for this. These women right here would not be doing this sort of training in a regular boxing gym. Do you know why? Because they wouldn't go. They haven't got the confidence to go. If these women right here are getting a good workout, which looks like they're getting an actual workout, they are moving their bodies. It's the work on the mind and they're gaining confidence. Who are we? And I'm talking about the people who post this making fun of them. Who are we to take that away from them just because they're not real boxing with real good form and technique? I'm all for this. What I'm not for is people making fun of them. Even that coach hasn't got a clue about boxing. What's she doing? No, I'm being serious though. I'm all for it. Oh, poor guy. Now, if you want to see the worst boxes on the internet, click here and watch this video next. You're going to love this. Just click here.