Kind: captions Language: en So many people have used the link underneath this video to send me videos of them training in boxing. And what I'm about to do is give them some constructive criticism as well as boost their boxing form and technique. And I'm also going to do something different on this video that I've never done before. The worst boxer on here is not only going to get thousands of dollars worth of video programs from me, but also I'm going to personally work with that person reviewing videos going backwards and forwards to help them get better at boxing. And I'm going to be curious to see if you agree with the person who I pick at the end of this video. Now, let's get started with this guy right here. So, we've got James here with a black and white video. Now, straight away, mate, you threw a one, two, and I don't know where you throwing that one, too. Like, who you fighting? A kid, like as a child. Your your back hands went there. And then look where it returns to. See that? Wow. Even went down like as if you're putting your hand in your pocket. Like, look at that. What What's the back hand doing there, mate? Eh, come on, James. You're sending me this to review. We need to up these standards, my friend. Again, you're punching way too low, mate. You need to punch your head height on the bag. Now, I know it's only a bat, but we always want to be punching our head height because if you were in the ring with an opponent, chances are they're your weight. They're going to be around your head height. So, that's where we need to be punching, not down here where we're fighting like a kid. And then again, you did you did the game, my friend. You're bringing your hands way too low after you've threw them punches. Now, a quick thing you can do here, and anyone watching this, what you can do when you are boxing is focus on one technique for one round at a time. So, for example, James here now, he knows this what I'm telling him. He should be focusing on a full round of just bringing his hands back to his face. And then the next round, he should be focusing on punching the bag. He's head height, unless he was throwing body punches, which he's not doing right there. And then another thing is the feet. Like there, we brought the feet straight together there. We need to keep the feet apart, being on the balls of the feet as well. And then I like the head moving. I really do. But you can't be in range moving your head like this when you're at your level. If Roy Jones Jr. has submitted me a video and he's in range moving his head right now. I'd be like, "Yeah, mate, you can get away with that." But unfortunately, James, at this point in your boxing career, you are not Roy Jones Jr., you are James. So, James, got some things to work on there, my friend. And so far, you're going to win these programs with me. We've got Jim. Now, before I see Jim, I've got a feeling that this is going to be old guy on Yes, Jim. &gt;&gt; And then we're going to &gt;&gt; And then we're going to kick some ass. &gt;&gt; Oh, we're going to kick some ass. Looking forward to seeing this. Oh my god. That's it. That's the video. But I know. Oh, Jim, I was looking forward to seeing this and I've See, you got your old school boxing mitts on. What? What are these? Joy boxing mitts. Let's have a little look at these. Joy boxing mitts. They're joy. There them like the must be the new ones. Let's do like a 19 90 cuz them are old, mate. Yeah. No, I can't find them. Jim's had them gloves for 37 years, I think. Come on, Jim. Send me a better one, man. Use that link below. Send me a better video than that. I looking forward to seeing you. Okay, let's move on. Kenan. Oh, now we're talking, my friend. Now we are talking. Punching that bob thing all over the place. Got your hands up high. Nice. But a couple of things. What stand out right now is your elbow positions, mate. You look shorter than me from this video because you're a similar height of Bob on there and Bob's put down. That's how I know. Now, Kenan, if you're in front of me like this with them elbows up high, you guess what's coming. I'm going to jab you up there knowing the guard here. Boom. And then you what you going to do? You're going to put your hands up higher again. I'm going to jab you up there again. Then what I'm going to do, I'm going to faint it, mate. I'm going to hit you so hard like like so hard in the midsection that you're not going to be able to get up for like a long time, mate. Because look how high them elbows are. So, first thing, mate, keep them elbows in. Keep them keep them down. Okay, now moving on. You're punching fast, my friend. I like it. You're moving your feet in and out. You're keeping your feet apart. Good. These are arm punches, right? Watch here. These are arm punches. So, what do I mean by arm punches? Well, your body is in one place and your arms is just working like this. We need to turn our hips. If you turn into these punches, mate, they'll be good. The reason why I feel like you're doing this is because obviously you're just looking for speed rather than technique. But when we are boxing training, if we work more on technique and then we can develop speed. And what's happening right now is you're focusing on speed and you haven't got good technique. So that's why we need to pull it back and slow it down. Because if we can't do something correct slowly, we can never do it correctly fast. But mate, you've got speed in your punches. You've got that good footwork in and out. And you've absolutely punching Bob's little head in. So overall, good work. Keep them elbows in. Turn the hips and slow it down. For God's sake, mate. For God's sake. Moving on. We've got Finn here. Oh, Finn. Finn. Finn. Finn. Finn. Finn. Finn. Finn. Now, I'm going to tell you what I like, and I'm going to tell you what you need to switch up. I like this here. I actually really, really like this here. Watch what you do with your hands. Here. Here. Boom. Boom. Hands up. Moving. feeling keeping the person in front of you thinking lovely highlevel stuff high level stuff but what I don't like is just about everything else just kidding well basically so look what punch are you throwing right there is that a jab or is it a a hook straight forward cuz a jab is a is a straight punch a hook is a bent arm punch now you're throwing a hook jab it's a bent arm punch but you're throwing like a jab right and then also can you see what else I'm noticing right now well where's this hand down here so you're throwing this dodgy jab, which has got no power in it, by the way. And you've got your other hand down there. And then I'll play this. And then you throw a little combination like look where your hands are, mate. I know we training here for fitness maybe, but come on, faint son. You're getting smashed in the head right now, right? Bring them hands back to the face. Don't rush stuff. You're rushing everything right now. You've got a good f. And it's it's funny because some people have great form, like some of the guys earlier on in the video, really nice, and they're not doing enough of this. We got Finn here doing the opposite. So, he's doing enough of this, but he's not doing the basics right. Getting warmed up. Looking a little bit better now, apart from that right hook. The body doing some head movement as well, which I like. Your chin is high there. Moving your head down with your chin up there, mate. It's a recipe for disaster. So, Finn might be the one who's winning this program up now. So, what do you guys think? Is James winning now or is is Finn winning? It's funny. The worst boxer wins. Yeah. Tapping down the body there. Keep looking at the camera. Okay, let's move on. Nice. What was that, mate? What was that, Oliver? Okay, let me see. Oh, you got the dumbbells. Shadow box some with the dumbbells. I like it. Good job. Now, one thing I'm very impressed with right now with Oliver, he's got them socks on this slidy floor. Now, your back foot just slid a little bit there. So hard to shadow box on a slidy floor with socks on, especially with dumbbells. Nice jab, but it looks like Oliver, what you're doing, you're jabbing and it's going across. It's It's going across there. When you're jabbing, you should be jabbing right down the pipe. This is a 31 minute video. Oh, let's fast forward this a little bit, mate. He's on the push-ups as well. Come on. All right, let me see some more. I want to see some boxing. Stepping and punching, moving around, doing a nice shadow boxing workout. Burning a ton of calories with them dumbbells. I like it. Now he's dropping the dumbbells. Boxing form is not not too bad actually for what he's doing. Now he's doing pull-ups off off whatever that is. Oh, wow. What a guy. What a guy. So, we got Alex here. Solid jab. Solid one, two. Nice punches to the body. Nice punches to the head. Bit wild with them body punches there, mate. That last one was pretty wild. See here. Yeah, I'm I'm not mad at it, but it's it's pretty wild. If someone was covering up and you throw them punches, boom, boom, boom. Kind of would work. Punching hard, going the body, going the head. But mate, you sent me a 13 second video. You're looking strong and powerful and sharp for 13 seconds. Anyone can look sharp for 13 seconds. Maybe not Finn, but anyone can look sharp for this amount of time. So, come on. I need a longer video, my friend. So, now we've got a castle here. It's called Castle. Tall Southpole. Nice. Nice head movement. Lovely. One, two. Stepping back. Good power. Dodgy pivot there like look. So, you're here. So the position of the bag, you're kind of pivoting and it looks like the bag is the other side of you. So when we're pivoting, we need to keep that bag in front of us. The pivot's actually really nice. What I would prefer you to do is punch the bag so it swings. Then when it's coming to you, step that lead foot out and then pivot the back foot around. But no, it's good. Solid punches with that nice left hand. Got some power there. Moving the head. The I don't know what punch that was. Let me have a little look at this. So it's like a you throw your lead hand there. It's like a jab hook. &gt;&gt; Lovely. One, two. Uh, yeah. I mean, there's not much that I can really f you on here. If I would have to f you on something, it would be a little bit more head moving before and after and some faints. And as well, I guess right there, you're coming like really close to the bag and you're not working with your double jab there, mate. Um, that was a little bit short. I would like you to use your advantage, which is your long arms, your reach, and really pull it out. you're you're kind of not using it. And then you do that pivot again, but this time the bag is swinging, which is good. But what I would like to see here is when you're doing the pivot, you're stepping on your heel, right? If you step on your toe, you will be able to whip that back foot around and that will leave you in the position to throw them punches straight away. But because you're doing heel toe here, like you see, and you're dragging that foot, and now you're like in a square on position right now, and then you reset and throw the punches, you will be way better off if you land on that toe. But overall, mate, good punching. That left hand is solid. I like it. I would like to see some more defensive moves, but no, mate. Overall, well done. Now we've got Angelo here moving head. Nice fast punches. Good job. Solid work. Yeah, overreaching a little bit there, but with the speed of the punches, I'm not too mad at it, right? I'm not too mad at it. So, yeah, I'll I'll give you that one. And then there there was not much rotation with the punch. Now, it's hard for me to really see from this angle because the camera is down on the floor and it's kind of coming up. And if you guys submit your videos to me using that link below, I want to see like a better angle so I can really review this. Now, when I've paused the video right there and see your back foot is off the ground when you're throwing a jab. You've got no reason to have that back foot off the ground when you're throwing that jab. You know, if anything, you should be bringing the weight back slightly to get more power in that punch. But you're punching strong, mates, and I like it. And you got some speed there. You're moving your head, which is good. And most people don't move their head. Now, another thing I've noticed is you're really loading these punches up there. If you look what you're doing, you're like kind of pulling the jab back and really stepping in with it. Now, because right now you're fast on the video, it's hard to see this on the video, but when you're in the ring, if you are going in the ring and you are loading that punch up, especially with a high level fighter, straight away I can read what you're about to do and that jab will miss, even if it is really fast cuz you're loading it up. So, I would try not to load it up as much and forget about the power and try and get the technique and then the power will come. So, yeah, another decent video, mate. So, we got Marvel here. What's that clock? That clock is so offputting. Why would you need to listen to that when you're training? Yeah, man. That clock's too loud. It's doing me in, mate. I'm not going to review this. I'm going to move on to the next one. Send me another one that link below. and uh without that cling that click that clicking noise and we'll we'll sort out. We got John here on the mits smashing punches in. Solid. Your mit man's good as well. I like the mit man. Good jab. Good power without punches there. Lovely. That's a great combination. I love that guys. If you do boxing train, you should try this combo right here. He's throwing a lead hook follow by by a back hand and he's stepping with it as well. So watch. Boom. Lead hook. And because he's stepping with that lead hook and then putting his weight behind the back hand, the power that he's getting in that is is like crazy. Yeah, I highly recommend you give that combo a try. Boom. Watch. I'll show you that one more time. Boom. Boom. Lovely combination, mate. What's the coach doing? He's like, looking around during your session, move on your feet. Good. Solid punches. Yeah, I haven't got much to really see on there. You're on the mids with a good trainer. 10 out of 10 for that. So, we've got Irvin here. Looks like he's in a basement wearing his pajama bottoms on his heavy bag. So, that's got a lovely job. Nice sharp jab. You can hear the snapping it. Bringing the hands back to face after each punch. Lovely. I would like to see a little bit more rotating on that right hand. We see it here. The one, two. Here it is. So, if that's a fully extended right hand, we're not getting any power in that at all. It's just touching it. And now you're throwing lots of punches, but we're not really rotating again there with that right hand. I know you're throwing a one, two hook, so I'll let you off that one. But yeah, nice speed. There's no head moving, which we want to add in there. You know, getting used to moving the head before and after punches. Yeah, I think this is pretty solid work to be honest. I would like to also see some stepping and punching. So, your feet is very static and you're not really stepping and punching and getting that more weight behind the punch. Now, you are dropping the lead hand like here and the kind of bag it's moving away. So, I'll let you off that. But, yeah, you're bringing it back low. If you before the jab and you think about low here, you're open for that overhand ride. But no, mate, good work. I'm sure you'll not be winning them prizes. But well done. Oh, little Carlos giving it the big in his back garden with a swimming pool where he's uh bravo bag. Now, this is absolutely terrible footage. I can't stand it when I get footage like this. How can I review your boxing if I can't see you? What's the most important thing in box? Footwork, right? I can't see your feet. Guys, when you submit your video to me, please make sure I can see your feet. Now I see Mush is punching hard. He's loading up on every punch. Then you stop on the bag. Why are you stopping the bag? Now here's a little scenario for you. Right, we're in the ring sparring. YOU THROW THEM HARD punches like you've just threw there. I've blocked them on the gloves and I'm thinking, "Oh, this guy punches hard." Then you do this, mate. You're getting sparked, mate. You're getting sparked. We need to get into good habits. Yes, I know we're on the bag and then the bag's not hitting us back. But you need to get into good habits and better habits in your all of your training rather than just blasting six punches then for a little rest. You are punching hard, but when you are punching as well, you're kind of leaving you're leaving your chin up a little bit as well. Look at this. But you're dropping your hands, should I say, which is exposing your chin. Don't bring them back to the face, especially if you're inside in close like that. But Carlos, tell you what I want to do for you, my friend. I want to give you my footwork program for free. This is a program that's absolutely stacked with all of the different footwork drills that you can do to improve your punching ability and it's going to really benefit you. So yeah, I'll send you that mate. The worst boxer on this who I see was given effort who's going to win my shadow boxing academy, my footwork academy. He's going to win my heavy bag academy. He's also going to get videos from me helping him personally on what to work on where he will send me a video, I will send him one back, he will send me another one and so on to make him an absolute killer. And that person is Finn. So, well done, Finn. And guys, if you want me to review your video, that link is below.