Kind: captions Language: en Virtual reality boxing is absolutely massive now. I actually love putting the headset on and having a virtual reality fight. But is it as hard as real boxing training? Well, today I've got my heart rate monitor on and I'm going to measure just how much calories I will burn in a 30inut boxing session. And then tomorrow, I'm going to get my VR headset on, put my heart rate monitor on again, fight a few strangers from around the world, and knock them out and see which one burns more calories. Real boxing or virtual reality boxing. And my real boxing training session is about to start right now. So, I'm starting off round one with a warm-up on the training dummy. And if you've ever played Frill of the Fight virtual reality boxing, you will see they have a training dummy just like this, which I'll be warming up on tomorrow. I can really feel my heart rate starting to elevate just after 1 minute. Boxing is a full body workout. As you can see, I'm using my full body right now as I hit this training dummy. Round one down. Time to get in the ring and start real boxing. So, first round, we're going to start hitting the mits. Now, this is obviously different to virtual reality boxing as my punches are landing on something, whereas in VR boxing, you're only punching fresh air even though it does feel like you're really hitting someone. So, here's what I'm going to do now. Six threeinut rounds. The first three I'm going to be hitting the focus mits. Then I'm going to spar with Bodrick. He's a pretty high level fighter himself. He's going to put some gloves on and we're going to beat each other up. Well, I'm going to try and beat him up. First round in the ring down. My heart rate is around 170 beats a minute after my first round in the ring. Burning these calories. Five more rounds to go. There's something really satisfying about hitting the mits. This is actually the most enjoyable part of boxing [Music] training. Put a double cross on there. So now we're turning this up a little bit. We're going to do some sparring, but not headpoint sparring. Just probably I can't speak. I'm tired. Burning calories. So, now it's time to spar. But what we're doing here is called shoulder and body sparring. This is the most realistic physical boxing training that you can do without being punched in the face. Well, that was until virtual reality boxing came along. What you're going to see later on in this video, you can get very competitive with this. But as you're going to see when I do the virtual reality, that gets just as competitive. [Music] Good. That's better. Now I've got someone in front of me. Now we're going on the hardest 182. Now we're burning some serious calories. If you do boxing training, I highly recommend that you find someone that you can do shoulder and body sparring with. It's a great workout and a lot of fun. Now we got the last round coming up. Let's go. 3 minutes. The last 3 minutes of this 30-minute boxing session. Then you're going to see me in virtual [Music] reality. That was a great session, but I'm absolutely wrecked. Boxing training is the best. Do you think I'll get this tired after doing my virtual reality training? We're going to find out. It's good. Got me my heart rate up to 190 there. So, what I'm going to do now, I'm going to leave the heart rate monitor on for another 20 minutes cuz my body will continue to burn calories after the workout. So, 20 more minutes, then I will see my final result. In the meantime, you're going to see me fight and knock out some strangers on VR boxing right now. The next day, I've got my VR headset ready. I've got my heart rate monitor on to count me calories. And now I'm going to fight some stranger from around the world and try and knock him out. But first, I've got to turn me living room into a boxing gym. Now, this is easy thanks to Thrill of the Fight state-of-the-art technology, virtual reality. [Music] Watch. Just like that. Now, I'm ready to enter the boxing gym. Now, look at this. My living room is now a bloody boxing gym. How amazing is this? We got the boxing ring over there. We got the training dummy over there where I'm about to hit. We got the sofa there where I'm not going to be sitting on in the kitchen. Got the situp bench, the dumbbells, and everything that you need. But all I really need is these bloody hands. All right, so first round on the training dummy. Here goes. Just like I warmed up in the real gym yesterday, my first round of VR boxing is warming up on the training dummy. When you've got this headset on, it's really surprising just how realistic it feels when you're throwing punches and you can hear them land. And as well on the side there, I can see the force of each punch. And also, I can see the weak point. So, if I hit someone in the chin, you can see the chin. If I hit them in the arm, it's there's no weak points here. I'm not hitting the weak points. If I hit them in the temple. Well, I never hit the temple there. Temple right, temple right. So, it's great. It's measuring my accuracy. Temple left, chin, nose. Okay, liver. Oh, liver. Give me them livers. Oh, I love that. My heart rate's up to 143 beats a minute. [Music] I'm moving me feet around. Oh, 3 minutes down. Okay, now it's time to fight someone. I'm in the Aussie Discord server now and I've got someone that wants to fight me. So, I'm going to start a custom match, right? I'm going to do six rounds like I'm doing in the gym. So now I'm about to fight Latchlan 88 99. I'm about to knock him spark out. At least I'm going to try. Here he goes. Now watch this. It's going to turn my living room into a fight arena. Oh, look at that. We've got spectators all watching. Wow. Now there's my guy there. Oh, he's pretty. He's waving. Okay, get ready. He's pretty big. Got a beard shaking hands. Okay, let's go big further. As you can see from the start, this is very realistic. And one of the things I love about this game is the harder I hit my opponent, making sure I've got good form and technique, the more damage it does to him. I can use my boxing IQ from my boxing days to be able to beat up my opponent. That's how realistic this is. As you can see, when I drop my hands like I did there, I'm going to get punished for it, just like what would happen in real boxing. So that's why you've got to really focus on this game or you will get beat. [Applause] Whoa, my heart is racing now. This is a hard fight. I'm throwing some absolute bombs right now trying to hit them and move move me feet. I think I've got them hurt. Yes, I have. Oh, I put him down. I'm exhausted. Come out. I had to take my shoes off so I got a better grip on the floor. I'm sliding now. Round one's down. Round two. I'm going to knock this guy out. I'm sick of messing around. Let's do it. Now, my heart rate's high. 178 beats. That's just after one round. Round number two. Okay, get ready. Fight. I'm really going to have to pick it up this round. My editor cut it out, but I got knocked down in that last round as well, so it was pretty even. And we've still got five rounds to go. [Applause] [Music] Tell you what, this is hard because I'm competitive. I don't want to lose. Now, that's the end of round two. By the end of round three, I plan on knocking this guy out. No more messing around. No more mistake I hit. Nice guy. I'm going to knock him out. Just you watch. Round three. Okay. Ready? Come on, big fella. Let's go. [Applause] This guy's coming on really strong now. He's absolute savage. As you can see, when the screen flashes gr like this, this means he's just hurt us. I'm not going to give up. Hey, [Music] stop. I need to sit down. I'm only halfway through and I'm tired. They say your maximum heart rate is 220 minus your age. I'm 40 years old now, so my maximum heart rate should be 180 beats a minute. My Kevin heart rate is at 183 beats a minute right now. That's how much I'm pushing at this round number four. Oh, the crowd's going wild. The guy here in the green seems like he's cheering for him. Why they all facing him, guys? Where me? Seconds out. Look on me. Get ready. Oh, round four. Let's fight. How good is this? He end up knocking me down a couple of times in that round because I was getting tired and I was getting sloppy. Stop. Stop. Four down, two go. Looks like he's sitting down as well. He's tired as well. Come on. Two rounds left. It's a close fight. I'll let what you guys think in the comments below. Who's winning after four rounds? Let's go. So, I got my left hand low. I throw that one behind, guys. Oh, he's going for it. He's going for it. Latchy boy. [Applause] Oh, what? Left hook to the body. Are you joking me? This guy was throwing some bombs inside there and he put me down with a body shot, which was great. But now I'm getting so tired and I'm getting sloppy. You can see I'm throwing sloppy punches all the time. Just looking for them sloppy hooks. I need to get a breather. Five rounds down. At the end of this fight, I'm going to tell you how you can fight me and maybe be on one of my videos as well. So, make sure you hang around till the end of this video to see how you can fight me on Phil of the Fight Boxing Game. Last round coming up. This big guy's a beast. Punches hard. He's fit. Sounds pretty fit. Ready? Knock it. Okay. Get ready. Last round, mate. Give me Well done. Well done, son. Well done, son. Don't eat the jab, though. You eat that jab. Eat that job. Eat two more jabs. [Music] time. Well done, my friend. Come and give me a hug. Give me a hug. Ladies and gentlemen, your winner is Oh, the red corner. He destroyed me. Boom. Next time is I let him win for the video. how it went up to the 190s. Now, this is different. I'm competitive. Very competitive. Like, you're probably competitive. Now, when I'm doing the shoulder sparring, I get competitive in the gym, but not competitive like we can here. Now, after my 30 minutes of real boxing and then 23 minutes of rest after, I've burnt 748 calories in that time doing my real boxing training. Now, let's see how many I've burnt doing my virtual reality session. After my 30 minutes virtual reality fight plus 23 minute rest, I have burnt 791 calories from the virtual reality boxing. And what's interesting, this Morpheus app tells me that I was in the red zone with my maximum heart rate of four times longer than I was when I was doing my real boxing session. So there it is. I've just burnt more calories in a virtual reality boxing session using one of these than I did in a real boxing gym with a real boxing trainer. Now, if you want to fight me on Thrill of the Fight, there's three things that you've got to do. Number one is add me. But to add me, you've got to do number two, which is get Thrill of the Fight game. And to get through the fight gear, you've got to do number three, which is get yourself one of these headsets, which are very affordable from the Meta website. And to get one of these headsets, you can click the link below and go through to the Meta website. But what I recommend you do now is click here and watch me fight a real knockout artist in the fight. Click here and watch this video