Kind: captions Language: en Ooh, this is absolutely ridiculous, mate. Ooh, is that blood coming out of his face or his nose? No, this is not right. Can you believe this? &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; What did he try to do there? On this video, I'm going to be going over some of the most viral boxing videos on the internet that I'm sure will blow your mind starting with this one right here. Ooh, what a left hook that was. Is that blood coming out of his face or his nose? So, he's leaning to his left and then throwing that left hook. But, he's leaning back as well. And when you're leaning back like this, it doesn't really get that power in the punch normally, but this guy really has and you can see he's punched through the target and that's what's getting all that power in the punch and he's really rotating into it. He leans over to his left, brings that arm all the way back, then boom. And it's good night. Oh, mate, what's this guy doing? Wow. Oh, he comes back for more. Now, if you're fighting an opponent and he's just taking your hardest punches, cuz you see the guy in the white shorts here, he's throwing his hardest punches and landing on the chin. Now, Mr. Muscle there just walks through them and comes back. So, is that a good tactic? Absolutely not, my friend. That is stupid. This guy will end up with CTE. I would be surprised if he doesn't slur his words when he speaks. Ooh, he's hit the referee. The referee's fuming. He's fuming. But, if you see that again, that's kind of the referee's fault. Like, why is the referee trying to break the fight from behind and he's got his head next to this guy's head and then boom. He takes a big right hand. I'll tell you what though, that referee didn't have to take the punch. Good. Nice chin, ref, but it's your own fault, mate. How I think I look. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; This is how I actually look. It's funny, if you've ever recorded yourself training, I was training the other day doing combinations and I felt like I was going so fast. And then when I watched it back &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Yeah, this looks actually fast when I watch it on video, but when I was in there, I thought I felt like I was way faster. But, I'm 40 years old, so that's my excuse. These guys are younger. How a mouth guard works. When taking a hit to the jaw, an upper mouth guard can save your upper teeth and ease the impact, but it leaves the lower jaw more exposed. Right, I've got something great to tell you about this. A full mouth guard absorbs the hit better, spreading it across the entire jaw, reducing the &gt;&gt; Yeah, but you can't really breathe in one of them if you fight with one on the floor. Though, it may make breathing [music] more difficult. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I just said that. Now, I'll show you my mouth guard that I used for the Olympics. So, this is the exact mouth guard that I used in the Olympics and this is combined between both upper and lower, but you can still breathe. We went in and got our mouths measured and this took like a couple of weeks to make. But, as you might be able to see there, it's thicker at the back part than the front part. So, when I put it in, I can bite down and it's keeping my jaw all aligned, but there's a little gap in the front. So, I can still breathe as well. I don't know if they still do these, but yeah, this was great. Ooh, hit him on the temple and the guy's gone. Look at his legs. And he's waving them in saying, "Come on." Ooh, you can see his legs are still gone there. Heavyweight boxing is dangerous. Ooh, and he's countered with a left hand right and this guy is looks like he's out. Now, the referee could have easily stopped that fight when his legs have gone there, but great refereeing cuz he must have been able to see in that fighter's eyes when his legs have gone like this that he's still got something left in him. And then out of nowhere, boom. Wow. Oh, he's got the head moving. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Slip, slip, slip, slip, slip. Boom. Left hook, right hook, left hook, right hook. Boom. And he just turns his back. What a guy. Perfect gloves for light sparring. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Look at them metal gloves. Oh my goodness. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Boom. I want to actually try them gloves and smash anything with. But, there's times when I've been in gyms and, you know, people have got 16 oz gloves on, but they're really small 16 oz gloves. Just because it says 16 oz, doesn't mean they're bloody 16 oz. Boxing versus MMA. No, mate. Look at the boxer kicking ass here, but No, this is not right. Boom, lovely overcut by the boxer. So, right now you see the boxer winning, but what would happen when a boxer would fight an MMA is this. We seen James Toney, one of the best fighters ever in my opinion, went into a MMA match against Randy Couture, who was one of the best UFC guys at the time. And if you think a MMA fighter is going to stand and box with a boxer, no, definitely not. Best thing for the MMA fighter to do is take the boxer down. So, the MMA fighter has just got to avoid that one punch there that he did, got his legs on top of them and now a boxer's got no idea what to do in this position and this goes on and on for all of the round. Oh, he's got a choke there. Look. And he's put him to sleep. And even though I am a passionate boxer, this is what would happen if we fight a MMA fighter, unless we land that first punch. And then it's good night, my friend. I always cry before I fight. You did? Always cry before &gt;&gt; Yeah. What were you crying about? I don't know. I was just saying this is who I am. Yeah, but go further. What's the emotion? Are you You know, I'm giving me the change into somebody I don't like. &gt;&gt; Ooh. You're getting me &gt;&gt; Tyson, right? You change into the fighter. Yeah. And you don't like that fighter. &gt;&gt; I don't really like that. I don't like that at all. Mike Tyson &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm surprised with that. That's illuminating. You were the greatest fighter that ever lived and you didn't like that guy. No, because he came over fighting. He what? He brought more than just fighting with him. What do you mean? He brought like jealousy, envy, madness. &gt;&gt; Wow. Guilt. He brought a lot of stuff. &gt;&gt; is telling me that Mike Tyson is using his anger and his rage and jealousy [clears throat] to get that killer instinct that we knew Mike Tyson had. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; What's he trying to do there? Show you his speed by throwing a bottle up in the air and then punch it before the bottle lands on the floor. What's he got He's got to rip on his t-shirt as well, hopping on one foot. I don't get it. Instagram boxing coach doing &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Yeah. I know exactly what he's getting at. We see these coaches doing all of the work. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; This guy's just making fun of it. But, if you want to be a boxing fitness coach, you need to learn the correct way and I teach people how to do mitts the correct way like you see my students on the screen right now. And this is the world's number one boxing fitness qualification where you don't just learn how to do mitts correctly like you see these guys right here, but you learn the business side of things, how to get clients, not fighters, but people who want to do this for fitness and teach them so you can make money teaching boxing for fitness. So, if you're interested in that, you go to boxingfitness.com and all of the links are below for that. Here's another one of them fitness classes. Again, it's not real boxing like I teach on my qualification program, but this is getting these people into the gym. Oh, that's probably the worst one with the back foot kick kicking like that. Actually, that one girl's got pretty good form. Look at that. I'm not mad at that. Yeah, this is terrible when it comes to boxing fitness, but these guys are getting a good workout. We cannot complain at this. This was a viral video. Oh, little Ali shuffling there. I don't know I don't know what language that was, but yeah, keep it up, my friends. Keep it up. If you think these videos were crazy, you want to see some of these videos. Absolutely insane. Well, you're going to really be surprised what you see on this video right here. Click here and watch this video next.