Kind: captions Language: en Do you want to hear something crazy? I'm in a gym in Korea right now. And do you want to hear something even more crazy? I'm about to get in the ring and fight a stranger who I've never met before. And what's even crazier than that? I'm going to be using stateofthe-art technology to do this. And you're going to come inside of here with me and see everything that I see and watch me try and knock some stranger out here in Korea. So, are you ready to come with me? Let's go. So, right now, you can see I'm in two beautiful boxing gyms. I'm in a boxing gym inside of a boxing gym. And on this video, you're going to see me get in that ring and fight someone very soon. But not the ring that is actually there in real life, but the one in the virtual world. But before I get in the ring, I need to warm up. You see that training dummy over there? Well, I'm about to go and warm up on that. Now, you might be thinking, Tony, why are you warming up? It's just a video game. But let me tell you, my friend, this is one hard workout, as you're about to see, if I don't knock the guy out in the first round. So, here it is, the training dummy. Well, I'm going to throw some punches and get my muscles warmed up. The great thing about this training dummy is, if you've never played this video game, you can see on the side here just how fast I'm punching with the velocity and also the force of the punch as well. And then as well, what they've done, they've put a weak point here, which is showing you your accuracy. So if I hit him with a perfect left hook in the chin, it says I hit him in the chin. If I miss the chin like there and I hit him in the cheekbone, it's not at the weak point. So it's great for your accurac accuracy as well. So I'm going to do a couple of minutes warm up. Then I'm going to get in that ring and try and knock someone out. [Music] A few minutes later. Okay, now it's time to fight a stranger from around the world. So now what I'm going to do, I'm going to put this in mixed reality mode, which means now you can see the Big Bear boxing gym here in South Korea. You can see the Big Bear team over there all watching the wife and kids there. And now I'm going to find someone and punch their bloody heads in. And I'm going to take this personal as well because I want to win. I never want to lose. So now find a match. You will see this is now searching from around the world because I'm in this part of the world. People in Tokyo, Jakarta are closer to me than, let's say, Australia. So, this means they've got a better signal than me. And while I'm waiting for my opponent, I just want to say if you want to fight me on this video game, wait until the end and I'll tell you how we can have a thrill of the fight. Okay, get ready. So, here he is, the guy I'm going to knock out. Touch blood. All right, he's going for the nice job, the body. He's got a good guard. Hands are up tight. Oh, I hit him with a nice one, two hook, but it didn't land clean. He's got his guard [Music] on. He's fainting. Look at that. Go. Oh, he hit me clean now. I feel like he's trying to drop bait me. He's got a left hand down and waiting for me to throw. Then he's going to counter me. So drop baiting is when you drop your hands like this, making me think I'm going to be able to land a punch. Then when I throw that punch, you're ready for it cuz you know what you're doing. And you counter me with a big punch. And this is a high level trick, but he didn't do that there. I keep moving me head. Make it hard for him to hit there. I see that nice little slip. Nice right hand there. Right, I'm going to throw some nice jabs. Trying to eat the jab for a little bit here. There's one there. There's one there. Oh, yes, son. Have that one. Oh, he's backing off. Oh, I'm getting warmed up again now, Mitch. Moving me head a little bit. [Applause] What's up? That's good. Well done, mate. Well done, son. Hop on his little baldy head. Round one. I think I won that one. I'm happy with that. Maybe he's trying to save his energy. Maybe he knows he's in with a 40-year-old Xboxer and he's like, "Yeah, I'm going to get this guy tired and then try and knock him out." Round one down. Two rounds to go. Now, the great thing about this game is the more realistic I throw the punches, the more damage I do. Now, it is easy to get sloppy and swallow these sloppy punches, but they're not going to create the damage. You're not going to score the points that you want them. Second, round two. Let's have him recovered. Here we go. Get ready. See if he touches me. Gloves. Fight. Oh yeah, man. Respect, son. Respect. Oh, we come straight in with a nice one, two over combo. But I just lean back out the way of it. I lean back as a great defensive move on this game. I think he needs to eat his job a little bit now, doesn't he? Eat that job. Eat that job. Oh yeah, mate. That's a world class job. That's a world class job. I missed them twice. That's a world class job. I miss them. Too short. There it's there. There it's there. There it's there. There it's there. Now, because I've got this mixed reality on, I can see myself in the mirror there. It just looks like this guy is actually in Big Bear Boxing Gym. But he's not. I'm glad he's not, cuz he's pretty scary looking, isn't he? Oh, have a couple of them jabs, son. Have a couple of them jabs. Here's another [Music] one. I can't. I got sloppy and cocky. Let's just throw a big right hand here. Perfect form. Right hand. Here it comes. Watch this. Turn the hips. Fully extend. Exhale. See if there's damage. Oh, hit him in the wrong place. Here it goes. Big right hand. [Music] Oh, see that perfect form. Right hand, left hook, and it did damage again. After watching this back, it wasn't the perfect punch. I'd give it maybe a seven out of 10. If you need to learn that real form of boxing, here's another one. Here's another one. Stop. Stop. Well done, son. Well done, Baldi head. Round two down. So, the last round's coming up and I'm going to try and knock him right out. If you want to fight me on this game, stay tuned till the end. I'll tell you exactly how you can do that. But you're not going to win. Maybe you will. Oh, he's getting a drink. See that? Pick his water bottle up, have a drink. This guy's either tired or he's saving his energy for a big last round. Here we go. Facts. Come on, mate. You need a big round, mate. I need to throw that nice good form. Left hook on the chin. Oh, he hit me with a nice one there. Nice left hand. And as you can see, when I drop my hands, I get bloody hit. That's why you got to stay switched on all the time or you'll get hit and hurt like I just did there. A sneaky tip with this lead hand out like you can see here. This really keeps your opponent thinking. He's thinking, "What the hell is this guy doing?" And is very hesitant to come close to try and get his feet in close to you. And former world champion Vanameir Klitschko was an expert at [Music] this. So, the punches are landing, but they're not clean. So, he's doing a good job of keeping his hands up. All right, we'll knock him out. Come on. Come on, son. Come on, boy. Come. Right now, I've still got lots of energy, and this is the last round, so I need to up the amount of punches I throw and try and hurt this guy if I want to knock him out. Here he [Applause] [Music] goes. But I can't get too sloppy because when you get sloppy, you'll leave yourself open to be knocked out yourself. Stop. The winner is the blue corner. Now, do you want to know how you can fight me on this game? Well, there's three things that you need to do. Number one is get fill the fight game, which you've just seen there is unbelievable. And thanks fill the fight for sponsoring this video. Number two thing that you need to do is add me on the game. Once you've got it, my ad is here. And the third thing you can do to fight me on this game is go to the Meta website, get yourself one of these headsets. The links is below this video directly through to Meta and then you can fight me. What I recommend you do now is click here, watch this video next. Because the guy I've just fought, he wasn't a knockout artist. This guy is. Click here and watch this video next. I'm sure it will surprise