Kind: captions Language: en Oh my god. What is this? What are people so stupid for? I cannot believe they've just done that. On this video, we're going to be looking at some of the most stupidest and crazy boxing videos that's been posted on social media. Starting with this one right here. &gt;&gt; Oh, mate. Obviously, the guy in the blue vest has got way more experience. &gt;&gt; That's a bully right there. &gt;&gt; That's a bully right there. So, look, he's like saying, "Come on, hit me. Hit me." Letting him hit him, showing him he's a tough guy. Now, that's one thing, but then coming back and hitting the guy hard like that, and then walking away your back to him. It's ridiculous, mate. I can't stand stuff like that. Pro boxer versus a former bully. Wow. Ooh, &gt;&gt; nice. Go on. I can't stand bullies. Too much. Definitely not. This is true. And that really is a form of bully. You &gt;&gt; all right? &gt;&gt; I would love to get in the ring with my former bullies cuz I was bullied when I was a kid. &gt;&gt; Oh, look at them body shots whipping them in. &gt;&gt; And the coward. &gt;&gt; Hey, you got in the ring though. &gt;&gt; Quits. Well, like which cowards do. They bloody quit. The integration of technology into boxing training has revolutionized the way athletes prepare and improve their skills. One notable advancement is the combination of traditional heavy bag workouts with modern resistance technology. &gt;&gt; Now, while you sitting there thinking that is absolutely pathetic. Why are them people even doing that? I'm sitting here thinking I would absolutely love to have a go. That looks fun, doesn't it? Better than the boring stand there hitting the heavy bag. the best technique in boxing. This is Bivval, who's unbelievable. Now, let's have a good look at his boxing skills, how he gets so much speed and power in his punches. But I just want to say to you, would you want me to review one of your videos on my YouTube channel to give you some constructive feedback cuz I'm doing a new series where I'm going to be reviewing your videos on here like I'm going to do with Bivol in a second, but with yours, if you're doing shadow boxing, hitting heavy bag, mitwork, sparring, or even fighting. If you're interested in that, there's a link below this to show you how to send your video to me. So, click that link, send me your video, and I'll be able to help you get better at boxing on my YouTube channel. So, click that link below. Now, let's have a look at this beast. Now, Biv's feet. Look how wide his stance is. This is putting him in the position to always be able to throw punches. Look, he's always in that great position with them wide feet. As soon as your feet come together, he couldn't punch. His feet's not coming together. Love that. And he's got that big nice long one, two hook. really turn it into it. Got that rear hand up by your face at all times, which you actually want to have up by your face at all times. Great form, great technique. Is there many boxes with better technique than before? I'd love to know what you think in the comments below. What we got here? Nice one, too. Dropping that left hand though, mate. Not going to lie. Dropping that left hand. Oh, the bag cage is going over [Music] the ass. Oh, man. Oh, what? If you did that on camera, no one would believe him, would they? Look at this guy. Look at them hands. Wow. That's so fast. If them guys weren't walking about normal speed giant M sped up, but it's not. Anyone know who this guy is? What's the referee doing here? [Music] I'm looking at the referee. What's he doing? He's doing nothing. Referee stepped in, which is a terrible decision. The guy's going crazy. And rightly so, cuz if you watch this again in slow-mo, the guy's not landing punches on him. He's moving. He's defending. Now, in boxing, you've got to be throwing punches back. If you keep getting hit over and over again, they're going to stop the fight. But, as we can see right here, these punches not even landing. He's fine. He's moving his head. If he was hurt, he wouldn't be able to move like this. Now, that is a terrible decision from the referee. 2001 to 2023. See the progression? It's lovely. And and that's that's what boxing takes time. You're not going to be like this overnight. This guy's put the work in. So, yeah, I respect him. Terrible call by the ref. Let me see this right here. [Applause] So he he knocks him down with that right hand &gt;&gt; and the referee calls it a no knockdown. &gt;&gt; But if you look at the front foot, it kind of looks like his foot is putting him down, but it wasn't. It was the actual punch. So yes, it is a bad call by the referee and the referees have got to make these very fast decisions. And in that case, he got the bloody decision wrong. Watch this one here. Oh, he's shouting. &gt;&gt; Oh, look at his legs are stiff. &gt;&gt; But again, this is another one who thinks he's hard and thinks he can take punches off a proper boxer and you can't. Cuz when that button on your chin gets touched the way we've just seen right there, that's it. It's good night. No matter who you are, you cannot put muscle on your chin, my friend. What a bloody idiot that guy was. Husband and wife agree to a boxing match. What's going on here? There's people in the crowd. They've got a referee and he's really going for it. She's got a high heels on as well now. She needs credit just for doing that. But look, he's really whipping in them body shots. I hope they're not planning to have any babies anytime soon. The heavyweights back then. Small gloves on. Oh, mate, he's getting plastered. O, where the hell's the referee? Oh, mate. How many punches was that? Remember Mercer Tommy Robinson. Look, the right hand over the top. Left hands two. That's three. Four. Five. Six. He's out. Seven. Eight. 9. 10. 11. Then the referee finally comes in. Nice one, referee. Yeah, mate. This guy's got a good chance of getting CTE because of that. So, what we got here? Two lads sparing. No head goes on. He's letting him punch him in the face. I've done this before when I was younger and stupid. You want to show people how tough you are, but it means absolutely nothing. Never do that. Never. You'll regret it when you're older. Trust me. &gt;&gt; Oh, this is absolutely pathetic. Oh, mate, man. Is there even a coach there? Look at that. Hitting him in the back of the head. The amount of damage that can do is ridiculous. Then hit him in the chin. &gt;&gt; Freaking coaches need to be locked up. I'm telling you, some coaches need to be going to jail. Idiots, mate. Idiots. This is Floyd's dad. Oh, no. Mate, &gt;&gt; hitting him with them. &gt;&gt; Oh, no. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. &gt;&gt; So, one thing about this is this is absolutely crazy. Right now, when you've got a MIT man, and I've worked with MIT men similar to this before, and I feel like punching them in the bloody face, their mits are really thin and hard, and them can go straight through the middle of your guard here, which your boxing glove couldn't, so it's unrealistic. And yeah, or like that that there, that uppercut there. Ridiculous, mate. I'm really not a fan of this sort of stuff. A high-profile scandal occurred at the European Junior Boxing Championships in Zagreb, Croatia, 2014. In the second round of the fight, the judge countered a technical knockdown to the 18-year-old Long Car, even though Veto showed that he felt great and was ready to continue boxing. &gt;&gt; That's crazy. &gt;&gt; But the Polish referee, Ma Zurgot, awarded Lancar an early defeat in the fight, which caused a violent overreaction from the Croatian. The opponents went to the corners. Dissatisfied with the decision of the referee, Lone Car, he's knocked him out. Keep going. and without waiting for the announcement of the name of the winner, he attacked the referee with his fists. &gt;&gt; Now, I don't condone this behavior at all. &gt;&gt; But that was an absolutely pathetic decision from the referee. He should never have stopped that fight. Now, these kids, 18year-old, has put his life into boxing. I mean, fullon dedication, the early mornings, the dieting, the being a national champion to box for your country to get to this point right here. All of the hard work, all of the dedication for some slimy, bloody referee like that to just take that away from him. That referee does deserve a punch in the bloody face because there's lots of corruption that goes on in amateur boxing on the world stage like this. They're getting the palms greased. These kids who were dedicating their lives to the sport of boxing are getting disheartened, are getting ripped off like that. So, yes, the guy deserves a punch in the face, but the boxer should not have done it. &gt;&gt; There you go. Blow nice and nice and smooth. &gt;&gt; Oh, nice. And look at that. He put the hand out in front. The guy's thinking, "What you going to do?" And what normally happens if I'm boxing you and I put my hand out in front here, that's cuz I'm looking for this one. But what he's done, he's put his hand out in front and he's done what they call a cobra shot and blasted him over the top. Well, not like that. But yeah, very nice. That's a punch that no one teaches. Very unique shot. Now, there's even more crazy videos out there like this one, this one, this one, this one. All of these videos are absolutely madness. If you click here and watch this video next, let's go and take a look at them. Click here.