Kind: captions Language: en Mate, is this video speeding up? Yeah. Yeah, it's spelled up. He sped it up. He cheated. Watch. I'm not having it. I'm not having it. Hundreds of you have sent me your boxing training videos using the link underneath this video for me to review. And right now, I'm going to go through them randomly, giving you some feedback at how you can get better at boxing. But I've got a feeling that some of you just can't be helped. Let's get into it. So, first up, we've got M. Rolland on the heavy bag here. Sent me a 20 second video. Loads of things here, mate. Loads of things for you to work on. Can you guess them? Now, I'm going to pull that. Right. First thing is you continuously touching the bag. Why are you stopping the bag? We shouldn't try and stop the bag when it's swinging around. Unless you're in a gym full of people and the bags are really close together and it's going to hit someone. But right now, it looks like you're in a gym by yourself and there's no one around. So, let's stop doing this. Putting our hand out like that to try and stop control the bag. We need to control a bag with punching and with our footwork by moving around. If you want to stop the bag from swinging, hit the bag when it's coming back to you. Now, right there, Roland, my friend, what I see is a want to hook. It's kind of mixed between the body and head. It's actually if we're in a fight, mate, and you're throwing that hook, you're probably hitting me in in that massive bicep there. See that big bicep? You're going to hit me there, and that's going to do nothing, mate. When you are throwing body punches, a couple of things. One is you want to think about getting around that elbow, right? Even though we're on a bag to hit me there. And also, if I'm throwing this lead hook to the body, what should this hand be doing? Should it be down here? And I should be throwing like this, or should it be up here protecting my face? You guessed it right, my friend. And there again, we stop the bag with your right hand. Now, another thing when you're throwing this wild right hook, my friend, can you see where what I see right now? Now, to the uneducated eye, it might look okay, but look where your chin is, and you're throwing a rear hook to my arm there. You're leaving yourself open, mate, for a nice jab or a lead hook. Now, double right hook. Then we stop in the back. Oh, we stopping it with both hands now. It was getting a little bit out of control. Oh, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hell. But Ron, you've got some power in your punches. If you tweak these little things, keep that non-punching hand by his face and learn to control a bag, you're going to be doing okay, my friend. And Lazo, he's still got his Christmas tree up cuz he sent me this in December. Now, one thing I want to say straight away, and if you send me your videos, you want me to review your video on this YouTube channel with the link below. Make sure I can see your bloody feet. Footwork is the most important thing in boxing. If I can't see your feet, it's not going to help. Now, me boy got good punches, bringing his hands back to his face after each punch. But me, you look like you've got some good punches here, but I need to see your bloody fetus to review your boxing. Send me another one. So, we got Maro here on the mits. Looking very sharp, very crisp. One of them combos. Nice. What's the coach doing there? He's bouncing. He's bouncing like a kangaroo. Maybe he's telling you to keep your knees loose, which is good. And actually, the coach is solid on the mits. Someone I like to hit the mits with even though I'm not a fan of them actual mits because they're really straight. The type that I like to use is these ones with a curve in here. And you actually get these for free when you come and do my boxing certification course when I'm teaching in May in Las Vegas in Austin, Texas. If you want to join in, come work with me in person this May in America. Learn how to hold the mits and learn how to charge money for it just like my boy is here on the screen. The link is below or go to boxingfitness.com. Now back to Margo. Look at that jab. That's lovely. She's solid. And again, really nice mit work from the from the guy in front of her. I haven't got much to fault you on or make fun of you on. That's why I made fun of your coach bouncing like this. But great work. Oh, he's got the women's gloves on as well. Maro's got a few quid. Come and do my course in America. Mo. Moving on now. We've got Lorenzo. Big Lorenzo. Nice. Nice. Now I can see Lorenzo has not got a great deal of experience here as you can see but other than them uppercuts me I was going to give you some great praise there about how you work on the basics but then you start this yeah unrealistic combinations but Lorenzo mate you got a nice jab you're moving around you're working on your boxing you're working on the right things holding your feet punching bringing your hands back to your face after each punch returning your hips yeah nice moving your head one two slip Now, lovely, mate. Just to keep away from them uppercuts, what you're trying for now, and keep it basic like this until you can get to the point of being able to get on your toes a little bit. Get a little bit more head movement in there, you know, throw them punches, come back with a couple of other counter punches. So, right now, we got Brian Slater on the bag. Oh, no, it's not Brian Slater. It's Roy Jones Junior. Look at that. He can throw a punch and bring it back down here. Mate, come on. Look at that. If you were Roy Jones Jr. You're not Brian Slater, mate. I would be like, "Yeah, mate. You can get away with that." Well, look, you throw the jab and you bring it back down here. You know what would happen if we were in a real scenario here. Now, I know you're training, but you throw that jab and you bring it back down here. Boom. You're wide open for overhand. Right. Now, if you were Roy Jones, you could get away with that, but obviously we're not. Another thing, if you were kind of on your toes and you moving out and you're throwing that jab and bringing it back down, throwing that jab, bringing it back down, being aware of a punch coming at you, I wouldn't be so mad at it because you're ready to move out. But instead, mate, you're throwing it and look at your feet are both very flatooted. What are them shoes? Them with a zebra print on the heels. Okay, let's have a look, mate. So, you bring that hand down and then again, you're throwing like big combinations and Brian, you've got there. You've got power in your punch. You got a good lead hook to the body. But the problem is here, your rear hands up. Your feet are not actually too bad with this, but I would love it for this lead hand to come straight to your face. Because if you think about it right now, look, I've just paused it there. Look what position you're in. Your hands is down by your waist. Your head is in range to get hit. This is a very bad position to be in. Right, Brian? You see this now, mate? I'm pointing out for you. But you do punch hard. You're throwing them punches, whipping them in, but there's not much realistic here. Now, when I'm working the bags and I teach people on the bags, I want you to keep it realistic as much as possible. And as well, this is a 20 second video. But I've got a feeling, Brian, that this is you looking great. Or why would you post a video that is not looking great. Bring them hands back in your face after each punch. Focus on breathing and move them feet on your toes and you will see massive improvements. So, we got Ola here working on some shadow boxing. Looks like he's got he's got ankle weights on and he's got weights on his wrists as well or a sweatuit on. Lovely long jab. Now, before I review your form, I just want to talk about why he's got the weights on his ankles and on his wrists as well. Now, first on the ankles, I'm a fan of this of having weights on your ankles when you're training, especially if you're working a lot on footwork, like doing footwork drills with ankle weights on cuz when you take them off, you're going to just feel like you're just about to float away. You're going to feel like you can float around. Your feet is going to feel really, really light. Now, with the wrist weights, I'm not such a huge fan of having them on your wrists for a long period of time like Ola is doing right now. Instead, what I would prefer would be to have little small dumbbells about 2 lb each and using the mic for 45 seconds. Put them down for 45 seconds. But it looks like Olar right here is just putting yourself through a workout. He's got that sauna suit on, maybe cooling down at the end of a session, I'm guessing, working on some strength stuff. And uh yeah, I can tell he's got experience. If I went to a fight gym, I would expect to see Olar in there. I would be very surprised if this guy doesn't fight. His form is good. He's got them fast hands with the weights on. The footwork is very slow right now. That's one thing I would like to see more of. But it's hard because I don't know which part of his session he's in. It looks like he's at the end of his session cuz you don't want to be training for your full session with that sauna suit on with them weights on all the time. But no, solid work, my friend. Solid work. I would love to actually see you on the pads or the bag after you've took them weights off just to see how fast you walk. cuz I believe you will have some nice speed there. Next up, we've got John Smith. Looks like he's had an a lotment. Can't see his feet. What? Mate, is this video speeding up? Let me see that again. That dog walked past. This guy's got some hand speed. Looking at that dog walk past here. Is the video speeded up like 10%. John's got like a machine gun mate. Has he sped the video up? I think he might have. Let's have a look that hook. It's lead hook. It's horrible tell these days, isn't it? But maybe if you haven't sped that video up, you've got ridiculously fast hands. Yeah, that's sped up. I'm Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's sped up. He's sped it up. He's cheated. Watch. I'm not having it. I'm not having it. I've been in boxing for so long and I've watched so many people training. This is sped up. Watch. Watch the jab. Go on, John Smith. You sped that video up. Yes, you did, mate. Don't tell lies. Yes, you did. Like a machine gun. We seen the dog now. He has got them little mits on, but then he walks back to normal speed. What do you think, guys? Let me know in the comments below. Let me know in the comments below. That's John Smith. Sped that video up. A mate. Since I started reviewing videos, thousands of people have sent me their videos to review and roast. And on this video right here, I do that and I don't hold back. I give them some stick. Click here and watch this video