Kind: captions Language: en Oh. Oh, he's blasted the ref. The boxer versus Muay Thai. This is absolutely crazy. Can they even breathe? I can't stand that. Show some respect. Oh my goodness. That was nasty, mate. On this video, I'm going to be reacting to some of the craziest boxing videos on the internet. Starting with this one right here. Yeah, &gt;&gt; who thought of that? But even look when the editor, his head goes like to the back. Boom. &gt;&gt; Wa. I love it. &gt;&gt; Don't fall into the car. &gt;&gt; Wow. Like he was knocked out cold. He went down like that as if like when he hit the ground, it woke him up. Here it's again. Boom. Hit him in the temple. &gt;&gt; Look at his eyes in the back of his head. And then he gets back up. And what happened? &gt;&gt; Uh, I don't know. &gt;&gt; I don't know. He can't remember. He said, "That's crazy." What's this? &gt;&gt; So, it looks like two disabled guys here. This is a video that went viral. &gt;&gt; Boxing is for absolutely anyone. Anyone can do boxing. So, nothing but respect to these boys for getting in there and giving it their all. &gt;&gt; What the hell is that? &gt;&gt; Oh, mate. [Music] I think that one's them actually taking a piss out of the other one. Yeah, this is absolutely ridiculous. But my take on this sort of training, if it's getting them in the gym, they enjoying it, they getting the workouts, who are we to say, "Nah, that's crap. It's not real boxing, even though it is crap, and even though it isn't real boxing, who are we to say that?" One of the greatest boxing moves. Roll underneath. Weights on the front foot. Come back with the left foot. &gt;&gt; Roll underneath. &gt;&gt; Yes, he done him. He done him. Oh my goodness. That guy's lights is actually out. And that must have done some serious damage to him. Not just because of his brain getting switched off, but the way he fell as well. His spines bent like that. This has got to have damaged his back and his legs because he's just went limp. Oh, look at his opponent going on like that. I can't stand that. Absolutely ridiculous, man. Show some respect. The fight's over, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Oh, and he's blasted the ref in the balls. Oh, and the kids are still going for it. The referee should have had them stop fighting right there. &gt;&gt; What? What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] &gt;&gt; Oh, we got a elderly lady here on the slip wall. Look at this. Not bad head movement. I'm not mad at that. And then she's stepping as well, which is hard to do when you're stepping on that slip wall. She's going to come from side to side. She got that nice jab, that jab, jab, cross. And this is a video that went viral on social media. You know, you see this woman, you wouldn't think that she knows boxing, but yeah, she's got good form. Probably the best form on this video so far. &gt;&gt; Look at that head movement. Coach, have you worked on your head movement? Me. Oh, wow. Look at that. Do you know what it is, right? Uh, this is really funny, but at the same time, head movement is hard, especially when you're not used to doing it. It's really uncomfortable to do. You've only got to move it enough to get out the way of like a glove about 8 in there. So, it was slipping was slipping. Look like someone's told him you've got to move your head in boxing, but they haven't showed him how to move your head. But keep up the training, my friend. This will get better. I'm telling you. Oh, that's a massive uppercut. Oh, and again, a double uppercut. Not a triple, it's a bloody triple uppercut. That's like really hard to go. Four in a row. That's the first time ever. Do you want to do another one? Comes around with a right hook. Wow. And all of this started with a faint. You see that? He fainted his jab to get the guy's arms to come forward like that. And then we see this come straight through the middle. Boom. Hits him in the chin. And this guy is concussed right there. Then what he does brings it back. Sees the opening again. Throws it again and then again and then again. That was nasty mate. And look at the great shape that this guy's in. But you can't put muscle on your chin, my friend. As we've just seen, Dwight Muhammad Kowi. Oh, look at that guy. He's just smiling. Oh, what? Yeah, I'm not even sure who this guy is. I haven't seen him before, but look at the smile on his face. That head movement is unbelievable. Oh, and he's come out with counters. Miss, miss, miss. The little sound effects is making us realize just how many punch he's getting out the way. If you are in the ring with someone who's got great head movement like that who's very hard to hit. What you've got to do is throw faints. You got to keep fainting and making the guy think he's a little fart on them. See that? And the other thing you've got to do is go the body. Now, if you watch this right here, he gets his head out of the way, but look where his body is. His body's still in range to get hit. So, this guy's just threw that left hook. If he threw a hard right hand to the body, especially with his hands down, he would have had success and hit the guy, which will make him think twice about doing what he's doing, maybe. &gt;&gt; Oh, look at these in cement. &gt;&gt; Oh, toe to toe battle. And that is it cement or mud? It's going everywhere. This is absolutely crazy. [Laughter] actually looks like funny. I'm not going to lie. Uh but then punches in the head like that, you know, it's going to do your bloody brain damage. &gt;&gt; Can they even see? God, how long are they going for? Wow. Oh, they're standing up now. &gt;&gt; This is a long bloody round of non-stop punching. Surely they get tired soon. Can they even breathe with that stuff in the mouth? &gt;&gt; Oh. Oh, landing some hard punches as well. Well, I guess the gloves is kind of slipping off them. You know when the you see fighters having Vaseline on the face to help punches slip off. That's what this is doing here. Wow, these guys are fit. Look at the big guy on the left. He's got his chin down just going for it. Or he puts his chin up as soon as I said that. Oh, he's now he's slipping. They're still going. What's going on? They've got to stop soon. Can't sprint for this long. &gt;&gt; He's down. Look at the color of him. He's like, "Yay." So, we started like this and now we look like this. Now we've got boxer versus Muay Thai. Which one is the Muay Thai fighter here? &gt;&gt; Which one is the boxer here? Doesn't mean you look like a boxer. That stop me left hand up. That's it. &gt;&gt; That's it. The boxer's done. If I'm in there with a Muay Thai fighter and he throws a kick out me. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that that's me right there. I'm not afraid to say it. If he kicks my leg like that, I'm stopping, mate. I'll throw a few odd punches, but yeah, kick me leg, I'm done. And if you want to see a video of me doing this when I went against a Muay Thai fighter in Bangkok, click here and see me, a professional highle boxer, try Muay Thai. It's embarrassing. Click here and watch this video