Kind: captions Language: en I'm about to fight a total stranger here in my backyard in Bali. No gloves, no boxing ring, just this a headset. And I'm going to take you inside of here with me. And you're going to see me knock someone spark out or at least try. But also, you'll see how you can fight what it feels like in real boxing butt without getting punched in the head. And you might think I'm crazy when I tell you this, but when you get one of these, you can literally fight anyone from anywhere in the world, including me versus you, or you can fight one of your friends, your peers, if you do boxing, your boxing sparring partners. And before I get in this, I just want to say a couple more great things about this is the more you do it, obviously, the fitter you're going to get because you're going to see this is a great workout, but also in the game, you get ranked as well. So, you'll be fighting people on your level. So, when I get in here, I'm going to fight someone on my level. Well, I'll probably not fight someone my level, you know, cuz I was an Olympic boxer, which I never talk about. I won seven national titles, which I never talk about. I was undefeated professional boxer, which again, I never talk about. So, maybe, just maybe, I won't be fighting someone on my level. So, what does that mean? Well, that means I'm going to knock someone on. Spark out. Anyway, let's get inside of here. Now, you might be thinking, well, Tony, if you're boxing and you're moving around, you might just go whoop and fall into that pool. But what you can do before I turn this area into a legit boxing stadium, I can create a boundary like you're about to see right now. So, you see the floor? Well, this boundary is massive, but there's that big lump thing there. So, what I'm going to do, I'm I don't want to be next to that. So, I can move this around and make my boundary a little bit smaller. I don't want to be pushing the uh bushes. I don't want to be miss hitting me misses. I want to move away from the pool. So, what this is going to do, this is going to set a boxing ring in the area where I want it to be. Perfect. The last thing I want to do, mate, is fall in that pool and ruin me headset. Even though it would get a load of views, and I'm all about the views. I really am. But yeah, I don't want to ruin me meta headquest. Okay, now you can see it's giving me this ring area. Let me get on this beautiful game. Thrill of the fight. And now what's going to do, it's going to measure my height. And now I'm doing room scale. So, this means I can move around. And now what I'm going to do, I'm going to go to multiplayer. I'm going to box in this new arena here. And it's going to search for an opponent for me. While it's searching for my opponent, what I'm going to do, I'm going to come to the training station. I'm going to punch this guy about a little bit. Anyway, I want to show you. I'm going to turn this place into a gym. So, I'm going to do mixed reality. Turn this off. Boom. Now, I'm in the gym. Now, I'm no longer next to that beautiful swimming pool, but I'm in the gym getting warmed up for my fight, seeing how hard I'm punching, how fast I'm punching. and then seeing who this finds me, which stranger finds me, which stranger is their unlucky day today. Now, you can pick whether you want to have a ranked match, which goes against your ranking, goes in your official Thrill of the Fight record, or you can have a casual match here, which doesn't go on your record. Now, I'm trying to find someone to fight. So, I don't mind. I fight anyone cuz I'm a beast. I'm a beast. Watch me get knocked out now for being cocky. So, we got someone. We got an opponent. Oh, let's go. We're in a hotel. You ready? Look at this. Oh, he's a little guy. This looks like where I had me first amateur boxing fight, which I actually lost. But then I fought in the same place again and I knocked the guy out. Here it is. &gt;&gt; Yes. Just like I'm about to knock this guy out. &gt;&gt; Let's go. &gt;&gt; Put your gloves. All right. Here we go. Here we go. So, I need to work behind the jab cuz I've got obviously taller than him. So, I've worked behind the jab. He needs to get his feet closer. He's trying to get his feet close. Oh, he hit me with a good body shot. Now watch. I'm going to just keep pinging him with that jab. The jab is the most important punch in boxing. If I use that as my advantage here, look, he can't get close to me. Knocking his head about every time. So, what he needs to do is get his feet closer to me, then he can land the punches. But I need to use my advantage. Oh, I hit him with a nice right hand. Hear the crowd go wild. Oh, he's got me with a nice right hand as well. I'm dropping me hands. Right. Come on, son. Come on, little fella. You ready for this, mate? No, I'm going to keep my arms out in front of him. What's crazy right now with this headset on, I'm I don't feel like I'm in a back garden next to you. See if I throw a good right hand like this here. Perfect form. Watch. Oh, he struck through his hand. That's why I did. This guy's actually hard to land a clean punch on. If you see him, he's always leaning back out the way of me punches. He got me another hard punch there. That's because I'm talking to you lot too much. &gt;&gt; Stop touch me. Respect, sir. Oh, hey, look at that guy. You me fan. Hey, there's your brother. Be your brother. Oh, look at him. He's got twins. Oh, he's got twin girlfriends. How's it going, mate? Let them two birds there, mate. Okay, this round, I'm gonna have to knock this guy out. No more Mr. Nice guy. No more telling you guys how to fight and all that. Now, I'm going to batter him. He's sitting on his stool. Look. And I believe this guy with the twins. Look at him. His arms crossed giving him the digging. Look at him. Eh, there's two birds there watching us. I think after me or him. Look at this guy. &gt;&gt; Still up. Right. Here we go. &gt;&gt; This guy's about to get battered. &gt;&gt; Let's go, mate. I'm about to b him &gt;&gt; right now. I'm going to try and do some damage on this guy. Here we go. Some hard punches. Bang. Bam. Nice. Right hand, left hook. &gt;&gt; Hey, stop it. No holding. &gt;&gt; Wait, watch. Here we go. Here we go. [Applause] He's moving away from my right hand. [Applause] Some body shots coming. I'm going to work inside now. Watch this. Body head. Here we go. Oh, if you watch what happens here, I drop me hands. I just tried to hit him to the body. And just like what would happen in a real fight, I got punished when I did this. Ah, because he hurt me there. I think I'm down on points. I need to really do some damage on him this round if I want to win it. Big left over here. [Applause] [Music] Oh man, that's sloppy. Oh, look. He's just looking at us. How are you girls having a good night? Want to watch me spark this little guy out? &gt;&gt; Seconds out. &gt;&gt; I'll do it for you and your sister. &gt;&gt; All right, let's go. &gt;&gt; Okay, get ready. &gt;&gt; You ready, little fella? All right, &gt;&gt; let's fight. &gt;&gt; I'm bloody ready. Here we go. Some Olympic stuff this round. Like a big right hand. So, what this guy is good at doing, &gt;&gt; hey, stop it. &gt;&gt; He's good at leaning back out the way. &gt;&gt; Oh, it's like he's Look, he's leaning back. When I go forward, that's when he's countering. It's like bringing me in. [Applause] Yes. Get out of here for you. &gt;&gt; 3 4 5 &gt;&gt; The twin. &gt;&gt; Six. Seven. &gt;&gt; The twin's over there. Why look at him? You look at me. &gt;&gt; Let's fight. &gt;&gt; I'll give you a bit of disrespect now. Have a jab. Have a jab. Have a jab. Need a few closer guy. Now the fight's very close. The first round could have went either way. He won the second round. Now with that knockdown, this fight's pretty even. I'd love to know your thoughts in the comments below. Oh, he hurt us. As you see, I dropped me bloody hands again, leaving me wide open for his overhand right. And boom, he did the damage. Because now I'm hurt. I need to move me feet. The last thing I want is him to score another knockdown and then he will definitely win the fight. I need to aim for his chin or his temple and the weak spot. [Applause] That's 10 seconds. Good work, fell. Good work. Good. Well done. You're good. But before I tell you and show you who won that fight and by how many points, I just want to say, do you want to fight me on this game? Cuz if you do, there's only three things that you need to do. The first thing is you need to download the bloody game. But the second thing is to download the game, you need to get yourself one of these. And these are very affordable. You can get them from directly from Meta. I've got a link below. You can click it. It'll take you through to their website and get yourself the same one as me. And then number three, you've got to add me. My Addy is on the screen right now. &gt;&gt; Gentlemen, &gt;&gt; the winner is for you. &gt;&gt; Draw. &gt;&gt; One thing that you can do now as well is watch this video next. Because on this video, what I do, I bring a VR boxing champion in a real gym and I get in a real boxing room and we throw real punches at each other and then we have a fill of the fight. So click here to watch this video