Kind: captions Language: en I've spent over 30 years inside of a boxing gym in the ring fighting and training people as well. And I've seen thousands of amateur boxing fights. I've been ringing side for them. I've seen national champions rise, turn into superstars. And I've also seen people who were supposed to do really well in boxing fail as well. And after seeing all of this, I can tell you most boxers don't lose because they're not talented enough. They've normally got one of these four glitches, if you like, when that bell rings. And if you're training right now, there's a very good chance that you're making one of these mistakes. So, what I want to do is break down these four main glitches, and also tell you what you can do to fix each one. And if you don't know who I am, my name is Tony Jeff. I'm an Olympic medalist, boxer, won seven national titles, a European gold medal, and on this channel, I give you everything boxing. So, make sure you subscribe because most of the people who watch my videos are not subscribed. So, if you subscribe, it'll really help the channel. Now, let's get into it with the first glitch, which I call the adrenaline dump. And if you've been in the ring, you've probably experienced this. I know that I have. When that bell rings, what happens? Well, our heart rate spikes. Our breathing changes. Everything speeds up. We start to get a little bit more tense than we were just 10 minutes ago in the dressing room. And then instead of sticking to your game plan or your strength, something that you're really good at, people end up rushing and trying to win the fight straight away. Throw too many punches. They'll be loading up. And when you load up, what do you do? Well, you hold your breath. They'll try and win the fight within the first 20 seconds when I was young. I used to do this all the time because often I would win the fight in 20 seconds. So, I would try even harder. And then when that bell rings after the end of round one, and then it's then when you're like absolutely gassed. And I've seen insanely talented fighters in the gym, on the bags, on the pads, even in sporting where they're really good and they're beating everyone and they're looking amazing, but they can't control theirelves in the ring because of panic and they end up getting tired and not being able to do what they do best. Now, this isn't a fitness issue. It's more like a nervous system issue. Now, here's the good news for you. This is very trainable. Now, as dafted as this may seem, we've got to train ourselves to breathe. Now, you might be thinking, "Well, &gt;&gt; that's crazy, Tony. I'm sitting here watching this video right now and I'm breathing. I don't have to fool myself for breathing." &gt;&gt; But right now, you haven't got a monster in front of you throwing punches trying to knock your bloody head off. If you have and you're watching this video at the same time, then yeah, you're legit. You don't need to watch this video. But I'm guessing that you haven't got someone in front of you punching you right now, which it's easy to breathe correctly when you haven't. So, what fixes this? Well, it starts in the gym before we even get in the ring. We need to focus on controlling our heart rate before we even get in the ring to do a sparring session. And then when you are in the ring and you have got someone throwing punches at you, it's right then when you're not only thinking about, oh no, I can't get hit. I can't get hit. &gt;&gt; But instead, you're thinking about breathing and focusing and relaxing. And this is uncomfortable for most people. But to get really good at boxing, we've got to get comfortable being uncomfortable. And I've done a full video breaking down the right and wrong ways to breathe, giving you some breather methods. The link is below this video for that. I'm don't want to get into it right now. But I just do want to say that all of the best amateur boxers and the pros know exactly how to breathe when they are boxing. And on the video that you can watch after this one, I'll tell you exactly how to do that. It'll be a game changer. Now, I want to move on to glitch number two. Now, this is the reason why Great Britain Boxing Team, that little small island where I'm from, we've got way better amateur boxers than that big island across the pond, our friends in America. Now, do you know why this is? Well, I do. And I've boxed multiple American champions. I boxed the American team captain, Christopher DS. And the reason why I beat him and qualified for the Olympics and he didn't was because of this one important thing, the most important thing. And I've seen this really hold back so many people and prevent them from having the success that they could have in their careers if they did fix this. And this is all about you not having that fluid movement and being able to, like what Muhammad Ali said, float like a butterfly. What people tend to do is they're very flatooted in the ring. They're trying to conserve energy by not moving their feet. They'll be stepping left and right, crossing their legs. They'll have their weight too far forward or maybe they'll be losing balance when they're trying to throw combinations or they'll try to move and punch at the same time. And once your base is not right, your feet, everything else goes as well. Your power, your defense, your confidence, your speed, your counter punching. When them things start to go, I see amateur boxers in the ring right now start to lose confidence. Now, if you look at the very best amateur boxers in the world ever, they've all got great footwork. The Americans, they are more of the flatfooted style like the pros. And that's part of the reason why their boxing team is not great. Even though boxing is super popular in America, in the amateurs, you can't plot forward with flat feet. You've got to be moving your feet in and out. There's less rounds, so you've got to be able to hit and not be hit. And having great footwork is why I beat the American team captain. is why Great Britain has got a better boxing team than USA right now. This footwork is is not theory. I've been trying to drill this into people for a long long time now. The fighters who fix this, they suddenly are like different athletes. They stop gassing out early. They can learn how to relax and breathe better. They don't get caught off balance. They don't overreach. They don't lose composure. They are making the people in front of them miss punches, which builds their confidence and helps them counter punch. This is definitely the most important thing in boxing. if you want to improve. And I'm not just saying that because I've got the Boxing Footwork Academy, which is a program that's stacked with every drill and trick that you need to improve your footwork. The link is below. And again, I'm not saying that because I've got this great product that will help you reach your full potential. Even though this is now turned into a proper sales pitch, I'm not. The reason why I did create this product was because I understand that this is the most important thing. I didn't create a product on how to punch harder cuz that's not the most important thing. I didn't create a product on how to punch faster because that's not the most important thing. I created a product on how to get perfect footwork because that is the most important thing. And again, the link is below. What a bloody sales pitch that was. Now, let's move on to glitch number three. Now, this is emotional boxing. I've done this before. You might have seen this before. When someone gets hit clean, the crowd reacts. Go on. Go on. The coach is shouting. The opponent in front of them might smile. And then what happens? Oh, I'm going to knock him out. And the game plan goes out the window. They started fighting emotionally. They abandon their structure. They're now chasing because they're falling behind. And this is exactly what happened to me in the semi-finals of the Olympics when I was fighting Kenny Egan. He landed a few punches on me. The crowd went wild. He was a couple of points up and then what did I do? Well, I start chasing. I was like, I need to land this clean punch. My time is running out. I need to beat him to get to the Olympic final and to win a silver or a gold medal. And even though I had all this experience, the panic set in. I was a couple of points behind. I start fighting emotionally. I start rushing, loading up, holding me breath, forgetting about me defense. And the fight just starts slipping away and it was like a downward spiral. The more I lost my composure, the more times he hit me, the more points he got ahead. And then I was like, "Oh no, now I'm four points behind. I need to push." And then boom, he got me again. Now I'm five points behind. And I felt the pressure at this point. I was fighting in front of millions of people in the Olympic semi-final. I was so focused on winning, everything else went out the window and yeah, I'll end up losing the fight. Now, it's here when we got to listen to our coaches and what they say rather than listen to that little voice in our head, our little ego telling us to rush forward and and do this. And this will come with experience. Even though I had seven times national champion, European gold medalist by the time I was in the Olympic semi-finals, but that was a a hard pill to swallow that I end up losing that fight because I fought on emotion. Now, glitch number four is possibly the most important one. This is the one that has destroyed so many people. Well, and I know it's affected you. It's definitely affected me. Now, before I talk about that, I want to talk about something that is clinically proven to boost performance and something that I'm taking right now before training. And this wasn't around when I was fighting and I wish it was. This is nitrus from a very unique research company called do not.org. UG and right now I'm feeling a huge boost in my energy levels when I take this before training. But it does a lot more than that. This increases the nitric oxide in our bodies which in turn increases my blood flow leading to more oxygens in me muscles and me brain. I take this before a workout. And even though I am 40 years old right now, this is helping me keep up with the younger guys in the gym. So I wish I had this years ago. And don't just take my word for it. In 2025, a clinical trial showed that nitrilus by do not age boosted nitric oxide levels in humans over 200%. So this is perfect for training harder, working out longer, and recovering faster. Now, if you want to get some Do Not Age, the research company actually sponsoring this video, I'll add the links below. And if you use code boxing, you're going to save a little bit of money as well. I highly recommend it. So number four, and I know that you've heard this before, he lost the fight before he got in the ring. Now you know what that means up here. Our mental strength. Now you probably get a little bit frightened before you fight or if you spot and if you do totally fine mate. Someone's going to punch you in the head. You will be worried about what's going to happen because what's going to happen is the unexpected. We don't know what's going to happen when we get in that ring with someone. The person in front of us might be better than us. We might have seen them before. or they might have beat someone who's beat someone who's beat you or beat someone, these nerves are totally fine, my friend. But it's how you control your fear is the big thing here. If you let your mind get on top and you let them negative thoughts that we all get get into your head, you will never be able to win. You will never reach your full potential in boxing. It's a fact. So, how do you control the fear of being in the ring and being punched? Well, there's a lot to dive into, and that's why I created this video right here, showing you exactly how to control the fear of being in the ring.