Kind: captions Language: en train for 12 weeks, give it the best uh preparation I could have done. He gave me a better fight than all the boxers did in the last 10 years. He had a 12week training camp. He tried his best, as we heard him just say. Now, is this the signs that this is the end of an era for probably the greatest heavyweight boxer that Great Britain has ever produced? Is now the time for Tyson Fury to call it a day and hang up his gloves? Well, so many people on Twitter seem to think so, and even a lot of boxing experts are saying the same thing as well. And from the outside looking in, it's easy to think that because he just had a very close fight with someone who's having their professional boxing debut. And like I said on my prediction video about this fight, with this being the heavyweight division, anything can happen. And anything did happen. And you would be crazy if you didn't think that the reason why Tyson had this fight against Francis Naganu and his previous fight against Derek Chisora was only for a payday. because them two fights, everyone thought obviously he's going to win, so why else would he take the fights? Now, I don't blame him at all for taking those fights. Boxing is a bloody hard game. And what I've always said is when you're in boxing, make as much money as you can and get the hell out before you end up like Muhammad Ali. Don't for one of the other thousands and thousands of boxers that's ended up with CTE. Why would you want to stay in the game just to continue to fight? because we've only got one brain. So, the last thing you want to do is destroy that, which we're doing anyway because we're boxing. So, yeah, I'm all for him taking these fights to make as much money as possible and thinking about himself, which he's obviously done there. Tyson's been professional for a long time. He didn't make the 2008 Olympic Games that I went to. My teammate David Price got the heavyweight spot on that after he beat Tyson Fury. So, Tyson turned pro back then, 2008, 15 years ago. And he's had 35 fights since then. And that was ringside in Saudi Arabia when he fought Francis Nagano. And I noticed this is not the Tyson Fury that he once was. His speed wasn't there. His accuracy wasn't there. His timing wasn't there. Getting caught with that punch that put him down. He should never have been caught with that punch. And I was talking to a very well-known boxing reporter, I'm not going to name his name, who was there. And he said to me, "We've seen this happen time and time again with fighters who make millions and millions of pounds where they kind of drop off and underperform." And it reminds of what Marvin Haggler said. "It's tough to get out of bed and run at 5 a.m. when you're wearing silk pajamas." And yeah, that is true for anyone. So, should he and will he hang the gloves up? Well, I'm going to tell you my opinion on that. But first, let's just talk about his recent interview with iFilm London where he made everyone think that he's not going to because he said this new techn is. And whenever it's not, he's not. And that's it. No biggie. So, if the contract signed, what happens if he doesn't take our fight? I don't know. I'm not a legal expert. Do you know? But the way he said this and the way his tone was in this interview, it kind of makes me think that uh maybe he's not going to take this fight. But then again, he also said this. I've done my job. I've been paid. Happy days. I'm on to the next one now and I'll get paid for that one and on to the next one after that. So, he's talking about having multiple fights as well. Now, this is what boxers do. You know, you've heard them say it time and time again. The best shape of my life. My training camp was amazing. I can't wait till Saturday night to get in there and do the business. Every single boxer says this. Now, why is that? Well, that's because they know that their opponent's either there or listening or watching. And that is just kind of like a mind game to get into your opponent's head to tell them, you know, that you're feeling well and you're confident and all that. Well, with Tyson saying he's going to be fighting another one and another one, and this is just to tell us, "Yeah, I'm still fighting you and I'm going to fight someone else and someone else." Now, I think he's saying this because deep down he's questioning whether he wants to fight again. But if his mindset changes and he does fight again, he needs to get into the head of us to tell him, "Yeah, I'm ready for you. I'm going to fight somewhere else after." Now, a fighter's mindset straight after the fight to the next day, to the next week, to the next month changes all the time. He's come out of the ring thinking that he was going to stop this guy in a couple of rounds. That's obviously never happened. He's been put down. And now, the criticism Tyson is getting all over the internet is absolutely crazy. It's mad because he's went from one of the most loved boxers in all of boxing to one of the most disliked boxers in all of boxing. But again, I don't blame him for doing what he's doing. I don't blame him for taking these big massive money fights. Do you know how hard it is to box? Do you know how hard it is to dedicate your life for 12 weeks to get into the ring in front of millions of people against someone who's trained to knock you out? Mate, it's so bloody hard. Now, if this is the end of Tyson Fury, it's going to be sad, isn't it? There's not been a heavyweight as entertaining as him since Mike Tyson. And Mike Tyson's entertainment was a lot different to Tyson Fury's because he was really crazy where I think Tyson Fury's smarter. Just looking at his past press conferences with the likes of David here. Very entertaining. Then you've got the one where he was with Klitschko and he ran around with a Batman outfit. That was funny as well. Then got his belly out and telling people like I'm fat but I'm going to beat this guy. There's just been so many amazing moments from his career. Then we've got the mental health side where he's mentioned he was thinking about suicide at one time after only two years ago being on the verge of suicide and being as low as any man can go. He's helped inspire so many people who's been going through mental health issues as well. He's come out and he's spoke about it in public what a lot of people don't do never mind famous world champion heavyweight boxers. Then he's got his dad with him as well often who is not my cup of tea but he's very entertaining as well. Then the fights. I was at his fight with Wilder one and three and ringside for that third fight was the best fight I've ever seen in my whole life. Unbelievable. This video is starting to turn out like he's definitely retiring where honestly I think he's not. Now, if he does retire from boxing, what's he going to do? Because he's already suffered from depression in the past when he kind of retired before. And when a boxer does hang the gloves up, there's a huge hole in their life like to fill. Your identity is gone. Now, I know this firsthand. When I retired from boxing, having had 106 fights doing it from 10 years old to 27 and having success, not Tyson Fury success, but I had success. It was one of the hardest and darkest moments of me. And I've never really suffered from mental health, but I did get depressed. I did put on weight. I did feel lost in just everything that I did. My identity was gone. Now, with Fury being at the very, very top of his game, way higher than I've ever been, and previously suffering from mental health issues, I think it could be a downward spiral for him, unless he finds something to fill in that void, which I did when I went into the boxing fitness world. And this is going to be way tougher for him than it was for me. But if you look at someone like Floyd Mayweather who was again the very top of their game, what he's been doing recently is having exhibition fights against I think influencers and stuff like that. Maybe Fury would do that. I guess he's kind of just done that with Francis Nagano. Although he's not an influencer. He's a professional fighter. But you know what I'm saying? Having these more entertaining fights like in Mayweather. I wonder if Fury would do that. But maybe he's seen how much money and success Tommy Fury's having with fighting influences. So maybe that would be something Tyson could do to fill the void of not boxing anymore to wean his way out of being on the at the top of the game. I would be surprised if he did do that, but you never know with Tyson Fury. You never know with boxing. You never expect Floyd Mayweather to do that. And then I guess Fury is known for taking money fights. So maybe that's what he'll do. But I hope not because I know he's always said that he's not bothered about legacy, but he's got a legacy. He really has. being the man who beat the man who pee the man when he beat Klitschko all them years ago to bring them belts to the UK was unbelievable. Now if he is going to continue to fight, I think we all agree that he's got to be way better than he was in that fight if he wants to have any chance of beating Alexander Usyk. But then again, Usyk's got to be way better than he was in his last fight against Daniel Dybar if he wants to beat Fury. Here's what I think. Fury's had his last two fights money fights. Chazora and Nagano. his next fight against us is going to be ridiculous amount of money. Even though Tyson's at the point now where I would see if he gets an extra 10 20 million, it's not going to change anything at all in his life because I've actually heard him say in an interview that he's got over 150 million in the bank already. I am addicted. I'm 35 years old. I've got in excess of 150 million in me account. I don't need to be here to box. I love this and I get paid for it. Come on. But putting down 20, 30, 40, 50, however many million dollars that he will get for this fight, I think he's going to take it. I think he's going to have the fight. And I think Usyk will be the winner of that fight. Do you agree? Now, if you want to see some footage of me ringside and breaking down the Neanu fight, click here and watch this video