Kind: captions Language: en Do you want a way to spice up your shadow boxing workouts? Because on this video, I'm going to show you how you can do exactly that. And all you need is some hand wraps or a piece of rope to do this. At the end of the video, I'm going to give you an example of exactly how I did this as a professional boxer after I came back from the Olympics with a medal, which I never talk about on my YouTube channel. You might have seen on the Rocky movies or just about any boxing movie where they've got a a line and they're going under it like this like a Mike Tyson style like yeah they've all done it and for a reason it's great but I'll be surprised if you've seen a movie or ever seen in a gym where people do this with the cross ropes what I've got here and you don't need a boxing ring for this. I've got one hand wrap tied from one corner to the other corner then one hand wrap tied from this corner to this corner putting a perfect cross in the middle of here. Now, if you can't, for whatever reason, have the hand wraps like this where it's across, by all means, just have the one hand wrap and you can do still lots of great drills with just one hand wrap in a in a line like that. Now, before I show you exactly what I do, I just want to tell you when I first seen this, when I turned professional, my coach at the time was called Bobby Rimmer, who was a professional boxing coach in Manchester. And Bobby Rimmer was one of Ricky Han's trainers back in the day when Ricky Hatton was like the man. And this was a shadow boxing session that Ricky Hatton used to do with Bobby. And when I first went there and I seen this and I was like, "What the heck is that?" And here's doing this in the gym. And straight away I loved it. I thought it's great. But it really used to keep my mind on exactly what I was doing. And it made it fun because when you do this, it's it's like you you're building up a new skill. Like I can only imagine if you were playing football, soccer for the Americans, and you're getting good at keep ups, you know, you can see your progression, you know, taking over. Kind of like the speed ball. You can do different things on there, different drills on there, and you're like, "Oh, yeah. This feels great. This is great." in just like this. You can get better on this. You can do different tricks on this. And all you need is two hand wraps or two pieces of string and somewhere to tie them. So, that being said, time for a demo right now. But first, I just want to say when you're setting this up, you want to have this above your shoulder. Just above your shoulder, not above your head. There, right on your shoulder. This is the perfect height for me. Because if you think that's kind of where a punch would be coming to me, my chin. And that's what I'm trying to get out of the way of when I'm doing this head movement. a punch that was coming this level right here. Now, when you are doing this, you want to obviously, like I said, keep that on your shoulder, but we're going to be using our feet as well as punching. So, let's just say, for example, I throw one, two, I'm going to roll and step and come underneath the wrap. I throw one, two, hook. I don't roll and step and come under the wrap. And just like that, already this is a great drill that I can do. One, two, hook. Because it's my left hook, I'm going to roll to my left. Roll under. One, two. Because my two is my right hand, I'm going to roll to my right. Boom. That's kind of the rule of thumb when you're rolling and stepping. If you finishing with the left hand, roll left. If you're finishing with the right hand, roll right. Just because you're in a perfect position after that hook, I'm in a perfect position to roll and step. After that one, two, I'm in the perfect position to go down, round, up, and roll to my right. That's just the very basics there on its own. Great drill. will help you with your coordination, with your head movement, with your defense, with your footwork just by doing what we just did there. Now, obviously, we're going to advance this way, way more. So, first I just want to show you how I would do this and not throw any punches. So, I'm in my boxing stance here. I can come under, come under, not throwing any punches, just working on movement. Come under there. Now, with the wrap going across, what do I want to do here? Well, I can go forward. I can tuck under there and come back. So there moving forward. So I'll go back under the side. Come there. There. Now again a great drill. This is really working me legs cuz to go under this what I've got to do bend me legs. Kind of like a little mini squat. Go under this. What I've got to do bend the legs. Bend the legs. Keep my feet apart all the time so I can do this. Great. and trying not to go side to side like this and try not to hit the wrap as well. So, what I'm going to do now, I'm going to step forward and rather than just coming under like I've just did like this. Now, I'm going to step with that front foot. My back foot is not just going to follow. What it's going to do, it's going to pivot out to the back side and it'll look like this. Step, pivot. Now, look at this. I'm in a different angle and now I can move and down this line. I know this is behind us. So I can come up and down here, forward, back. Now I can do it again. I can step pivot. And now on this side, down. Moving back. I do it again. Step, pivot. I'm here. Step, pivot. And now I'm working on changing them angles. Step, pivot. Step, pivot. Keeping in that boxing stance, coming down the line, moving forwards. Now, when you're doing this, you don't really want to be coming here and then turning around and coming back. I would rather you used your boxing skills to navigate yourself around the ring. And from there, remember we said the side to side. I'm there. I don't have to spin. I don't have to turn around. I can do this. And now I'm here. And then also what you can do, we can add on the punches. And you can use these four square areas here to be moving around in shadow boxer. Then you can get back into this [laughter] step pivot on there. Now just with that there, think about all the things that we're working on. So many different things, right? I'll give you a little example of how I would use this in my shadow boxing. But when you are doing this, it's important that you don't try and do like 100 mph. slow down, get the form right, the technique right, and then then you can hold it up. Now, this is just one of many shadow boxing workouts that's inside of my shadow boxing academy. If you're interested in tons more shadow boxing drills like this one and better, as well as tons of workouts that you can follow along with, you can scan here or go to boxingfitness.com/shadowboxing and get all of the details there. This program is a game changer. So, example of me, I would use this in my professional boxing days. Now, when I do this, I want you to watch a few things. First, just see how I move and step, keeping them feet apart at all times. And if you get your feet right in boxing, everything else will follow. Now, when you're doing this, it may feel awkward at first, but the more you do it, the better and more natural this will become. But one big thing is important when you're doing this. When you're focusing on your feet, you don't forget about your form in your punches. Also, if you want more highlevel shadow boxing drills, you should check out the shadow boxing academy. Go to boxingfitness.com/shadowboxing. The link is below. Now, to be able to do this for a long time, you need to be fit. And if you want to get fitter in boxing, you need to improve certain things in your cardio workouts that will take you to the next level. And I created this full video right here where I show you exactly what you can do to get fitter in your boxing workouts. Click here and watch this video