Kind: captions Language: en Do you ever finish a sparring session and think, "I did terrible there. I'm not getting any better. What did I even learn from this session?" Well, if you do, that's pretty common. But also, there's things that you can be doing inside of your sparring session that's not only going to help you perform better inside of that sparring session, but also going to help build your long-term boxing IQ. And this is a method that all successful boxers do, but coaches don't talk about this. Coaches don't really know about this. And if they do, it's very rare that they're passing this information on to you. Because I'm telling you, my friend, if you listen to this full video and you do exactly what I say, I will 100% guarantee you that you will perform better in sparring, not just for the short term in your next session, but I'm talking about long term, which is what we want. And what this is all about is analyzing yourself while you're inside of your sparring session. Now, I'm not talking about your sparring and you're analyzing everything about yourself. No, I'm talking about analyzing something that is not working for you. For example, let's just say you're in there and you're sparring and you throw a jab and it misses. Maybe the guy counter punches you back and you're thinking, "Oh no, that wasn't very good." rather than just trying to throw another jab. I want you to think about this while you're in this sparring session. So, your jab didn't land. Think about why did that not land. Was it too slow? Was it too predictable? Did I not have my feet in range? Was it just a sloppy jab? Or did I not really put any thought into throwing a great proper jab? And then once you've thought about that, it's time to improve it. For example, that jab didn't land because you were too predictable. You were in just a constant rhythm. banner. But that's not going to land. So, what have you got to do? Well, you've got to be less predictable. How do you be less predictable when you're throwing a jab? Well, you've got to put a faint in front of that jab. So, now what you going to do? Your next jab you're going to throw, you're going to put a faint in front of it and then throw the punch and then it will land. If it doesn't land, why? We're going to have to reanalyze that again. Chances are it was too slow or your faint wasn't believable. So, what have we got to do? We've got to make a more believable faint and then we've got to throw a faster jab. Now, this right here is what all highlevel fighters do, but without even having to think about it. We instantly know when we're in there why something didn't work and what we've got to do to make it work. And I say we because if you don't know who I am, I was a high level fighter. I competed at the Olympics. I was a European champion. I've sparred thousands and thousands of rounds. I was an undefeated professional boxer as well. So, yeah, that's what you've got to do. But to be able to do this without having to think about it like high level fighters do, but first you've got to think about the analyzation, then you've got to do it. You've got to think about it, do it, think about, do it until you get to the point of being able to do it without thinking about it. And this will come over time. And I'm not just talking about with your offense as well. I'm also talking about your defense. If the guy in front of you is throwing a jab and he's landing the jab, why is he landing that jab? Well, maybe you didn't know when he was going to throw it, which is probably the obvious answer. Why did he not know when he was going to throw it? Was he too fast? Probably not. He was just less predictable. He might have put a faint in front of it. He might have got his feet closer, which again, footwork very important, getting them feet closer to be to land any punches. And he might be making these small little steps coming forward like you see someone like Canelo Alvarez does. He edges that front foot forward to get some range and boom, throws that jab. So yeah, analyzing your defense and then thinking about and doing it is an absolute gamecher. Now, two more in very important things that I want to leave you with when it comes to improving your boxing IQ in sparring instantly. The first thing is, like I said, is footwork. Having fast feet, getting your feet in range to be able to land punches is key. If you haven't got good footwork, which is your foundations, you are always going to struggle getting your feet in to throw them fast punches. You are always going to struggle getting your feet out of range when punches are coming at you. you're always going to struggle to change the angles. So, focusing on specific footwork drills will really help you do that. And there's tons of free videos on YouTube that you can do to learn these footwork drills. I've also got the boxing footwork academy where I give you the step-by-step worldclass drills to be able to improve on your feet. You can even go to boxingfitness.com/footwork or scan here or click the link below and it'll take you through the box footwork academy. I guarantee you this will help your get feet get better, which will also improve your boxing IQ. Now, the next thing that you can do to improve your boxing IQ is analyzing videos of yourself. Take videos of you sparring and do the same thing that I'm talking about when I'm talking about in your head where you think, why did that punch land? Was that too slow? Was that too predictable? Was it uh my feet not in in range? And watch this back on the video. Write a list of things down that you can be working on. And those are the things that you should be working on in the gym every single session. And when you realize the things that you're doing wrong and you're working on them specifically, it's right then when you can improve that aspect of your training. And this is only going to help your full boxing IQ go up. Now, if you enjoyed this video, you should click here and watch this video next because this one is also going to help you get better at boxing. So kick here. Watch this video