Kind: captions Language: en I'm just wearing me new gloves in. What did you think I was doing? You masturbate, don't you? Well, we all do, but for some reason, we are afraid to admit it. But does masturbation or frapping as the Americans like to call it make a big difference in your boxing performance, whether you're training or fighting? Well, thanks to new research, we actually know how all of this works. And on this video, I'm going to tell you exactly what this is doing to your brain and how and if it affects your boxing performance and why many top fighters like Muhammad Ali, Mike Tyson, and many more all chose to cut out this frappin before a fight. But first, I want to tell you a personal story on this that I've never told anyone. Like any young lads, masturbation was part of my daily routine. You're young. You're full of testosterone. You're training hard. The urges are strong and it's natural, right? So, what is the big deal? Cuz so many people in the boxing world talk about it. Like, it really is a big deal. Even the greatest coach of all time, Mickey, said this, "Women weaken legs." So that's why when I qualified for the Olympics in 2008, I wanted to do absolutely everything possible that I could do to give me the advantage so I had success in the Olympics. So I decided to go without ejaculating, no sex, no pulling the plunker, nothing at all. And that decision could have been the decision that helped me win that Olympic medal. But doing this was tough lying in bed at night with these urges. But within a couple of weeks, I felt the difference. I was more explosive in training. I was more focused. I was more locked in. I felt like I had an edge that I'd never had before when I wouldn't do this. Now, maybe all of this was just in my head or there's actually scientific research on this, which I'm going to go over in a second. But first, I need you to understand about testosterone, which is a hormone, and it plays a huge part in giving us the energy that we need, giving us confidence, and even that aggressive edge that you feel like you get when you're training, you're going really hard. Basically, this is the stuff that turns boys into men. It helps men stay strong, stay sharp, stay powerful. So if your testosterone levels are low, this could be the reason why you are feeling tired, lazy, weak, and flat. So yeah, having high testosterone levels is a big deal, especially if you box. And this is why there's been lots of fighters in the past have been caught using testosterone as a performing enhancing drug, which gets them banned from the sport because it really is that powerful. And what people think is if masturbation releases testosterone and you stop masturbating, does that mean that you've got more testosterone? Well, it's a great question, but that's not how it works. When you are pulling your sausage, this doesn't actually release testosterone from your body. You're not losing a big stash of it every time you do it. But here's where some research comes in. There was one study that showed your testosterone can go up by a whopping 40% on day seven of not ejaculating, but by day eight, it drops back down to normal. And most other studies show that there's no real difference in testosterone levels whether you masturbate or not. So stopping doesn't actually give you more testosterone, but it can give you more energy, more focus, and better control both mentally and physically. Now, the idea that you will turn into Superman if you stop doing this for a few weeks leading up to a fight or a training session, it's mostly hype because there's no magic hormone boost here. But what they do see, and this is key, is when you are not ejaculating, this affects your brain. It affects your focus. It affects your discipline and your mental sharpness. And this is where things get really interesting. And this is actually backed by science that there's a chemical shift in your brain. When you do masturbate, this releases a dopamine, the feelgood chemical that you get from eating junk food or scroll on social media or taking drugs or gambling. And when your brain gets a hit of this, it says, "Ooh, I feel good. I want to have more of this. Let's do it again." Now, the more often you do this, like any drug or addiction, the more that you need to do it to get that same pleasure and that same feeling. And what this does lead to is low motivation, low energy, low drive. You're basically frying your reward system. And he's a big kicker for boxing. Masturbation also triggers a hormone called serotonin, which gives you that chilled out and relaxed feeling after you've shot your load. Which sounds good, right? Well, not if you're about to step into the ring or training and you're feeling all calm and soft and lacking that fire under your ass that you need to perform well. In fact, you need the complete opposite of that when you're going to fight. This was the reason why my pro boxing coach Bobby Rimmer didn't want his fighters to be sleeping in the same bed as their wives or the girlfriends the days leading up to the fight. He wanted us to be a real killer in the ring. Not lying in bed hugging your girl and doing that pillar talk and being all soft and sensitive. No, you need to have that mental toughness and you taking yourself away from that environment. You just want to blame that on your opponent and you want to get in that killer mentality, which makes so much sense right now. Before I give you a method of being able to stop doing this addiction, because it is an addiction, so you can feel all of the benefits that I'm talking about, I want you to know about fighters like Mike Tyson. He used to stop doing this building up to a fight. Muhammad Ali was another one that publicly said this. And then someone who spoke about it a lot was multipleweight world champion David Hay. He knew the effects that this had on him. He would go 6 weeks without any ejaculation before a fight. No sex, no masturbation. He said this kept him strong, sharp, and dangerous. And when you look at David here, how he fought, he he was all of them things. Now, these aren't just superstitions. These are strategies. And I felt that myself during the month of no shooting me load before the Olympics. I just felt like this was another sacrifice I was doing for me sport. It was making us stronger. It made us feel better. I was mentally an absolute savage. Now, I'm not saying that you should never do this. You definitely should. It's a it's healthy and it's a natural thing in life. But I'm saying if you're doing this every single day, multiple times a day where you feel tired, unmotivated, anxious, or maybe down, just ask yourself, is what you're doing actually making you feel stronger or weaker? And once you cut it out like I did, you will start noticing a real difference. You'll start thinking more clear. You'll have more confidence. You'll be more aggressive in your training sessions. You'll have better control. You'll sleep better, which helps you with recovery. And as well, you'll have more respect for yourself when you're doing this. And this is not just about, oh, I just need to let off steam. I'm talking about the addiction side of this because it really does hijack your brain, especially when this porn is involved, and you can get it anytime you want on your phone. So, if you are watching this and you're thinking, "Yeah, I want to give this a try. Tony might be right on this." You should try this five-step process that I'm going to give you, mate. And believers, try it and you'll see the results and you'll feel the benefits. So, step number one is I want you to understand that you're not weak. You're just caught in a very common addiction. Your brain has been rewired that you've got to undo because you know you've got this addiction and understanding that is key. Now, moving on to step number two. Like any other addiction, you've got to identify what triggers you when you're doing this. Like, when are you going to do it? Is it bedtime? Is it when you're bored or you're so scrolling on social media? This is what sets it off where I was like, "Oh yeah, I need to go and do it now." You know, understanding them triggers and then cutting them out will really help you prevent you from doing this. Now, moving on. Number three, which is a big one, is replacing this feelgood dopamine hit that you feel like you're getting from watching porn and doing this. Replace it with something else in your life that will really make you feel good. like training hard or building something or helping someone doing stuff that really pay you back in everyday life. Like try and educate yourself on something that might bring in revenue. Now I have an online education course which has got nothing to do with what I'm talking about on this video where it's like stopping you from masturbating or stopping these addictions. But what this does do is help you help other people change their lives. And this is a boxing fitness qualification where I show you how to have success in helping other people in their lives by teaching them boxing for fitness, not for fighting and charging for them sessions as well. So you could be working on this qualification and helping people and being paid for it. Now that's a huge dopamine hit right there by getting paid for teaching boxing for fitness. And you don't even have to have been a boxer to do this. If you're interested in this qualification, just go to boxingfitness.com and you get all the details there. Like I said, mate, that or anything else like that will replace that dopamine hit because you're doing well in life. Now, step number four is be ready when them urges come. Have a plan. Don't just think, "Oh, I'm going to give up now and be weak." Be mentally strong. Do something that will help you with your dopamine and serotonin levels. Like, you could, when you get that urge, say, "All right, I'm going to do 20 jumping jacks. All right, I'm going to do 20 burpee jumps now, or I'm going to get in a cold shower." and doing things like exercise or getting in a cold shower. What that does, it tells your brain that you've just achieved something and it'll give you that feelgood dopamine hit that will replace the urge of doing the other thing. Now, step number five is be accountable. Just know that this is going to be hard. If you can tell someone, it might be one of your friends what you're going to do and even challenge them and say, "Let's see who can do it for the longest." And I'm telling you, mate, when you do this stuff, it's going to really help you in the gym and you'll see a big difference. And also what can help you in the gym is learning how to improve your stamina. So if you click here, I've done a full video showing you some stamina tips and tricks that will really help you. So click here and watch this video