Kind: captions Language: en Oh, and he's blasting her and she's pregnant as well. Oh, mate, did you see that? Does damage have you ever been flicked in the before? That's six, seven memes everywhere. The internet's funny, right? Everyone posts videos of them training, but all of them are not great. And I'm going to be looking at some of the worst ones on the internet. Starting with this one right here. Oh, look at them downward elbows jumping up in the air. I've got a feeling this coach is having her jump up and down like that for a different reason other than training. Look where his eyeballs are looking. Look at that. And he's in there with his jacket on. Yeah. Makes you think. And again, he's standing there staring at them. &gt;&gt; When your fighter misses the mitt, &gt;&gt; Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; Oh, he blasted her in the chin right there. Let's watch that again. &gt;&gt; Lordes. So the punch kind of slides off the mitt and hits her in the face. What's even more crazy about this is her nails. How is someone with nails like that being able to hold the bloody mitts? &gt;&gt; Oh mate, what's that coach doing? Like that's stupid. Like that's really really stupid. The coach is laughing at the end there as if it's like funny. It's not funny, mate. Look at your student. Your student's obviously a novice. Look at his arms like this. And you just blast up with a big elbow and go through the glove and hit him in the temple. Now mate, that's ridiculous. Then you got that little smile on your face at the end. Should be embarrassed with that, mate. Look at that. Absolutely ridiculous. But I guess it works for them. Now you want to burst this bottle of Pepsi. Mate, that looked painful. &gt;&gt; What do you see? Who sees? Well, actually that's great. Yeah. Tell you what though, in boxing, you've got to keep a poker face. And we see the guy here on the mits. If he really was tired, he's doing good because no matter how tired you get, you've got to keep that poker face. Point of view, you're doing bads with your coach and your hands are low. So, his black gets hit. It's true, right? If you drop your hand, you're going to slap off your trainer. You're going to not drop your hand again when the social media girl needs. &gt;&gt; Excuse me. I'm just gonna sneak in here real quick. &gt;&gt; And we see this in gyms all the time right now, right? Where people are taking videos of theelves trying to get that be best footage. But I love just walks in between them. Excuse me. I'm going to sneak in here right now. Love it. &gt;&gt; Come on. Come on. Tight defense. Defense. Defense. Let's go. Let's go, baby. Come on. Let's go. Come on. Come on. Come on. Christ. Kick my hands up when you snap. &gt;&gt; He's dropping his mitts and he's showing. &gt;&gt; Oh, this is hilarious. There's a lot of old school boxing coaches actually like this, you know. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we see I see this. I've seen this before lots of times where coaches are like this where they're just over eager. They're really really passionate and the way they put that passion out is by talking really fast and and rushing and trying to show them and show them how to do it like this. And uh when when you're experienced like I what I am, that's so annoying. I guess as well when you're inexperienced. Yeah, it it can be overwhelming. It is bloody overwhelming. Great video. Oh, look at this guy. Now I I get coaches can come in all different sizes. To be a great coach, you don't have to be in shape. But to be a good coach, you've got to wear some coaching attire and at least learn how to hold the mits. What he's doing there is not only going to hurt that woman if she can punch proper, but he's going to hurt himself. And he's trying to come back. Yeah, this is so weird. And this is a video that went bloody viral and I can see why. Good job. &gt;&gt; Oh, and he said at the end, good job. Wow. Now that is insane. Now, I want you to just watch this again, but see his coach. Watch how fast his coach is. Because yeah, Javant Davis is fast, but for each punch that he's thrown at that speed, his coach is coming back like this. Now, that being said, I'm not a fan of this sort of mid work for getting better at boxing because if you look at these punches, they're like this, right? Little arm punches. Nothing there. That being said, there is some benefits of this, like reaction speed and that fast twitch muscle fibers that we need to get better at boxing. But yeah, I guess it is pretty impressive when your gym trainer becomes a boxing trainer. &gt;&gt; Oh, look at this guy. This is what a lot of people do when they try to learn the mit beginner and they got hands this wide and slapping down and it's terrible. Now, I get this woman's getting a good workout, but this trainer who doesn't know how to teach boxing correctly will not retain that client. So, he'll not be able to continue to earn money. Now, to be able to retain clients, you've got to make sure you know how to hold the mits correctly. Cuz if you can hold the mits correctly as a personal trainer in fitness, you can earn a lot of money. And I've done this for years. Got so much experience in boxing fitness. And I actually teach this on the boxing fitness academy, which is the world's number one most accredited boxing fitness certification course. and I'll be in USA this summer teaching this course. So if you want to learn how to teach boxing for fitness, which you don't have to have been a boxer to-d doist, like we can see this guy on the screen right now who's charging for these sessions. You don't have to have experience. You need to understand it. And in America this year, if you're there and you want to come and learn from me to get this qualification, I've put the link below and also scan here and I'll take you through. I would love to work with you in person in USA this year. It's going to be a game changer, mate. And I 100% guarantee you you'll be way better than this guy and you'll be able to learn how to charge money for these sessions and make a nice little side hustle or a little career change. So click that link below and check it out. We got former world champion Andy Ruiz here on the body pad working with his coach. And Andy Ruiz is a big puncher. He's going to knock Anthony Joshua out. Nice combo. Hard to do these combinations on a body shape like this. Oh mate, did you see that? That coach has got some chin. Let me slow this down and show you what we just seen there. Was a lovely combination. So he throw a left lead hook. The coach is putting dropping the body shield for the body shot. Boom. Hits him right on the chin and his legs buckle. Andy Ruiz like, "Oh, I'm sorry, mate. Too late. The brain's already shook around the skull. The damage is done." And this guy's definitely got a big concussion off that. &gt;&gt; This is what high level mitt work actually looks like. I know most people like to post fancy mitwork cuz that's what gets views, but this is the type of mitwork that makes champions right here. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yo, don't let the internet fool you. This is what highle mit work. &gt;&gt; Yeah, this is high level. I guess not. Now he looks like he's cooling down at the end of a session. But what the guy on the video is basically saying is when you're hitting the mits regular like this rather than them crazy combos that Javantia Davis was doing, this is way more beneficial. And that's kind of what this video is about. And I 100% agree with that. So, this is a super viral video. What's he gonna do with that big bob there? Wow, that is crazy. Look at the height on that. Some power as well. So, this is a video that went viral. &gt;&gt; 1 2 6 3 6 seven. &gt;&gt; That's 67 memes everywhere. My kids are doing it as well. And then he slaps her. Now, this reminds me of when I was on the mits with the guy before and I said one two one two hook two and the climate went hook two hook made fun of us. You know the hawk two girl huck? &gt;&gt; Yeah. When I said hook two, it sounds like that I guess. Oh mate, look at that. He kicked them shinbone on chinbone and that trainer is out cold. Oh wow. And if you watch it again, the trainer drops his mits. He's trying to catch that kick. That's looks like it's going to the body. And wow, he blasts him over the top. And it's good night. So, we got the smaller trainer &gt;&gt; lifting his arms right up like this. And when you're on the mits and you got someone taller than you, you shouldn't lift your arms up the way he's doing. You need to keep your elbows in and raise your arms, which we teach on the certification course, or you get injured. Now he's got them on the shoulders. That's better. It reminds me of when David Hay fought this guy and David H's coach was on stilts in the ring with his arms up in the air to make him that big to prepare for that. So now he's on the paddles in a busy gym. The body belt. &gt;&gt; Oh, and he kicked him and he's uh that's proper dangerous. Oh, look at this. So, this is one of them gender reveals, right? Oh, and he's blasting her and she's pregnant as well. And he gets the girl. That is absolutely crazy. Why? Why did he hit her again? See if it was a boy. But look at the woman there. She's like, "Ah, all panicky, which you would be with that guy. Blast him in them punches." Oh, that was really close to his face. I even thought I hit him in the face. Oh, he hit him that time. Wow, that is mental. Look at that. He smashed him in the face with hard elbow. Oh, even hurt me hand. You can't be doing that. That is ridiculous. He even nearly hit him in the first time. So now blame the mit man there because look where the pad is. It's like behind his chin. So yeah, mate, you're going to get smashed in the face holding your mitts there for elbow. Just on a knock you 3210. See what happened there? He got kicked in the head and they've edited it so his head like spins around. That's funny. I'm surprised that they could edit when they're shooting videos on a phone, whatever this is. But yeah, nice. &gt;&gt; What was all that about? And that looks like one of them kicks that like really does damage. Have you ever been flicked in the balls before? And it Oh, mate. Yeah, that looks very painful. Probably the most painful thing on this video so far. Oh, there it's again. I'm not watching that. &gt;&gt; Another one. Another one. Oh, he's knocked him out. really. But again, watch what the coach does. He's got his arms down and the kick goes over the top and blasts him in the face. That's why you should learn boxing mitt work, not this bloody kickboxing stuff. Since I started reviewing videos, thousands of people have sent me their videos to review and roast. And on this video right here, I do that and I don't hold back. I give them some stick. Click here and watch this video