Kind: captions Language: en I want to tell you a story. I was about to fight in the senior national ABA semi-finals and I was absolutely terrified because the person I was about to step in the ring with beat me 12 months earlier. He was the African champion from Nigeria who came to the UK. This guy has won multiple national African champions. I don't think he'd been beat. He was a fast southpaw who would punch hard with both hands and he was knocking everyone out. He was as tough as the cub. And before I boxed him 12 months earlier, I'd won seven national titles in a row. I was the number one fighter in the country. I stepped up to senior level. This guy came in from Africa and beat us. And one people normally say when they get beat is, oh, I want a rematch. I want to I want to prove myself to want to beat him again. But not me. I was thinking, I hope I don't ever have to fight this guy again. He's absolute beast. but he entered the same tournament as me and he was knocking everyone out until we got to the semi-finals on this day and it was time for me to step into the ring with him again. Now, before I show you that fight and get on to it, I just want to say I was the golden boy in my gym in my area winning all these titles and no one had ever beat me from Great Britain since I was like 13 years old and now I was 21. And I always remember one of the coaches in my gym was always making fun of me saying, "Oh, I'm going to get Tony Salam to come up. He'll sort you out." And it really got to us. So, here I was about to step in the ring with him again. And I put enormous pressure on myself. And as well, I knew if I won this tournament, I would get selected for England to go to the Commonwealth Games, which if you're American and you don't know what these are, this is a tournament like the Olympics. Huge, but for the Commonwealth countries. So, here I was stepping in the ring with this guy again, terrified. Of course, he could punch really hard with either hand. He was shredded. I remember you had massive arms as well, but that southpaw style was something that I really used to struggle with. I'm going to show you exactly how this fight came. Now, right now, you can see me, I'm a little nervous there. I'm moving around the ring, hitting myself a little bit. Uh, I'm thinking, "Come on, Tony. Come on, Tony." But as well, I'm always thinking about the power in his hands. I used to always go about the judges. I stopped in the middle of the ring. I've never watched this fight back for absolutely years now. What you're about to see is something that you'll probably not expect with two highle fighters. And here it is. So you see the southpaw style. I came come out. I'm the taller guy. I've got my lead hand out there. Can you see what I'm doing? I'm putting that small pressure on with me front foot. Little faints here and there. And there. Straight away I faint the jab there through the middle. Then I turn that jab into a lead hook and I hit him. So right there, I think I scored the first point of the fight. But now again, I'm back to it. I'm waiting. He's a counter puncher. See what he's doing? He's waiting as well. We've both got our lead hands hands out. And as soon as I think that he's going to come forward and throw his big left hand to see what I do for my defense. Boom. I push off my front foot and I move back. Now, this is killing a little bit of confidence in him. Not right now cuz it's really early in the fight, but for him to not throw that left hand cuz now he thinks I'm going to miss. And it's that footwork, what you can see right now, which is helping me control this fight. And if you see, the lead hand is out. I'm not throwing any punches, but I'm putting pressure on. So, I'm waiting for him to lead off, and then I will try and counter. But I'm just waiting. I'm just waiting. I'm waiting. Now, to a lot of people, this might look boring, but this is a highle fight right now. I'm fainting. I'm fainting. I'm waiting. He comes forward. I move back. And then I try and swing that lead hook to counter again. He's coming forward. Now, he's probably thinking getting a bit frustrated with all of the waiting, but you're going to see what happens in a second, which makes this pay off. Again, I'm moving them feet. I'm always prepared to move me feet. I'm fainting. Not throwing any punches. But, see, that's what he wants. And straight there, because I've been waiting for so long and the frustration is building up, I step in, boom, throw a nice solid jab, hit him on the chin, and then move back. And right now, I think I'm either one or two points up. And then he knows that I've hit him. What does he do? He gets his mat up. He knows he's behind now. He's got to try and get that point back. Now he's starting to fight a little bit on emotion, which is exactly what I wanted right now. He's motioning again. Boom. I hit him with a pivot hook. You can see there the hook's landed. And then the back foot comes out. He's went wild with his hand over the top. And now he's thinking, "Oh no, what's happening?" He knows he's behind one down on me. They're one or two points up and he hasn't landed one punch on me. Now his corner will be telling him you've got to put force some punches now. And when I'm coming out, I'm prepared for him to start throwing punches. So back to it again. I'm got that lead hand out. I'm waiting. I'm waiting. I'm waiting. Keeping that back hand up by me face, keeping that nice wide stance. So I'm in always in a position to throw a punch, but I always move as well. And you see what he's doing. What any highlevel Southport does. Look what he's doing. He is moving to his right away from my right hand. So you see he's stepping around. He's trying to get his foot on the outside which he has. What my game plan would normally be, especially if the guy was taller than me, would be the opposite. I would try and get my foot on the outside now. So we're here. I'm still waiting. I look for that right hand. I miss. I'm short with it. Lead hands out. And right now I am so switched on. So switched on. You can't switch off for a second with this guy. Then he jumps in there with a left hand. I move me feet again. &gt;&gt; The referees had nothing to do all fight. So, he jumps in there. We're ahead down, which is fine. Got that lead hand out again. I'm waiting. I don't think I'll throw any punches this round. I've hardly thrown any punches this round or none. Get inside. He's strong. I lead off for a lead hook to the body. But then I'm thinking, "No, Tony, back the game plan. Don't get sloppy. Keep moving the feet. Doesn't matter if it's boring." And right there. So he rushes in there for a big left hand or he faints the big left hand which is great which high level boxers do. Then I throw my right hand. It kind of lands but he's moving his head as it lands. So it's skimming off but it's now where he throws some punches and he's trying to get me to stand with him and trade which I do for a little bit there but then it's like Tony I've got to get back to me game plan and then I step back and then there is that nice long lead hook again which is perfect for a southpaw. So it's coming out. Boom. hit hit him with a lead hook on the side of the head there. And right now I'm moving. I'm moving on to he's left hand, which you shouldn't do, but you can get away with this with the south ball if you're out of range, which I am right there. So, you know, everyone tells you move away from the left hand, but I'm out of range, so I can get away with that. Now, look, I'm out of range, so I can move away from that left hand. Again, I'm back to waiting. I'm back to waiting. And right here, you see a little bit of sloppiness. I'm loading up that right hand, but I've kept my left hand up, so he can't counter us, which is nice. But it was a sloppy right hand. Now, back to waiting. There's hardly any points being scored in this round. And this waiting goes on and on. But again, this is some highle stuff here. And if you're an amateur boxer, you've got to think like this. I throw a nice long jab there through the hand. It kind of looks like it lands a little bit, but I don't think it score a point. He comes rushing in. He's trying to get me on the ropes, but as soon as he gets close, I've got to move me feet. There, I got him on the ropes. Maybe he scored a point there, but then I get back to it. back of the win. Don't want to get sloppy. End of round two. Get in me corner. Jimmy Richardson, who was an absolute legend. Legend coach. He's there helping us. And I'm guessing that he's saying Tony, keep it under control. Don't get sloppy. Don't get your back on the ropes. Don't get into a fight with them. Cuz in the past, I've been known to get into fights with people. So, I'm guessing them's the the the things that he's telling me right now. And maybe St. Tony ahead, but it's a very very close fight. And if I'm the other corner, I'm telling him, you need to get your feet close and throw more punches. If you get him on the ropes, keep him on the ropes. That's what I would be telling that other corner, but as well, keep fainting. So, here we go. Round number three. Now, he's coming out already. I can see his hands moving faster. He's coming out with a little bit more urgency. I'm staying calm and relaxed. And then I throw the jab there, which is the most important punch of boxing, even against South Buzz. And you'll see here, boom. And it lands, but he's moving back at the same time. So, maybe it didn't count as a scoring punch. I I don't know right now, but it actually was. But now he's starting to rush and this is what happens. I hit him with a perfect right hand. I'm not going down. I'm actually getting goose pimples now thinking about this. This is actually one of the highlights of my career. Like I had 106 fights and and that moment right there was one of the best moments of me life actually putting him down. Now let's watch this again in slow motion. I feel like I want to fill up seeing this because the happiness that that kind of brought, especially after the fight was amazing. So, he's got his lead hand up, which you should do when you're coming in close. So, I can't hit him with a hook. He throws a hook and he's getting wild with his left hand. I step back slightly. I throw a lead hook and then boom, straight left hand down the pipe and look at his stance. Now, a big reason why I knocked him down was because of my footwork. I step that front foot around. Now I throw my right hand when he's square on and it hits him clean and because he's square on, he's off balance and it's a powerful shot and boom, he goes down like that. He gets straight back up. Now he's behind on points. That was a solid solid punch. But if also this will have won his respect as well. He's just been knocked down probably for the first time in his life, I would guess. And now I'm getting back to it. I'm back to the moving moving and I'm not going to get sloppy. I'm not going to fall into a trap of trying to finish him off trying to fight where he is now. He's coming. He knows he's well behind. Then I hit him again with another solid right hand there as he rushes in. I kind of skim off his head this time. Now he knows that he's got work to do. This guy is hungry. He's determined. He's tough. I'll move me feet again. He's swinging some wild punches. He's really trying to up the pace of this fight, which is the right thing to do. But he's also got to be careful. And what I do here, I hold him. See, I'm holding him with my my lead hand there. I'm thinking, let's get through this round. It's really nearly at the end of the round. Nice one, two there. Score another point. I threw a little combination and stood with them. Back to the moving, moving the feet, moving the feet. And as you can see, the reason why I Oh, and then here, you just seen a lovely jab. One, two, jab, hits him clean. Boom. Right hand hits him clean. Not clean enough where I'm going to knock him down, but I've just scored another one or two points there. Now he's thrown combinations. Now he wants a war. He p, like I said, he punches really hard with both hands. He He He's wanting to put me out of here now. He's falling behind on points big time. End of the third round. Go back to the corner. The corner is very happy with us, but at the same time, anything can happen in boxing. This guy's an absolute beast. He knocks people out for fun. So, here we go. Start of the last round. Same thing. I'm waiting. He comes and leads off. Look at that. He lands a nice little left hand there. He pushes down my my lead hand and throws a nice one two or a hook two. I'm back in the moving now. He lands a lovely left hand to the chest area which is a great place to hit someone. And he's getting thrown loads of punches now. But like I said, I like to fight. I like to have a fight. I'm a fighter, so I want to stand. I'm like, "Come on, let's go. Let's go." But he hits me there with a nice left hand, then a right hook on the temple. And again with a nice one two like oo this is a bad idea move I'm away let's hold him now I'm going into his territory now he wants to you know have have this fighters but I need to get back to my waiting and I am waiting there now just look at my footwork right now like this is why I had so much success in boxing winning an Olympic medal a European gold and doing so well against monsters like this guy because of my footwork now if you do boxing you really should fix your feet it's the most important thing I'm telling you. And you can do that by using the boxing footwork academy. I teach you so many tips and tricks about footwork. The link is below. You can scan this on the screen right now. Go to boxingfitness.com/footwork. This program is a gamecher, mate. A game changer. And get footwork like me or even better. He tries to do some pivot. See that? He try to do some fancy pivot here. He steps with his front foot. He pivots around. But when he does that, I'm thinking, what are you doing? And then boom. I hit him with a straight right hand, but it wasn't completely straight. It was a bent arm shot. Now the referee's warning his corner cuz his corners saying, "Come on, push. Come on, you got to go. Tony, work." &gt;&gt; It's funny. That's one of my coaches shouting, "Work Tony, work." We both called Tony. &gt;&gt; Boom. Another solid right hand by me as he rushes in. But this guy's a beast. Look, he's coming forward. Pulling my head down there, which I let him pull me head down cuz I knew the referee would warn him for doing that. He's got to get a knockdown or some clean knockout to win this fight. Now I'm moving. Thinking, come on. Get through this. And I've won it. The bell went and I've won. Oh, feel I'm filling up with tears right now. This meant so much to us. It really really meant so much to us. I think it's one of the other than the Olympics. Well, I had a few good wins, but like other than winning a national final, this was the best fight, best feeling that I ever had in the world, beating this guy, putting him down after the year of torment that I had. Wasn't through this, it wasn't through this coach, through someone else in the gym who used to always make fun of me about this this guy. And there's the respect there. Nice guy. And the score was 6-2. That was how close this fight was. six points for two fights. And you can see from my face there, one of the happiest moments of me life. After this fight, I went on to the finals where I won the National Senior ABA Championships. And then I went to the Commonwealth Games for England. Let me know in the comments below if you like this type of video and you want me to do another one where I review my final fight in this tournament, which was actually more entertaining than that one. Now, one way you can improve your footwork is by doing the drill I show you on this video right here. If you click here, watch this video next.