Kind: captions Language: en Are you still training at 40 or above the way you were when you were younger? Or maybe you see these young guys in the gym and you're trying to keep up with them doing the same training as them. If so, you're probably doing the wrong sort of training for your age. And maybe you're picking up some little injuries here or there. Maybe you're not improving or maybe you just feel like you're not getting the most out of each session. Well, in this video, I'm going to show you three things that you should be doing during training, whether you're 40 years old or older. And when I did this, I didn't just enjoy training more. I got in better shape. I started to love training again. And I actually won a Guinness World Record on my 40th birthday for throwing the most punches anyone's ever done in 24 hours. And I could do this because of the adjustments in my training. But before I tell you then which will definitely help you improve, you first need to understand something and that is a 20 something year old can push themselves to the max every single session. I used to do this. But when you hit 40 or above, we have to train smarter. And when we do this the correct way, you can actually get better than you would back in the days when you were going hard all the time. And to do this, you just need to make some small adjustments. But if you don't make these adjustments, you'll probably be going round in a circle and just never improving, and you're also risking a long-term injury. So, here are the three things. And one of them is something when I completely removed this from my training, the gains got ridiculous. And I guarantee you're probably doing this as well. Now, number one, and I'm sorry to say this because I know it's going to annoy a lot of people who are currently doing this, and that is stop head sparring. Why the hell do you need to get punched in the face? There's absolutely no reason whatsoever for you to do this. But look, I get it. Even after I retired from boxing, being an Olympic medalist and an undefeated professional, I still used to enjoy getting in there and sparring. There's something about that that makes you feel legit. And it's that alpha male inside of us that kind of feels like we need that competition. But what this is doing, it's shortening your life. Now, that might seem extreme, but let me tell you what the science has to say. Because every time you're in there and getting hit in the head, it's doing something to your brain that is very hard to virtually impossible to reverse. Even if these punches are not hard, this is chipping away at our memory, at our focus, which if you think about it, this is going to shorten the quality of our life. And it's said that it can take up to 10 years to show that it's affected you. So, you might be head sparring right now. You might come out of the ring with a little bit of a headache and then you feel normal again. So, you think, "Oh, it's fine." Or maybe you're just feeling fine all the time coming out the ring and you feel like, yeah, it's not done anything to me. But the chances are the effects haven't kicked in yet. And I completely stopped head sparring around 10 years ago. Even though the spars that I was doing back then was just with clients when I was teaching them boxing for fitness and we were going very light, I just felt like it was meaningless. And even though I was getting tapped in the head, it was still bad for me. Now you might think, Tony, I need some sort of competitiveness in the gym. Hitting the heavy bags is boring. And I understand this more than anyone, mate. Believe me. But here's the thing. Shoulder and body sparring is very competitive work. And if you're doing it with a great training partner, you can still get hurt when you're doing this, which only keeps that competitiveness there. But you're going to be getting hit with a body shot that's not going to be affecting the way that you live for the rest of your life. And with shoulder and body sparring, you can still work on your timing, on your defense, on your offense, on your counter punches, reading the punches coming and get an unbelievable workout as well without costing you the damage that it's going to do to your brain. Now, you might think, well, Tony, I only spar light taps to the head. I'll be fine. &gt;&gt; I'm sorry to say it, mate, but they still do some damage. Not as much damage as hard sparring, but me personally, I don't want to take any more damage to my brain than I've currently got already. I've been punched in the head thousands of times since I was 10 years old. And I'm currently doing everything in my power to have the sharpest brain possible. I get brain scans all the time. I'm constantly in the sauna. I'm exercising, eating good, healthy food, which I'll talk about in a minute. And I'm taking multiple supplements every day like creatine and NMN, which I get from a research company that is owned by a pro boxer who is obsessed with brain health and longevity. And I can't recommend these supplements highly enough because it's supporting me on my brain health journey. And I really thank do not age.org for sponsoring this video. All the details are below for that great company. Now, another thing that I do now to protect my brain, and I'm not telling you to do this, but I don't drink any alcohol because again, I'm trying to do everything I can to protect my brain. Now, now, if none of this bothers you and you're thinking, "Oh, well, I'm still going to spa whether it's light or hard." Who the hell am I to tell you to stop doing this? Well, I'm actually a former successful boxer who's been educating people on boxing since 2012 and getting into odd holder. &gt;&gt; So, maybe I am the right person to tell you, but again, it's all up to you, my friend. Now, let's move on to number two. How do you measure what a good session is or not? Because what you should stop doing, and I used to do this all the time, is stop measuring how good your training session is by how wrecked you feel at the end of the session. Instead, we need to train with intentions. And when you do this, here's what it gives you. You walk out that gym feeling sharp, feeling like you've got better at boxing. You feel happy within yourself because you've just had a great workout instead of feeling absolutely wrecked for work or for the next day. Now, I didn't do this for years. I would always be in the mindset of go hard or go home. That's the way to do this. But at our age, that's wrong. When I was training for the Olympics, yeah, I could do that. I was in the gym over 20 times a week. And even back then, I wouldn't even be doing proper warm-ups or cool downs. I would just go in, go hard, and be wrecked and be buzzing with a session. And then because I was so young, my body would recover naturally and I would feel great and go in for my next session. If I try to do this now, I would be in bed for a bloody week. Now, in fact, I was training jiu-jitsu recently and I did the same thing when I didn't focus on my warm-ups or cool downs. I would just go in there and go hard and I end up in a bloody neck brace for months and getting injections into my spine because I was training like a bloody idiot. I ignored what my body was telling us and I thought I was a young man ready to go. But mate, it was a mistake. We have to have intentions with our training, not ego. You want to leave the gym feel like you could have squeezed a little bit more out of that session rather than completely emptying the tank. So, it's important when you are training to have a goal for your session. If your goal is to get a great workout and get better at boxing, we can combine them both by making sure you're working on the specific things round by round. If you haven't got a goal for your training and you're just going to go in there and blast that heavy bag and get exhausted, you're not going to improve and you'll probably not get fitter the right way. Instead, if you're measuring your sessions by how many rounds you did, maybe how you felt in them rounds, what your recovery time was, and you are pushing yourself not to 100% but 80 to 90%, and also in them rounds, when you're pushing yourself, you're working on specific things to help you get better at boxing, it's right then when you will see massive improvements. Now, I want to just say when we are training at our age, even though we might not be as fast as we were when we were younger, the one thing that we should be working on to improve our defense, offense, punching power, punching speed, our counter punching, our conditioning is our footwork. If you've improved your footwork, everything else will improve. And I've got the footwork academy link is below. You should check that out. It's absolute game changer. Now, let's talk about number three because this one genuinely scared me. Since 2016, I've been part of the fighter brain study at the Cleveland Clinic in Las Vegas. This is the largest fighter brain study in the whole world. And when I went in, I was just thinking, "This is routine. It's going to be cool." But then they showed me the scan results after. And I've never spoke about this before, but I've currently got a large split in my membrane. That's the layer that connects your skull to your brain. And this was off being punched in the head. When I found this out, I was absolutely terrified. I was gutted. You know, I had two babies at home. And now I'm standing there talking to this doctor and I realize that all of these punches that I've taken to the head since I was 10 years old from my 106 fights and thousands of rounds of sparring has all been adding up kind of silently. And now I can see it right in front of us. And it was that moment that changed everything. And here's what I want you to understand because this can be beneficial to you as well and it can have effects on your training. Now how you train after 40 is only half the story. What you do outside the gym is the other half. And most people, including me, for a long time, are completely ignoring the second half. But after that scan, I made some serious changes in my life. I bought myself a sauna because sauna therapy is great for circulation. And when you've got something wrong with your brain, you want to get that blood pumping around there as much as you can to help with recovery. I stopped eating all the processed shitty foods and try to eat as much organic food as possible, which I'm completely doing now. When I stopped putting that rubbish in me body, not only did it make me feel better in everyday life, but also it helped me perform better in the gym. Now, here's why this matters for your training specifically. When I made these changes, my recovery between sessions improved massively. I was sharper. I was going into training with more energy. I could last longer in my training sessions. I stopped dragging myself through the sessions and I start actually looking forward to training again. You see, our training is only as good as our recovery. And if you've ever trained when your body is really sore and you're just knackered, you will know exactly what I'm talking about. We're kind of get the most out of that session. Now, at the age of 40, we can't out train a bad lifestyle. At 22, we could. We will get away with this. But now, we can't. Our body simply won't allow it. But here's the thing that I want you to get out of this. Right now, I'm talking about getting sauna therapy, eating good, you know, you got to drink good, you got to exercise good, you got to be smart, you got to sleep good as well, which is another massive one. It seems like a lot, but just doing small little things at a time will really help you develop these habits, which we want to get into. Right now, I've got great habits when it comes to my body, my health, which helps me train in the gym. So, by doing these small things, makes a huge difference. Now, if you want to see a video side by side of how I trained when I was 23 to how I trained at 40, if you click this link right here, it'll take you through to a video where I show you how now I train way smarter. If you click here, watch this video