Kind: captions Language: en What if I told you that most people train in boxing or doing the right exercises but in the complete wrong way? Now, if you copy this exact workout that I'll give you on this video, I guarantee not only will it improve your all round boxing, but your cardio will go through the roof. Well, I had 106 fights, won an Olympic medal, European gold medal, seven national titles, and towards the end of my professional boxing career, I was sharing a gym and a coach with Aander Hollyfield, who was four times heavyweight world champion. We wor with one of the best coaches in the world, Tommy Brooks. And in all of the time that I've spent in this sport, I've seen the same thing that's holding people back at every level. And it's not the lack of talent, it's not the lack of effort, but the lack of structure. And by the end of this video, you'll have the exact session that I used as a professional boxer. And I'm going to walk you through all seven phases of the exact session, the exact rounds, the exact rest period, and exactly why each one of these earns its place. Once I've spoke about all of this, you're going to be able to take a screenshot of this session and use it the very next time you train. Now, before I get into that, I just need to see most people think a good boxing session means that you've got tired. Well, that is so wrong. Getting tired is easy. I can get tired right now by doing 50 burpee jumps. That doesn't mean I'm going to get better. And getting better is way harder than getting tired. They're just not the same thing. Now, let me ask you something. When you walk into a gym right now, do you have a plan for every single round? Or do you just start hitting things and figure it out as you go like most people do? Now, I just want you to think about this. We've got boxer A who walks into the gym, hits the bag, does some shadow boxing, maybe does some jump rope, gets a great sweat on, goes home feeling like, "Yeah, I had a great boxing session today." And then we've got boxer B, who walks into the session with a plan. Every phase has a purpose. Every round has a theme. Every rest period is time for your specific goal. Now, boxer A wonders why in six months of training, they're still feeling like a beginner, where boxer B gets measurably better every single session. The difference isn't the talent. It isn't even how many hours you put in. It's all about the structure that I'm about to give you. I know some of you might be thinking, "But Tony, I've been training for a year and I feel like I'm improving." And that's great. But what if you could get twice the improvements from the same amount of time spent in the gym? And that's exactly what this session gives you. I know I'm going on a little bit, but it's important that you understand all of that stuff. Now, this session isn't something that I read about. It's something that I did alongside one of the most decorated fighters in the history of the sport. And every detail matters, and I'm going to tell you exactly why when we go through each one. Phase one is a full body warm-up. Now, before you skip this, I know what you're probably thinking. &gt;&gt; Tony, I know how to warm up. I just grab a jump rope and get going. &gt;&gt; Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Do not do that. And this is what I used to see even in professional gyms. Guys will walk up, they'll grab a jump rope while their shoulders are still tight, their back is still locked from sitting in the car on the way to the gym. And then when you start training, they wonder why everything feels off. A warm-up is not just a tradition. It's not something that coaches tell you to do just for the sake of telling you to do. It's to protect your body and at the same time enhance every single round that's going to come after it. You're working your ankles, your knees, your hips, your lower back, your shoulder, everything from the ground up. Every single muscle group on your body needs to get warm, needs to get woken up before you do this session. Now, here's a quick tip before you do your warm up that a lot of people miss is wrap your bloody hands before your warm up starts, not after you've warmed up and you start wrapping your hands and you start cooling down. Doesn't make sense, mate. And do this warm up for like 10 to 15 minutes. You should never skip this. Now, moving on to phase two is jump rope. Now, here's the first thing that's going to surprise you about this. When I was jump roping before a training session, I didn't just do two rounds. We did four rounds. Now, this was four three minute rounds with a 30-se secondond rest in between. But we didn't take that 30 second rest. We went all the way through. Now, you might be thinking, Tony, that's too long for me to stay on the jump rope. But stay with us cuz here's something that most people don't know. Because I understand that jump rope can be harsh on your joints. But in our gym, we didn't jump rope on the hard solid floor. We were lucky enough to have these boards that had sponge underneath them that was great for jumping rope on. It was less impact on the knees, less impact on the shins, and you could actually jump rope in your boxing boots. Now, quick tip on this. If you're jump roping on a hard concrete floor with boxing boots, it's going to absolutely ruin your mate. If you've got a jump rope on a concrete floor, you should be wearing running shoes to do that and then put your boots on after that if you've got to. Ideally, you've got uh some sponge or some rubber that you can jump on. Only now are you ready to go on to phase three, which is your boxing session. And phase three starts with shadow boxing. This phase, if done properly, separates people who improve from people who just waste time doing shadow boxing. Now, here I would do four threeminute rounds, 30 second rest in between each round. Now, you might be thinking, well, shadow boxing's boring. What are you actually thinking when you're working inside them shadow boxing rounds? Now, if you do shadow boxing, let me ask you this question. What are you actually thinking about when you're doing them shadow boxing rounds? If your answer is, well, I'm thinking about what I'm going to have for lunch after this. I'm thinking about my heavy bag session after this. I'm thinking about all of these good-looking girls around the gym who's looking at me. Well, that right there is a big problem, my friend. When I was in the gym with the Vander Holfield, as you can see on the screen right now, we shadow boxing the ring. We had Tommy Brooks watching us both. As you can see right now, we're not just shadow boxing going through the motions. Every round was themed. If you've got a fight coming up like me and Aander did, it's then when you can think about game plans, exactly what you're going to be doing if your opponent was in front of you, their style, their patterns, how you're going to beat them. And if you haven't got a fight coming up, you need to be working on your bad habits. Now, don't be sitting there thinking, &gt;&gt; "Don't worry, what are you talking about? You've never seen me before. I haven't got any bad habits, &gt;&gt; mate. We've all got bad, bloody habits, right? Them are things that you need to be working on. Maybe you're dropping your non-punching hand. Maybe you're not really fully extending them arms when you throw that one, two." Now, if you haven't got a coach who's telling you this and and maybe you don't know exactly what you need to be working on, so you might want to screenshot this next part. You should use the ideal punching method. And this method is created for you to improve yourself. And ideal stands for identify where you identify your mistakes. Drill drill out your bad habits, evaluate, analyze, and level up. And I've actually created a full free program downloadable materials to give you exactly what you need to be working on for each round. You can scan here or click the link below after this video and I'll send you this for totally free. No strings. This is the ideal puncher method which will give you the things that you need to be working on inside of each round if you haven't got a coach who is constantly drilling you, which you should be doing every single session to help you improve in boxing. Now, let's move on to phase four of this training session, which is very important. Now, I've got two different sections to this because it depended where I was in training camp which one of these I would do and depending on which day in training camp it was as well. This is between hitting the heavy bag and sparring. Now, when I was close to a fight, I would be sparring two to three times a week depending if we get sparring partners in and the days that I wasn't having sparring partners in, I would be going straight to the heavy bag. This is exactly what Aander Holyfield would be doing. If you didn't know, Evander Holyfield beat Mike Tyson twice in his prime. He beat Riddick Bo and is one of the most decorated fighters in the history of the sport. So if it was good for him, it's good for me, it's good for you as well. Now in sparring, I would love to say that we did a lot of technical sparring cuz I don't believe in a hard spar all the time. Now this is one thing that I disagreed with my trainer on, Tommy Brooks, is when I was going in the ring to spar, we never got told about technique. It was hard sparring all the time, which was crazy because it's them spars that give you that long-term damage. And I'll tell you a little story about long-term brain damage, but just know if you're sparring, try and keep it technical. Yes, if you're close to a fight, hard sparring is a must now and then, but not all the time. Now, in these sessions, I would always be doing eight three minute rounds with a 30 second rest. If I was sparring, it might not be eight rounds. It might be six rounds, but then I would do two rounds on the bag after that. So, my total number, cuz I was fighting eight rounds, was eight rounds. So, it could be four sparring, four heavy bag, six sparring, two heavy bag, eight sparring, zero heavy bag. And then on the non-sparring days, it would just be eight threeminute rounds solid on the heavy bag with 30 second rest in between. I was focusing on different things when I was hitting that bag. It wasn't just I'd normally have Tommy Brooks on me back saying, "Come on, Tony, move your head. Keep your hands up." And I'll be working on my bad habits, which at the time my bad habits was here rather than here. Getting to move that head. And once I started moving me head and having my coach in me head all the time telling me, "Move your head. Move your head. Move your head." Tony, what the hell was that? Move your head before and after. It was then when I really developed these great habits and nobody unless they've got a bad coach at professional level is hitting the heavy bag without a goal in mind without a visualization someone in front of them without thinking why they are doing this. So right now before I go on to the other phases we've done our four rounds of jump rope without stopping. We've done our four threeminut rounds of shadow boxing with 30 second rest in between. We've done eight rounds on the heavy bag of some sparring three minute rounds with 30 second rest in between. But now we've got to move on to something else which is really important in your boxing training session. Exactly what me and AD did. Now there's one thing I wish I had for the Olympics and also during my training sessions as a professional boxer which I have now when I'm training which is something called Nitrolus by do not age.org which boosts your nitric oxide levels which basically means you're getting more oxygen to your muscles. And when this is happening it helps build your endurance and your recovery time as well. And I have this right now before every workout that I'm doing. So, if you're looking for some sort of supplement to help enhance your workouts, you should check out this from do not age.org, who is a research company that's sponsoring this video. The links are all below. Now, on to the next part of your training session. And my training session, what I did with the Vander. This is on the speed ball. Now, you might not have access to one of them, which I can tell you what you can do if you haven't got one of them in a sec. I just want to say what I would do was two 3minut rounds with a 30-se secondond rest on that speed ball non-stop, but I wouldn't take the 30 second rest. So, it was basically 6 and 1/2 minutes. Now, what this is doing, it's really building my shoulder endurance and also the rhythm and the timing because if you ever hit one of them things, even for a minute and you're not used to it, your shoulders are going to burn. So, doing this for 6 and 1/2 minutes, conditioning your body to be able to do this is only going to help when you're in the ring after around six or seven and your shoulders are getting tired and your hands are starting to drop like this. So, if you can hit one of these speed balls at the end of your session, I highly recommend it. Now, if you haven't got one, I would recommend going back to shadow boxing, moving around, stepping and punching at the same time, keeping your hands up by your face, you know, working on breathing and just keeping pumping them arms out. Doing this for 6 and 1/2 minutes, mate. So, that's two rounds. This is going to help build that shoulder endurance as well. And gosh, you're stepping and moving at the same time will help build that hand, eye, and foot coordination, what we need as fighters. Now, phase number six is a non-negotiable. This is something you should be doing every single session. And that is two three minute rounds of abs and core after every single session. Not just some sessions, but every session. Like, why wouldn't you do this? And I'll be honest with you, sometimes at the end of my sessions, I'll be like, you want to miss that out? Cuz after you've done all of the other stuff on this session and the stuff that I'm going to tell you in a second, you're not going to be bothered to be able to do this. Now, here's why this matters that most people don't realize. The core is the connector. Every punch starts with the legs and transfers through your core. and then comes out at the end with your fists. That is the chain right there. If you break that chain, you've got no punches, mate. Just arm punches that don't do anything. Now, two rounds of abs at the end of the session. This is a rule that I want you to stick by. Now, phase seven is something that I'm not going to lie, I missed off lots of times. And even now, I'll miss it off. So, I can't be here lecturing you saying don't miss this. Even though it is very important. Now, this is 10 to 15 minutes of cool down and stretch. But there's one thing also when you're doing this which I did do which I recommend you do and that is something that I call reflection. Reflecting on the session. What went well? What didn't go well? What do you need to work on on your next session? And it wasn't a trainer that taught me this. I used to just think about it and and try and spend some time on me own, not on me bloody phone, which most people are doing now, which is just taking your mind straight off. Unless you're watching one of my Instagram videos. I'll let you off that. But if you're not, mate, and then no, you shouldn't have your phone. You should be reflecting, thinking about your training session and what you've just done before you jump back into that car and get yourself home. Now, everything I've just said is on the screen right now. Take a screenshot of this and give it a try. But that was just the boxing part of your training session. Also, what you should be doing if you want to reach your peak in boxing is doing road work and running. And for me, the best endurance run boxing that you can do is only 15 minutes long. And if you want to see that, I've created a full video here giving you a perfect run for boxing. So click here and watch this video