Kind: captions Language: en One of the biggest stars in world boxing, Ricky Hatton, is no longer with us. And this is due to mental health in boxing, something that is not talked about enough. And I've got some experience with this myself. And I want to use my platform to talk about Ricky Hatton and also the struggles that it seemed like he went through. And he's not alone in this. Many fighters go through the same thing. And people from the outside don't look at this the way that I'm going to explain it. And yes, it's with boxing is is massive, but it's also in a lot of other sports. I think boxing is more so than other sports. Now, I want to just play this clip of Ricky talking about something here that's very important. They say dreams come true, and mine really did come true. You know what I mean? To fill out the Manchester Arena, to be seeing your name up in lights in in Las Vegas, knowing Liam Gallagher, Oasis, carrying your belts in Ricky Hatton would bring thousands and thousands of people to Las Vegas to watch him fight. He really captured the public's heart, and you're going to see why soon. But once that dream is over, once you've used and you've experienced that high of being so loved by so many uh so many people. And you know, and winning world titles and people walking down the street, oh, there's Ricky walking down Las Vegas, there's Ricky Hatton, you know. You know, once that's gone, it's a very hard thing to come to come back down to earth, too. Now, this is a huge thing here people don't talk about. When you're boxing and you're winning a fight, there is no better feeling in the world than winning that fight. There's not. I've never took a drug in my life, but I can only imagine it's like taking a drug where you're as high as you can ever be. And then, like he said, he he was like bigger than just about anyone. When that gets taken away from you, or when that end, it's hard to come back down to reality, hard to have a normal life. And I experienced this myself. Even though I didn't fight in Vegas in front of 50,000 people like Ricky did, I did compete in the Olympic Games and win an Olympic medal then. And I fought all of my professional fights live on TV. I was a bit of a name in my area. And when Ricky was at the peak of his career, when he was fighting Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao, this was when I was kind of at the peak of my career. I actually fought on the undercard of Ricky Hatton versus Manny Pacquiao. I say undercard, he was in Vegas, but I fought on the undercard that was in the in the UK. I say the undercard, this was Sky Sports' undercard. So, Sky Sports, it went from the UK where I was the main attraction on this card, and from the UK their networks went to Las Vegas. This was on the 2nd of May, 2009. And then it was a couple of years later when I got forced to retire with bad hands. And like Ricky, like he says, all of a sudden, it's like, now what? I think the lowest point was when I got beat by Pacquiao. It was absolutely devastating defeat. I was walking down the street, you know, and I'm thinking, is everyone laughing at me? I fell out with Billy Graham, if you remember at the time, he wasn't just betraying him, he was me best friend. And then I fell out with me me mom and dad. So, I thought to myself, I've got no best mate, I've got no mom and dad, no boxing no more. What what was my point being here on planet Earth? Now, this is going to be crazy to a lot of people like Ricky Hatton at this point was a multi multi-millionaire. And he now he's just saying he feels like he's got no one. What's the point of being here on planet Earth? So, that should tell you there that if you think money is the be-all and end-all of of life, it's it's really not. Now, he's been feeling very lonely for some time. &gt;&gt; Several times tried to tried to commit suicide. I kept doing it, and I'd do it, and it went on for for months and months and months. And then I realized to myself, I can't do it. I'm not I haven't got the the strength to do it. So, then I thought to myself, I'll just drink yourself to death. You know what I mean? So, I just went on a a drinking binge just constantly, every day, all day. You know what I mean? And and then obviously, you know, when you you know, to keep you drinking more, then obviously I started, you know, taking taking drugs, you know, the drugs would keep me awake, so I could drink even more. For him to come out, this was 6 years ago, and say that he's tried to commit suicide, and he's been drinking and taking drugs. It's amazing. Like for him to speak out, and this is going to help, and I'm sure that this has helped people him doing this. And I'm hoping my video right now will also help people when I give it a different spin on this. So, we know that he's had demons in his head, which he talks about right now, actually. &gt;&gt; It doesn't matter how many people I fought in the ring or beaten in the ring, you know, when this little man pops on your shoulder and starts, you know, whispering in your ear, I couldn't cope with him. I couldn't cope with him, you know, so I had to go to to speak to somebody, and you know, and you know, for me, if I'm a world I'm a world champion, to go to someone and say, "Listen, I'm crying every day. I don't know what's what's wrong with me. What what what do I do?" You know, that took more courage than anything I ever showed in the boxing ring. Now, that's I mean, again, it's great that he's went out and spoke to someone, and that's the hardest thing to do. I I just wished that he continued that and and went seeing someone. Again, like he said, that was hard than getting in the ring and and fighting anyone. So, he did it back then. Now, I don't know the situation with recent times why he couldn't do that again, but maybe he was, cuz he said like it was so bloody hard. Life has has never been as good. To see how happy I am today with me me mom, me dad, and me me kids, me grandkids, you know, and having gone through what what I've gone through, I just I just I count my blessings every day for for what I've got. And I tell people, say, "You feeling down? You feeling deep? Go and speak to someone." Absolutely heartbreaking, and what he said there at the end, go and speak to someone. Again, I I just really wish that he did, because even though I wasn't best mates with Ricky, I knew him on a personal level. I spent some time with him. He was an absolute diamond. And you would never think this of someone who's so happy. Maybe you know someone who seems really happy, and they're not. Inside, they are struggling. And with Ricky, if he did take your advice and managed to somehow speak to someone, he could be with us right now, like he has been for the last 6 years, cuz he did speak to someone back then. And he had so many people who loved him, who admired him, who looked up to him, me included. And now that's gone. So, my idea with this video is to use this platform to tell people, if you are struggling, or if you know someone that is struggling, the best thing you can do is speak to people. Now, me and my my journey, when I was forced to retire, I felt really down. I was depressed. I did some of what Ricky did, which was I drank. I used to drink lots, and I put lots of weight on. I never done drugs, but I did drink a lot and eat a lot. And the way that I managed to get out of my head was by changing my environment. Like we heard Ricky say there, he's walking down the street and you know, he's think he's seeing people, and then he's thinking this and that. But I changed my environment. I moved to America, and I had a fresh start out there. And that really did help me. And it's easy to think when you see someone with millions of followers on a platform with millions in the bank, who is famous and got a smile on their face all the time, is happy and loving life. We don't know what demons people have got going on in their heads. Like he said, he had someone on his shoulder talking to him, getting in his ear, you know, telling him you whatever that was telling him. And yeah, it's just so sad, and I am still devastated about what happened with Ricky. And I posted this about it. It's heartbreaking to hear the passing of boxing legend Ricky Hatton at just 46 years old. Ricky was more than a world champion. He was relatable, down to earth, and inspired millions of people, including me. For me, he's the greatest British fighter of all time. Not just for what he done inside the ring, but by the way he conducted himself with everyone outside of it. Ricky was always open about his mental health. He survived suicide attempts in the past. And that's the sad truth about boxing no one talks about. When you retire, no one prepares you for what's next. One day, you will be in the best shape of your life, walking around chasing the ultimate high of walking into that arena, and suddenly, it's gone. No one tells you what's to come next. That's why many fighters struggle, gain weight, turn to drink, or they even come back to boxing and try and have another fight to chase that feeling again. I know this because I went through it myself. After boxing, I turned to drink to make me feel good. I put on a load of weight, and I felt like And then, there's another thing that no one talks about. Fighters taking punches to the head for years has its effect. CTE is a real thing, and I'm not saying Ricky had that. Something needs to be in place for fighters after they retire. With the resources now in boxing, especially with the Saudi lot, hopefully they can do something in this space. Rest in peace, Ricky. You're a legend forever.