Kind: captions Language: en Have you ever been told something of a doctor and you've thought to yourself, "This can't be right." Well, in 2019, this happened to me. Even though back then I was overweight, I was eating a lot and I was drinking way too much. I got my blood tested and the doctor seen the results and he said, "Your cholesterol is abnormally high. You need to go on statins for the rest of your life." He didn't question me lifestyle. He didn't ask us, "How much are you drinking?" But instead, it was straight on the pills, mate. That's it. Take the pills for the rest of your life and you'll be good. And here is my results on the screen right now. Now, if you know about cholesterol, you'll see that these numbers are pretty high. But for the doctor to not ask about my lifestyle, this really made me question everything. Like, why would I not want to fix what I've got before I start taking medication? And it was at that moment where for the next seven years up until now I've been super worried about cardiovascular disease which by the way is one of the biggest killers in the world with which I think one in three people in America die of this. And it was at that moment where for the next 7 years I was causing me a lot of worry. But this worry helped me get in good shape and stay healthy. Helped me speak to lots of experts about this. And I even had a big heart scan very recently that a lot of people don't know about. And if you've got high cholesterol, I highly recommend you to watch this full video cuz I'm going to be giving you some advice that I got from some of the top experts in the whole world about this and tell you what you can be doing right now that can help you with your cholesterol. And now I'm super happy with what's happened with mine, which you're going to hear all about. But back then in 2019, I didn't have a clue what was I going to do. I was just going to take the doctor's advice and take statins. But a mate of mine who's really famous now, Andrew Huberman, who's a neuroscientist, who briefly looked at my results and he said, I wouldn't jump on these statins right now. I would change your lifestyle because I was thinking, I'm just going to listen to the doctor and do what the doctor says. I mean, who doesn't listen to bloody doctors, right? Doctors are doctors. These the backbones of our society, right? Which I I really agree they are. But when it comes to certain things, it's definitely worth doing your own research, which you're going to find out on this video that I did, which is an absolute game changer. And with Andrew telling me this, this really opened my mind about doing my own research. So, what I did was I stopped drinking alcohol for the next 5 months. I dieted, I started exercising, I lost some weight, and then I went back for another blood test. And as you can see on the screen, my cholesterol dropped some. But again, the doctor's like, "No, it's abnormally high. take the tablets. And I was like, I've done this for five months and the the cholesterol has went down. What if I did this for a year or two? And I just wasn't really keen on taking this medication. It was really scary. I was 33 years old and told you need to be on these pills for the rest of your life or you could have a heart attack, cardiovascular disease. And my dad is actually taking these pills as well. But my dad's lifestyle, he drinks, he was smoking, he was eating crap all the time, not exercising. I'm a former Olympic athlete who's trained army life. Even though I was drinking and eating a lot of the time, I was different to me dad when it come to this health. And everyone was telling me it's hereditary, which means if your parents have got it, you're more likely to have it, which is a common case, but again, and with his lifestyle and what my lifestyle was like leading up to this, I was like, nah, that's why he's probably got it and that's why I've probably got it. And I didn't want to accept it. I wanted to dive deeper. After all, I'm about to take medication for the rest of my life. Why wouldn't I want to dive even deeper? And there was other people as well like in my circle was like, "Nah, Tony, you shouldn't do this, right? You shouldn't take the statins right now." And someone actually recommended me a book called The Cholesterol Myth by Johnny Bowen, which I bought straight away cuz I was like, "Oh, this is interesting. What's this myth about the cholesterol?" I didn't end up reading the book, but I actually start looking him up more and looking up videos about cholesterol and the about the modern way of testing for cholesterol. And I heard Johnny talking about this. Never ever ever again would a prescription drug be given on the basis of this test. This test is as useless as a horoscope from Cosmopolitan magazine. The cholesterol does not travel in the blood. It has to be in a container and that container is called a lipoprotein. The lipoprotein is the ship. Cholesterol is the cargo. That what's important here is the number of boats in the water, not the cargo. Not the cholesterol. Cholesterol doesn't even do any damage to anybody till the boat breaks and then it gets out into the water and then all kinds of different things happen. &gt;&gt; And that made a bit sense to me. Now I'm starting to understand how cholesterol works. And I also found out that statins is a $30 billion a year industry in the USA. I was like, "Oh my god." And the doctors not even asking me about my lifestyle are just saying, "Take these." It made me very skeptical. And the more research I done, the more experts I found saying, you know, I don't need them. But also, for every 10 people that's saying you don't need statins, there's 10 people that's saying that you do need them. So there's always that debate. And again, after my further research, I learned that statins is actually a good thing for most people. These are saving thousands of people's lives that I'm going to talk about in a little bit. And it's not that I'm totally against these pills. It's I'm against the way they're getting prescribed to me and the way that I don't believe that I need them. But again, I'm going to touch on more on that in a little bit. And I found out that the standard cholesterol test that doctors give us doesn't really tell the full story about what's going on in your body. And that's what I bloody want, the full bloody story. It doesn't show the particle size, the number of particles, or if there's any inflammation in there. Someone might have bad LDL and might be fine. Whereas someone might have good LDL and they might have a serious plaque buildup that can cause them serious problems. But with the standard testing, it's not really testing for that. What you're about to find out and what I've done where this plaque buildup is, which is the most important thing that you can find out about when you're getting a legit test for cholesterol. But still, it was hard because so many people were giving me different opinions. You should take them. I've been taking them all my life. I'm fine. Even though I'm healthy, my if my if my parents didn't take them, they would have died. Then the other side, I've got people saying, "Tony, you're fit. You're well. You're 33 years old. Just change your lifestyle. Your cholesterol will come down and you'll be fine. You don't need to take this medication." So, there's all these people telling me different things. It's like, "Oh my god, who do I believe right now?" And I'm not like gambling with money here. This is me life. This is me health. So this is when I went one step further. At the start of 2020, I thought I'm going to clean up my full lifestyle. I completely quit alcohol. Now don't worry, I'm not saying to fix your cholesterol. You don't have to do that. I'm just telling you these things I did. So 2020, quit alcohol. I didn't quit eating bad food. It was kind of one or the other cuz I did drink a lot. 2021 I start getting in good shape, eating good, changing my lifestyle, started exercising. By 2022, I was back down to my Olympic fighting weight, the lightest, leanest I'd been for 10 years. I was strong. I was eating healthy. And now it was time to go and get my bloods taken again. So, we were in Thailand and I went and I got my bloods taken again. And I'm nervous waiting for these results. This is like 3 years after I initially got told, "You've got to take these pills." Now I'm at 30 lbs lighter, feeling great, and I got my test results back and my cholesterol was still abnormally high. The Thai doctor told me, "You need to take medication." Milk, it was stressful. It was worrying. Now I've got kids. Last thing I want is cardiovascular disease. Last thing I want is a bloody heart attack. Last thing I want is people saying, "I told you so. You should have bloody listened to them doctors at first. It's got nothing to do with your lifestyle. It's heredity and all that stuff. And at that point, I was like, I need I need I need to take this medication. I I I don't want to die. I don't want to have this worry that's constantly in the back of my mind that I've got this problem inside of us. Even though I feel really good and really healthy and really strong and fit, that could cause my kids not to have a dad ever again. and I had the hard decision of still not taking this medication. Then 2025 came along. Now I'm 40 years old in Australia. I went for a blood test for something else and I didn't know they were testing me cholesterol at the time and my cholesterol results come back and Tony it's high take medication. I'm like oh my god this is enough. I think I'm going to have to take these meds. But I thought is there anything else I can do? I want to speak to this guy who wrote the book, The Cholesterol Myth. I want to show him these results to see what he says. So, I did that. I got on a call with Johnny Bordon and he said, "Tony, I need deeper test results. These these are just the the basic ones. You need to find out about the particles and all that stuff." So, so I did that and I went and got a Apple B, small dense LDL, LP inflammation. I got all of these test results. It cost us over a grand to do this in in Thailand. And I got the results back. And when I was sat with the Thai doctor, I spoke to him. I told him about me lifestyle and everything else. He looked at him and he said, "It's high, but you don't need to take statins." I was like, "What? This Thai doctor is the best doctor in the world." I fell in love with this guy. I was like, "This is amazing. It's the news that I've wanted to hear all along." And yeah, he's like, "Yeah, no, it's it's high, but no, I wouldn't I wouldn't recommend it." I was I was so happy with this. So I looked the doctor up and he was and he specialized in neurology as well. So I was like great. Then I showed the results to Johnny Bordon and he was like, "Yeah, it's kind of what we expected." Then he said something that really shocked me which was it's on you whether you take statins or not. And that's kind of what I didn't want to hear. But obviously he's not a medical doctor. He couldn't say Tony don't take statins cuz that would actually make him liable I guess if something ever h ever happened. But it's again, it wasn't the what I wanted to hear. Now, when I did post that on Facebook about my blood tests, my good friend Joel Jameson, who I trust very much with health and wellness, he said, "Tony, where's your CTA results?" And I'm like, "What the hell is a CTA? You didn't get a CTA scan?" I'm like, "No." He's like, "What the hell? This is the one thing that you need to get that can really tell you whether or not you need to take these pills." And I'm like, "Oh my god." When Joel told me this, I'm like, "More information that's coming in from someone else." But then I found out more about Joel's history. Joel actually takes statins. And what Joel told me, it kind of blew me mind. And he also told me something that is the best thing that we can do to reduce our cholesterol, to reduce our risk of cardiovascular disease, and also reduce our risk of death by 30 or 40%. cuz he reads all of these studies about this stuff. And I'm going to tell you exactly what that is. But before I get on to that, I'm jumping everywhere. I want to get back to the CTE scan, which CTE stands for coronary CT angog. I've got the best reader. And what this does is I'm going to read this to you because yeah, it's hard for me to remember. When you do this with contrast and calcium scoring, this is one of the most advanced scans that you can do. And this is because of two things. One, the calcium score shows that you've got hardened plaque. That's the stuff that builds around the arteries. So you can it's going to tell you about that. And also having the contrast dye in there where they inject you with this dye. This lights up your blood vessels during the scan. So the doctors can see inside of your arteries in real time. not just the calcium, but also the soft plaque and the narrowing of any restricting flow in your inside of your arteries. Now, this is like not like just guessing anymore with the standard blood test. This is like opening up the hood of a car or the bonnet and checking the engine and seeing exactly what's going on inside of your arteries. Now, getting a heart scan is a scary thing, but I want to take Joe's advice because he's studied this like a madman, and he's had family history problems in this field as well. So, he's doing everything he can to be the healthiest version of himself he can. That's why I went and got this scan. So, I got this scan in June 2025 in Bali and my calcium score came back zero. And also my results came back as no plaque, no buildup, and my uh arteries are 100% clean. Now, this test changed everything. Now I don't have to be on medication for the rest of my life. It told me that I'm not sick. It told me that I can stop bloody worrying about every single thing that I put in me mouth. So, what is this now? Well, I'm going to tell you what Joel said that you can do that is actually better than statins when it comes to lowering your cholesterol. Before I say that, I just want to say like this is not medical advice from me. I am not against statins. Statins save thousands of people's lives. I think I'm I might be I'm pulling these numbers out your ass, but like 95% of people who are taking statins are taking them for the right reasons are needing these statins. Again, I've just made that number up. It might be 99%. It might be I don't know. But what I'm doing this video for is for people who have got high cholesterol. People who are afraid, people who don't want to just believe in a doctor that they've seen for 15 minutes and they tell them you've got to take medication for the rest of your life. This hopefully this video gives hope to you. And maybe you can get this CT scan. Yes, it's not cheap. But is it worth it? Absolutely, mate. Absolutely lutely. Now, what Joel told me that you can do now, he he said studies have shown that people with the highest V2 max, which is your cardiovascular fitness, can lower your risk to death by 30 to 40%. And there's so many studies saying that, particularly if you're strength training. So, this is what I need to get into some more strength training. And also, because we're talking about cardiovascular disease and where cardiovascular training, this helps prevent it. And he also told me that cardiovascular fitness is more effective than statins and it can reduce your overall risk by more than statins as well. Now that doesn't mean statins shouldn't be used because people need it. It just helps reduce your overall risk of getting cardiovascular disease by building your cardiovascular fitness and doing stress training a couple of times a week. This is the biggest thing that you can do. Also, your diet, your sleep, and your stress is as well is a big key factor in that. Having that healthy lifestyle is not only great for your cholesterol, your overall health, but also makes you feel better as well. Like when I was drinking all the time, when I was fat and I was out of shape, I felt like crap. I was waking up like crap in the morning. And when I changed that, everything else has changed in my life. I'm a better dad. I'm way more successful when it comes to business. I've got more I'm a better husband. I've got more time to spend wherever I want traveling the world now. And all this is through having a healthier lifestyle. Now, one thing that you can do to have a healthy lifestyle is boxing. Train from home. And you don't need any boxing experience. I've created a workout that you can do from anywhere. If you click here, this will take you through a great workout that you can do. Click here, save this video, and start training. Start getting fit now. Start getting healthier now. And this will help you. And it's free as well, mates. Hope you enjoyed this video.