Kind: captions Language: en What if I told you the secret to getting great at boxing is not about having faster hands? It's not about being able to punch really hard. It's about something else which you know because of the title of this video. And it's about using what? [laughter] Ah, mate. It's about getting your bloody feet right. And on this video, I'm going to show you an unbelievable drill that will improve your feet, but also improve your reactions, the speed of your punches, the power of your punches, and everything else in between. Now, to do this, if you've got a ladder, great. But you don't need one. You can draw some lines on the floor. Now, what you do with this is this. And it lands like that. Now, how I'm going to coach you on this drill is I'm going to bring a younger version of myself to help me with this. And here it is. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; full of magic the deer. Well, this drill is going to give you some magic because you're going to improve your feet. And I'm going to coach him like I would coach you if you were working with me in person. So, what are we going to do? We're going to do some moving and punching to improve your reactions, speed, and power. But before we get into the punching, we just need to do some movement, making sure you're doing this right. So, you are going to stand in your boxing stance. One foot is just outside of the ladder if you've got the ladder. If not, don't worry about it. have a line on the ground. This is perfect. And what you're going to do, you're going to step into the square in front of you and then you're going to step back out. Starting basic. So, stepping in and then stepping out. Now, every time you are moving, you want to land on the balls of your feet. Step in, [music] step out, step in, step out. Now, if you notice what he's doing right there is he's keeping his feet apart every time he's moving. Now, this is for a reason. He's always in a position to throw a punch. If he steps forward and he steps back and he brings his feet together and I step forward and we fighting, he's not in a position to throw a punch at me, is he? But the other way, if he steps forward and he keep feet apart and I step forward, look, boom, he can throw any punches he wants from there. So, keeping your feet apart while you're moving is key here. It's key. After you've done that for a few times and you're getting used to moving forwards and backwards, what you're going to do this time when you move back, you're going to move to your left. And when you move to your left, which foot do you move first again? Do it again. Boom. Left foot first. Move forward. Move back. Move left. Left foot first. Move forward. Move back. Move left. Now, if he moves to his left, but he moves his right foot first. Watch what happens. Look, he's crossing his feet. Now, we can do this. We can move around and dance. You've seen Muhammad Al Bloody Lee do it. So, we can do it even though we're not Muhammad Al Bloody Lee. But, we can do this if we're out of range. But just know if you are stepping and you're crossing your feet, you're not in a position to throw any punches. Compared to if he moves to his left with his left foot first, move to his right with his right foot first. Now he's always in a position to throw a punch. So what you're going to do here is you're going to be moving all the way down the ladder. Moving one way when you get to the end. And then you're going to move the other way when you're going to move to your right with your right foot first there. Keeping that nice line in between your feet, keeping that perfect boxing stance. Now you're always in a position to throw a punch. And what we're going to do in a second, you're going to see this really fast, working on reactions and timing and punches as well. But before we get ahead of ourselves, let's go over the basic punches while we're moving. What he's going to do, he's going to move in with the jab on the step. Yeah. Move back. So when you're doing this, I'm going to coach here. You want to step with that front foot and the front hand will land at the same time and then the back foot will follow. So, what you don't want to do, we seen a little bit of it there, is stepping and kind of leaving your back foot and then bring it in. I want you to think about moving both feet in. So, it's here and back out. Keeping that perfect distance in between me feet. Let's try it. Yeah. Again. Come forward. Yeah. Again. Good. And one thing that we don't want to do, he did a little bit there, is sliding that back foot. I've heard coaches before say when you're moving forward, you want to slide your foot. You don't want to slide your foot. That's going to slow you down. It's like sticking your leg to the floor. Why do we want to do that? Instead, we want to be smooth. Let's try it. [laughter] And then he slid right. You're not even listening to us. Oh my god. He's exactly like mini me. You know what I said at the beginning? It's like me. That's what I would have done. Not listening to the coach. Boom. All right. Let's go. Smooth. Yes. Boom. Good. All right. Now, what we could do from there, we could step in with a jab, step out, step to the left, step in with a jab, boom, and so on. We could do that all the way down, and then come all the way back with the right. But for the sake of the video, we're going to move on to the next bit. Now, we've perfected stepping with that jab and stepping out. Now, what we're going to do, and I'm going to see if he can do it before I tell you exactly how to do it. You're going to step forward with the one, two, and punching at the same time. Let's see if he does it right. Then get back out. Step in. He's nervous now. Yes. Perfect. That's absolutely perfect there. If you seen what he did, he's stepping and he's punching at the same time. So do it slowly, mate. Boom. Boom. Yes. And then step out. Perfect. His punch and his foot is landed at the exact same time. So the front foot lands with a punch. Back foot. Boom. And then come back out. Boom. Boom. Let me see it again. Boom. Boom. Perfect. And get out again. And out. Now, one thing I want to just say here why this is so good. And when we show you this faster in a little bit, it'll make a lot more sense. But we're in a in a fine situation. Now, when he's stepping forward with that one, two, and I've attacked him, then I'll come forward because he's got his feet apart, like I said on the last part of this drill, he's in a position to counter with that right hand. So, boom. Boom. I'll show you this one more time. If he brings his feet together when he moves back, so step in, bring your feet together. Now, he's not in a position. He's kind of off balance there as well. Right? So, it's key to keep them feet apart. Now, what we're going to do, and I'm going to test them again, right? How many fights have you had? &gt;&gt; 23. 24. &gt;&gt; Is that 23 or 24 fights? Is it 23 or 24? &gt;&gt; 25. &gt;&gt; Oh, 25. All right. Yeah. 25 fights. So, I want you to move down this ladder drill. Move in, move out, and across. I want to work for speed. Let's see if he does it right. Faster. Good. All right. That's good. No, it's good. He's He's did it. Now I want you Now I want to see it on your toes. Now I want to see on the toes. &gt;&gt; Let's do it. How would you do this? I want to I want to see your videos of you doing this. That's perfect. His feet apart. His feet apart. Now the reason why I wanted to do this I want to see if I could trick him. But he's got experience. We've been been working with me for some time. A lot of people I'm sure you've seen as well. He's a boxing coach as well. Is I'll see this right. What's this? What is this mate? The reason why I'm doing this drill is to get my feet in range to throw the punches. Get my feet out of range to defend punches. As soon as I start doing this, yes, my foot's moving in and out, [music] but my body's not moving in and out. I'm still in range to get hit. You need to move your full body out. So, I'm going to come in, move my full body out, and then across. In, out, across, in, out, across. So, what we're going to do now before I show you a counter punch on this, which is a game changer, he's going to pull it together and do this fast. On his toes, coming all the way in, all the way out with the one, two, moving to his left, when he gets to the end, he's going to move to his right, keeping them feet apart at all times. Let me see it. And I just want to guarantee you you guys something. If you are working on these footwork drills like him right now, keeping his feet apart on his toes, coming in, coming out, always in a position to throw a punch, this is going to take you to the next level. It's going to really help you with your overall boxing technique. And go back down, mate. One more time. Keep your eye on him. Keep your eye on him. See what he's doing right, see what he's doing wrong here. And let me know in the comments below if he's doing anything wrong. And I also want to say if you want to get more drills like this and more training from me, you should check out the boxing footwork academy. I've stacked this with everything that I know about boxing footwork. Tons of drills like this and way better to help you reach your goals. You can scan here or you can go to boxingfitness.comfootwork. I've seen the little uh the little back foot come out there. Keep it going. boxing.com/ootwork. The links are below. Get the boxing footwork academy. You're going to get a ton of drills. It's going to help you take you to the next level and relax. Now, one more thing I want to add on that. I want to add on a counter punch because after all, that's what we want to do. we be counter punching boxing, right? So, a counter punch, if you don't know, which I think you might know, is when you defend out the way of a punch and you come back with a punch straight away to land on your opponent. So, what you're going to do here, we're going to step in with that one, two, we're going to visualize a punch coming at us. We're going to get out the way of it and then we're going to do a counter punch. It could be a right hand, it could be a real uppercut, it could be a right hand left hook. So, it's here. Step in, come out, step the side, come in, step out, and then we go all the way down one side, all the way down the other side. Now, one more thing I want to add on to this to make it better for you cuz it's going to make you way less predictable is do something before you throw them punches. Now, this is getting more advanced now. And on the boxing photo academy, you get way more advanced to this. So, it's good for you to learn this right now. And what that is to be less predictable. I want to faint, then attack, then we defended, then we counter punched. Come across. I'm fainting, I attack, I defend, counter punch. Faint, attack, defend, counter punch. here. Faint, attack, defend, counter. Step to the side. Faint, attack, defend, counter. And then you go all the way down one side, all the way down the other side. Now, what you should do is check out the box of football academy. If you click here, it'll take you straight through to academy. And then once you've went through there and you've got this academy, then you should click here and watch this video where I show you how to improve your stamina in boxing. So click here, check this out and then go and improve your stamina in boxing.