Kind: captions Language: en We both agreed to the rematch. Turk color shake his excellency said he wants to fight in September. The next fight for me should be a hell of a lot easier because all I need is to experience it one time and then I know what to do with you. This rematch isn't just about revenge. It's personal. It's dangerous and it could potentially end one of these boys careers. Eubanks coming in with a big point to prove. Ben, well, he's got a lot to lose. His reputation, his momentum, and he's under the pressure. not only of his family name, but he needs to prove that he belongs at this level. But there's one thing that not many people's talking about, and this could sway the fight completely. In this video, I'm going to break down the mental edge, the styles, the weight, the buildup, and at the end, I'm going to give you my full prediction on this, which may surprise a few people. And if you don't know who I am, my name is Tony Jeff. I'm an Olympic medalist boxer, and I've actually got two close friends that's beat Chris Eubank Jr. as a professional. my Olympic teammate Billy Joe Saunders and also my good friend from Liverpool who I've trained before Liam Smith and also Eubank beat my other good friend who was my Olympic teammate James Dill which really showed me what level of fighter that Eubank is. Now did you know that Chris Eubank made around $13 million for this fight and Connor Ben made around $10 million as well? This is lifechanging money. These boys don't need to fight for money ever again. And this shows me just how much they want to beat the other guy because really, yes, they're going to be getting paid millions, even more than last time potentially, but really, they don't need the money. They're putting a lot of their reputation on the line. Now, Chris Eubank, he's beat him before. He doesn't have to take this fight, even though I guess there's a rematch clause in there, so he probably does. But then you've got Connor the other side who is fighting someone who's bigger than him. He doesn't need to take this fight either. But they are they're going to give us an unbelievable showdown. And before I get into the nitty-gritty of this fight, I want to say as well like this would sell out any stadium in the UK. I was going to say in the world there, but probably not in America cuz that many people wouldn't fly over. Would sell out a lot. But the fight location still hasn't been announced yet. But I do know that it's going to be on September 20th. Now, as for the details of this fight, what weight will it be at? Will there be a rehydration clause? This information hasn't been put out yet, and when it is, I'll be doing a video all about that. So, make sure you subscribe. But I want to just say I believe that the fight will again be at 160 lbs. I don't think that Connor Ben or Eddie Hearn's promoter wants to put him in at a higher weight. He couldn't even beat Eubank at 160. So why would he give Eubank that advantage of that extra weight, extra 8 pound in weight? I can't see him doing that. I believe that the rules will be the same as they were before. And even the rehydration clause as well, I can imagine that they will put that in back in there as well. Even though that Eubank missed a weight and he had to pay like $375,000 for coming in. What was it like half a pound over? I guess when you're making that 13 million, that's not that much. So yeah, I believe that the rehivation clause will be in there again. So will this fight be as big as the last fight? Because if you think about the anticipation with that last fight, we weren't sure what was going to happen. You had Chris Eubanker was the bigger guy. uh Connor Ben undefeated warrior knocking out everyone. Then you had Eubank's dad senior was talking about how this fight's not going ahead. It's a disgrace which was had us the public thinking, is this not going to go ahead? Is it going to get cancelceled? Does he know something that we don't? And then to our surprise, he came out and showed up with Eubank in the car before the fight and surprised the world. And then we had the egg situation where Eubank Jr. splattered an egg in Connor Ben's face and this also built a fight loads. He also got a find 100 grand for that as well. But again, he's making that 13 million quid. And the reason why he's made so much money is because this fight was so big. And the reason why this fight was so big was because of them things I was talking about. Now, will this next fight be as big as that one? Well, here's what I think will happen because the Eubanks are really, really smart at building the fight. I think that Eubank Senior will start poking at Nigel Ben. These two of the big nemesises they used to hate each other. And I think with that there we'll that will help build the fight even more because we all want to see what gets said at the press conferences which I think Chris Eubank Junior is one of the best promoters of a fight by the way he acts at press conferences. I think it's great. And now before I give you my prediction on this fight, I just want to ask you the question cuz I want to make this into a conversation in the comments below. I'll be reading them all. What are your thoughts on the fight? What about the weight category? Will it make a big difference? What about the rehydration clause? Did that make a big difference last time? Well, we didn't seem to think so. And who do you think will win? Well, here's my prediction on this. I think now both of the guys have been in there together, they kind of know what to expect from one another. This is going to help them with the preparation. I think obviously Eubank is the bigger guy. He did struggle with the weight and the first few rounds of that fight he struggled with Connor Ben. Now I believe that obviously both of them is going to learn from their mistakes in the last fight. But with the with the size difference of Eubank and how he kind of dominated that fight, especially after this the second half of the fight, I can't really see what Connor Ben can do other than knock him out, which obviously he can knock him out. Anyone can be knocked out, but I don't see that happening. how Connor can win this fight. We will have to see how this goes with their preparation and how their training camps are looking and what sort of mind games they're also playing as well. I tell you what, me, I can't bloody wait, not just for the fight, but for the buildup as well. Now, did you see Jake Paul's recent fight? Do you think that was a fix? Well, I talk about that on this video right here. So, if you're interested in that, click here and watch this video