Kind: captions Language: en And that doesn't look that doesn't look good, Jim. And that [Music] doesn't Brazilian jiu-jitsu and boxing are two of the most popular martial arts in the whole world right now. You have boxing gyms that are packed. You have jiu-jitsu gyms that are packed. But which one of these sports is the hardest? Which one's harder for your cardio? Which one is harder on your body? Which one is harder to get started technical-wise? Which one of these are harder? Which one is more difficult to compete in? Also, which one of these is harder to have success in? And after I've went through that, I'm going to talk about which one of these two sports is better for self-defense, which I know so many people are going to disagree with. And what do I know about this? Well, this is me competing in jiu-jitsu. And then this is also me competing at boxing. I fought at the highest level as a boxer can in the Olympic Games and in jiu-jitsu I won the Australian National Championships as a white belt. So with my experience, I think I can compare both of these. Now let's get on to it cardiowise. Now even though that jiu-jitsu and boxing are two physical martial arts where you use your full body in both of these, it's like two different cardio types. If you put a black belt at jiujitsu is at who's at the highest level into a boxing ring, they couldn't last three minutes if they were going all out. And the same if you put a highlevel boxer on a jiu-jitsu m and they've got a spa, they're not going to last 3 minutes either. I know this cuz I've done that and I've been exhausted in my training. So, both boxing and jiu-jitsu is very hard and you will get very tired, which is part of the reason why they're so good, cuz not only are you going to learn a great self-defense, but you're also going to get fit and get in shape, but when it comes to which one is actually harder, I want you to think about this. If you're doing jiu-jitsu, a lot of the time you're on your back, lying down, and someone is on top of you, either trying to pass your guard, get on the side of you, choke you, get you in an arm, submission. So, you're always switched on, but you're on your back. And when you're on your back, what can you do? You can breathe and rest. Boxing, on the other hand, if you're training correctly on the heavy bag, yes, you hit the heavy bag, you can skip, have a little rest, have a little breather there. But if you're doing that, you're not really boxing. You shouldn't be switching off. When you are boxing, you should be switched on all the time and working on that bag. Or if you're sparring, you can't switch off and get a little rest. Whereas in jiu-jitsu, you can. Now, another thing about boxing sparring compared to jiu-jitsu sparring. In boxing sparring, if you're in there with someone who is way better than you and he's just hitting you and moving and you can't land a punch on him and you're feeling like there's nothing you can do, what have you got to do? Well, you've got to finish off that round. In jiu-jitsu, on the other hand, if you're on the mat and someone's bigger than you and stronger than you and they're getting the better of you, you don't know what to do and you want to stop. What can you do? You can few little taps and that's it. You're going to stop. you're going to reset and take a few deep breaths and then you're going to go. Whereas, like I said, on boxing on the other hand, you cannot stop. You've got to go and finish the round. So, when it comes to cardio, boxing gets the tick. Now, even though it's harder on cardio, does that mean it's harder on your body than jiu-jitsu? Well, let's talk about this for a minute. If you've got a person who's never boxed before, and then you've got a person, this pencil, who has never done jiu-jitsu before, they both go to the gym, they both do their first ever training session, and they come out. Which one is going to be more sore the next day? I would say probably 5050 because they're not used to doing this workout. He's not used to boxing, throwing punches. He's using muscles that he's never used before. This guy's not used to being on his back and then jumping up and getting around trying to pass someone's guard and pulling guard and doing all of that stuff. This person's not used to doing hip escapes, working on takedowns, getting tucked down to the ground, standing back up, going back down, standing back up. Both people, if they're going to the gym for the first time doing boxing and jiu-jitsu, are going to be tired after doing that first session. Now, the more that you do boxing and jiu-jitsu, the more that your body will adapt to the training and your muscles will start to get used to it. But in jiujitsu, I feel like my body does get used to it. My muscles are getting stronger from gripping onto that ghee, from trying to get them chokes, from moving my body all the way around and trying to pass the guard very fast. But I've always end up in positions in jiu-jitsu I've never been in before and the soreness never really goes away. Yes, it can get less and less, but one day I might get choked and me neck might be sore for 4 days. Whereas boxing on the other hand, your body does adapt to the training and once you get to a certain level of fitness with boxing, you're not really getting sore anymore unless you do like a crazy hard sparring session, which I wouldn't recommend. So, which one is harder on your body? This one definitely is jiujitsu. Now, let's talk about getting started. Again, if you've got this guy who's never trained before, this guy who's never trained before, which one is harder to get started? Well, going into a boxing gym or a jiu-jitsu gym for the first ever time, or any martial arts gym, it can be intimidating. It can be nerve-wracking, especially with boxing. A lot of people seen the Rocky movies, you know, when he walks into Apollo Creed's gym and everyone just stops on the bag and then they just start staring at Rocky thinking, "Who is this guy?" I feel like a lot of people think when you go to a boxing gym, that's what it's going to be like. Well, it's not anything like that. In fact, it's the opposite. Everyone in boxing gyms and jiu-jitsu gyms are generally very friendly and make it very welcoming for you to come. But still, we always get in our heads when we going into somewhere for the first time that it's going to be difficult and it is nerve-wracking. Now, like I said, we've got the two people training. You will be sore. You will be stiff doing either one of these. Now, when it comes to which one is harder to start with jiu-jitsu, you often have got to put a ghee on. And I remember the first time I put a ghee on, I felt really awkward. So, that was made it harder to start. But also, the things that you learn in jiu-jitsu is very difficult to master, which we'll talk about when we get on the technique wise. Whereas in boxing, you can learn the basic fundamentals within 5 or 10 minutes where you're learning how to get in your correct stance. You will throw a few punches and you'll feel okay. Whereas jiujitsu, when you get on the mat and you start training, doing what the classes have been already working on maybe the previous session, the previous week, you're going to be trying to learn these techniques, which for me was very difficult to master. And also with boxing compared to jiu-jitsu, I feel like with boxing, if you've got more injuries, say you've got a bad knee, you might have a bad wrist, might have a bad back, there's ways to train around them injuries to do a boxing session. Whereas jiu-jitsu, if you have got a bad back, you can't really train jiu-jitsu. You got a bad neck, you can't train jiu-jitsu. You got bad wrists and hands. I guess you can. There's ways around it, but I just feel like with boxing, it is an easier barrier to entry, to train, no matter what level you're at. So, I'm going to say it's harder to get started in jiu-jitsu than boxing. Now, let's talk about technique-wise. Which one of these is harder to learn technique-wise? In boxing, you need to learn this. You need to learn the stance, the movement, then we've got the jab, then we've got the cross, then we put them together. We turn that into a onew combination. Then we've got the hook. Then we'll have a slip and a roll for defense. And let's add another step back as well. So right there we've got nine things. This is the fundamentals of boxing learning these nine things. And I would teach them in this order as well. Now when it comes to jiujitsu, I asked Chachi BT how many different techniques there is in jiu-jitsu. And EI just said it's tough to pin down an exact number for Brazilian jiu-jitsu. It's continuously evolving martial art and numerous schools and practitioners are developing new techniques all the time. However, conservative estimate would be in the thousands when you consider of all the variations of guards, submissions, sweeps, takedowns, and transitions along with defenses and counters. BJG's complexity is one of the most fascinating aspects. Did you hear that, mate? Bloody thousands. I'm talking about nine fundamental moves. Now, yes, we have got more advanced moves like a pivot hook. We got the combination like a double jab to the body and we got more combinations and stuff like that. BJ, we've talking absolutely bloody thousands, mate. Thousands of moves. And I remember I asked my coach Moscelino who is a five degree black belt. I said to him, mate, is there anything in jiu-jitsu that you don't know? And you're kind of laughing. Yeah, so much. He said, "Things are developing all the time. New moves and techniques are coming out all the time." Now, there is fundamentals that you can work on in BJ. And I know I said these and I guess if you did put these together in different combinations, there would probably be th a thousand different combinations you could do like a jab jab jab jab jab jab jab jab jab jab jab jab jab cross one two hook two hook two hook two. You know, you could actually go on and on with with combinations that. But with the complexity of BJJ and the fundamentals of that, it's kind of never ending as well. So that's why I'm going to give that a tick right there. Jui 2 is harder technique-wise to learn than boxing. Now moving on to the next one to compete in. Now I can talk about this pretty well. I had 106 boxing fights in my career. I've had two jiujitsu matches as well which were very recently. And when I was boxing I did get nervous because after all if you think I'm about to fight someone who's trained 8 weeks to knock me out. So yes, I'm going to get a little bit nervous thinking, oh my god, what if this guy actually does knock me out? So, it was very nerve-wracking. Now, jiu-jitsu, when I competed in the Australian National Championships, I remember walking around the venue and my heart was pumping. I was looking at the competitors thinking, "Which one of these are my size? Which one am I going to compete in?" I did the same visualization techniques with boxing as I did with jiujitsu, which helped me calm my nerves down before the competition. But when I really think about it, in jiu-jitsu, like I talked about up here with the cardio, if I'm in a competition and it's not going well and I'm getting submitted, what do I do? Few little taps and the match is over. And if you do get submitted, it's fine because guess what? It's normal. It happens all the time in jiujitsu, in competitions, in training. And you get used to it. It's not that big of a deal. Although when I had my competition, it was a big deal for me. But in boxing, if the fight is not going your way and you're getting tired, you can't tap. You can't tell your corner, "I'm done. I've had enough." Now, I guess you probably could, but that that doesn't happen in boxing. It's It's not normal. Well, like I said, tapping out is normal in jiu-jitsu. In boxing, giving up is not normal. It is properly frowned upon. In all my years of boxing, I know very few people who have ever give up in the ring. You've got to go through the full fight. You got to go through the full match and finish what you started. And if you don't, you're going to get hurt badly. And also in the competition in jiu-jitsu, yes, it was difficult, but there wasn't this big massive buildup to the competition like when you're boxing and you're training eight weeks for this one event. And in the competition in jiu-jitsu, even though I did put a lot of pressure on us, I felt like the pressure wasn't half as much as it was in competing in boxing. So, which one's harder to compete in? I would say by far it is boxing. Now, moving on, before I talk about which one is better for self-defense, which one is harder to have success in, let's define success. Well, let's just use the national championships for example, because that's what I entered in jiu-jitsu and I've entered multiple national championships in boxing as well. Now, to be the national champion, obviously, you've got to be the best person in that nation who's entered the tournament and get your hand raised both in boxing and jiu-jitsu. And in both boxing and jiu-jitsu, you both have weight categories and you've got to compete under a certain weight category. And as well, what you got to take into account is age. When I was in the national championships in the UK, I did like the school boys when I was like the 13y old, 14y old, 15 year old all the way through. But then when you get to 19, then the national championships is like 19 to 34 in amateur boxing. So when I won them, I was like 22 years old. And at that time I was the best fighter in the whole UK at my weight category, which was 81 kilograms and I was age 21. Now the age ferry goes to 34 and after 34 it's kind of a sticky situation where you go to masters but I don't know much about that in boxing. Now in jiujitsu it's similar you know I competed at the 82 kg I think it was division with a gillon. But here's where it gets a little bit different. My age group was masters 2 I think which was from ages 36 to 39. and I'm 39. So, I competed in this category, which narrows it down. Not only are you doing your age and weight in jiujitsu, now here's the big thing. We are going to also do your ranking. Now, in jiu-jitsu, you've got a white belt, a blue belt, a purple belt, a brown belt, a black belt. So, now you've got your age and your weight, but also your ranking here, which narrows your combination down even more. So now you can think about all of the hundreds of different categories that there is in jiujitsu which kind of filters down everyone comparing that to the boxing where it's like you're in the national championships or you're not. I guess boxing has got a novice championships as well where it's like under 10 fights. And as well as far as I know in jiu-jitsu, let me know in the comments below if I'm wrong, there is lots of different organizations just across Australia where I am right now which again filters the national championships down even more. Whereas in boxing, you've got to go in the national championships, the one national championships, and win and be the champion in the country. So at that level, which is harder to have success in? Well, my friend, it's boxing right there. And you can see the scores there was 33 from which one is harder, boxing or jujitsu? Now, let's talk about this self-defense. Which one is better, boxing or jiujitsu? I would not like to fight a black belt in the street. I would not like to fight a boxer in the street. I would not like to fight anyone in the street. Fighting in the street is absolutely stupid. But there is stupid people out there that might start a fight with you. And which one of these would you want to know? Well, lucky for me, cuz I've been training, I know both of them. But which one would I prefer to have if I could only have one of these? If I was on the floor and someone was on top of me, which does happen in street fights, I would really want to have jiujitsu because I could destroy them straight away. But if someone was coming to me and they were about to throw a punch at me, which happens 95% of the time in street fights, normally the big swinging overhand, right? What would I prefer to know then? Well, in jiu-jitsu, you very rarely learn how to defend punches. So, boxing. So, I can see the person load up that punch and get out the way of it. But then once I've got out the way of it, what do I want to do then? If I know jiu-jitsu, maybe I can run in, get a double leg, take him down the ground, and then finish him off there. But what if this guy's got friends around him, which again often happens in a street fight situation? There's more than one person. Would that be a smart move to take someone down? Absolutely not. Especially on a hard concrete floor. If you knew boxing, what would you do? Someone comes on, what you going to do? Ba b That one's gone. That one. B, that one's gone. B, that one's gone. B, that one's gone. And I'm telling you, mate, it's a simple, well, not like that, but it's simple. If you know how to punch, you can end any fight in seconds. Just like that. But I wouldn't recommend this at all. What I do recommend you do though is watch how nerve-wracking it was for me when I competed in jiu-jitsu. A full video documenting my jiujitsu competition here. And I think the result and the way that I cry and get emotional will surprise you.