Kind: captions Language: en Have you ever thought why does alltime boxers stand in this silly boxing stance like this? If you go back and look up photos of boxers from the 19th century, you will see them all standing in this position. And to you and me, it looks pretty stupid, right? Why the hell would you want to box with your hands in this position with your chin up in the air? Surely you're going to get caught with an overhand right and knocked straight out if you fought a modernday fighter, right? Well, you would think so. But what I'm about to tell you about this stance will surprise you and maybe you will think boxers should go back to standing like this or maybe not. And also at the end of the video I'm going to tell you some absolutely crazy crazy facts what boxers used to do in the 19th century what will blow your mind. Now, back in them days, this was a very effective boxing style. But surely in 2026, a modern-day fighter would absolutely destroy someone from that golden age of boxing, right? With that low right hand, the chin up in the air. You would get smashed with an overhand, right? But then again, this would depend on which rules they boxed by. Because maybe you didn't know this, but in that period of boxing back then, the rules were very different to what the rules are today. Most fights back then, there weren't even wearing any boxing gloves. And as crazy as this may sound, experts said boxing without gloves would actually widely consider boxing to be safer than fights with gloves. Now, back then, boxers rarely punched each other in the head with full force. So, the risk of brain injury or knockouts were a lot lower back then than they are right now. I mean, just think about it. The lack of protective pattern on your hands with bare knuckle punching someone full force in the head. This is the fastest way of damaging your hands. And with me retiring from boxing with hand injuries, I can definitely relate to that. Without gloves, my hands would have been finished way before I went to the Olympic Games or way before I won a national title. I just can't imagine punching someone in the head with no gloves on. And even though bare knuckle boxing is a thing right now, I just don't know how fighters could last more than one or two fights without smashing their hands. But also back then, a lot of the 19th century boxers competed multiple times a week. And on top of that, a lot of the time there was no limit on the amount of rounds they did in a fight. There was even one fight back in 1893 that went on for 111 rounds. They just kept going and going and going. Imagine that. No gloves on 111 rounds. I can't get my [laughter] head around that. So, with that in mind, with the amount of fights they had, and they needed to protect their hands, which was very important, or they wouldn't have a career, punching someone hard in the head or even the elbows is going to smash the hands. Now, this [clears throat] is part of the reason why they did this boxing style. And I'll tell you about the techniques in a second. But when you compare this with today's fighter, imagine trying to land a body shot with no gloves on. Cuz how we throw body shots these days, we get around the elbows, but most of the time we're going to hit these elbows right here. Now, if you never had gloves on, mate, you're going to smash your hands straight away. So, the technical side of things has changed over time because imagine with these no gloves on, you're like one in away from breaking your hands every time you throw that hard body shot. So with this in mind, where fighters would be aiming with this boxing stance was normally the cheeks where they're softer or hitting someone in the side of the head in the temple as well. This is why many of the oldtime fighters were able to compete so much because they weren't thrown wild punches just hitting anywhere like our modern-day fighters do. And some of these fighters even competed up to 30 years. I competed for 17 years. I had 106 fights and I damaged me hands competing for 30 years. How crazy is that? And also what's even crazier is it was said that a lot of these oldtimer fighters were able to keep a lot of their marbles upstairs. So they weren't becoming punch or getting CTE like a lot of modern day fighters do these days, which again I kind of find hard to believe. No gloves, 100 rounds in fighting, fighting multiple times a week and you're not going to lose your bloody marbles. M come on these golden age experts. Are you sure? But you can only read what these books say. But I think it's a bit like Chinese whispers if you know what I mean. Anyway, back to the crazy boxing stance. But this is why they were in this position with their head up like this because they weren't really punching each other that much in their head. It was a lot of the body that was taking so much punishment cuz the body is softer. Well, I guess around the ribs that's going to be hard as well. And if you think because they were getting in this position here, they are protecting their body. If you've ever done shoulder and body sparring, like you see a lot of my videos and I've got my hands down here, I'm protecting that body. So, my boxing style adjusts and everyone's does when they're doing shoulder and body sparring. So, that's why the hand position with their left arm out like this here. I don't know why they had the hand this way rather than this [music] way. maybe so they can like fit the hand through with that solid jab and they always had their right arm tucked in [music] like this as well with the head up higher. So yes, this crazy boxing style is linked to the rules back then that our boxing matches don't. And again, this is before the Queensberry boxing rules were introduced in 1867. And the rules for some of these prize fighters varied and often these fighters were allowed to be grappling inside there as well. And another crazy example of the evolution of the sport that we love. In 1713, a typical boxing match would include things, are you ready for this? Like eye gouging, choking, punching, and headbutting. Kind of like a modern-day MMA, but even dirtier. But all of this changed in 1743 when Jack Boutton created the first set of formalized rules for boxing. These rules came after Boutton's defeat of George Stevenson who suffered many injuries and died a few days after the fight. And it's reported that Boutton was absolutely devastated about the death of his opponent. And he came up with these newton rules to help prevent things like this happening again. And these rules were great. They included things like no striking below the belt. Can you believe that they were out to punch each other in the balls? And also things like stop hitting your opponent while they're on the ground because they were able to keep hitting them when they were down. Instead, what he he gave you with these new rules was he gave your opponent 30 seconds to recover if they wanted to continue to fight. But one rule they did keep in back then was grappling where you were still allowed to grab hold of each other and grapple. I kind of think that would be cool if you were allowed to do more of that in modern day boxing, grappling each other [music] using that strength inside. I think that would be a good rule to actually add in a boxing. What do you think? Let me know in the comments below. But with that, that is another reason why this was a good style of boxing stance because this kept that distance in between your opponent. You didn't want them to come close or they're going to grapple you. And with this distance control with the lead hand out, it still happens today. If you think of someone like Vladimir Klitschko, but he's got his hand out in front keeping that distance and helping him gauge the distance between him and his opponent. So, he went from there to there. But one thing that hasn't really changed much is the right hand. I guess we lift it a little bit higher now. Back then it was a bit lower, but keeping that right hand up open, that elbow tucked into the body to be able to block body shots. That's something that's kind of stuck with the boxing stance throughout most of history. And as well, another reason why you're keeping this right hand tucked here. You're kind of keeping it loaded to be able to throw that uppercut that straight straight to the body compared to this one that's kind of out and helping you find range. That's another reason why we keep that in right now even this modern day. Now, even with the introduction of boxing gloves in fights thanks to the Queensbury rules. Before this, gloves were only used in training [music] sometimes, many boxers still chose not to wear boxing gloves. They still wanted to fight bare knuckle. Well, this was up until 1867. This was where boxing gloves were mandatory. And modern day boxing gloves really started showing up in the 1890s. And over time, as we know, boxing forms have evolved from here to there to there. And we've seen all different types of boxing stances in modernday fighters. But one stance that we don't really see anymore is this one right here. And I don't think we'll ever go back to this style of boxing, even if the rules do somehow change or they create another sport. Like, you know, they've got so many different sports now, like the B with boxing, the slap fighting, and all these other different martial arts that's coming into play. I don't think we'll ever go back to that boxing stance, right? Or maybe I'm wrong. Now, what's crazy as well, back then, they didn't focus much on footwork, which I don't know why because if you are throwing more punches to the body and less punches to the head, if you've got good footwork, you're going to be better than your opponent. Everyone who trains boxing knows footwork is the most important thing that you can do to get better at boxing. Cuz with good feet, it helps you get better with everything else in your boxing. Your speed of your punches, your counter punching, your power of your punches, your conditioning. And if you want to get better footwork, you can check out the boxing footwork academy. The link is below or you can scan here where it's stacked with tons of footwork drills that you can do to get better at boxing. Quick little plug right there. Now, before I tell you about these crazy facts that's going to blow your mind, which blew my mind, I want to tell you about something else that if these fighters back then did, everything would have changed in their lives. But this is something that they couldn't have done back then because it's only happening right now. And this is what we're learning from supplementation, from scientific studies and tons and tons of research that shows that if you take some pills or take some powder, this is going to help you perform better in your training, in your recovery, and also keep all of your marbles right as well. Now, I want to tell you about two supplementations that I'm taking right now that's both great for my recovery, my brain health, and my longevity. The first one is creatine, which is the most studied supplement in the world. I believe everyone should be taking creatine, men, women, the elderly. The scientific research that's out there right now is unbelievable on this. I highly recommend you take a look at that research and start getting on creatine right now for your full body and for your mind. The next thing that I'm taking is pure NMN. What this does, it helps improve our NAD levels. As we get older, our NAD levels drop. And what this does, it helps boost them back up, which helps me have more energy in everyday life. It's improving my sleep and my performance in training and everything else. But there's one thing about supplementation. If you are going to get it, you need to get it from a legit source. And that's why I use do not.org. That is a research company that's obsessed with creating the best products to help people perform better in life and as well give them longevity in life as well. And I'm so happy that do not.org is sponsoring today's video. If you want any of the supplements I've mentioned and a lot more, you can either scan here or go to do not.org. Click the link below and if you use code boxing, you're going to save a bunch of money on that. Now, let's talk about these crazy facts in boxing. The first crazy fact, the longest boxing fight known to take place in history was in New Orleans, April 6th, 1893. And are you ready for this? Are you ready for it? This was for the lightweight world title between Andy Bowen and Jack Burke. this fight. Listen to this, mate. Listen to this. It lasted over 7 hours of brutal fighting. And when that bell sounded at the end of their 111th round, I can't believe what I'm about to say. Both fighters were obviously dazed and exhausted. But they were that exhausted, they both refused to come out of their corners and the referee ruled the fight and no contest. So imagine that you're fighting for 111 rounds. Your body is like a bloody punch bag. You can't hardly lift your arms up. exhausted. So, there's no one to call a winner, no one to call a loser, which is great because we can't call someone a loser after they've done that many fight rounds, right? Now, another crazy fact is mouthguards were not introduced into boxing until 1913. They didn't wear mouthguards. Before that, the fighters were getting their teeth knocked out left, right, and center. Their lips was all swelled up, ripped to pieces. I can't even imagine doing one round or being punched in the face one time without a bloody mouthguard. Never mind 111 rounds like them crazy nook cases did earlier on. Now there's some people who are sparring these days that is doing things that are crazier than wearing a mouthguard. Do you want to see them? I've created a video right here where I review the craziest sparring clips in boxing history. Click here and watch this video