Kind: captions Language: en This is a video of me aged 23 years old just before I competed in the Olympic Games. And this is a video of me aged 40 years old today. Now, most people think the 23-year-old me would absolutely destroy the 40-year-old me. But is that true? Well, in this video, I'm going to break down both clips side by side and tell you what I did better back then and also what I've learned to do better right now to train even smarter. So, let's start with this clip. This was actually three days before I fought in the European final in Poland. You can see there. Solid jab. And you can hear the the jab. So right there, one, two, hook, two. What this reminds me of on this video is what custom water I used to say to Mike Tyson. I want your two punches to sound like a one punch. Now if you listen to the sound of that one, two, hook two here. How fast that combination is. I'm impressed with myself here, if I don't say so myself. Back on that jab. That lovely jab hook. Now, one thing that I'm very impressed with is my footwork. Look at me feet. They're always apart. I'm always in the position to throw a punch. Even when I'm moving there, feet support apart. This was one of my biggest assets. This why I can punch so hard and so fast. As you can see on here again, how fast them punches are. Jab and move. Ah, one thing I didn't like what I did there. I jabbed and moved. But watch where my left hand goes. Jab. See, my left hand's down low here. And I'm moving to my left, which is very dangerous to move to your left with your right hand down cuz you know why? You're wide open for overhand right. So that I'm critical there. Now, another thing I want to be critical of here, my lean back. When I'm leaning back, I'm dropping my lead hand. Now, if I'm in the ring with someone and let's just say they throw one, two, and I throw the jab and I'm leaning back and I've got this one down. I'm wide open for that right hand. But on this video, you can see how my coach is standing. He's standing southpaw because I was about to fight Kenny Egan, who is a southpaw, and leaning back out of the way of a southpaw's jab. It's fine to drop that lead hand. So, we working on a combination here. It's a lead hook to the body, right uppercut. Let's see it. Nice speed. Adding on the hook there. So, it's a lead hook body, rear uppercut, lead hook head, right hand. Lovely combination. And this coach, Nigel Davies, very successful coach and he was my favorite coach to hit the mits with. You can see why. See my feet still apart all the time. Keep me in the position to throw them punches. He's moving forward. I'm making that little sl step step back. Keeping the feet apart. I bring them together there. Let me move on to the pivot hook here. Watch this. Boom. I throw that hook. I drop my hand straight away after it, but I'm leaning back out the way. So, that's okay to have your hand down. Lead uppercut. Re uppercut. And as it's coming to the end of the round, I'm blasting in some hard solid punches. So, that was 23-year-old me before the Olympic Games. Let's see what I'm like now, aged 40. So, I'm in an MMA gym here. I've got no shoes on. Still nice fast jab, but as you can see, my feet are a lot slower. I'm still keeping me feet apart, but yeah, they're a lot slower right now. And that was the same combination as I did with my Olympic coach. See this? It's a jab, lean back, jab, right? So, I'm leaning back, keeping my left hand down. But what I've done there, I'm stepping back forward, blasting out with a jab. So, you'll see this is going to be a powerful jab. Yeah. Now, this is a first time I've hit the mits with this trainer, who's a great trainer in Bali MMA, and I haven't got that chemistry that I had with Nigel Davies, like you've just seen. But there, I'm overextending that right hand. You see, like how my hand's coming all the way down. That's a bad right hand. Now, I'll tell you why. Look, watch this. Doesn't look so bad there. Actually, it's not that bad, is it? Really? 40-y old me with a big right hand with a big back muscles. Look at that. I'm not mad at that. So, you can see I've got some speed, but the speed is not there. What do you expect? And as well, I've got I know the camera's on me, so I'm trying to punch as fast as I can. But, uh, yeah, bringing my feet together a lot more here, which I try not to do. You see they're just moving there. Now, the problem with this position is if I'm here and someone comes forward, I can't throw a punch and I can't really move out the way. &gt;&gt; So, you should never have your feet apart. Even in training on the mits. Now, I want to jump to this clip as well from the same training session. This is like technical movement if you like. It's not sparring because we're not throwing punches hard. We're just making sure that we can see each other's punches coming. And it's good to do this sort of training with your partner, not hitting them in the head, but just so they can see what punches are coming. And it also it's helping you work on faints. Now, if you see what I'm doing now, I'm moving lots, keeping the guy thinking in front of us. He doesn't know what I'm going to do or when I'm going to do it, even though we're not trying to hit each other in the head. But one thing I'm I'm liking here about 40-year-old me is my feet. My feet are apart here. And by the way, I never recommend training bare feet for boxing. Got this blister after this session. So, yeah, fainting, moving, moving. Nice work. Now, things I've got to adjust in my training now being this age compared to when I was this age so I don't get injured. I guess the number one thing is I don't spar now. I never head spar. There's no need for me to get punched in the head ever again. I've been punched in the head thousands of times in my life. And if you're age 40, I wouldn't recommend you ever head sparring. Even if you're not going to fight ever, there's no point in head sparring. You can do should body sparring like this and get an unbelievable workout, a very competitive workout without having to get punched in the head and losing them brain cells. And as well as doing this sort of training is a lot of fun. Now, back when I was aged 23, I was training for fights. As you seen there, my coach was standing southpaw cuz I was about to fight a Southpaw. I was working on game plans in that session to fight the Southpaw in the European final. Now, I'd never think about game plans. I do think about good form and technique sometimes, but yeah, there's no need for me to think about, you know, I'm fighting a taller opponent right now or I'm visualizing someone shorter. Now, you can do that to spice your own workouts up if you want, but I don't do that. Another thing that's very important now getting on at this middle age in life is I've got to think about warming up correctly. Back then at 23 a little shoulder stretch that was my warm up done. Now I've got to warm up me full body or I'm going to be sore for bloody days now. Do I warm up correctly every single time? I'd be lying if I said I did cuz I don't. Warm-ups are boring, but I try to make myself aware of them. And then definitely when I'm feeling sore the next day, I think I wish I did warm up properly. Now, another big thing now, I would never train with a What's a Well, a is someone who I don't like being around. Back when I was a fighter, I was in the gym. There was some there, and I I train around these But now, I never train around I train around people who I want to be around, good people. I go to good gyms and do training that I enjoy because right now with me not being a fighter, I've got to enjoy the workout, right? We've got to have fun doing it. Back then when I was 23 and I had to train no matter how I felt. I had to go in the gym no matter who was there. I had no choice but to train. Often or not, I didn't enjoy the sessions. But now at this age, I can enjoy the sessions. I don't have to push myself too hard, even though sometimes I like to, but back then I had to. Now, there's two more big things that I work on now that I didn't when I was younger. The first one is I love to do footwork drills, agility ladder drills, even though, as you see on this video here, my footwork is on point. This is what helped me win so many fights. This is what helped me get an Olympic medal. This is what helped me have the success I had in boxing because I had unbelievable footwork. So yes, I do love working on footwork drills. I love working on agility line drills. This doesn't just help me better at boxing, but it helps me stay coordinated with training. It helps me enjoy the training. And another great thing about these drills is when you're working your feet along with your hands punching and stepping at the same time along with your mind and your eyes, you're working your hand, eye, and foot coordination all at one, which is great for your brain health. Now, no matter where you are in life, we all want to have better brains. So, I love my footwork drill. This is why I created the boxing footwork academy because inside of here, so all of the great footwork drill that you need to reach that next level in boxing, no matter what your goal is, if you want to have footwork like I had here or all of these other Olympians here, these all worked on footwork specific drills to have the great footwork that I've got. And I've added all of these drills in the footwork academy. If you want to get more details about this, you can scan here or you can go to boxingfitness.com/footwork. The links are below and check out the boxing footwork academy. Now, the last thing, well, it's kind of two things in one. You should be doing both of these things. The first one is listen to your body, right? If you are getting a little tweak in your in your shoulder or your back and it's hurting, I would, you know, not you don't have to end the training session there, but adjust your training to be able to maybe just work on this hand or go into some different sort of exercises rather than punching. Stop hitting that hard heavy bag. You need to listen to your body because what happens now at this age in life is if you pick up a little niggle as we call it, that could turn into an injury that can put you out of the gym. that can turn into something that makes you wear a bloody neck brace like I was wearing after training jiu-jitsu for so long. So, we need to really listen to our body. Now, part two of that is we need to focus on recovery. Back when I was training for the Olympics, I was training 12 times a week. Now, if I train 12 times in one week, I'm going to be in bed for a bloody week trying to recover. Now, you've got all this information. What you should do right now is one of two things. One thing, you can click here and get my footwork academy. It'll give you all the details. Or what you should do is watch this video next where I break down all of the best and worst ways to train in boxing. So get your footwork academy and then go and watch this video next. Snapsuit game changanger.