Kind: captions Language: en If Jake Paul knocks out Anthony Joshua, this will be the biggest upset in boxing history. And these boys are heavyweights, and in heavyweight boxing, anything can happen. And this fight has just been officially announced. And on this video, I'm going to go over the rules for this fight, give you my opinion, and I'm an Olympic medalist boxer, former undefeated professional myself, so I think my opinion's got a little bit weight behind it. Not as much weight as Anthony Joshua's got on Jake Paul, though, but we're going to talk all all about that right now. Now, at the end of the video, I'm going to give you my prediction of exactly what will happen, which is going to surprise and upset a lot of people, I'm sure it will. But, let's get on with it. So, this fight is happening December 19th in Miami. And we know it's definitely happened because Joshua has tweeted about it, Netflix has tweeted about it, DAZN has tweeted, everyone is bloody tweeting about it. Now, before I get into the predictions and exactly what's going to happen, I just want to say, if you are one of these people who can't stand Jake Paul, because there's so many people out there who can't stand Jake Paul, you've got to have a little bit of respect for him right now, right? Because, you know, even though he'll be getting like $50 million, and you might think, "Well, I would get in the ring with Anthony Joshua for $50 million." The difference is between you and me and Jake Paul is he doesn't have to get in the ring with Anthony Joshua for $50 million. He's got $50 million. So, for him to do this, get on the biggest stage in the world, which is Netflix, and fight a two-times heavyweight world champion, you've got to have a big giant set of balls, right? Now, you might think, "Well, look, Anthony Joshua's 36 years old. He's past it." No, mate. Alexander Usyk, who's the world heavyweight champion and probably the pound-for-pound best fighter in the world at heavyweight, is 38 years old. If you look at history over time, a lot of heavyweights seem to prime as they get older. Now, the problem for Anthony Joshua is his activity. He's only fought twice in 2 years, and one of them, he got knocked out off Daniel Dubois, that was his last fight. And a lot of people say it, you can only judge a fighter's quality from their last fight. And then the fight before that was a win, but it was a win against Francis Ngannou. Francis Ngannou, if you know, he was the UFC heavyweight who's not a real boxer, and he only had one fight before that boxing fight, where he lost as well. So, that's his activity in boxing. Now, Jake Paul, on the other hand, looking at his box record, he's had six fights since 2023. And one of them was against Mike Tyson, but we all seen what happened in that fight. Mike Tyson was well past his prime. Where Anthony Joshua, on the other hand, is, well, I wouldn't not going to say he's coming into his prime, because he had some great wins earlier on in his career before he lost to Usyk twice. And by the way, when he did lose to Usyk, the last one was a split decision. It was a pretty close fight. So, now this fight is matched, and I just want to look at the tale of the tape. Now, looking at the age difference, we've got 28 years old compared to 36 years old. So, I guess the advantage there goes a little bit towards Jake Paul. 28-year-old is better than a 36-year-old, but that being said, we've got to talk about experience and everything else what comes with being 36 years old at Anthony Joshua's level. And then, like I mentioned, the heavyweights kind of seem to prime a little bit older. Now, it'll come down to the height and the weight. This is This is the big one. 6'1" versus 6'6". 200 lb versus 252 lb. We've got a 252-pounder in Anthony Joshua. The reach advantage is a lot, which we would expect. Amateur fights, we can say that Jake's only had one, where AJ's had 43, but 43 of them are included at the highest level, Olympic level. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; And yes, he won the Olympic bloody gold medal, if I don't need to remind you. Now, then the pro record of Jake Paul is at 13 fights, lost one. AJ has had 28 fights, and he's lost four, with 25 KOs. And the one person that Jake Paul lost to was Tommy Fury. Now, can we compare Tommy Fury with Anthony Joshua? Not at all. It's like night and day. So, now I'm going to talk about the rules of this fight, and I'll then give you my prediction, which is going to shock a lot of people after this. So, what are the rules? The bout will take place at a heavyweight, obviously. It's going to be eight 3-minute rounds. You might think, "Well, that's better for Jake Paul." And I'm thinking, not really, it's better for Anthony Joshua, because he's just going to go all out for them eight 3-minute rounds. And imagine that, Anthony Joshua blasting out your 6'6", whatever he is, 250 lb, throwing big bombs at you. Anyway, both fighters will be using 10-oz gloves for the duration of the contest. Why have they got that? &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; It says, "Both fighters will be wearing 10-oz gloves for the duration of the contest." What What What do you expect? Them to take them off halfway through and switch them to 12s? But, I guess these days, anything happens in boxing, right? The boys will follow similar rules to Jake Paul Mike Tyson in November, but that fight was eight 2-minute rounds and 14-oz gloves. Not similar if it's smaller gloves and 2-minute rounds. Who wrote this for DAZN? It marks the first time Joshua will have contested less than 10 rounds [music] since 2015. The contest is a professional bout and will go on the boys' records. But that being said, this is heavyweight boxing, anything can happen. And I'm going to give you my prediction right now. I just want to say it, because there's a lot of hate out here on influencer boxing. A lot of people have got different opinions on boxing these days. But I want to ask you, do you box? Do you train boxing yourself? Well, if you do, you will understand that footwork is the most important thing in boxing. If your feet is not right, nothing is right. And right now, I'm doing a massive Black Friday sale on my footwork boxing academy, where I teach you some Olympic-level boxing training tips and drills that will help you reach your full potential boxing. You can scan here, or click the link below, go to boxingfitness.com/footwork, and you'll see all of the details there for this great Black Friday sale. Now, who do I think is going to win this fight and how? Well, if I said to you Jake Paul is going to win this fight by knockout, you would think I'm absolutely crazy, right? But the thing is, it can happen. 10-oz gloves, heavyweight, Jake Paul can punch hard. But do I think that's going to happen? Absolutely not, mate. Anthony Joshua is an absolute beast, an unbelievable, highly skilled, highly trained, highly experienced professional boxer with power in both hands, and he's really good at finishing people off. And even though I really take my hat off to Jake Paul for taking this fight, I I didn't really want to take it because of what's going to happen in the result of this fight, and I want to keep on this Jake Paul train. I think he's doing great, and I love his ambition, I love that he's trying to become a world champion and following his dreams and believing in himself, but at a certain point, you bite off more than you can chew. And this right here, he's bit off way more than he can chew. I think Anthony Joshua is going to end this fight within three rounds. Now, let me know what you think in the comments below. Also, make sure you subscribe so you don't miss my next follow-up video on this. I'm going to be talking about it loads.