Kind: captions Language: en What's the biggest reason why most people don't improve at boxing? Is it their coach? Is it their technique? Is it their fitness? Well, even though that they are important, that is not the biggest reason why you're probably not improving in boxing. And on this video, I'm going to go over the five biggest mistakes that I see lots of people making that you've probably not thought about before. And at the end of the video, I'm going to tell you the biggest mistake that I see men aged between 25 and 35 year old making. So, if you're aged between 25 and 35 and you're a man, make sure you wait till the end of the video to hear this mistake cuz I bet you're making it. If you don't know who I am, my name is Tony Jeff. I'm an Olympic medalist boxer, former undefeated professional, seven times national champion, and European gold medalist. and I've traveled the world and taught thousands of people how to box and how to teach boxing as well. So, when it comes to this, I kind of know what I'm talking about without trying to sound like a big massive fat head. Anyway, let's get on with it. Number five is something that I actually used to do all of the time until I moved to America and start training alongside Aander Holyfield and my coach really picked up on this. And what it is is when I was shadow boxing throughout most of my career, especially when there wasn't a coach there, I wouldn't be shadow boxing correctly. And when I go in gyms, and I see people shadow boxing, and I'm sure you've seen this yourself as well, you'll go in there and people will be here, hands down, or they'll just be throwing the straight punches like this, and they'll be walking around where this is incorrect, and it's holding you back. Now, if you see this footage right now, we've got Aander Holyfield. He's a multimetime heavyweight world champion. Just look at how he's shadow boxing. And this is coming to the end of his career. And I'm alongside him shadow boxing the way I am as well. And and when you're shadow boxing correctly like you're seeing right now, this isn't just an extension of your warm-up. This actually will translate from shadow boxing to the heavy bags, from the heavy heavy bags into the ring when you're sparring, from the sparring into fights. So, what I'm going to tell you is to focus more time and energy on shadow boxing the correct way. Working on the specific things that you need to work on for you to get better. Never mind what Johnny's working on over there or what Peter is doing over there because we've all got different bad habits and it's them bad habits that we want to get out of. So, the way we get out of them all starts with your shadow boxing. So, make sure that is correct. Now, moving down the list to number four. Oh, this is my pet peeve what I see in gyms all the time and this is incorrect sparring. People will be punching the out of each other. Now, think about this. If you're sparring all the time and you know if you make a mistake, you're going to get it whacked so hard in the face it's going to hurt. It's going to blow your nose. you're going to have a headache all night long. Are you going to try new things? Probably not. Do we need to try new things in sparring? 100%. Because it's sparring, which is training where we get better. The reason we spar is to help us improve. Now, if you're afraid of doing a certain punch or technique in sparring because your sparring partner is going to hurt you, that's going to prevent you from doing that punch or move or trying anything new because we're sparring wrong. Sparring should be enjoyable. It should be fun. You should be able to try new things out. And if they don't work in sparring, yes, you might get countered, but that counter is not going to give you concussion or it's not going to break your nose or give you a black eye. And I see this way too often. People are afraid to try new things because they're so scared of getting hurt. Now, if we turn this hard sparring, this old school sparring into more of a fun technical sparring, we are going to get so much more out of it. Now, when I say fun, I don't mean carrying on and messing around. I mean continuing to throw at 100% speed, but pull the power back to around 50 to 70%. We should not be hard sparring all the time. As you can see, I'm getting angry right now. Steam's coming out my ears. Relax, mate. Relax. I need to relax. Sparring should be enjoyable. Sparring is used for learning, not for bloody fighting. Now, number three is very important, but to get this right, you also need to be doing number two and number one on this list right as well. And I see this all the time. People will be going in the gym and they'll be working on the heavy bag. They'll be working on trying to punch harder, trying to punch faster, try to get better head movement, try to counter punch better, try to get better footwork, try to turn the hips, try to fully extend, and doing everything in one round. Now, the problem with that is if you're trying to focus on everything, the one thing that you need to improve on will not improve. And a great example of this is footwork. If you can't move around the bag correctly, this is something that you need to be focusing on. But not just, oh, today I'm going to focus on me footwork. Uh, no, mate. You need to be working on a specific drills for each session. And one thing about footwork is if you get your feet right, everything else will improve. Your conditioning, your coordination, your defense, your hand speed, your power of your punches, your counter punching. It all starts with the feet. But like I said, you need to be working on the specific things. And if you want to get perfect footwork, you need to check out my boxing footwork academy. This is stacked with all of the best drills, tips, techniques, and education right you can get to improve your feet. You can either scan here or go to boxingfitness.com/footwork. The link is below and check this out. This will really take you to the next level like the next two things on this video as well. So, let's move on to number two and that is training alone. Now, you might be thinking, "Well, Tony, I train alone. I can't get a coach. I can't afford a coach. I can't there's not a coach in my area." And that might be true, but if you're training alone, what tends to happen is you develop bad habits because you've got no one there. Every time you're on the bag and you're dropping this hand, you've got no one there saying, "Keep your hand up, mate." Right? So, you tend to drop it. And if you do train alone, there's two things that you can be doing. One is recording every single training session that you do and then going back and analyzing your video and seeing exactly what you need to work on. And then when you figure that out what you need to work on, then you can go back to my last tip, tip number three, which is working on the specific things to be able to improve on that. But before you can work on them, you need to identify the mistakes that you're making. So that's why you need to record yourself. And the second thing you can do if you're training alone, which might be hard, but it might be great, is try and get a training partner. Try and find someone in your area that's into boxing for into boxing training. And when you've got a training partner, not only is that great because it's someone who can hold you accountable to, you know, train alongside you and get the most out of you, but there's a ton of different drills that you can do with a training partner that will help you level up. I've got a ton of partner drills that you can do on my boxing footwork academy which I mentioned earlier on which is going to take you to the next level. Now moving on to number one before I talk about the big mistake I see people aged 25 to 35 making and this is working on all the fun stuff. Now, boxing can be a lot of fun when we are doing the flashy jump rope or we hitting the speed bag or we working on the double end bag and we trying to look like a Roy Jones Jr. or a Prince Nazim Hammed in the shadow boxing bouncing around. Working on the fun stuff in boxing is a lot of fun. But to really improve at boxing, we've got to work on the bloody boring stuff. Well, I I think it's boring, which is hitting the heavy bag for eight three minute rounds. Doing four three minute rounds of shadow boxing, working on the specific things that I talked about on mistake number three. Doing these things over and over again, repetition, repetition, making sure that you're getting better at these certain things. And these will really help you level up if you are working on them things time and time again. I've studied lots of professional boxers workouts and it'll probably surprise you that most of them are the same. They'll come to the gym, they'll do the warm-up, they'll do the jump rope, they'll do the shadow boxing, they'll hit the bloody heavy bag for four, 6, 8, 10 rounds, do the speed ball, boom, do the abs, boom, and then they're done and out of there. It's the boring stuff that help you get better. Now, if you're a meal between 25 and 35, I guarantee you're making this bloody mistake. And what this is, you're coming to the gym, you're hitting the heavy bag, and you're forgetting to do one key thing. You're forgetting to do one thing that you do every single day without even having to think about it. Do you know what that one thing is? It is breathing. And the reason why I know that you're doing this mistake is because even after I had all of the success that I had in boxing, I was still making the same bloody mistake. I was holding me breath and getting tired, mate. So, what can you do to fix that? Well, I want you to go back to the mistake number three what I said about the focusing on the certain thing for the full round, which your thing will be breathing and really getting into your head that you're going to be exhaling when you're throwing every single punch and also relaxing when you're not throwing punches. So, it's then we're relaxing, relaxing, then we're relaxing and relaxing. And I've got an amazing drill how to relax on my footwork academy. If you click here, you go through and check out the footwork academy and see if this is right for you or