Kind: captions Language: en Strength, speed, and stamina are all important in a fight, but they're not everything. You can be fit, you can be strong, and have great technique, but if your reflexes are slow, you're going to really struggle once punches start flying back at you. You might land a few clean shots, but when your opponent starts firing, you can't just shell up forever. At some point, you've got to move your head, move your feet, make space, react, and counter. And this is why reflexes are so important. This is your body's ability to respond before your brain fully processes what's happening. Normally, our brains take a split second to figure things out before we move. But having high-level reflexes, what I'm going to show you on this video, will skip that and help you react before the person in front of you does what they're about to do. And you're going to be able to do this without even having to think about it. It's like when you're driving a car, you're changing gears, you're pressing the brakes. You're doing all this without thinking about it. This is called the reflex arc, the link between what you can see and how fast your body can react. So, can you actually train this for boxing? Absolutely. As you know, flinching is an automatic reflex. When someone punches you and you're not used to it, we flinch, right? Sometimes you'll close your eyes, sometimes you'll cover up, sometimes you'll turn away if you've got no experience, cuz that's all built into us as human beings. But real fight reflexes, slipping a punch without overthinking it, blocking a punch cleanly instead of freezing up, or moving out the way with your feet and then coming back with a punch of your own, these are all trained. What you can do, and I'll tell you on this video how you can do that. And the more reps that you get in, the more your body will learn how to respond without waiting for permission from your brain. But that's only half of the story, because you also need to train your eyes, especially your peripheral vision. And I want to really make you aware of this peripheral vision, cuz it's so important in boxing. Now, a lot of new boxers ask me, "Where should I be looking when I'm in the ring with someone else? Should I be looking directly into someone's eyes because so I can see what they're going to do? Or should I be looking at the gloves? And then when the gloves start to move, is it then when I should get out of the way of them?" You can do both of them, but that's not the best way to do this. Experienced fighters like myself, and if you don't know, I had 106 fights in my career, won an Olympic medal, European gold, and was seven times national champion, we are watching the whole body, the feet, the hips, the legs, the arms, the elbows, the head, the body, ears. And we're not looking at that like this, like looking around at everything. No, what we're doing, we're using our peripheral vision by looking directly into someone's chest right here. Now, when you're doing this, you can see all of them things that I just spoke about, but also this will help you reading the very small movements that the person in front of you is doing before they have thrown that punch. And when you're training this peripheral vision, it's really helping your brain take in everything that's happening around you, not just what's in front of you, like these the person's gloves. And try this. Instead of staring at the hands, when you focus on that chest, you will soon see that you can view absolutely everything on the person in front of you, which will only help you anticipate the punch before it comes. Now, in order to build that awareness and train your peripheral vision, you can do drills with a tennis ball, where you're bouncing the ball, you're moving, you're catching it as you punch. And when you're doing this sort of training, this is forcing your eyes to scan quickly, react. In that split second, you're catching the ball, you're throwing the punch, you're bringing it back to your face while you're moving your feet. And doing this will help both your eyes track that movement and see what's going on all around you, rather than what's just in front of you. You can also do drills using an agility ladder, getting used to stepping fast, punching, and moving at the same time while keeping good form and technique. And when you're doing this consistently, overall awareness tightens up. And doing this sort of training with the training that I'm going to tell you in a second will really help you with your fast reactions. You will start to anticipate punches coming before they actually coming. Now, before I tell you about the other way of training, it's important that you understand about nerve-to-muscle response. This is how fast your brain sends signals to move. Like when a punch is coming at you, your eyes pick it up, your brain recognizes it and sends electrical signals down your muscles that you need to react, to move out the way, and then come back with a counter punch of your own. And all of that happens within a millisecond. And just so you know, a millisecond is faster than the time it took me to say millisecond. That's how fast we've got to react. The faster that signal, the more chance you've got to be able to avoid any shot. A slow signal means that you're going to get punched in the face, which we don't want to get punched in the face. But there's one big problem that I know that you've experienced, and that is your speed drops when you get tired. Not just in your punches, but in your reactions, too. Fatigue doesn't just hit your muscles, it hits our nervous system. And when that happens, our brain gets tired and it doesn't send them signals as fast as we need, and then that's when we start getting slow reactions and getting hit more if we was in sparring. Now, I could just say to you, "Well, you need to get fitter and that'll help," which is which is correct. But let's be real, we all going to get tired in boxing, right? All we're not going to be super fit where we never get tired, but there is still things that can do that make sure you've got them fast reactions even when you're exhausted. And a great thing is to do them tennis ball drills and do them footwork reaction drills when you're tired, rather than just when you're fresh and you're feeling good. That will really help with this and get your nervous system to stay quick even when your body wants to lie down and rest. And now, the last big thing that I want to talk about is your ability to be able to read patterns and time your movements, because it's this that separates the elite from the average fighters. Having great pattern recognition will help you knowing exactly what the guy's going to do in front of you before he does it, which I've already spoke about. And now, when you learn how to do this with good timing, not only does this stop you from being punched, which we don't want to get punched, but it's also going to help you with the rhythm of the fight, controlling the fight, and coming back with great counter punches as well. Now, the best thing that you can do for all of this is technical sparring. When you're sparring for technique, still working on speed, but working on themed things, this is going to have real punches coming at you, to show you how to read the punches from a real person. And as well, with this type of sparring, you can work on new things, because if you've sparred hard, you're often afraid to throw a new type of punch in case you miss and you get hurt. But when it's technical sparring, you can take way more chances because you know, if you if it doesn't work, you're not going to get hurt. And when you're doing this, this is what's going to help you become less predictable in your boxing game as well. Now, one last drill that you can do that will help you with some reactions is a simple drill called the tennis ball drop, which I've done lots of videos on this on my YouTube channel. And this is where you're going to hold the ball out in front of you and drop it, and before it hits the ground, you're going to catch it with a punch. And then switch it up and do it again. Now, to advance this even more, you can have a partner hold the ball out. He will drop the ball, when he drops it, you've got to catch it fast. This is forcing your brain to react instantly and sharpen your hand-in-eye coordination. If you are training these together, your eyes, your brain, your body, you will 100% react faster. You'll be able to read better. You will be much harder to hit and stay calm when you're under pressure. And it's this what makes great fighters look like they're moving from the movie The Matrix. Instead of dodging bullets, they're dodging punches. And now you know this, it's important that you know what is the very best defense in boxing. So, I created a full video showing you what the very best defense in this is boxing. You click here, watch this video next.