Kind: captions Language: en Carlos Adamus in his first appearance in Minnesota fighting in his first main event on Showtime. He will take on Julian Williams who was campaigning in just his second fight as a full-fledged 160 pounder. Here's Jimmy Lennon Jr. Ladies and gentlemen, the time has come for the bout you've all been waiting for. the main event for the interim WBC middleweight world championship. And now, please welcome the boxers as they make their way to the ring. First, here is the challenger and the former unified champion of the world from Philadelphia, Julian J. Rockck Williams. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Yeah. Well, Julian JRock Williams and his trainer Steven Redman Edwards, they had a bit of rift. It was Edwards who met Julian Williams when he first started boxing. Williams was living in homeless shelters. Edwards had never trained a fighter. He led him to a world championship unified title at 154, but he's hit the highest of highs, the lowest of lows, and he feels that tonight will represent another resurrection, this time at 160 lbs. And and Breadman Edwards, a highly respected trainer, he says, "We are looking forward to proving everybody wrong." Hey, Adamus is supposed to be the killer, the knockout artist. I honestly think, and this is Breadman Edwards talking, he says, "I honestly think Williams will knock out Adamus here tonight." [Music] Matt Williams has fought only once a year since 2018. And now making his way to the ring, known as one of the most feared men in boxing from the Dominican Republic, here is the interim WBC middleweight champion of the world, Carlos Bronco Adam. The dog is here. The dog is here. The dog is here. [Music] Fist bumps all around for the passionate crowd here at the Armory in Minneapolis, Minnesota for Carlos O'Damos, who says he's more than ready for his closeup. He's on a fouright win streak, including his first three and 160 lbs. And that includes a breakthrough majority decision over three-time 160lb title challenger, the perennial bridesmaid Sergey Derbianenko. in December 2021. He followed that up with a third round KO of one MS Montiel this past October. The same MS Montiel who went the 12 round distance with the champion Gerald Charlo in Charlo's most recent fight 2 years ago. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Well, as we look at the numbers uh in this fight, we look at the fact uh that Julian Williams at 33 years of age, a 13-year veteran of the sport. Tonight, his job is to waken awaken the echoes of his great moments from the past. He and Red Man Edwards have had the most intense training camp they've had in quite a while to try and do just that. The key rules for the main event, only the referee can stop the fight. A fighter cannot be saved by the belt and the fight becomes official after four completed rounds. from the Armory, Minneapolis, Minnesota. Let's go to the always dapper, Jimmy Lennon, Jr. Ladies and gentlemen, we welcome you to the Arbory here in beautiful Minneapolis, Minnesota as Premier Boxing Champions presents the featured bout of the evening brought to you by TGB Promotions Warriors Boxing Promotions and Showtime sponsored by DraftKings Sportsbook. This bout is sanctioned by the WBC. The president, Mauricio Sullean, supervisor in attendance, Michael George. Our three judges scoring from ringside from Minnesota, John Mariano. From Indiana, Nathan Palmer, and from Nevada, Raundo Perez. And our third man of the ring, the referee in charge will be giving instructions after the introductions, Mark Nelson. All right, fans. Here we go with the main event of the evening, 12 rounds of boxing for the interim WBC Middleweight Championship of the World. And now, ladies and gentlemen in attendance and boxing fans joining us around the world, live from Minneapolis, Minnesota, it's showtime. Introducing to you first, the challenger on my left, fighting out of the red corner, entering the ring, wearing red trunks with gold chim, hailing and representing his home of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He weighed in at 159 and 14 lbs. His record stands at 28 wins, three losses, and one draw with 16 wins coming by way of knockout. Here is the current middleweight world contender. Please welcome the former unified WBA, IBF, and IBO Junior Middleweight Champion of the world. Introducing Julian, JRock Williams. and his opponent across the ring. The defending champion fighting out of the blue corner wearing white trunks with red and blue trim. Hailing from and representing Sto Domingo in the Dominican Republic. He weighed in at 159 and 12 lbs with a record of 22 wins and one loss. He has 17 big wins coming by way of knockout. Here is the hardhitting interim WBC middleweight world champion introducing Carlos Bronco [Music] [Applause] Adamez. Once again, here's your referee in charge now to give instructions, Mark Nelson. Gentlemen, you received my instructions earlier, so you both know what I expect. A good, clean championship fight. Obey my commands and protect yourself at all times. Touch gloves. Good luck to both of you. Mark Nelson, 31 years pro experience, 941st pro butt, among the best in the game as we get set for 12 rounds or less at 160 lb. Carlos Adamus, he says he is ready for a war. Always looking for a fight. Always looking for the knockout. Julian Jrock Williams. Hey, he loves being the underdog, especially under the brightest lights. He's looking to make a mark in his second weight [Music] class. Round number one, the southpaw Adam. Williams immediately flashing the jab. And Adamus normally doesn't switch this early in fights. Uh he has a pattern though. Round one, he's always low in volume. Round two, he starts to really kick it up. And by round three, he's in gear. So, if you're Junian Williams, round one might be a round in which you can make something happen or at least try. Adamus Ambidextrous can do everything with both of his hands. Speaking of his hands as a 33rd of 35 and children, his late greatfather Santiago, proud dad of all 35 kids. But you got Abner Adam, you're from a big family, Abner Adamus had to scrap from literal scraps and now he's on the verge of becoming well a player at 160 lbs. Yeah, I come from a family of 12 and uh so I can relate a little bit uh you know we were really fighting uh each other all my sisters all my brothers they box too. So I get to relate to Adam and uh going to what Al mentioning about Adam being a slow starter especially in the first round. Williams taking advantage right now because he's really a good counter puncher boxer punching and he's doing it really well right now. Get warmed up. All right, step around. So, Williams has decided to fight this fight from the outside. There's a debate about that. Is that the best way for him or is it better for him to be on the inside like Derenchko did, cranking up left hooks and fighting off Adam's chest. Well, in talking to another Hall of Famer, our unofficial scorer Steve Farhood, earlier today, he said, "Yeah, Williams has probably got to be the boxer in this matchup." He likes that. Steve and I slightly disagree on that point, but utilizing it here early in the round one going to body with right hand. I'm going to get you guys in the ring and you want to see us battling it out. I'd rather see you than Elon Musk and Mark Zuckerberg. That's for sure. Under a minute left here in the opening round. Well, you can't disagree with with the boxing a little bit from from Williams. Look at what he's doing right now. Really not giving Adamus anything. And if it would have he would have decided to go in, I think he would have given Nadamus a lot more to get hit. Williams run the ropes, gets shot to the body, but good counter right hand by Williams, but took a nasty left to the body and Williams forced to try to clinch after tasting the power of Carlos Adamus. A very tentative, cautious first round as we thought Adamus might do, but Williams has only thrown 11 more punches himself. And we know that Williams has suffered from well punch resistance issues early in fights. Has been down three times all in the first couple of rounds of those fights. And a good start for Carlos Adamus here in the first [Music] [Applause] frame. And yet Williams did a good job of boxing. Let's take a look at the keys for these men. Uh for Adamus, he wants to establish that jab. He likes that. It keeps him at distance. Feel free to switch. Well, he went to lefty right away in this fight. So, he switched immediately. Um the uppercut is a great punch for him, which he can use if Williams happens to be within range of that punch. Now, as for Julian Williams, so he's a very, very good combination puncher. I think it's especially true if he's fighting off the chest of Adamus. This is where I kind of think he might want to be. The left hook is a great punch. Deerianko landed it a lot against Adamus. Williams has a very good left hook. [Applause] Second round scheduled for 12 at 160 [Applause] lbs. Jamal Charlo again the one of the belt holders at this weight class off with personal issues. There's other belt holders including here is Landy Lara. And I kind of see what Williams is doing right now is trying to take the rhythm off Adamus and really use those angles and not give anything for Adamus to hit. And you know, the less volume, the less punches that Adam lands, you know, the better chances for Williams. I got to give credit to Jenny Beck Ali Mahanala who is also a belt holder, one of the sanctioning body belts vacant after Ganetti Golovkin vacated the titles and and that's why one of the glamour divisions throughout the history of the sport. So many great names. But yeah, as Brian Kuster said at the opening of the show, in a state of flux and room for new fighters to emerge. You know, this is only the second fight with Bob Santos for Adamus. And you know, Santos feels very strongly, as you pointed out earlier, Maro, that Adamus is one of the most talented fighter he's worked with. So, he's very high on him, and that's over 40 years of experience in this game. Again, there is going to be a time where Will Lewis is going to be forced to fight in the inside, but right now the boxing from the outside is good, but Adamus putting on that pressure. Oh, the veteran Williams trying to clinch, trying to mute the offense of Adamus. Adamus unloading on Williams in the corner. Williams bobbing and weaving high guard. Nice left uppercut, left hook combination by Williams. See, I think this is exactly where Williams should be. I got to be honest with you. Yes, Rodamus is strong, but that's where Williams can land punches. Yeah, and I think like I said, I think that it's going to be a moment like just like that where he is going to be forced to let those punches go. Final minute of the second, but as the older fighter, you don't want to take early shots. Well, no, but I think in the outside there's even more danger of that. Oh, beautiful left hook to the body. Good counter upstairs by Williams. Adamus has done a great job downstairs so far. And now Williams putting together a combination. And here comes Adamus. Remember what I said at the top of the show. Both of them said they would be looking to go for the KO and things heating up quickly here between Adamus and Williams. Williams retreating. Sharp long range jab from Williams. [Applause] Nice. Three left hands. Upstairs, downstairs, back upstairs. Carlos Adamus on the attack. Another man who loves to go on the attack and is known for his power. Hey, David Morell, Minnesota's own now from Cuba. He's had many memorable moments here in the Armory. 9 and0 with eight KOs and from Cuba now here in Minneapolis and uh big things ahead for the undefeated David Morell. Very exciting young fighter. Adamus having some great moments there. The jab and the straight left hand. He we talked about him wanting to use the jab. That's what helped set up that straight left hand later in the round. And this was an very important moment for Julian Williams. It looked like he this fight was starting to turn badly against him at that moment, but not everything landing here, but he put Adamus on the defense. Landed a pretty good left hook and an uppercut that kind of saved that round at least for Williams being in trouble. Round number three, we just saw Morell. He campaigns at 168. Lots of uh lots of things going on in that division that we look forward to talking more about. But man, Morell wants the big fights. These two want big fights. Williams trying to bring the fight now to Adamus here in round three. Going to the body and and Al Bernstein as always. Reason your Hall of Fame analyst. Williams doing well when he gets on the inside and goes to the body. And that left hook. I'll tell you what, if I'm Williams, I'm gonna crank that left hook up as much as I can when I'm closer at mid-range. That's what Der Venchenko did against Adamus. And Steven Bredman Edwards with the instructions to go to the body of Adamus. Adamus has faded in the past later in fights. And if Williams makes that allimportant investment early, he could puncture a hole in the gas tank of Adamus much sooner. Yeah, that happened against Patrick Fera, a fight. His lone loss. Yes, his lone loss and a little bit against maybe off balance, but Williams nailed it with the one two. See, and that's awesome from the from a distance. He comes in, he lets go of the punches like says from the inside. I like how he gets out of danger right away. It was a left hand that knocked him down against Patrick Terra. The only time that Adamus has hit the deck in his career. Minute and a half left in the third. Another solid combination from Williams. Forget the body. Williams is doing a great job targeting the head of Adamus here in the third. Well, whatever happens in this fight, Julian Williams is not going to go carefully into the night. Quietly, that's for sure. And again has hit the summit. Former unified 154 lb champion. Yeah, this is experience as at his highest right now in his finest with Julian Williams making the shots really well. Williams 33, Adamus 29. Final minute of the third. Al, give us the show stats for the power punches in this round. And that's everything other than the jab. And in this round, landing at 56% is Williams. And so he's having himself quite the round here in round number three. Abner over 40% is considered a good night at the office. 50 a really good night. So Williams having a fantastic frame in the third. Yeah, really picking his shots well. Using the entire ring, the angles again, not giving Adamus a precision, not setting letting Adam set up more than anything and letting off first. Adamus saying he wanted to make a statement in his first main event on Showtime. First fight of Minnesota. Now Adamus and Hunting lands the one two. A tremendous third round between Adamus and Williams. The crowd here in Minnesota electrified. [Applause] It's good. It's good. Excellent. Everything is okay. Everything's okay. Just keep the hands up. Keep the hands up on both sides. [Music] You need more jabs there working. Okay, [Music] well, Williams had a tremendous round in the last round cranking up the left hook. Uh that kind of pushed Adamus back. Adamus later in round did have a moment or two, but uh they were few and far between. Julian Williams doing a good job defensively. Kind of right hook got in there, but Adamus, that round was a Julian Williams round and a big one for him. Get the ice here. Okay, round number four scheduled for 12 at 160 lbs. Julian J. Rock Williams looking to continue a new trajectory at 160 lbs. And meanwhile, Adamus, who calls himself the most feared man in the division, wants to not only win, but make a statement. Williams has been very good responsibly defens responsibly defensively because he's he's keeping those gloves up and now countering very well. You know, Damas has fought almost this whole fight as a lefty. He told us, "I'm going to switch a lot because I think as a righty, I'm more powerful." But he stayed lefty the whole time. Yeah, good defense, good movement by JRock. And Al mentioned it. I mean, Adamus is attacking him, but Williams is either taking the steam off the punches or avoiding all of them. Either he's getting off first or he's letting Adamus come in and making a miss and then making him pay for it. back. Heavy left hand from Adamus. You know, you get the feeling Adamus feels and it may well be that he can change this fight with a big punch and he may very well be able to do that. But it's also kind of making him be a little cautious in terms of numbering throws. Thomas walking down Williams now, but Williams very comfortable along the ropes. Good vision. Nice sniper like right hand by Williams and ducks underneath the sweeping hook of Adamus. Yeah, for Williams. You can't let Adamus build confidence again. Oh, Adamus looking for the left uppercut. There's a right uppercut from Williams. Good stuff. Adam Thomas and Williams and Williams defense on point. Yeah, but that was a nice right hook by Adamus and he's getting some work done on the inside now. Battering them. The peekaboo defense beginning to leak for Williams. curls a right hook upstairs. Adamus unloading on Williams. Williams the veteran holding on trying to keep from going down. The onslaught from Adamus continues. Crowd roaring its approval. Adamus looking to close the show in the fourth. Williams holding on for dear life. [Applause] Uppercut Adam Thomas. Body shot by both of them. The guts, the guile of Williams. The intensity, the aggression of Adamus. A fantastic fourth round and it looks like Williams is going to escape it. [Music] [Applause] Yo yo, you got to go look. You hear me? Yo, get some water. How you feel? Good. You all right? We're in the middle. Yo, he's all right. He's all right. He all right. Yo, listen. The other guy shot his low. The other guy shot his low. Brett man Edwards good debater trying to make sure they don't stop this fight. The Adamus had a terrific round of course and he pushed Williams against the ropes and he used good combinations and uh the right hook was a an important weapon and that one hurt him plus the left hand by Adam. So, uh, he did a terrific job with combination punching as we see here and had Williams almost ready to go down. Yes. Round number. Sorry, Abner. Go ahead. Yeah. So much for now. Letting Adamus build confidence. He really did it this last the last round. Round five. Let's see how Williams responds. Breadman Edwards is chief second. Wants him to continue to go to the body. And and even when he said, "Oh, no." I thought, oh boy, nice right hand boy. I think he meant also get down so you can get in there and and crouch a little and get, you know, get inside to throw those punches. I still think Williams has to fight off his chest. That's the safest place for him. Adamus sparred a lot with Terrence Crawford back in 2017. Cannot wait for that showdown July 29th Showtime pay-per-view. Errol Spence, Terence Crawford determining the pound-for-pound best fighter in the sport. Adamus with the uppercut again. Launches his attack. Nice right hand by Williams. Williams with another right trying to get back in after that very impressive fourth round for Adamson. Williams in the opening minute showcasing his grit and going to the body with the left hook. And I love and I see what Al means about, you know, making this fight inside fight for Williams. That's where he's going to get his best shots in and best combinations. And that that might work for him if he can get the if he can get the but unfortunately I mean for for Williams is that Adam is just physically too strong. I think that Williams needs to pick his shots and try to move again like he was doing in the first couple of rounds. But it's easier said than done. The the pressure from McDonald's is just too much. The main punch you can land against especially when he's a lefty is the left hook. He's open to that punch. They're being tickled to it constantly. That's the punch. If there's any punch that's going to keep Williams in this fight, that's the punch. Exchange body shots. Head to head, nose tonse, toe to toe, close quarters. Adamus and Williams. A minute left in the fifth. Adamus is not a big volume puncher and so he's taking his time here. He's the kind of fighter that takes some time looking for. Double jab from Adamus. Double right hand. And there's a left hook from Williams. Williams three punch combination. Adamus leans in, pops off the left uppercut. There's a straight left from the southbound. Yeah. When Williams is still here. How about that? Oh, yeah. After that last round. Yeah. One of the gets lazy in there and he doesn't let his hands go. Williams takes advantage and he lets his go. Half minute remaining in the fifth. There's a three-punch combination culminating with the hook upstairs and the shot at the bell. And oh, little extracurricular after Adamus got a shot to the family jewels. Command. Okay. Or what he thought was a shot to the family. Here we go. Under 10 seconds remaining now. And Williams with uh he has to build on this as he comes back in the fifth. All right, round number six scheduled for 12 in the 160lb division. Williams starts out fast. Both men are landing uh well with their power punches. Everything other than the jab. 43% for Adamus, 41% for Williams. So, they are being accurate with their power punches. Beautiful way to make Adamus miss with that jab and coming back with his own punch. leads left hand by Adamus. Yeah, when you look at the numbers it, you know, an edge for Adamus. I don't think that's shocking uh according to show stats. Uh and you know, he's landing about 35%. He's a little busier than Williams as well. Wow. Williams just hit him with a nice left hook and then popped him in the nose with a straight right hand. Yeah, Williams is beating him to the punch right now. You know, the fact that Williams got through that fourth round that he is even still here. We know Adamus has had, as Maul pointed out, some issues with stamina as fights go on in the Dervanchenko fight. Though he was very good in the 10th round, he had problems in these middle and later rounds. So, we'll see how it goes. Yeah. And that round threw a lot. He felt that he had brilliance out and he pretty much let everything out. Midway point of the round and the fight. Good counter combination by Adamus. Adamus shot to the body. There's a one two upstairs gets through the guard of Williams and Adamus has switched to righty where he thinks he's more powerful. Oh, he's getting confidence as an orthodox fighter now. Hands are low. Pops the jab. Now sits down on the right hand with Williams on the ropes. Williams has proven to be very defensively responsible even on the ropes. But as we come to the final minute of the sixth from the orthodox stance of Thomas trying to unload apparently Adamus picked a very propitious moment to become a righty. I like that scrabble word you just used. Right hand from Williams. Counter right from Adamus. Look how smart and the experience from Williams. I love how Ben there in those those moments when he they're exchanging punches because he loves to go the with the uppercuts and the body shot. Two-way action here in the six. 30 seconds left. Both of them ripping to the body at close quarters. Good work on the inside. They're digging deep. Gut check for both fighters. Gritty, gutsy, good stuff through the first half of this scheduled 12 round affair between Carlos Adamus and Julian Williams. Adamus doing a fantastic job to the body there. I mean, that was great body punching. Was perfect. Perfect. Just keep that right hand up and keep working the angles and then start also working the body. Perfect. That's the fight we're looking for. But more angles and protect yourself. Well, Williams it was, this was early on in the round, landing the nice straight right hand, a lead right hand as Adamus was coming in as a left-hander. Now, Adamus became a righty in that round and the body work that he did, you know, some on the borderline. Of course, he had been hit low, so maybe he's doing some tit for tat, but he did some really good body work. There was also above the belt line during that round, almost to the demilitarized zone of combat sports. Seventh round begins today right away. They attract each other like enough to that proverbial flame and bear on the retreat. Both of them even hitting from distance there and Williams landed a good combination there. All right, let's bring in our unofficial score, Steve Farhood. Steve, great fight so far. How do you have it on your unofficial scorecard? Mo, I think most of the rounds have been clearly won by one fighter or the other. The question is round four and during which Williams was badly hurt. Will the judges score that 108 or 109? I scored a 10-9 and I have Adamus up 58 56, four rounds to two after six, but that could have been a 108 round on some cards. Man, heavy shots being exchanged. Adamus landing his fair share. Williams chopping away but gets his guards split. Nice body shot by Adam. Sorry. No, I apologize when I said Williams needs to be in the inside. He's done good work. I wasn't suggesting that Thomas can't fight on the inside and he's doing a good job. I just meant that's where Williams has a chance to win this fight. They're both doing great work on the inside. And look at the body punching. Adam's doing a better job with it in that last round. Both men are going there, but Adam that last round was spectacular to the body. And there was going to be a time where uh JRock Williams was going to have to fight in the inside and that is now now. And he was he's doing a good job with the Adamus body work that is really hurting Williams. I love the committed work to the body by both fighters. Predominantly Adamus here in round beginning to take the steam out of Julian Jrock Williams who comes with a right to eats another body shot. Williams comes back with a right uppercut. backs up with Adamus now walking him down. Adamus back to southpaw. Williams beating him to the punch. Julian Williams when he looks back at this fight will ru the fact that when he was in position he wasn't able to get the left hook off more often. That's the punch he needs in his fight badly. 30 seconds left in the seventh. Nice sequence for Carlos Adamus. Strafing the body, hitting Williams hard upstairs. And Williams misses with the sweeping right. And another body attack here by Adam, including a left and right uppercut. And Williams got in a short left hook a moment ago. He needs to throw that punch more, but Adamus doing a great job in this round. We are through seven at the Armory in Minneapolis, Minnesota. Time [Applause] I got to say I wanted to be cool. Listen. Listen to me, Joe. He's on the other side of this. Put your head up. Listen to me. He on the other side of this, Joel. You know what I mean by that? Don't move him. Please don't move him. Breathe a little bit. Breathe a little bit. You going to get your second win and you going to take off, but you got to touch his body a little bit. When you throw that hook, turn your toe on the hook. Every time you throw the hook, well, they're calling for the left hook from Williams. The body work by Adamus has been in the last several rounds has just been tremendous. And we saw that punch there get downstairs and he again he that's a great right hook. He he pronated that punch very well and working on the inside throwing combinations and there's that combination of a right hook to the body, right hook to the apert. And now he gives him a different look. Adamus turns righty for this around. This is round number eight. We are scheduled for 12 at 160 lbs. Carlos Sadamus has won four in a row, including three as a full-fledged middleweight. JRock Williams, he is in his second fight as a full-fledged 160 pounder. As we look at the records past round seven, Adamus 4 and one. Williams with a lot more experience. And again, we talked about Adamus with a habit at times of fading later in fights, but again, a guy that's really only had that hurt him against Patrick Tasher, his lone loss at 154. He was able in the in the Perchenko fight to to get back in the later part of the the fight. And you know, he is he admitted during the Terra fight, he wasn't as serious about boxing. Yeah. He wasn't disciplined. Yeah. He said, "I'm I'm better in the last few fights." He has been he's changed everything. He changed trainers, he changed promotion, all of it. So since Adamus has hooked up with Bob Santos, just a second fight, but uh we heard what Santos said. He called him the best fighter he's ever worked with in over 40 years. And you look at the scorecard from our unofficial score, Steve Farhood. He has Adam ahead by three. Yeah. And Williams has his moments, you know, letting uh punches going, landing, but again, it's every time Adam just comes in and just keeps walking Williams backwards. Well, this fight obviously changed radically in round four. And and from that point on, while Williams has had good moments, as Abner pointed out, he hasn't been able to sustain really so much over a full round. Under a minute left here in the eighth stanza. Williams gets ready to fire off the right. There's a nice right hand by Jayrock Williams. Left hook and Adamus though keeps coming forward again. Adamus has been down once but eating these shots from Williams. And this is only, as we point out, the second fight at middleweight for Williams. Although Adamus came up from 154 just like Williams. So that it's similar in that sense. He's just had more experience as we said as a middleweight. Williams looking to turn to Donis. Adam Thomas. And there's that right uppercut, right hook combination by Thomas. Donnie looking a little bit slower walking in. And that is why Williams was able to time him with that right hand. And Williams is having his best round since the third round. And yet a very competitive round eight. Yeah, you're right. Round seven, I mean Adam threw 71 punches. This round he's thrown 41. Much more competitive round. Yeah, very close round. [Applause] [Music] Hey, listen to me. A big body shot is doing some justice right now. You hear me? You all right? Yeah. Listen to me. Are you going to win the fight? Yeah. All right. Listen to me. You'll become a legend the night you pull this one out. Torque your right uppercut. Torque your right uppercut and bring the hook around to the liver. Do you hear what I'm telling you? This man is dead. You don't know. Well, you know, Abner talked about Adamus allowing Williams to take the play and and Williams is able to land the right hand. So, Adamus doesn't punch and he says, "Okay, I'll go after it and he lands a nice combination though." Adamus came back with good body work, but that was a round in which Junior Williams did some good work that emboldened Breadman Edwards in the corner. Yeah, Bredman Edwards saying he wants him to torque the right uppercut and he feels that Adamus well is beginning to tire. We saw the deceleration in his punch output compared to the previous round. But here we are, round number nine between Carlos Adamus. He is in the white with red and blue trim. And he is taking on Julian J. Rock Williams, a former unifying 154 lb champion looking to keep his career going at 160 lbs. And he won the last round according to our unofficial score, Steve Farhood. And you know, Julian Williams is a good combination puncher and he's showing us that in this round. Oh, he took a big one though. Yes. And he's holding on again. The the veteran Savio seems to be off balance here. And Adam is unloading now. Williams trying to roll with the punches, take the steam off. Doing a good job. But now clinching referee Mark Nelson calls for the break. Two minutes left in the ninth. Williams was rolling in this round until Adam stunned him and then he was rolling with some punches but did get stunned. You're right. Yeah. I mean that that stopped his momentum. Yeah. Williams is really good at doing that. He did it, you know, was it the foreground where where he almost got stopped those punches. He's avoiding these shots. Keep the punches up. Okay. Experience. You're hitting the belt too much. Let's go. Mark Nelson warning him about the the shots that are near or below the belt. And now Williams now looking to unload on Adam Thomas. And in this round, a straight right handed Williams has been put, but Adam coming back. Adam Thomas has Williams on the ropes. Pops off two right hands. Williams again bobbing and weaving. High guard. Takes a shot to the body. Double jab by Williams giving him room to escape to his left. But it's Adamus coming forward backing up Williams. Blood under the right eye of JRock. He gets hit with a right hand. Pops his head back. Clinches left hook right. It's all of Thomas. But again, Williams avoiding some of these punches. A lot of them, in fact. Yeah, he's been in some trouble, but he's he's managing to do just enough. Oh, but there's a lot of shots that are also landing. He's staying up. But it's only going to take long for Adamus to really uh hurt Williams. And Adamus smartly still concentrating on the body. Williams three knockdowns all came against Jerald Charlo here still standing. But the referee steps in and for the second consecutive fight, referee steals the headline. My goodness. My goodness. [Applause] Carlos Adamus remains unbeaten at middleweight. Picks up the 18th stoppage win of his career improves to 23. Steven Bradman Edwards apoplelectic as Julian Jrock Williams takes defeat for the fourth time. and Alstein the record is broken. hit him low a bunch of times and then step in and stuff. It's a movie we have seen. As we mentioned, Edwards is [Applause] living off piece of That's not Real life, real drama. And Red Man Edwards. I'm all right. I'm all right. You're a piece of He's a piece of They should have let him the go. Every time the aside do that over I respect every time. That's two of your guys. That's two of your guys. Two of them. Two of them. Two times. Two times. That aside and we'll deal with that. Carlos Adamus did after a good beginning to the round by Williams. Adamus changed things. You see Williams, look at how well he was landing. That right hand was what changed the whole round for Adam and he and and at that moment he had Williams hurt and then he kept up the pressure against him and definitely hurt him. There is no question that Julian Williams was hurt in that round and there's no question at this juncture that Williams is trying to survive. Now we're going to see the stoppage. The problem if you're going to criticize Mark Nelson is that Williams now when he turns away is going to be punching at Adam. And look at him. He he's getting pushed away by Mark Nelson while he's punching. That's the problem. And Williams had gone gotten off the rope and was defending himself. So, you know, you understand the controversy that could erupt from this. Could Adam have knocked him out still in that round? For sure. Could he have won? For sure. But nonetheless, class act. Julian Williams going to Adamus corner. Red man Edwards absolutely livid. And as Al mentioned, I mean, Carlos Adamus picks up the win. Y 23-1, 18 knockouts. And you know, it's not words of profoundity. You you'd rather see it stop one punch too soon, one punch too late. But let's make it official with Jimmy Lennon Jr. Ladies and gentlemen, we have the time of 2 minutes 45 seconds. In round number nine, a referee in charge, Mark Nelson, stops the contest. He is the winner by way of technical knockout. And still the interim WBC middleweight world champion, Carlos Bronco Adamez. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Let's go to Jim Gray. All right, Mororrow, thank you very much. Felix De Jesus will translate. Congratulations to you. Um, did you think the fight should be stopped? First of all, I want to thank God and definitely the my fans that came out here to uh be with me here and you know, give me my support and uh yes, I think the referee stopped it because he could have really got hurt. I spoke to Mark Nelson just before we started this interview, the referee, he said it was obvious he was being teed off on and I just jumped in to stop him. I had to save him from getting hurt. Uh, you concentrated on the body very well tonight. What made you decide that that would be so effective? Yeah. I'm not one of those boxers that think that the tree you start by the trunk hitting it there and then it'll fall by itself. How do you think he managed to survive that fourth round? know, but he's a fighter that's a veteran, you know, he knows skills, he has skills and all that and uh that's what got him through that round. All right, Carlos, let's take a look at the end of the fight and from your vantage point, please describe to us what you see. Yeah, that's when the referee stopped it when I came with those two rights. And if I would have hit him another one, it probably would have got really hurt. What would you like to do next? Thank you everybody. United State, thank you Jun. Thank all right Haymon. Thank you everybody. Thank you. Yeah, I'm a warrior now. I'm going to rest for a little bit and then I'm going to see what's next. Congratulations. All right, Julian. Hey, how you doing? I'm good. How you feeling? Good. Good. Obviously, you're punching at the end of the fight. Did you feel as though the fight should have been stopped? I think it was a terrible stoppage, but what can I do? I'm healthy. I feel fine. Alhamdulillah. I thought it was a terrible stoppage. thought that fight was pretty much even and I was taking over cuz he was getting tired, you know what I mean? But what can I do? Let's go back to that fourth round. That was a total onslaught. How did you manage to survive that? I mean, that was one of the most courageous displays that I've seen in quite a long time. I just stayed calm. Stayed calm. I knew he was uh going to try to finish me. I knew he was going to punch himself. That's exactly what he did. That's what I won the next couple of rounds after that. Julian, take a look at the monitor here. Right. Right there. And you can see where it stopped. You're punching at the time. Yeah. Why Why would he Why would he stop? Brock Nelson jumps in and stops it. Well, he said he thought it was obvious that you were being teed off on and was trying to prevent you from being hurt. I think that's BS. That's BS. I thought it was uh it was an even fight. Redmond, you had something to say as well. What did the referee say to you? He couldn't say nothing to me. I told him it was a typical aside stoppage. It was a good fight. He was hurt. I'm not saying he wasn't hurt, but a fight like this, a man not going down, they going back and forth. If he the killer that they say he is, let them finish him. He was tired, too. But it's always predictable. It's always the aside that get this same This kid right here, he might not even have no more fights. At least let the fight go. At least let it go. Was down one time in the fight. This dude supposed to be the most feared man in boxing. He never went down. Just let him finish him if he going to finish him. He just said you might not fight again. Is that accurate? Uh, no. I guess not. No, we don't know. We don't know. I just think all this aside the ASIA's decisions is obvious. It was a good fight. It was an even fight. I knew rematch. Whatever he want to do. Whatever they want to do. Of course I want to. Of course I want to rematch. It's not his fault. A real good fight. It's not his fault that the refer jumped in early. It just looked corny. It just looked It just looked bad. It was a great fight. I thought it was an even fight. I thought it was pretty much even. and he just jumps in and stop it cuz I got I got a little bit buzzed. It's boxing. Thank you, Julian. Appreciate it. All right, Marl. Back to you. All right, Jim. Thank you very much. Steven Breadman Edwards uh pleading his case for Yeah, and look, they they have their side of this. There's no question this man Carlos Adamos and I, you know, it it was a fairly close fight. Adamus had taken control of it, so you have to give him credit for what he did, but you understand their viewpoint. [Music] And we look at the numbers here and we see that an edge for Adamus and rightfully so. You know, landing 41%. The body punches were dramatic. I mean, Adamus did a fantastic job to the body of Julian Williams. I mean, he was one of the best displays of body punching we've seen in a while. And he did have an edge in this fight. There's no question. And he was the one that hurt Williams more often at this at that juncture at the time of the stoppage.