Kind: captions Language: en It is Mother's Day weekend and 109 years ago today, Lily Barrow gave birth to a son who would go on to become one of the greatest heavyweight boxers of all time, the Brown Bomber Joe Lewis. WE ANTICIPATE PLENTY OF bombs being thrown in the main event. And hey, the winner of our opening belt between Batir Akmedov and Kenneth Sims Jr., well, they will have their eyes on the victor of tonight's feature attraction. 29-year-old Kenneth Sims Jr. trained by his father and Karoma, a switch hitter from the windy city of Chicago, competing in his first scheduled 12 round fight. He's won six in a row, three by knockout, and he's facing his first southpaw since May of 2021 when he scored the biggest win of his career, knocking undefeated prospect at the time, Elvis Rodriguez from the ranks of the unbeaten via eight round majority decision. And hey, when you look at how Rodriguez has bounced back with three consecutive wins against strong opposition, that win looks more and more impressive for Mr. Sims. And a strong case can be made that Batrock Medov should be in tonight's main event, defending a 140 lb title. He is n and two with AKOs. Ladies and gentlemen, a very good evening to you and we welcome you to the Chelsea Inside the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas as Premier Boxing Champions presents a big night of action coming your way brought to you by TGB Promotions, Mayweather Promotions, and Showtime. time and we extend a special welcome to the brave men and women serving around the world. And joining us tonight on AFN, the American Forces Network. Well, fans, our opening attraction is sanctioned by the WBA, the president, Hilberta Jesus Mendoza. Supervisor is Robert Mack. Our three judges scoring from ringside, from Nevada, Tim Cheetum. Also from Nevada, Chris Miglori. And from New Jersey, Steve Weissfeld. Introducing our third man to the ring, the referee in charge of this bout, we have Harvey Dock. All right, fans. Here we go. 12 rounds of boxing scheduled in a WBA Super Lightweight World Title Eliminator. introducing to you first on my left, fighting out of the red corner, wearing silver trunks with black trim. Hailing from Chicago, Illinois, he weighed in at 139 and one quarter pounds. His record 19 wins, two losses, and one draw with seven wins coming by way of knockout. Here is the esteemed amateur standout and current world ranked super lightweight contender. Introducing Kenneth Bossman Sims Jr. and his opponent across the ring on my right fighting out of the blue corner wearing silver trunks with dark blue trim fighting out of India, California by way of Gulan Usbekiststan. He weighed in at 138 and 3/4 lb. His hard-hitting record stands at nine wins, two losses, with eight wins coming by way of knockout. Here is the twotime world title challenger and hardhitting current WBA number three ranked contender introducing Batir Ahov. Once again, referee in charge is Harvey Dock. Now to give instructions. Okay, boxers, you received your instructions earlier. As a reminder, obey my commands at all times. Protect yourself at all times. Touch him up. Good luck. [snorts] Referee Harvey Doc with 19 years of pro experience about to officiate his 309th professional fight. As we get set, begin our triple header here from the intimate confines of the Chelsea Theater at the Cosmopolitan in Las Vegas. Akmedov bringing the rugged pressure while Sims known as a stylish switch-hitting sharp shooter. And immediately as usual, you see Akmdov take command of the center of the ring. And we've seen him use that jab early trying to establish the rhythm and the pace out. Yeah. Uh Sims would like to control the distance in this fight. Akidov would like to get on the inside and that describes really the stylistic uh potential and the other important thing is Akmdov is a very slow starter. Sims is a quick starter. We'll see how that plays out. You want to keep an eye Abner as well on that lead foot battle the positioning of the lead foot with the Orthodox against the southpaw. And uh so farov doing a good job of keeping his lead foot to the outside. Although he gets caught with a right hand straight down the middle. Right hand known as a public enemy of the south bar. Yeah, right now really he's not mattering much for Sims because Sims is trying to fight in the distance. He's trying to counter Akov right now and obviously Akmedov's trying to get inside uh trying to land that left. Good counter left hook upstairs by Sims. Goes to the body with the jab. And that's something we're seeing from Sims as well. Al now while not known as a power puncher as he switches stances as he's known to do he has been working on sitting down on his punches. Yeah. Much more two knockouts in the last among his last three wins and uh he's not known for that but yeah he is doing it more. And in this round we see him standing right in the pocket with Hakme. Yeah. Past the midway point of what has been a fun start to this fight. Yeah. And even though it seems like Ameof is the one pressuring, he he's doing so, but at the same time he's standing right in front of Sims. So he's we got to see more volume from Met Sims taking advantage of those moments and letting his hands go. Sims the volume puncher here and as is the scouting report on Akmedov known for the slow starts and and early knockdowns Al, but once he gets that engine running, he is off to the races. Yeah, exactly. He's been knocked down a couple of times early in fights. Uh but by when he hits round four, five, six, he goes and uh Sims, we'll get into this later as this fight goes on, but Sims has never been the distance of this fight. So, we're going to have to see how that plays out. Sharp jab to the body by Akmed followed by the sweeping left hook. There's a exchange of left hooks to the body. Good stuff here in the first two and a half minutes as we anticipated between Batir Akmedov and Kenneth Sims Jr. Yeah, both fighters having their moments. Both fighters doing exactly what they they need to do. Sims fighting the distance. Great uh power from Sims and Akmedov. I mean, he's trying to get in, trying to look for that right shot. Beautiful sequence there where Amed landed the left uppercut immediately countered by the right hook of Kenneth Sims. So, nice start to this one. time. We will look at what these men need to do in this fight. Uh Akamedov wants to jab his way inside. He did use a jab, but he wasn't able to get on the inside yet. Don't square up. Sometimes he squares himself. He will be open for the right hand when Sims is a righty. The left hand is a big power punch for him. who's ever landed a lot against Puo in his last match and we'll see that tonight. As for Kenneth Sims, uh he wants to control the space in that ring and he did that pretty well in round one. Cannot be caught on the ropes. Akidov will eat him up. And I thought he was going to land the right hand as a righty, but he switched to lefty so quick. It's the straight left that he's landing. Didn't he check out my keys before he decided to [laughter] do that? Is he allowed to do that? Well, and round number two. And Sims, well, he definitely was a volume puncher in that first round. Coming into this fight, over his last four fights, had been averaging 53 punches a round. He threw 61 in that first three minutes, landed 20, while Akmedov was 13 of 41. Yeah. And it's right in keeping with what we anticipate in this fight. You know, Sims often gets off to good start not so much. So, we're going to see how it plays out. And Sims taking advantage of that aggression from Akmedov because Ametov is coming straight in forward and he's getting hit with that straight right hand from Sims. Ame from Usbekistan, but represented Turkey at the 2016 Olympic Game. Started the sport at 18, had a 100 amateur fights on the fast track after turning pro at the relatively advanced age of 26. And again, we mentioned he's already campaigned for vacant 140 lb titles as he eats a nice quick combination through the guard by Sims. But again, as we mentioned, Alice, strong case can be made that Batira Medov should be a 140 lb belt holder and undefeated. Yeah, the two uh scorecards 11711 for Alberto Puo were the worst decisions I've seen since the Kennedy Center honors has decided to never honor Liza Minnelli. That's how bad that decision is. [laughter] Okay. And that's pretty bad. That's egregious. That's egregious. That's how I know something's bad. Coming up on the midpoint of another terrific round as Akmedov and Sims came to exchange, came to engage. Standing right in front of each other throwing combinations. Sims seems to be getting the better of the exchanges and delivering more crisper, quicker combos. Yeah, even though Ametov moments, you know, he he gets good shots. It's since uh distance shots, great placement of punches uh that is doing all the work in this second round. Sims has been very effective as a counter puncher. Yeah, he really has. And you know, Ameof is starting to get his rhythm a little bit, landing some hooks on the inside and whatever. And this is going to be a really compelling, stylistic fight, and it has been thus far. I love the way that uh Sims was able to evacuate from the ropes there with that nice pivot and reset and now fighting as a softball establishing his stick in the center of the ring. And he's really good when he turns softball. There's fighters that turn softball and he's just like you just to get the fighter, you know, uh give him a different look, but this guy really is fighting well in the softball stance. And Kenneth Sims again pumping up the volume for the second consecutive round. Has thrown 61 punches. has just passed that the right hook who made though starting to find its range and that's something Sims doesn't want to see ame more the puncher eight of his nine wins via a knockout as he was looking for the Ko there and there's a sharp LEFT TO THE BELLY OF SIMS happy mother's day let's hope for the mother of all action fights in that main event tonight with Romero and Ismael Bar Roa hey we've got the makings of a good one here through six minutes. Plenty of good things coming from both Batir Akmed off and Kenneth Sims Jr. as we begin round three scheduled for 12 at 140 lbs. You know, both men are really good body punches and we've seen evidence of that. Sims uh, you know, has scored knockdowns with body shots. Akidov, we we pointed out, you pointed out, he beat Barroso, knocked him out with a body shot. So, you know, they they can bang downstairs. And he overcame a knockdown to beat Barroso. And again, he was dropped twice by Mario Barios, but again, the case could be made that he should have uh emerged victorious in that fight and was coming off that debatable split decision against Alberto Poo. But Amed has himself a fight tonight after against Kenneth Stim Jr. Yeah, he he's looking like he's really warmed up already in this third round, Akmedov. He's he's getting in a lot easier. The head movement movement is there. And in the second round, I don't know if you guys noticed towards the end, he landed a beautiful overhand left. Uh that really caught uh Sims attention. Speaking of body work, Al Bernstein, a big advantage for Amedov early. Yeah, you would expect Akidov to to to win that category. And now the what's changed here now, and this is still good work being done by Sims, but what's changed is I mentioned the geography of the fight. Amed's able to get inside a little bit easier now. And Ameda definitely picking up the pace, amping up his own volume, putting together sustained punches. Stairs though goes to the body, misses with THE HOOK. SHARP JAB BY AMED. Highlevel boxing and action-packed affair here to begin our triple headers. WE SHOWCASE the 140 lb division. As hard-hitting as 140 proof alcohol, Albert, exactly. I rest my case. Here's two really good 140 pounders. There's a bunch of them in the division. They know how to fight and it's a very competitive match. Nice jab again as Ameda begins to score with the jab, putting on that smart pressure after and that's exactly what he needs to do. He's he needs to outwork Sin in every single round because Sin is always going to be there. He's going to try to let his hands go, but if you throw more than that, you're going to keep him busy. The numbers very competitive here as we come up on the final 35 seconds of the third frame. Sims along the ropes and Amedov able to go to the body but a quick counter again. An effective counter upstairs by Sims. You can't give him time to counter like that. And that happens when Akmed throws only one or two shots. He's got to be more volume, more punches. And they digging away to the body as Akmed off as again. Sims goes head hunting, resets at distance. Nice combination to the head by Sims, but then Amedov lands a right hook and just misses with a left hook. Terrific stuff through three. Well, concern about a clash of heads here which didn't appear to cause thankfully a cut as Sims Akmeidov coming in and they will clang heads there and luckily as we said it didn't cause a uh cl a cut. But here they are banging away in the inside. Sims counter punching and Akidov there's the right hook that be was such a weapon. When Akmedov jabs his way in, he's effective. But then Sims showing his counter punching ability. Yeah, the hand down right there from Ameto and the opportunity was right for Sims. Wake up. Hey, let's go. He's tired. DON'T GIVE HIM TIME. Vocal instructions from trainer Joel Diaz, who has been Akimemedov's trainer since his second pro fight. They had an 8week camp at Diaz training camp in India, California. Meanwhile, as we mentioned, Sims trained by his father and Koma as he's engaging in his first scheduled 12round fight. If there's a surprise in this fight, it is that Kenneth Sims has fought so much as a lefty. He is good at switching, but he's fought a lot as a lefty and doing pretty well here. able to stave off this offense of Akmedov by throwing punches, but Akmedov putting on the pressure, THROWING PUNCHES TO THE BODY, BUT SIMS continues to respond, but got clipped upstairs and the jab becoming more and more effective for Akmedov. Yeah, if you're if you're a Sims, you know that Akmedov is going to continue to come every single round just like he is. Pressure, but you got to make those punches count. And that's exactly what Sims is doing. He's boxing beautifully, uh, pickshotting his shots really good and moving, not staying on the ropes. That is key. Good stance by Sims. Throws a right hand over the top. Ameto goes to the body. So does Sims. If you were going to des have a definition of Kenneth Sims. It is very the word boxer puncher in the dictionary has his picture next to it. Yeah. Because that's exactly who he is when he's at his best. And boy, Akmedov accelerated the engine beginning in round three and continues to come on strong here in round four. But Sims able to hang with him and throw punch for punch. Yeah. Fighting off his back foot. Mhm. He has to be careful. He's getting counter easily right now because his hands are down every time he throws a punch. Boxing on the inside. They exchange jabs as Sims remains a southpaw up high. Peekab-boo guard digging away to the body then lands the left hand upstairs. So use that as a nice decoy. Doesn't jab to the body. Sims, you know, Sims normally lands six jabs per round. HE'S LANDING ALMOST exactly at that level. A little bit higher than that so far in this uh fight. Ame using the jab as a setup punch Abner and did it well there as now the jab from Sims comes back. But Ameto continue to make that allimportant investment to the body. Yes. And I'm liking the fact that he's staying in there. He's not taking the step back and giving Sims the reach uh the advantage there. Amet is it's all him in the inside and he's got to take advantage and he is. So there's a good pivot by Sims to get away from the ropes trying to keep Akmed at bay with his lead hand. But Ameto comes in with a lead left. Then Sims counters him and Amedov shoe shining the body. Goes to the body again, but he's getting countered upstairs. And he's been susceptible to the counter. Great overhand left. And another one by Amedov. THE FANTASTIC FOURS IN THE BOOKS. Sharp on the D. Sharp on the D. Deep breaths. Now check this out. I got a secret. Catch him with the first hook. Okay. He's not prepared for a second hook. Give him a second hook. You got it. Aid of getting Sims pinned against the ropes. Now, this isn't really where Sims wants to be. However, Kenneth Sims has also done good countering off the ropes. So good body work by Maidoff and Sims looking for the counter. The fascinating and there is that beautiful right. The fascinating thing about this fight is each man is accomplishing some of what they want to do. He's coming one. Bang bang. Yeah. Start touching the shoulders. Fight your fight, not his fight. A spirited start. The first third of this schedule 12 rounder at 140 pounds has elapsed. We now into the fifth round and Akmed again bringing that rugged pressure. And you know what? He's made that concerted effort to raise his early work rate in this fight. Yeah, he definitely does and has. And and and I'm noticing that he is having trouble when Sims turns softball. I mean it's just a lot more difficult for him to land that overhand left being the soft but simp his most recent fight against Puyo before that his most recent lefty was the Barroso fight back in 2018. So when you bring up that point Abner explain a little more why. Well, it's just that, you know, when you fight a software, and yes, of course, he fought the more recent sophomore in this last fight, but you know, when Sims, he switches so often and he's so good at it with especially with the jab, you know, the left is not there, especially on the stance being that Sims switched to softball. Oh, good counter right hand upstairs, a right hook by Sims, but it does not deter Amedov. And remember, this is the part of the fight where normally Amel starts to come on and he's doing just that. Overhand left scored against the ropes before Sims able to escape. We've reached the midpoint of the fifth round as we take a look at the show stats when it comes to head shots landed. This will not shock anyone. Sims with an edge in the number of punches landed to the head. But when you go to the body, here's Akida landing a lot more of those. This is also the conundrum for Akdo. Let's face it, he's lost two really tough decisions that he thought he might have gotten. Are judges accepting those body punches and counting them? Sweeping counter right hook by Sims. Double jab and sticks the jab through the guard of Amedov who continues to take small steps forward coring Sims in the corner. it again. Abner Sims using that counter right hand to allow himself to escape. Yeah, I mean Sims, he does that. He moves really well. Counters beautifully. One shot, but I like the aggression right now of Ameto. Even though Yeah, Sims, the punches are a lot cleaner, a lot uh crispier, but Amet is the fit round. He's going to continue to do that. And the investment on the body is just brilliant. [cheering] And that really was the scouting report. We've talked about it, Al, as well that we thought Sims may have the better overall boxing skills, but doesn't really have the power to keep Akmed up at bay. We'll have to wait and see. And he's landing good shots. You know, Amidov is just a hard man to deter. Amidov keeps jabbing his way in in this round, which is important. This has been a competitive and beautifully fought round by both men. I would say that goes for the entire fight thus far. We've got five on it. Let's go to Jim Greg. Best of luck. We'll talk to you afterwards. Thank you. All right, Marl. Back out to you. All right. Thanks a lot. Round six underway scheduled for 12 in the 140 lb division. Batir Akmedov with a record of 9 and two, eight knockouts against Kenneth Boss Sims Jr. 29. He is 192 and one with seven KOs. But they've been going toe-to-toe and the action continues to heat up. Yeah, we talked about Sims how he's sitting down on his punches now and he has been doing it so brilliant, so good. He just clipped Sims with that left hand off of upstairs. Yeah, I mean Sims is going to continue to come. That's the type of fighter he is. But but Sims, I mean, the counter punching that he's doing, but here comes the investment in the body for a meta. And here's the thing, here's the thing about this. You know, he seems never been past a rounds. Let's take a look at this fight. I mean, that was a great round, the last round. Akidov has made a great investment in the body. How will Sims react as he goes to rounds he's never seen before from that body work? We're going to find out. And I think it's showing already. Look at Sims has there. Yeah, he hasn't moved from there in a while. He's taking some shots. Again, Sims throwing a lot more per round than we've seen out of him lately as well. Good point, Mara. Is he and is he going to be able to sustain that? Yeah, but in the previous rounds he was at least moving around the ring giving Akmed a little bit more, you know, trouble with that. But now he's standing he's sitting on the pocket. Harvey Doc admonishing Sims just warning him to keep the punches above the belt line. Say morning we'll go for the uh the fight coming up, my man. And to speak to Maro's point, only 32 punches thrown this round for Sims to 59 for Ako. Sims has still done good work, but he's his volume going down a little bit. Yeah, Abner, you mentioned it last minute of the sixth and Kenneth Sims Jr. beginning to show a little less in terms of the steam that he had on his punches and his movement, BUT THERE'S NO QUIT IN HIM AS he throws a three-punch combination back to selfpop, but gets caught upstairs with a one two from the selfp. Yeah, it's noticeable that he's standing. He's staying in the pocket. Sims. I want to see that double triple jab from Sims. That was working from him. Good counter right hook by Sims. You know, Amadeov has abandoned his jab a little bit in this round. Even though he's doing great, it the jab would be the missing piece for him as he works his way in. Yeah. And if you're a Sims, you want to take advantage of that and and throw your own jab. And by far the busiest round of the fight for Batir Akmed, who's thrown over 80 PUNCHES. This fight is great. I love this fight. I [cheering] really do. As advertised, Hall of Fame analyst Al Bernstein said there was something super about the super lightweight division. Hey, we're getting it here tonight. Deep breath. Okay, look. Deep breath. Don't worry about going to power. on your touches. That's all you got to do. Akidov threw almost a hundred punches in that last round and many of them downstairs as he continued to work there. Not everything landing. There's Sims landing the uppercut. He told us that was a punch he hoped he could land more on the inside. And Sims a good body puncher and he's showing us elements of that, but the pressure of Akmadev in that last round there. He did jab his way in. And what did that produce? A straight left hand that landed to the head of Sims. So, and and what did I talk about the uppercut of Sims? He got one in. So, so many things that play in this fight. Well, Kenneth Sims Junior got Akmeda both a family men. In fact, Kenneth Sims Jr. already a lot to celebrate this year as his fianceé Jaylen welcomed their second child, son named Kenneth Sims III in February. So looking to build upon that extra motivation to record the biggest win of his career as we bring in our unofficial scorer, Steve Harut. And Steve, uh, TOUGH TOUGH JOB OR NOT AFTER SIX cintillating rounds. Well, Mo, I don't think it's been a tough fight to score, but it's a tough it's tough to separate the two of them. I have a dead even at this point. Sims got off to a good start, but boy, the distance between the two has shrunk. Akmed off is now fighting his fight. I gave him the last round after a couple of close rounds. I have his 5757 at the halfway mark. Close encounter, the 140 lb kind. Just over two minutes remaining in the seventh where they continue to put the pedal to the metal and it's Amedov with all the pressure. Sims trying to stand and go. Nice counter. Beautiful combination on the inside by Sims. Just not a lot of steam on those punches, but they scored. Yeah, you know, I just think both men are doing SUCH A GOOD JOB IN THIS FIGHT'S PRESSURE, I think, is starting to pay off in this fight. Uh but man, Sims just keeps counter punching and Abner of course at Medov's constant pressure and attack looking to wear down Kenneth Sims. We talked about that early investment to the body and now just the the fact that he's pumping up the volume and continues to bring that rugged pressure. Yeah, what's working for Amet is definitely the outworking sense right now. How do you how do you get the counter puncher to stop counter punching? Well, throwing a lot more punches. You don't know what to counter if you're throwing too much. And that's exactly what Akmedov is doing. And of course, of course, the body investment from Akmedov and he's constantly on you. Beautiful double jab going downstairs and then upstairs to the face. And again, sticking the jab to Sims. So, it's the return of the jab for Atov who has a high ring IQ and Olympian Al who who's got great punch uh placement and definitely has great defense as well at times. Yeah. Yeah. because he's an attacker, he's had to work on defense, even though he can be countered. And both these men with great amateur careers and there is that counter. And you're right, he can be susceptible to the counter, but when he's winning that foot battle, that's when he's able to go to the blind side. But Sims is fighting a decent fight here from OFF THE ROPES. ALTHOUGH NOT AN area you want to be against a guy like, you would think. Yeah, seems a really smart fighter. really picking his shots and and really becoming exactly that just a counter puncher. He said, "I'm not going to sit here and trade punches with with Mcmet. You're never going to beat him. You got to choose your punches wisely." And he's looking for that counter punch to end the fight as we have come to the end of round number seven. Some lateral motion now from Sims. Still getting hit by Amedov at the bell. What do you have to do to discourage Deep breath. Hey, breathe. Breathe. Hey, how do you feel? Good. Okay, good. Okay, but here don't give up distance. only you got to join that when he's in the ropes. Great advice by Joel Diaz and this is Akmadeov early on and that the counter that Diaz was talking about. They didn't land perfectly but they got in but the pressure of Akmdov and that overhand left. Then later on in the round again they would clash heads and that's happened a few times. Sims was able to counter effectively with the a half jab, half hook. And there have been moments and that's why Diaz told him, "Stay low. You're getting countered from time to time." But that was a good round for Akmed Off. I thought this is round number eight scheduled for 12 in the 140 lb division. Amed continues to come forward and yes he continues to get occasionally clipped by the counterattack of Sims. But I like the jab from Sims right there. You want to push him with that jab, get create that distance exactly like that and wait me to come in and throw that right hand. Sims normally lands as we see how this fight is going in terms of the e and flow according to Steve Farhood. Sims normally lands 41% of his power punches. everything other than the jab. He's landing at 45% tonight. So, and that's because of those great counter punches. Body shot by Amedov. Sims back to Southpaw digging away with a right hook to the body. Amed continues to throw punches and nice one two from the southpaw stance by Kenneth Sims Jr. Important part of the discussion. Now, Kenneth Sims, even though he's a 9-year pro, has never been past eight rounds. Uh, you know, Yeah. First time scheduled for 12 tonight. Yes. And so, yes, that's the record after eight. But, but but we're going to revisit this when we get past the eighth round. And you're going to see that there's going to be nothing for Kenneth Sims. Four punch combination by Sims, including an uppercut. But, Amed continues to be right in front of him. And yet again, Akmed gets countered. Abner, he's standing right in front of Simpsons and Sims being really smart about it and choosing his punches really well, jabbing, putting that jab in front of his face. He comes in right hand or uppercut. And again, Sims known more as the boxer. Just seven knockouts in his 19 wins. And now mid-range looking to pick off Akmedov, the southpaw who continues to march forward. Final minute of the eighth round. And it's not that Akmed is not giving the same pressure that he has been. Yes, he [cheering] is. But it seems that he's creating the the reach, the angles, and that that's working really beautiful for him. Seems that those sneaky left hands by when they get in, they're excellent. Yes, James has never been down as a pro. Look at this great withering ATTACK OF BAKIR AKMEDOV. Overhand left lands for Akmedov. The jab again stuck from the southpaw. Sims land a right hook. Digging left uppercut to the body by Sims. Short left over THE TOP BY AMEDOV. Great exchange in WHAT HAS BEEN A FANTASTIC FIGHT HERE AS WE CLOSE IN. Coming up, round number nine after a great eight in Las Vegas, Mother's Day weekend. And Kenneth Sims, mother, NORMA, AS EXCITED AS anyone in attendance, here to support her son. Of course, his dad is his trainer and chief second. Grab him. Hold him. Stop trying to keep your hands down. All that. Okay. Come on, man. Grab him. Hold him. Walk him back to the center. Don't try to be Superman right now. Be smart. You You sitting there. You let body know. Get back. When Kenneth Simpson is on the ropes, it's not that he hasn't done good work, but it gives Akmdov chances to do this throwing good combinations. The right hook, the straight left. That's Yes, Sims is mixing in a few counter punches, but the sheer volume of Akmade when he gets him in that posture could easily be swaying the judges. Let's go. LET'S GO HERE. ADRIAN KNIGHT, LET'S GO. Joel Diaz wanting Akmed up to cover up and deflect and block those counter strikes by Kenneth Sims Jr. Hard to do when you're a buzzsaw like Amedov in terms of pressure and volume. And there's a nice left hook to the body by Sims. Back to Fighting Orthodox, although he gets clipped with two overhand lefts from Ameda. Now Kenneth Sims is in a round he's never seen before. He said he sparred 12 rounds regularly, fourminute rounds when he was sparring so that he'd be ready for this moment. He says he is he's taken his strength and conditioning and nutrition more seriously in recent years and he believes it will pay off for him. But it's the attack of Akmed that is paying off here in round number nine. And Sims TOLD US WHEN I SAY I'M READY FOR WHATEVER, I mean it. No matter what I have to do, if boxing isn't working, I can fight. I'm not scared of a fight. Well, these numbers will demonstrate the excellence of this fight. You know, not throw more than 1,000 punches. Both men have landed at a very good 36%. It's a good percentage for your overall percentage. Really impressive. How about that fantastic four punch combination moments ago after by Sims? No. And even though Sims started really fast in this round against the constant pressure from Ameto, you know, you just can't stop this guy. It's the kind of fight Al WHEN YOU WANT TO EXTOL THE VIRTUES OF ONE FIGHTER, THE OTHER FIGHTER STARTS TAKING it to that guy and ruining the moment for him. That is so true, Marl. That very true. You know, Kenneet Sims, listen, his dad, we know, trained him in the Park District system in Chicago where I box, by the way, and and many, many good fighters have come out of that system. And his dad has done a great job making him a great ring technician along with Koma. We continue to see the evolution and improvements of Kenneth Sims Jr. who remember a couple years back went through that one and two and one uh string on Showbox and those two defeats, momentary setbacks, and coming back here and now tonight looking to record the biggest win of his career against uh well a guy who's been snake bit in a variety of ways and but Medov and what he's been able to accomplish and maybe deserves better. Yeah. Yeah. 100%. You know, there was a nice right hook a moment ago by Akidov. I thought maybe momentarily it would stun Sims. It didn't. Either way, either side, if Sim throws a combination, it does not discourage Akov whatsoever. And and the other side as well. And what about the pace? Yeah. Yeah. And what I'm liking about Akmedov is that when he invests to the body, he he gets the attention of Sims and then he he changes to the head and and that's a beautiful shot that he's got over overhand left. Oh, somebody hurt him. Sims heard him with the left hand. Spin heard him with THE LEFT. REMEMBER, AMEDOV'S BEEN DOWN THREE TIMES IN HIS CAREER. TWICE AGAINST BARIOS, ONCE AGAINST BOLOV, AND NOW SIMS WITH HIS BEST EFFORT OF THE FIGHT HERE IN the night. [applause] Sit down. Hey, he wants to counter you. YOU GOT TO BE SMART. I TOLD YOU. LET'S GO. OKAY. [music] You okay? How you doing? You're good. Okay. Kenneth Sims defense in a very close round changed things with that left hand that pushed Amea back and the second one and then he he realized he had him in trouble and close out the round very very strongly. And another look at it. that happen. We'll see that straight from the lefty stance. That was a beautiful left as a softball sims. I mean, we talked about how well he fights in that stance and he's got power in that hand also. Batir Bir Akmed Kenneth Sims Jr. delivering a terrific tilt here thus far and getting round number 10 started in explosive fashion in the center of the ring. And now it's Sims, the aggressor. And you know what, for the first time he ever saw the ninth round, Kenneth Sims did pretty good in that round, didn't he? And off to a good start here in the 10th. Yeah, sparring those four-minute rounds definitely paying off for Sims. And you can tell this is this is where, you know, the true heart of a champion is showing. We saw how he closed that round and how he's starting this round. And Sims up by a point on our unofficial score, Steve Farhood scorecard. Nice right to the body by Sims looking for that left hook. Amet standing right in front of him square and open to those counter punches to the body and upstairs BY SIMS. Kenneth Sims is the poster kid for what I said about the 140 lb division because a guy with a couple losses who had resurrected his career with that win over Rodriguez. It it is fighting extremely well against a very good fighter who's twice challenged for the title and maybe could have won it. I mean, this is what this division is all about. You know what, Sims? Inspired by one of his sparring partners, Oshaki Foster, who upset Ray Vargas for a 122lb title earlier this year. BOTH OF THEM 29. BOTH OF THEM LOST TO THE SAME TWO GUYS AND Tana Rolando Chana. SO, SIMS WITH THE FIGHT of his life. Now, some swelling around the right eye of uh Sims. And it looks to me like it's maybe just closing a little bit. And yet, he's pumping UP THE VOLUME, PUNCTUATING THE COMBINATIONS WITH THE STRAIGHT RIGHT DOWN THE MIDDLE. And now it's Sims pushing Aktos back and taking advantage of this momentum right now. This moment really picking his shots really well. That's really finesse. Really beautiful work from Sims. since trying to steal the soul of Akmedov with what went down in the ninth and has really turned it around here in terms of output AND CONNECT PERCENTAGE. HE HAS AKMEDOV ON HIS BACK FOOT and in trouble a bit. Yeah, Sims has NEVER BEEN DOWN AS A PRO, TOO. SO, UH, if Akmedov's going to turn things around here, he's going to have to stun him probably with something. Adjustments Akmedov needs to make, Abner quickly. Well, obviously, well, not adjustment really, just go back to being the pressure fighter. But it's hard obviously against a really smart S picking his shots really well. I mean, just the way he looks down, bends down, and just go for that goes for that body shot, it tells you he's a smart fighter. Sims describes himself as a thinking boxer. He's exhibiting a cerebral quality in this fight. Mixing it up, going orthodox to southpaw and having some great moments in uncharted territory. Deep breath. Going into this fight, you would have not expected as we look back at the last round for us to be at this point in the fight with Kenneth Sims really controlling the action. But even as Zach made up does good work in the inside as a lefty, the right hook of Sims lands perfectly. We talked about Sims wanting to try the uppercut. He tries it and gets the right uppercut in. So Kenneth Sims in a round where you wouldn't expect him to dominate does good. See you hurting him now. You ain't never seen the bag up. Let's go. As we begin round number 11, Kenneth Sims takes center of the ring and goes southpaw with a one-two combination. And it's Sims bringing the fight to Akmedov with Akmedov again continues to stand in the pocket, but not having the success he did earlier in the fight. IT'S BEEN THIS WAY SINCE ROUND NINE, ABNER. YEAH. How can you not get motivated if you're Sims? I mean, you're putting pushing, pressuring Ameto, the bully, the guy that is constantly going forward in that last round, but there's definitely no giving up about Ameto. No, he's he's landed a couple of really good right hooks in this round. And remember, Ameto going the 12 round distance has not been good TO HIM AGAINST THE LIKES of Mario Barios and Alberto Puyo. Yeah, losing two decisions. And you know, Sims, in the understatement of the decade, said to us, "I'm working on setting down on my punches more." Yeah, I think he's done that. And and he's doing it HERE IN THE LATER STAGES OF THE FIGHT WITH REALLY WHAT MIGHT BE ONE EYE, THAT RIGHT EYE IS SWELLING SHUT. YEP. And that's part of the reason why the left hand, you know, is is getting in a little bit too more for a very And remember, how did those early rounds go? So we don't know and and Akmed off having a pretty decent. Yes, he is putting together combinations going back to the body. Vintage Akmed off with a minute and a half left IN THE 11TH. NOW IT'S AKMED OFF BACKING SIMS TO THE ROPE, BUT THEN SIMS SITS DOWN, LANDS A RIGHT HOOK TO THE BODY. RIGHT UPPERCUT, LEFT HAND BY AMETO. I MEAN, WHAT MORE DO YOU WANT OUT OF A PROFESSIONAL PRIZE FIGHT? Both fighters doing exactly what they need to do. Sim sitting down on his punches being smart wise with him one two and a man up the volume constantly on you and body snatching. This is a round though that I made off needed badly and my guess would be he at this point he's ahead but that doesn't mean he's going to stay ahead for the rest of this round. Final minute of the penultimate round. Amed had Sims on his back foot. Sims coming back but getting hit on the head now with those sweeping punches upstairs from the southpaw Ameto. So a good bounce back round FOR BATIR AKA BUT SAM still has those mighty counter punches in his arsenal out there. Yeah, I mean just when you see Ameto getting the best of Sims Sims going back to being the smart fighter, waiting for those openings and and getting you with the straight right hand. Beautiful work from S. Highle technique, the eb and flow is proving to be quite the show HERE IN LAS VEGAS. AL, AS WE KICK OFF this 140 lb triple head has landed the corner of the show. That's 46 punches this round. The highest he has in this fight and he's thrown 104. Wow. Last round. We going to touch up. Last round. Akamedov in this round throwing lots of punches as we pointed out 111 in this round and this is part of that landing the right hook. Sims though continues to counter and there's the beautiful straight right hand as Akidov he tries to attack again. A big comeback round for Akmov. You good? Let's go. STAY LOW. STAY IN HIS CHEST. TELL HIM TO STAY LOW. OKAY. Always moving yourself. That's all it is. Finish it, baby. All you got to do is finish. As we head to the 12th and final round, they're combined 541 landed punches. 274 for Medov, 267 for Sims are the most landed in a FIGHT THROUGH JUST 11 rounds so far in 2023. That's an impressive stat. And the body work now made off just phenomenal. It has been a banner year for the sport. Many candidates already for FIGHT OF THE YEAR. This is one of them. AND BAJIRAAK MEDOV, KENNETH SIMS JR. throwing their proverbial hats in the boxing ring. And hats off to both of them for what they've been able to showcase here. And with over two minutes left, THIS COULD VERY WELL STILL BE UP FOR GRABS. AKIDOV LANDING GOOD POWER PUNCHES in this round and continually strafing the body of Kenneth Sims. And again, we remind you Sims has never been 12, though he did perform well in the in the ninth and tth rounds. I mean, the big question mark in this fight is what are the judges liking? The constant pressure, the volume from Mcmetel or the precise timing counter punching from Sims. Beautiful work from both sides. I mean, it's it's really really interesting and close fight. A minute and a half remaining in this sensational scrap and it's been a scrap. But it's been a high level scrap very much so. You can feel both men slowing a bit. Sims more so that lightning combin. And again, IT SPEAKS TO WHAT WE SAID EARLIER. It's it's incredible how competitive, how hard-hitting, how much fortitude, courage, and the price you pay. Both Akmed and Sims willing to pay that price tonight. And they're they're letting you know with them hands how they're letting him go. Those hands both having their moments. Sims letting off beautiful combinations then and then his metal up. A really really close round. Really interesting. And this is how the fight was the entire FINAL 30 SECONDS AND IT MIGHT AS WELL BE THE FIRST 30 AS AKMEDOV AND SAMS CONTINUE TO CHUCK LEATHER. BOTH OF THEM HAVING THEIR MOMENTS. AND AS ABNER SAID, THE SUSTAINED PRESSURE, THE BODY ATTACK OF AGNOV OR THE TIMING, THE BOXING and the crisp counterattacks of Kenneth Sims Jr. while we ask for the mother of ALL FIGHTS IN THE MAIN EVENT, we're getting THE MOTHER OF ALL SCRAPS TO KICK THINGS OFF. AKMED AND SIMS take a bow. [applause] [music] to think he did it with that. Yeah, both fighters. Ato, his eye was a little little injured there a little swollen. Not as bad as Sims, but I mean just what a fight. You saw people, the fans got up and clapped. I mean, beautiful work from both sides. The last four rounds, the right eye of Sims was starting to close. And for Akidov, uh been there, done that. Here he is standing again waiting for a decision. Now, these numbers are pretty impressive. I mentioned Sims normally lands 41% of his power punches, everything other than the jab. He was at 46%. The body punches landed by a very impressive 132. When you get into that area, you are doing the job. A busier Okdov. Okay. Does that And he landed more punches according to show staff though. It's where were those spaced round by round. We'll see. Only thing missing were knockdowns. As good as it gets. Plenty of drama here in Las Vegas. We will get the announcement in just a moment, but right now, here's a quick look at the latest Showtime sports documentary [music] coming in June. My career wasn't perfect, but you have to understand what I've been through. All of it made me into the man that I am today. He's one of the great champions from the history of boxing. I'm going to do things my [music] way. I wanted to have a body of work, not just in the ring, but as a man. Only thing you ain't done in boxing is lose. [cheering] And Brian Kuster will have more on Andre Ward and the documentary coming up later on in this broadcast. But right now, we are ready. Let's go to the center of the ring. Here's Jimmy Lennon Jr. Ladies and gentlemen, after 12 rounds of action, we have a majority decision. Here are the score totals. Judge at ringside, Steve Weissfeld scores about 114 114, even a draw. Overruled by judges Chris Migliori scoring the bout 115 to 113 and Tim Cheetum seeing it at 116 to 112 in favor of the winner of this WBA super lightweight world title eliminator Kenneth Bossman Sins [screaming] JUNIOR [cheering] Born in Chicago and only child, his dad has BEEN WITH HIM EVERY STEP OF THE WAY. And tonight, Kenneth Sims Jr. does it again. He knocked Elvis Rodriguez from the ranks of the undefeated by majority decision. And now he edges Batir Akmed off who again unable to curry favor with the judges despite giving it all he's got. BUT WHAT A FIGHT. LET'S GO TO JIM GRAY. All right, Mororrow. Thank you very much, Kenneth. Congratulations. How would you describe this fight? It was tough like I expected. Uh this what I've been waiting on for years to prove I'm one of the best. I like I said whole lead up to the fight I thought he won that that title his last fight. So I thought he should be world champion. So this just show I'm ready for whatever. I'm ready to be world champion. Can you describe the emotion that you're feeling when you went down to the mat there with the decision? Yeah. Uh about two maybe three years ago. I I ain't supposed to be I'm not supposed to be here right now, you know. Yes, you are. I ain't supposed to be right now. That's what they say. That's what they say. They say I ain't supposed to be right now. Ain't nobody think I was going to be right here. I know I'm going to be right I'm supposed to be right here and I know that I'm the best. So I'm 40. It's whatever with anybody. This is the most punches landed by two combatants in the sport of boxing in 2023. What about your opponent here and just the constant pressure that he was able to apply and you able to counter it and continue to get your onslaught in as well? That's what I expected. Uh that's what I expected from him. But I'm a savage. I'm a dog. I got that dog in me. Like I That's what I was saying this whole time leading up. They thought I was just going to move and box, but I got that dog in me. So I told him I was going to show them and I showed them. How was your eye and was it bothering you and unable to see? I mean, it was bothering me. I don't care though. Like I said, I'm a savage. I don't care. Indeed you are. What would you like to do next with this? Or is it too soon to to evaluate that? It ain't too soon. It ain't too soon. It's easy. I want the winner of the main event. I want that title. That's it. Whoever win that main event, that's what I want. Thank you very much. Congratulations. Terrific event, Ken. Thank you. All right. Thank you. Appreciate you. Your thoughts on the decision and Alec Alec Farov will interpret for us. Yeah, saying I'm honestly I have to rewatch the fight, but I felt like I'm winning the fight. I felt confident that I'm winning the fight. Going into the 12th round, I knew that I'm winning the fight. And I still took that round. I I wanted to stop him in every single round. But you know, and for my opponents, the win like every time I don't stop my opponent, they win. It It seems like it's a goal against me. Just to hear the 12 round and they already celebrate. They know they're winning because the judge has given it to them. Look at the fights. Look at the punch stats. I won again. It's third time in a row. Same stuff happening. I'm winning rounds. I'm throwing more. I'm lending more. I'm hurting him more. He's surviving seven rounds out of 12. This can't be everything that he just said. That's what he said. So, let me just stop you here for a minute. [laughter] That's what he said. The difficult decisions that he's now faced, as you just alluded to, in three fights, how tough is it to handle that? Who do you guys who do you guys have winning this fight? Huh? Can you translate what he said, please? That's what he said in the end. He's saying for me, it's really tough pillow to swell because I gave all my life to this sport. I've been participating in the boxing for all my life, but I'm really unfortunate. I don't know how to how to say I'm I I believe that I'm winning. I don't get the decision, but let's ask the people who was winning the fight. Thank you. You're a tremendous competitor. Appreciate it. All right, Moral. Back to you. All right, Jim. Thank you very much. Disappointed, but T-Rex Menov, who now has tasted defeat for the third time, all in highly competitive and uh debatable decisions, Al. Yeah, of course, we're going to get to Steve and the scoring, but I want to make a quick comment. Uh the very not the easiest fight to score, but here's the point. If you see this fight as an eight rounds to four fight, as Tim Chetm did, and I don't like criticizing officials, that's just wrong. I'm sorry. This is not an 8 to4 fight. And that's part of the problem that Akmdov is facing. And the other thing I want to say is somebody's not paying attention to body punches. All right, let's go to Steve Fard. Dee, you agree with Al Bernstein? Well, it was certainly was a close fight. There were three or four rounds that were very close. The judges agreed, Mo, on seven of the 12 rounds only. Here's the key round, the ninth. I thought Akmed Off was on the way to winning that round. He got hurt in the last 20 seconds. All three judges gave that round to Stims. If they score that round for Akmed, we have a draw. So, that to me was the turning point in the fight. Take a look at my card. I had a 114 1114. I gave Akmed off the last two rounds as did one of the judges, one of the other judges, Chris Mclori. And uh very close fight. I don't think uh you can argue either way, but no argument with Sims winning. One of the best fights of the year. And Al, one last point. Yeah, and let me say, I'm not disputing Kenneth Sims winning this fight. He could easily have won this fight. It was an inspired effort from