Kind: captions Language: en John Kimino who's going to take on Arnold Alejandro Felix. Yeah, the Alejandro brothers. We're going to see them tonight. Um, going back to the Ortiz piece there. I mean, after you train 12 weeks, it's, you know, you need to be hit hard and Wilder could do it, but you're not going to go down that easy. And then, uh, Ortiz is definitely prepared for this pay-per-view fight tonight. Well, uh, uh, two Filipino, uh, fighters we're going to see tonight, uh, in separate bouts, but this one, Emino John, uh, he fights a lot from the outside. So, that's what we're going to see tonight against Arnold Alejandro from Dallas as he's coming in. He's, um, a very sound fighter. Keeps keeps his gloves up, which is good in regards to Alejandro. He doesn't get hit that hard. Uh, so we'll see what happens. And watch out for the left hook from Alejandro. That's his specialty. Let's go up to Miguel Flores to get this night and these fights started. Ladies and gentlemen, the action continues as premier boxing champions now present eight rounds in the lightweight division. It is brought to you by Bomb Squad Promotions, TGB Promotions, Mayweather Promotions, and Fox Sports. Sponsored by MGM Resorts, Brooklyn Boxing, and Teate. Introducing first in the red corner wearing the Filipino flag. He weighed in at 129 and a half pounds. His record stands 20 victories, 10 by KO, opposite of 12 defeats and one draw. Adal Lipa City, Philippines. Presenting John the Disaster Hamino and his opponent across the ring in the blue corner wearing the red and gold. He weighed in at 129 12 lbs. His record unblenmish. 11 victories, 10 coming by way of a knockout, no defeats. Out of Dallas, Texas, presenting the exciting Arnold Alejandro. [Applause] [Music] down. You want to remind you or not? I say stop. That means stop whatever you're doing. Give me a clean break. Protect yourself at all times. Obey my commands at all times. Anything on the belt and above it on the belt and above, gentlemen. Let's do this. All right. [Music] Here we go. Eight rounds in the lightweight division as we see Arnold Alejandro there in the corner looking for the 12th victory of his young career taking on John Himino from the Philippines. Alejandro in the red trunks with gold trim. Himino in the Filipino colored trunks. Round number one, Marcos Viegas here in Las Vegas being joined with Felix de Jesus. More action to come later tonight in our main event. Deontay Wilder takes on Luis Ortiz in a rematch on Fox pay-per-view. Well, this is a step-up fight for Arnold Alejandro. He's fighting this veteran who uh you need to watch out. He has a a sneaky right hook there. We see it right there against Alejandro. Now Alejandro in the southpaw stance moving well trying to get his rhythm his timing right now. Yeah when he does he will engage. Camino has a really stocky build too. Filipino fighters always with their idol. No Manny Pacquiao. Himino not southpaw though. The opponent Alejandro the southpaw. a couple of them that switch up just because they love Pacquiao so much. They love Manny so much. Yeah, should be a good one. It's good feeling out process so far. Both the fighters just trying to see the little things there to go ahead and land shots in. Amino missing with a series of punches just now. Alejandro with a good high guard, good head movement. corner imploring him to move side to side a little bit more. Combinations by both fighters missing. Amino knocked out to Oh, down goes Alejandro with that same shot. He uh KO Toko Khan. So, uh he needs to be careful the rest of the fight here. Uh Alejandro, that same shot, a quick shot, he connected. Let's see if Kamino could capitalize on this. showing that Penoy power right now in those punches. He's coming forward. Big hook there. Exchanging now on the inside. Alejandra moving back. Keeping his gloves up so he knows what uh what's coming at him right now. Alejandro's corner telling him, "Hey, everything's okay. Keep calm. Keep calm." Tomino continues to move forward throwing punches. Alejandro smartly covering up left hook. He has to watch out for him. That's in his arsenal in Arnold Alejandro's arsenal. Yeah. And he doesn't want to get caught coming in because he is rushing in with these punches. He's throwing everything in these shots. Again, this is a step up for Alejandro. He felt the punching power right away. Good round for John Camino. We weren't expecting that that early. Wow. The veteran. 20 wins, 12 losses against Alejandro as we see here trying to get inside Amino. And that was sneaky little shot right there. Right down he went down. So, um he was not expecting that. He came with the left hook and left himself wide open. Something that Jimino took advantage of. He wanted to finish him off, but he covered well, did Alejandro. And uh we're getting ready for this second round. Now, it was a sneaky little shot, Felix, cuz he came with the straight and when he came with the straight, immediately threw the hook in there. I don't think Alejandro was was expecting that at all because that came so quick or sometimes that's what's happens when you're undefeated. Um as we see it again here, you see the straight boom. Just a really sneaky hook. Nice and quick. We mentioned it. You know, he likes to fight inside and comes up with those little sneaky punches. Caught Alejandro here in the first round. Let's see if he can recover. Round number two here at the MGM. Eight rounds scheduled in lightweight division. John Camino off to a good start. Seeing if he can continue this momentum, scoring a knockdown in that first round. Alejandro looking to box. moving on his back foot. He's going to want to keep Kamino off of him. A lot of these punches being blocked by Alejandro. He's doing a good job of having a high guard. When you step up in competition, you see how the speed plays a factor, and that's what Alejandra is tasting right now. Well, Jamino is doing a good job of being the aggressor and the one that's engaging and bringing the fight to Alejandro. Alejandro has been very defensive up to this point. He'll show some more. Alejandro. Good exchange there by both these guys. So, Alejandro digs to the body. First shot of consequence. Hamino pawing with that jab and slips that straight from Alejandro. He's looking to land that left as Alejandro, but he has to be careful. Yeah, he's overreaching just a little bit, huh? Doesn't want to get caught with the counter. He felt that uh in the last round. So, he's going to be very careful. He's going to want to settle in. He doesn't want to be too overzealous, run into something big. Alejandra being very methodical, cautious too with the punches that he does throw. Doesn't want to get caught again with any big. Good exchange. Both fighters landing there. Hammino following it up. Alejandro slipping that straight. Both pawing the jab. feels now like this is the feeling out round where it should have happened in the first round but he already tasted the canvas Alejandro so he has to pick up his pace wants to win this fight more than likely was a flash knockdown in that first round cuz Alejandro is moving really well Camino doing a good job of keeping his foot on the outside of Alejandro's lead foot both fighters exchanging Alejandro doing a good job of slipping punches as they're working on the inside. He tagged him there with that left. So, uh that could be the recipe for him for the rest rest of the round for a lightweight. Himino is very compact, has a lot of power. As we come down to the final seconds of this round number two, good exchange there. as Alejandro ends that round with a nice little counter. Better round for him. Better better round for them. He settled in. So for more information on how to order tonight's pay-per-view event, visit foxports.com for all the details. Deontay Wilder, Luis Ortiz, the rematch, but also headlined but by a lot of other action-packed fighters. Leo Santa Cruz taking on Miguel Flores, Brandon Figereroa fighting Julio Seca. And to start off the pay-per-view, Lewan Barthellami taking on Eduardo Ramirez as we take a look at the corner of John Kamino. He's had a pretty good two rounds so far. So far, a little two rounds. Alejandro did step it up here in the second round. Let's see what this third round will bring us. And again, this is the little appetizer before we have the big event tonight here at MGM Grand. Wilder Ortiz, Flores, Santa Cruz, just to name two of the four that you're going to be watching tonight. on pay-per-view. Now, Alejandro coming into this round, he needs to be more active. Felix, I have a feeling that he he might not be getting these rounds because of his activity. He's just not throwing enough. I think that flash knockdown in the first round kind of put him uh a little bit going back, but he he's regaining it. I saw a little more in the second. Good exchange just now. Seems though is having the better of the exchanges, though. Yep. One, two, miss. Camino responds, lands a jab. Camino, great counter puncher. He doesn't wait. Yeah, he's been all all aggressive, all uh forward so far. Hunter might want to time Camino coming in because he is overreaching with a with a lot of these punches or when he starts his volley of combinations take a little step back and and land a counter trying to maintain that lost column and zero is Alejandro but he has a tough cookie now here in the it's a big challenge for him suffering that knockdown in that first round might need to uh step up the urgency he could be behind big on the cards at this point and it's an eight rounder. So, in the judge's eyes, you want to just basically start uh working a little harder than your opponent. Amino has to watch out for that left. He's trying to calibrate it there. Uh Alejandro is he just can't reach him right now. Doing a better job of making Hamino fight at his pace, but his punches are few and far between. just got to the let his hands go a little bit more. Good straight there by Alejandro. This would work if he would not have been knocked down in that first round. Yeah. Yeah. But now he's behind. Good round for him so far. It's probably the way he wanted to start out the round in the beginning or start out the fight. You will get that first round 108 for him. Yeah. Yep. I felt that Himino won the second round as well. So, Alejandro as of now, it looks like he's be behind in this fight. Trying to pick up the pace. A little faints here from Alejandro. Seeing Hamino, I don't know how he has 12 losses cuz he looks like an established fighter. And sometimes these records are deceiving though, Felix. Let's come to the final 10 seconds of round number three. Hamino coming forward. Alejandro doing his best to evade the aggressiveness of Amino. That was a good round for Alejandro. Yes, he's starting to try to pick up the pace here a little bit. Again, it's an eight rounder, so he has to do a little more, a little more pressure. We take a look back at the action from round number three. Felix, take us through it. Yeah, that left uh by Alejandro. Another one. But Amino kept fighting back. Now, both fighters have done a good job of slipping each other's punches. We haven't seen anything really flush land. No damage so far. The corner there basically telling him to watch out for that left. He made that signal there. [Applause] No, Camino a 10ear pro showing that experience. That experience is coming through in this fight. It is against the kid Alejandro, a priced fighter. Nice prospect. And when you take a look at the total rounds that Jamino's fought compared to Alejandro, 208 total rounds compared to Alejandro's 33. Yeah, he's a baby. So, there's a big step up step up for Alejandro in this fight. as we get in round number four here at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas, but he has a great corner people there. Alejandro does. They told him, "Be calm. You'll get to him." Let's see if it's true. Yeah, he looks a little bit more settled in. Does Alejandro counter and slip there missing his right was Alejandro gets tapped by the power jab of Kamino. Hamino coming in with that straight. So I mentioned the Wilder Ortiz fight. Santa Cruz against Flores. It's also worth mentioning Figareroa against Seaha and uh Leidwan Bartelli against Eduardo Ramirez that's been bumped up. So four terrific fights tonight on Prep Peer and both guys really thinking in there. A lot of punches haven't been thrown but it's a lot of mental warfare here. Demino was doing much better inside. Now he's taking it outside and that's to the advantage of Alejandro. Nice counter there from Alejandro landing just two punches. Now, this is where Alejandra wants to fight. Yeah, this is his fight right here. has a little more reach. Let's see what Himino can do to counter that. Hunter just tagged Himino right now. Like I mentioned before, overaggressiveness can work against you. Needs to be careful. Alejandro does have 10 knockouts to his credit in 11 fights, so needs to be wary of the power. Of course, a big night for both both boxers here at the MGM. They want to show their stuff. Like you said, Marcus, it could be dangerous. It was dangerous for Alejandra in the first round. Alejandro letting his hands go a little bit more. He's keeping Jimino at bay. Good series of punches there from him. Not not as overly aggressive as he was in the previous rounds. I guess there was a couple of lefts from the outside now. Doesn't want to feel that. Alejandro digging to the body. Three-punch combination. Follows it up to the body again. He's doing good work now. Yeah, I slowed down definitely since the first round. Could be that body work. He has to step it up even a little more, I think, Alejandra to win this fight. Well, he's on his way there. If you give him the last round, good straight just now. And then this round, he's doing really well. He He's getting back in there. He would need to Yeah. Keep this up going for a while. Oh, Amino comes back. It's the best we've seen from him in a while. Another good round for Alejandro for that round number four. He's boxing really well now. Looks a little beat up there. A little tired. That body work looks like it's working now. Slow him down as we see Alejandro looking for an opening. That left jab in there again. He's just trying to get in and using the distance. That was flush and a nice little block there by him. So, we have a fight now. Yeah, could be uh pretty even on the scorecards. Yes, I think so. Could be up by a point too because of the two points in the first round. Amino needs to pick it up in this round. Not he might lose the [Music] fight. Alejandro having Danny Garcia in his corner. the brother of esteemed trainer Robert Garcia and from uh the story to Garcia family produced world champions like Fernando Vargas, Mikey Garcia, Robert Garcia. So we got round number five here at the MGM Grand Alejandro fighting his way back into this fight, not allowing Camino to take over with his aggressiveness. Yeah, when you have that pedigree in the corner, you uh kind of know that you have to battle. That's what Alejandra's been doing since the first round, trying to pick apart Jimino slowly but surely. Uh, excuse me. Alejandro very methodical with his punches. Look at that. Just evaded six punches there. Oh, there's skills. It's just that he has to start connecting and hurting him, you know. Yeah, he does. He has to make him miss and make him pay. There goes Amino bobbling his head. Make you believe he's hurt. I don't think so. Good shot there to the body by Alejandro. He's found a lot of success over the course of these five rounds going to the body with that straight could be a contributing factor as to why Hamino has slowed down a bit. But Amino looks like to uh have received here a little second breath here. Looks a little better. Trying to attack here. His hands are a little down on Alejandro. That could be just Oh, I told you. I don't think he's going to get up. Felix, it's all over. Johno one punch knockout. Flat lines. Alejandro here at the MGM. Oh my goodness. And just mentioned that he was leaving his gloves down. A knockout. Devastating for this kid's career. Heino, a veteran, comes up with that right. Gets a congratulations. Oh my goodness. Boom. Down. That's it. He's out. He's out. Oh man. What a right by Hemino. We told you he looked a little better in the fifth round. And down he went. What a knockout. He knew right away. This thing's a seeing tonight frequently. Ooh, what a brutal knockout. Namino knew right away. He had put all his weight in there. And I I had told you earlier, Felix, the dude is big for lightweight. He's a big stocky guy. He is. It looked like Alejandro in the second, third, and fourth round was uh doing some good work, but then his gloves were a little down, which is not common in Alejandro. He keeps them up high. And then that right came out of nowhere. And oh my god, his nose is broke. His nose is bleeding. What a shot. [Applause] That's Alejandro on the floor now getting attended by his trainer Danny Garcia. So, we take a look at the knockout again in real time. Alejandro was keeping his distance, tried to uh a little bit and then boom. No doubt about it. He threw that jab and then came over. And that's boxing. Anything could happen in boxing. That's why this fight tonight, the pay big pay-per-view bout, I mean, I can't just can't wait for it. It's going to be exciting. Alejandro takes a taste. He's going to have to uh recover from this. He's still young. Everybody gets hit every once in a while and for Jimino the victory. Man, you know what, Felix? Good for Jimino. He he needed something like this now. Having a record like he has 2012 and one with only 10 knockouts. You mentioned it that that record is deceiving. Yeah, deceiving. This kid's a fighter. That that needs to be included in one of the top knockouts of the year. I know there's been a ton this year and there's been a ton of upsets this year as well. The way Wilder hit Dominic. Yeah. You know, But this one's up there, too. If there's like a top list of knockouts, that needs to be included as well as Yeah, big ups to him. Yeah, we knew it was a step up in compet competition for Alejandro and he he did not see that punch. No, he didn't. It's cuz the jab jab set up that knock uh the knockout punch. Wow. Back to the drawing board for uh Alejandro here. His brother's up next. So, uh, got a good start for the, uh, how that affects his brother coming in. Uh, yeah, when you see something like that. And we're going to have Marcelus Wilder also fight on FS1 today. So, uh, it's a fight you should see, too, as a as an appetizer to the big pay-per-view because it does affect, you know, it's blood, you know. So, we'll see what happens. You know, this this was a big step up, too, for Alejandra in terms of experience like we mentioned earlier. Let's go ahead and make it official. Let's take it up to Miguel Flores. Ladies and gentlemen, the end comes at 1 minute and 45 seconds of round number five for your winner by knockout John the Disaster Hamino. You see it victorious. John Hamino now improving his record to 2112 and one with 11 knockouts getting that huge knockout win in the fourth