Kind: captions Language: en Yo, what's up, man? It's Naji from Cigar Talk, and I'm here to break down some of the best fights with your favorite stars. Right here, I got my man Caleb Plant, and uh we're going to break down this Mccumbi fight, man. How you feeling, man? Feeling good. All right, let's do it. Las [Music] Vegas, man. just feeling out right like long guard filling out wide distance controlling range controlling the center of the ring and just you know looking at his reactions how he reacts how he reaches for stuff at this point are you trying to get a read on his power at this point like early in the fight all you took that on the glove right there so now I'm giving it to him again took the bait rock back left hook right up with that. Back it up when we come. See, he threw that one. He threw that one like, you know, a little hard, but you came back with two. So, I give it to him. He takes it. I give it to him again. I take it away. I give it to him again. Boom. I punch off of it right away as opposed to trying to count him. You see the You see the difference in hand speed right now? Like at this point in the fight, but he also hasn't let too much fly. So, but based off that, I'm like, "Okay, yeah, but I'm normally the faster guy at Superweight." Giving it to him again. Caleb, I got to tell you, Caleb has jab mistakes, which he's prone to. He's also making his first round fighter. So a big big step up. There's levels. There's experience. You can see it right away in this very first round. Look at just so calm, relaxed, waiting for Makami to make uh mistake and he is. He's going to walk into something. It feels like he's throwing everything with bad intentions. Is that making you want to feel like all right, I got a counter right here? Like what's the mind frame? Cuz he's throwing heat on every uh just to stay calm, cool, relaxed. You know, it's 12 round fight. Boom. Just putting my combinations together. So taking my time, easing in a great and just switching through my guards, you know, whether it be, you know, fill the shell, the high guard, long guard, low guard. Is that bread in the back? him off his father. You used the lead hook a lot in this fight, too. And got some work with David Benas in the past. Had a lot of amateur experience. MC turned pro at 17 getting special permission because he was a highly talented prospect trying to faint you out for a few years from the high changing levels. You know, I thought I got a good punch selection. So, just continuing to uh said don't step to him yet cuz he can see I'm starting to get comfy. I heard that. What you mean by that? Hold on. Break that down. You said you starting to get comfy. just end of round one. You he said uh don't step to him yet. You said so I don't start to get comfy. What do you mean? So I feel like Brett could tell I was starting to get a little aggressive towards the end when I had my frame on him. It was moving towards him. And I think Brad just didn't want me to he wanted me to continue to ease in and not jump the gun. And you know, I've done well really well this first round by being patient and choosing my punch selection wisely. And uh you know don't get overly excited just because those things are landing in the first round cuz it's a long fight and you know he could he's a big puncher and a strong guy. He could run you into something. I agree. I mean the left hook was also a part of I feel like this whole fight you using that left hook to the body man. Yeah. So that that's the first round. Y what what did he do that in that round? Not much. Feel that round. Wasn't nothing going on yet. All right. All right. Round two. You can only earn respect. That's all we had. Two great fights. See, the distance closed a little bit to me now, right? Like he he's walking forward a little more. Like he's closing the distance a little more. Well, he's trying to uh he's trying to change things up because he felt things not going his way. So sometimes when people come out of their their style that they had the last round, sometimes that can mean because that that wasn't working for him. And so he's trying to switch things up and so he can find his rhythm. can try to start landing things and gain some success because in the first round, you know, he he didn't have much going on. Yeah. Double jab, right hand back hook. Get back to the center. There's that body shot again. I like that wide hook though. Throw it away. Yeah, I like the wide hook. Throw it away. And there's blood right here too. These guys don't like each other. A lot of trash talking in the world. Was that was it just the force? The force that he threw with just knocked you off bounds. Yeah, just running back. Hold on. Let's go back to it. It didn't look like it hurt though. No, I know. Get you off. Yeah, just my feet slip. Roll him around. Turn him. Get back to his center. Nice him off me. Get space. Yep. Relax my jab. Squeeze the jab. You controlling the center of the ring when you will reflexes of 32y old in his 25th professional fight. I like the fact that he's pressing the fight. He's looking for a fight. He threw out hard leather. He's got That's why he's here, right? He knows the task at hand. Major stage big time pay-per-view against a former champ. He better bring it. and trying to get back. Trying to get back [Music] trying to be Oh, yeah. He's trying to get a little shoulder. Yeah. Yeah. Up, you know, but just got to stay calm. Cool. Off [Music] off his cain. Right in front of now needs to get that head off center line cuz that jab is going to be there all day if he doesn't again on display. Yeah, I think Plant is too too well educated in this board. He knows what's coming right now. Setting up everything, waiting for Maki again to lunge in, which he is. And plus, it is a 12 round fight. So, you know, he can take you going around the guard with that left hook, though. Around the guard through the middle. Is that Are you just seeing that because of his high guard? You like, "All right, I'm I'm going to go around." Oh, he's saluting you. That's when it started when I was like, "Uhoh, it's getting hot." But hold on. I was saying um when you you you going around the guard a lot, right? Like we see you mixing it up, mixing up the attack. You going between the guard and then around the guard, under the guard, through the splitting the guard, around the guard, under the guard. Uh is that just what you see? Those are the openings. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. And obviously, you know, if you have a high guard and you go to punch me in the center of my face, y punch me. Close up. So then what are you going to do next? And then come right come right around. Then what you going to do next? And then come underneath. Yeah. Okay. So just manipulating his guard with my combinations. Okay. you know, knowing how he's going to react before I let him fly like that. A little left hook there, but stepped off. It's a grazing shot. And you saw MC try to throw a nice counter. Yeah, he's countering too. He's trying to counter too. He's got a few tricks up his sleeve. So this is round two. What has he done this round? He coached. We were talking about this before. Yeah. Well, all right. I I feel like in the beginning he was doing the rough up. So the rough up I you kind of kind of count. Nah, not just that, but he's moving forward. He's throwing hard shots. He was walking you back a little bit. He caught a good hook. Now we posted at the crazy hook part right here. We're going to edit this part out. Yeah, we switch. No, like I said, he called me with a good shot at the end of round two. I would say I would argue under besides this good shot at the end of round two and the one catch and counter. I mean so you feel like you won this round cuz I feel I think I think you lost this round based because of the shot. Um I mean that plays a part too it just it just felt like and it wasn't all effective aggression but it just felt like he's he's walking forward. I feel like this one was more his he's walking forward getting what? Touched up. He got touched up but he's he he was he was throwing some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] though. It wasn't all landing but you know what I'm saying? He was shadow [Laughter] boxing. Kaboom. Yeah. So, like I said, good shot then in round two. Yeah. Took my little some step like I said, but then right after um you can let it fly. Feel like I gathered my legs. Then once I got to the corner, you can hear Brad here. Yo, you got to stop backing straight up. You hear me? You all right? Yeah, I'm good. Yeah. You all there. You all there. Speak for themselves. That hurt. Yeah, that was that was just stepping straight back. That was like some wild [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that he did before that hook though after the punch. We did notice that as well. Watch legs when he gets up. Yeah, he's still hurt. No, that's because I was smart enough to as soon as I got hit with the shot. Boom. Lock you up. So, you gave yourself that round. I mean, unless that left hook supersedes everything else that happened in the round, which is not impossible. But some people would say that, but if that left hook doesn't supersede everything else I did in the round, then no. He going to come out guns blazing. Nothing. But see right there. the aggress. That's the aggression I'm talking about. It's not all like landing, but it's just like Yeah, but you don't get brownie points for throwing somebody down. You You get brownie points for pulling someone out of their game plan. So, just stay calm and cool cuz I I know he's trying to bring the heat. I know he knows he caught me with a good shot. So, I'm not going to let that rope for my feathers. Boom. Nice little combination. He landed that right hand in the corner on let me tell you he's like a lumberjack back to my jab and down. Yeah, he feeling himself right now. You could tell he got a little confidence feeling. Yeah, a little confidence right now. Behind the head. Yeah, it's all good though. He's just being aggressive. He's just trying to be covering trying to find it down here. Solid jab. Nice thing. I like that you jab in between his two. Another jab. Touch both sides of the body. Oh, he tried the same. That was the They tried the same move. Yeah, that was the same one from before. But you split out that time instead of straight back. Yeah. in and out. So, no matter what, no matter what, but I think what you're saying is he's trying, but again, you don't really get I don't really think you get brownie points for trying. You know, you have to succeed at what you're trying to do. You mean effective aggression? Yeah. Effectively, if all my punches are landing and you're maybe being coming forward, but you're not landing nothing. It needs to be effective. Good job. Good body shot. Posting. Just keeping him in the bay. Keeping them bay. Changing the tempos of my punches. My shot. He keeps trying to do that. Lunging in jumping in. Frame. Try to frame and drop the right hand. He tried to style you. Yeah. Yeah. See, this is when I feel like you started getting like, okay. Yeah. I'm like, yeah, you like that. Nice job. You kind of smiled right there. Another nice jab. That jab breaking him down. Changing my guards again. Shoulder roll. Good counter over top. Cuz when I gave him that guard, I knew he was going to jump in. Four jabs. Work my way around. Oh, center. Yep. Oh, good body. That hook to the body is that man. Oh, deep and hook. Ties again. You know what I think is to me the body shots that you just threw before that cuz you when you leap you kind of came down and I feel like it brought his arms down which like led to the the hook up top pass. But first you got to set the table here. You know, you got to give him a reason to want to do that. Don't go to the hook. Take it off his mind for a little bit. Stab him in his left arm. Then next time he show you the shoulder roll, do not go for the hook. Show your discipline. Stay off the ropes and everything is good. All right. He got fake shoulder rolling too in between his high. So don't let him get but even in that round, you know, I thought you won that round. I got I got a two-1. I got you two one. You gave him the second round. I gave him second one based off that one shot. No, I told he is effect. It's aggression. It's not always effective though. But just frame tried to frame off of him, but just pulled out. just got his face. My daddy say he who laughs last laughs loud, right? That's true. Your daddy got a lot of saying, man. He got a lot of He got a whole lot of He got a lot of bars. All right, round four. Yep. See, so I go to the inside, right? Yeah. Hold up. What? So, hold up. What made you start off in the inside? Did y'all have a conversation right in this part in the corner? Cuz you started off on the inside this No. I just felt like he was like wild and kind of awkward lunging, jumping in, like getting a hold of my arm and spinning. And so it's kind of like the theory like do you want to be this far away from a baseball bat or do you want to be this far away from a baseball bat? Absolutely. So let me just test the waters and see if it's there. It's not something I have I don't have to stay there, but I can just, you know, check his temperature, see what's going on in there, and then if I can res, you know, revert back to boxing and then go, you know, I can switch it up how I want. But you're just changing up the look right here. Yeah, just changing up the look to see what's going on. But they hadn't told me that yet. Okay. Soda roll. I tried to, but he's going crazy. Not really. [Music] I like twice, though. You real reactive off of the off of his jab, too. You jab while he's jabbing a lot. Yeah. Yeah, he is setting up a trap. I ain't going to tell you how I'm doing it, but holy man used to say jab jab hook. You know what he did with Anthony? Yeah, that's the real triple jab. Nice little shoulder roll. Yep. Faint him. Faint and jab. Double triple faint right there. Taming him with the jab, bro. That's why you like Adrian. I thought he was going to That's why I push him. Like, boy, get the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] off me. Just roll and this is the way to do it. just, you know, pick the guy apart. Don't try to overdo it and just, you know, like his corner told the jab is tame in the miss [Music] going back to the inside just trying to hand over my friend. Switch my guards up real quick. See what's going on. Oh, body shot. just a great And so now this is this is where I'm like I went and tested it early on in this round and then I went back to boxing and then now I'm stepping back to him to really check it out again. Did you like the look the first time you did it? I felt I felt pretty good about it, but like I didn't really stay there enough to catch a true vibe for it. So I feel like this is kind of where I start to catch my vibe for like oh okay. Yeah, I I think this is like a solid move. Like I think this would be a good adjustment. Okay. You talk about a daily hold my ground. Take his face. Oh, good body shot. Shoulder bump. Throw my right hand. You love those leaping style. That was a leaping body shot. That's where that was the that was the on the on the arm. Yeah. I'm like, "Oh, no. You're good." I didn't argue with him like he needed to get upset and Yeah. And also, you need to call the other one. So, exactly. That That's what I thought in my head. I was like, he probably could have called the other one. Yeah. So, we'll call it even just stay cool, stay calm. Show roll cuz I knew he's going to lunge in cuz he feel good. He's trying to see if he hurt me, but he didn't. I just keep keep a hard guard. Keep a nice tight defense. Oh, good body shot. [Music] Both sides of the body. I feel like the body shots is having an effect right here though to be honest. It kind of slowed his momentum. I think it's starting to pull the whole gas thing a little bit. That's what I'm saying. I can like seeping right. It's like the gas is kind of slowly straight back. and Brad's keeping it super cool. Yep. I I would have gave you that round, but they counted the knockdown. So, is it just his is his power just that like Well, just his power and also him bull rushing me, you know, kind of. Yeah. [Music] Yeah. Straight. But that's what Brett says cuz the water's inside. That's what he just said. But I had felt like I did the beginning of the round and the end of the round and I'm like, "Yeah, I feel like this is where I need to be." And then I go back and my and Brad and my dad are like standing inside the rest of the fight. Like So at this point after this is when they were like that's where they told me right then and in my head I'm like, "Oh, cool. I had already kind of felt like that. So I'm going to we're all on one court." In terms of in terms of McCumby's punching power, where do you rank it as far as all the guys that you fought? I think it's up there. It's up there. Yeah. I don't know about his form because he's like winging them and jumping and lunging. So obviously, you know, that's gonna add force, you know, but but yeah, he's swinging for the fences and he like you're supposed to step when you punch, jab, cross, hook. And that one time he caught me with the hook at the end of the second round, it was step, step, and before his even could even step with his front foot again, the hook was already landing. So it was like unconventional. Yeah. The awkward That's awkward. And I'm waiting on him to go [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Right. And that's the timing of it. But because he switched that up, you know, it had kind of caught me off on guard. Okay. I think Yeah, this the round where you turn up, I think. We're in the fight now, guys. See, he tried to do it again. Stay cool. Stay calm. But see, he's bull rushing me. So just cuz he's Yeah. He trying to trying to throw you over. Oh, good. Nice. Oh, good. Down. [Music] Come alive here at the T-Mobile Arena. This will turn into came in as a big time favorite, but Trevor McCarthy looking to seize your ass. He's one strong character. Let me tell you, he's physically strong. Now you stepping forward now. I feel like I don't want to force my way in, you know, because you can run in something, but drag my way in. You got you gave him back. Oh, good body shot. Go back to framing. Another body shot. Look at that. You keeping the arms at home. You're framing him. You keeping his arms at home with the with the elbow throwing some nice short stuff in there that you wouldn't expect from this guy. You know, they say some of the best defensive fighters in the world take away their punches before they even throw them. You know, a lot of times you think of defense as slip and counter and catch and shooting, but the best defensive fighters take the punches away before they can even throw them. I love that. Yeah. And you can see even in here, he he can't get the leverage on his shots. It ain't the hard winging shots cuz he's got to step into everything. He's got to step into his shot. That's how he gains momentum and power. Uh which is what he was trying to do in spurts. Oh, hell shot. on the inside. You changing levels beautifully, too. That's what I love. Yeah. Changing levels up top. Hit him in the body. Then you come up up in between. It's unbelievable. But he's getting away with I'm whooping his ass right now. I'm whooping the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of him. Yeah, he definitely Oh, good shot. Good uppercut. Body. Yeah. Get that uppercut is that uppercut is living living at home under there. Another one. Another slip. Roll. Excuse me. Go back to framing. Yep. Go back to f. Wow. I like he worked his way back inside to land the hook. Oh, he turned his ass up this way. Oh man. No, did he? That was crazy. That was crazy. See, now he's confused, though. I feel like McCumby's now confused. This is the first time in a fight where he's like, "Damn, what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is going on right now?" And when the bell is about to ring, oh, look at that. Look at that. Great shot. Right on the money. And I'm like, "Oh yeah, I I got him figured out now." At this point, you knew. And the bell rings, I'm about to say something to him. I look at him. I say, "Yeah, you like that, don't you, boy?" Cuz I'm like, "Oh yeah, I got it figured out." You said, Oh god. Yeah. And I'm feeling myself now. I got it figured out, right? The momentum shifted though. The momentum definitely shifted. Then they willed it as a punch. First they said it was a headbutt, but then they said it was a punch. But I need him. He tied now though. This was He's running hot. Yeah. Yeah. I got him running hot. I think it's both the body shots, but also he was he throwing everything hard though. Everything. But I'm also not allowing him to do what he wants, which can, you know, get you. I mean, come on. The left hand. Oh man. Come on, Lamboro. Fire his ass. All right, where we at? Round six. Oh, you forcing your way inside now. Now you Now you were timing. You forcing your way inside. Stay close. Excuse me. Oh god. And I've gotten good at wrestling, too. like wrestling arm control framing. [Music] Oh wow. Make sure I step to him in a high guard cuz he throws anything crazy. Uppercut. I feel like Yeah, the underneath game is crazy right now. He's not blocking no uppercuts. Bump him. Shoot the right hand. Yeah, you feeling yourself bad. Oh god, what a body shot. It's not even the same steam on his punches now. So uppercut shoulder bump 32 off of the bump. Another frame. I love how he's creating space in them little pockets too. [Applause] Oh, I know the hook's going to roll up under back to Fman. He don't know what to do at this point. I think he's just coming me good right there, but I turn him back again. He's right back. Body shot. Excuse me. Yeah, that was I like that folks. I bro him right there. Yeah, he sure did. You got yours back. He been trying to land that counter though. This is a fight and yet both sides get my hands back up or find, you know, take his punches away. Damn, he gave McCumb round four. Yeah, that's insane. That was crazy. Oh, the left hook is getting damage. Yep. Yep. Another bump. Over, under, over. Now he like, I got to do something. Oh, count it. That was nasty. Yeah, you like that. Flexing this round. You hear that? Yeah, this round. Oh, underneath. Yes, sir. Marvin Hagler jab right here. Yeah, this is the move you did in the street. Yeah, basically. Yeah, this is a great run. Frame and then right here. Look, he tries to back. Rewind it one time. Cuz I frame. Boom. Hit him with the body shot. And then I grab his arm cuz I know he's going to try to pull out. Hold. You frame and grab his arm. You say frame, walk, body shot. Now I hold his arm. Oh, I see that. Walk, roll. I know he's going to shoot. Boom. That would have happened. Kaitlin Conor, you stood in there that time. You ain't back up. You stood in that time. Yeah. Take that where you go. He's hurt. Look, he got to jump. He got to jump up to try to make sure he get Do you think Charlie understands like my dad's a fighter? Does she You think she gets that? Maybe not right now, but she she does now. She's in the gym all the time with me. I come home, "Dad, I want to box." Oh, yeah. I want to box. So, I box out here with the little shot. She'll fall down and go, I need some water. And then she'll get up and I'll say, "Hit me with a big shot." And she'll do like I'll fall down. She goes, "You want some water?" Oh man. [Music] That was a ass whoop in that round. That round. That's That was belt. That was the belt. That be the A. Yeah, [Music] nasty. Not both hands into the N. That's crazy. for his wife. Got my girls hyped up. Salute to JG. Round seven. Come on to high guard. Play it safe. See if he'll jump in. Boxing is all about giving them something and taking it away. It's all about hustling somebody. You give them something, you give them a look, and you take it away from them. You give them a look, you take it away from them. You switch through your looks, you give it to them, they bite on it, you take it away from them. He getting desperate now. I feel like And I was going to start looking off how he did me earlier, but in between rounds, my bread and my dad was like, "Quit [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] around. Quit [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] around." Yeah. So, I don't want to get in trouble. Right. Well, we into We love the entertainment that last round. Set him up. Do you feel like he's hurt at this point? Like, do you see him like you feel like hurt or dazed, but he's discouraged? Yeah, I'm breaking him down. Another body shot. I'm breaking him down for sure. He's uh he's lost. He needs a map. He needs some milk. Another right. Excuse me. That was so you know when the boxer is walking down the puncher cuz you see you just seen him on his toes coming around the corner. Yep. One. Yeah. That's a wrap. Yeah. Right. Unless you run into something. So look another thing too. You get fighters ideas. So fighters will run out of ideas and they'll copy you and they'll do what you're doing. So run it back a little bit. I see that a lot when people throw body shots. It feel like it reminds them like, "Oh, let me throw some body shots." Yeah. So I give him some I give him an idea. Then he does it. Right. First you got to plant the seed. You got to give them an idea. Then I give it to him. I take it away. moving his head side to side. Starting to take this fight over the last couple rounds that he keeps it up, but I got to tell you, you still got to be careful. Look like seven [Music] underneath over. He's also squared though. He's giving you so much target though. So there by Caleb through seven rounds for McCarthy doing well as well. 43. Yeah, he don't know what's going on right now. [Music] [Applause] Yeah, the inside game is Your inside work has been beautiful thus far. A lot of moves in there. Oh gosh. And so right now I'm just I'm checking his temperature like is he ready to go? Because I've been on you know right I've been getting at him for a couple rounds now. So let me check check his temperature. But he he still gave back like all right so he got a little more [Music] just easy. He's smothering all his work too. is unbelievable. And so that was like a little push for him like um those punches. That was like a sprint cuz he I've been getting off the whole time and he's like, "Man, I got to throw something. I have to have some success." So I know when you when you whooping on somebody and they try to let off, that's just them running themselves high. Okay. Yeah, he tight. Listen, he didn't want to work that round cuz he used it all up the last round before. Listen, you got to give your guy some I would say the same thing. Listen, you win. You went for his ass. Keep going. You got to give us some confidence or something. A ass. You got to give us some confidence. This is bad. I had him on. That's a lie though. Yeah. This the belt right now. It's the belt right now. At this point, are you thinking like, "All right, I know I can stop this guy right now." Well, you still I can't say that I know I can, but that's my plan. Like, I could feel him wilting beneath, you know. So, you thinking I want to go for it, though. I want to go. Yeah. But I have to do it. I have to go about it the right way, you know, cuz he's still his back is cornered. You never know when he's just going to lunge in some and throw a haymaker. He's awkward and and strong. So, it's got to be done the right way. But, yeah, that's the plan. All right, round eight. I think it's over and nine, I believe. That's why might want to take advantage of take the center when he gives it to me. Change my tempos. Change my rhythm up. Right. He's doing that too. When you started to change the rhythm, he did the same thing. He's in great shape. And look, so I'm switching my rhythms up right here. If you see in this round, I came out differently than I had in the other round. A very devastating punch. He's revving up. You can see he's trying to do something, right? He's revving up. He's revving up. You think that's cuz you ain't pressing him? So now he like, "All right, it's my chance to come back and do this." Uh, perhaps he could just be bluffing, honestly, cuz he wound up not doing it. Catch and shoot. And then I came back with the other L. I like I like the turn though. It didn't land, but that was a nice turn. I knew when he turned he was going to bring something, so I try to keep my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] locked in. the effect of punching. Still some energy from come back with one punch, maybe two. It's all still dangerous. Incredible display, but he's only trying in spurts though. 63% total power. So that's why I have to be careful cuz I don't know when he's trying to l me to sleep. He's doing what? I mean, anything over 40% when it comes to power is a good night at the office. Look at him. He's still trying him again here. I like you pushing him back too when he tried to get you on the ros. There's a double triple jab from but doesn't follow up with the right and according to our unofficial height which we'll see hook to the body. He came back. I'm not going to say anything. I don't either, but uh but I have Caleb Plant ahead. All right. uppercuts there by plan even though again the knockdown which we can go on and on about but it is what he was knocking going down I left landing all night throwing little shots on the inside turn again he put himself right back on the rope right there and just spin You know, off of you trying to do that hook, the body back to the body is coming back. It's pretty amazing. He gave a much bigger push this round than he did last time. Shoulder roll, right hand roll. Caleb that felt like his his last attempt at like that was his last push like so I knew I was running him hot in those other rounds and now he gives me his last push and he got experience doesn't have much uh success from it which is also discouraging so I felt like that was his last push. Best of luck to you afterwards. Thank you. I appreciate your boy. All right. Thank you very much title fight coming up in the main event against Canelo Alvarez. The man who owns his fight here with Trevor M. [Music] working behind my jab. Keep my head off to the center. [Music] Oh god. Oh, that hurt him. Look, you saw that. Hold up. Let me go back a little bit. You can hear Brad in the back. Oh yeah. Now you heard him right there. Even his his whole guard just changed. Dropped the hands, everything. Oh god. Yeah, that hurt bad. Oh, that hurt real bad. He haven't even thrown a punch in the last 10 seconds. Go back downstairs. When you hear somebody body, go back down there again. That hurt bad. Test both sides. Now bring it up big middle. Boom. Now I want to check his temperature again. I feel like it might be a good time cuz I just heard him with a body shot. [Applause] [Music] Y I'm like, okay. Got a little more. Not just not just yet. Go back to the body again. Oh, get my hand back up cuz I missed. You could literally see the body work destroying them though. Yeah. Again, boy, peel his hand down. Peel it again. Now I know he's going to shoot the hook cuz he didn't shoot the first time. Make sure I roll. [Music] Right uppercut. Yep. Make fun of him a little bit. Frame. Now, this body work is crazy. Oh, go back to the frame cuz I missed. Oh, I thought he was going to jump in again. You can tell he's ready though, right? Like you could tell he's ready to go. Uh, just about. Yeah. Yeah, that was easier said than done, guys. I mean, got a little breath right there. [Music] He don't even know where it's coming from. It's up top. It's underneath. There's like three more buckers in there whooping his ass, ain't it? How you That's just That's all I have to deal with. Let's peel. Make sure I roll. Another frame. Push him back. Good body shot underneath. Give a little short left hook. Taking space when he gives it to me. on the already watch. Boom. Straight right hand. You heard him. That's Brad. You heard him. Oh god. I'm like, "All right, I'm going to give it one last push right here for the um second symmetry." Boom. I knew right there. Boom. Boom. Oh god. Nah, that was just Oh, fatality. Finish him. Yeah, finish him. That was a finisher. Damn. Hold on. So, right there you knew at the end you're like, "All right, I caught him with this shot. Let's just go for it." I caught him with a good shot and I knew right there. Oh, yeah. Get you some grave digger. Oh, man. That was a hell of a fight, man. I can't I can't lie. Hell of a fight. Great inside work. I don't know. You can't really ask for more more than that. And that's why I said before, you know, like besides a good shot at round two and a BS, you know, obviously he tried and he landed some punches here and there, but you know, trying is not enough. Yeah, there's levels, man. If you hit me with a body shot like that, man, I don't shoot me. We got to do I'll call the homies cuz that was disgusting, man. Yo, listen. Dope breakdown. Caleb Plant, I'm glad you all got some insight. We got to learn the nuances. Sweet hands, man. You got any last words, man? Appreciate y'all tuning in and uh see y'all May 31st. Let's do it. Boom.