Kind: captions Language: en We look at the numbers in this matchup and uh you know we the weight issue was significant. Uh this fight was made at 163 lbs 3 lb above the middleweight division and Charlo came in 3 lb over that which makes his uh wallet a little lighter and raises the question. He then later said after that that he only had what he called a 3-w weekek specific camp for this. He said he was training and he had gone to see Roy Jones Jr. etc. to work with him, but he said he didn't have a long camp. So, we'll see if that is his conditioning because he's overweight that isn't so great. With the official introductions, here is Jimmy Lennon Jr. [Music] Well, fans from the Michelob Ultra Arena here at the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino in Las Vegas, Nevada, Premier Boxing Champions continues the action with our co-main event of the evening brought to you by TGB Promotions. Samson Boxing and Showtime pay-per-view and sponsored by DraftKings Sportsbook. The crown is yours. Introducing our three judges scoring from ringside. From New York, Max Duca from Nevada, Dave Moretti, and from California, Zachary Young. Introducing our third man to the ring, the referee in charge of this bout, Harvey Doc. All right, fans, here we go. 10 rounds of boxing scheduled in our catchweight special attraction. introducing to you first on my right, fighting out of the red corner, wearing pink trunks with blue trim, fighting out of Seattle, Washington by way of Phoenix, Arizona. He weighed in at 161 and 14 lbs with a record of 48 wins, two losses, and one draw. He has 19 wins coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, here is the battle ready former world title challenger. Introducing El Phoenix, Jose Benz Jr. and his opponent across the ring fighting out of the blue corner in this 10 round special attraction wearing white trunks with orange and green trunks fighting out of him representing his home of Houston, Texas. He weighed in at 166 and 12 lbs. He is undefeated in his campaign to the ring with a record of 32 wins, no losses, 22 wins coming by way of knockout. As a two division world champion, here is the former IBF junior middleweight champion and the current undefeated WBC middleweight champion of the world. Introducing Jeral Pitman [Applause] Charlo. Once again, here's our referee in charge now to give instructions, Harvey Doc. [Music] Okay, boxes, you received your instructions earlier. As a reminder, obey my commands at all times. Protect yourself at all times. Touch him up. Good low. Referee is Harvey Dock. 19 years pro experience, 347th professional fight for Charlo. He is 7 and0 since moving up to middleweight. He's fighting at super middleweight tonight against Jose Benas Jr. who again, his two losses have come against multi-divisional champions Terrence Crawford and Danny Garcia looking for the huge upset win here tonight. Round number one scheduled for 10. And when you look at these two men, you can see Charlo is the bigger man and we mentioned, you know, Benvitas turning pro at 140, his best days maybe at 147. Um, so we'll see if he can cope with that. And Benvdas wants to jump on Charlo, take advantage of that long layoff. But be careful Abner because despite the fact that Charlo has been on the shelf for a long time, he's 32 and0 with 22 knockouts and always extremely focused once the bell rings. Although he had his head popped back there with the right hand from Benvdas. Now you're right about that. He's got to be careful, Benvitas Junior. But again, he is if you're this stalker, that's what he does. He he will pressure you. He will have fun in there. uh even when he's hurt, he'll show you that he's not. But again, something you can't ask this man is not not to go forward, but he is going to tonight. Benvitas coming off a dominant fifth round TKO against Ladon Yanan in his last fight. Benvita's facing his third undefeated opponent in his last six fights. You know, this is very early in this fight. But here's what's good about what Jose Benvdas is doing. His punches are much straighter than when we've seen him. Am I correct, Ever? In recent fights, take his technique right in the beginning is better than we've seen. So, for whatever that's worth, his father, Jose Senior, says that he will stop Charlo in round six or seven. Just getting started here. And Charlo had a nice combination showcasing his hand speed, but great point by Al Bernstein. Sharp straight punches by Benabitas the story of the first part of round one. And right now what I'm liking also now from Charlo the jab. He he's so masterful with it. I mean we've seen him knock knock knock down opponents with the jab alone. So you know he's got a powerful left hand that he hooked it again and that that's something he wants to continue to do in this fight. Yeah, you're right. When you think of power punches, you think of the hooks, the crosses, but on more than one occasion, Mr. Charlo has dropped opponents with the jab. Nice combination to the body by Charlo. The hand speed is there. And the other thing about Jamal Charlo, he gives you variety with the jab. We just saw him do it to the body. Uh he sometimes he does use it as a pawing mechanism on the ropes and Charlie coming off the ropes with bad intentions backing Benvitas up. Under 30 seconds left in the first round. Benvitas has been down once. That was in the loss to Terrence Crawford back in October 2018. Lead left hook left uppercut for Charlo. Just takes one clean shot to change the momentum. Benvidas was on him, but he ate that right hand and Charlo's the one putting the pressure now. Listen for the [Applause] belt time. Well, big moment in round one as Benvdas was attacking, Charlo turned things around with that straight right hand and added the left hook and had him in some trouble. Let's take a look at what these men want to try and do in this fight to gain a victory for Charlo. Control the distance so Benvidas doesn't get in close. The jab, he's already done that and then some. And the uppercut is always a big weapon for him that could be there. As for Jose Benz early take a shot in my opinion that's what he tried to do but it didn't go well for him crowded has to be on the inside where he's not going to be at long range and the body Benovitz is a very very good body hang back up back up the bell in round two told us that he is going to treat Benavidas like a little bull and walk him into shots to get him out of there. Nice three punch combination all with the left hand to the body, the head and then the hook. Abner. Yeah. No, and he and Charlotte just showed us that he was going to do that and he did it with that right hand. Here comes Benz and K through victories like you said Mo. I mean Al, you got to be in there. You got to take chances and he's doing it right now. And he got in close enough so that Charles with a a long jab or a right hand. You have to fight low. There is the jab of Charlo. Yeah, if you're Benas, you got to fight low. You got to fight small. You can't pull back. When he got hit with the straight right hand is because he pulled straight back. Smart strategy by Charlo. Continues to attack the body with the jab. There's a straight right hand by Benvdas. Good jab by Charlo. Benvitas puts together a combination, but then gets rattled by that right uppercut on the inside by Charlo. And another stiff jab from Charlo. Oh, Benz comes back. Great fight. Wow. Both having their moments. It seems like yes, Charlo has a lot more power because it's only one or two shots, but he does harm Benz. Man, that trap. It is a solid jab from Jamal Charlo. [Music] And he's been able to land the jab through the peekaboo guard of Benvdas. Minute and a half left in the second. Jamal Charlo is just a very well schooled fighter. You know, he knows things right. Yeah, Ronnie Shield's a great trainer and and he went to work with Roy Jones Jr. and give Ronnie Shields credit for letting him go over there. He's the one who introduced that brought them together. Gains allows Roy Jones Jr. big right another right hand from Meditas and more so than just boxing. He wanted Charlo to spend some time with Roy Joyce Jr. talking about life, helping him with his mental health issues, going doing things like fishing and just really getting him in a a good headsp space to make his return to professional prize fighting. Yeah. And boxing is is way more than just the physicality, more than just getting ready. It's it's a mental game. Cliche, right? 90% mental. It is 100%. And that's why he took that trip. You know, you got to clear your mind and be in the head and straight head. But, you know, right now Charlo showing us, you know, the the old Charlo going back to that jab, looking for the power shots and that uppercut. I mean, it's there. It's it's just a moment matter of time. Less than half a minute remaining here in the second [Applause] again. The right uppercut. That one to the body by Charlovitz looks to establish the jab. Beats the jab from Charlo. Charlo's already landed 23 jabs. [Applause] Time good. Doing good. Doing good. Just keep touching the dude like that right in front of you. Look, keep touching him behind the jab. Just keep taking your time. If you want to throw that fantastic, let him do it. That's okay. You just keep catching and fire back. So, Benovine is getting in the range where he can do some good. He's off fighting off his chest, landing good body punches. Mixes in a nice right hand, and that's where he is not susceptible to a lot of those char punches. But here we see Charo doing it work even from the inside. We said the uppercut was one of the keys in this fight and he got it going there and then he would rip another one. I mean that is both he and his brother Deral they throw that punch as well as anybody in boxing and I was looking for timing and I think the timing is there for for Charlie. Speaking of Charlo's brother of course fell short in challenging Canelo fight that this Charlo was supposed to have and in many ways fighting for the family reputation in his return here tonight as Benvdas backs him up and Benvdas unloading on Charlo. Charlotte fires back a right uppercut but Benvdz having success with his combinations. And that's how you want to finish off your combinations like Benvidas did after he was done. Boom. He finishes off with the body shot. You want to continue to do that. I'm going to say that already in recent fights when we had him against Danny Garcia, even against Torres when he came back and had a a draw that might not have been a draw. This is by far the best performance of of Benovitz. And there's the power punches, you know, edge for Charlo for sure. And he has landed 43%. But, you know, uh, Benvdas has gotten a few in. No, you were so right. I mean, Benvdas Jr. would always look for, you know, looping shots against Garcia. And in this fight, he's just combinations, beautiful straight punches. And again, finishing finishing to the body. Yeah, it's a different look. And it's the right jab from Charlo going upstairs and downstairs. There's the combination from Charlo. Left hook to the body by Benvdas. Nice left hook curled around the guard by Charlo. avoids that sweeping left from Benvita Sancho puts together the textbook one two through the guard and again splits the guard with a sharp jab and it's those moments that Benvitas Junior gives Junior by standing just in front of him he can't do that keep it clean fight small low there you go get the inside yeah landed 31% of his jabs in this fight and that's a really good percentage and it's the placement of the chance. Mhm. Under a minute left in round three scheduled for 10. And a contract wait right to the body by Charlo. Goes back from the right hand of Benvdas. And Charlo again establishing the jab. Oh, right cross clipping Benvitas again. Standing right in front of Charlovdas Jr. He has to move that header or step in. Yeah, there you go. Step inside. And also not a lot of head movement period from Benvdas. So they're not getting low as you pointed out. That's the key. Continues to the steady diet to jab. Sorry, Abner. And Benvdas trying to close the distance and that's really at his best. He Benvdas will stalk his opposition from the smart distance looking for openings and has had some success against Charlo. Charlo putting together the combinations to close up round three. Oh, and then got clipped with the left over and going. Hey, who knew this was going to be [Applause] such elbow? Breathe nice and deep. You need to move the head much more. Much more. Just a little. And keep moving your waist too. Keep your hands up. I'm going to work. Okay. But I don't know. Start hitting the body. Okay. Early on in the round, uh, Venova's had a good moment here. He's going to use the jab and the straight right hand. And and that right hand gets in. And again, throwing his punches straighter and gripping to the body, which is what Benvidas likes to do. Then Jamal Charo coming back and throwing a sudden body punch. He's a very good body puncher. And then this was that right hand that honestly I'm surprised Ben if he just didn't go down or from it or be much more hurt than he was. He took it like a champ. Yeah, he did. And the and and at the end of the round that was fun to watch. There's that quick right hand by Charlo again going to the body with the jab and utilizing the pull back counter. Yeah, it be that you got to commit. You got to go in the inside. You can't stay that stay at that range as Charlo's range. You're going to get you're going to keep getting clipped with the right hand, especially with the hands down. So, we're very early in this fight. We're only in the fourth round and you know, it's been fun to watch. Here's the question. So, Jamal Benovitz is still here and hanging in fairly well and taking power shots. If he gets this into the later rounds, this is a 10 round fight and Jamal Chara came in at, you know, once three lbs over even the weight. Is he ready to go rounds? You want an answer now or do we wait? I think we're going to wait and see. I'm thinking for opposing the question. Hey, man. A good question. It is. But look at that. Great hand speed by Charlo. And again, the eyes say it all after the vision. There it is again. Beautiful use of the jab, attacking the body and then going upstairs as a paintbrush. Wow. If there's something that amazes me about Charlo is that he's so focused when he fights. He's so focused. I mean, look, his eyes are locked. He knows what he's doing. He's looking for flaws. He's looking for Ben's mistakes. And he's doing the right things right now. When you consider the chaos that has been his personal life to when he this is his safe space, believe it or not, the boxing ring. No, that's a really good point, Marl. No, seriously, you got to put that you got to leave that outside. Beautiful uppercut. Yeah, but by Charlo there. And there's a left hook, left uppercut. And now the hand speed and the combinations beginning to break down Benovitas. The miracle is that Ben hasn't gone down. He's been hit with some big just the one time in his career as we mentioned when he challenged them. Welterweight champion Terrence Crawford in October 2018 was knocked out in the 12th to end the final round. But here in round four, tasting the power of Jeral Charlo. It only takes one shot, guys. It kind of reminds me of when uh Danny Garcia fought uh Brandon Rios. He was taking all those shots and it won. He went down. You can't take those shots, man. And Charlo just ate the jab from Benvdas. [Music] Quick. Quick. Step back. Step back. Good. Good. Stop. Bell. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Hey, that's the last time. All right. Hey, last time. last time. I was scared. I was scared. Wait, they don't hit last time. Well, is that the big R? We go back and look at some of the amazing work that Jamal Charles did in the last round. He's landing 40% of his power punches in this match, which is everything other than the jab. And that left hook was a beauty. And he is a very good counter combination puncher when he gets things going. And the when you look at this combination both put both of them put together a great diversified amount uh punching by him and it all starts with the jab jab body shot uppercut with that same left. Wow. Benvdas is very fortunate that he did have point taken away or even more, but he did get the hard warning from referee Harvey Dock for that extracurricular activity as we begin round five. Double left hook by Charlo. Beautiful left from Charlo and he's really putting the jab to work now as Benz goes downstairs. Hands are free. It's interesting. A warning was given to Jamal Chara about Harvey Dock. Don't you retaliate because of what Benitas did. So he's trying to prevent issues from happening and there's a low blow by Benvdas. Those are tactics. I mean some you go get away with them and he did right there. But, you know, those are really, you know, it's not smart, but you know, the right tactic sometimes for a veteran like Benvas. Yeah. If you're if you're Benvdas, you let's face it, you're a monstrous underdog in this fight. You want to do whatever you can to make something happen for yourself. Begins and ends with the well educated jab of Jamal Charlor. It's becoming more and more key in this fight. 34% of them have landed. That's a very big percentage for jab. Hands are free. Definitely was keeping Benvdas Jr. at range. Charlo jab left and when he gets the opportunity, there it is, Charlie. He worked out that that right as an uppercut or hook midway through the fifth round. Right uppercut on the inside, overhand right by [Music] Benitz. Benitas going to the body. Charlie doing the same. Oh, left uppercut by Charlie. Domination from Benitz. Oh, they're digging away as Charlo Benas firing back. [Applause] The left hands of Charlo, the left hand of Benas. The lefts have been prominent tonight, Mr. Montez. And a little chopping right from Benovitz. Who thought we'd have those kind of sequences in this fight? That was fun. as two guys are right with their left hands. Brian Kuster and I approve of all that is happening here tonight. Just over 30 seconds left in the first half of this 10 round special attraction. The return of Jamal Charlo taking on the always gutsy Jose Benitz Jr. I got to admit this is the best I've seen Benvdas. Yes, by far since he's come back and standing up to a big man. Say that. Yes. Yeah, taking these clean shots and still firing back. Yeah, it's amazing. We've reached the midway point of this fight between the undefeated Jamal Charlo and Jose Benas Jr. [Applause] So let's watch this irregular speed that that great exchange that Benvdas and Charlo had to see, you know, in the corner where Benvdas had, you know, the right range for him and both men were landing really good punches. I mean, both men ripping good shots, nice uppercuts for Benovitz. Good combinations. And then Char coming back and and fighting off the ropes for both the body and the head. I mean that's that's a kind of exchanges we weren't sure we're going to take place in this fight. And Jello grouping [Music] downstairs. Everything is good. How we feeling? Okay. Everything is look everything is looking good. Keep your hands up. Keep your head moving. Okay. Everything is good. Check them. Keep those punches up. And we begin the second half of this scheduled 10 round of traction. Jamal Charlo, he is in the white with orange and green trim trunks. Jose Benovitz Jr. is in the pink and blue. You know, this is a fight in which Jamal Charlo is performing well. He is dominating the fight for the most part and yet it's a good fight and a fun one to watch because José Benvdas is doing enough to make it a good fight. Is he doing enough to be ahead on Steve Farhood's unofficial scorecard? Let's find out. The answer to that is no. Mo Charlo just size does matter and Charlo is landing the more forceful shots and his jab is really winning him some of these rounds by itself and Avid is certainly landing his share of punches. I thought that he could have won round one or even round three but Charlo has since taken control largely with the jab. He's the bigger guy and it's showing. Yeah, I think you Steve's right. I mean you no question Charlo is winning more rounds and be this is always game. Like you said he's going to be there. He's going to give you a good fight. And this is the second half of the fight. You talked about Charlo perhaps get only having three wings. Oh, right hand by Charlo, but that jab of Charlo doing damage and it's showing in Benita's face now. Nice body shot by Charlo with the jab again. Goes to the body with the jab. Midway through round six. And Abner made this point earlier. Look how tall Benvitas is fighting. He He can't He has to be low and he's not. Yeah, he's got to fight low. He's got to get in the get in the inside, work the body. But again, easier set than the jab from Charlo just keeping him that distance and invest the body. Break down Charlo. He hasn't been in the ring in a while. Oh, three punch combination. Benitas eating some nasty shots. Less than a minute left in the sixth. There's a left hookie. He actually threw one before. Benefit is tried to get that left hook in and he actually has a good one to the body, but you hardly do on a consistent basis. Another multi-punch combination for Charlo. Oh, right uppercut right on the jaw. Benvitas walking forward. Incredible ability. Great punch resistance from Jose Benas Jr. How did he take? I don't know. Really welltimed uppercut, right uppercut from Charlo. The jab, the bludgeoning jab from Charlo. Really, the only thing missing from this performance is not having a knockdown or a knockout for Char. And Benitas continues to fire back. And the right hand puck, Charlo. Hey, lost one. You had two in that round. Let's go, man. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like the way you work it. Well, the uppercut, we talked about it early on and it's in the keys and everything, you know, overhand right by by Charlo. Um, and then and then here here's the uppercut that pops in uh to the head of Benitas and you know that's been a punch that he's utilized as he has everything then cranks up the left hook. Yeah, he walked into that uppercut Benvdas and he took it up. You going to see the uppercut behind there. All right, combination keep controlling with the jab. That's the whole key to it. All right, second. Trainer Ronnie Shields likes the way Charlo works it. No diggity, no doubt. As we begin the next round here, number seven schedule 410 and it's all about the JAB for Jamal Jar. And he's putting together these beautiful combinations behind it. the jab is setting that up and then he's he's adding to it and embroidering on it. And uh you from a technique standpoint, it's been a very solid performance. And it's the toughness of Benas that has kept him in here in the fight, you know, just being upright. And and for the time that he's been out, Charlie, this is the type of fight you needed. Yeah. Uh, you know, we talked about the jabs landing 35% and throwing 220 230 now for Charle. That, you know, very, very impressive. And it's not just a well educated jab. It is a very hard jab at Yeah, super hard jab. Again, like M Matias, like it it seemed like it doesn't hurt you, but it does. It has so much power. He will knock you down with a jab, Charlo. And I I'm going to throw in this cautionary note. Jose Benovitz is not an upper echelon fighter and he's fighting way out of his weight class. So you have to put that caveat there. But from a technique standpoint, everything Jamal Charles is doing is correct. Stop. Keep up. That's the last one. Last one. You got to keep him up. Okay. I think I've heard referee Harvey Do say that's the last one a few times. I think it was the last warning on a couple different things. Yeah, cuz he followed him to the corner. Yeah, there's a jab from Benas. [Applause] Hot shoting though, and he's met with a rapid fire combination, including a shoe shine to the body from Charlo. Just over a minute left here in the seventh. Yeah, Benvitas Jr. jabbed well, but he stayed right in front of Charlo. Again, you got to move, work your way in the inside. Uh, get in and close. Work the body uppercuts. What works for you for Benedas volume punching, uppercuts, body shots, but not standing right in front of Charlie. [Music] 30 seconds left here in the seventh. Stanza jab from Benitas. Counter right hand upstairs by Charlo connected and then the jab of Charlo stops Benvitas in his tracks. Well, momentarily that is. [Applause] And it's someone who well put Showtime on an even bigger map when he came to Showtime 2013 Floyd Money Mayweather the Hall of Famer responsible for the biggest pay-per-view buys in the sport. Manny Pacquiao, Conor McGregor, all on Showtime pay-per-view. And how about those memorable matches with Marcos Maidana that we had, which was so exciting. Those were fun. Well, speaking of fun, round number eight between Jamal Charlo and Jose Benvdas Jr. And you know, Charlo, who is not a violent puncher, he's averaging 60 punches per round, which for him is a lot of punches in fights. Yeah. He's normally known for punching. Yeah. Economical uppercut here. Double triple jab, right hand. But right, you know, he's got he gets the opportunity. Benovitz standing right in front of him. He let those punches go and he's looking really good. Right. And part of it is Benvid being a stationary target helps him, but he still has to throw the punches. Right. Right. Of course. And the power punches, he's landing 45% of everything other than a jab, and that's a a very good percentage. Oh, one two by Charlo finds the target. So, we learned something already here tonight that Jose Benz, you know, even against bigger men at a higher weight, still has an iron chin. [Music] Three punch combination by Charlo. Now, what you don't want to have happen here, if you're Benovitz and his dad, is him in these later rounds taking monstrous shots at this point that maybe he doesn't need to take. We'll see how it goes. Nice opportunity and a segue because speaking of monsters, his younger brother, the monster, David Benvdas, will put his undefeated record on the line against another unbeaten fighter, Demetrius Andrade, at 168 lbs. The main event, the ultimate Clash of Styles to close out Showtime final boxing pay-per-view. Smoothly done over. I'm known for the smooth segways once in a blue moon. Just over a minute left here in the eighth. Hey, you should listen to the blog. I got a lot of smooth segways on that podcast. Under a minute left in the eighth here as we continue with Charlo and Benvitas standing in front of each other and Benvitas square up. Yeah, he's walking into he's in the danger zone. The jab right hand from Charlosak. Hands are free. 30 seconds left in the eighth. Sharp jab through the guard again. You know, part of what for Charlo, he knows Benas probably can't hurt him at this juncture and smaller man coming up. So, he's able to sustain, take even take whatever chances he wants. Uh even though, you know, he might get hit with the shot here and there, they're not going to hurt him. Stop the bell. [Applause] And there is Caleb Plant in attendance. The former 168-lb belt holder who may have shown Demetrius a bit of the puzzle to solve Benvitas especially in the first six rounds. That mobility, that boxing gave Benvita some problems. And here Benvitas, the other Benvas looking to give Charles some problems. Hey, he keeps trying in this fight. And and you know, it's not just he's surviving, he's trying offensively. Yeah, well said. It's not just him with, you know, reacting or, you know, just wanting to show. No, he's trying. He wants to win. And this guy, you know, he's excited to watch Benvitas. But again, it's the power, the size from Charlo just too much. That's a 10 11 12 punch combination from Jamal Charlo. It's effective and it is efficient. The jab continues to lead the way for Jamal Charlo. Looking to exercise all those personal demons and try to get all of that rust off after 29 months away. And in fact, that last fight in June 2021 against Juan Mas Montiel. According to show stats, the numbers the best numbers offensively for Charloss, he just got hit with a right and a left from Benvdas. Wow. Left hook, left uppercut. Beautifully done. Yeah, that's a combination that when it's done effectively, it's really special. Chance of Jose. Well, this is a benevas man. It's a family affair tonight. They booed when Andrea was on the screen. Fighting left hook by Charlotte Benavas continues to move forward. But again, like I said, it only takes one shot and if landed so many, but again, oh my lord. Yeah, those numbers uh head shots landed uh astonishing uh margin for Jamal Charlo. Final 60 seconds of the ninth. And the other thing is when you think that he is clearly the bigger man, the harder puncher, and yet Jose Beniz has somehow persevered through that. Charles just he's a very creative fighter when he is throwing these combinations. It's just a very creative inring fighter. [Applause] And Charlo beginning to pull away statistically. And there it is again. Just artistry. Pure artistry. Beautiful jab uppercut. He turned it in the air like that's amazing. That's not easy to do. [Applause] There's no quit in Jose Benas Jr., that's for sure. [Applause] Kind of a a check jab, you know, a counter jab by Charlo, you know, and then here's the combinations, creative combinations that that that hook uppercut is, you know, part of what he's done. And this is a very efficient and sound performance by Jamal. You're a warrior. You're a warrior. Go for it. Go for it for this round. He's falling in. All right. He's falling in for it. You going to see it. All right. Second job. Come here, Chan. Chan, come here. Come [Applause] here. Touch up. Touch up. Touch up. Touch up. Touch up, baby. Let's go box. A lot of acromoting leading into this fight. And grudgingly, they touch for the 10th and final round. The return of Jamal Charlo after being on the sidelines for 29 months. A contractweight fight against Joseé Benvdas Jr., the older brother of David Benovas who headlines tonight's pay-per-view against Demetrius Andred. According to our unofficial score, Steve Farhood, he has Jamal Charlo up by seven. This is going to be a really [Applause] benev. He's got to be careful though. You don't want to walk into something because Charlie Charlo is sneaky like we talked. You might get that uppercut in and you want and if you're going to be this, you want to finish this fight on your feet and you know to show the crowd that you know game was a really good fight. I got to be honest. This is just a personal thing. Darby dos a terrific referee. I don't know why he had to get in there and tell go fight. Don't talk. They can talk if they want. Why not? Who cares? Hey, makes our job. Yeah, they can joke with each other. What's the difference? Stop. Stop. I say keep it clean. Don't hit him behind his head. Let's go. [Applause] They have combined to throw over 1,000 punches. 577 of those punches have been thrown by Jamal Charlo. Huge edge in total punches landed as we see on the screen. Albert. Yeah. And there they are, you know, landing 39% of all his punches. When you're around 40% of your all your punches, forget just power or whatever. That's pretty impressive. And I don't think we expected to see those kinds of numbers of of volume uh in a fight like this, especially in the comeback fight for for Charlie. I thought he was going to box a little bit more, pick a shot, but beautiful combinations. And T for Benov is adding to that total by throwing 400 some punches himself. So he's not completely inactive. 45 seconds left and Charlie looking to close the show as Benas backed up on the he finally really hurt him. Keep it. Hey. Hey. Can you tell they don't like each other? They really don't. After 29 months away, Jamal Charo has the first fight out of the way. Goes 10 rounds with Jose Benz Jr. [Applause] [Music] Very very solid performance by Jamal Charlo. Some of it due to the who he was facing, but nonetheless he performed exceptionally well. And when you look at the numbers like this, you know, 46% of your power punches landed, 40% of all punches and through, you know, Benvdas is a much more likely fighter to go to the body a lot. Charo went to the body more than him and was more effective. So very, very impressive performance. Yeah, coming into this fight, there was the criticism that he should go to the body more. Well, he did that here tonight. So, let's go to Jimmy Lennon Jr. Ladies and gentlemen, after 10 rounds of action, we have a unanimous decision. Here are the score totals. Judge at ringside, Zachary Young scores the action 98 to 92. Dave Moretti sees it 99- 91 and Max Duca scores the contest 100- 90. All three in favor of the winner by unanimous decision, Jeral Hitman Charlo 33.