Kind: captions Language: en really look to the prop market for this one in terms of the best value. Charlo by KO at minus 125 seems like decent value. We know he has 22 KOs in 33 fights at nine straight wins including a career best fouright knockout streak. He's got a rebuilt body, a reborn mindset against Charlo. It's not just another fight. He's here yet another lengthy layoff. Charlo moves up to 168 lbs. Still unbeaten, Brian, but with everything to prove. Punches right here are not considered low. Punches right here are not considered low. Touch him up. Good luck. Lamont Cornflake himself as a regional promoter. But this is the biggest fight of his career. Let's see what the kid can do. Charlo reuniting with his first amateur trainer, Highland Williams, senior. Right hand that lands. And there's the bedroom trying to pull it over. Instead, he's dropped for the fifth time in his career. Five, six, seven, eight. Walk over to me. Ready to go. Play on how the knockdown happened. The st jab, the perfect timing of the right hand. One right hand. He misses with the hook there, but he follows up with the overhand ride. Charlo, a fighter that been that has been out for a year and a half and showing no ring rush whatsoever. Beautiful overhand ride by Charlo, right to echo what Abner said earlier about the twin brothers, the Charlo twins reuniting. They've always been each other's biggest fan in a lot of ways, but they can be rivals. They can push each other's buttons. It's heartwarming to see the love rekindle between them knowing that they're both on the comeback trail. Buckle did not go down but was hurt by that shot from Charlo. 15 seconds left here in the fourth frame. Canvas after the left. It didn't seem like it did. It buckled him definitely. Oh no. And so far has landed twice as many jabs as Ramana has landed punches. down for the third time. No, three knock back. He's frustrated using his feet to try to avoid the attack. He needs to get off the ropes. Lateral movement. The ever patient Charlo continues to just measure Lammana. Oh, right hand by Lana. Brings out a smile from Charle. Taking a look at Thomas Lammano. That's a heck of a shirt on the ringside. Doctor, where's Shogusen? Listen, doctor recommendation. We're stopping the fight. Get the out of here. He is the winner by way of technical knockout. And still undefeated, Jamal Hitman Charlo. [Applause] and