Kind: captions Language: en Let's go to the tail of the tape, Al. Well, for Dennis Hogan, one of the big issues is going to be trying to deal with the height and reach advantage of Jamal Charlo. Now, this is nothing new for Dennis Hogan, but it's going to be an issue for him, and he's going to have to try and do it using the darting style that Paulie talked about earlier in her show, breaking the rhythm of Charlo. And the rules for the main event, no standing eight count, no three knockdown rule. The referee or doctor can stop the fight. A fighter cannot be saved by the bell in any round. If an accidental foul or headbutt causes a fight to end within four rounds, it's a no decision. After four rounds, they go to the scorecards for a technical decision. All right, for the main event ring introductions, here once again, the ineitable Jimmy Lennon Jr. [Applause] Ladies and gentlemen, we welcome you to Barclay Center here in Brooklyn as Premier Boxing Champions presents the featured bout of the evening brought to you by Lionsonly Promotions, TGB Promotions, DDP Sports, and Showtime. Sponsored by MGM Resorts and Brooklyn Boxing. We are sanctioned by the WBC. The president, Mauricio Sullean, the supervisor is Alberto Leon. Introducing our three judges scoring this bout from ringside. From the UK, Mark L from New York, John McKay, and from Connecticut, Don Trella. Introducing our third man to the ring, the referee in charge of this bout, Charlie Fitch. All right, fans. Here we go with the main event of the evening. 12 rounds of boxing for the WBC Middleweight Championship of the World. And now, ladies and gentlemen in attendance and boxing fans joining us around the world, live from Barklay Center in Brooklyn, it's showtime. Introducing to you first the challenger fighting out of the red corner wearing white trunks with green trim fighting out of Brisbane, Australia by way of Kill Dare Ireland. He weighed in at a ready 158 and 12 lbs. His record stands at 28 wins, two losses, and one draw with seven of his wins coming by way of knockout. Tonight in his second world title appearance, please welcome the WBC number five world ranked middleweight contender. Introducing Dennis Hurricane Hogan. Across the ring, the defending world champion fighting out of the blue corner. Entering the ring wearing red, white, and blue trunks and fighting out of his home of Houston, Texas, he weighed in at 159 and 3/4 pounds, he is undefeated in his campaign to the ring with a record of 29 wins, no losses with 21 big wins coming by way of knockout as a two division world champion. Ladies and gentlemen, here is the former IBF Junior Middleweight World Champion and the current hard-hitting, defending, and reigning WBC middleweight champion of the world. Introducing the undefeated Jer. [Applause] And once again, here's our referee in charge. Now to give instructions, Charlie Fitch. Good evening, Dennis. Good evening, Jamal. Gentlemen, you both know the rules. Obey my commands and protect yourself at all times. Please touch gloves now. Come out fighting at the bell. 12 rounds or less for Jamal Charlo's 160 lb title. Charlo undefeated at 29 and0 with 21 knockouts. Dennis Hogan 28 2-1 with just seven KOs. But what Hogan lacks in power, he makes up for in grit, determination, hustle, and hunger. And here we go with Hogan the challenger in the white with green trunks. Charlo in the red, white, and blue. Ronnie Shields and Jamal Charles said they would like to up the volume of his punches a little bit. He averages 47 punches per round and they feel like they want a little bit more. So, we'll see if he's more active. Charlo received extra motivation last month with the birth of his fifth child, his daughter Journey. ended. What a journey it has been for Jamal Charlo at 29, undefeated, was a belt holder at 154, now a titleist at 160 lbs. And out of those 21 knockouts, Al, he's shown that he can blow out opponents with a force of Dizzy Gillespie. He's Yes, indeed. He has got uh tremendous power uh in that right hand especially and uh he's just a very powerful puncher. Speaking I told you I would do it out. Speaking of jazz people, last night I saw Art Turo Sandival, the great trumpeter. And you know the analogy is to Dennis Hogan. He is like a jazz artist in the way he attacks. He never comes at you exactly the same way. He comes at in different patterns. He'll get in, get out, and even he doesn't know exactly how he's going to do it. So he he's really like jazz artists making it up as he goes along. And I'll follow your point. You know, this is why Ronnie Shield's instructions to be more active for Jamal Charlo can be a bit difficult tonight because Hogan changes range and changes distance so often and so well that you have to almost have a patient approach to try to find your range with so it's going to affect your output. And it was no less an authority than Hall of Famer George Foreman who said that boxing at his best is like jazz music. Yeah, it's true. And here we have Hogan with a good contingent of fans who made the trip again. He was born raised in Ireland but now lives in Australia. Charlo who had a successful homecoming against Brandon Adams in his last fight. Just ate a left hook from Hogan with less than a minute left here in the first round. You know Charlo try to counter left as he was coming in. One of the things we're going to look for is how well Charlo can counter Hogan when he does make those four A's inside. Uh which he will do constantly but not stay in the pocket. And that's the thing about again trying to time him is difficult because of the the way you mentioned earlier he comes in and enters the pocket in different ways. That left hook by Hogan was probably the best punch of the round so far. Yes. Yeah, I agree. Hogan went upstairs along the ropes with that chopping right under 30 seconds left here in the opening round. And Hogan again just doubling up that left hand and wanting to make life miserable for the undefeated belt Charlo. And Hogan doing just that here in the first three minutes. 10 seconds to go. [Applause] Charow with the right hand. Charlo looks definitely a lot bigger than the man who once campaigned at 154 not too long ago. Al, that's for sure. Let's take a look at the keys to victory. We'll start with Jamal. Charlo wants to cut off the ring. You see the constant movement from Hogan. And I think investing in the body early in this fight, if he can do it, is really important. And I think the the right hand, which he threw a couple of big ones, but they didn't quite get there, would be a big power punch for Jamal Charlover. But look, he's trying to throw. As for Dennis Hogan using lateral movement, and we saw that during the first round and when I say go in and out, clearly it's attacking, not staying in the pocket, and then exiting. And those entrances, as Paulie pointed out, and I did, will come at many angles. Landing the overhand right. One of the ways he's going to do that is by jabbing to the body. A hard jab to the body to help set up the overhand right. Glenn Arushen in Hogan's corner. the respected Ronnie Shields in Charlo's corner. Shields had a lengthy pro career, former number one ranked super lightweight contender. And here in round two, Charlo gets backed up momentarily, but you heard Ronnie Shields in the corner imploring him to start throwing punches everywhere, targeting the body like he just did with the jab. Tell you Hogan's left hook gets really active and uh Charolo catches a lot of shots on the gloves but Hogan's finding at least a target there. Haime Mangaya landed 19% of his punches against Hogan. He's a very hard man to hit and Corbov last December landed 119 punches on Charlo. The most that any opponent has landed on Charlo according to the comp box. Now there was Charlo trying to ride uppercut. That's the punch that concerns Hogan's camp the most. And Hogan said, "That's the punch I have to stay away from." Of course, we saw him Charlo knock out uh JRock Williams with that punch. And he's going to try and land it against the shorter Hogan. But what a bounce back by Williams who is now a unified titleist at 154 lbs. And a shout out to Steven Breadman Edwards. And that uh weekly mailbag that he daily, he is fantastic at that. I learned so much from Breman. I agree. And Jayrock Williams has done a great job bouncing back to become a champion. Jamal Charlo starting to close the gap a little bit. He hasn't landed anything of note. Matter of fact, Hogan's sweeping left probably landed more often. But by Hogan and now Charlo unloading on Hogan. See him miss those two shots. Hogan is so good defensively. You know, he's just very hard to hit and he has never really seriously been hurt in his career. has been down once back in 2012. No one has ever stopped him. A minute left in the second and the atmosphere here now. A big uh cheer for Hogan. Charlo of course has his fans. So it's making for an electrifying atmosphere here as this main event heats up. Nice right hand to the body by Chara that push sideways. I think Homie just threw himself in there back. Jab by Charlo. And that jab is his calling card as well. 35 seconds left in round number two. You see Charles closed the gap just a little bit. Hogan's done well so far, but you can see Charlo slowly inching his way closer. In this round, he's been he's been consistently a little closer, which means he may be able to land some of the shots he was looking for. at six feet tall. Charlo with that height and reach advantage and Hogan of course performing well against opponents of a similar build as we are about to embark on round number three in this middleweight title fight. Let's go to Jim Gray. All right, Mororrow, thank you very much. I'm here with Sergey Dervancho and Vladimir Lick will translate for us. What do you think of what you're seeing so far, Sergey? [Music] Charlo's controlling the action. He looks like he's stronger. He should win this fight. Do you want to fight Charlo next? You just had a tough fight against Gennady Golovkin. Would you like Charlo next? Yeah, I won't fight Chara. I won't fight Gennady Golovkin. I won't fight Canela. So, you're willing to take them all on once again? Yeah. Yeah. I want him here. What do you see in Charlo that makes you think you could be effective? [Music] Yeah, I I can beat everyone with my style, with my technique. Sergey, we look forward to seeing you. Thank you for tight. Thank you. All right, moral, back to you. Thanks a lot, Jim. Sergey Deianchenko proving to be a tough out at 160 lbs and he is scouting this match closely as Jamal Charlo defending his 160lb belt against Dennis Hogan. [Applause] It's hard to cut the ring off against Hogan. People have a hard time doing that. He moves one way then move the other. And he's just, you know, we made the illusion that he's not always sure where he's going. And you know, you know what it is, Al? It's not just that he's moving. He's able to punch off that movement and that's what makes a guy difficult. When a guy starts just moving, he's not effective punching. You can cut him off. You'll eventually get to him. But when a guy keeps you off balance as he's moving and punching and his has an ability to punch as he's moving, it it kind of disrupt it disrupts Hogan. It disrupts your ability to close the gap. Hogan coming to the Big Apple with plenty of confidence, telling us that he's going to paint the town green in New York tonight and tomorrow. the left hook, which Paulie pointed out before and we just saw land for Hogan. That's been a more of a weapon to him than I would have thought. What the you over? There's a left hook by Charlo and Hogan stabbing Charlo in the midsection with the jab. Minute and a half remaining in the third and Hogan continues to bring the fight to Charlo. Charlo methodical, systematic collecting that data. Just misses with a sweeping left hook. moves to the side and there's a right uppercut by the champ. You know, Charlo told us that the jab was going to be the most important weapon in this fight for him. So far, he has not been able to really be as effective, I think, with that punch as he would like. There's a right hand to the body by Charlo. Yeah, that's and that's some of that investment to the body that we talked about that would be important early. And there's there's the jab from Charlo. So, two elements uh that are important. Under a minute remaining here in the third round. Charlo and his twin brother Jer were introduced to the sport of boxing when both were eight. Both have been very successful. Of course, Jamal looking to avenge his loss to Tony Harrison later this month. There's Charlotte. Series of punches landing upstairs on Hogan. Under 30 seconds left in the third. And one of the things Charlotte can do in this fight to be effective is Yeah. is throw combinations. Those are dangerous uppercuts. Charlie. Yep. Yeah. [Applause] And Charlo picking off Hogan again with that short left hook. We are through three rounds in our main event tonight at Barclays in Brooklyn. And let's bring disappointing turn of events. We wish Matt Corb a speedy recovery. Chris Eubank Jr. is victorious in his American professional debut and he will be looking on with vested interest from his dressing room watching this title fight unfold at 160 lbs. Yeah, good point by Steve. I remember we had another fight on our air the same that ended in a similar fashion with a glo glass golf and Charles Martin a self-inflicted injury and uh it was a TKO for Charles Martin when he won the IBF heavyweight title. Oh, and there's a left uppercut that sends Hogan rolling backwards. 5 6 7 8 step to Hogan down for the second time in his career in Charlem now on a seek and destroy mission here in round number four. Sweeping left and right hand finds its target. Left hook to the body. Right uppercut by Charlo Hogan trying to regroup. avoiding that sweeping right. So Hogan now smiling at Charlo. They were worried about the uppercut with good reason. And Charlo promising that he would close the show in spectacular fashion after being forced to go the 12 round distance in both of his last two outings. And of course that knockdown came early in this round. So a lot of time for Venice. Oh, right cross clips the jaw Hogan. Char just misses with the right uppercut. Char is quick on the trigger with those uppercuts. He He knows that his distance is with them and they are coming at you sharp and fast. Jamar Charlo the hitman here in round four. Dropping Dennis Hogan just 12 seconds into the frame and sent him rolling backwards out. That was a crazy knockdown. I remember the line. He hit him so hard he starved to death. You know was not able to land those kind of power punches against Hogan and Char able to do that early in this fight. Hogan coming forward. Charlo stepping back leading with the right hand. Final minute of the fourth. The best round of the fight for Jamal Charlo. And on Hogan now trying to find a way to just settle things down using lateral movement like you allude to Al, but it's Charlo picking him off. You see Hogan able to land the occasional shot. He ended there straight right a few seconds ago, but it's not deterring Charlo's pressure. You need something a bit more consistent now if you're Hogan. You need some some sort of sharp jab or something to keep Charlo off of you if you're going to move like this. Charlo chopping right hand. Hogan again on his heels trying to back up. He's along the ropes now. He has shown good defense in the fight. Charico's shots will come from everywhere and that is kind of what's happening in this round. Right hand from Hogan. Final 10 seconds of the fourth. Dennis, he's looking quiet. He's kind of Well, for the second time in his career, Dennis Hogan sent to the canvas. They said the uppercut was what they were worried about. That's kind of a half hook, half F uppercut, but a little a little more uppercut. And Dennis Hogan shows his gymnastic abilities with that roll. Watch the timing on this. Yeah, great timing. And normally Hogan doesn't Hogan doesn't stay in the pocket very long. He didn't have to stay very long for that one. It was a great counter. Charlo got him coming. And also watch the right hand positioning of Charlo to ready to block the hook and get which was what Hogan was looking for anyway. So great position. Watch Charlie here. Watch Charo's right hand. Watch where it's going. You see that? So he's able to block the hook of Hogan while also throwing his uppercut. Great fundamentals. Great form from Charlo. and great timing. Round number five, Jamal Charlo, 56 and8 amateur record, won bronze at the 2005 Junior Olympics at age 15 under the learning tree of Ronnie Shields. And as we uh illustrated in that highlight, as Paulie Malanagi so astutely put it, showing off all of the fundamentals and showing why he is 160 lb title holder. And again pushes Hogan back with a left and another left uppercut. I'm sorry. In addition to that knockdown, uh Charlo landed a a fight high 22 punches going to show us that in round four. So he had an overall very good round in addition to the knockdown. Charlo illustrious company when it comes to notable 154 lb titlists who also won titles at 160. No less than a list of names that include should Leonard, Thomas Hearns, Roberto Duran, Miguel Cotto, Oscar De La Hoya, Felix Trinidad, Mike McCollum. So, it's a long list now. Yeah, a lot of great 154 pounders have moved up. A good left hook a moment ago by Charlo. There's Hogan landing the right, but again, he's not pushing Charlo back with that punch. But Charles shown us a good variety of punches. you know, the uppercut, the left hook. Right hand hasn't gotten there as well as he'd like straight right yet, but he'll keep trying it. Yeah, Hogan lands the occasional shots. He needs something consistent, though. And I I I think it's it's if you would have a consistent jab that will be sharp enough, he could slow down the pressure of Charlie because landing the occasional check hook and right hand as you're moving, it's good at scoring, but it's not saving your energy. A consistent jab will allow you Oh, there's a left hand that catches Hogan. Also, Charlo just misses Hogan a lot of times when when Hogan is circling to his left with that overhand right or that straight right hand. If Charlo starts throwing it behind Hogan in those moments, he'll be able to time him a little better. Hogan looking to draw inspiration from Irish boxing greats that include Hall of Famers Jimmy McLaren and Barry Mcwigan. While the current crop includes Carl Frampton and Katie Taylor as Charlo and less than a minute remaining here in the fifth continues to stock Hogan and he you can see when Hogan comes close that the bigger Charlo able to just muscle him around. You know, this has been a round in which Hogan's landed some punches, but I think it's safe to say Charlo's punches have been harder and more Oh, right hand lands for Charlo. That was settled because he put Holy out of position with the jab. There's the right hand I'm talking about. If he throws it behind Homie in those moments when Holy is spinning away, they'll be able to catch him on the end of the spin. Right. Short right to the body by Charlo as Hogan lunged in. All Jamal Charlo. 10 seconds left in the fifth frame. Hogan was down 12 seconds into round four and we are headed to round six. All right. All right. All right. Okay. Now, listen. You got him on the run. Okay. So, now what we got to start doing is going to the body on it. All right. Look, I want you to jab sometime. Jab the body. Jab the body. Okay. Jab the body. Bring it back up top. Okay. Then look, put your head over and you got to start digging the body now. Okay. All right. All right. It's going to take Well, we talked about the body work earlier and Shields wanting that kind of a wide left hook, but boy, it got right in over the right hand of Dennis Hogan by Charlo. And then later in the round, the left hand would again be important for Charlo as he lands yet another left hook. And as I pointed out, you know, it's been a good variety of punches using the jab when it's there, the left hooks, straight right hands, and now they want him to shift that attack to the body. We'll see if he can do it. The bell and round number six scheduled for 12 for Jamal Charlo's 160 lb strap. Charo describes himself as a boxer puncher, a technical fighter. Likes to use his advantages and when he has an opening, he'll take it. Not really flash. He says he's not a brawler, just a boxer puncher type fighter. And it has served him well. You know, Hogan's been busy tonight, averaging 69 punches a round. Oh, and off balance as Hogan caught Charo with a left. Averaging 69 punches a round as opposed to normally throwing around 40. So, he's been, you know, active in trying to find ways to keep Charle off him. And give Hogan credit for toughness after that knockdown coming right back in this fight. Jab to the midsection by Charlo as he listens to his trainer Ronnie Shields. Jab to the body work make that investment continuously to the torso of Dennis Hogan. Right uppercut just mentions Hogan again just smothering Char [Applause] and now Al Char Hogan leading with his head just wanting to to hold on to Charlo fight well on the inside he he doesn't want to be staying there working so the option is either to get out or hold But in that case, he held. Nice right hand lands for Charlo flipping Hogan. Yeah, when Hogan runs out of room, when he's against the ropes and he runs out of room, his typical uh he's trying he ends up trying to smother Char and close the clinch so he can get back to the middle of the ring. Sharp jab by Charlotte. Minute left in the sixth. Charles starting to hold his ground for the counters now, you know, instead of giving up more ground. He does at times, but he's you see him here and there he's starting to pick his spots to hold his ground so he can catch Hogan coming. And that you saw that that resulted in a knockdown already in this fight. Yeah. Charlo won a 154 lb title with a stoppage win of Cornelius Bundidge in 2015. made three successful defenses including that brutal knockout of the previously unbeaten Julian Williams and then moved up to 160 and now a full 160 lb titlist looking for his fifth straight win at this weight. Not only the previously undefeated Julian Williams but also now the unified lightweight world champion Williams. Charles a moment ago trying one of those counter uppercuts again. You almost get the feeling it's a matter of time before one of those lands again. It hurts Hogan. 10 seconds to the bell. [Applause] Charlo doing a good job of corelling Hogan. [Music] Good work. As I said, he hasn't got a lot left. He's got not a lot left. But we got to keep winning these battles. We got to keep stealing these rounds. We got to keep getting ahead, stealing. Don't bleed. Steal, don't bleed. Don't give any points back and keep stealing it wherever you can. You got to keep that work rate going. Faint, move, tag, in fast. Here's Dennis Hogan kind of making Charlo miss there. He wanted to attack but didn't quite get there and instead lands his counter left hand. That was just Charlo being off balance. Uh, so it wasn't that the punch uh did a lot of damage, but that's an interesting sequence because it showed Hogan trying to attack and then not completing the attack. So, it was clever by him. Some psychology maybe being performed by Glenn Rushton in Hogan's camp where he's telling Hogan that Charlo has barely anything left. Round seven. There's no law that says you have to tell the exact truth in this fight. This is the ring of truth. This is where you find out the truth about who you are and who is down for the third time in his career. 6 7 8 Walk to me. Step to me. No. And for the first time in his career, Dennis Hogan has been stopped. Jamal Charlo is 30 and0 with 22 KOs. And that's the statement we're talking about. He wants to make not get not just victories, he wants to make statement victories. One punch knockout. Jamal Charlo hit Dennis Hogan so hard he was moving like a shopping cart. And the statement was indeed made. And now Jamal Charlo will enjoy Christmas with his newborn daughter Journey as his journey remains a successful one. You know, it was an a very good performance as he basks in the adoration of this crowd who enjoyed what he did. This is Barkley Center has been a very good place for him in terms of wins obviously. And you know what I thought was impressive about the performance was the variety of punches and the fact that Charlo was able to get it done in a number of different ways against a very clever fighter who to this point had never been knocked out. Granted, he had fought at 154 a lot, but just came away from a fight with a champion at 154 in which he performed very well. So, I think the variety of punching and the way Charlo got this victory was impressive. On a week where one of the greatest middleweights of all time, Bernard Hopkins was elected to the International Boxing Hall of Fame. Here tonight, a middleweight belt told Jamal Charlo continues to add to his legacy. By the way, hats off to all the uh inductees, the elections, the electes to the International Boxing Hall of Fame. Let's go, baby. Well, Charlo has Sean, as I said, a variety of punches, and this would be the left hook. He's actually just a leadoff left hook, I think, without anything preceding it or Yeah, he he he fainted like he was going to throw a jab and then he threw the left hook. got the reaction he wanted. Not enough fighters punch off the faint. You see a lot of times fighters fainting. They're not punching off a faint. You saw a beautiful example of why it works. Also, punch instinctively right off that faint. And you get the reaction you want and you shoot right there. And Charlo actually made it work so perfectly. And then he ended up with a knockout victory off of that move. That's one of the little nuances in boxing that can easily be overlooked. But look, that move created a knock out for uh Jamal Charlo. Yeah. And and we'll get another good look at this uh at this knockout. And here you see from here, you're going to see the faint better. You see the faint, get the reaction. You see the reaction of Hogan. You see what Hogan was doing. Hogan was looking to counter what he thought was coming. You saw Hogan. You see what Hogan was doing. Hogan was looking to counter the initial shot he thought was coming from Charlo. Charlo adjusted it. And the other thing about this is that Charlo threw a nice compact left hook. Watch the reaction. He didn't make it so wide. So very impressive by Jamal. And another important point you made. They had to be short because Hogan's hook was on the way as well. The fruits of his labor. Jamal Charlo enjoys them while they still ripe as he remains 160 lb champion winding things up for the year in impressive fashion literally and and you know we talk about uh bad stoppages sometimes by referees but that's actually got to be given credit as a good stoppage there gave Hogan all this time to try to convince him that he was okay stumbled a little bit and then he finally stopped it correctly let's make it official with Jimmy Lennon Junior. [Music] Ladies and gentlemen, we have the time of 28 seconds of round number seven. A referee in charge, Charlie Fitch, stops the contest. He is the winner by way of technical knockout. And still the undefeated WBC middleweight champion of the world, Jamal Hitman Charlo. [Applause] [Music] Here's Jim Gray. All right, Mororrow. Thank you very much, Jamal. Congratulations. Thank you. back in the knockout category. That's what you wanted. First off, I want to thank God for giving me this opportunity to give me the power to to to get through this fight and get through camping. Made it through 2019 and we going into 2020 with 20 vision. Brooklyn. Yes, sir. I love Brooklyn. Yeah, we just turned this into Brooklyn, Texas. Shout out to Dennis Hogan, you know, for giving me the um, you know, real competition coming up to 160 to fight me. You know, I defended my title tonight. It was great. Just legendary. I want to thank my manager. I want to thank Al Heyman. I want to thank Showtime. I want to thank everybody that supported Lines Only. Did a great job here. Tell us about the fourth round when you hit him with that uppercut and you actually rolled him. You rolled a man here in the ring. I mean, you know, that's what we do. You know, uh, we've been working on it. Uh, you know, Ronnie was fussing at me about getting on it. You know, trying to take him out, you know, with every punch. That's what we do. We work hard for it. Look. Whoa. He turned into a ballerina. But yeah, it is what it is. You know, we get up and he fall like a champion. Uh like, you know, like a defender, I guess. You know, and here's the end of the end of the fight. Jamal, yeah, tell us what was going on. Ronnie told me cut him off and, you know, I just threw the shot. I made sure that I landed right on the money and um I mean, look, he threw a shot back. He, you know, he was in in the middle of action, but of course, my power prevailed tonight. And uh Lions only. We 30 and0. I told you number 30 it was going down like this and it did. So now we all look forward. You already talked about 2020. Uh Sergey sitting out there. You got Mr. Chris Eubanks who fought before. What what would you like to do and what what's in your thought process? Man, the middleweight division is wide open. Um I'm the I'm the WBC middleweight champion. I'm going to go enjoy this and I'm going to spend time with my team. you know, uh we'll get back to the drawing board and uh like I said, I I it come with it, you know. I'm shoot I'm here to fight whoever, you know, but you know, you going you have to make the right decisions and you know, do it at the right time. comments. So that's what it's all