Kind: captions Language: en with a lightweight title defense by Jervante Davis against current junior lightweight titleist Lamont Roach Jr. We get the action here on the prelims on Prime Video underway in the same lightweight division. Couple of undefeated fighters but whose career trajectories seem to be going in opposite directions. Derek Davis duels with Jamal Johnson. We are scheduled for four rounds. Let's go inside the ring now. The official introductions. Here's ring announcer Miguel Flores. Ladies and gentlemen, good evening and welcome to Bararklay Center here in Brooklyn, New York as Premier Boxing Champions presents the Prime Video Prelimins. It is all brought to you by GTD Promotions and TGB Promotions, sponsored by DraftKings Sportsbook. The crown is yours. Our three judges ringside are Tony Palo, Robert Perez, and Wlesco Raldan. The referee in charge of the action is Ricky Gonzalez. And now, Premier Boxing Champions present four rounds in the lightweight division. Introducing first in the red corner, wearing the black and red trunks. He weighed in at 140.8 lbs. His record stands two victories including one win by knockout, no defeats. Representing Baltimore, Maryland, here is Jamal Johnson. Hungry dog. Let's go, baby. Let's go, hungry dog. And now introducing his opponent across the ring and the blue corner wearing the white and blue trunks. He weighed in at 138.2 lbs. His record stands a perfect one, five victories. All five victories by knockout, no defeats. Representing Fort Washington, Maryland, here is the young star, Derek Scooter Davis. [Applause] Mask off. See his future is brighter. See what I did. It's a hip-hop man. What can I say? Gentlemen, you received your instructions in the dressing room. I expect a good, clean fight. Protect yourselves at all times. Obey my commands at all times. Touch them up. Referee is Ricky Gonzalez. We are just getting started here at Barlay Center in Brooklyn. And we begin in the 135 lb weight class. Derek Scooter Davis, just 20 years of age. Already the Looney's favorite fighter cuz he's 5-0 with 5 KOs. He takes on Jamal Johnson who turns 33 on March 20th. And despite the age, he's just 2 and 0 with one knockout. And in fact, uh he's coming off a 1-year, 11 month, and 5day layoff hoping to derail the hype train that is Scooter Davis. And if, uh, the man known as Scooter, has the same kind of performance that the other Scooter, Steven Fulton, had recently, it's going to be a great night at the office for Mr. Davis. No doubt about it. Mo, a redemptive night for the great Steven Fulton Jr. last time out here on PBC on Prime. Let's see what Derek Davis can do. definitely already starting fast with that jab. Davis, the first of two Davis's defending uh their records here tonight, undefeated records because Derek Davis spent a lot of time at Headbangers Boxing Gym in Washington DC as he bangs away on Johnson and Jervante Davis. He did his training camp for this fight against Lamont Roach later tonight at the gym with new chief second Barry Hunter. Calvin Ford, his mentor, his father figure, the man who led him to all those championships still in the corner. But what do you make of the switch, BC? Well, much to do in some cases about nothing because Hunter has been a consultant in Davis's corner before. And speaking of hunting, Davis looking for the knockout early and he drops Johnson here in round number one. time. Let's go. Watch this. Watch this. Davis 5 and0 with four first round knockouts. looking for his fifth here. Referee calling Well, this is giving Johnson a lot of time to recover, guys. Yeah, really a lot of time, but you know that Davis is going to jump on him right away like he did in this first round. And you have to against Johnson, a fighter that hasn't fought in so long, not active. You're young, you want to go out there and look and get the kill. But look at to Johnson biting down on that gum shield that was just rinsed and trying to fight back, but got buckled again. The power of Davis on display and those uppercuts on display. It's all Derek Scooter Daniels here in round one. Down goes Johnson again. Your right hand. [Applause] The fight is over. Derek Scooter Davis. 6 and0. Six knockouts, five in the first round. He was quick. He was powerful. He was efficient. Circle this name on the bout sheet. Abner young fighter to watch moving forward. Hey Abner, two months ago you would have asked me who's the best Davis in the lightweight division. Automatically Jervante. Now with Keshan Davis having his star making turn and now here's a youngster Derek Davis. There's a a lot of Davis business and what a lot of Davis and a lot of similarities. Speaking of explosiveness, my god, he started really quick, really fast, and he got the job done like he was supposed to. Yeah, he still got the energy. Of course, that charisma in the young fighter. Dripping in finesse, dripping in charisma. Derek Scooter Davis. He appears to be ready for his closeup. Where I come from, Mo, if you've got a shark tattooed on your midrift, you're ready for the deep waters. had a tremendous amateur career and again out of the nation's capital working with the likes of the highly respected Barry Hunter. And again, it's cliche because it's true. Iron sharpens iron when you're in a gym with uh sharks. The shark tank is the is the headbangers boxing gym. And let's see how this fight ended. The first knockdown here. Beautiful right hand with the uppercut. He heard him already with that uppercut. Followed it up again with beautiful combination body shots just for a barrage of punches. Right hand uppercut. Uppercut again. Again, he he had him hurt and he went for the kill. See that mouthpiece come flying out of the mouth of Johnson. It was those uppercuts. And there's the second knockdown. We're looking at left hand after left hand. body work, uppercut, and this is just it. Johnson just taking too many punishment. Well, Derek Davis doing his best impression of Gervante Tanka Davis, who he was able to monitor and uh and sit under that learning tree. There is Barry Hunter. And let's make it official now with Miguel Flores. Ladies and gentlemen, the end comes at 1 minute and 56 seconds of round number one as referee Ricky Gonzalez calls a stop to this contest for your winner by TKO and still undefeated Derek Scooter Davis. Scooter already riding high on the hog in bionic stages of his career. But Mr. Kuster. This kid's future so bright, he's already got to wear shades. He's got it all. And tonight he delivers a statement with another firstround