Kind: captions Language: en They've fought on November 10th, 2012. &gt;&gt; corner. They suffered a technical draw. Lara and Martirosyan are transfixed in making sure there is no doubt here tonight that they themselves will take home the WBA super welterweight championship. Midsection as I say, "Hey, man, come on. Keep them up." And then two straight left hands landed. He had a split decision loss to And now Lara Martirosyan jumps in with a hook to the body. And a nice counter right hand as he is one who is aggressive. As the catalog of knowledge Erislandy Lara looking to go to work against Vanes Martirosyan. A nice Now Lara picking up a nice straight left that caught the whiskers and have this stick and move and and move forward. But oh man, and he got backed up with the most powerful punch of the fight, the straight left right down the middle. But now Martirosyan [cheering] is picking up a little bit as well. He lands whenever he wants. The problem is he doesn't throw enough. Now he's picking up his punch output. And he backs up Vanes Martirosyan's got to go out there and put forth the Backing up Martirosyan for a brief moment was Lara. Examining some of the action from the sixth round, that straight left, boom. Wasn't clean. I wonder you have to surmise that Martirosyan knows he's down on the scorecards. And a straight left that snapped back the head of Martirosyan. That's Martirosyan, but and a straight left that really caught the attention. The night of the lucky night and he [cheering] just continues to hammer. Continues to be a game opponent. Oh, Lara, another that caught that chin. And again, it's some of the work, boom. You saw that Lara's ring generalship, that scud missile of a right left hand movement. He understands where he is at all times and he's always in a position to throw a punch just like that with that straight left. And now Martirosyan, I'm curious if Lara sits down on his punches more. That was a nice three-punch combination that was highlighted by straight left. Now Martirosyan is coming in. If Erislandy Lara, if he [cheering] is successful And now we are going to have a point deduction for a low blow. Oh boy. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; This is awful for Vanes Martirosyan. One point has been deducted and the California faithful who have made the trek to support Vanes Martirosyan are none too delighted. &gt;&gt; Well, if you're going to have a point deduction, you should make it an ugly fight. Smother him, keep him tight, don't allow him to breathe. And he does and then he gets smacked with a But it has been that man, Erislandy Lara, with he has been painting Vanes Martirosyan with straight lefts. And now some theatrics as to say, "Look, I'm going to I'm going to clown you at this moment." Starting to see some of the work by Erislandy Lara, that straight left. It was an echoing left hand all night long and Martirosyan really picking up the pressure. But I think he ate his handful of straight lefts compliments of the Guantanamo, Cuba native. And just an accurate, a sharpshooter and it's almost like he was salsa dancing as the tell Martirosyan, "Look &gt;&gt; And still champion, the American dream, Erislandy Lara. And still champion, Erislandy Lara.