Kind: captions Language: en We get set for the middle attraction. A highly significant middleweight matchup and it will have the namesake of British boxing royalty Chris Eubank Jr. who wants to be a new Marshall in the 160 lb division. He will take on the 2008 Russian Olympian who now just bought his dream home in Florida, Matt Cororab. and Corb with over 300 amateur fights. And we have talked about the fact that he returns to Barlay Center one year after filling it on short notice against Jeral Charlo. Gave Charlo a hell of a fight, but came up short and now has another opportunity to prove that he is still worthy of campaigning for a belt. Chris Eubank Jr., Well, he wants to make some noise on the shores of North America, making his professional debut in the United States, but has spent a lot of time, especially in Las Vegas since he was 17, working at the Mayweather boxing gym. Coming off the most significant victory of his career over a well, admittedly a faded James De Gail, but here we go. Chris Eubank Jr. and Matt Corob scheduled for 12 at 160 lbs. Al, take us through the numbers. Perhaps one of the most important numbers to look at here is the age of Matt Carabove. He's only a month away from his 37th birthday. Now, he's still fighting at a very high level, but he's at that age where you have to think about whether he will slow down in a major fight. Big big opportunity for him this evening with the official introductions. Here once again is Jimmy Lennon Jr. Well, fans from Barlay Center here in Brooklyn, Premier Boxing Champions presents our next attraction, in the ring. It is brought to you by LionsOn Only Promotions, TGB Promotions, Warriors Boxing, Samson Boxing, and Showtime. We're sponsored by MGM Resorts and Brooklyn Boxing. And this bout is sanctioned by the WBA with the president Roberto Jesus Mendula, the supervisor Jose Oliver Gomez. Introducing our judges all from the state of New York, Julie Letterman, Kevin Morgan, and Tony Poolo. Introducing our referee in charge of this bout. The man in charge is referee Steve Willis. All right, fans. Here we go. 12 rounds of boxing scheduled for the interim WBA middleweight world championship. Introducing to you first, fighting out of the red corner, wearing silver, blue, and red trunks. Fighting out of Royal Palm Beach, Florida by way of Autoan, Russia. He weighed in at a ready 159 lbs. With a record of 28 wins, two losses, and one draw. He has 14 wins coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the acclaimed WBA number three ranked middleweight contender. Introducing Matt Coroboff. His opponent across the ring fighting out of the blue corner wearing gold trunks with black trim. Joining us from Brighton, Sussex, England. He weighed in at 159 and 3/4 lbs with a record of 28 wins and two losses. He has 21 wins coming by way of knockout. Currently ranked the WBA number one middleweight in the world. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the internationally renowned middleweight star tonight making his anticipated US debut. Introducing next gen, Chris Yub [Applause] Junior. Once again, the referee in charge now to give instructions, Steve Willis. Okay, gentlemen, you both have the instructions. I want you to beta commands and protect yourselves at all time. Right now, we're going to call in the letters here. And we're going to call just under the letters here. All right, tap it up. Let's go to work. Here we go. Steve Willis overseeing this scheduled 12 round affair contested at 160 lbs. Barlay Center in Brooklyn hosting its 20th edition of Showtime Championship Boxing. 36th professional boxing card since opening in 2012. It's become a real mecca boxing. Bell and round number one. Chris Eubank Jr. in the black and gold trunks. Matt Corobv sporting the silver, blue, and red trunks. And Corabov coming out aggressively trying to land that southpaw left as Eubank darts in. We have already seen what this fight's going to boil down to. Carb landing a straight left. Eubank landing, Junior landing a nice left hook. Those are going to be the two big power punches for both fighters. And Eubank Jr. quickly shaking off the rust. He is coming off a career-long 287 day layoff. Don't punch me in nor starter. He normally does well in the early rounds and sometimes doesn't do well in the lay rounds for him. For him, it's very important that he gets off to a good start. Yeah, Corbov loves to fire power lefts to the head and body. And uh they do carry shocking power, Paulie, but like Al said, usually in the f early rounds, I can't hit that. you know, we're all fresher in the early rounds and these guys that I don't know about myself, but yeah, you're you're right. Oh. Oh, nice. As Corbov backs up Eubank with that left hand. And there's another left hand. And you're going to see Corob obviously with a tremendous amateur career probably has a better fundamentals, but Eubank fundamentals not bad at all. And also, he makes he makes the way he sets up his punches work for him. And Deontay Wilder obviously has demonstrated that he carries his power no matter what round it is. Yeah. Charles Mooney Jun uh the trainer of Corbov who by the way himself was a silver medalist in the 1976 Olympics said we will have Eubanks eating straight left hands all night and Charles Mooney as you mentioned Al proud military man though he never turned professional and it's rare that you have an Olympian training an Olympian yeah also a medalist Olympian never turning pro in the US he was on one of the best Olympic teams ever in 1976 what a team that as well. Usually you see those medalists that don't turn pro maybe from other countries, but American medalists usually they turn pro almost always. It's been a good round for Corb. He is throwing and landing more punches and we've seen him get some of those nice straight left hands in. So again, he keeps uh the you know the the streak going of being a pretty quick starter. You commits very well to those straight left hands. Oh, and again the double left lands for Corob. So that left hand has already proven to be a very successful ingredient to Cororab's game plan as Eubank feeling the effects knocked off balance momentarily. Under 30 seconds left here in the opening round. A good start from Matt Corb. Corbop trying to record his first victory following that disputed draw against Emanuel Ale and of course the close encounter with Jamal Charlo here in Brooklyn. So trying to get back on the winning track tonight. Time. We're going to take a look at the keys to victory for each man and we will start off with Chris Eubank Jr. push him back. Carbop doesn't fight that well going backwards. I think he would like to do that. Combination punching is important for Eubank Jr. When he does that, it's very effective and that puts Carb on his heels. The left hook, normally the straight right is often a good weapon against uh southpaw. The left hook is also good in Eubank against the Gail and other southpaws has landed that punch. As for Matt Corb, let your hands go. He has sometimes been not as active in rounds as he should should be and tonight that's a worry for them. Don't square up. Sometimes he throw that left hand and square himself up in front of opponent and the straight left hand. We saw it already in round one. It's a big weapon for him. This is a bell in round two. And Al to your point uh I thought that one of the keys for Eubank that you mentioned pushing Corbop back. We have seen Corv already back Eubank up a bit in that opening round. Yeah, exactly. And Corb is not the kind of guy that I think going backwards fights as well. So Eubank's going to want to do that at some point in this fight. Corb able to maneuver himself in and oh he's taken well it looks like an injury. An injury. What happened shoulder? Hold still. Doctor time. [Music] Time. Come here. Come here. Come here. Easy, easy, easy, easy. Arizona. Yeah, the left side. Yeah. Hold still. Hold still. Hold still. Hold still. Hold still. Hold still. Hold still. Hold still. These guys. Give him five. Give him time. It's all right. Muscle. It's muscle. I like this. Can you continue? Oh, I don't know. Sorry. Lift up. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Wait a minute. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Relax. Relax. Relax. It's not. I don't think it's You think it's dislocated? I feel it. So, I'm going over the shoulder. We're in the second round. [Applause] They can't do. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. [Applause] Came out. He either has a dislocation or he tore tore a muscle up there. It's impossible. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. He hurt himself. There's nothing he can do. You can't continue. It's not you. Oh my god. [Applause] And just like that, a big piece of coal has been put in the boxing fan stocking. But of course, concern for Matt Corbop, who has suffered an injury, is already making his way back to the dressing room. This all coming early in the fight. What a shame. And any fans that are boring, shame on them because Matt Corb is as tough as nails. He clearly suffered an injury. He was winning the first round. This is not the kind of guy who whose character you have to question. You just look at the body of work in his career. And it's not he's not the kind of guy who whose character you can question and it's a shame because it was shaping up. Obviously, it's a very interesting fight as we thought it would be. [Music] And as Matt Carb walks back, tremendous disappointment obviously for him. See the pain etched on his face. We'll look back to see if we can detect where the injury happened. The action looked fairly normal. It didn't look like there was anything out of the ordinary. Again, him throwing the straight left hand, which he has done a lot during this and landed it a lot during this this fight so far. And as they continue to move around the ring and Corvov looking again looking to land that left hand nothing so far. It could have been the straight left hand. If you look at his shoulder if you look at his shoulder after the straight left hand there's a from that top view we just had like there's like there's like an emptiness or a hole there. He throws the left hand. He could have been right there. Yeah. He looked like the way his shoulder blade went back. He didn't he didn't he didn't throw another one here. He's probably and this how why you can tell say you can't question his character because he's trying to hide it here. He's trying to figure out okay is this going to go away? Is this a pain? What what's going on? Then the next time he tries to throw it, he realizes it's over. Yeah. Well said, Paul. Yeah, that's good. That's that's a very good point. And because when you have an injury, you're trying to your body language tries to tell you to hide it from the referee and obviously from your opponent, but his reaction when he tries to throw it again is clearly telling. Yeah. obvious obvious pain and uh and again and you feel for everyone involved including of course Chris Eubank Jr. much anticipated American debut Matt Corbava we've talked about his character we've talked about the fact he had over 300 amateur fights represented Russia at the 2008 Olympics and told us that he has never been more motivated for a fight than he was here tonight and and was off to a very good start in this fight. All right, let's uh go to Jimmy Lennon Jr. to get the official announcement. Ladies and gentlemen, we have the time of 34 seconds of round number two. Matt Cordov suffering an injury to his shoulder and is unable to continue. He is the winner by way of technical knockout. He is now the interim WBA middleweight world champion next gen Chris Eubank Junior. [Applause] It will go down in the record books as an official TKO victory for Chris Eubank Jr. He's now 29 and2 with 22 KOs. Let's go to Jim Gray. All right, Mororrow. Thank you very much. Chris, obviously not the outcome that anybody wanted to see from your vantage point. Could you see what happened to uh Matt? No, I felt like I was literally just about to start getting my swag on and uh I don't know. I think I hit him with like a a little shot and I don't know, he just turned around and and stopped. I was going to go I was going to go jump on him, but then the the ref said uh stop and I guess something happened with his shoulder or something. I don't know. Looked like he threw that lunging left and and tried to fight it off or ward it off there for just a moment and and then stopped the fight. So now you've prepared for a fight. You fight one round and obviously a dis dissatisfying evening for everybody here involved, but what do you take from this now as you move forward? I mean, there's nothing to take from the fight. I I I was I threw like three or four punches. I was just warming up. Um, you know, it is what it is. I sacrificed and uh you know, calm is a real thing. So, whatever he's done, uh, you know, that there's a there's a reason something happens and, um, you know, I'm the winner and, uh, I'm going to go forward and and challenge for these belts. This isn't the dream that I had making my pro debut here. I was going to, you know, I wanted to, you know, have a knockout and and impress the crowd and and make a name and a statement, but um, you know, there's 2020 super active. I'm looking to fight. you are going to be active because the reality of this is now Chris is you're going to have fought one round in more than a year plus just because of what has happened here this evening and the layoff since February of of of this year. Yeah. Um but now that you know I've kind of I've landed I've settled down with the new promotional team. Uh we've got this fight here. Uh it's here. It's done. Now I feel like the ball can really get rolling for an active 2020. So I'm I'm excited, man. It's just you know it's a shame I had to start like this but it is what it is. Chris, we appreciate your time. We look forward to seeing you next year. Okay. I appreciate you. Thank you. All right, Chris, back to you. Mororrow, back to you. That's all right, Jim. Thank you very much. It's a shame that uh Chris Eubank Jr. had to say what he said about Matt Corob. What does karma have to do with any of this? Yeah, I doubt that Matt Corb has done anything to create karma for an injury, but nonetheless, it's it's dissatisfying for everyone involved. And and as we've said, not to be repetitive, Matt Carbuff is not the kind of fighter that would faint an injury. All right, we are going to bring you into the corner of Matt Corb at the time of the stoppage. Shoulder pulled his shoulder, man. Suck him popped out, man. Muscle. [Applause] Sting. All right. The doctors ain't going to let you do nothing. Can you continue? Wait a minute. Hold on. They threw it at the same time and his arm extended out. I don't think it's okay. Uh Is this okay? I feel it. My leg. Can you continue or No, no, I don't think so. Try to hold it. I need the seat inside. [Applause] So, Dr. Nitton Seth, the chief medical officer for New York State Athletic Commission making the official ruling. It will go down as a second round TKO triumph for Chris Eubank Jr. here in his American debut.