Kind: captions Language: en He's a bit of a nightmare. &gt;&gt; [music] [cheering] &gt;&gt; I'll say pressure punches and bunches. It was intense. Every every round we we for the round to start he just smile over at me and I'd be like okay, there we go with it we at it again like we back at it so I got to be on top of my game so it's probably one of my best fights to be honest. Fighting Fundora is kind of interesting you know it's it's tough to get ready for you know a guy at the the that height at this weight class. He has a lot of advantages against you in the ring but you know the main thing that a lot of people didn't recognize in my fight with him was the was lateral movement. You know they they notice him getting downhill on me and kind of landing shots but they didn't notice how many shots I was so was able to get out of the way of and so yeah the the lateral movement was a a big factor for me and and a couple other things you know I'll keep in the vault because I'm still trying to get the the rematch with him. So you know we'll see but I I honestly think Thurman's a a big threat because he has he's known you know for really good lateral movement. He knows how to get you to cross your feet up and come in with that leaping hook which you know as as we saw in my fight with him that you know the that that that can be his kryptonite. So yeah you know I'm looking forward to this one and and we'll see but I think Thurman's a big threat in this fight. It's already hard to fight somebody 6'6 like I've never been in a ring with anybody that tall somebody with that much length you know what like he came out through the jab and I and I remember I the first thing I did was pull and he still hit me and I was like oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] watching all his old tapes I trained for a guy who was tall but gave up his height. He had just had that fight with Tim Tszyu and he clearly worked on his his his range which made it difficult fight for me. He's he's a bit of a nightmare but he's also easy to hit. But he's also a real tough [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that gets hit and it keeps coming you know so it's hard to box him it's hard to be strategic. Sometimes I was just throwing haymakers and throwing punches without even looking and and every time that it that that happens it was just I was swinging air. That's what he's good at and because of his reach and because of his awkwardness and the fact that he can take a little step back and he's completely out of the way when you fight Fundora expect that you're going to be in one of the hardest fight.