Kind: captions Language: en The last time they met, it was the Unified Titles at 122. But tonight, Brandon Figareroa, he's the champion, and it's his first title defense at 126 lbs. The Heartbreaker, Scooter Steven Fulton Jr., let's go ringside. Here's the man calling all the action, Mororrow Rinell. Thank you very much, Brian. Time for this electrifying championship rematch. Brandon the Heartbreaker Figaro, the relentless pressure fighter who drowns opponents in punches against Steven Scooter Fulton, a slick technician with supreme skill and composure. Let's go to the El Mexico tail of the tape. And you look at this and you see the wingspan advantage for Figareroa. He's taller and Fton now at 30 years of age coming off the knockout loss and the knockdown in his last fight. Again, the questions remain, what's he going to be like at 126 lbs. But looks, look at his eyes. He is a heartbreaker and he definitely wants to break Folton's heart here tonight. But not just mad Idol looks, he wants to become the man at featherweight. And uh let's now go to the man in the middle of the ring, Jimmy Lennon Jr. Well, fans from the T-Mobile Arena here in Las Vegas, Nevada. Premier Boxing Champions presents the co-main event of the evening, sponsored by DraftKings Sportsbook. The crown is yours. And by El Mexico brand products, bringing authentic Sabore to your table. Somos El Mexico. and by the film Last Breath, Make Every Breath Count, starring Woody Harelson, only in theaters February 28th. This world title attraction is sanctioned by the WBC with a president, Mauricio Suliman. Introducing our judges scoring from ringside, from New York, Max Duca, from Oklahoma, David Sutherland, and from California, Zachary Young. Introducing our third man to the ring. He will be giving instructions after the introductions. Harvey Duck. All right, fans. Here we go with the co-main event of the evening. 12 rounds of boxing scheduled in a rematch for the WBC featherweight championship of the world. Introducing to you first, the challenger on my right, fighting out of the red corner, entering the ring, wearing blue denim trunks. Hailing from and representing his home of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, he weighed in at the limit in the featherweight division of 126 lbs. His record stands at 22 wins, one defeat with eight wins coming by way of knockout. He is currently world ranked as a featherweight contender. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the former unified WBC and WBO super bantamweight champion of the world. Introducing Steven Scooter [Music] Fton. And his opponent across the ring is tonight's defending world champion. Fighting out of the blue corner, wearing white trunks with black trim. He is fighting out of Wes Lico, Texas. He weighed in at a ready 125.8 lb with a record of 25 wins, one loss, and one draw. He has 19 wins coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the former WBC super bantamweight world champion and the current defending WBC featherweight champion of the world known as the heartbreaker Brandon Figerola. Once again, a referee in charge is Harvey Dock. He will be giving instructions momentarily. Okay, boxers, you received your instructions earlier. As a reminder, obey my commands at all times. Protect yourself at all times. Touch gloves. Good luck. Harvey Dock, the referee for this championship rematch, made the Boots Enis reference when it came to Steven Fulton's footwear. He's trained by Andis's dad, Rosie Enis. Figureroa trained by his father. This is round one, but really it's round 13. This time they've taken their rivalry 4 lbs up the scale to 126. Figuro really finding his form here in this weight class. 3 and 0. He stopped common opponent Carlos Castro, the same Castro that dropped Fulton and Fulton's first fight as a full featherweight in his last outing. Fton escaping with a razor thin decision. admitted he could have let his hands go more, but Figaroa, man, he's got all kinds of momentum, guys. Dominated Mark Msio stopped Jesse Magdaleno in his last fight and now again looking to go 4 and0 at 126 and really solidify his standing as the top fighter in the weight class and that's what he's after. It's not just the revenge against Fulton, his only defeat. He believes it's his time to break free from the pack and establish himself as one of the best fighters in the sport. Oh, definitely riding high on that confidence figuroa and someone who some question confidence because of the loss to no way and then the last fight which was coming off a long layoff by the way 14 months between the inaway loss and Abner you're one of the handful of fighters that and I don't want to bring up bad memories but you were knocked out by Johnny Gonzalez you came back and became a champion again but many fight and I've talked to a lot of trainers a lot of people they say you're never the same after a knockout not everyone obviously some people just don't forget something in their head and their body. They just don't react the same. Uh some people are questioning Fton after that fight definitely especially against the fight against Castro where he got knocked down and we got a little bit of glimpse of you know flashbacks of the knockout against uh anyway. So now this is a fight where we've seen these guys fight again. It's another his dancing pointer Figaro. So I think he's going to feel more comfortable with the style of speaking. You're surprised at the start of the fight Brian? I am surprised. A very measured start for both of them after that fight of the year in 2021. But one thing to remember, Fton told us during the fighter meetings. He said the weight cut to 122 in their first fight got to him. He said he only won that fight because he had to quote thug it out. That's what he wants people to understand that fully formed at 126. He expects to be much better in this fight. And a man after Joe Gusen's denim heart with those shorts right now on Stephen, the shorts, the boots. They don't look comfortable to be honest. Appreciates that hat I wear. The butter tips. They don't look comfortable. The butter tips. I love this. But listen, something that Bolton is doing good right now in this first round is dictating the pace. This is the pace where he wants to fight. Slow position. Wait for Figaro to make mistakes and establish the jab. Jeff definitely is. Something that Figueroa should also do. Go ahead. Exactly. Figuroa's rebirth at 126 or his evolution has been about throwing less punches, putting more power on them. But let's not forget the first fight. Figureroa rallied in almost every single round to get his stuff off after a slow start. It's interesting to see him come out and let Fulton dictate the pace early. They combined to throw over 1,700 punches in that first fight. And it came down to Fulton's uh cleaner punches, his accuracy, which gave him the edge in that first encounter. Let's go inside the corners. Okay, that that last run was really close. How do you feel? Go in with your high guard. High guard and then finish to the body. Don't let him work. Work, work, work. Work. Head moving. Go straight. Start working. Start from the bottom. That was a really close round. Be a little more quicker on your punches. Solid. Okay. Catch him. Catch him with those hooks. I think you're better off as a right hand. Stay right with the right hand. Land that right hand as well. Relatively speaking, the opening round was library quiet between Figureroa and Fulton. Vigareroa seven or make that four of 32 punches while Fulton was seven of 35. Talk about measure. It's been a few years. They got to feel each other. It was an insane fight. But of course, we're coming off Cruz Fiero, so I may be high. No doubt. Interesting early on though that we're seeing Figureroa for with his southpaw stance, switch stances on the fly like this. Yeah, there's that lead left hand by Figureroa walking down Fton, but Fton very comfortable off his back foot. Very high ring IQ. Loves to use the jab. Is an economical puncher, very good counter puncher. And there was those counter punches on the inside in their first fight which also gave him an edge. And I think that's ultimately why the judges gave him that very close fight. the flashier, cleaner shots, particularly earlier in those rounds, but it's going to be just up to him to hold off the Figuroa rallies in the second half of each one. And doing my research, uh oh, nice right hand by Fton that popped Figureroa's head back. And now things are beginning to pick up. But anywhere from 60 to 70% of the time, the person who won the first fight wins the rematch in boxing. But we talked about it. It's their their their momentum is going in different uh different directions right now heading into this fight. This is a referendum on state from full from the standpoint of an elite fighter, a former pound-for-pound fighter up until that loss to Inaway. I mentioned how the public opinion in boxing has been down on him. This is his opportunity to remind everyone exactly who he is 100%. And if there was ever a fight to prove that, that's against a fighter he already beat and that's Figeroa. And the style, I think it's perfect for folks. the guy that comes straight forward. They're throwing actually a lot of jabs, just not landing many. Yeah. Minute left here in round two. Counter right by Fton. Scores upstairs. That punch continues to dictate the terms of this fight. Yeah. I don't I don't like when Figaro turns softball. He He thinks too much. He's left. Yeah. But I don't like it from Figuro. When he's right-handed, he puts a pressure He's back to being normal, being, you know, going back to himself. He also squares up often, which opens him up to those right hands. There it is. 30 seconds left here in the second. Figured his offense a bit as referee breaks them up. Back to self. Fton probing with the right. There's the jab and then the right hand downstairs by Fulton. [Music] Bolton on the ropes and counters with the left hook upstairs. Through two rounds definitely muted offense from Figaro by his standards. Beautiful. That's it. Scoop. Easy. See you listening man. You listening man. You see what it is. You see when you take a step back what I say. Counter that when you take a step back you you're making him reach. So put the combination together though after just not the one hand. You jab, jab, you stepping back. You want to turn off, turn off. You want to win the fight. I don't care how you win it. Long as we win it. And you winning it now. Well, never feel like you ain't doing too much. Take your time. You got time. He jumping in. You going to catch him. Long as you stay clean and you landing clean shots and catch him jumping in. Deep breath. Deep breath. First more. Deep breath, man. Nice and sharp. Look, when you go pop that body, go pop up top. You know what I mean? You ain't got to stay there. Tie him up when you get against the ropes. Don't blame him. Clean punch. He want a rumble. Don't give it to him. Mosianis. Yeah. Giving good instructions to Steven Fulton. And and we talk about the nature of rematches and especially in the lighter weight classes. Rematches often favor the more technical boxer, which on paper would be both of course 100%. And he's doing everything right. All the keys are right there. the boxing movement, the jab, the lateral movement, not staying stationary and being first, clean, effective punches. And that's what Bolton has done in the last two rounds. And by the way, Figarova was elevated to full run featherweight champion status after Ray Barbas was made champion in recess. Indeed. And he get to play on the playground for recess. I don't know how to follow that one, but I'm telling you, I don't think Fton's doing a great job of his control by not allowing Trigger to get inside and hurt him to the body. Yeah, there was that counter right hand by Fton though that landed clean upstairs and Bolton using his body magnet got tag there though, but taking a lot off the punches. So, Fton utilizing the footwork and the angles and this is where even Boose set up well up against the ropes you want him to tie up. But Figareroa unable to get really on track this one. He's not getting off. I know. Not the same as Figareroa. He's got to press. He's got to make this an ugly fight. Turn it into an ugly fight. Interested. You said he needs to press, but Brian, I want to use it in another form. Is he pressing too much many ways in terms mentally and otherwise? He continues to walk into those counter right hands from just certainly becoming a problem for Figaro. One thing to note, Fulton didn't go as far as calling Figueroa dirty, but he did say that Figuroa routinely hit him in the hips in their first fight, and that slowed him down with those missed body shots. He said he wanted to talk to the referee before this fight to make sure that is officiated properly. A good jab right there from Figaro. Nice counter left hook upstairs again though by Fton. Fulton's counter punching is a headline in this fight. Bolton getting off the ropes according to instructions from his corner. There's that probing jab and again the right hand and look Figureroa just rushes smothers his offense immediately. Brian it was a good left-handed body shot there from Figaroa but to your point tying pulling up when he when he had him on the ropes which was interesting but but I think that's what he needs to do Moro. I know it's ugly. I know he mothers his offense at times but that's his inside fighting. Beautiful right hand by Fulton. And at distance, Fulton is getting the better of Brandon Figareroa thus far. Every time Figaro switches stances, Fulton immediately throws a punch to counter him. Nice right hand. What a That was a sharp right hand by Fulton. Caught. Figuro flush on the face. Figureroa, by the way, one of the best chins in the sport. As durable as they come, never been down. Fton has been down a total of three times. twice against in a way once against Castro or once against Inway one more time earlier in his career I should say with 33 knockouts and oh yeah you know what I'm about to say somebody's all must go preach it and here we go with round number four and I know what you guys are saying you're saying oh has to do that I I you're the champion I'm not going to argue with you he's not look at he's he's not going to bring any punches he's smothering he's literally just rushing Fton without throwing anything. Well, that that was kind of what was working for him in the first fight. Mor rushing him, but once he gets to the inside. Yeah. But he was missing a lot and the the cleaner punches were definitely landed by P. And that's what's happening in this fight. He's landing only 15% of his punches. Brian Campbell Fan's fighting his fight. A very smart, technical, stunning fight in this one. Not the start Figareroa wanted by any stretch. And maybe there's something to what Fton said about that first fight, the hard weight cut. It ended up being a more of an action fight than he intended coming in. Fton continues to pot shot effectively. He is continuing to land. Even if the single shot, the right, the counter shot, it's just he's landing and he's he's ahead. He's making this fight more about skill than will. It's as simple as this. Colton is the better uh boxer, meaning he's a technical technician, better IQ. I'm sorry, he's a pressure fighter. That's his style. In their first fight, Figureroa averaged eight body punches landed per round. Tonight, he has landed a total of 11 thus far. And we are past the midway point of the fourth. Body shot from Fton. And obviously a lot has to do with the superior boxing that folks doing. Just turning them, not staying station and not staying on the ropes. Turning them every time. Body shot from Figareroa. But Brian, you and not to belabor the point. You know what I'm saying? Like it's just he's unable to really put together the the technique that we are used to seeing despite the fact that yeah, he's known for his relentless pressure and high volume. We're not seeing any. No. And Fton's not giving in to any kind of pressure of repeating the fight of the year from the first time around. This is about winning for Fulton and establishing itself in this division. And as he said, this is a career goal, a championship in two divisions. If you can get his hands down, that's another thing. Folton fight the inside fight at moments against Figaro, giving Figaro a chance in the fight, but not in this fight. He's moving just wondered what the Bozy factor would be heading to the corner that he already had. You're seeing that. Nice left hook upstairs by Fulton getting off the ropes. So from a technical standpoint, even on the ropes, Steven Fulton getting the better. There's a couple of right uppercuts by Figareroa. Right uppercut by Fton. Left hook. Folton delivering the more impactful punches. Figureroa not really sitting down on the shot at all. Pull and pinned. A lot of a lot of the touching. All right, let's go to Jordan Plant with more on the satorial splendor that is uh Steven Fulton's ring gear. Thanks, Maro. So, I've been in uh Fig Fulton's corner. And you guys notice he's not st sitting down in between rounds. He's standing. And that's because all camp they plan to stand in between rounds to prove to Figaroa, he's the better fighter. I'm better than you. And he wanted to intimidate intimidate Figaro and let him see him standing and have that extra ring generalship and poise over him. And you guys, speaking of I want to talk about his fit. He's not just fighting like he's the guy, but he's dressed like the guy. He's got Timberlands on right now representing the East Coast. That's a big fashion statement right there. I know he worked with the shoe surgeon who's been doing a lot of guys uniforms lately. So you guys, he's not just looking the part, but he's fighting like it tonight. George Foreman approves of what Fton is doing by standing in the corner. How about a statement coming in with the work boots and putting in the work here from the outside. had a very technical and effective start for Fulton. I know we live in a digital world, but stop the presses. Brandon Figueroa has not cracked double digits in punches landed in a round yet in this fight. We're already in round five, you guys. Unbelievable. How shocking is that, Brian? Incredibly shocking. But I think for Fton though, this is about that reinvention. This is about that reminder of the skills that he brings to the table. Let's not forget one of the 10 powerful best fighters in the world entering that a new way show up. And look at the ring general ship here by Fton. He's he's utilizing movement and and Figaro is just following him around not cutting off the ring after I mean it is quite shocking for the champion right now. No doubt the keys for Figaro is cutting off the ring. The jab uh being the smart pressure definitely not seeing that from him but again Fton just doing everything right tonight. I know I keep saying it, but the he continues to smother his offense without throwing anything. Brian seems a little bit confused in there on how to be able to to to get off effectively, how to change the momentum of this fight. It's good defense on the inside for Yes. And we saw that in the first fight as well. Yeah, he poses his guard really good and he got the inside punches there. There they are. And now Figaro putting the pressure, but he's getting countered with that uppercut off the ropes by Fton. And Fton remains composed. Cool. I don't even want to say under fire. He's just controlling Brandon Figareroa here at this heavier weight class where we've seen Figureroa come into form. And many thought that for Fton maybe 126 was a bridge too far. Not so far here tonight. Shows you that you can't let him die with boxing match. The common opponent. Starches. Federal starches. Castro. Castro drops. Bolton. Forget about it. When you fought Leo Santa Cruz a second time in your great action rivalry, did you feel like you would have changed that game plan trying to get a different result from the first one? Yeah, of course. I had my game plan going into his second fight which was trying to box him trying to be in the outside but I fell into his trap again. I fell into his fighting the inside and disappearing there on the inside. It's Steven Fulton landing the right uppercut left hook combination. It is Steven Fulton in the danger zone where he is doing some work. He's very comfortable. Nice, beautiful double right left hook combination by Fton. Meanwhile, just leans on Fton and Fulton's counter shots to the body with his back to the ropes continue to alleviate that pressure and it doesn't allow Figaro to take advantage of him. Body work right there. Wow. And marches back to the corner with purpose. He don't know what to do when you ship. That's why I said there. You hit him with some uppercuts. The uppercuts is is a shot right there. Uppercut. Bring the hook behind it. Deep breath. Deep breath. Yeah. Yeah. In the middle. Take it to the surface. Take it to the center. Stay off the ropes. You get on the ropes. Tie up. You hear me? Steven Fton. Putting on a classic display of the sweet science. And and the inside he is catching Figureroa uppercuts. The step back, the right uppercut, left hook combination. Yeah, the catch and shoot. The openings that he seen right there. figure out really beating him in his own fight. So in round number five, as we begin round six, punches landed were fight highs for both fighters. Figuroa landed 13 punches in five. That's the highest for the fight. Fulton 22. This is a good start for Figareroa here in round six. Throwing the combinations to the body, backing Fton up. Still getting countered. Interesting enough, Figareroa told us this week that everything will fall into place. Quote, "If I keep my distance." You already see him giving up that game plan and rushing in and smothering his own work. Larry Hazard, our unofficial scorer, has Fulton pitching a shut up through five rounds. He is ahead again. The unofficial scorecard, but hard to disagree. I've got the same score. And it's not that the rounds aren't close. It's not that Figueroa isn't doing bits of good work, but it is largely ineffective aggression. Definitely is a lot of his punches and a lack of overall aggression. Moving in now. Figuro beginning to feed him with some left uppercuts, but not the the Now there's a double right a right uppercut on the inside, but immediately countered again by Fton. Seeing little flashes this round of that incredible action fight that these two fighters gave the sport of boxing just a few years ago. 2021's fight of the year according to many who follow the sport and cover it. Harvey D wants them to not grapple as much. Nice right uppercut by Colton as he backed up. continues to dig away the body and and Figaro is just leaning in but not throwing a lot. Yeah, he's leaning in too much and smothering this this offense and I'm not seeing that body work that we're used to seeing from Figaro. Got to break him down, break down Fton like he did in the first fight. Fton is also not allowing himself to be smothered by this close action you see on a frame and physically standing as guard pushing back the step. fans letting it be known. They they read the they saw the first fight. They they listened to the experts and what we anticipated and well for Steven Fulton, he has to feel very good at what is happening thus far here as we are 30 seconds away from completing the first half of this featherweight championship fight in 2021. Fulton edged Figureroa via majority decision to become a unified 122 lb champion. Figureroa went on to become a two division champ. Fton would love to do the same here tonight and make it two straight wins over Figaroa. Not what anyone anticipated when it came to Brandon Figareroa's output. But for Steven Fulton, he wouldn't mind the first six or the second six rounds going like the first six. Make sure we keep those punches up. Keep them up. I'm tell the same thing. We both got low blows. How are you feeling? Don't let him. We both got low blows. Let's keep him up. I told him the same thing. Okay, we got to start right here. Got to get him tired. If you get in, he's going to he's going to grab on you. He's going to hold you. He's going to turn you. Don't get in too close. Jab, jab, and work the body right away. Inside punches, uppercuts. Okay. Okay. Hey, we want to keep those belts. Come on. Let's go. Keep using the straight punch. Keep that good distance. All right. Don't smud yourself. Keep them at a good distance. Make sure we keep those punches that distance. Use the jab. Keep those punches up. Already concerned from Brandon Figureroa's father, Omar Senior. As we begin the second half of this championship fight, just to put things in perspective, in their first encounter after six rounds, Brandon Figueroa had landed 138 punches. Tonight, 51. Numbers never lie in this case. And now here's Bigoa beginning again. Gets smothered right away. The the clear smart on Fton's part. There's a jab and the right hand from Fulton. That was beautiful. Little step back from Fton. Straight one, two. Oennis now working the corner of Steven Fulton and has to like what he's seeing thus far. Brian and Brian would coming into this fight again. Yes, Brandon Figareroa is the champion, but let's not forget that it was Figaro that or excuse me, Fton that won the first fight. And yes, we understand why when you look at what's happened in recent history, why yeah, Figaro is a favorite comes in with the momentum, but Fton fighting a very smart fight. Boxing is so much of what have you done for me lately type of sport. And the run Figaro is on since moving up to 126 has been incredibly impressive, but still has that slight edge against him, knowing how to deal with his pressure, and you're seeing that play out tonight. Yeah, it's easy to study a fighter that you already faced. Easy to make adjustments at least from Fton, a high IQ fighter. And something that I'm noticing, yeah, Figaro is mothering his offense, but that has to do a lot with Bolton pushing forward, getting in close, not letting Figo get off. Becoming a bit rough house here, a bit of a wrestling match. Folton. Yeah, leaning on the taller Figaroa. He's getting his head down, pushing down on him, tiring him out that way. Figaro going to the body, but only gets off one shot before Fton tries to clinch. Bolton escaping with lateral movement. Now Bolton from southpaw setting a trap. Nice jab from the southpaw stands and another nice jab. There's a jab from the southpaw toa fans becoming restless. Not at all what they expected after one of 2021's fights of the year. Figareroa is trying his best to turn this fight into a reproduction of that. But I do wonder though, will the judges prefer the pressure of Figaro if these rounds become a little bit closer? That's going to be Don't you have to throw and land effective punches about effective punching, right? Oh, there's a nice effective punch for I just think there's a wrong uh the distance is not there. Distant management is not does not believe him here tonight. But you're right. How many times have we seen it, Mr. Campbell? Judges have their own strikes. That's all he has. And Vultton has the good strike zone. The head of Figareroa doing a great job boxing off his back foot. This is now round number eight of this rematch for Brandon Figureroa's featherweight belt. The interesting interesting thing was that you know coming into this fight we have the question marks for Fton. Is he still the same fighter? Has he faded? Now we're seeing the opposite. We're seeing a different figure. Not the same figur. I'm not saying that he's fading but definitely not what we were expecting. Fton totally the opposite. It looks better. You saw that counter uppercut with his back to the ropes just now from Fulton. He's got Figureroa studied. He's playing the angles. He's not getting overwhelmed physically. This is a mature performance and a reminder of the talent he brings to the table. Figuro told us that fighting on the inside feels natural for him. That's where he does the most damage. A lot of fighters can't handle the pressure. He says he can box, he can draw. Fighting on the inside doesn't feel natural right now. And the fans are letting it be known that this is not what they expected. And now here comes Figaro. Double left and right hands. Figaro marching forward. full in talk this week about how many people have counted him out, even members of his inner circle after that loss to Inaway. Wherever this fight goes from here, it's already a victory from the standpoint of Fulton coming back and establishing himself. And after that rather pedestrian performance against Carlos Castro, Fulton was forced to go on social media and say, and I quote, "You can't even enjoy a victory after taking your first loss over a year ago." I'm just thankful for the good and the bad. Lot more good than bad in this one for Bolton. Although, here comes Figareroa with the jab. Finally looking to establish the jab from Sofa. Yeah, he definitely turned that battle into good learning experiences. All right, Figaroa showing some life here now in round eight. Putting punches together with Bolton on the ropes, but just not a lot. Yeah, I was going to say a lot of arm punching. [Music] [Applause] Have to say, Figaro, a lot of arm punches. Nothing behind those punches. Beautiful work from Pton moving side to side. Bullet has turned Figaro back into the 122lb version of him in which he squares up and looks to spam you with offense rather than be selective with those single shots like we've seen at times at featherweight. But people are used to watching Brandon Figurero fight that spam looks like it features that Nigerian prince kind of sp and on the inside and really and we will talk more about it here in just a moment. I'm really loving the uppercuts on the inside by Steven Fulton. Just another added weapon here tonight. And uh as we close out round eight, will the real Brandon Figureroa please stand up? Yo, stay off the ropes, man. Stay off the ropes. Folton remains standing. And after I mentioned it, let's revisit those effective uppercuts of Scooter Fton. Yeah, beautiful uppercuts. He's sitting down on his punches. He has been a lot of mobility from Steven Fton, but not there. Staying right in the pocket. Beautiful uppercuts. They're landing at will. He's feeling comfortable. Brandon Figaro there to get hit. Leaning his head forward. And guess what? Bolton taking advantage of that. Don't get careless, man. Don't get careless. Don't let the judges back on. So to his critics, Fton just smiled and let you know how he feels. You hear me? All right, I got my man. We got that posted. He wanted everyone to see that. It was interesting in in watching him throughout the week and the way and Brian you and I talked about it rather monotone in his delivery almost felt like wait a minute is this guy with I mean he's doing what he he set out to do here. As much as we think we have degrees in armchair psychology, I did fear based on that no emotion, monotone voice, but it's about how you handle yourself in the ring. And thus far, this has been Fton's fight. But one thing to say, one thing to say though, Figaro has not stopped pushing the pace and coming forward. He's not stopped pushing the pace, but his offense has been muted to say the least. Look at these numbers. Yeah, definitely got to push. He's pushing his punches, pushing both punches. In the last round, we did see Steen Rton land a high 25 power punches. Corner wants him to evacuate the ropes and Figaro would love to keep him there, but Figaro unable. And it's interesting. We thought that yeah, Figuro would be the bigger the the stronger guy 126. I'm not seeing evidence of that, Brian Camp. I fully agree with you. But Fen was trapped on the ropes a bit last round. Did blood started to flow from his nose. So it's something his corner picked up on. They want him to create a little bit more distance, but these two continue to fight in the phone booth here. They are giving the fans what they want right now. Yeah. Not listening to his corner staying in the pocket again. He's feeling comfortable, especially when he's landing those uppercuts. And now he's pushing Figarov back. And those uppercuts on the inside continue to be effective for Bolton. Holton now backing Figarov to the rope. Still trying to find a way to throw punches. Framing up a bit. And Bolton's corner doesn't want him to carry Figaro's weight. Figaro going to the body. But again, a lot of arm punches after way too many arm punches for Figaro. No pop behind him. I mean, there's got to be something wrong with Figaro. I mean, I'm not trying to justify his performance tonight, but and not take away from it. Exactly. But again, not the same Figaro that we're used to seeing. Even those punches are There's a right to the body. But yeah, the uppercut on the inside lands for Brian. What do you make of it? I think there's better work here for Fredo with these combinations. He's sitting down more on his body shots and really just trying to maul Fton. This is what the judges will take notice of this this clean and effective punching inside. Yeah, those right hands beginning to find a home. Now it's him with the uppercut. This is the zone. This is the range of mid-range here where there is some space for him to work. He's caught the longer range span. He needs space to deliver those. going to get a lot of Colton by staying in the inside. Now listen to the corner. This round we won. Okay, we won this round. These are your rounds. This is Here you go. You got to start fishing. Okay, there we go. There we go. Powerful shots now. Distance. Distance. One, two, three. This is it. This is it. Don't let him take your belts. You got a lot of time left. Round after round. Come on. I want the same thing. What round is this? 10th. Okay, we got to win them. One of the questions I had going into this fight. Will Figaroa's nonstop assault break Fton? Where have you gone? nonstop. And when Folton weathered the storm like a parker, there's a storm in my native British Columbia. A lot of snow tonight. He doesn't need the parker thus far. He's cooking without it, my friends. And that jab, the sweet science on display. Doesn't want to get comfortable on the ropes even though he's had success. Well, I did like Figaro's work that last round. You just wonder if he's run out of time to Well, he still ended up on the short end of the sticks to fight. So, yeah. And yeah, the corner telling him, "Hey, we got time." No, you don't. This is the 10th round and you're losing the entire fight. At least I believe. Yeah. Again, it's just hard to come from that high from the pit fight to this one. We were expecting the same thing, especially knowing how the first fight was. Nice counter right hand by Fton. If Fton gets his hand raised, he's not going to be worried about any booze from the crowd. This is about putting his career right back on track, but he does need to stay off the ropes here into the championship rounds. to the middle. All right, Figureroa with the pressure from Southpaw just but it's Bolton even on the rope still able to move side to side and avoid any of the offense. Another counter left hand by Fton step back. I want to give I want to call some offense from Figareroa. Nice left hook by Fton and the angle out. I It's interesting. He's putting himself on the ropes so Brian, but he's busier to the ropes than he see. But are you are you messing you know attempting fake? Not really. Yeah, I I don't see it because there's no there's no power behind those punches from Figaro. Still, you never want to stay on the ropes too much. Even David Ben is is cheaper than that. He will try to avoid that against David Morell coming up in our much anticipated main event. Bad blood, two undefeated warriors in their physical prime and they are going to get it on. They're looking to light up the light heavyweight division like so many people thought. Figaroa was going to light up Fton in terms of the offensive attack and still putting on the pressure and you're right in the last round and now even they're starting to to chip away. Well, you have to wonder. Look, we we had the fight for Fulton largely widely. But what if those judges due to the pressure of Figurella liked his work a little bit more? You wonder if he can rally here in the final round whether he can back door himself into a close decision. And we are seconds away from heading into the championship rounds of this featherweight title fight. Brandon Figueroa defending the title as a full champion and has his hands full with Steven Fulton. Well, we're seeing a rematch here tonight and a man that Abner Mahrez knows intimately after two pitched battles. Lao Santa Cruz. Oh, his face being uh covered. There he is. Oh, he's got a beard. Boy, he's had a He's had a strong beard. And there's one thing we know about Lao Santa Cruz. All about that offense. All about triple digits in terms of punches thrown, man. Also one of boxing's great gentlemen. Abner as a rival of yours. We talked off camera. One of the nicest guys in the sport. One of the nicest guys out there, man. I tell you we're in the ring. I tell you you're in the ring. Exactly. He's a mean guy inside, but outside and yeah, he's changed a lot. Look at that beard. You want to take a look at it? I was as nice as mine, but not not not that we Okay. I see. I see what you did. All right, round number 11. Defending featherweight champion Brandon Figareroa looking to avenge his first loss against former unified 122 lb champion Steven Fulton. Eat out a majority decision in their first battle. one of the best fights of the year in 2021 using accuracy and cleaner punches. And tonight he's using his ring IQ, his craftsmanship, the footwork, and um in many ways putting on a clinic against Figaro. Indeed, this is such a comeback performance from Fulton. Commanding, smart, he's dealing with the pressure of Figureroa. Definitely not the same pressure we saw in the first fight, but again did everything he was supposed to. Stevenson. It's not the area though that he wants to be with Figaro coming forward with the volume punching. You guys agree with me? [Applause] This is where Fton's corner seemed to be right in that center of the ring. Three punch combination from Fton again turning Figareroa utilizing his educated feet. Figo fires back a couple of shots and Amir again we're sitting on the outside looking in but just you're the one who said it as well. There's just no power behind the punch it seems even in close. Yeah, I want to hear what he says after this fight with his run again. Wasn't sick. is just not feeling himself in that fight. Obviously, he's not, but again, not taking anything away, although they're their offense is increasing even in the last round. So, I mean, this is where you know the time is now. It's a championship rounds. Just over a minute left in the 11th. This is far from a boring fight. The boost from the crowd. You're seeing high pace. You're seeing close action. [Applause] Final 15 seconds of the 11th round. Time ticking away. This time ticking away on the title reign of Figareroa. You have to be impressed with the physicality. I'll say it again from Fen here. Really established himself as a true featherweight in this fight. 30 seconds left. And you're right. I mean just the way he is leaning in on Figaro and really being the stronger of the two physically body shot left hook lands upstairs for right uppercut on the inside there fires off a right goes to the body with a left oh and he gets hit with a left counter left side a fight of the year in 2020 21. We just witnessed the fight of the year candidate between Isak Cruz and Anil Biro both in their primes. You can't ask for more from the sport of boxing than David Benvdas versus David Morell. I know Figureroa's father is asking more of him right now. 12th and final round. Figuroa's title reign hangs in the balance. Good power punching with his back to the ropes again for Fen. Looks like an abrasion or possibly even a cut above the right eye of Figueroa. And for you know he was expecting this to go on the last round at least. He's got to come in first. All right. Uppercut smooth. How about this started doing in the first couple rounds. How about this? to round 11. Fulton landed 22 of 82 punches compared to 13 of 66 for Figueroa. Fulton ramping up the offense. You hold him. Let him go. Let him go. And here's our unofficial scorer, Larry Hazard Hazard scorecard. It is all Steven Scooter Fulton who according to our unofficial score is on the cusp of becoming a two division champion and erasing exercising the demons of his first loss. A knockout to Nya Inaway and a pedestrian performance in his first full fight at 126 in his last outing. Steven Fton is a minute 40 seconds away of potentially getting back to the summit. You find out what somebody is made of and loves and when they when they take a defeat back against the ropes, when they get the public to turn on them like happened to Full and this is quite a response. Again, learning experiences from those fights. Body shot by Fulton. Figaro leaning in trying to unload. Right hands from Figaro, but the the cleaner and more effective punches come from Steven Fulton. A man who literally started at the bottom. That was the name of his neighborhood in Philadelphia. Overcame so much as a child. Father was incarcerated when his father came out, introduced him to his first trainer. He found boxing as a refuge. Became a champ. Beautiful footwork by Steven Fulton and he has overcome so much to first of all become a unified 122 lb division champion. And with 30 seconds left, I'm not a scorer. I'm just trying to tell the story of the fight. But from my vantage point, Steven Fulton 20 seconds away from becoming a two division champion and silencing all of those critics. This is how you do it. A smart, tough, technical performance in the face of constant pressure. Bolton mounts the corner feeling that he has done [Music] enough. You never know until the they actually fight, but not not at all what we anticipated. Abram Mars, definitely not not what the crowd or at least us or anyone back home anticipated. But again, a great performance from Steven Fulton. Let's not forget exactly what he did tonight. Beautiful boxing, beautiful footwork, speed, accuracy. I mean, he did exactly what we he was supposed to do. What about the work Derek Booseennis has done with Bolton? Just spectacular. I mean, just to do what he did today. I mean, you can tell that, you know, they worked on the perfect game plan and they delivered. Well, in his last fight, that split decision over Carlos Castro raised questions about Filton's punch resistance after the fifth round knockdown in the late scares, but bounces back, we think. But you know who knows? Jimmy Lennon Jr. [Music] Folton outlanded Figareroa in 11 of 12 rounds. I was told Jimmy Lennon Jr. has the official decision. And yes, he does. Let's now go once again to Jimmy Lennon Jr. Ladies and gentlemen, after 12 rounds of action, we go to the scorecards. We have a unanimous decision. Here are the score totals. Judges at ringside, David Sutherland, and Zachary Young both score the bout 116 to 112. Max Duca sees it 1171. All three in favor of the winner. And the new WBC featherweight champion of the world is Steven Scooter Fton. Sweet science on display. Trying to hear what they're saying to each other here. Sweet science on display and one of the sweetest victories of Steven Fulton's career as he bounces back and becomes a two division champion. Let's go inside the ring with Brian Campbell. Steven Fulton Jr. It seemed like all boxing counted you out over the past year plus. What are the emotions and coming back and scoring a second win over your greatest rival? Uh, alhamdulillah. You know, I just got to say thank you to God first and foremost. My team, Al Heymon, PBC, uh, Premier Box, everyone, man, just thank you. Um, it feels good, you know. I'm I'm champion again. And for all the ones that doubt me, I just want to say continue to support me the way y'all support me, whether it's negative or positive. If your first fight with Figaro was about will, this one was about skill. How did you do that in there tonight against a pressure opponent? I feel like he didn't let enough shots go like he normally would. You know, I feel like he kind of slowed down when he moved up to the 126 pound division. As you can see, his punch output lowered from when we was at 122. And I feel like I capitalized off of that. I used my jab. I listen to my corner. And um I feel like his power was the same. You know, he said he's going to knock me out of the power. Feel like everything was the same though. A two division champion. What's next for Scooter Fton? Just enjoy the victory while I can. You know, I'm living in the moment right now. And not to overlook anything. I'm just going to focus on this and maybe next month and we'll we are options. But thank you to Figaro and his team. Thanks for everybody for coming out and get ready for the main event.