Kind: captions Language: en There is Julio Seaha who is now no longer fighting for a world title. Why is that? It's because he weighed in 4 and 12 lbs above the contracted bantamweight super bantamweight limit. So Sei cannot win the world title, but he can hand Brandon Figo his only blemish. Let's take a look at the last five fights for Julio Seya. is in the midst of a twoight losing streak. The last time he won was almost two years ago. Victories over on Salmon Moreno lost to Hugo Ruiz back in February of 2017. So that is the last five fights. And here is the 22year-old out of West Lico, Texas from the Rio Grand Valley area, Brandon Figo. His fourth fight this year. He's undefeated. He has stopped seven straight of his opponents. A vicious body puncher. He's known as the heartbreaker because when he was young, his father used to take him to Mexico to fight in amateur fights. And his father said the little girls were so in awe of him coming here with his little gym back. and they called him the heartbreaker because he would break their hearts by not providing attention to the little girls and that stuck with him ever since. It's trained by his father Omar Figareroa senior. He is the younger brother of former world champion Omar Figoam Jr. This is Figo's first fight here in Las Vegas. His brother Omar fought on the co-main event of Pacquiao Thurman back in July and Omad suffered a loss but there is Julio Sea Brandon Figeroa will remain the champion no matter what the result is but Figo ata 22 years of age and we'll send it up to ring here's Jimmy Lennon Jr. Ladies and gentlemen from the MGM Grand in Las Vegas Premier Boxing Champions presents a world title attraction. It is sanctioned by the WBA, the president, Helberto Jesus Mandosa. Introducing to you are three judges scoring from Ringside, Lisa Jumpa, Dantrella, and Glenn Trobridge. All right, fans. Here we go. 12 rounds of boxing for the WBA Super Bantamweight Championship of the World. Introducing to you first on my right, fighting out of the red corner, wearing white trunks with red and gold trim, hailing from Mexico City, La de Mexico, he weighed in at an over the limit 126 and 12 lbs with a record of 32 wins and four losses. He has 28 big wins coming by way of knockout. Please welcome the hard-hitting world ranked former interim super bantamweight champion. Introducing Julio Poito [Applause] Sea and his opponent across the ring fighting out of the blue corner wearing red trunks with white trim. Hailing from West Lico, Texas. He weighed in at the super bantamweight limit of 122 lbs. He is undefeated in his campaign to the ring with a record of 20 wins, no losses. 15 of his wins coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the undefeated and popular reigning WBA super bantamweight champion of the world. Introducing Brandon, the Heartbreaker, Figerola. And our third man of the ring, the referee in charge now to give instructions is Jay Nat. Everyone to the center. Diaz 12th round 12 rounds say gloves win worth it. Good luck. Let's let's go to work. I want to see it. Let's take a look at our tail of the tape. You see the age difference. Say how five years older the height and the reach in favor of the undefeated Wesley Texas product. getting set for our next matchup here at lbs. Brandon, conventional fighter, Julio Sea, conventional as well. Ray Flores ringside here in Las Vegas for a big night of Premier Boxing Champions action. Brandon Figo said it's a dream for him to be fighting here in his home or fighting in Las Vegas away from his hometown of Westico, Texas. He fought in his hometown back on August 24th when he defeated Javier Chone. He was elevated to champion after that. Now Figodoa has gone to southpaw. He is an ambidextrous fighter but typically he he varies his looks. Does Brandon Figodoa. Double left hook to the body by Julio Sea who is yet to acquire a victory in two years. Nice right hook by Figodoa. Figodoa looking to mix it up. Figodoa the combined win percentage of his opponents is 89% pounding away on the body is Julio Seahan now Figodola musling Julio Seaha you're here in the corner of Julio Sea left hook that connects they're telling Smells to move the head. A left hook. There's a right hook that connects by Figodoa. [Applause] Figodoa using the jab as we are under a minute to go here in the first. This one is scheduled for 12 hammering away upon the body. There's Julio Seaha. Both men love to mix it up and you're seeing indications of that right now. Double left hook. There's a nice body shot followed by a left hook. Figured now starting to walk down Sea. Seah might be hurt. That body shot stung Sea. Big shots coming by Figoai who is now increasing his pressure. In the pocket is Figoam. Final moments of the first round. Both men exchanging body shots. [Applause] That's the end of the first. And let's take a look at what Brandon Figoa had leading into this fight. Well, this is what Julio Sei had to say about Brandon Figo. He goes, "Brandon Figo is a young fighter coming up, but he hasn't faced anybody like me. I face the elites in the division and we don't know if Figoa is there yet. We're on our way to a collision in the ring and I know what I'm I'm going to end up on top." Well, for Sea's sake, he better end up on top because he missed weight by a considerable margin. There is Figodoa trained by his father, Omar Figodoa, Senior. Here's what Figoa had to say. They look at me and see an easy fighter. I'm used to it by now. Every time I leave the ring, the way they think about me changes. So that is what Brandon figed. Oh, I had to say Round number two. Good first round for Brandon Figodoa who had Julio Seaha hurt. So I am under the impression we could get clarification on this but if Figodo were to lose there is discussion of and I don't know exactly I thought the rules were that Figo would remain the champion but there's also the ideology that Figoa that the title would be vacant then at that point there's big shots by both men Figoa and Seaha letting the leather fly. They both are pretty much fighting in a phone booth even though those don't exist anymore. Look at this. A left hook by Julio Seam. Figodo pounding away upon the body of Seah. you know, figured, oh, he's a, you know, the kid looks like he should be a a GQ or Calvin Klein model instead of a prize fighter, but he is a heck of a fighter. Fighting is in the blood of the Figodoa brothers Amad Figoa, former world champion also for Julio Sean. His brother, his older brother was a fighter. Never fought for a world title, but was a fighter, professional fighter nonetheless with over 30 professional bouts to his resume. 80 seconds left here in the second. Get out. Get out. Likes to take away your legs and the air out of your lungs. He said that there's something special about pounding away on the body and watching your opponent taste the canvas. [Applause] Look at this action in round two for Julio Sea. He's coming off a loss with Antomo Rianown back in June at the Mandandalay Bay. He was winning on all three scorecards, but then was stopped by Riendow. Is going back to conventional now. will go in and good jab by Figoa. [Music] Final moments of the second round between Figodoa and Sea here in the second. And that's the end of the second. We'll listen in to the corner. I'll brown if you get off. But keep it inside. Okay. Don't stay put inside. Make them make them face. I know you're smarter than that. Don't fight from a distance. Come on. All right. That wasn't round. Okay. Come on. [Music] Let's take a look at some of these exchanges. There's a big right hand by Sehon. Figodoa ate a couple of shots and then he answered back. What a chopping right hand by Figodoa. I saw Figodoa at the workouts on Wednesday and I'll tell you that this is the best in shape that we've ever seen Brandon Figoa. Not to say that he's ever been in bad shape, but he really looked chiseled for this fight. He made his debut at the age of 18 back in May of 2015. He won that fight by decision. But Brandon Figol with a high knockout percentage as Jane Nater separates the two. This one is scheduled for 12. There's a left hook by Figoa. Figoa using his jab. They're telling Seaha to look at the waist of Bigoa to see where he's going to move to. And now Seah is coming forward tying up under a minute as elapsed here in the third. They want Sega to go ahead and shorten up his shots jab followed by the right hand. Hiding away on the body is Seha. Hiding away on the body is the 27y old Straight left followed by a left hook. Both men exchanging. Good body shots by Figodoa. 70 seconds left. Good body work by Julio Sea. Now Figo going right to work. ripping shots to the body. Oh, there's a big left back. Sea sea saying it was a shot below the belt by Figo pouncing on him. J watching the action. That might have been low. That was low for sure. J telling Figo to keep him up. It's also the fact that Sea's dipping his head down and crouching down. Figodoa really honing in on the body of Julio Sea. Double left hook by one Julio Sea. Couple of chopping left hands by Figoa. And that ends the third. These guys are getting after it. [Music] We'll listen into the red corner with Julio Sea and Ishmael Salas, his trainer. Look, I want you to keep your shots short. He throws hard. Look, don't throw at the head, throw at the body. We want you to stay short. Doesn't give him much of a target to throw at. Round four. This one is scheduled 412. Ray Forest ringside here at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas. Julio Seam Brandon Figaroa going at it for this our second bout here tonight. Figodoa now gone once again to Southpaw sea dipping down as listening to the instructions of Ismael Salas. We'll see if Figodoa can continue to pond away upon the body of Julio Sea. Figodoa said, "I want to be the talk of the boxing world on Monday morning when people are talking about this event." Means a lot for him to be fighting here on this particular stage of Las Vegas defending his world championship. Good work to the head by Figoa. Seam trying to unload on the body of Figoa as we are nearing the midway mark of the fourth. Good body work by Bigoa. Again, you see the sweat on the back of both men working very hard. Seaha stepping up his work rate too. A sweeping left hook that caught the attention of Seaha in body work on the inside by Figodoa. I like how Jad is letting them fight out of the break. They both just want to stand and trade and slug it out for Figodoa's mindset is pressure, pressure, pressure. He will systematically break you down. for Seaha. He has been unable to make Figoa uncomfortable. And that's what he needs to do is use his experience and make Brandon Figoa uncomfortable. Jane Haiti steps between the two as we approach the final moments of our fourth round between Brandon Figoam and Julio Sea. As we are into the fifth round there is Brandon Figoa looks over at Julio Seya and looks to go right back to work. jab followed by the straight right hand. You take a look at the connect percentage in favor of Brandon Figo. They're both rather similar. There's a big left hook that landed by Seaha. Figoa smiling. [Applause] They both are going toe- to- toe. Another left hook by Seaha. Sea connecting upon Figoa. Figodoa took that shot. Well, double left hook to the body by Figodora. Back comes the champion. And you hear Esme Salah saying, "Come on, Julio. Let's go." Sea throwing everything in the kitchen sink at Figola. Punches and bunches is an understatement. A left hook that connects by Sea. A chopping right hook upstairs for Figarola. What action between these two Mexican fighters. Left hook to the body by Figoa. Looks to step away. All right, to the temple of Sea. Yes. [Music] A left hook. A right hook by Figoam. Called by a left hook upstairs to the chin. Now I think we're seeing blood from the mouth of Julio Seaha. I believe that is blood from his mouth. Under a minute left. A vicious left hook to the body by Figoa. Figodoa still chasing him around. Final 30 seconds. Oh, left hook by Sea. Right hand by Sea. It's Fodoa. Came forward. Left hook to the body by Figoa. And that's the end of the fourth. Let's take a look at this action. Oh my. As that was the left hook that caught the attention of Brandon Figo. If there was any doubt as to if he could take a punch, well, it has been answered in that particular case because he was blasted at full force and then Seah would go ahead and respond with more more work. Taking a look at it one more time. There's a right that caught the attention of one Brandon Figoa. It's a big round for Julio Seaha who needs it in order to get back on track. Round six. This one is scheduled for 12. [Applause] Brandon Figo allowed Sea to get possibly back into this fight. A left hook to the body by Brandon Figodoa. Another one shopping right for the 22year-old champion. Right hand to the body for Figodoa. A minute has come off the clock here in the sixth round. Big right hand. A right hook upstairs for Figodoa. Figodoa no doubt is earning his paycheck tonight as Sea isn't going away. But if Figodoa finds a way to stop Julio Seaha, that is a statement victory. This is without question the biggest and most decorated opponent that Figo has been inside the ring with as we're just over the midway mark of the sixth. Left hook to the body by Figo. As we are approaching one minute to go here in the sixth, this has been an actionpacked fight. There's a right cross for Figo. Overhand right by Sei who connects P way on the body is Sea. A right hand down the center for Sea that momentarily backed up Figoa. A right hook for Figoa. Boys, the action intensifying between these two. Figoa and Sea. Listen into the corner of Brandon Figoa. [Music] You got this, [Music] Brandon. You're getting lazy. Come on. You're getting lazy. Wrong. Come on. Consistent. You got to be consistent. Okay. Put your combinations together. You can't be lazy with your hands. Hey, brother. Pick up your hands. Bring them back up. You got to bring it out. Don't stay in there. Good combination. Come on. [Music] Coming up on round seven. This one is scheduled for 12. Brandon Figer, the pride of the real Grand Valley area down in West Lu, Texas. He's the champion. He was supposed to put his title on the line tonight, but due to sale missing weight. The title is no longer on the line. Figoa has a little bit of a cut or a bruise outside of his left eye. It's not bleeding pounding away as Julio Seaha both hooks right now. Both men exchanging hooks. A right for Figodoa. The left hook to the body by Figoa. Back comes Julio Sea. Look at this action again. Both men throwing caution to the win. [Applause] They both they literally have their foreheads on one another and are pounding away on their bodies and going to work. A left hook that caught the jaw of Julio Seaha midway mark of the seventh round. If you're Brandon Figoa though, he loves hooks. He loves big power punches. It would serve him well though if he started things off with the jab. The jab is something that he needs to be able to set up those body punches and and really find a way to break down your opponent. Someone like Julio Seo has been in the ring. He's only two world title fights here in the United States. The left hook for Julio Seaha. It's one of those things that Seaha is only two world title fights, but he's been around for quite some time. So, you have to respect him and you know that he's going to give you various looks. I mean, he gave Riendal all that he could handle and some. So, what what can Brandon Figoa do? You got to start things off with the jab. Figoa chasing down Seaha. Seaha not hard to find. Doubling up on the left hook is Seaha as we near the end of round seven. A left hook for Seaha and round seven has drawn to a close. Just goes to show you how close these guys are fighting at. How with their ahead placement, look at the overhead. Look, look at this. They both literally are almost forehead to forehead and just pounding away on each other. It's like, "All right, you got a left hook. Here's my left hook. You want a left cross? I got a left cross. Oh, here's the right hook to boot." It's almost like a buffet of punches. And we are here in the United States, we're 5 days away from Thanksgiving, but I would not want to be eating body punches and punches to the facial region whatsoever. And there is Brendan Figo. I mentioned a little bit of a bruise outside of his left eye. I would have to say that this is probably the most damage that he has had in his young 4 plus year career. Round number eight. This one is scheduled for 12. Great to be with all of you here in Las Vegas. Thank you so much for joining us around the world wherever you are watching. Happy holidays to all of you and your families. Hope you enjoy this wonderful time with loved ones. But right now, there's no love loss between Brandon Figo and Julio Seahasa as they both continue to whail away upon one another and are absorbing quite a bit of power punches on both ends. Left hooks by Sea. Coming up next, our co-main event, Lao Santa Cruz and Miguel Flores. no relation to me, but they will match up against one another as Sea and Figa just continue to pound away on each other. Can you imagine just physically watching these guys throw as many body punches and power shots at each other? how much conditioning, how much work is involved to prepare yourself to go to battle even for eight to 10 rounds. I'll tell you that I've done some, you know, pounding away on on the on the heavy bag and after two rounds, I'm totally gassed out like I have run a marathon. These guys are fighting at the world class level and just throwing punches, moving, keeping themselves in positions to throw. It is absolutely remarkable what these gladiators put themselves through on a daily basis. More blood streaming from the mouth. I believe there is a cut outside of the right eye of Julio Seaha. Right hook that connected by Figodoa as we near the one minute mark in the eighth. Straight left for Figodoa. Crowd filing in here to the MGM Grand. Expected crowd of over 12,000 here in Las Vegas. Left hook for Figodoa. There's a straight right that connected. [Applause] If you're Figodoa, the focus is to not just look good, to look great tonight. But he certainly has his hands full with the very tough and ki Julio Poito Sea. And that means baby chicken. Poito means baby [Music] chicken. The fans getting excited into this matchup. Seaha and Figodoa continue to trade against one another as we head towards the ninth. And as for Brandon Figodoa, he's doing quite well against Julio Seah. Seah is Figo's first opponent with 30 plus wins. And for Brandon Figeroa, he has seven straight knockouts. Well, he has four more rounds to try to extend that to eight. Four rounds remaining in this super bantamweight clash. Now, don't forget that Julio Seaha cannot win the title because he missed weight yesterday. Seaha trying to paw in with the jab. Get a different look towards Figodoa. There's a left hook to the body by Sea followed by a straight right. Now Figoa using his jab, but it is something that he needs to use more of. Use your jab. Try to keep your distance. Figoa is almost smothering his own punches by not stepping back half a step. If he were to step back, half of a step, and then throw a hook to the body, that would give him more leverage. But an easier said than done against the veteran in Julio Seaha. There's a left hook for Seaha. Left hook to the body by Brandon Figoda. 80 seconds left now. I believe there's a little bit of a believe there's an abrasion above the right eyebrow or underneath the right eyebrow of Brandon Figoa. There seems to be an abrasion on the right eyelid of Brandon Figoa. I don't know if it's bleeding, but it is an abrasion. Might be a bad bruise. A right hook finding its destination for Figodoa. This is a physically taxing fight on both men. Not easy. You know that they're going to wake up tomorrow morning and be hurting. barreling into Figoa. And there now there is a a bruise or a cut outside the right eye of Brandon Figueroa. Doesn't seem to be dripping into his eye, but that is a bad bad cut outside of the eye of Brandon Figodoa. Ted Lucio will work on that. And that ends the [Music] ninth. Take a look at there's the cut above the right eyelid of Brandon Figodora. Repeat. Come on. You got to move your feet. Round 10. This one is scheduled for 12. Ray Flores ringside here in Las Vegas at the MGM Grand. Happy holidays everybody. Giving you an early holiday treat with our main event of Wild Ortiz the rematch. Using the jab as Figoam on and away is Julio Sea. Sea giving a good account of himself in the ring. And that is in spite of him missing the weight yesterday at the weigh-in. Shane Haiti will separate the two. Left hook to the body by Julio Seya again. Sea pressed the issue. Julio Sea 0 and2 at championship fights. His first attempt he went to the UK, lost to Jimmy McDonald, and then he was stopped by Hugo Ruiz in their rematch back in February of 2016. For Sei, he has yet to get in the wind column in nearly two years. It's his fourth fight in the United States for Seahai. He's one and two and all three fights have ended in stoppage. He's looking to get his United States record of two and two. [Music] Left hook cracking the ribs was Brandon Figodoa. Nice right hand down the center for Figodoa. Just over the halfway mark of the 10th. Such a privilege to be here in Las Vegas. It is buzzing for Wilder Ortiz 2. Deontay Wilder hasn't stepped inside the ring here in Las Vegas in nearly four years, over four years, going on five. A chopping right hand for Figodoa. [Applause] Using his jab as Figodoam coming forward as sea with the right hand charing the jaw is Julio Seaha again. Both men fighting at close distance. They are hammering away upon one another. Lab hook to the body. Julio Seaha is making Ren Figora work. Oh, there's a left hook that caught the attention of the Wesley [Applause] product. Figodoa goes back to southpaw as we are headed towards the final two rounds in this super bantamweight affair. That's the end of the 10th. Round 11. This one is scheduled for 12. Brandon Figodoa, Julio Seaha. They are battling upon one another. And again, Sei cracking away. Both men are starting off the 11th almost like they did in the first, just throwing big power shots. There's some water in the center of the canvas. Both men were trying to wipe their feet. Look at them go. This is action-packed. It's amazing to see how much both gentlemen can absorb because they've had their moments here in the fight. A left hook to the body by Brandon Figodoa. Figodoa is finding very similar to his brother Omad in the sense that they love to engage at close distance and throw a lot of punches. There's an overhand right by Seaha. Sea moving his head. Figodo looking to find him and he gets nailed with a left hook from Seaha. They are urging Ismael Salah telling Seaha they want a left hook to the body. That's what they want. Hooks. There's a right that snuck through the guard of Figoa. [Music] There's a straight left by the champion in Figoa. [Applause] [Music] And Sea tattooing Figoa with punches, but Figoa lumbering forward. Under a minute left in the 11th. There's a right hand that casually sprayed Figoa. Se having a very good round here and the blood is impacting Brandon Figaro. He wiped out the blood above his right eye momentarily. They both are now just slugging away. [Applause] [Music] As we are approaching the 12th and final round between Brandon Figoa and Julio Sea, both men are pounding away upon each other. Well, listen to the corner of [Music] [Applause] Julio. Over here. Over here. Keep throwing. Keep throwing. [Music] 12th and final round on the way in what has been a fun matchup to watch between these two combatants. Brandon Figodoa his sevenfight consecutive knockout streak is on the line. A right hook that connects the judges in this fight. Lisa Gia, Don Trella, Glenn Trobridge. We'll see if Sea goes for Broke. Figodoa advancing forward. There's a right hook that connects upstairs for Figoa. [Applause] Seaha and Figodoa both engaging a close distance. It is a war of attrition between these two fighters as a minute has come off the clock. Here's an overand right for Figodo left for the champion. the corner telling Julio, "You got to finish strong." There's a straight right that connects. [Music] [Applause] Over the halfway mark between these two They both are trading a right hand that backed up Julio Seaha. Sea has been bleeding from his mouth pretty much since the fourth round on. [Music] A left hook followed by a right. Look at them mix it up in the final minute of this super bantamweight clash. Left hook to the body by Figoa. Over and right that connected a left hook followed by a right for Figoa. Figoded pressing the issue and has been doing so pretty much the entire fight. Both men in tip-top shape to be able to fight at this level upon one another as we will likely go to the scorecards between Brandon Figoa and Julio [Applause] Sea. Terrific entertaining matchup. [Applause] Let's take a look at what we saw here in this fight. Both men having their moments. Hooks to the body. They fought so close to one another. This rink could have been 10 by 10. They would have still been okay. They wouldn't have used even that they would have had room to spare cuz look at how close they fought to one another distance-wise. Hook by Figo. A right hand. Seaha had his moments as well. Figareroa was looking to break down Seaha. Sei withtood the pressure and answered back. That was his best punch of the fight. The left hook as Figaro smiled at him. An indication that he was hurt again. Look at it. He kind of figured shakes his head as to say, "Okay, I understand." But both men throwing caution to the wind, pounding away on each other. And they put forth an entertaining show here on the big night of boxing on boxing's grandest stage here in Las Vegas. Figareroa and Sea will go the distance and Sea throwing. Look at this. So much fun to see these two just pound away upon each other and not give up one inch. As we await the decision There is Omar Figaroa senior in the corner of his son Brandon [Music] Figoa. And now with the decision here is Jimmy Lennon Jr. after ladies and gentlemen after 12 rounds of action we go to the scorecards. Judge at ringside Glenn Trobridge scores about 115 to 113 in favor of Brandon Figereroa. Judge at ringside Lisa Jumpa sees it 116 to 112 in favor of Julio Sea. And judge of ringside Don Trella scores the bout 114 to 114 even a draw. The decision is a split decision draw. So, it is a draw. Seaha gave a heck of a count. Here are the scorecards. Well, it was hard for me to score when being here at ringside calling the fight. Neither man necessarily pulled away and it is a draw. So, it happens to be the first, if you're going to call it a blemish, on the record of Brandon Figo. This one goes the distance and he's standing by with Heidi Androl. Thank you very much, Brian. Well, Brandon, what a fight. I know you expected him to come in with pressure. You expected him to come in with the combinations. He most definitely did that. Did you believe that this was very close and did you think you won it? Yes, I mean I think I did win the fight. Um, you know, he did come put pressure, but I feel like I I felt better in in the earlier rounds and I finished off strong. You know, he came in 4 12 lbs over. How much was that adding fuel to your fire in this fight? I mean, I'm basically fighting a guy above my weight class, but you know, we never said no to fight. We took the fight, but I'm pretty sure if he was to weigh 122, that would have, you know, it wouldn't even be a close fight. You know, you said that you wanted to prove that you were a true champion. Tonight, you faced, I think it was 30 uh 373 punches landed. That is the most you've ever faced in a fight. Do you feel like you've proven that you are a true champion for those critics out there? Uh yes, ma'am. But you know, uh definitely we got to run the rematch back, but this time he better make 122. All right. Thank you so much. All right. We'll send it over to Jordan. Heidi Felix De Jesus will translate for us. That was a great fight. You guys were throwing punches. You were taking punches. Well, where do you feel you fell short? First of all, this fight is for all you fans that came out here to see me. Thank you. Thank you for being here. Now, he's saying that he would like to run it back, have a rematch. What do you think about doing that? [Applause] Yeah, he was a man about it. He gave me the rematch and uh you know, he gave me the fight. So now I'm ready for the rematch. I think I won, but uh you know, if they called it a tie, that's fine. I respect the judge's opinion. But uh definitely I want the rematch if it's available.