Kind: captions Language: en Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. We want to thank all of our media members that are here as they are taking part in our virtual press conference brought to you by Premier Boxing Champions as we get you set for another great event. Saturday, October 25th, the WBC super welterweight world champion, Sebastian the Towering Inferno Fund looks can continue his dominant 154 pound reign against the former unified world champion Keith one-time Thurman in an explosive clash that is headlining another fantastic PBC pay-per-view event on Prime Video from the MGM Grand Garden Arena in the fight capital of the world, Las Vegas, Nevada. But today we have our fighters that are going to be looking to steal the show and they are headlining our co-main event as we have a clash of champions with two division world champion Steven Fulton Jr., The reigning WBC featherweight world champion moving up to take on the WBC super featherweight world champion Oshaki Foster in 130 lb world title fight. That is going to be our two men that will be here with us on our virtual press conference. But also on the pay-per-view, rising Mexican star Jesus Mono Ramos faces top contender Shane Mosley Jr. for the interimm WBC middleweight world title. And kicking off our pay-per-view event at 8:00 p.m. Eastern time, 5:00 p. p.m. Pacific, Mexico's rising young contender, Isach Lucett takes on Robert Valenuela Jr. Tickets are available right now at axs.com. So, make sure to grab your tickets for this fantastic event from MGM Grand Garden Arena. Plus, in addition to being available for purchase on Prime Video, regardless of your Prime membership, fans will be able to continue to access the telecast through traditional cable and satellite satellite outlets as well as ppv.com. The event is of course promoted by TGB Promotions and Samson Boxing. And our co-main event, Fulton versus Foster, is promoted in association with Top Ring. This event is sponsored by DraftKings Sportsbook. The crown is yours. Now, let's get to our first fighter, the man that will be defending his WBC super featherweight world title. He comes in with the record 23 victories, 12 by knockout, three defeats fighting out of Orange, Texas as he reclaimed his world title in his last bout by avenging a controversial split decision defeat to Robson Consens. Please help me welcome Oshaki Foster. &gt;&gt; Hey, how's it going, my guy? &gt;&gt; Welcome in Oshaki. you know, how excited are you to get ready? We're just a few weeks away, a little bit uh almost a month away exactly, um before you'll be stepping into the ring on pay-per-view looking across the ring against Steven Falton Jr. &gt;&gt; Oh man, we feeling good. Training going well. Um we right on schedule. We got five weeks, four weeks and of training left. So, we just locked in. &gt;&gt; Now, I know you guys had the kickoff press conference a couple of weeks ago, and there was a a little bit of war words between you and Fulton, and I think that surprised a lot of people that were watching and media members in attendance because, you know, you guys didn't, you know, there's never been really rumblings of of you two having any sort of animosity. What was it about, you know, that interaction on the first press conference? Um, you know, that sparked some of that, uh, animosity. &gt;&gt; Um, for me, it's all the disrespect. Um, just like you announced, um, all of his disrespect, just like you announced, oh, Fton versus Foster. No, it's Foster versus Fton. Off the rip. We fighting for my title. We ain't fighting for his title. So, and I get they trying to run it as a as a champion verse champion, but it's a respect thing in the end of the at the end of the day. Y'all disrespecting me as the champion, you know what I mean? By by just just at all. So, you know what I mean? That's that's where all the energy came from. And I feel like he the one crying on the back end trying to get all this to look like this to to pee his ego. You know what I mean? Cuz it ain't right how how a lot of this stuff going. But like I said, man, I plan on making them pay for it on the 25th. So, it's all good. &gt;&gt; Now, you know, going into this fight against against Bolton, that was going to be my next question. It you obviously answered that you feel certainly disrespected by it. With that disrespect and that motivation going into October 25th, do you feel like it's not good enough just to get, you know, a win? You need to be dominant. you need to put sort of an exclamation mark on that to really prove your point. Um maybe um I'm just focused on putting on the best performance that I can and and and just showing the doubters and proving the proving everybody wrong. That's that's my biggest thing and and whatever comes out of it comes out of it. But we we will be leaving with our hand raised. &gt;&gt; I see we got your opponent uh and we'll bring him on right now as he's um just joined us coming in with a record of 23 and one, eight wins by knockout out of West Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The reigning WBC featherweight world champion looking to become a three division world champion and looking to solidify himself as one of the top pound-for-pound fighters in the sport. We have uh most he recently earned the 126-lb world title back in February with a second win over Brandon Figareroa. And uh that was a very dominant performance. So please help me welcome Stephen Scooter Fulton Jr. &gt;&gt; Y'all got you got to clap when you say that. You got started clapping. You said welcome. You got to clap. &gt;&gt; What's up? &gt;&gt; Well, welcome all man. Uh we appreciate you joining us here. So, we have Foster. He was able to say a few words and and we'll certainly get to him uh with a little bit more back and forth, but wanted to bring you on um as well. And I kind of alluded this to Foster. Uh I think uh same question to you. I think there was a lot of surprise um from media members, you know, from your first interaction just a couple of weeks ago, the kind of heated words that you guys exchanged going back and forth. Um, do you believe that's more so on his end or on your end? Um, he obviously feels, he has said it, he feels disrespected on, uh, you know, the buildup for this fight, you know. How are you feeling about, you know, the animosity that's been brewing between you two? Uh I wouldn't say it's animosity. I understand like the frustration uh from you know his aspect from boxing overall but you know business is business and I and uh I I was in that space before and I know how these things go. So I'm more calmer when it come to these things now and I just let things go as they go. So I mean it's not no animosity though. Now, your last fight against Figueroa, you I mean, you just mentioned it. You were the underdog. You know, you a lot of people were picking Figueroa going into that fight. Um, many were doubting you going into it. Um, and you ended up looking outstanding and it was a dominant performance. Um, what made you want to move up after that fight, move up another weight class? Was what was the motivation and reasoning behind it? Was it a third world title? Was it the fight against Foster or was it both? &gt;&gt; It was the weight. I ain't want I wasn't about to make the same mistakes I did in the past. So I I'm like I can't make this no more. This will be my last fight here at this weight class. &gt;&gt; Now um I'll go back to you Foster. Uh you know same thing you had options as the world champion. I mean you're you are the WBC world champion at 130 lbs. Um, you certainly could have done pretty much whatever you you desired. Uh, you talked about you could have gone up. Um, why pick Fton for this fight? Um, I just felt like, um, it was the perfect opportunity for me to get a big name or a big opponent that's that's a lot a lot more accomplished in front of me and just to have that kind of name on my resume. So just just that's that's really the big thing. You know what I mean? We've been paying attention to bro to uh Fold and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] It's a it's a good fight to come across our table. &gt;&gt; Now over to you uh Stephen in an interview Foster has mentioned you know that he believes that you lost something in the Inu fight. He said that you know you look like a totally different fighter since that fight. You felt that you have slower hands, slower feet. What do you say to that? &gt;&gt; I say I gain I gain more than I've lost in my mental space. And that has allowed me to fight better in my eyes. Me going into these fights in a different in a different head space is the best thing I that that that happened to me. Me taking that loss was the best thing that ever happened to me. Cuz now I don't walk around getting upset about things that I can't control. I know how to control things now and I know I know what they expect out of people in the ring, outside the ring, the media, the builder. I know how they like I know how to handle myself now. I know how to just expect these things. And it and it gave me the sense of not really putting my energy in the things I can't control and not giving a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] So I I gained a lot mentally and that's what as long as if my mental is is perfect then I fight I fight perfect. So that's that's I gained from it &gt;&gt; unless I lost anything. &gt;&gt; Now obviously the storyline you know something that people have mentioned is going up another weight class to 130 lbs. um for maybe casual fight fans that they just kind of look, oh, he's going up another weight class. That's a that's a dangerous thing. But we also just saw uh Bud Crawford go up two weight classes uh to become another undisputed world champion. Um what can you tell those fans that maybe don't have the insight and aren't with you every day that maybe what are some of the benefits for you um moving up to another weight class? Even though it will be a first fight for you at 130 lbs, what are the benefits for you going up another weight class? &gt;&gt; I I will be more fuller. My my body weight, my punching power, uh my my my combinations, my endurance. I'll be a lot more uh I will be a lot more experienced in those fields and carry on more of my uh comfortability with comfortable weight. I'll be more comfortable, a lot closer to the weight where I can rehydrate to and things like that. I'll be more closer. But like you said, like Terence Crawford did it. So like the ones that feel like it's a big step. It's not nothing is a big step, especially when you're trying to be great. We like my first fight at this weight class is a is a world champion. You can't you can't take that away from him or me. So, it's like that right there explain that right there explains what I'm trying to do &gt;&gt; in in my career. Like I I want to be one of the Greeks. I'm already a great fighter, but I want to be one of the ones that they mention like, oh, well accomplished. He's did this a top 10 pound-for-pound. I like those things. I like I love those accolades as well, you know, but first and foremost, I have to do this for me. So, this this is like a a gift to myself by challenging myself once again. All right. Now, we will uh I'll turn things over to Andrew as we have uh many media members on. So, uh they are going to ask away. We have Foster and Fulton. So, just please raise your hand and Andrew will try to get to you guys. &gt;&gt; Remember, Flores, hey, this ain't no Canelo versus Crawford. This Foster versus Fton, bro. That ain't that ain't going that way. Y'all trying to create notes. I'm coming in. I'm handling business, bro. &gt;&gt; All right. Thank you for that, Miguel. Um, as a reminder to all the media that are joining us, if you have any questions for the fighters, please hit the raise hand icon. Uh, we're going to start off our first media questions are going to come from Alan Dawson with Uncrowned for Yahoo Sports. Allan, go ahead and unmute yourself and you can ask your questions. &gt;&gt; Hi, I think I've unmuted myself. Can you guys hear? &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Perfect. I've got a question for for each of the guys. I'll start with um Stephen. You know, you've seen so many different styles in the ring. You've got a great resume with wins over Angelo Leo, Brandon Figaro, and you've been in the ring of Naio Enui, too. How different is Oshaki Foster's style? And, you know, what kind of things in your training, sparring partners, uh, and coaching have you done to adapt to, you know, quite a complicated defensive master? &gt;&gt; Well, uh, we continue to do what we do in the in the gym. You know, we work on what we need to work on and things like that. uh we just enhance the things that we feel like we can uh how can you say it um take away from his game as well as strengthen mine. So there's not really much that I can say about that, but we we work we we're working. &gt;&gt; And Oshaki, you know, you've you've been on the wrong end, I think, of a few decisions, you know, particularly Robson Conc, which you avenged. Uh, you know, seeing how close I know you're saying this is, you know, Foster and Fton, but you know, we've we see judges put in questionable scorecards. Even Canelo Crawford, Crawford, I think, should have been far wider, you know, rather than 115 113. you've been on the wrong end of a bad decision yourself. You know, how confident are you in the in boxing's judges right now? You know, Shakur Stevenson supported you on, you know, when you had that, you know, bad decision go against you last year. Uh, you know, have you had to adjust your style or anything to kind of get the attention of of the judges for what you do so well in the ring? &gt;&gt; Um, I really don't think about the judges too much. I mean, you going into if I go into fights thinking about the judge is gonna take it from me, then I probably ain't gonna fight to my full ability. But I will say this, um, the first fight with Conia, it definitely taught me something, like I keep saying, you know, just not to be complacent. Um, always finish strong, you know, stuff like that. So, that's what I plan on doing for the rest of my career. Not letting nobody make it, not letting not trying to let it go to unanimous decision. just, you know, work and keep it keep it consistent throughout the fight type, you know what I mean? &gt;&gt; All right, thanks very much for shocki. Thanks for those questions, Allan. Our next media questions are going to come from Keith with the ring. Keith, please unmute yourself and you can ask your questions. &gt;&gt; Um, my first question is for uh Stephen. Stephen, you mentioned earlier that you're done at 126 pounds. Have you alerted the WBC to that? because obviously you still have the uh title, but you have you told them that yet or &gt;&gt; no? &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; But but you're not going to fight at 126 anymore? &gt;&gt; Not sure. I'm not really I'm not really focused on that right now. I'm focused on this fight in front of me and that's all. &gt;&gt; Okay. Uh my other question is for Oshaki. Shaki, what what did you think of Fulton's performance against uh Brandon Figueroa because he you know he beat him convincingly uh and it was a very good performance most people thought. What did you think of it? &gt;&gt; I mean I thought it was all right. I didn't like think it was this great ass performance like y'all trying to say like like the first guy that was talking Gabe Flores and how y'all just talking like it was just a just like a Canelo ver like Crawford just did Canelo or something. I think I thought it was a good performance. Like he won and and did what he was supposed to do. But y'all I feel like y'all kind of like the fans and everybody trying to I I feel like he did better in the first fight than like I thought the first fight looked a better type, you know what I mean? Like more sharper, more you know what I mean? I thought it looked better the first fight, but the second fight I mean he won. He he did good. Like I don't think it was as great um showing like y'all saying. You get what I mean? But it was a great it was a good fight. He won. You know what I mean? It's big. &gt;&gt; All right. Thanks very much. Appreciate those questions. Keith, our next media question is gonna come from Ron Goodall with Fight Hype. Uh Ron, please unmute yourself and you can ask your question. &gt;&gt; All right. Can you guys hear me? &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Awesome. I got a question for both. Um first question comes to Stephen Fton. Um for a long time your your face offs are pretty serious. You pretty much have like a serious look, but the last face off you started smiling, looked like you had a good time. Um, was that just confidence when you were facing off with Oshaki? &gt;&gt; I'm just in a good space right now, bro. That's what I That's what I be speaking on where I'm in a good space. I'm happy. I'm enjoying myself. I know not to take things so serious anymore. And when I do things like that, I just enjoy myself when I'm in the ring. You get a better me. You get a better version of me. I don't have to be hostile towards every opponent or just in general. And but I know how to I I normally would bring the same energy that my opponent is bringing, but I know how to just control the narrative now. And just you know what? I'm not on that or I'm just on some chill stuff. But like I just said, I'm in a good space right now, bro. I'm in a good space. &gt;&gt; And uh my follow-up question to Foster, um you know, a lot of fighters speak of how much they've learned from like losses and Steven has mentioned how he's in a lot better space from learning from those experiences. Can you relate to that kind of same kind of sentiment or you know I know everyone wants to be undefeated but do you look at the same way as those are opportunities to learn and get better? &gt;&gt; Nah, I'mma be honest. I ain't going to let him get away with that. That [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] was nervous energy. That that chuckling little laugh and chuckling then when he seen I wasn't laughing he got serious face. That [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] wasn't no he was nervous energy. But for me, I really don't I really whatever energy I bring, I'm bringing that same energy every time, whether I say something or not. See, I just was a little bit more vocal in this press conference. A lot more vocal because of the disrespect and all that. But every fight I come in and I'm looking looking at these people like they trying to take something off my plate. No, it's not. It ever be personal because it's a sport. But bro, I'm I'm I'm coming to to I'm not playing like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] However, the energy I brought then last the last press conference is how I bring it every press conference. Like I say, I just don't get the opportunity to talk like I did. &gt;&gt; All right. Thank you for those questions, Ron. Our next question is going to come from Cynthia Ki with the best women's boxing show period. Uh Cynthia, please unmute yourself and you can ask your question. &gt;&gt; Can you guys hear me? &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Uh this question is for Steven Fulton. You mentioned that uh you know pretty much anyone that's ever lost in the ring that you learn about yourself and with your loss against Naoa in a way obviously you learned something about yourself, but was there something that you learned about Naoa in the ring that you're able to bring into this fight and into your future fights? like some of the crafty moves that he did and you're like, "Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that was good." &gt;&gt; No, I just focus on my own game and just uh take the mental aspect away from whatever I learned by my first defeat. That's all. I fight my fight. I fight my style. Um and you know, with me, Boosey, uh and the team doing the gym, you know, we we do our own thing and we learn and I learn from them things. &gt;&gt; Okay. And Oh, go ahead. &gt;&gt; No, you're good. &gt;&gt; You're done. Okay. And then this is for both of you. Be nice, guys. Can you guys say something positive about each other in the ring? Oshaki, what's something positive about Steven Fulton as a fight fan that you watch when you watch him and vice versa, Stephen? As a fight fan, what do you see positive about Oshaki as a fighter? &gt;&gt; Uh, I don't really watch him. Um, so the things I that I did see I can say uh he he he he be with the smoke. I guess that's positive. &gt;&gt; How about you, Shaky? Uh, I say, you know, man, two two two two-way world champion. You know what I mean? That's I I guess you could, you know what I mean? That's positive, I guess. You know what I mean? That's &gt;&gt; I'm flying [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] too. I'm fly too. You know what I'm saying? Fly [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That's That's positive, man. That's That's You feel me? That's what it is. All right. Thank you very much for those questions. Cynthia, uh, next up we have Mark Lenal for Done News. Mark, please unmute yourself and you can ask your questions. &gt;&gt; All right, Stephen. Um, you're coming up and wait, but Oshaki has been adamant and saying um that his skills will be the difference maker. What are your thoughts about that? &gt;&gt; Um, he's a fighter. He believe in he believe in his skills. So, it's the same as me. So there's nothing I can say about bad about that because I would say the same thing if I believe in my skills. So and my job is to show him that there is levels experience matters. I've been in there with four different world champions. So it's like my job is to show him that I'm experienced show the experience and show my talent as well. That's just my job. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. Gotcha. And this question is for both. Um, Oshak, you said this is the biggest moment in your career. Why do you feel like that? And Stephen, what does this fight represent for you at this stage in your career? I mean, I guess I say it's the biggest moment of my career because this fight of what take me where I want to go in the sport of boxing. You get what I'm saying? Um, that's that's really what I meant by that. You know what I mean? That's really what I mean by it's the most important fight of my career. &gt;&gt; And Stephen, &gt;&gt; this fight was just uh put me in the Hall of Fame. It was just stamp it. It would be like the icing on the cake for me. So that's why it's an important job, important task for me. &gt;&gt; Perfect. Thank you. All right. Appreciate those questions, Mark. We got time. We'll try to get to a few more here. Uh, next up, we have Abraham Gonzalez for Fights Around the World. Abraham, please unmute yourself and you can ask your questions. &gt;&gt; All right. Uh, gentlemen, uh, good morning, good afternoon. Um, first question is for the champ, Ushaki Foster. Uh, it's been a little bit of a started stop for you the last 12 months with this fight. it was supposed to be on this date and then that day it got moved around. How did you how were you able to uh to navigate through like maybe like the the mental tug of wars and the physical ones trying to start and stop a training camp uh and and not knowing if a fight was going to happen or not. &gt;&gt; Um I was just I ain't going to lie, I didn't it didn't frustrate me or nothing. I mean, um, of course, we would have loved the the first date because it was, uh, not gonna lie, like this fight ain't ain't big, but that was a much, you know, much bigger fight. Um, but all in all, I never I I never stopped trying. I've been just sharpening my tools and getting to it this whole time. So, it ain't really It really wasn't no starting stop for me. It's just was getting healthy. That was my first part of it. And then, you know what I mean, just sharpening everything up, making sure I'mma be the most skilled when I get in the ring. &gt;&gt; All right. And then this question is for Stephen Fulton Jr. Um, I've noticed that, you know, you keep reflecting back to you um being a more uh patient person and um and and not getting not allowing certain things to get to you. Um this is a little different than than the Steven Fulton we've seen a few years ago that it might have bothered you you know certain things. Uh what do you contribute uh that patience to like what help what changed in your life that contributed to uh you having a different aura about yourself? &gt;&gt; Uh you losing and seeing how people turned their back. &gt;&gt; Seeing how everybody treated me. seeing how going through family stuff, life life lessons. That's what it that's what it was. And it just made me a headache. It forced me to be patient. You know what I'm saying? So now I'm patient. I just sit back and I'll be like before I just go off with something and make a make a permanent decision or judgment. I just sit back now, think about it, and just, you know what, it ain't even worth it. I just let it go. So that's but now I take that patience into the ring as well. You know, you have to be patient in that ring. Even though it's a high pace sport, you still have to be patient. &gt;&gt; So if you can manage that, &gt;&gt; you can you can you can manage anything. &gt;&gt; All right. Thank you, Stephen. Appreciate those questions, Abraham. Um, next up we have David Malandra. If you could please unmute yourself and ask your questions for Sports Talk Philly. &gt;&gt; My questions for uh Stephen. Hey uh Stephen, what's the main thing you can take away from your last fight going into this one? uh just me not giving a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] So, I didn't care that last fight. I was just whatever was going to happen was going to happen. And I can say the same thing for this fight. Just going there not giving a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And that's when I fight my best when I don't care about uh I don't put too much into the fight itself or how big the fight is, what I'm fighting for, things like that. Just don't care about what the media is saying the far as like not this type of media, but more so what the social media and the the casual. Don't pay that. I don't pay that. don't mind any mind. A lot of people say he's going to win. A lot of people say I'm going to win. But the thing is none of that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] none of them things matter when we step until we get in the ring. You know what I'm saying? So I try not to pay those things any mind. &gt;&gt; Final. &gt;&gt; Oh, I'm sorry about that, David. I thought &gt;&gt; Yeah, Dave, we holl at you though. I'm sorry, &gt;&gt; David. Sorry about that. I had uh I hit it a little too soon there. If you had a followup. So my my followup for you for Stephen would be do you believe Philadelphia boxing is back where it needs to be especially being able to host some fights being these big type of roles like especially yourself Jeronis Jesse Hart and Danny Garcia &gt;&gt; yes I do I believe it is yes and it's been like that for a while man I've been um before BS was champion and when Danny had lost I've been holding the city down for like four or five years straight conse consecutively So now that when Boots became world champion, he's he's he's running he's running it up with the torch and he's been bringing big fights back to the city of Philadelphia. So I definitely would like to do a card with him in one day in Philadelphia. That'll be a soldout event. &gt;&gt; All right, perfect. Thanks again for those questions, David. Uh I know we're tight on time here. Our last media questions for today are going to come from James Bell with the Boxing Source. James, if you could please unmute yourself, you can ask your questions. &gt;&gt; All right. Thanks, Andrew. Uh, my first question here is for Saki Foster. In the press conference, you said like, I'm going to show everyone who's doubting me, and once I show everyone what I'm really about, there won't be any questions about me. Now, for this upcoming fight here against Stephen Fton, like, what are you going to show to the people and yourself there as far as like proving yourself to be one of the best uh super featherweights in the world? Um, I just plan on showing a new a new wrinkle to my game. Well, not a new wrinkle, but you know, um, well, we I had a we could say I had a a rough last year, I guess. Yeah, we could say that. You know what I mean? And I just feel like ever since then, uh, people just feel like I ain't I ain't been worthy of being a champion or like I won the belt on accident or whatever. So, you know, being that people think stuff sweet and I know my potential. I know my ability. Um, I made some changes over the last few months and everything. So, I just plan on y'all gonna see a different me when I go out there this time. It's going to be the sharpest, the best fighter out that I've been, you know what I mean? So, I'm just looking forward to it. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. And my question for Stephen Fulton, like we talked uh at the press conference after the press conference for your rematch against Brandon Figuro and you talked about that moment of clarity after your loss to Naway and how you're approaching you know your career from this point forward as like a as you said to not give a you know not give a attitude here. So do you think that's kind of like really made you be more I would say you know what I'm good so I don't really have to care about what anybody says. says, "I'mma just do me." &gt;&gt; I said not giving the attitude or what what I say. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Not giving a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] man. I would just say not giving a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You feel me? &gt;&gt; Yeah. There it is. No, but uh No. Yeah, man. I just That's That's what carries That's what carries me on now, bro. You don't care about what people say. Just don't care about it. Like when you when you when you put too much energy in that, you put too much energy into the wrong things. It's like nothing that these people say is going to matter. You got to think about where we're at and what we're doing and the height of our careers. World champions, two time, three time, four times, two weight division. The things that we accomplish and things that these people who are constantly bashing us fighters are are accomplishing. It's like night and day. They not nowhere no nowhere near us financially or accomplishment wise. So it's like once I understood this is what these people supposed to do cuz we're the entertainers like we're still an entertainment business business like when you when you look at it that way you like man don't you start to keep your mouth shut man it's only don't only worry about it go in one ear out the other so all right thank you Stephen um and thank you James for those questions thank you to all the media that joined us today um we appreciate both Stephen and Oshaki for your time. Uh, that's it for our media questions. With that, I'm going to turn it over to Miguel. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I was all late, man. My bad, y'all. I was late. I was in the gym. &gt;&gt; We appreciate you. I'm gonna turn it back over to Miguel. We'll get closing comments from the fighters. &gt;&gt; All right. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Andrew. And, uh, I want to thank all our media members for joining us on our call. And, uh, we'll get kind of closing comments from both men. We'll start with you, Foster. You know, what can fans expect October 25th? You guys are the co-main event and obviously looking to steal the show, &gt;&gt; guys. Start with the challenger, man. Start with the challenger, man. Finish with the champion, man. Finish with &gt;&gt; That's what they doing. They start with the challenger. Go ahead. &gt;&gt; Nah, he over there. &gt;&gt; I got you. Look, I got you. I'mma take it over. I'mma take it over. I'm &gt;&gt; Go. Go ahead, Paul. Go. &gt;&gt; I'm going I'm going to take the show over. Look, &gt;&gt; what they expect is an action-packed fight. Two hungry young fighters are going to lay it out on the line. He got something to prove. I have something to prove. It's going to be an action pack fight and we going to throw that leather. You know what I'm saying? Thumping in that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [Laughter] &gt;&gt; All right. Thank you. Not and &gt;&gt; but I but I will become three division real world champ bro. That's it. &gt;&gt; Nah. Hell no. Look. Look. We ain't gonna let them finish it off that. October 25th. We gonna see y'all. Hey, like my bro said, fireworks. But hey, we standing on business. That belt ain't going nowhere. You feel me? It's up. &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; Back to the city. &gt;&gt; All right. Thank you guys. Gentlemen, &gt;&gt; do &gt;&gt; it. Was a pleasure, guys. It was a pleasure to have you guys on. We look forward to seeing you fight week once again, ladies and gentlemen. October 25th, it all goes down. MGM Grand Garden Arena, Las Vegas, Nevada. We got Fedora Thurman. We got Foster and Fulton. You do not want to miss it. It's a PBC pay-per-view event on Prime Video. &gt;&gt; We will all see you fight week. &gt;&gt; I'm g see y'all. Good energy, y'all. Be safe out here.