Kind: captions Language: en And we are set for one of the most anticipated fights in the boxing calendar. Two world class operators top of the food chain fighting for two of the four major titles. Undefeated Steven Fulton Jr. defending his straps against former unified champion Danny Roman. And now, ladies and gentlemen, the time has come for the featured attraction of the evening. Please welcome the boxers as they make their way to the ring. First, here is the challenger from Los Angeles. He's the former unified 122 lb champion of the world, known as the babyfaced assassin, Danny Roman. Heat. Heat. [cheering] One of the nice guys in the sport, a role model indeed, the ambassador for the Sweet Science, Danny Roman. Yeah, he's now 32 coming off the longest layoff of his pro career at 13 months. And yet maybe because of all of the wear and tear, he feels it could be a benefit. He actually uh really changed up his training camp and trained, as they say, smarter, not necessarily harder. And he feels he's the strongest he's ever been. And really, it's imperative that he start faster than we've seen in recent fights. And he believes the difference in this fight is that he is a much more skilled technician than Brandon Figueroa and Angelo Leo, who are fantastic fighters, but they are come ahead fighters that just throw a lot of volume. Lamman believes his tactical skills will help him in this combined record of his 11 most recent opponents including Fulton an amazing 208 and three with seven of those 11 foes being unbeaten. You are looking at the cream of the crop at 122 lbs in Danny Roman. And now, ladies and gentlemen, from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, here is the current undefeated unified 122 lb champion of the world known as Cool Boy Steph. Here is Steven Fulton Jr. bar spitter be love spitting the lyrics to don't change well Steven Fulton he doesn't want to change the way life has been going for him unbeaten unified but you can expect change when you least expect it from Steven Fulton because here's a guy who when it comes to the sweet science, as sweet as they come, amazing jab, can be hell on wheels from mid and long range. And yet in those fights that he was involved in back to back to become unified champion, he beat his opponents Angelo Leo and Brandon Figueroa at their own game going into trench warfare. the question Abner does Folson continue to play with fire by repeatedly fighting an inside fight when he has an advantage in speed and that long range boxing ability that's the thing you don't know what to expect from Fton because honestly he can do it all this [music] could be either a chess match or an allout war from Fton and of course you got to give him his respect this is a guy that's been fighting tough fight after tough fight [music] and not only that he is giving the guy Roman who once was a world champion and did not give Fton an opportunity. He has given that man an opportunity tonight. Let's look at the numbers for these two fighters and you'll see that the dimensions of these men [music] are very very similar but the number not on here as Marl referenced is a one-year layoff for the 32year-old Roman. Now that is the longest layoff of his career. We're going to see how that factors in. He dismisses it but we'll see if it's a factor. All right, from this soldout crowd here at the Armory in Minneapolis, Minnesota, we are set for the main event introductions. We are set for the maestro on the microphone, Jimmy Lennon Jr., [music] Ladies and gentlemen from the Armory here in Minneapolis, Minnesota, Premier Boxing Champions presents the featured bout of the evening brought to you by Warriors Boxing, TGB Promotions, Thompson Boxing Promotions and Showtime, sponsored by DraftKings Sportsbook and Geico. This unified title bout is presented in association and sanctioned by the WBC, the president Mauriciosman, supervisor Nancy Rodriguez, the WBO president Francisco Val Carcel, supervisor Michael Pernick, along with the Minnesota Office of Combat Sports Program Director is Matt Shoalter. Our judges scoring this bout from ringside from Wisconsin, Mike Fitzgerald. from Illinois, Patrick Moley. And from Indiana, Nathan Palmer. Introducing our third man to the ring. He'll be giving instructions after the introductions. Our referee is Mark Nelson. [cheering] All right, fans. Here we go with the main event of the evening. 12 rounds of boxing scheduled for the unified WBC and WBO 122 lb championship of the world. And now, ladies and gentlemen in attendance and boxing fans joining us around the world, live from Minneapolis, Minnesota, it's show time. [applause] Introducing to you first, the challenger on my left, fighting out of the red corner, entering the ring, wearing camouflage trunks, fighting out of and representing his home of Los Angeles, California. He weighed in at 121 and 12 lbs with a record of 29 wins, three losses, and one draw. He has 10 wins coming by way of knockout tonight in his seventh world title appearance and ranked the number two WBC contender number one in the world by the WBO. Ladies and gentlemen, presenting the challenger and the former WBA and IBF 122 lb champion of the world. Introducing the babyfaced assassin, Danny Roan. [cheering] And his opponent across the ring, the defending world champion, fighting out of the blue corner, wearing tan trunks with blue and orange trim, fighting out of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He weighed in the same as his opponent, 121 and 12 lbs. He is undefeated in his campaign to the ring with a record of 20 wins, no losses, eight wins coming by way of knockout. tonight in his third world title appearance. Ladies and gentlemen, here is the undefeated and defending unified WBC and WBO 122 lb champion of the world. Introducing Cool Boy Stephen Fton Jr. in charge now instructions, Mark Nelson. All right, Stephen and Daniel, you had your instructions in the dressing room. You both know exactly what I expect. A good, clean championship fight. Obey my commands and protect yourself at all times. Good luck. Minnesota referee Mark Nelson in charge of this 122 lb unified title fight. 30 years of pro experience. His 843rd pro bout. Steven Fulton Jr. absorbed 248 body shots in his last two fights, but he did not show any signs of wilting. In fact, it seemed to make him fight harder. You know that Danny Roman is going to look to attack the body. They say in life that only death and taxes are guaranteed. Two highquality operators at 122 lbs guaranteed to entertain the bell and round one. And I'm going to say for the record, I've looked forward to this fight as much as any fight I've done in three or four years. And like I say, you've been ringside for some of the most scintillating scraps in 122 lb history. So that means something coming from you, my man. It's going to be a good match. They both land about 40% of their power punches, which is everything other than the jab. That's an excellent stat for both men. And there's that lightning quick jab already on display for Falton. Abner, you and I, when we were watching tape, we you told me it's imperative that that Roman start faster than we have seen in recent fights. How can he do that against Fulton? Oh, just as he's doing right now, jabbing faster, becoming an aggressive fighter, but a smart one. I mean, like I said in the beginning, this could either be a chess match or an all war, but you know, coming from both fighters, they're really uh technical. I like the jab that Roman is using. And Falton utilizing his boxing here in round one, utilizing the jab from long range. Diversifying his attack. Early attack to the body by Fulton with the jab. Fton does have a a 2 and 1/2 in reach advantage which he hopes will aid him if they're on the outside. Try to get sneaky with that overhand lead right hand by Fulton. There's a nice jab to the body by Roman. And again, he'll he'll have to go through a little bit of hell to get close to the range that he really wants to fight a guy like Fulton. Fton speed and combinations on display already for both men really when Fulton throws a one two or a jab Roman either comes back with that same combination or something different but really uh they're really uh ablely matched right now and Al of course Roman is very good at countering in combination. Yeah, he's a very good combination puncher. He's told us I'm going to take a round to figure out for and then I'm going to get going. So we'll see if if that is the case. Sharp jab by Fulton. Flush to the nose of Roman. Under a minute left and it is Fulton with the jab. The speed and the reach advantage that is dictating the terms of this opening round. Yeah, that type of speed you want to use if you're Fton because it's going to be a lot harder for Roman to counter to counter those punches. Roman trained by Eddie Gonzalez. Fulton trained by Wahed Raheem. And Raheem telling us that Fulton can can, you know, THROW 400 JABS IN A TRAINING session in their gym in Philadelphia. I mean, that stick is really everything in the sport. And there's the pressure of Roman on display, but then he gets stopped with a right hand by Fulton. And good defense, good body movement from the unified champion. So, a nice start for Steven Fulton Jr. as Danny Roman tries to corral him. [music] What do these men have to do to win? Well, for Steven Fulton, uh he is a terrific counter puncher. He's lived out off that in the last two fights. He sometimes languishes on the ropes. Roman will be harder to counter there than his last two opponents were. His left hook is his best power punch. We'll see if he uses that tonight. As for Roman, he can be inside to flurry, but if he stays there, Fulton will counter punch him well. Now, he he is when he's in close, his uppercut is a great punch. He hasn't been in position to throw it yet. He wants to be more selective this fight and throw what he can land. We expect to see him busier though than the 39 punches he threw in f in round one. Show stats crediting Fulton with 10 landed punches in that opening round. 64 Danny Roman and and yet you know we of course pay attention to the punches Abner but footwork is as as paramount as they come in boxing. We saw some of that fluid footwork on display from Fulton in the opening round, but Roman being able now to put the pressure and start landing a little bit more to kick off the second. Yeah, you're going to see it from both because they're great counter punchers. Uh, you know, they use their foot their footwork a lot for that. But again, Roman has to put that pressure. He's got a double triple jab to wake work his way inside and let his hands go a little bit more. Different posture. You see Roman told us I'm going to take one round and now he's being more aggressive. Now the question is can he be aggressive in a smarter way than Figureroa and Lao were? They're great fighters but they were countered by Fton and he and he has to come in in angles because linearly he's going to get picked off as we were seeing from that jab that highly educated jab of Steven Fulton. Yeah, he's finding really uh able to get in but well he got in with a body shot there and of course Danny Roman at times lives and dies by the attack to the body. Always a wise investment, especially early on. And there's some speed on the combination thrown by Fulton. 40% of the punches Roman normally lands are to the body. And there's another left hook to the body before landing a left upstairs to the champion. There's a lead right hand that catches Danny Roman just past the midpoint of the second round. And again, Roman coming in a former unified champion. He felt he should have been given the the decision against Muran Akmadalv who of course holds the other two titles. But Steven Fulton unbeaten and continues to show different wrinkles and is using his boxing pedigree early in this fight against Danny Raman. Great movement from walking inside, working his way inside, but Fton making it really difficult with that jab. That's thick. It's so fast. Roman. Roman can't time it, but you don't want to time that jab. You just want to walk your work work your way inside and let your punches in. Roman having some success with the jab. You mentioned it after the first round. Roman much more active and more successful here in the second round. Roman wants to get himself in position to throw that uppercut, but he has to be on the inside if he's going to do that. Final 30 seconds and as expected, nothing but nonstop action. And Roman has Fulton on the ropes momentarily. Fulton leads with a left hook that lands upstairs. It's been a close round. Yes. And we expected a close encounter at 122 lbs. Lead left hook lands for Raman. So Roman beginning to close the distance and land a little more to the body in the second and we are here Minneapolis Minnesota Armory Mora Ronaldo ringside with Hall of Famer Al Bernstein former three division champion Abner Mars we're also joined by Brian Campbell Steve Farhood and don't forget debuting July 29th on Showtime Showtime on demand and all Showtime digital platforms is New York City Point Gods. It's produced by NBA superstar Kevin Durant. This feature film shines a light on the enduring impact of New York point guards who hone their legendary showmanship on the city's iconic playgrounds and high school gyms in the 80s and 90s. Okay. [bell] This is the third round scheduled for 12 for Steven Fulton's two titles at 122 lbs. And immediately Fulton looks to establish the jab. A lot of fainting between the two fighters and Fulton able to sneak in and out. A quick combination lands. Yeah, Fton still has not committed to stay in the center of the ring. He's using the ring, boxing beautifully, counter punching, and I think he's going to do that for at least three more rounds to the half of the the fight and then he might change the game plan. The uh by the way, uh Roman normally averages 70 punches around. He's he's throwing about 45 so far. Also, Fulton's holding on the inside. He wants to stop the action. and he doesn't want a repeat of when Figueroa and Lao were on the inside, especially Figureroa throwing all those punches. Now, whether Mark Nelson will at any point intervene on that, we'll see. The thing is that Roman is not such an aggressive uh pressure fighter like Figaro was. No, Figuro, he's amazing. I mean, he's astonishing at the number of punches he can throw. And yet Roman more technical, picking his spots and having success in closing the distance, putting the pressure on Fulton. And yet that Fulton speed advantage also pivotal already. Nice counter jab by Roman. There's a lead right chopping right hand that scored for Fulton. So definitely resorting to his boxing pedigree so far in this fight out. Yeah, we've seen that part of it. Nice right hand by Roman. And the question is and there's the uppercut. He he wants to be in that posture from time to time. Not always, but from time to time, close enough where he can land that kind of punch. Piston-like jab on display from Fulton. Right hand by Roman as he immediately closes the distance at this tempo and the way this fight is unfolding. Who does it behoove? I think it's favoring Fton. No doubt the jab. I mean he's not having so much trouble as he has in the past with like a fur because that's the type of pressure that Roman has to put a series of left uppercuts by Roman. But you you see Roman took a step back. Crushing one two by Fton that negated anything that Roman had just done. Yeah, Roman Roman took a step back and you you're basically starting all over. You want to stay in there. You want to make it difficult for Fton. Yeah. The issue is can he stay there and not get countered, but he's going to have to try because that's the way he's going to have to win this fight. Well, the jab is the bread and butter of Steven Fulton in this fight thus far and it's proving to be highly effective along the ropes. 20 seconds left in the third. Danny Roman trying to solve the puzzle, trying to navigate a way to close the distance and try to break down Fton. And there popped the jab off his face and threw the uppercut as well. Another jab by Gman, but quick overhand right counter lead left for Steven Fton. Good stuff. [music] Well, Fton had himself a very good round of boxing. Uh, lands the lead right hand. Uh that was early on in that round and later on the right hand would be there again. He's fighting at distance and here Raman is going to come in without head movement and the right hand will get in. So Wah Raheem has to be very happy with what his man is doing. Now [music] later on Raman got him in the in the corner there against the ropes and he was whailing away landing some uppercuts and some body shots especially the uppercut. And if if Roman's going to win this fight, he's going to have to win. [music] Bale round number four. Steven Fulton is a Muslim. Held training camp while he was fasting for Ramadan. He said it sharpened his mental toughness and he looks on point thus far here in his first title defense as unified champion. And there's a lead left hook. Doesn't pull off with the right. And there's Roman going to the body. What I like about Pton when he throws that jab or even the lead right hand, he lets it go so fast and then he gets himself out of danger. He doesn't stay there and it's working for him. Al Fulton throws the jab at different speeds, different distances. I mean, he when you say highly educated jab, you mean just that. Yeah, he's thrown 97 of them in this fight. Landed 25 and but it's it's what it's done to disrupt Roman's attack. And Roman had a I thought he had a nice second round that in which he was getting his his bearings. Uh but he needs to get back to where he was aggressive in that second round. Again, Fulton lands the jab. But yeah, we have seen where Raman has had an opportunity to get inside, go to the body, but not sustained. And Fulton again utilizing his footwork, chewing up the real estate, and showcasing why he is who he is in the sport. He really can fight you in any style imaginable, Abner. Oh yeah, he fi could adapt to anything. Now, that goes for Raman. Raman should be doing the same thing. You got to learn. You got to do some as far as All right, you can't counter punch and counter punch. It's not working for you right now. So, you got to pick up the pace, pedal to the metal, put that pressure, let let go of your punches. Don't don't don't hesitate. And I think that's what he's doing. Well, we're seeing a different foot. I mean, you see you see that the body shots that were landed and certainly Fton with the edge to the head. Uh, you know, we're seeing a different Fton. He's not languishing on the ropes and even when Roman pushes him there, he's getting off and and he's probably saying, "Hey, after what I've given you guys in the last two fights to unify the titles, you know, he can again Danny Roman, we talked about it. This was what we discussed. This would probably be why strategy against a guy like Roman early on. Be careful." Yeah, those fights take a lot out of you. And if Folton is choosing to box. Oh, beautiful. Speaking of boxing, one two combo right through the guard. And again, he's catching Roman and jacking his head back with a sharp jab. And that will begin to take its toll. Roman fires back with a combination of his own. And again, he'll be always exhibiting dogged determination. But through four rounds, Steven Fulton Jr. from Philadelphia utilizing the sweet science to great success against a former champ in Roman time. Then has found a home for the the right hand and it's been a lead ride a lot, but in this case it was it came after a jab. coming everything great. Listen, stay tight. When you get right there, don't work. Listen, the only time he work, he got to get you in the hip. He's got to set his feet apart. Stay though. Okay, we need to be a little more intelligent. It's what we did in spiring. Okay, that's what we need to do. Okay, cut the distance as he's showing in the ring. We worked too much for this. We worked too hard and too much for this. And Danny Roman, despite his credentials, hey, at 32 coming off a career-long layoff, he knows in many ways this could be his last stand and has to acquit himself against the younger, fresher, faster Steven Fulton. See what Raman does. He he lets go of his jab, right hand, and then he takes a step back and he sets up all over again. That's that's the thing that is not working for Raman. You got to you got to pressure. You got to you got to take two, three steps forward with that jab and stay there. Got to commit there. Roman lands a jab right hand. But again, Fulton able to utilize his fluid footwork reset in the center of the ring. Yeah. The difference in this fight compared to the other recent ones, especially the last fight, is here when he's on the ropes, Felton is immediately wheeling off those ropes. So, let's give Brandon Figurero some credit. He's the kind of fighter that can make you fight that kind of fight. So, and he's a terrific fighter. So, he made Fulton do that, too. It wasn't just Fton deciding it, but tonight he's doing a better job of getting off the ropes. This is where Raman would like to make Fton pay instead. It's Fton landing a shot and again exiting stage left. Yeah. And even when when they're in the inside where Raman wants to be, it's Fton who's able to counter punch and move. And maybe here there's the right uppercut on Q. I was about to say that that distance you can see the wheels turning for both guys when it comes to the uppercut. Yeah, they both have good ones and Roman especially needs that punch. Now there he double jabbed his way in and that's what Roman can do and was kind of referring to that but then he has to stick with it. Coming up on the final 60 seconds of the fifth skillful as they come as technical and yet despite their low knockout percentages as entertaining as they come. Here's a great exchange unfolding in the final 45 seconds of the fifth as Roman trying to cut off the ring trying to slow down Steven Fulton. And you got to give it to Fulton. What he's doing right now is beautiful boxing. And he's doing it against a great a brilliant technician which is Roman. And for him to be be able to do that, I mean it's just it's big. Again, that lead right hand curls around and lands on Roman. Roman trying to take take steps forward but again Fulton on the move. Final 15 seconds of the fifth round scheduled for 12 for the unified 122 lb championship. All right, let's bring in our resident historian Steve of Farhood. And Steve, we talk about the depth of the 122-lb division. It is as dynamic as they come. It is a loaded division, Mo. No doubt about it. [music] Only two champions. We're watching Fulton, of course, defend his two belts tonight against Roman. And Roman just happens to be the fighter that [music] Akmadalv edged to win the two belts he holds. Akmadal will next face Ronnie Rios. Now, we take a look at the notable contenders at 122. I mentioned Rios. There's also former champs Roman, Figareroa, Lao, and Ner. All former champs. And Raiseis Alim, the only unbeaten fighter among these contenders, we'll see him on Showtime on June 18th. So, this division is very strong and has been very strong for quite a while. Hey, with all due respect to my first love, the Punch Bowl in Carson, California. I got to say, first time here at the Armory, Minneapolis, Minnesota. Perfect venue for fighting. Convivial atmosphere. crowd showed up early, passionate and educated, and they are being treated to well, boxing at the highest level here between Unified Champion Steven Fulton, former champ Danny Roman, who needs to make adjustments as we begin round six. Yeah, and I think he he just threw a nice combination. He couldn't push Fulton against the ropes there, but he's going to The big difference is Danny Roman is a combination puncher. We haven't seen it yet because of the movement of Fton. Exactly. The movement of Fton is not giving them any any position any time they come back with anything. Solid double left hand that scored upstairs for Fulton. And we stop seeing the jab from Romani. Also, there's the jab, but you want a triple jab. There's a nice right hand. There's a lead right by Fton. And Fulton from Orthodox. Again, we know that he can fluidly switch stances and be effective. And Roman able to go to the body BUT UNABLE TO KEEP Fton at range where he wants him right in front of him. He tried to do it with the left hook to the body to keep him stationary and F wouldn't allow it to happen. But this is a better round for Roman. He's gotten a little bit more done. Whether it's enough to win him the round is a question, but he's definitely getting a lot more done. Oh, another chopping lead. Right hand that scores for Fton. What a counter punch by by Fton. Straight right hand. made Roman turned all the way and and even when Roman has his moments, his Fton, I mean, they all they're all landing on his uh on his gloves. Really, he's moving really fast. Oh, he's got tremendous uh defense on display tonight. You mentioned it. The reflexes, the timing, and there again, dodges the the salvo from Danny Roman. And Roman goes to the body with a right hand, but pays for it with a counter left hook upstairs by Fton. I'll tell you what this performance is proving how fantastic Brian Brandon Figueroa is because we made Fton fight a whole different kind of fight and fought him to a standstill and look at this is Danny Raman who's fantastic. What's fantastic tonight is that right hand Steven Fulton who continues to pick off Raman just the timing is impeccable. Yeah. No, but to follow what Al was saying, Figaroa's pace, what he does is not easy to do. No one can do it. That's just Figaro. No doubt. And and and Roman is trying different. No doubt. But I think Roman has to add one or two more punches to his combinations. He's throwing one two. He's staying short. He's got to add two or three more punches. He's getting picked off. And Steven Fulton is getting a nice workout in. Definitely going to get his 10,000 steps, which are your daily recommended steps, but they're educated steps here tonight. We are at the midpoints of this championship fight. Roman trying to put on the pressure. Steven Fulton putting on a boxing clinic early in the round. Dan Danny Roman got Fulton against the ropes and he was able to get some work done. landing. Well, just a lot of those block gets to the body with the left hand, but Fulton exiting and that Roman was trying to keep him there with the left hand and Fulton with that right hand that clubbing right hand that made him kind of turn around. Good counter right hand and that's what Fulton has been doing a lot of in this fight, countering with that right hand very effectively. Fulton family ringside that is his mother who is looking on of course with a mother you know she's always worried but here to show her love and support and boy the family has has been through it coming from a hearts scrabble background but she has to be as proud as anyone about what her son Steven Fulton has been able to accomplish and what he's able to have accomplished already here tonight as he begins the second half of his first title defense as a unified champion putting the speed on display right away with that combination. And we talked about the tough fight after tough fight that Fton has been having. And this is a tough fight also that he's making it look like it's an easier fight than the Palasu. It's it's not his fault. Well, it is because he's so talented, but he's making this fight so comfortable. And yet we said Roman is a live dog and he's showing that dog of determination again. Still in front as we in front of Fulton. But let's find out who's in front on Steven Farood's unofficial scorecard. Well, oh, I think Fulton is dominating with his boxing and his gap and his speed. I have him ahead four rounds to one, 59 to 55. I gave Roman only this second round. And you guys are talking about Fton's jab being educated. I did a little bit of research and Fton's jab actually has a B University of Pennsylvania. So, he's being [laughter] educated. Well done, Mr. Farhood. And thank you. And yeah, when you Okay. Okay. Well, let's Abner, let's talk about an adjustment that is necessary because two guys who are known for making adjustments on the fly. Raman, something's got to give. What what we talked about since the beginning. Well, maybe you GOT TO CHANGE IT UP. YEAH. NO, you got to press in the gas. You got to add more punches, more volume, more pressure from Raman. But fortunately, I don't think we're going to be able to see that because he's he's getting too comforted just, you know, staying on the outside. It's not good. And Al, hard to pick apart what we've seen from Steven Fulton. Is it business as usual going forward? He's done a very good job of of of boxing in this fight. Something, as I said, he wasn't necessarily allowed to do so much in the last fight, but here he has. And uh and and there have been rounds that may have been a little closer than we might think, but oh, nice right hand by Roman, but by and large, he's been floating with his movement and his uh boxing ability. Roman trying to COME BACK HERE NOW AND THE CROWD enjoying the fighting spirit of the proud Mexican American. Less than a minute left in the seventh and again he has to try to cut off the ring try to neutralize Steven Fton who you know here in round seven trying to bait Roman and Roman while he eats another stiff jab splitting the guard. A nice double left hook by Roman when he got him on the on the ropes but he couldn't keep him there. That that was a great glance of what we want to see from Roman. But what happened? He took a step back and he reset. Oh, and he just got countered from the southpaw stance with that sharp left hand. Roman ate it. Neither fighter known for their knockout percentage, but hey, we've seen Fulton crack. We showed a one punch power to the body against Avalar that produced a knockout in the fifth round and Roman going to the body. Good punch here. Obey the bell here. Obey the bell. We are through seven rounds at the Armory in Minneapolis, Minnesota. High quality championship fight. Danny Roman needs to find a plan B and C. Daniel, you got to keep going. Don't give him the space. Listen to me. We're down on the cards. Okay, you understand? So, you have to keep being more aggressive and more pressure. Early on in the round, even though he got hit with that counter punch, Roman was put Fulton on the ropes and he was starting to throw punches in bunches a little bit. And there's trying the uppercut. He knows that punch is important. Fulton just wouldn't let him land it. Then Fulton changing lefty as Moro pointed out for momentarily, which he can do. And what did it produce? A terrific straight left hand. My grade one teacher, Miss Johnson, told me honesty is the best policy. Well, Danny Roman's trainer, Eddie Gonzalez, he was honest in his assessment, saying, "Hey, we're down on the scorecards." Yeah, he he knows that Danny Roman has to really try at least to change something here and be very aggressive. And he's trying. The problem the problem for Danny Roman is he isn't a power puncher. So when you get into a second part of a fight, if in fact he's down like we think, it's hard for him to change the dynamic with power. Yeah, as usual with modus operenda of course is to break down his opponent with precision and timing and especially with the attack to the body and we saw him go to the body there but again he gets picked off upstairs with that lightning quick jab of Steven Fulton and and even if he goes for the body we know that Fton is known to be a guy that can take body shots crazy. That rib cage is made of titanium with all the body shots he's absorbed and he continues to to come, you know, come forward especially in those last two fights. He says it's as we see the the scorecard over there in the last round. Steve Farhood thought Roman did enough to win it. It was a close round. The the interesting thing is that Fulton says I it's half conditioning and half just doggedness in me that allows me to not be hurt by body shots and he isn't. We we saw his mom being in attendance. You know, he grew up in a place called the bottom in West Philly and until he was 10, his dad was in jail. But by age 15, he had five friends who'd been killed. And then when his dad got out of jail, hooked up with a boxing trainer, Hamza Muhammad, at a local mosque, and the rest is history. And now Raman trying to rally back here going to the body. But Steven Fulton in control. Another good round for Raman. He's adding a lot more to his punches now. Is making it difficult for Fton. Yeah, the question for I'm sorry. Yeah, go ahead. Oh, there's a nice body shot by Roman. Yeah, the question is can he win enough rounds if in fact he's behind but I'll tell you he has picked up sharp jab by Fulton and that'll stop Raman but how long is the question Roman loading up and gets countered again left hook sweeping shot that scores for Fulton such a good counter puncher and there's a nice right hand that lands for Roman now they're both fainting and there's Roman coming forward how do you stop someone in this tracks just like Pton It double hook Evan Flo boxing at the highest level as the bad kiss once says you wanted the best you got the best. It's Steven Fulton Jr. against Danny Roman. Less than 30 seconds left in the eighth. There's a nice left hand by Fulton. Roman just unable to score effectively and keeps getting picked off with the jab, whether it's from the left hand, whether it's from the right hand. We started our telecast tonight with the replay of the grudge match last Saturday in Brooklyn between Jervante Tank Davis and Rolando Romero. And hey, a lot of people commenting on social media. It lit up social media across all spectrum of sports and entertainment. Stick and ball sports. Many big names in the NBA, of course, in boxing. But Kevin Durant saying, "Nobody better." That left is a missile. Stay away. Yeah. Tank Davis putting his power on display. And he was well as cold as Ice Trey Young. And you all knew what the end result was going to be. Yes, we did. Hey, first lady of boxing, Rosie Perez. She is always she's always got the pulse of the game. And of course, Carl Anthony Towns, who applies his craft here in the NBA in Minnesota, summed it up best by saying, "OMG." And we'll have all access epilogue coming up immediately following this telecast of Showtime Championship Boxing. And we continue with this championship affair for the unified 122-lb title. Fulton has half the belts. Mura John Akmadal has the other two. He's the guy that defeated Danny Roman via debatable split decision. And Roman trying to get back to the summit one more time. And look what Fton is doing now. He's standing right in the center of the ring putting a little bit more pop to his punches. And and I mean if you're winning the whole fight and you want to do that, I mean you got to respect what Fton is doing. There's a nice jab by Fulton. And he can beat you with the sweet science. He can beat you toe-to-toe with close trench warfare. And here against the veteran Danny Roman, he's he's resorting to what first caught the eye of those in the no in Philadelphia. You know, he he came up he's trained with that other Philadelphia sensation, Deron Boots and you know, Steven Fulton is a special fighter, Al. Yeah, he really is. You know, both these fighters uh have gone a long way uh in fights. You know, Roman's gone eight rounds or his last 11 fights in Fton has had four straight fights in 12 rounds. So, this is familiar territory for both men. It's been better for Fton right now. Textbook stuff, Abner. Yeah. You know what? And every everyone's going to agree with me. Fton beats you up in your own game plan and that's what he's doing against boxing and what do you do to figure out snugged it out you know Leo same thing I mean this is the guy that could do it all inside the ring my respects to Falton and yet minute and a half left in the ninth you never want to count out the the guts the warrior spirit of Danny Roman but he continues to come forward and yet Steven Fulton at times remains a ghost although If he could keep him on the ropes, that would be one thing. And now it's Fton trying to impose a little more than his will and skill. A little physicality on Roman. A minute left in the ninth. And that would tire you out a lot more, too. But Falton is doing using his body. Lead left hook curling around. Another one by Fton. Sharp shooting. Danny Roman has the most power. One punch. It's his uppercut. He's not been in position to throw it enough in this fight. Hands free. There you go. And just when Danny Roman, you know, tries to move forward there. Three-punch combination just backed him up, but he is immediately hit with the speed and the jab at me. Yeah, Golden is just choosing his his punches. Look at his eyes. He's locked in. One, two punches. All clean punches. And Danny Roman tries to come forward. Gets countered with another right. unable to use angles. Look at the speeds that he using. He's changing the speeds. Fton. Steven Falton Jr. in control through nine. [music] Now, the combination, right? like this or pressing back pressing back with the foot look like this. Well, the one of the themes throughout this fight has been the use of the right hand by Fulton and frequently it's following the jab and that was a perfect example of it. Sometimes Fton lands it as a lead and sometimes with the jab. And here again later in the round we'll see that right hand get in again against Danny Roman. And from a a distance with the 2 and 1/2 in reach advantage that Fulton has, he's utilizing it very well. Keep doing the same thing. Keep doing the same thing. We are set for round number 10 in this scheduled 12 round unified championship fight at 122 lbs. The champion Steven Fulton Jr. in his corner, 41-year-old Wahed Raheem, a former pro lightweight and Danny Roman coming forward trying to utilize both hands trying to try to find a way to slow down Steven Fulton Jr. That sequence a moment ago is a perfect example of Ro what Roman wants to make happen. He threw a really nice combination, got one of the punches in, and then Fulton moves away. But that's I mean not to take away from Roman Roman but it's Fton gave him that opportunity. He wanted to stay in there. And now our unofficial score Steve Farhood has Fulton well ahead. And and Abner when you you look at it of course Steve and Fulton Jr. dictating the terms and and big reason the biggest reason why he's having success. But again, Roman coming off a 13-month layoff, the age of 32, longest layoff of his career, just ate a short left uppercut on the inside and a right hand. Any ring rust on his players at all? Steven Fton. No, you can't take away from from what he's doing right now. Yes, it could be that, but no, it's just the boxing abilities. He's just superior. This is Look, look what Fton is doing to a technician tonight. He's painting a masterpiece with those strokes of his with the left and the right to the body and upstairs. And yes, Danny Roman, you know, he's going to try to remain on his feet and remain in front of you, Al, but it's becoming an exercise in futility. Yeah. And he's never figured out how to cut the ring off and and the jab has been bedeled him. 85 jabs landed by Fulton in this match out of the 288 he's thrown and even the ones that don't land kind of push Roman off. Oh, and Fulton sweeping left hook knocked himself off balance and Roman tried to capitalize, unable to do so. Minute 11 left in the 10th. Fton has told us he his time at the 122 lb division may be short. He may be going up to 126. If he goes up in weight, these boxing skills will serve him well because he isn't a major puncher. But when he can box like this, very effective. He also made it clear should he win tonight, he wants to be undisputed against Mura John Akmadell. But you're right, he's already talked about going up and wait and saying, "Hey, maybe I'll see Brandon Figareroa again at that weight class." Yeah, that's true. We'd love to see that fight again. And I think that Bolton, I mean, to add to the the beautiful, you know, masterpiece that he's doing, if he decides to stand in the pocket with Roman, I think he he'll have his way. Also, this is the 10 round. He looks for solid and it's been you know it's not maybe blistering action but it has been solid action appreciating the skills and the talents of Steven Fulton while also appreciating the determination of Danny Roman styles make fights and we're seeing how Steven Fulton is able to negate whatever perceived advantages Roman might have had coming into the fight. And let's not forget Roman was the underdog as we go to the championship rounds. And speaking of championships, hey, we are going to be bringing you more Bellator MMA action later this month. Friday, June 24th, we will be back at Moheaggan Sun [music] in Ankersville, Connecticut. You'll get to see one of the sports all-time greats, Gegard Basi, searching for a career [music] win 50, defending his middleweight title against undefeated number one contender, Johnny Evelyn. Don't [music] miss Bellator 282. Friday, June 24th, 9 Eastern, 6 Pacific, only on Showtime. Please, you have to keep fighting. Don't stop. You throw a couple of punches, then you stop. No, just keep going. We need these two rounds. Come on, you can. You can take them out. You can take them out. Come on, you can take them out. Let's go. But keep your guards up. All right, this is it. The championship rounds and they credit Eddie Gonzalez for keeping it real in the Roman corner. And uh for Danny Roman Abner, we've talked about it. You said it. He He's a pressure fighter. He wants to break you down, but he seems to lack that extra gear. His corner wants to see that extra gear. Yeah, we all do. He always starts at a good gear, which is, you know, in the first couple of rounds, but you want to step it up more. Hard to do against a guy like Fton. It is. It is. But Figuero proved that, you know, it is and it isn't. But again, F Roman is not no is no Figaro. He doesn't have that pressure. Roman is 5 and one in 12 rounders. The Lost Stock Midal Fton is 4-0. Uh right now, Danny Roman needs something big to change his fight. And he's doing what he can. He's thrown 25 26 punches already in the round compared to just 10 for Fulton. And of course, for Fulton, obviously has to know he's ahead on the scorecards. has to know that this is really his fight to lose and Danny Romano lands a right hand. Yeah, that was one of the best rights Roman has landed in this fight. Have you guys noticed that the one coming forward now is Fton? Yes. And you're right. He's now sitting down. This is showing off different wrinkles and maybe also a reason why Roman is having a little success because Fton now wanting TO MAKE IT A FIGHT. This is what he does and this is what I'm talking about about Fton beating you in your own game plan and that is I mean one thing physically but the mental beating you can take and a huge disparity when it comes to head shots landed in favor of the unified champ who lands three more. And now Steven Fulton beginning to sit down on his punches AND DANNY ROMAN TRYING TO FIGHT valiantly back. But boy, STEVEN FULTON SHOWING HE HAS another gear. Nobody has done this to Danny Roman really during the time of him being a great champ fighter. Wow. And Danny Raman fires off a right and left. FINAL MINUTE AND THE CHAMPIONSHIP ROUNDS BRINGING OUT THE CHAMPIONSHIP medal of both Steven Fulton and Danny Roman. What a great and this is not so much the physical is the mental. Wow. Roman switching to left and trying to make something good for the mental beating that posing is giving Roman right now. Final 30 seconds of the penultimate round. Steven Fulton now sitting down and allowing Danny Roman to come forward. But Steven Fulton said, "Hey, I've been teaching you a boxing lesson. You want to get down? You want to get aggressive. YOU WANT TO GO TOE-TO-TOE. WELL, HERE YOU GO. GREAT STUFF HERE in the 11th. Oh, solid left hand by Bolton. Knocks himself on balance. Off balance, but the crowd says it all. A big round for Steven Fulton Jr. as he stood his ground as Abner pointed out and landed big power punches. the left hook, which we talked about in the keys showing up uh in this round especially. It's been a right hand fest for Fton, but that round the left hook. This fight, don't be careless in this last round. And then try to get nice and small when he comes in. Touch gloves. You're good. Okay, my man. But but stop safe. Yes. Keep your hands up. Beside you. Don't walk to like this. Like this. Keep your hands up. There have been many great champions at 122 lbs, including our broadcast partner Abner Mes. As we begin the 12th and final round for the unified championship belonging to Steven Fulton. He is proving to be a special fighter. Yeah, thank you for that mentioning mo. You got to get folding. But I mean this this guy it would have been if I would have fought this guy would have been tough man. [laughter] This guy's a tough cookie man. Odyssey's the best policy as well. But man it continues HERE IN THE 12TH. ALL IN THE CHAMPIONSHIP ROUNDS. HE'S FLIPPED THE SCRIPT AND SAID okay let's fight. Well and Raheem doing some really good counterwork saying if you're going to come to him keep your hands up. You know they being cognizant that even at this juncture Roman not a big puncher but they have to be careful. But Fton is just taking control. The conditioning, the IQ, the punch placement, the defense. I mean, you want to build a fighter in the laboratory. And again, I know you the the proof is IT SPEAKS FOR ITSELF, GUYS. Steen Fton is a guy who deserves his props. Yeah. You can't have it all, right? God did not give him maybe the power. That's right. But Falton really has everything. But that's it. That's what makes him even more special, I think, is the fact he's not known for his knockup power. And yet both of these guys and a lot of fighters in the division al as entertaining as it gets. And Roman still Yeah, it's always fun. He just finally he landed a nice uppercut, Roman. It's obviously late for that. But nonetheless, he was able to get it in. And yeah, this is part of the reason why the the division is so much fun because we have all action fights. Imagine Fton would knock up power after we always said that about Roman too. Some of these fighters, but Fton for sure, you know, he's he's a fighter that if he did have that extra [music] power would be very tough to be tough to be right now. Going to the body of Danny Roman saying, "Hey, you wanted to do this to me, I'm going to do it to you." Double right hand. Roman eats the left. trying to just find that one punch in the final minute. Danny Roman, it is looking less and less likely that the Roman Emperor will rise again here in Minnesota, the Empire. But Steven Fulton wanting to close the show and he's doing that. He's making this a really uh exciting fight, interesting fight because he wants it that way. He's staying in the center of the ring. He's counter punching Roman at will. You can't emphasize enough that Steven Fton's doing something tonight that others have not been able to do against Roman. And maybe he is finally going to get some respect put on his name because uh you talk about pound-for-pound lists as mythical as they are. Steven Falton Jr. proving that he is pound-for-pound one of the best after this performance tonight. And Danny Roman getting his props from Fulton for a gutsy effort. And there are many reasons why what transpired tonight did. Steven Fulton feels he did way more than enough to remain unbeaten and a unified champion. But but Al, he he continued to show us more. Yeah. You know, most people coming into this fight would not have expected. We were anticipating, is obviously we don't know, but we're anticipating that the scorecards will be pretty lopsided for Fulton. Most people coming in wouldn't have expected that. The show stats will show us why that is the case. Uh clearly Fulton landing a lot more, landing 46% of his power punches, everything other than the jab. That's important because it shows how accurate he is with his power punching. Uh and Danny Roman so low those percentages of what he landed just couldn't keep Fton in front of him and that's because of Steven Fulton Abner. Yeah, Steven Fulton did did we mentioned this kid does it all? I mean Fton Fton really put on a showcase tonight. He he he put on a great performance. He did it all. He boxed, he brawled. He showed us great jab. And I mean, I'm just amazed about his performance. And yet, Danny Roman hung on until the end like you said, Al, maybe taken uh to school as we go now, inside the ropes, Mr. Bernstein. Yeah, we'll take a look at this fight in microcosm. And there were two major power weapons that Fulton used early in the fight. For a good portion of it, it was the right hand that was the dominant weapon. Then he switched to lefty and started to use the left hand, but the one-two combination was excellent for him. And mixed in with that were also some nice left hooks. There's the left hook that landed for Fulton. Toward the last three or four rounds, he started to crank that hook up more, which is normally what he uses as a great counter punch. But because he was pushing Roman back, the right hand was working more. All right, let's find out the official decision for this unified 122lb championship fight. Jimmy Lennon Jr. has the name of the winner on his lips. Ladies and gentlemen, after 12 rounds of action, we have a unanimous decision. Here are the score totals. Judge at Bringside Nathan Palmer scores the bout 119 to 109. Judges Patrick Moley and Mike Fitzgerald both score the bout 120 to 108. All three in favor of the winner. And still the undefeated unified WBC and WBO 122 lb champion of the world. Cool boy Stephven Fton Junior. Well, a great performance by this young man. A dominant win. And now Brian Campbell is in the ring with him. Thank you guys. Here with the victorious Stephen Fulton Jr. Stephen, there was some thought this could be a potential fight of the year contender like your victory over Brandon Figareroa. But there were long stretches you made this look easy. What type of statement did you make? Uh, alhamdulillah. First and foremost, all praise be to Allah. Uh, I made a hell of a statement tonight. You know, I prepared for this. I told you I was going to make it easy and fight depending on how I wake up. And I woke up feeling good. When you fought Brandon Figueroa, he did have success to the body. You seem to take that away from Danny Roman by controlling distance. How important was that to your victory? It was very important. And like I said before, my in the last outing with Brandon Figo, I didn't have the energy. I didn't make the weight the right way. So, shout out to Josh Son, my dietician. You controlled this bout, but Roman did have some moments in round seven particularly, yet you closed the round by turning southpaw, stunning him with a big left hand. Could you feel the momentum potentially shifting for sure? And uh any moment he had, I took it right away from him. I neutralized the threat. In round 11, you stood in the middle of that ring and started to walk him down. What did you see to make that decision? I seen him start uh like he been slowing down, but I feel like the more I kept boxing, the more I just got a little tired of boxing that I like me trying to walk forward to him wasn't going to happen all the time. But I I definitely seen him slowing down. I wanted to stop me, but I ain't get that. Your 2021 puts you in the fighter of the year conversation. Do you believe this is the victory that puts you in the top 10 pound-for-pound conversation? I've been in the top 10. I don't care what the list is. I've been top 10. I'm the only fighter that that became world champion 2021 and then unified the end of the year for four undefeated fighters back to back to back. Two of them was world champion. Nobody did that. Nobody. And I was in fight of the year uh contest with Canelo and I'm at the small class. You're on a run of huge success. Undisputed season has become a thing in this sport. What is next for Cool Boy Steph? Oh, well y'all already know what that is. [laughter] Y already know I want MJ next. I got I got to We got to finish this out. But much respect to Daniel Roman. Much respect. And I just want to thank my team. Uh thank Coach Re, my big guy right here from LA. He helped me. He helped me much. Mr. Chu himself, my my father is in my corner. my big brother Wahed Sam Watson. I got a hell of a team. Congratulations on a thorough and convincing victory. Appreciate that. Thanks a lot. Let's bring in Danny Roman. Danny, it didn't go your way tonight. How much do you believe the career-long layoff coming in affected it? Uh there's no excuse. You know, I think this fight uh prove who's the best uh 122 super battleweight uh fighter of the of the division and Fton did it tonight. you know, he proved it. I wish him the best. H go achieve what I couldn't achieve. Be undisputed. Wish you the best. Uh like I say, you know, this fight show who's the best in the division and that's uh Fton. Fton was the better man tonight. How was he the better of the man tonight? What did he do specifically that gave you so much trouble? Uh he knew he knew how to use uh his distance. It was um it was hard for me to adjust to his distance cuz he was boxing and uh he came in came out. So he changed the the boxing style. So it was a little bit hard for me to adjust. You've now put on entertaining fights with both unified champions in this division. What do you think Fulton's performance tonight says about his chances to hold all four world titles? Oh, like I say, you know, this fight against me, he was going to show who's the who's the best in the division, you know, and I wish him the best. So achieve what I couldn't achieve. Thank you so much, Danny. Thank you. is the fighter they're talking about who this man Fulton wants to unify all the titles may be the undisputed champion of this weight class. Let's bring Steve Farhood in to talk briefly about his scoring uh and how the officials did it. Yeah, a very one-sided fight. The judges scorecards indicated that. See Mike Fitzgerald and Patrick Moley shut out. Nathan Palmer gave one round to Roman. You take a look at my card. I gave Roman the seventh round as did Nathan Palmer and I gave Roman one other round early in the fight this second, but it was all Fton and he dominated on the cards and in the ring. Steven Fton uh makes the case for himself for the mythical pound-for-pound, but more importantly, he shows that he could well be the best 122 pounder in the world. A dominant win for him. Let's go to Marl Ronaldo. Well, the man responsible for the first pound-for-pound list was a guy by the name of Sugar Ray Robinson. He actually competed in this venue. And yeah, Steven Fulton Jr. next level. Just a special performance from Cool Boy Steph. And uh you know who else turned in some special performances? The trainers in the corners. Let's go to trainer tracks. It's your time. Please school. That's all easy work. You work too hard to get here. Keep using your jab. Keep doing the same thing. But sometimes I want you to double your jab or your right hand. All right? So you don't got to reach with the right hand. It's there. It's going to cut the distance when you've done the me jab with your right hand. But you doing an amazing job. Okay. We need to be a little more intelligent. It's what we did inspiring. Okay. That's what we need to do. Cut the distance as he's showing in the ring. Another round of two. You going to be able to start walking down. It's a little early right now. But be wait. It's going to come. Be patient. Keep doing the same thing. You're putting pressure on him. Okay. Hey, you're putting pressure on him. He doesn't know what to do right now. Everything in the middle of the ring. It's easy. That's right. Look, when you want to when you feel like he coming at you, all you got to do is spin him off in the middle of the ring. We're down on the cards, okay? You understand? So, you have to keep being more aggressive and more pressure, but stay disciplined. Don't fall asleep in front of me. That's what I was doing. That's why I said I seen you do it. Keep landing those shots to the body. Keep landing that right hand on top, Danny. All right. Keep putting pressure on him. All right. Match his footwork. It works. Look good. I think I lost you. You look good. No, you did. He too slow to touch you. Hear what I'm telling you. You too good to get with that that dumb ass right here. You won the round. I don't want you to get hit with nothing. You hear me? You too good, man. You like it, man. LET'S GO. LET'S GO. EASY WORK. I TOLD Y EASY WORK. He definitely made it look like easy work. trainers dropping truth bombs on a night where Steven Fulton Jr. proves he's the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. And for more on tonight's fights and what else is ahead from Showtime, you can follow at Showtime Boxing on Twitter and Instagram. Also, check out Facebook and the Show Sports YouTube channel. Now, before we recap our evening of boxing, here is what's coming up on Showtime. I came here because my choice was simple. Live or die. My species is dying. Why are you telling [music] me this? You are vital to the mission. Go take him now. really are a community of people who care about each other. [music] It's my hope to save as many of these boys as I can. We trying to make it to the NBA now. I want to be good at something. You thought you'd be good just cuz you a black boy from Chicago. I want a new start for me and my son. It's time to start a new chapter. Y'all really think I could do this? Hell yeah. Trying to be my best self every day. Black boys in their dreams. I used to be FBI. How far the mighty father? Some mornings you just wake [music] up and say enough with the corruption in this town. Cops don't get to play God. Why am I here? What do you need? The angels of your better nature. You're not going to absorb Boston [music] of its sin and vice fighting fire with fire. I'll light the match and you stoke the flame. Hope is fading from my belief. All right, let's review the [music] action from tonight. We started by replaying last Saturday's grudge match from Brooklyn where Javvante Tank Davis landed that [music] lethal left hand. Roelly Romero no longer undefeated gets stopped and Jervante Tank Davis improving to [music] 27-0 25 knockouts and he remains one of the sport's biggest attractions [music] and here tonight at the Armory in Minneapolis Minnesota Cuban born Minneapolis [music] fan favorite David Morurell he lit up Calvin Henderson and David Morurell [music] was able to close the show he improves to 7 and0 as referee Luis Paban steps in and he now has six knockouts all in the [music] fourth round or earlier. David Morurell on the fast track at 168 lb. And then in the much anticipated main event for Steven Fulton Jr.'s Unified [music] 122-lb titles against former unified champ Danny Roman. Philadelphia's Fulton [music] put on a boxing clinic utilizing his sharp jab, his speed, his high ring IQ. And yet Danny [music] Roman, as gutsy as they come, tried to navigate but was unable to solve the puzzle. Steven Fulton Jr. remains undefeated. [music] He remains unified champion and he remains one of the best [music] all-around fighters in the sport of boxing. Well, tonight's Showtime [music] Championship Boxing will have several reairings. So, in case you missed any part of tonight's action or want to watch the fights again, check out our replays on Showtime and Show Extreme. [music] Now, stay tuned for All Access Davis Romero epilogue. The [music] Emmy award-winning series reveals the drama of their fight week and takes viewers inside the locker room for the post-fight reaction from last week's epic [music] battle at Barlay Center in Brooklyn. [music] We round out June on Showtime with Showbox, Showtime Championship Boxing, and Bellator MMA on three [music] consecutive weekends. Well, that will do it for tonight. [music] The executive producer for Showtime Sports, David Dinkens Jr., tonight's telecast of Showtime Championship Boxing was directed by Chuck McKeen. For Al [music] Bernstein, Abner Mahrez, Brian Campbell, Steve Farhood, Jimmy Lennon Jr., and our entire Showtime sports [music] family. I'm Mao Ronaldo Basera from Minneapolis, Minnesota. Heat. Everyone I can't do it. Heat. Heat.