Kind: captions Language: en Ladies and gentlemen, as we approach our main event of the evening, we extend a special welcome to the brave men and women serving around the world. And joining us tonight on AFN, the American Forces Network. And now the time has come for the featured bout of the evening, the WBO Junior Featherweight Championship of the World. And now we welcome our boxers as they make their way to the ring. First, ladies and gentlemen, here is the challenger, the undefeated top rank contender from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, known as Cool Boy Steph. Here is Steven Full. And now, ladies and gentlemen, here is the defending champion fighting out of Las Vegas by way of Albuquerque, New Mexico. Here is the defending WBO Junior Featherweight Champion of the World, Angelo Elinito Leo. Easy work, sir. Easy work. Ladies and gentlemen, we welcome you to the Moheaggan Sun Arena here in Unusville, Connecticut as Premier Boxing Champions presents the featured bout of the evening brought to you by Mayweather Promotions, TGB Promotions, and Showtime. This bout is sanctioned by the WBO, the president, Francisco Val Carcel, along with the Moheaggan Tribe Department of Athletic Regulations. The chairman of the tribe is James Gestner, executive director Michael Mazulli. Introducing our judges scoring from ringside from Connecticut, Frank Lombardi. From New York, John McCay, and from New Jersey, Steve Weissfeld. Introducing our third man of the ring, the referee in charge. He'll be giving instructions after the introductions, David Fields. All right, fans. Here we go with the main event of the evening, 12 rounds of boxing for the WBO Junior Featherweight Championship of the World. And now, ladies and gentlemen, boxing fans joining us around the world, live from the Fight Sphere at the Moheaggan Sun Arena. It's showtime. Introducing to you first on my left he is the challenger fighting out of the red corner wearing orange trunks with black trim fighting out of and representing his home of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He weighed in at the junior featherweight limit at 122 lbs even. He is undefeated in his campaign in the ring with a record of 18 wins, no losses, eight wins coming by way of knockout. Here is the undefeated WBO number one ranked contender introducing cool boy Stephen Fton Jun. Easy work champ. Let's go time baby. It's your time scoop the ring is the defending world champion fighting out of the blue corner wearing blue camouflage trunks. He is fighting out of Las Vegas, Nevada by way of Albuquerque, New Mexico. He weighed in at a ready 121 and 12 lbs. He also is undefeated in his campaign. His record stands at 20 wins, no losses, nine wins. Coming by way of knockout tonight, making the first defense of his title. Here is the undefeated reigning WBO junior featherweight champion of the world. Introducing Angelo Elinito Leo. Go, baby. Let's go. Once again, a referee in charge, David Fields, now to give instructions. Okay, gentlemen. We're scheduled to box 12 rounds. I'm going over the rules in the dress room. I expect you to obey my commands at all times. Most of all, protect yourself at all times. Touch gloves. Good luck. The man assigned to oversee this championship main event, David Fields. 21 years of experience as a professional referee, working his 243rd professional bout. The champion Angelo Lao in the blue camouflage. The challenger Steven Fulton Jr. in the orange with black trim. And Fulton immediately flashing the jab while Lao trying to bring the left hooks to the body. Lao is uh the reincarnation of Mike McCllum as the body snatcher. 46% of his landed punches are to the body. Yeah, that's a key for Leo to work the body early. And not just the body, if you could hit him in the waist, you know, to stop his movement. and at Leo became the first male boxing champion from his hometown of Albuquerque, New Mexico since legendary three division champion Johnny Tapia. Got to give a shout out to Holly Holm, a female champion and a female champion not only in boxing and MMA. Albuquerque, New Mexico, a major hot bed of boxing and mixed martial arts. Those two. And Danny Romero, two major boxing figures of the last couple decades from Albuquerque. And Lao hopes to add his name to that list. You know, Lao got off to a slow start against Williams in the first two rounds, and as fights go on, he's more effective. So, these early rounds are rounds that Fton wants to get some things done in, and he's using a good jab right now. And he's also placing a nice left hook to the body, setting up the one, two, and that right hand. A bit of a sledgehammer on the face. A nice short right uppercut on the inside by Fulton as we have Lao backing away after going to the body. actually surprising me that Fton is doing oh a lot of inside work this early in the fight. Well, he's coming off a career long 364 day layoff. So, we we thought we might see a little ring muskies taking the fight to Leo and Lao's responding. Yeah, so far I don't see no effects of the the ring layoff. You know, his timing and his rhythm looks uh pretty good. talking about uh Fulton. He said he might use less movement and he said I think if even if I fight in the wheelhouse of Lao, I can do well. That jab is un it's sharp early. Fton. This is a good first round. Absolutely. Lao working in the trenches on the inside. Fton feels Lao's yet to be tested. And meanwhile, Fulton, well, he has overcome ring adversity. He's been knocked down in his career back in 2016, but he uh came back and knocked out Adabel Zora. That's where uh Leo needs to take a little step back, half step back to create some distance because will try to smother them and and try to mess up his rhythm. That's what he does. He'll hold you. So, for uh Leo needs to tuck his arms up, I mean, and chin down and his elbows and not give him any room or anything to hold. Fulton flashing the jab. Final 10 seconds of an entertaining opening round. Counter right hand by Lao, but Fton able to the shot. Good stuff through three minutes and already some blood. There will be blood. I ain't nothing. I ain't nothing. You got to get in there and work that body. Okay. You got to get in there. Get in and start closing the gap. Okay. He's going to he's going to keep aiming for that. Try to cut you with that with that jab. Okay. Yeah. Is that a head? What? Probably a I'm guessing it's a clash of heads that caused the cut over the left eye. And yeah, there's where it looks like it happened is they were both on the inside. Nothing intentional, but their heads banged together. And that's probably where the blood started. Uh, and we just really hope that not affect this fight cuz it's already turning up. It's showing us it could be a great outcome. Danny Milano earning his Benjamins working on the cut around the left eye of the champion Angelo Lao. And again, they come in the ring and Lao going to work on the body. We got an under hook here by Fton trying to just create enough distance. High action here, high octane action. You know, Fulton has made this fight exciting in the first round or two by not getting on his horns and using his boxing. He's standing right there with Leo and it's created a great fight. Yeah, right off the bat, Leo came out strong, you know, especially because of that cut and but that's his fight. Leo's got to work, you know, he's got to find a way to get out of there. You see a lot of Holden in the inside, but you got to keep pecking away. Sharp. Forget about Holden. Sharp jab by Falton. You know, at the top of the broadcast, I mentioned that Brendan Figeroa and Luis Nering might get into a a matchup and this is the kind of action we expect from those two in here. We getting it between Leo and it's just the uh well one minute into the second round also doing some good body work in the inside popping with that jab so far has been the the jab of Fton has been setting up all the the combinations. This is great inside action for both men and Fulton was not uh using hyperbole by saying that he could fight on the inside. He's doing a good job as is Lao. And Lao looking to overcome the adversity of being cut for the first time as a professional. And so far, it doesn't seem to be bothering him. But those body shots could be bothering him from Fulton as he goes upstairs with that left. Yeah, Fulton is a really smart fighter. Even, you know, when he keeps putting out on the ropes, he he finds he's got escape routes. You know, he's not going to got he's not a guy that's just going to stand there and fight. You know, he'll move to the right or to the left. He's never really in front of you. And even if the alphabets they produce more belts than Gucci Fulton knows how rare title opportunities are and so far he is looking to make the most of it early against uh a champion in Angelo Leo who looks to add to Gil Clancy's often said quote about a fighter becoming 25% better after he wins a title. You know there's the double left hook by Lao. The other thing he's done is throw good uppercuts on the inside. Both men have And this round, a very close round, which both of them have done some spectacular work. I think Fulton is getting the best of Lao. And you know, he's fighting Fton I feel is fighting Lao's fight and he's beating them at at that that way. Lao looking to shoot at the body of it. Both of them just leaning into each other and it looks like they're fighting left in the Connecticut Boxing Hall of Fame. Al Bernstein, of which you are a member. Not the biggest space, but hey, lot of value there. Yeah, which by the way has its uh headquarters here. Blanket, you might miss it. Just kidding. Uh second round comes to an end here and Showtime Championship Boxing beginning the new year with a quality championship here tonight at 122. When you when you put pressure on you, you got to angle. Okay? Start using those angles. Okay? When you when you feel the pressure, start using those angles. You got to keep going to the body. You got to keep those that that left hook was hurting him to the body. Okay? Keep going to the body and work inside. In round one, uh you look at the result of uh one of the clashes of heads. There were more than one in that round. Uh and who knows which one created the the cut. That's one right there. That might have uh but their heads would come together several other times as well. Here we are again with their heads banging. That might have been the one actually. And then it was here. You see I think I think you're going to see a little blood spurting out. Yes, that was where it happened. And uh it's going to keep happening because the way they're wrestling into each other, especially legal. It's a championship boxing match and a uh Burmese boxing bel where headspots are actually legal, believe it or not. But not here tonight in this 122 lb championship match and two quality operators showcasing their skills early just as we expected. You know, we didn't get a chance to actually throw the keys in, so I'll just mention that for Leo. Lao, I think it's cutting off the ring though. He hasn't had to cuz Fton's standing in front of him, be physical, and of course do that body work. And for Fton using angles and movement, which he's starting to do now, uh, counter effectively and land a straight right hand, which he has on occasion done. Exactly. That's that's the Bton that I wanted to see from the beginning. Now he's really establishing that range, controlling the range, controlling the pace, popping that jab, moving to the right, moving to the left, just being really smart. Leo's got to take a very deliberate approach. I mean, he just can't he's taking too much time. No, but that's exactly what he's got to do. I just said that, you know, now he's working the body, but at times he's too hesitant. He can't be too hesitant, but he also hand by Fton. Quick hands and educated feet are what King continual contact with his target. And now Leo trying to make it uncomfortable, but it's Fton leaning in. And they are not willing to give each other a quarter or an inch. And a double jab from the Philly fighter. Fulton proud to represent a city that has a rich boxing tradition. Fulton is just so much better from the outside. If you see going to the body, this this round has mainly been Fton controlling the distance and popping his combinations away with a lot of speed and and not staying too much in front of Fton and he's winning the round this way. Well, now he's, you know, he's giving Fton what he wants. I mean, not Fton, Neil. Leo, final minute of the third. Wow, what a jolting right uppercut by Fton that Lao absorbs and just trench warfare. Very close. And they're not exactly smothering their offense either. They're having some space to attack at even though it's at close quarters. Yeah, sometimes when they get a step back, they're able to do that. And both men have done good work on the inside. The key punch to look for is the uppercut, especially by Lao. Will one of those make a difference in one of these big exchanges? And there's Fton trying the uppercut. There's a lead. Left hook, right hand to the body. Lao comes back with a combination of his own 122 lb division. It's a burgeoning one. Lots of talent and we are seeing it on display here tonight. And now right uppercut by Fton. Speaking of 122, let's go to BC. Thank you. And a man who certainly would like to face one of these guys. Raise the beast. Alen unbeaten. Congratulations on the victory. Listen, you said coming into this fight, I don't want to just barely win. I want to stand out. You beat an unbeaten guy here tonight. Do you believe you did that? Oh yeah, 100%. Uh undefeated fighter coming off a knockout victory. Uh I believe I put an exclamation point on my victory. Well, you dropped him four times, obviously stopping him in the 11th. We're going to take a look at round the first knockdown here. Uh, talk to me about the power that you unleashed in this fight. Oh. Um, it just confirmed what I already knew in my head, and that's that I have elite power. Uh, I'm a true threat. I took what he gave me, and I took advantage of it. What do you think that your victory said to the 122 lb division? I'm believing for everybody I noticed. I'm a true threat, a real warrior, and belt. Wow. Uh, who would you like to fight next? I mean, you've got Lao, you've got Fulton fighting. Who would you like to fight next? It honestly doesn't matter. Uh, any world champion. I'm ready to fight right now. I want the big fights. Uh, this was a huge fight, a huge victory, but I'm ready for the big fights. I want any current world champion right now. Well, congratulations on the on the victory, Ray. Uh, back to you, Mo. Thank you very much, Brian. Ray Salem, he is champ of the bit to get his opportunity after a great performance. He is going to be watching with vested interest as Steven Fulton challenging Angela Lao Battle of Unbeatens. And they are getting at it in close quarters here in round four. And you know, back in the day, they didn't allow fighters to compete with such a a full beard like Fulton's. And well, Leo's going to try to test that beard throughout the night. You know, Steven Fulton's already proved something in this match. He said, "I can fight Lao's fight and do well." And even though this is a very close fight and who knows how these rounds are being scored, Fulton has proved that he could do that so far with Lao. And that's that's very impressive. Actually, Fulton said, "You guys going to see the dog in me." And we're seeing the dog in him because he's going to toe at times with Lao, which is surprisingly the jab is not surprising us from Fton. And good head movement, although he got clipped with the right hand. And some veteran move here. He's over hook and the referee looking on, but he's neutralizing Lao and then stepping back and targeting the head again successfully. You know, Lao wanted to use his jab more in this fight. He had he hasn't needed it to get on the inside, but it would still be a good way to get in with the jab. Well, and Lao Wow, nice left hook to the body by Lao, but that jab by Clinton is keeping Lao more at bay in this round. Same for that south we just saw. Yeah, Leo just running straight into Fton's jab. And as you see, uh the guy that looks more relaxed in the ring right now is Fton. You see the way he's crowning Leo. Leo, he has to find a way to get away from that. He's got to create space. You know, take a step back, move to the right, move to the side. Don't stay too much in front of him. The Lao right hand is starting to become a weapon. It's not known as Lao's major weapon, but he's able to get it in. Under a minute remaining here in the fourth scheduled for 12 for Angelo Lao's 122 lb belt. Right uppercut by Falton against the ropes. And there chopping right-handed sweeping left hook by Lao. And there's a right uppercut by Fton. And what a fight on the inside here with 30 seconds left in the fourth round. And there Fton got bothered with that right hand. This is someacious action. And I think F was stunned. Yeah, he is. He's smiling. He's trying to regain his bearings. It was that overhand right that Leo threw. He needs to pin him back on the ropes. Keep him there. Don't let him off the hook. Leo hunting sticking the jab. Lao and Fton and Fuego in the fight sphere here in our first main event of 2021. [Music] Got to stay off the rope. All he's got is a counter right hand. That's all he doing. He trying to catch you with the counter right hand. Listen to me. You got to stay off the rope. Anytime he catch you is when you on the rope. This is where Lao would just blast Fton with the left hook to the body. And he that is Angelo Lao's calling card and tries the double left hook and almost gets that left hand. And I mentioned the uppercuts for both fighters are good. There's Lao trying it, but Fulton's was better on the inside. Steven Fulton is a good inside fighter. Even though he we think of him as a boxer on the outside, he is good on the inside. But in that round, Lao came back working to the body and both a right and a left and the hook and his own uppercut. There was just some great action on the inside by both fighters. This is a terrific match and on a week where we celebrate the 20th anniversary of Showbox and New Generation, Angelo Lao, who uh he is definitely one of the champions that has been, you know, in the mix as it were, the prospect pipeline. Allan, this is what it's all about. Two youngsters with undefeated records relatively early in their career willing to put it all in the line to chase greatness, to chase a legacy. And you know, I'm not saying this fight is as good as it, but the Steel Corales fight was one in which uh Corales was in the box from the outside. He decided to stay the inside with H Luis Castile and created a classic. Steven Fulton has made a similar choice and that's why this fight is such a classic right now. And in that what my favorite point ever action on the the ropes there Al, as you alluded to and on the inside. Yes, a nice right hand there by Lao and back and forth we go. They take turns to to try to do damage. Rio targeting the body upstairs and Rio keeps coming. He's got to keep coming. He's got to rip them hard body shots up and down and force Fton into a slug match. That That's his only way he's going to win. He's not going to win from the outside. That Leo's fight is not by range. Leo, one of 83 champions produced by Showbox. Felton with a chopping right hand. Now they're just leaning into each other and taking turns, firing away at the body. You know, we talk about Lao's body work. Fton has done some excellent body work as well. Lao is just he's, you know, dedicated to that and it's only recently like look at the the discrepancy and yet Fton doing much better work here, Alan body. Yeah, he is. He this round, you're absolutely right, Maro. This round F's body work has been tremendous. I mean, here without the fans, we miss them. We will have them back, I'm sure, soon. But the the the symphony of percussion is amazing listening to these shots. Little cannot afford to get frustrated with whenever Throton leans on him. He's got to find a way again to move to the right, to the left. He's got to push him back. A while ago, he was using the forearm. That was a good way to get away from him. And now there's that right uppercut. And what a pace. I mean, it you almost think they might be taking a break leaning into each other. That's not the case. Steven Fulton has thrown 90 punches in this run and Lao 55. So a demonstration that there are just no let up in this. Somewhere a foam booth is smiling. Yeah, exactly. Under 30 seconds left here in a fantastic fifth round of what has been a terrific fight. Two high quality operators. You've got 26y old Angelo Leon's 21st fight as a as a champion. Steven Foron 26 18-0 and oh by the way did I mention yesterday Mark Dell he's a year away from the ring he's making up for last time [Music] good round to stay out the line good round lot better listen when you in there when you in the inside Keep your hands up. Make sure you move your head side to side. If that's where you want to be, you feel com I want you to box. You don't want to boxing. You feel like you want to be my way too much. I got you. Look. You know why? You know why? Because you started off banging. Yes. You were supposed to start off boxing. You were supposed to start off boxing and then bang. School. Good work though. You looking good though. Yeah. No, I didn't say you was. I didn't say you was. You're looking good. Yeah. Let the combination go a little bit. He's staying right there in the pockets with you. So, you got to He's putting pressure. I told you he got it. He hit some angles. Stay a little low. Okay. Get that angle out. Breaking news corner. Uh I guess what the way he surprised us a bit. It was it wasn't wasn't supposed to happen. Alan. Yeah. They want him to start boxing now. Hey, Fulton averages 49 punches a round normally. That's 15 less than the normal in this weight division. He threw 123 in the last round. That's a pretty busy pace and and they want Fton to box a little bit. He came out and says, "Uhuh. I think I'll just stay on the inside with Angelo Leo." Well, he did say before this fight that he we're going to we're going to see him engage more and uh we'll definitely see him. But really, you know, I think he needs to catch, block, and counter with uppercuts and just keep circling around uh Leo and keep more of the fight at at at long range. He's got a beautiful jab, and I don't think he's used it like he has in the past. A cut open by Angelo Lao's left eye late in round one caused by a clash of heads. It appears to not be bothering him at this stage. Although those right uppercuts will bother him in a hurry, man. Incredible offense. This is just great. And you know, this is great technique on the inside from Fton. They're it's this is not a brawl. This is a a really good technical boxing match that is on the inside and it's exciting. As we've said in the past, it's beautiful and it is brutal. It is boxing at its best and it is your main event with a 122 lb belt on the line. This is what an undefeated record means for both. They are doing whatever they can to ensure they go home with not only a belt but with you know all important zero saying Fton saying pick it up to Leo. I just feel that what at close quarters I mean Fton is getting the better of Leo like when he throws his body shots it was like they go through Leo you know they go deep in there they digs in there and puts more hurt on Leo's demonstrating he's a terrific inside fighter nice left should uppercut the body by Fton and they are just swinging they're not even punch weary yet here in round six a minute left in the first half of this championship fight and they continue to try to tattoo each other at will. Who will be able to keep this pace up? Lao is known as a fighter who does well as the fight continues, but he he has taken some punishment in this fight. Can he keep up that pace with the body shots that Fton is hitting him with? And again, Fton broke the 100 mark and he's looking to break the fighting spirit of the champion Angela Leo, which may be impossible. Leo firing back as well. Head to head, toe to toe. The main event, stealing the show here at the fight sphere, the first edition of Showtime Championship Boxing and the 122 lbers. Let's go. Bringing it. Oh, what a right uppercut. And Leo's still standing. He has never been down. Damn, man. High risk, high reward, high drama at the fight sphere. That's what I'm talking about. We'll look at this not in slow motion, but at regular speed to show you the body work of F, how he put these punches together. Both men downstairs. Then later on in the round, the uppercut, working on the inside of Fulton, landing that short right hand on the inside. I mean, Enzo Leo should have gone down for that punch. And this one, the uppercut by Fton, Matt, the uppercut has been around the the block in boxing, Al. Sorry. No, it's been and you this been the punch dour for everybody in the last year. We've seen some amazing uppercuts and Fton did it there. You have the Wendy Davis on Lao Santa Cruz. Remember Anthony Joshua, Vladimir. And here we go. We are now into round number seven, the second half of what has been a scintillating championship fight at 22 lbs between the undefeated champion Angelo Lao, the undefeated challenger Steven Fulton Jr. And just past the midway point and already more than a thousand punches. Thank you, Captain Obvious. As soon as the bell ring, they're back at it again. Toe to toe. Both fighters showing a lot of heart, especially Leo, cuz he's really getting caught with some vicious hooks and uppercuts. Let's bring in our unofficial scores, Steve. Mo, I've often said the hardest fights to score are the ones where two guys are trying to do different things, where one guy's boxing, the other guy's applying pressure. Well, these two fighters are doing the trying to do the same thing and it's a very difficult fight to score. I have at least three of the six rounds very very close. I've given Fton a slight edge. I have them ahead 5856. If once someone wants to argue with that score, I won't argue back. Well, as close on the scorecards as they are physically throughout this fight, I think so. Fulton in the last couple rounds as Steve kind of illustrated in his scoring has taken a little bit of control and it's up to Angela Lao to do something to get back in trying to do that with the left hook to the liver. Right hand upstairs by Fton and they both keeping both keeping themselves up leaning over. The uppercut is going to be there and there's the right uppercut just glancing off the chin. Leo swinging away with a wild not doing anything. Nice to miss that uppercut. He's coming straight in. You know, a couple rounds ago, it looked like Angelo Leo had stunned Fton. That and more, I think, to kind of turn this around a little bit. The right uppercut continues to score for Fton. Turns Lao around. Champion on the ropes, but fires off a right hand. Ducks underneath that right. USA. And Lao has landed a lot of body punches according to show stats 86. And there's yet another one. It's just it hasn't slowed Fton down. Speaking of show stats, our punch counters have been formed. They want danger pay here tonight. 45 seconds left in the seventh. And danger zone for both Fulton and Lao. Oh, right hand lands and Fton says, is that all you got? Here's my combination. Yeah, Fton a lot busier. Comes back with three, four, five punch combinations. lot of speed and let's remember that for Leo he's 20 and0 but just nine knockouts and for Fton well eight knockout offense but you know they're breaking each other down there and Fton has stayed up on Q he bounces off 5 seconds left in the seventh it is a barn burner here in the barn known as Fight spear. That home run is there, man. It's there. Breathe. Breathe. You got to work in there. Work in there. Hey, get the distance a little bit. Get a little Get a little bit more distance. All right. You got to work in there. Find that spot inside. Let me say so. Yo, as soon as Look, soon as you get there, right, scoop and y'all look and you heard the rope. Turn your back off the ropes and let that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] go. You hear me? Dig a little bit. Look. Dig a little bit more to the He's slowing down. He's slowing down. I'm telling you, he's slowing down. You got to pick up. You know he's slowing down. Pick it up. Trusting your condition, Scooter. You in shape, champ. You in shape. Get that towel. Get that towel. [Music] Mark Vaz is the man responsible for trying to control the cut over the left eye of Angelo Lao as round eight begins and immediately they fire off the jabs. They've both sparred with famous fighters. Nonito Donaire sparred with Lao during this fight and Fton has often sparred with Carl Frampton. Both say those men have helped them. And now playing the role of Mark Vaz is Danny Milano. Actually in the corner is the cup man. The veteran cup man who's done a tremendous job. 30 seconds into round eight. Fton trying to disrupt Lao trying to get him maybe a little frustrated and angry with some of these maneuverings. Yeah, there's a lot of holes in Lao's uh defense especially when he was squares up at times. And that's when Fton takes advantage all night long. He's been catching him with those uppercuts coming in. There goes one. In this round though, Lao came out and landed some really good shots and got himself a little more punching distance, which is what his dad was telling him to do. Let him go, Leo. Let him go. Watch your head. The sounds speak for themselves. I tell you, I'm really surprised of Fton's inside work. I didn't expect too much of this and showing a lot of excellent inside work. He's showing me different dimensions in this fight. We know he just can't fight from the outside, but he fight good fight on the inside. He's doing a great job. He warned us that he might do that and he wasn't wrong. You know, he's done it so effectively in this fight. Look at that. Beautiful. Those shots just that sets up the big shot keeps thinking. Look at him. Under a minute left to end the tick tock may have the buzzer challenge. looking to bust each other's chops with all kinds of offense and it's been close quarters throughout the fight. There's no real fight between these two. They are just contin to the fact that they're not known for their knockout power. They have to wear each other down is do is doing a great job in these rounds. But the interesting thing is it's not like Leo Lao's not getting work done. He is landing some hilacious body punches. He's just not slowing Fton down. Chopping right by Fton. 10 seconds left in the Leo goes to the body. Fton goes back. Round nine. A tremendous tilt here. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Listen, bro. Listen. Okay. some action against the ropes and on the inside Fton landing the uppercut. What else is new? He's been doing that the whole fight. Now, we talked about Fulton not going to the ropes, but he has pushed Lao against the ropes on a couple of occasions, showing his strength on the inside. And both men doing good work in there. You know, Fulton's body work, he's landed 34 body punches according to show stats in this match, and they've been hard punches, and the uppercut has been so effective for him. But Lao comes back with his own hook, and both men have done such good work. Now, right at the end of the round, I believe, is what we're going to see here with a a right hand from Lao. Check us out. Well, it just kind of glanced off the head of of Fton. It actually looked better in real time uh when we saw it. And uh but he putting a lot of pressure on still is Leo. Round number nine. And Lao with that windmill right hand to try to get Fulton's attention at the beginning of the round. The jab splits the guard of Lao. Lao able to come in and hit the one two. But then Fulton content around. What do you make of Fton? Oh, double jab. But the way that Fulton is controlling Lao with those over hooks and under hooks. the referee's allowing him to do it. His footwork and his speed and his controlling range and that's why he's doing it. You know, he he's doing whatever he wants with Leo because he's controlling that aspect of the fight. They've been physically close throughout the night. How close are they on Steve Farood's unofficial scorecard? Mo, I think they're very close. And I I think more than half the rounds in this fight, you could make an argument for either guy. I gave Lao the last round which broke a little bit of Fulton's momentum on my card, but this is a very, very close fight and uh momentum is very difficult to come by. Come on, man. Let him go. Let him go. Let him go, Steve. Let him go. The irony is that from a distance in the last couple rounds, Lao has fared a little better cuz he's gotten the right-handed occasionally. That jab is like a battering ram for Fulton. really marking up the face of Lao. Not keeping him from coming in well, but it's it's taking its toll actually in this round. Yeah. I mean, look at uh the pressure of Lao is is is overriding. He's overtaking uh Fton because Fton I feel is doing a lot of holding. There he goes again. Can't afford to keep holding like that. And the fighters can't take any rounds off. He's scoring with the jab. The jab has been the story. There's the jab. There's the round keeps coming and digging to the body and going up the middle. You know, and Fulton might get a a warning from the referee about the holding here in a little while. That jab remains poetry. That's all he has. Back to the basics. Back to the basics. Under a minute left and there was an echo there on the quarter said the same thing. The basics that happened on show the other night too, guys. That's why I'm laughing. You know your stuff, R. There's a reason you left and yet the Al, you mentioned the referee allowing Fton to continue to wrestle. He's done a lot of holding where he grapple holds him on the inside. It's been effective for him. And there he does it again. He does a lot of other work there. Even though Fulton's done good body, good work on the inside himself. Both of these fighters have had to overcome hard scrabble upbringings. I know it's a story for a lot of people who take up boxing looking to escape. While here tonight, Fulton and Lao putting it all on the line, wanting to ensure bright futures for themselves and their families. And Steven Fulton and Angelo Lao are putting it on here at the fight. Easy clean. [Music] So many beautiful jabs. The stick is there all night for Steven Fulton Jr. That's it. He's got to keep using it the next three rounds. That will be the key for him. Don't let Leo come in. Just pop him. Pop him and keep moving. Circling to the right, to left. Give him an angle and he'll control the pace and control the and win the fight that way. He can't get away from that. You ain't straight, champ. You in shape. You can't get away from the champ. You hear me? Look a little bit scoop. Listen. Get in your bag. Let's go. Fton's corner wants him to get into his bag. He's looking to secure the bag and the 122 lb championship here and doing a great job after almost a year on the sidelines overcoming a bad case of CO 19. But hey, Angelo Leo took care of business the way he was supposed to when he came to Tmaine Williams to win the title. And he he's very humble. He's he's saying that this is the fight he knows will legitimize him as a champion. Leo's got to get out of the ropes and he's got to spin him around and go back to get pin Fton on the ropes and do his own work. Fton's been 12 rounds twice, two wins. Of course, they're both undefeated and Lao once. So they've been to 12, but boy, they've both taken a lot of punishment, especially Lao. Folton came in as the slight favorite as the challenger. Lao going to the body. Goes upstairs with a right hand. Counter left by Fulton. Fton leads with a right. Hey, hey, hey. Come on, man. I said got to get rough in there. Got to get two more rounds left. You got to push him. You got to do whatever it takes to get him off of you. And Fton utilizing the footwork. backing up and then again able to just control the arm of Lao. The referee continues to allow him to do it. I know it's a veteran maneuver, Ralph, but it's illegal. Yeah. Well, the thing is Lao's giving him that arm. You know, he's putting that arm out there for him to hold him. You know, that's why you got to tuck your cho and now the jab continues to to pay dividends for Fton. I think that the headline of this fight is that Steven Fulton came into and said, "I can fight this fight and do well at it." And he has done exactly that. I'm not saying there's not a lot of close rounds. I'm not saying Lao's not in the fight, but the fact that Fton's been able to do that to me is an extraordinary statement on his skill. Fton looking to represent the Philly fighter, a social activist, a very charismatic, gregarious individual who obviously is uh showcasing his wears. There's a right uppercut landing again. Final minute of the 10th. Yeah, Fa continues to go toe- to- toe with him. He means to change it up. Like I said, he's got the skills. He's got the He's got the footwork. Try to bait Leo to come in and catch him coming in. Change it up for Look what happens when he gets back outside on the with the jab. That's it. Get back outside. The wing come out. Change it up. 30 seconds remaining here in the 10th and Lao now looking to go to the body again. Folton still firing back at it. Yeah, and you know Lao is still as you said kind of push still landing those body shots button landing the sharper punch right is taking over the the round definitely and and I understand what you're saying but it's it's working for Bolton right now. It is. It is. And I mean, if it keeps if it's working, then keep doing it. But he wants to take some time off, you know, get back on the stick because he's going to beat him that way, too. Okay. The way it is, okay? You need to knock this guy out. If you don't knock him out, we're going to lose this fight. You understand me? We're down. Okay. And you need to knock this guy out. That's the only way you're going to win. Okay. So, yeah, by hard Fton using the jab and the right hand to push Lao against the ropes and then being very physical with him on the inside. Uh and and that's the part that the part of that may surprise a lot of people. What didn't surprise him. He said he was going to be able to do it. Let's go. Controlled it on the inside. And we already can tell what Lao's dad thinks. A knockout he thinks is the only way to win this championship round here. Undefeated champion Angelo Lao against undefeated challenger Steven Fulton. division that has produced so many memorable battles including the the trilogy that I know became a fouright series between Israel Vasquez and Raphael Marquez, Marco Antonio Barrera, Eric Morales. Now I don't I'm not saying these two are those fighters but boy this division is cooking. Those are two good examples of great uh tr you know rivalries at this and these two could be rivals. Yeah. And you know what what they're doing is a faximile of that that's very very good. There's that stick again by Fton's dad. Yeah, go ahead. I'm sorry. Go ahead. Leo's dad wants a knockout and it's going to take a lot of barrage of punches, you know, for Leo to stop someone like Fulton and especially because, you know, he's only got nine knockouts. So, it's going to he's going to have to put his punches together a lot more than what he's doing right now. R you coach your sons again. We you talk about it here in the championship rounds and quickly what what can Leo do differently because we see the pattern they continue to be closer than could join twins. Honestly, Leo has just has to go broke for broke and do not allow the he's got to keep working dig hard, bend his legs, go up the middle and up and down. Just make it a war this last two rounds. Well, it's been a war throughout the fight and Fton and Leo continue to throw leather at each other. And Al, you want off the ropes. Yeah, but Lao needs to land the only hopes to land an overhand leg. He needs to give himself a little bit of distance. He's throwing the right hand a lot, but that was a punch that may have stoned Fton early in the fight. The amount of hours and especially during a pandemic, what both have had to endure, what both have had to overcome. It's a fight like this tonight where you wish there were thousands upon thousands in attendance. And I hope you are enjoying it at home as much as we are here at ringside. Steven Fulton Jr. Angelo Lao. It's it's a clinic of so many things that make boxing so awesome. Fton is just too smart. You see how he's there? He won't give Leo the distance that Leo is looking for. But Leo hasn't been smart enough to create angles from the right to the left. Take a step back. He's going just following forward and squaring up too much. Angelo Leo's head is in that center line more and more and it's being targeted by the jab of Fton and then he goes downstairs. Final 15 seconds and now it's Steven Fulton Jr. has and Angelo Leo has to bull his way in and try to get Steven Felton Jr. off his game. 12th and final round is here. And Ry the beast. Alm the beast unleashed earlier tonight. And he he's studying he is studying this fight knowing that he wants to upgrade the title over his shoulder. Only one way you're going to win this and that's you knocking him out. You understand me? You got it. Yo, last round I'll touch closer center. Last round. I'll touch. He's He's going to try to box you now. You need to cut off that ring. You need to set him up with something, Angel. You going to walk him down? Go ahead. But just boxing smart. Look, be smart. Be safe. And let's work. You hear me? Be smart. Be smart. Second up. Second up. Last Wednesday we declared Angelo Letown of Albuquerque, New Mexico. Here's we start the 12th and final round of a fantastic fight. He wants to make his hometown proud, but so does Steven Fulton Jr. representing Philadelphia. And what a fight it has been. Coming down now to the final three minutes. The jab of Steven Fulton Jr., the footwork, the speed, but the championship grit of Angelo Leo, who like you said, Raul, has to put it all on the line. Go full boore like a fire hose blast of brutality. That's all he's got left. I mean, he's got to give everything he's got on a gas tank left and go for broke and try to get Fton out of there. But I tell you what, he really needs a miracle to do that because Fton keeps moving and keeps pinging that jam away. Wah, who has been working with Fulton, but this is his first fight as the lead trainer for him, has got to be proud of what Steven Fulton has done in this fight. And as a fan, you got to be proud of of what these two young warriors have have accomplished here tonight. And yes, it's all about winning and losing, the prize and prize fighting, but again, putting up their undefeated marks. Oh, yeah. Just amazing. Absolutely. and and the effort and and and the good stuff that Lao has done in portions of this fight distinguishes him. Beautiful combinations by uh Fton. I mean, you see this Leo just running into everything. He's getting picked apart, guys. And that's what Lao has to do to try and make lightning happen. He jabbed and then threw the right hand over the top. Take a half step back and put them together. Half step back and put them together. Very clear, concise instructions from Fulton's corner working with Wahed Raheem, former pro lightweight, retired in 2012 in this 122 lb championship affair. And you know what? Look at Fton how fresh he is. You know how many body punches Leo has landed according to show stats? 40 and Fulton is as fresh as he is in this round. And it's funny because, you know, he comes off almost a year layoff. Imagine, you know, what he would have done if he'd be in shape. Yeah. Incredible. I mean, he didn't lose the beat at all. I mean, he's got great rhythm, great range. I mean, he showed a little bit of everything. Final seconds of this championship fight. And just like fellow Philadelphia meat mills, Steven Fton, well, he used to pray for times like this to rhyme like this. So he had to grind like that to shine like this. 15 seconds left. The dreams, the nightmares worth it for Steven Fulton Jr. Will he hear the words and you will he spoil [Applause] great sportsmanship by these two men. A stoic Steven Folton. What is it? What is it? I'll go do it. Well, blinding lights. Neither of these two are blinded by the bright lights here tonight. What a performance. What a fight. Uh Al, as we await the the tabulation. I mean, you've been ringing side for so many legendary awards. I don't want to overstate what we saw, but it it was fantastic on so many levels. Both of these young men distinguish themselves. Go ahead. And let's take a look at the power punches which is everything other than jab landed round by round and you see in many of those rounds it was co so at the end of things just you know he started talking about this and and especially look at round seven and and five in those middle rounds there and then toward the end you know he just did more in terms of those power punches And it was an extraordinary performance by him fighting a fight we most people wouldn't have expected of him to fight stylistically and getting it done. Yeah, I think that was the thing that most surprised me tonight that Fton fought the fight that Leo didn't expect, you know, for Leo expected him to be on the outside all night long. And there you see the numbers. And uh, you know, uh, Fton normally lands 44% of his power punches. He landed only 35 tonight. But guess what? He threw 913 of them. He was so Yeah, he was so busy. And the body by Lao. I pointed out Lao did what he was supposed to do there. He landed a lot. Uh but it still didn't slow down full. Well, they wanted to, I guess, pay tribute to 2021. Did they almost do it with over 2,000 punches still? Wow, man. Always that way, right? the TV, the camera. And yeah, this is a a time where you you wonder how the judges saw it. You know who knows? The one and only Jimmy Lennon Jr. Ladies and gentlemen, after 12 rounds of action, the judges are in agreement. We have a unanimous decision. Here are the score totals. Judge of Brink size Steve Weissfeld scores about 118 to 110. Judges Frank Lombardi and John McCabe both score the bout 119 to 109. All three in favor of the winner. He is still undefeated. And the new WBO Junior featherweight champion of the world, Cool Boy Stephen Fton Jun. It writes itself. Steven Fulton started literally from the bottom and now he's here. 122 lb champion to kick off the new year as he remains undefeated. And we do not want to bury the headline, but Angelo Lao, you have to feel for the champion who well the former champion now. He gave it everything he had, Al, but uh Steven Fulton Jr. There is levels to this. He just selling us. Yes, that man was a great performance. Angelo very disappointed. He fought a spirited and good fight. Steven Fulton was simply better. That's the bottom line of this. Philadelphia represent a city Raul with so many legendary champions. Bernard Hopkins and recently of course with Danny Garcia, JRock Williams, Tevin Farmer. Well, we got a champion now in Philadelphia by the name of Cool Boy Steph, Steven Fulton. Yeah. Boy, did Steven Fulton prove tonight that he is from Philly. You know, you always hear about them Philly Gym Wars. And you know, tonight he won the war at the inside game and you know, and he dominated also too from the outside with his cribs fast jab. I mean, uh, what a performance by Steven Fulton. I was really impressed. All right. Uh, let's bring in our unofficial score, Steve Ford. Uh, what do the numbers tell you, Steve? Well, Mo, uh, you look at the official cards first. This was ended up being a very one-sided, uh, fight. Um, I had it a little bit closer to my card. I had 1171. Not that much closer. I still had Fulton pulling away as the judges did. But let's go back to the official cards. What's interesting is that from the fifth round forward, none of the three judges gave Lao any of the rounds. Fulton swept the cards from round five on. And there was only one round uh that the judges gave Lao unanimously. That was the fourth. The judges agreed on 11 of 12 rounds. So maybe it wasn't that tough a fight to score. Steven Fulton said he would have started as a drug dealer or a rap. He would have been a drug dealer, a rapper. Well, his riches are coming in the ring, Al. And after this performance, big fights on the horizon for Steven Fulton. He lives a focused and excellent life right now as a boxer. Let's go inside the ropes and take a look at this fight in micro early on. Wow. Lao going downstairs like he would all fight, landing 142 body punches and they were battling on the inside. Fulton came out and decided, but for the most part, he was going to stay on the inside with Lao. A surprise. The uppercut was his signature punch for him in this fight using it right there on the inside. The uppercut was the punch that wield the most and on the inside. Fton did his share of body work as well. And Raul made an made a point at one point in his fight that Fton's body punches were very hard and very effective. And even though Lao, you see him on the inside working, just couldn't make those body punches stop Fulton. Well, in a fight in which we mine so much quality action, we were also able to mine some audio gold. It's known as trainer tracks. [Applause] Long too rough for this. The easy one right here, champ. You put all the hard work in. Five months, champ. Let's do it, baby. It's your time. Everything off your jab side to side. Don't sit in front of it. Keep your hands up and don't pull back with your hands down. Whatever you do, do not pull back with your hands down. Remember, you're in better shape than he is, okay? We're going to get him in the later rounds. Need you to box. If we gonna fight, it's going to gonna be a time you gonna fight. Look, that's busting. Let's keep busting him up. Fighting from the outside. That's boxing. Boxing clean. We ain't got to make it that fight. We ain't got to make it hard. We got to be smart. Work that body. Don't focus too much on too much power either. Just work in there. Work in there. You got to stay off the rope. Every time he catch you is when you on the rope. Please, when you get tie him up, listen to him. This is what you work for all your life. So, you got to dig down. Okay. This is all you. You got to work him. We're down. Okay. And you need to knock this guy out. That's the only way you're going to win. That's what I'm talking about. I'm going to keep getting it. That's what I'm talking about. I told you. That's what I'm talking about. I need to do this. That's what you need to do. That's what you want to do. School. I'm going to get it. Listen, that's good work. Let's go. Let's go. Well, talk is never cheap when it comes to trainer tracks. Some great sounds from what was a superlative championship fight. And hey, if you want more on tonight's fights and what else is ahead from Showtime, follow at Showtime Boxing on Twitter, Instagram, Facebook, and the Show Sports YouTube channel for a wide range of post-fight coverage and original content. Well, Steven Fulton Jr. moves his hands like a magician. And like a magician, Brian Kuster, he makes opponents zeros disappear. You're right about that, Mo. And joining me now is the new WBO Junior Featherweight Champion of the World. Cool Boy Steph. How's that sound? I feel And it sounds amazing. What a fight. I mean, to me, the surprise is you beat him at his own game. I mean, he was supposed to be the inside fighter to bully you, and it seemed like you flipped the script and did that to him. The bullies get bullied. You know, it always happens. I'm the new. And was that your game plan? Because we heard your corner say, "Listen, you were supposed to start off boxing this guy and yet you wanted to fight him on the inside." Tell us why. game plan was to box at first, but when I got in there and I see I I made a couple mistakes and he was landing the right hand, cleaning a little bit, I had to get a little dirty and I had to fight his fight and show him that I'm the better man at his style. I had to flip the script a little bit and I knew eventually I'd had to make it a dog fight or continue to bang with him and that's what I did. Yeah. Listen, this was a really interesting fight. Did you get a sense at what point did you feel like I think I got him that I'm taking over and I'm taking control of this fight? Uh probably around like the fifth, sixth round, that's when I I I see he start breathing a little heavy and I and I kept dogging him out at his game. Uh um they they tell us that uh Angelo Leo is going to the hospital out of precaution. And the interesting part of it is when you look at the judges scoring, they all gave you all the rounds after the fifth round. So obviously you you got a sense that you were controlling that fight. For sure. For sure. For sure. I got a sense. And and let me ask you this. You haven't been in the ring in a year and you told me, you said there won't be any ring rush. Why wasn't there any? It wasn't any ring rush due to the things that I've been through uh throughout the year. 2020, we all been through some crazy things and it been a rough year for all of us for 2020. But I feel like that is what changed my mindset and made me love the sport a lot more cuz I lost I feel like I lost my opportunity and it gave me a chance to understand like damn when something is taken away from you you actually really find that love for it and that was boxing. You come from a fighting city. You're now the only world champion right now from the city of Philadelphia. How how does that feel and how amazing does that sound to you? It feels good. It's amazing. I'm going to tell you why. Because I'm the only world champion in any sports in Philadelphia. The only champion Philly has right now. But it's lot more a lot more of us will, you know, have our hands raised like Jeron Inis and a lot a lot more other fighters from talented fighters from Philadelphia. Now, you you also told me that tonight is about putting my stamp at 122 lbs. Do you think you did that tonight? I feel as though I did that, but it's a lot more that I can work on and I and I know that and I seen that in the ring. But as long as I got the job done and I came to take the the world title from the champion, I just got to get back, relax, and enjoy myself at this point. And so then what what is next for Steven Fulton Jr. because Rais the Beast Alen got a victory here tonight and he stayed and watched your fight. Uh me unification bouts. I want to I want to I want to pursue my goal the the the only goal that I've been screaming not none of the other 122 pounders but me is to be undisputed. first. None of them wanted under a unification box, none of that till I start screaming undisputed and that's that's what I want to do. That's what I'm here for. I want to make that come true. What can you say about Angelo Leo as a fighter? Oh, he's a tough He's a tough fighter. He's a good kid, good person, and I take my head off to him. He he came showed up. I I was the better man and I am and I showed that I that I am the better man. And uh I I honestly met his promoter, Floyd, at the Wilder fight and you know, he said he didn't know me, but I bet he knew me now. Uh, so it's a good look now. That is a good He need to give me that bonus that he said he was gonna get Angel Leo, too. I hear you. Uh, what can you say about everything that you've been through here? You get an opportunity to fight for the title last August. Come down with co three days before the G and you felt like this opportunity wouldn't get taken away from you. Everything you've been through from where you come from and now you sit here as a world champion. Man, I was depressed when it happened, but I changed my mindset. I changed the whole narrative around and and I just mentally pushed myself and pushed myself to the limit and I pushed myself in training and I just got to say alhamdulillah. All praise be to Allah and thanks to Al Heymon and the whole show, Tom Cruza, Tom Brown, TGB Promotions, Mayweather Promotions, Chris Delasio, and thanks to all of y'all for making this happen, making my dream come true. That's fantastic. Congratulations. Enjoy it and we look forward to seeing you again here on Showtime. Appreciate that. As you defend your title in the new in the new champion of the world, cool boy Stephen Fulton Jr. Thanks, champ. Thank you.