Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Ladies and gentlemen, your attention please for a solemn moment as we pause the action to recognize yesterday's passing of boxing legend George Foreman, an Olympic gold medalist and twotime heavyweight champion of the world. Big George became the oldest man to win the heavyweight title at the age of 45. loved and respected worldwide, not only for his achievements in the boxing ring, but also for his devotion to his faith and family, his endeavors as a successful entrepreneur, boxing analyst, and inspirational preacher. At this time, we ask you to please rise and remain silent as our timekeeper tools 10 in honor of the Hall of Famer and one of the all-time greats, Big George Foreman. Yeah. [Music] Thank you ladies and gentlemen. May God rest his soul. Well, fans, in the spirit of Big George who inspired fans around the world, let's now welcome the main event boxers who are looking to build their own legacy in the ring. in this our main event of the evening, the unified WBC and WBO super batted super welterweight championship of the world. All right, we are set for the main event introductions from here in the fight capital of the world, Las Vegas. Once again, the duet tones of Jimmy Linen Jr. Ladies and gentlemen, we welcome you to the Michelob Ultra Arena here at the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino in Las Vegas, Nevada, as Premier Boxing Champions presents the PBC Championship Boxing on Prime featured attraction brought to you by TGB Promotions, Samson Boxing, and Mayweather Promotions, sponsored by DraftKings Sportsbook. The crown is yours. This bout is sanctioned by the WBC president Mauricio Sulleman and the WBO President Gustavo Olivieri along with the Nevada State Athletic Commission. The chairman is Dallas Han Executive Director Jeff Mullen. Now introducing our three judges scoring from ringside from New York Max Duca from Oklahoma David Southerntherland and from New Jersey Steve Weissfeld. Introducing our third man in the ring, the referee in charge of the action, Thomas Taylor. All right, fans, here we go with the main event of the evening, 12 rounds of boxing for the unified WBC and WBO Super Welterweight Championship of the World. And now, ladies and gentlemen, in attendance and boxing fans joining us around the world, live from the Mandandalay Bay in Las Vegas, it's prime time. [Music] Introducing to you first the challenger on my right fighting out of the red corner entering the ring wearing black trunks with blue and neon green trim fighting out of his home of Stamford, Connecticut. He weighed in at a trim and ready 152.6 lb with a record of 23 wins and one defeat. He has 11 wins coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the challenger tonight. Making his first attempt at a world title. Here is the battle ready southpaw top contender. Introducing Cordell, the gift booker. [Applause] and his opponent across the ring, the defending world champion, ready to go in the blue corner, wearing blue trunks, fighting out of his home of Coachella, California. He weighed in at a ready 152.8 lb with a fine record of 21 wins, one loss, and one draw. He has 13 wins coming by way of knockout. Tonight he is making the first defense of his title. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the allaction, newly crowned unified WBC and WBO super welterweight champion of the world known as the towering inferno. Introducing Sebastian Fondora. Once again, our referee in charge is Thomas Taylor. now to give instructions. Okay, coaches, coaches, everything under under the letters and above is going to be good. Everything white letters underneath here is up is good. Guys, got my instructions in the back. Protect yourselves at all times. Listen to my commands. Touch them up. Back your corner, gentlemen. One of the best in the sport, Thomas Taylor will be overseeing this championship fight. Sebastian Fondora defending his unified 154 lb title for the first time against prohibitive underdog Cordell Booker who's riding a sixight win streak. The loss like Fondora came against a soft it came in the first round when he was overwhelmed by Emma Williams but that was then this is now. What will we see out of Fendor in the early going? Immediately the jab. Good start. Well, to double down on that loss for Booker, that was at 160 pounds, but at 154 and below throughout his career, he's 7-0 with four KOs. Great point. Although he's had issues making the weight, although both of them came under 154. What do you make of that, Brian? That means they're ready for for a championship fight. Abner, do you think I mean coming under the weight is saying something? Yeah, when it is one fighter and the other one comes in heavier, it tells you that the other one's probably dehydrated. But both of them coming in be below the weight class. I think they're just physically ready. Yeah, they're professionals. A championship fight. And and when we look at the keys to victory for Fendor, you want to fight tall, stay disciplined. Uh volume breaks, rhythm, of course. No Mendoza moments. He was knocked out by Brian Mendoza. And a shocker of an upset for Booker. He wants to make it ugly, make it smart, land early, land clean. And of course, when facing Fendora after, you've got to weather the storm of strikes like a parka. You do. You do. And you're seeing it early from Fedora. Jabbing jab jabbing and walking Booker back uh through to the ropes again. You got to weather that. If you're Booker, wait for the right moment and make your punches count. And it's not that we're asking Fendor to fight boring and get behind that big jab. It's just that not being in the line of fire goes a long way for a guy who has a great chin but doesn't always need to rely on it every single fight. Already throwing three to one now. Throwing Booker three to one is Fondora. A feeling out tactical start to the fight. Booker and Fendor both lefties. There's a right hook. The lead right hook by Booker. And of course, we saw Zoo land the right hand last March against Fondora early in the fight. He seemed to land it at will early on against and we've seen Fondora just like Elijah Garcia earlier tonight who by the way wow escaping with a victory over Terrell Gochay that's still unbelievable. But in any event, he doesn't move his head off center and for Fondor that's the same flaw. He gets hit repeatedly but shows that he's got a beard even against Mendoza. That first left hook buckled the knees and took another right and left to send him crash into the lights and even Luben. Indeed, the lights have never been too big for Fondora. Neither has the violence that he typically creates inside the ring. He wants to be a star. He's not afraid to go through hell to get there. That right hand has been effective for Fondor with the jab and that curling right hook. And now Booker backing up. I want to see Fendor cut off the ring now. He's following Booker all around the ring. Good jab, but cut off the ring. And once you do that, make sure you throw that left hand. [Music] If Fendor is going to command this distance with his jack, it's going to be hard for Booker to land enough punches to win these rounds. Tim Zoolike right hand that landed there for Cordell Booker. And again, he's facing the tallest man ever to win a title at 154 lbs in Sebastian. We mentioned he being the tallest 154 lb champion ever. Well, he's taller than any other champion in the sport and he has an 80in wingspan. That's tanamount to Alexander Usyk who's 6'3 and a heavyweight champion. So, Sebastian Fondora is not supposed to exist and yet he does and he is the man who has half the crown. Terren Crawford another belt holder who trouncs Ty uh Tim Zoo. So right now Pandora and of course Jal Charlo in recess uh you know still the lineal champion. There's so many names. We have Xander's eyes here tonight. I mean there's so many people [Music] I can keep going. Keep going. That's why it's so deep. Yeah. But again Pandora just an exciting fighter all around as a boxer as the aggressor brawler. Whatever. But there was a chip on his shoulder this time. Abner, we talked about him, too. He's getting sick and tired of being asked, you know, about the fact, you know, as he said, he's not a novelty actor. You know, they we we call them different names. He's a guy who wants to prove that he is the man at 154 lbs. And yes, he's a nice guy, a family man, but in the ring, he's a killer. Oh, he is. He is. And and again, I know what people wanted him to fight as a taller man, uses got gifted advantages, but he all around, he's just an explosive, great fighter. He just landed. He fights so exciting. Even when he loses, he's excited. And at his best, he puts so much pressure on his opponents with that swarming style. Yeah. He's already crashed to the 100 punch throwing mark in this fight just in round two. So, he's all, you know, he's throws punches in bunches. Relentless pressure. And yet, I'm going to say Booker doing a pretty good job of uh not being hit with a lot of these punches either. And referee Taylor warning Fundra. Think he caught Booker with an elbow. go. And the stats right now, I mean, in terms of percentages, not that high. And you know, Booker's utilizing movement. We said he was going to be elusive. He's going to utilize the real estate and try to bait Fendor into counter shots. Right now, he's just backing up, not counter. Yeah, Booger's got to count. Yeah, count and wait for Fendor to walk in with that jab. Look how he walks in with his straight uh with his head up high. So he's got to counter that booker, but he's on his back foot. So it's going to be difficult for him to come back with something. [Applause] Yeah, Fondor Andrew mentioned it, Brian. He needs to cut off the ring cuz all he's just following Booker around and Booker's just moving there. There's not a lot of sustained action here. The jab from Fondora's landing. But there's that right hand. That right hand counter is always going to be there. Pandora really needs to be cognizant of that. You would think that they would make adjustments in camp. At some point, you are who you are. And what Fedora is is a pressure allaction fighter who's not going to back down. It looks like a wind gust would knock him over, but he's a sturdy fighter with a great chin. A walking exclamation point who would hope to end this evening with an exclamation point. We are through two rounds of our championship fight in Las Vegas. [Applause] Surprise me. Let's go, guys. Got to go. Coach got to go. Sebastian three Cordell Cordell three scope the bell and round number three Booker lands five jabs per round nearly double Fendor's average and even here in the early going through two rounds he has done about that landing about five jabs a round although in this fight's landing a lot more jabs he's landing about seven or eight a round so a good start for Fondora in that department. If Booker is unable to hurt Fura, he's going to have to outwork him. He's going to have to work behind that jab, throw combinations like he's doing right here. Yeah. Be first. He's got to take that jab away from Pandora. Let the body and working the inside. I mean, you get those moments right there. They're free. You get your space. Let those hands go if you're Booker. Booker continues to move to his right, retreats in the back foot, and Fendor's letting him off the hook. literally here just following those needs to ground. There's those right hands from Booker. Blocked by the high peekaboo guard of Fedora. Pandora's already thrown 130 jabs. Landed 17 compared to 12 of 47 for Booker. There's a jab lands for Bundora. That's a good jab right there from Booker. But again, jab and he steps away. He's got to work his way inside. stay in there. Body shots, uppercuts, and then turn. This is the most active output we've seen so far from Booker. [Applause] Definitely does not want to be on the ropes as Fedora is literally punching down at him with that big left hand. Yeah, and that's when Fedora takes advantage when they start putting their head down like that. He lands that beautiful uppercut. Short uppercut from Fondola. Booker's been in Vegas, away from any distractions of home since February 22. From Stamford, Connecticut, home of my former employer, thriving financial hubs just uh outside New York City. It's better known for hedge funds than haymakers, but Booker wants to stamp his name in the history books as the first Stamfordborn boxing champion. What about the first Connecticut born PBC analyst? How you handle a pretty good announcer for today's Whoa. Yes, you're right. I agree with you. And Booker getting tagged here. Abner at will. And Fondor looking to put the pressure on. He Booker on the verge of really tasting the pressure of Fendor. Fendor noticed that he heard him that he got him with some nice left hands as the straight and the uppercut as well. Now putting the pressure from Fedora and really pressing on the gas. Oh wow. Oh, wow. A great shot from Booker. Has a big left hand. Another left hand for Booker, but the counter right by Fura stops the momentum. Final 10 seconds. Fondor is bleeding from the nose here. Third round comes to a close. Chemistry. A lot of great chemistry right there. And uh we continue right now with uh a round that could be tamount to dropping a sleeve of mentos into a liter of coke if Pandora has his ways. A little explosive here in the fourth. Thank you, sir. Oh, but Booker trying to sit down and punches again and he lands that right because Fondora stands straight up and right in front of you. He doesn't move his head. Overhand right, overhand left are going to land at will. If you're Booker, you want to keep you want to continue to throw those shots, get Fedora's attention. Booker's trying to make it a fight here. He's he's I mean, he's got How much inches does he have to overcome? It's uh it's literally trying to climb Everest. It's only 10 in of reach, 8 1/2 in of height. But I think Booker learned at the end of round three when he landed that big overhand left that that can be a punch that's there consistently. He's open this round with a flurry of those. And I think fighting in the trenches, Abner, could favor Booker at times here. And it did right there. Just when you called that, he landed a beautiful uppercut in the inside. So yeah, you want you might want to stay there for a little bit longer, land those shots, and like I said, just step to the side, not going backwards. Minute gone here in the fourth in round three. Fendor threw 104 punches, the highest since he threw 104 against Jorge Kota six fights ago. So even more offense from Sebastian Fondora. now going to the body, chopping away at Booker. Midpoint of the fourth and Fondora beginning to wear down Cordell Booker. Pandora really getting some leverage on those body shots with that left uppercut, those hooks down low. Booker trying to use the Philly shell. Taylor warning uh from Dora. Hey, I know it wasn't your fault against Sue, but watch the elbows. Watch the forearms. And it wasn't right. I mean, Zoo just leaned in. It was an accident. It was an accident. Exactly. And again, Fedora again pushing back uh Booker doing exactly what he how he fights, pressing, volume punching, and he knows he's going to get caught here and there, but it's just the volume. And he's going to break down Booker. It seems right now. Booker bleeding from the nose once again as the onpercut continues from Fedora. [Applause] Oh, double uppercut on the inside. Booker backing on Booker's heart, trying to hold on the effort. He goes down here in round four. 6. How much more can Cordell Booker take from the towering inferno? Fendor looking to burn the house down here in Las Vegas. That's the second time Booker has been down in his career. The first time was is a bad loss and it's over. Sebastian Fedora takes care of business. He defends the unified 154 lb title for the first time. And he does it by closing the show in the fourth round. Closing the book on Cordell Booker. Did he ever? He closed the range. He closed the distance. He closed the gap. And in in the inside, Pandora like always doing damage. the uppercut, the straight left. I mean, there's so much power behind those hands from Sebastian Fendor. The longest all around just perfect. The longest limbs in the division just shortened his night. Fondora with the fourth round finish. And when we asked him about why he fights like he does, he said, "If you saw me fight up close, you'd understand why I do it." His signature combo, a punishing right hook followed by a sharp left uppercut. His sister Gabriella, undisputed flyweight champion. It's a family affair. They're the first siblings to hold titles simultaneously. Second siblings to win championship, brother and sister since the Yamanakas in Japan. But Cordell Booker disconulate, dejected, gave it all he could but huge underdog for a reason. Sebastian Fondora at the top of his game and here is how he maintained his hold on the Unified Gold AM. We're going to see the knockdowns here. Beautiful uppercut that he's known by. Short, crisp left uppercut. Not once, not twice, but three times that he landed and he was out on his feet. We're going to see another look at the knockdown setup jab and the uppercut again. Walking in straight with the uppercut and he doesn't even have to bend his knees. The power comes from the torque. How he turns the punch. Sebastian beautiful turned uppercut and Booker again trying to be in this fight trying to hold but again it was too much. We talked about one of the keys for Fondora being volume breaks rhythm and the volume. Over a 100 punches thrown through the three rounds into the fourth and then the referee saw enough. Thomas Taylor intervene saving Booker to fight for another day and giving Sebastian Fendor another impressive win. Another impressive win for Sebastian Fendor. And he wants the big names now, Marla. That's what he wanted. He wanted to make a statement tonight. Lots of big names and I'm sure we'll get we'll get into it with Brian Campbell, but for the towering Inferno, Sebastian Fondora, he was like a metronome of mayhem. He timed it perfectly. And speaking of great timing, let's go to Jimmy Lim Jr. [Music] Ladies and gentlemen, we have the time of 2 minutes 51 seconds. In round number four, a referee in charge, Thomas Taylor, stops the contest. He is the winner by way of technical knockout. And still, the unified WBC and WBO super welterweight champion of the world, the towering inferno, Sebastian Fondora. [Music] [Applause] Sebastian Fondora remains unified 154B champion as he records his 14th knockout and he is standing by with our Brian Campbell. Sebastian Fondora long layoff but you look like you haven't missed a beat. Respectful [Music] [Applause] embrace there between the two fighters. Didn't seem like you had nearly a year off. How good did it feel to shake off the rust and deliver the boom tonight? I felt um ready this whole time. You know, I've been working very very hard. Um this past year, we went back into camp back in May last year. after that SU fight. Uh uh I know there was a uh a misunderstanding of me having a broken nose, but we were working all time. We were working all time. And now uh I successfully defended my two titles once now. Uh I I just got note that if I defend my WBO five times, I could become super champion as well. So, you know, the sky's is the limit. You're of course known for your allaction style. I don't think it's possible for you to make a bad fight, but what did tonight prove about your punching power? Um, I think maybe to the fans that that I'm a powerful fighter. You know, I felt I was a always a powerful fighter, but you know, um, with this fight, I guess it just showed even more. You also showed a big jab in the early rounds to outbox Booker. What was the game plan against a much smaller, trickier southpaw? Um, you know what's funny about this camp? We didn't even have a soft poll in. So, uh, uh, it was just catching the footwork. He was moving a lot. I don't think he really wanted to trade at all. Uh, uh, and we were just waiting to wear him down. Touched him in the body, I think the third round, and he started strolling down a lot. So, we worked off of that and and it worked out. I don't have to tell you that this might be the deepest division in all of boxing. You could be the power player with two of four recognized world titles around your waist. Who does the towering inferno want next? Um I love to be undisputed champion like my sister, you know, the youngest undisputed champion in the world, but um whoever they have for me next, whether it's the uh um the IBF champion, who um the one I think uh uh SP um not Spence um Spence as well, but Spence as well. Um Bram Yeah, Bram is IBF champion. I like to fight him as well. Um I we just got um told that the WBO mandatory is um the Puerto Rican kid Zas. Xander Zas. Yeah. Talented fighter. Uh whoever whoever whoever you know we have two belts. We have to defend them. And if anybody's willing to unify, let's do that