Kind: captions Language: en All right, thank you very much to the media for joining us wherever they might be from around the world. We are counting down the days until Saturday, March 28th from the MGM Grand in Las Vegas. It'll be the WBC super welterweight champion of the world, Sebastian, the towering Inferno Fund Dod defending his crowd against the former unified welterweight champion of the world, Keith one-time Thurman. That'll headline a PBC on Prime Video pay-per-view event that comes your way Saturday, March 28th, 8 Eastern, 5 Pacific time. You do not want to miss it. Tickets are on sale right now at axs.com. Again, if you're going to be in Las Vegas or thinking about making your way to the fighting capital of the world, axs.com. In addition to the pay-per-view being available on Prime Video, they are also fans are able to continue to purchase the pay-per-view and the telecast through traditional pay-per-view and cable and satellite providers as well as ppv.com. The event promoted by TGB Promotions and Samson Boxing, sponsored by DraftKings Sportsbook. The crown is yours. Let's meet one half of our main event on Saturday, March 28th. This man with a record of 23 wins, one loss, one draw. He healed from his hand injury that delayed the original October date. He's coming off of a spectacular performance last July when he stopped Tim Zoo after seven rounds. He is the reigning and defending WBC super welterweight champion of the world in allaction fighter who is adored by fight fans around the globe. Ladies and gentlemen, here is the tower inferno, Sebastian Fondor. Sebastian, how are you, champ? &gt;&gt; Doing good. Doing good. Cam's been going great. We're ready for March 28th and uh to defend our title and remain the WBC super welterweight champion. &gt;&gt; Sebastian, as we get closer to fight night in uh a couple of weeks, you know, the the magnitude of this fight against Keith Thurman, what what he has accomplished in his career. You've obviously fought some highlevel world class contenders and world champions, but would you say on paper that Keith Thurman is probably the number one guy if you defeat him that'll be on your resume? &gt;&gt; You know, I just see as another fight, you know, um we fought a former champion already. We fought a champion while he was a champion as well. So, you know, this is a just has to be seen as another fight for me. &gt;&gt; When it comes to you don't have to necessarily divulge your game plan, but you have been involved in a variety of different fighters with different styles. Keith is very cerebral, can mix it up at times, but you know, how do you prepare for someone that has the ring IQ like a Keith Urman? &gt;&gt; I just have to go in there and do what I'm best at. You know, have to make the ring mine. make this fight mine as well. &gt;&gt; One thing about you is that you are uh very much heralded as an allaction fighter, very entertaining fighter when you're in camp. The the balance that you have between being that allaction fighter, but also, you know, having more of that ring IQ that is going to be, I believe, so important in this fight against Keith Thurman. Eventually, we're going to see high level chess inside that ring on Saturday, March 28th. &gt;&gt; I think so. Yeah, I think so. This is a uh you do have to think when you're in that ring. Um what works and what doesn't work. And we'll see when we step into the ring with him. Uh it could be fast-paced. It could be more of a thinking one, but uh you know, we're ready for whatever. &gt;&gt; All right. Right now, I'm going to turn it over to our outstanding PR team, Andrew Roberts and company to go ahead and if you have questions for Sebastian Fund, Andrew will call upon you. State your name, raise your hand, and give us your media outlet. Andrew, it is all yours, my friend. Thanks very much. Right. Our first media questions today are going to come from Elias Blanco with the Split Decision Network. Elias, please unmute yourself and you can ask your questions. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Andrew. Hey, Sebastian. Good to hear from you again. How you doing, guys? I'm &gt;&gt; good. And you know, I just wanted to say, you know, Keith Thurman told me that the major factor going into this fight is going to be his experience and that you really haven't fought any OGs yet on your resume. You know, what's your response to that claim? &gt;&gt; Um, OG's OG's aren't really in this sport no more, you know. So, once you get old in this sport, you shouldn't be boxing no more. That's what I think. But, uh, I uh I fought a lot of fighters, you know. I just see Keith Thurman has another one. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And last question, you know, where does a win against Keith Thurman rank on your resume. &gt;&gt; It's a good win. It's a good one. He's another champion that that's uh a fantastic career. So, having a win over him will be great for my career as well. &gt;&gt; All right. Thanks very much, Liz. Our next media question is going to come from James Bell with the Boxing Source. James, please unmute yourself and you can ask your questions. &gt;&gt; All right. Thanks, uh, Sebastian. Uh, you know, you talk about, you know, being around the top of the 154 pound division. Um, but it seems like a couple of rankings do have you below some fighters like Virgil Ortiz or somebody else. What What is your response to those that kind of like rate you um probably like around like number three or number four, something like that at 154? &gt;&gt; Boxing is full of opinions. Sports is full of opinions, you know. uh you know these are our human minds thinking these things you know it's not facts or anything like that so you know anybody can talk about anything what they want especially here in America that's uh the freedom of speech so you know do whatever you like like whoever you like but I consider myself the best &gt;&gt; now uh one thing that was uh featured you know here over the past couple of weeks uh there as far as like you and your upcoming fight is the obstacle course that you have over at the uh house. Uh, what would you say is the fastest time that you completed that obstacle course? &gt;&gt; I I could do it under five minutes now. So, so I do it pretty fast. &gt;&gt; All right. Thank you for those questions, James. Our next media questions are going to come from Gail Falcon with New York Fights. Gail, please unmute yourself and you can ask your question. &gt;&gt; Thank you very much. Good morning, Sebastian. Earlier this week, I talked to your sister. You're both training together. Both have fights coming up. hers this Saturday and you two work each other's corners. How does that experience of a fight from outside the ring aid you when you're the one inside the ring? What do you learn when you're acting in that role? &gt;&gt; What I watch while I'm fight um fighting or or while watching my sister fight is is the human reaction. and how people react stepping into the ring, how the opponent reacts into those things, how they stop the fight when you know they're going to stop the fight. I look at those things from the outside view, stuff that you don't really pay, you're focused on fighting the opponent while you're in the ring. So, those are things I I like to look at &gt;&gt; and that I'm sure you consider an asset when then you're inside the ring. You have that extra knowledge. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. Absolutely. I think a good view on boxes just throwing punches. &gt;&gt; Thank you very much. And we'll get you down here to San Diego where I'm based and you'll have to go through the MCRD boot camp obstacle course one of these days. &gt;&gt; Oh, for sure. For sure. &gt;&gt; All right. Gotta have to work that out. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Thanks, G. &gt;&gt; Our next media questions are going to come from Matthew Brown with Brunch Boxing. Matthew, please unmute yourself. You can ask your question. Uh, first of all, how you doing, Sebastian? It's good to hear from you. Um, I wanted to talk to you. &gt;&gt; I wanted to talk to you about what went on between uh you and Xander Zayas. Obviously, there's been a lot of chatter from his side that you were trying to put these restrictions on him to make the fight and then you ended up uh uh dropping the belt. Just in your estimation, what went on with Xanderas and why weren't we able to get that fight made? Well, you know, after I fought Booker, he was a ring. I don't know who called him up in the ring, but uh you know, we were planned for fighting, too. You know, I don't I don't pick the fights. I don't pick the fights. These guys, the promoters in in PBC, they pick them for me, you know. Uh uh it just it is what it is. You know, he has two belts right now. We have a belt. We can still unify. That never that never happened, but that fight can still happen. So, I'm not worried about it. Now, uh, going into the the Keith Thurman fight, obviously we know Keith Thurman is, uh, is a legend. Um, how do you feel like your skills match up against, uh, Keith Thurman's skills, uh, based upon how you saw him in his last fight? &gt;&gt; He looked good in his last fight. I I I think my skills are better. That's why we're fighting them. You know, I'm the champion. I'm defending my title and I plan on keeping my title come March 28th. &gt;&gt; All right, man. Best of luck to you. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; All right. Thanks, Matthew. Our last media questions for Sebastian are come from Jim Conland with RCB Radio Sport in Ireland. Jim, please unmute yourself and you can ask your question. &gt;&gt; Hi, Sebastian. Uh, my first question to you, Sebastian. I suppose this fight has been a long time in the making. You've been pitted against each other. Maybe this fight will or will won't happen, but it's finally come about now. And uh in terms of Keith Turman, in terms of breaking him down as an opponent, what you think are the key facets that you like in this matchup? &gt;&gt; I like that. Um I'm the younger guy. I'm the the champion as well. So, lots of things favor me in this fight. Of course, those things you cannot just rely on, but you know, it's like I'm out right now. I'm very confident, very uh uh skilled now, very mature. So, you know, it should be great. &gt;&gt; And lastly for me, you mentioned that you're the younger guy and obviously Keith uh Turman was at a height of his powers a few years ago. Do you still think you're fighting the same uh Keith Turman? Is this a rejuvenated Keith Turman? Is is this the the best Keith Turman version we're going to see? Do you want to see the best Keith Thurman uh to show that you're the better man? &gt;&gt; I have to expect the Keith Thurman, the best Keith Thurman, you know, uh uh to come out, you know, that's what we're training for. So whether he brings it or not, it's not up to me. But I expect the best from him. &gt;&gt; All right, thanks very much for those questions, Jim. With that, I'm going to throw it back over to our host, Ray Flores, to get some comments from Sebastian before we wrap up with him. &gt;&gt; All right, thank you very much. Now, Sebastian, I Keith Thurman is obviously on the line right now and he's listening. Are there some, you know, final words that you'd like to give to Keith before you see each other in Las Vegas? &gt;&gt; We'll see you in two weeks. You know, boxing. He already knows that. I'm sure he has lots of things to say, but we'll see you March 28th. &gt;&gt; What would you like to say to the fans as well, Sebastian, as they get ready for your world title defense on March 28th? Expect a great fight. Expect a great fight from like always. You know, this all over again. All right, Sebastian, thank you so much. Really appreciate it. Or before you leave, uh, let me bring in Keith one time Thurman, the former unified welterweight champion of the world. Moved up in weight last March and finished off Brock Jarvis. Keith Thurman looking to further his legacy. Keith, before we get ready to let Sebastian go, what would you like to tell him directly? &gt;&gt; Keep training hard, champ. Go run that obstacle course a few more times, pimp. It's going to be a great fight. He already knows, man. You know, he knows and he don't know. You know, all he knows is Keith Thurm's another fighter. I'm going to train like any other fighter. He's trying to simplify it for himself. You know, he don't want to feel the weight on the shoulders. It could be heavy being champ. I'VE BEEN THERE, CHAMP. I'VE BEEN THERE. I KNOW WHAT IT'S LIKE. IT'S ALL GOOD, MAN. Just train hard and get ready, baby. We're weeks away, days away. The final countdown is soon. It's going down March 28th. &gt;&gt; Sebastian, before before you leave, Keith, what doesn't he know? Or is that going to be uh, you know, revealed on March 28th? &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. He's going to he's going to see, you know, he wants to bring it like you said, he's he needs to do what he always have done. you know, he needs to be Sebastian Fendor. And he's confident and he feels like he's growing, but he's and he made a great statement. A lot of OGs aren't here. Different generation, different times. When before I became champion, I had many ex-world champions that they put me in the ring with. There was still OG's holding it down. He's going to see what a OG can do. And the name is one time for a reason, not a short season. March 28th, Fendor is going to find out. &gt;&gt; All right, Sebastian, you're more than welcome to continue to stay on, but we're going to turn our attention on the challenger, Keith Thurman. Keith, you mentioned about the the OGs, and Sebastian, you know, spoke about, you know, that there not many of of the older generation around. for you? Do you almost feel like you're waving the flag for the generation that you know you embody that you were so ingrained in that now there's so few of you around in the sport at this level? &gt;&gt; Hey, somebody got to do it, right? Somebody somebody got to do it. Somebody got to hold it down. Why not let it be me? Why not let it be Thurman? You know, uh I've had a lot of unfortunate events throughout my career. a lot of things didn't pan out. You know, we know what Sebastian's talking about. You know, they pick the fights. You know, we sometimes as a fighters, we just sit back, let the industry do what it do. But when you champ and when you're in a good position, everything's fine. And then eventually things all of a sudden they just the dominoes don't start falling in alignment no more. And uh the clock keeps on ticking and a lot of times spent wasted in my prime years, but at least I'm healthy, you know. I'm healthy and I'm still ready to get in the ring and swing and I want the best, you know. I want the best. FOD says he's the best. Put me against a young boy who who's the best and let me get this world title. I mean, it's it's just this is what boxing is about, man. I love I love going for the belt and taking the belt, you know. Uh when I first became champion, they didn't allot me that opportunity. Uh they elevated me into status, which eventually I lived with as I defended and defended and defended the world title on multiple occasions. Um and then unifying uh back in the day with Danny Garcia who was undefeated at the time. So, you know, but Danny's the only champion I got to take the belt from. So, this is the second time and it just so happens to be the WBC world title once again in a new division and it's just exciting, man. A seven-year comeback. I love boxing. I love boxing history and I'm happy to be a part of it and write my own historic story and keep living the legacy that is Keith One time Thurman. Do you consider this to be like the the second half of your career like that this is going to be the, you know, the division and the mindset where you give it one more push and and you sort of continue to or you let younger fans know that, hey, this is why I was so good and so heralded for a long time because the sport is introducing and being exposed to newer fans and it's a newer generation. You we've seen the evolution of social media as well. Do you kind of see this as being like the second half of One Time's career? &gt;&gt; It's definitely um you know the second leg of the race, you know, however you want to really look at it. Uh this is where the legacy is written or not. you know, the legacy will be written here and now or, you know, it'll just be something that was, you know, uh, but great champions, they become champions again, you know, and you can't stop a true champion from rising to the top. I mean, this is what boxing is about. Uh, the cream of the crop, rises to the top. And so I'm here. I've been here before and I'm here to make a statement and just do as much great things that I can uh till we hang these gloves up. But you know, we got a few more years. We got, you know, several more tangos in us, a few more dances on the dance floor. And uh that's what March 28th is all about. Just putting me back in the big lights, the spotlights. MGM Grand, Championship Boxing, Amazon Prime Pay-per-view, and yeah, showcasing my skills and talents to a whole new audience, you know. Um, and I'm looking forward to it. A lot of these young guys who are in the sport of boxing, um, who are spectators now, last time I was champion, they were like freshman in high school or something, you know, so, you know, they don't know Keith Thurman. And so, there there's a lot of fans that are just highly anticipating this comeback. And I'm but I'm really looking forward to the new eyes and um the new excitement that we can get behind your man Keith Thurman here and just show the world that you know Asia is nothing but a number and boxing is a skill-based sport. All right, I'm going to turn over to the media for questions. is Andrew Roberts will call upon you. Let us know your name and your media affiliate and ask questions to the former unified welterweight champion of the world focused on becoming the new super welterweight champion of the world on March 28th. Keith onetime Thurman. &gt;&gt; All right, thanks very much Ray. Our first media questions for Keith are going to come from James Bell with the boxing source. James, please unmute yourself and you can ask your question. &gt;&gt; All right, thanks. A couple of questions here for you, Keith. Um, first one, like how disappointed were you that you were not able to get this shot at Sebastian Fendor back in October cuz it was basically a week away from that scheduled fight. &gt;&gt; Not important. How excited are you now, champ? I'm really excited. Who cares? Who cares? You still care. It's all &gt;&gt; I'm amped up. &gt;&gt; It don't matter. &gt;&gt; It don't matter. Who cares how sad I was? Who cares how mad I was? WHO CARES HOW MANY BOWLS of ice cream I ATE? WE BACK AT CAMP, PIMP. WE BACK WORKING HARD, HUH? I JUST GOT DONE RUNNING SIX MILES AND GETTING ON MY SPIN BIKE AND TAKING A SHOWER BEFORE I HAD TO TALK TO YOU. ALL RIGHT, we working, baby. Ain't nothing to be mad about. Ain't nothing to be sad about, man. We grateful. There's a new day and a new dawn, baby. You got to wake up and count your blessings, man. We happy to be here and looking forward to this up and cominging fight. &gt;&gt; Yeah. No doubt. No doubt. I of course you had that shirt on, you know, of course Timber and everything like that. So, you know, going into this camp, like how much have you been working on, you know, the strategies there working or fighting a taller fighter there and Sebastian Fedor? I know that there's one particular fighter that's in the DC area that you may have worked with. So, how has that been? &gt;&gt; Oh, it's great, man. both of my sparring partners um they they definitely have the height reach that I need uh to get accustomed to and preparation so that you know we have at least some familiarity right we're not going to be in the ring with Sebastian Fendor till we are in the ring with Sebastian Fedora that that's a given and he's not going to be he cannot get anybody to be Keith Thurman until the day he meets Keith Thurman that's also a given but at least I got two guys 6'4 66 and they're in that ballpark. Long jabs, one is in this division. He's ideal. Michael Fox, that's the DC fighter. He's he's the go-to. He's the go-to sparring partner for all camps related to Fondora. He was in the Zoo camps. He was in the Mendoza camp. He's been in the Thurman camp twice now. So, I'm very grateful that we were able to bring him in backto back. and uh um our Winter Haven uh fighter as well, heavyweight, 6'6, 236 lbs. And boy does he move forward. The only reason why we use him is because even though he's a heavyweight, he's a volume puncher. So, he's walking me down, put me on the ropes, trying to land six punch combos, uh punches and bunches when I give him the opportunity. I don't give him lots of opportunities, but when he gets it, he tries to take advantage. And I'm in there trading punches with heavyweights for this match, people. Y'all should have saw what yesterday looked like. We was trading punches, you know. And um it's just beautiful. Uh I have one guy who can put that pressure, who can move forward cuz the heavyweight's just really challenging to put him on his back foot. And then Michael, he's got that long jab, a quick jab, nice one, two, very sharp. and he's he's more fluid as a boxer. He can be on his back foot. So, I don't know what type of fondor we're going to meet. Are we going to meet front foot fond? Are we going to meet back foot? The one who stayed on the edge of his jab against Tim Zoo. I don't know which one, but my sparring partners are giving me both looks, which is going to help me just be mentally and physically prepared for this matchup coming soon. &gt;&gt; All right, perfect. Great stuff, Keith. Thank you for those questions, James. Uh, our next media question is going to come from Elias Bonco with Split Decision Network. Elias, please unmute yourself and you can ask your question. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Andrew. Hey, Keith. So, you mentioned it in this press conference. You know, when you first won the welterweight title, you were elevated to world status. You didn't really get to beat the man. You know, how would it feel to get that opportunity March 28th to take the title from the actual champion and become a a world champion in another division? You know, it's funny because when you guys asked, you know, some questions to some uh Sebastian, you know, he said he likes that he's young and that he's champ, you know, so what he's saying is, you know, he's got youth on his side. He's going to come in shape and any close rounds, you know, he said don't rely on it, but it's nice knowing that he's the champion and that I have to beat him, right? At the same time, I've been there. I've held it down as champion. And every match, you're defending. You're defending. Yes, you you have the luxury of being a champion, but people are coming for you. They're coming for you. And you know, sometimes there was just a time in my career where I started off boxing as a kid. It was always fun. And then at the top of the sport, you know, it really does start to feel like a job, which it is. We're grown men. It's okay. We get paid well. It It's a job, but the feeling was different at that stage in my career. And I really didn't like that feeling. The feeling I have right now from all the time off, fighting in Australia, finally coming back to the MGM Grand Spotlight, Amazon Prime pay-per-view. Uh it's just a beautiful feeling. And that feeling of taking the title, you know, taking it. I ain't not asking permission. I'm not asking FOD to hand it over. It's straight Mortal Kombat, baby. Get over here. Give me that WBC world title and continue the uh legacy of Keith one time Thurman and grow a new fan base and just put the respect back on the name and look forward to whatever the future holds. &gt;&gt; And I'll ask the same question as I asked Sebastian. Where would a win against Fendor rank on your resume? &gt;&gt; I mean, it's it's a great win. It's a great win. It's it's a legendary comeback win. I mean, this is one of those things where no matter how much you love Keith Thurman, I know how you feel. I know you still have that doubt. I know you have that question mark. You know, is he really going to do it? He's 37. It's Sebastian. He's 6'5. Can he really do it? You know, it's a big win, man. It's a big win. Um, this is beating a world champion. I mean, this is Sebastian is not, you know, there there are different times, you know, where you can just get a little soft champion. Sebastian's not that, man. So, this this is a tremendous win. Um, I don't know how to fully rank it um in my resume, but just a great win, you know, a great win, hands down. &gt;&gt; All right, great. Thank you for those questions, Elias. Our next question is going to come from Matthew Brown with Brunch Boxing. Matthew, please unmute yourself and you can ask your question. &gt;&gt; How you doing today, Keith? Uh, I I wanted to talk to you because you are Keith one time Thurman. You are a former unified champion, future Hall of Famer, has been in there with a who's who of fighters, yet you're still trying to fight today. Why are you still here, Keith Thurman? &gt;&gt; Popping out babies. No, man. Uh, you know, there's you're gonna have to walk away. There will be a day. But, you know, in sports and just as a man, you know, we like to, us men, we like to have some control over our lives, right? We like to have control sometimes. Maybe a little too much with our women. depending on what kind of man you is. Maybe you like a little too much control, you know, but we like to control and dominate situations, you know, and it just didn't feel good that my career got outside of my control, right? So, I finally got an opportunity to try to get a little bit of control back and let's end this story the way we want to end it. And we're not ending this story without taking a few more shots. Put me in a game, coach. Huh? You like baseball? Let Thurman back few more swings. Come on, Babe Ruth. We can't end the story. You end the story today of Keith one time Thurman. It's It's a good story. It's all right. There's nothing wrong with it. But every there's just a voice. I don't know how many times you've heard this voice in your head or this extra beat in your heart, something deep in your soul and it says, "You got more, champ. You got more, champ. You can do more, champ. The greatness isn't done, champ." So, I just I can't stop hearing that voice, baby. And once I don't hear that voice no more, you won't see me no more. But right now, the fire is kindled. The passion is here. And I think there's a few more great things I can do in the sport of boxing. You got to take me out the game. I'm not walking away. Now, um, with Sebastian Fendor, I don't want to say he's been dismissive, but he kind of sees this as just another fight, you know, like he respects the name Keith Thurman, but not the game, Keith Thurman, almost like that. It's almost as if he's looking at you as if you're some sort of stepping stone or gatekeeper. How important is it for you, Keith Thurman, the legendary Keith Thurman, to show Sebastian Fendor on March 28th at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas, Nevada, that that gate is welded shut. Look, man, after this fight, y'all can call me the weatherman, okay? Cuz when Sebastian Fendor goes down, TIMBER, WHEN I PUT THAT SWING on him, WHEN I SWING on him and he goes down, he's going to realize that's what a legend is. He ain't met one yet. You can't you can't know what you haven't tasted. You ain't got a taste, you don't know nothing about it in life. Life is experiential, you know. And I I hear his lingo. I hear all his dismissive um his comments, you know, I don't see them as dismissive as you do. I see them more as basic psychology. This is what he needs to tell himself to sign the contract. This is what he needs to tell himself to get in the ring and just have it be another day. It's for him. It's going to be another day. I take it a little bit more serious than that. and he's gonna find out when we step in the ring that March 28th is not another day, it's Thurman's day. &gt;&gt; All right, thank you for those questions, Matthew. Our next media question is going to come from Gail Fal with New York Fights. Gail, please unmute yourself and you can ask your question. &gt;&gt; Thank you very much. Good morning, Keith Thurman. From one OG to another, we're very glad that you are back because you are the undisputed interview champion of boxing. No question about it. In fact, someday I think that really we should have you interview yourself, but that's for another day. One of the themes that's come up in this discussion this morning is experience. And I'd like to ask you about what edge your experience gives you. And I'm not necessarily talking about the skills in the ring, but just having been through it in a way a younger opponent hasn't. What edge does that give you for this fight? You know, the one thing about experience is as you continue, you you add on to yourself, right? Like layers of an onion. And that's what experience really means. you know, at the presser, you know, Tom Brown even mentioned that Sebastian Fendor is getting better and better. He is starting to he is starting to grab some of these layers, you know, but it really takes a fight like this. This is what makes men. This is a gladiator sport, you know. When you forge a weapon, not only do you put it in the fire, but you have to hit it with the hammer. And that's that's what makes great champions, you know. So, is March 28th, is Keith one time Thurman going to continue his legacy and be a champion in a new division, or is Sebastian Fendor going to prove that he's one of the greatest and toughest at 154 and that not even not not even the gladiators, one of the baddest gladiators of the past can defeat him, you know, and and uh signify that we are in a new era that that new class cuz it's it's already on the doorstep. These young fighters are coming out of the woodworks. These new champions are coming out of the woodworks. This this Floyd Mayweather, Pacquiao, you know, all those names are so far gone. And then who's a Thurman? Who uh Canelo's still relevant? He's He's one of the OGs. Errol Spence is making a comeback. Jamar Charlo, people don't know what's going on. There's a lot of names. Uh Deontay Wilder, the the heavyweight division is past Wilder, you know. So, my generation, we're at the cusp right here where there's only a few of us got our head above water. There's only several of us with our head above water. But luckily, I'm one of them. And Sebastian is in for a heck of a fight. You guys are in for a heck of a show. And this is just what boxing is about before before that new generation comes in. These are the type of matchups that need to be made. And I'm just happy to be here and make this happen. &gt;&gt; Well, Keith, I have to say I I believe and let's all remember Bernard Hopkins made it to 50. Are you gonna make it to 50? Hey, for anything past 40 is overtime, mama. I promise you. But I'mma keep going for the love and for the joy. And like I said, until I stop hearing that voice that says there's more you can do, as long as I believe in myself, I'm still going to be here. &gt;&gt; All right. Excellent. Thank you for those questions, Gail. Our last media questions for today are going to come from Jim Conlin with RCB Radio in Ireland. Jim, please unmute yourself and you can ask your questions. Hi, Keith. Great talking to you again, champ. It's been a few years. Uh, Keith, if I can start off talking about Sebastian Fondora, and he he's probably recognized as probably having one of the best defenses in boxing, but when you were at the height of your power, you face off against competitors like Danny Garcia, Shawn Porter that were renowned for their defense, and you were systematically able to break them down. Now, you've stored that in your memory bank. Is that an important weapon for you that you've come across fighters that have great defensive repertoars in the past and that you come crunch time you were able to break them down? &gt;&gt; I don't I don't see uh Fendor as a defensive fighter. Um you know being challenging to hit uh but I feel like that's more of a reach advantage than a defensive tactic. uh because you know he's let everybody hit him, you know, um he's let everybody get inside and exchange and and get their hands on him. And right before Tim Zoo uh retired, Tim Zoo was Tim Zoo, I think, won the highlight reel of that round. Uh and then, you know, still retired. So, he's definitely a tough opponent. He's a champion for a reason. I know after getting out of the ring with champions that I've dominated, I still learned how they became champion. There's always something that a champion does right. So, I know he's doing something right, and I look forward to learning about it when I step in the ring with him. Um, but yeah, you know, I the one thing that's really allowed Keith Thurman to be so successful in his career is really my ability to adapt. You know, I forget which one was talking about it being a highlevel chess match, but um that's what it can be like sometimes, but boxing is not just highlevel chess. It's high level speed chess, right? You get less time to think. Boop boop boop boop boop, take the pawn. Boop boop boop, there goes your rook. Boop boop boop, there's a body shot. There's a head blow, right? And so it's just a lot faster and uh sometimes the thinking has to be more um reactive and you and you get into a zone where you're only doing what your body has trained to do. And what I've trained myself to do is even in the midst of that, I can still think. I know how to find the calm within the storm. And not every fighter can do this. Once they get reactive, they they they find themselves only in a reactive mode and not able to make micro decisions and calculate and adjust, etc., etc. So, you know, I'm bringing all of this into the ring and I'm hoping for it to uh pan out in my favor uh come March 28th. &gt;&gt; Uh Keith, my final question you to you, I have to jump on something you said uh there because it really struck a core with me. You mentioned about the possibility of Earl making a comeback and I suppose all your eyes is focused on Sebastian Fondora, but that was probably one of the dream matchups uh that got away in the past. Errol Spence versus uh Keith Turman. It was probably rooted at the time. It was possibly the the best match outside of possibly Turman Crawford Spence Crawford that the possibility of Spence versus uh Turman. And is that a real possibility if both fighters have that trajectory going forward that that we can have that showdown once and for all to see who was that man behind uh Terrence? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I don't really know, man. Uh uh he went to fight Crawford instead of me. I had my I had a contract on the table. I signed my contract to fight him. So I know he was being presented with one. I guess he hesitated and he started negotiating on the back end for another fight and he chose to go for that fight. It was obviously a unification fight and um I don't think he was in a winning scenario that year. Uh so he probably went with the highest paid fight, but um we don't know. We don't know his health right now. Um he's been very adamant about not liking to talk about me. Maybe I talk too much. Uh you know, they know I know how to promote a fight. I talk smack. I bring up old references. Uh maybe he doesn't want to go through a presser with Thurman. Maybe he knows it's going to be overwhelming. Uh at the end of the day, it's unfortunate. You know, there was a time where there were three great undefeated champions, Errol Spence, Bud Crawford, Keith Thurman, and they fought each other. We never got to see Thurman versus Spence, nor have we saw Thurman versus Crawford, which would been great fights. Great fights for the sport, great fights for our careers. Unfortunate those matchups never happened. If we can make it happen sometime this year, uh for the history books, for for those who know the storyline and everything, I would have no objections. It's fine. Uh, but there's a lot of names and right now my mind is focused on Sebastian Fendor and we're not even sure um what kind of Spence we're going to see. We haven't seen him in a comeback fight. He's fighting Tim Zoo. They both have taken some losses now. They both need a win and um only one fighter can win and put themselves back into um you know some contention here. You know, I don't we don't obviously I don't think Timu will ever um be world a dominant world champion at 154, but if the timing is right and if he gets the right matchup, if he's lucky enough, he might too be able to be champion of the world one day once again. But it's a it's an uphill battle for the two of them. And uh I'm climbing Mount Everest right now, Sebastian Fendor, come March 28th. And um looking forward to it, man. This is going to be a fight for the history books. &gt;&gt; All right, perfect. Thank you for those questions, Jim, and thank you to all the media that joined us today. Uh, I want to thank Keith as well as Sebastian for their time as well. And with that, I'm going to throw it back over to Ray Forest to wrap things up. &gt;&gt; Thanks so much, Andrew. Keith, any final comments and final words for the five fans that either be coming to Las Vegas or watching wherever they might be around the world and really enjoying this matchup on pay-per-view. Oh man, you already know this is just a beautiful boxing event. Uh, Amazon Prime, Thurman versus Fendor, March 28th, MGM Grand. This is just boxing, baby. This is history in the making. This is a fight you do not want to miss. potentially just one of the greatest uh matchups of the year uh early in the year, people. So, I think it's really exciting and this is going to set the bar for what's to come in 2026 in this division. A jam-packed division. Lots of belts have been exchanged. Uh Xander Ziath unified. Josh Kelly just became world champion. So, there's a lot of excitement in this division and there's a lot of excitement coming very soon. Thank you to all my fans. Don't forget, go out there if you a Thurman supporter, go ahead and get your Timber shirts, people. Go get your Timber shirts. Keith one uh one time Thurman on Instagram. The links in the bio. And just support this event, man. I can't wait to see you guys in Vegas. I'm going to be training hard in preparation, man. Thank you for having me today. &gt;&gt; Keith, have a great one. We'll see you in Las Vegas. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Keith, one time Thurman, thank you so much to the media and our outstanding PR team and PBC staff. Have a great one, everyone. We'll see you in the fighting capital of the world. Good night.