Kind: captions Language: en [Applause] We welcome the challenger. I just want to add the loss of George Foreman just hits different. Proof that redemption is always possible in life. Everything under the letters and above is going to be good. Everything white letters underneath here is up is good. Guys got my instructions in the back. Protect yourselves at all times. Listen to my commands. Touch them up. Back your corner. Gentlemen was overwhelmed by Emma Williams. You ready? But that was then. This is now. What will we see out of Fendor in the early going? Immediately the jab out tactical start to the fight. Booker and Fendor, both lefties. There's a right hook, a lead right hook by Booker. And of course, we saw Zoo land the right hand last March against Fondora early in the fight. He seemed to land it at will early on against and we've seen Fendor a walking exclamation point. Who would hope to end this evening with an exclamation point? We are two rounds of our championship fight in Las Vegas. Right there. If Booker is unable to hurt Fura, he's going to have to outwork him. He's going to have to work behind that jab. Throw combinations like he's doing right here. Yeah. Be first. He's got to take that jab away from Fendor. He's got to work his way inside. Stay in there. Body shots, uppercuts, and then turn. This is the most active output we've seen so far from Booker. definitely does not want to be on the ropes as Fedora is literally punching down at him with that big left hand. Let him go. Yes, you're right. I agree with you. Let's go. And Booker getting tagged here. Agnar at will and Fondor looking to put the pressure on. Land those shots and like I said, just step to the side, not going backwards. Minute gone here in the fourth in round three. Fondora threw 104 punches, the highest since he threw 104 against Jorge Kota six fights ago. So even more offense from Sebastian Fendor. Now going to the body, chopping away at Booker. Booker bleeding from the nose once again as the uppercut continues from. Oh, double uppercut on the inside. Booker picking up Booker's heart. Trying to hold the left and he goes down here in range. Four, five, six, seven, eight. Step to the side for me. And giving Sebastian Fendor another impressive win. Another impressive win for Sebastian Fendor. And he wants Booker Jake from the towering inferno. Fendor looking to burn the house down here in Las Vegas. That's the second time has been down in his career. The first time was a bad loss and it's over. Sebastian Fedora takes care of business. He defends the unified 154 lb title for the first time. And he does it by closing the show in the fourth round. Closing the book. One of the keys for Fendor being volume breaks rhythm. And the volume over a 100 punches thrown through the three rounds into the towering inferno Sebastian Funa. [Applause]