Kind: captions Language: en Keith one-time Thurman is a legend in the ring, but world champ Sebastian Fondura is towering above the competition. Can Thurman win a major world title one more time? Fura versus Thurman. Saturday, March 28th, live on PBC on pay-per-view on Prime Video. &gt;&gt; Afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us as Premier Boxing Champions presents our virtual press conference here on Saturday, March 28th. WBC super welterweight world champion Sebastian the Towering Inferno Fundora will look to continue his 154 pound world title reign as he takes on the former unified world champion Keith one-time Thurman in an explosive clash that headlines a PBC pay-per-view event on Prime Video from the MGM Grand Garden Arena in the fight capital of the world, Las Vegas, Nevada. Today, we'll be hearing from the fighters that will also be a part of the exciting pay-per-view card with the action beginning at 8:00 p.m. Eastern time, 5:00 p.m. Pacific. Our co-main event features top heavyweight contender Frank the Cuban Flash Sanchez as he battles the unbeaten US Olympic silver medalist Richard Torres Jr. in an IBF heavyweight title final eliminator. And then undefeated top-rated middleweight contender Yoenley Hernandez duels the battle tested US Olympian Terrell Gashet in a 10 round showdown. And then we'll open up our pay-per-view card with the exciting rising star Elijah Garcia as he takes on the veteran super middleweight contender Kevin Newman in a 10 round opening bout. Tickets are on sale now through axs.com. Tickets are on sale now. So, feel free to purchase those as well. In addition, if you are unable to be there in person, you are able to purchase the pay-per-view on Prime Video regardless of your Amazon Prime membership. Fans will be able to continue to access the telecast through traditional cable and satellite outlets, as well as ppv.com. The event, of course, is promoted by TGB Promotions and Samson Boxing. and our co-made event is promoted in association with Top Rank Boxing. The event is sponsored by DraftKings Sportsbook. The crown is yours. Now, ladies and gentlemen, it's time to meet some of the fighters that will be on the pay-per-view card on March 28th as we'll bring on first a man that will be opening up the pay-per-view portion of the card. Coming in with a record of 18 victories, three defeats, one by draw with 11 wins coming by KO. Originally from Los Angeles, California, now fighting out of Las Vegas. He's entering this fight on huge momentum on a seven bout win streak, including two victories in 2025 over Alan Kempa and Malcolm Jones. Please help me welcome Kevin Newman. &gt;&gt; Welcome in, Kevin. Great, great to have you here. Uh opening comments, opening thoughts as you get prepared for March 28th. &gt;&gt; Um you know, I want to first say uh thank you to Al Heyman, um Tom Brown, um Louis to Cuba, PBC, TGB Promotions, and um and Prime Video, you know, for this opportunity. Um you know, I'm looking forward to a a great fight and um put on a great performance. &gt;&gt; Well, thank you so much, Kevin. We'll get back to you in just a second as we bring on your opponent who has been an exciting young star rising at 17 and one with 13 wins by knockout. He is a 22year-old native of Phoenix, Arizona. Is making his debut at super middleweight after a run at middleweight. That also includes what is now a victory over the current WBA super middleweight world champion Armando Recendes. Please help me welcome in Elijah Garcia. &gt;&gt; Hey, how's it going? Uh, you know, I'm excited to be back on a big stage. You know, I'm fighting Kevin Newman. Kevin is very experienced. Uh, he's been around and I'm ready to put on a great performance. I'm back training with my dad in Phoenix and I'm excited to get back in the ring after &gt;&gt; We'll kick things off with you guys. You guys are opening up the bout. I'll start with you first, Elijah. you have, you know, had what is pretty much a very uh active career for only being 22 years of age. Um, and you have had a lot come and thrown at you. You've had a lot of the hype around you. You suffered a setback, but were able to bounce back with the win over Terrell Gay, who's also on this card. What have you learned having taken in so much so early on in your career? Uh, you got to stay active, you know. That's one. Uh, I fought twice in the last two years, you know what I mean? So, you got to stay active. Uh, I've had a lot of I don't know. I've had tough fights. You know, I'm only 22, about to be 23. And, uh, I got a lot of experience under my belt. And one thing I've always learned is can never underestimate your opponents. And you got to stay ready 247. So, you know, coming into this fight with my dad as my head coach again, uh, I know what I'm up against. Kevin Newman, he's tough. He's experienced. He's crafty. And to be honest, I'll be honest with you. I don't think I've ever fought anybody like Kevin. Uh he's he's different. He you know, I feel like, you know, he he has a lot of experience. He's been here, you know what I mean? So, uh I'm out there. I'm just going to do do what I do best, fight my fight, and uh you know, hopefully everything goes my way. &gt;&gt; I will turn it over to you, Kevin. um coming in to this fight. Uh great opportunity for you. You just heard Elijah say he gave you some compliments here. Said that you know you're different. You're unlike any guys that he has faced in his career. What do you think sets you apart from what he has faced previously? &gt;&gt; Um you know just uh I think a little bit of everything man you know um you know all respects to you know Terrell and um and some of the other guys that Elijah has fought. You know I think I bring a little bit of uh some different things to the table man. you know um some skill set, you know, speed, power, you know, reflex. I got a high IQ, you know, I've been around the game for a long time, man. And um soaked soaked up a lot of game and I'm always in the gym, man. I'm always learning. I'm always adding to my game, you know what I'm saying? So, I don't think it's just one thing, but um you know, appreciate him for giving me that respect and just like, you know, I give him the same respect. He's a young, hungry, strong kid, you know, um you know, trying to trying to make a mark in the game and um so I respect him, man. I'm looking forward to a great fight. &gt;&gt; Now, back to you, Elijah. You obviously have competed at 160 pounds your last few bouts and now you're taking a step up to super middleweight. What prompted that change for you and your team to go from 160 to 168? &gt;&gt; I've been fighting on 160 since I was 17 years old. I'm about to be 23. You know what I mean? Uh I missed weight and I lost against Kiron Davis. Uh and then I was in camp with Bob for about eight months and it was so hard to make weight. You know what I mean? Um 160 I grew out of it. You know, there's not much there's not much to say. I grew out of it. I fighted it for a long time. Um I think it's just time to move up. You know, my last performance wasn't the best and uh you know, got to move up and wait now. Um and I think 168's going to be a new challenge. you know, definitely bigger opponents, but you know, I'm always up for the challenge and I've never I've never really backed down from one, you know what I mean? &gt;&gt; And now, uh, back to you, Kevin. You know, one more question before we turn things over to the media here for both of you. Uh, you are coming in on a high. Seven straight victories. What's been working so well? What have you figured out in your last seven fights that has uh put you on this uh winning streak? Um, I mean it's it's a lot of different things, man. Um, obviously just, you know, um, being more focused, man. You know, not letting outside distractions get in the way of what's truly important, you know, and, um, locking in with Roy Jones. Me and him have been working together since 2020. Um, I mean, we've been on a on a on a hell of a win streak, you know, we put on some some good performances, been a lot of learning, a lot of adding to my game, but um, you know, we work and mesh real well together. You know what I'm saying? There's only one Roy Jones Jr., But if you can have a legend like that, you know, giving you game and giving you advice, you know, you got to learn and take them them jewels from guys like that, man. And I mean, I just feel like I'm more of a complete fighter um than I was back in in 2020. So, you know, um but just just the main thing, man, is just the mindset, man. It's just is just dominating and and and going out there and putting it all on the line, man. So, um I feel like I'm in a in a in a great headsp space and um I'm just looking forward to the fight March 28th. Well, I know we are very much looking forward to it. So, now let's open it up uh to our media members. Media members that are on this call. If you could please just raise your hand and Andrew will do his best to get uh to all of your questions. So, this is now your time to ask questions to Kevin and Elijah. Uh Andrew, take it away. &gt;&gt; Thanks very much, Miguel. Our first media questions today are going to come from James Bell with the Boxing Source. James, if you could please unmute yourself, you can ask your question. All right, thanks Andrew. One question for each. First for Elijah, uh you know, going off of your uh fight there against Terrell Gar last year. Um what could what did you learn from that particular fight? And did that prompt the change to, you know, be back with your dad as your head trainer? &gt;&gt; Uh you know, I had to do what I had to do. I had to go out there to Vegas. I had to go out there and I had to train with, you know, I give Bob, you know, he got me in great shape. It's just, you know, wasn't my style. Uh, I learned a lot of things, you know, training, fighting Guushe. Gosh, he's experienced, you know what I mean? He, you know, he's only lost to world champions. And, you know, we had a tough fight, a close fight. And you, you learn a lot, you know, taking those tough fights. You know, you look at my look at my past opponents, you know, I can't name, you know, the last five, six opponents, they've all been tough. I can't name not one easy fight. You know what I mean? And, you know, that's just all experience. that's, you know, that's that's what's going to take me to, you know, the world title when it's when it's time. And, um, I don't know, you know, my dad is my head coach. That's always been the plan. And, you know, sometimes you got to do what you got to do. And after that fight, obviously, uh, you know, my dad's my head coach for a reason. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. And this question here for Kevin Newman. uh you know given that you're you know based there in the Vegas area, but this is you know going to be the first fight here that's that you'll be on that's on pay-per-view. So uh how would you react to being part of this big stage here going up against Elijah Garcia? &gt;&gt; Man, you know, I'm just thankful, man, and blessed for the opportunity. Um I uh I turned turned professional, you know, here in um in Las Vegas at the MGM Grand uh when I was signed with with Floyd and made a promotions, man. And it's it's it's cool. It's cool to be back, man, on a on a um on a on a big stage, man, against a young, strong, hungry kid. You know, I'm I'm just looking forward to it, man. You know, I'm looking forward to it. I can't wait. &gt;&gt; All right. Thanks very much for those questions, James. Our next media question is going to come from Matthew Brown with Brunch Boxing. Uh Matthew, please unmute yourself. You can ask your question. &gt;&gt; How you doing? Uh I got a question for both guys. Uh first with with Kevin, you know, obviously you say you've been working with Roy Jones uh since 2020. Um, you've guys worked on a lot of things. You've learned a lot from him. Um, what could you say is like the the most important thing that you've learned from him, especially with um with in terms of your fight game? &gt;&gt; Um, I mean, that's a good question, man. Um, just just the the the mindset, man, and in and and in and how to how to win. You understand what I'm saying? How to dominate, how to win. You know, if you remember Roy in his prime, I mean, he was a very dominant fighter. He barely lost a round. And I think just that part of it was was missing. You know, of course we have trainers and we have things like that, people that are teaching us things, but you know, knowing how to win and and consistently just win every second of every round or dominate every second of every round, which is very tough, you know, um, in certain cases, but the mentality, man, is is is the main thing, you know what I'm saying? Of course, adding adding other little nuances and and tricks to my game, man. So, I mean, it's it's it's dope, man. It's dope for sure. &gt;&gt; All right. Appreciate you, man. Best of luck. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Um Elijah, you know, I wanted to go back to uh the the change in the training. I know you said that it it wasn't your style. Like what what exactly in your estimation was the bad fit that made you feel like, hey, we need to make a change uh in order for it to move forward. &gt;&gt; Are you talking about after &gt;&gt; from going back to your dad? Uh, you know, it was just me and my dad are, you know, we're pretty much like the same person, you know what I mean? He could tell me something without even really telling me something, you know what I mean? We have a connection and uh it's me and Bob had a great connection, but you know, it's just we do things differently, you know what I mean? And um it's kind of it's kind of hard, you know. My dad trained my whole career and then in order to go, you know, train with somebody else, you know, especially for, you know, someone like Guushe, you know, that shit's not easy. Guit's tough, you know what I mean? And it's just maybe I need more time with Bob. Um I don't know. Uh I'm not going to risk it again. You know, obviously that wasn't wasn't my best performance. So, I've had great performances with my dad before. As long as I make the weight, everything's going to go smooth and you know what I mean? That's that's the main thing we're worried about. You know, March 28th, making the weight and making the fight easy. &gt;&gt; All right, perfect. Thank you for those questions, Matthew. Our next media question is going to come from Elias Bono with Split Decision Boxing. Elias, please unmute yourself. You can ask your question. &gt;&gt; All right, thanks Andrew. First question is for Elijah. Eliza, you mentioned, you know, you fought only twice in the last two years and talked about the struggle of making 160 pounds. Do you feel like that struggle to make middleweight is the reason why you were kind of inactive? And now with this jump to 168, are you going to see uh yourself fighting three, four times again? &gt;&gt; No, I feel like, you know, I was I was inactive. You know, when you lose a fight, you know, it's kind of, you know, it sets you back. It really does. It sets you back. So, and then on top of it, uh I was, you know, I was supposed to I was supposed to fight, you know, but it was hard to get fight dates. And then when I finally get the fight date, um you know, it was still tough to make the weight. Shit's not easy, you know, being I'm a big dude naturally, you know what I mean? And it is what it is. Um but I'm sorry, what was your what was your second question? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Do you um see yourself now that you're at 168 fighting three, four times a year again? Uh yeah, that's the plan. You know, we got a we got a plan. Me and my team have a plan and written up, you know, we gota obviously I'm not looking forward, you know, because I got I got a lot of I got a lot on my plate with Kevin, but you know, that's the plan. You know, once we get past this fight, you know, it's time to move on and move next. You know, I I've had tough fights already. You know, I've I've beat good guys already. And uh you know, we know that I'm proven and we know what I'm capable of. It's just uh you know, getting there. You know, that's that's the hard part. So, you know, like I said, I got a lot on my plate. Gotta deal with Kevin first and then, you know, hopefully down the line, you know, you guys see me again two or three times later on this year? &gt;&gt; Absolutely. And for Kevin, you're entering the 12th year of your pro career. You know, it seems like it's the best run, seven win streak. Does a win over Garcia put you in position to fight these a top 15, top 10 guy or even a title eliminator? &gt;&gt; You know, absolutely, man. I mean, this, you know, this this kid is a is is a good fighter, you Um, take make no mistake about it, you know. Um, but I feel like, you know, yes, like he's my main focus, you know. Um, I'm not looking past him, you know. Do I want to fight, you know, the other top guys in the division? Absolutely. I mean, I've been calling guys for a minute, you know, but it's just about getting and putting yourself in position, you know. So, but nothing nothing uh I don't look I don't look past this this guy. This is a this is a tough young, hungry kid, you know. So, um, you know, my main focus focus is him and then everything that comes after that is is is what it is. &gt;&gt; All right, perfect. Thank you for those questions, Elias. We have time for one more set of questions for this pair. Uh, next up we have Jim Conland for RCB Radio Sport in Ireland. Jim, please unmute yourself. You can ask your question. &gt;&gt; Okay, one question for each fighter. Uh, Elijah, if I can start off by asking you, at 160, you carried an awful lot of knockout power. 13 knockouts uh in 17 fights. Stepping up now to 168. It's a new challenge for you. Do you think you're going to carry that same knockout power or do you have to adapt your game? &gt;&gt; No, that's that's not going to be a problem. Uh you know, I think, you know, when I have to lose weight, you know, makes, you know, when when you have to make 160 and you're killing stuff to make 160, it's obviously way harder to be stronger in that ring. But, you know, um, moving up to 68, I don't think that's gonna be a problem. I'm naturally a bigger guy and, uh, I think 68 is going to suit me a lot better. So, carrying that pro, carrying that power is not going to be, uh, a problem. &gt;&gt; Okay. And my question for Kevin, Kevin, you talk about the impact of Roy Jones Jr. coming in in 2020, but what was it for you, the first thing Roy said, we're going to press the reset button now. we're going to strip everything bare, strip you down to the bone, and we're going to sort of build you up again. Was that the sort of process that Ry had when he you first met him &gt;&gt; to a degree? You know, I mean, he didn't take everything, you know, that made me away from me away, you know. Um, you know, I was I was trained by the Mayweathers as a as a young, you know, a young kid, you know. He didn't take all that away. He just all he did was just add it add things, you um he took some of the the things that I was doing wrong away and um you know just showing me certain things but for the most part he's just built on top of what was already there and um and and and the mental aspect you know so uh with Roy we have a great connection he's like a father to me um you know he's been there in some of my toughest moments in life not only in boxing but outside the ring so we have a we have a great connection and we we see things very much so the same in in in a sense in the terms of boxing so we just we just work and mesh really All right, perfect. Thank you for those questions, Jim. And thank you to both Kevin and Elijah for joining us here. I'm going to throw throw things back to Miguel to get closing comments from y'all. And we can move on to our next pair of fighters. &gt;&gt; Thanks so much, Andrew, Kevin, Elijah. Uh thank you guys for joining us on uh this virtual presser. And uh real quick before we let you guys go, I'll start with you, Kevin. March 28th, this is your opportunity to throw your hat into the ring in the super middleweight division. A lot of top names in that division. What can fans expect from you March 28th? &gt;&gt; Um, you know, they could expect they could expect fireworks, man. I I think this our styles, we have a the makings of a of a great fight, you know, but you can expect me, you know, to go out there, put on a dominant performance, man, and and at the end of the night, you know, have my hand raised. &gt;&gt; Thank you so much, Kevin. And now to you, Elijah. March 28th, pretty much similar sentiment. This is your first bout at super middleweight. You're excited. You talked about how you're, you know, coming into this division now. You've had a lot of momentum, a lot of hype around your name. What's going to be the message to not only Kevin, but the other super middleweights in the division come uh March 28th? &gt;&gt; March 28th. I feel like it's around the corner. I've been here before. I'm excited to get back in the ring after your layoff. Uh, I know Kevin spent a lot of time with Roy and uh, you know, a hard fight ain't nothing new to me. You know what I mean? And like I said, you know, Kevin hung out with Roy and uh, I know Roy will understand this, but you know, I'm meant for gaff. That's that's what I'm born for. So when I go in the ring, you know, I'm meant for gaff. That's me. And I'm game and I'm there and I'm I'm I'm laid down every single time. You know what I mean? I'm 22, 23 years old and I've I've proven myself and you know I still got to you know there's still a lot to prove and you know I'm I'm here. I'm I'm going to take it all. You know what I mean? &gt;&gt; Thank you so much Elijah. Thank you Kevin for joining us on this call and we look forward to seeing you guys fight week uh as we gear up and get closer to March 28th. Thanks so much gentlemen. &gt;&gt; Thank you guys. &gt;&gt; All right. Now, we will continue on with our fight card for March 28th. As we move on to what's going to be our next bout, an exciting matchup as I bring on first a man coming in with 24 victories with 12 by knockout, five defeats, and one draw. Born in Cleveland, Ohio, but now fights out of Enino, California, where he is trained by the renowned Manny Robles. He is a man that has faced so many world champions on his resume throughout his career. Arislani Lara, Tim Zoo, Ericson Luben, Austin Trout to name a few. Uh, please help me welcome Terrell Gay. &gt;&gt; Hey, how you doing? &gt;&gt; Welcome in Terrell. March 28th, you are back at it with another opportunity in front of you to give a man his very first defeat. What are your thoughts as you head into the matchup uh in a little over a month? &gt;&gt; Um yeah, I'm excited, you know, to be on another big card and um just to be able to showcase my talent on a on a nice card like that against a guy like Yan Lee. He's a tough fighter. I've been watching him and um I'm ready to ready to do what I got to do. &gt;&gt; All right, we'll get to you in just a second. Thanks so much, Terrell. As we go to your opponent coming in undefeated, nine victories, eight of those coming by knockout, ranked number one by the WBA, number two by the WBC, and number three by the WBO at the middleweight division. He is a sensational Cuban amateur from Kabaguay Kuba. He's most recently added three victories in 2025, including a unanimous shutout victory over Chyon Davis last May. Please help me welcome Yoenley Hernandez. &gt;&gt; Okay. Uh we're excited for this fight, God willing. If we can make it happen, then it's going to be super exciting and and a great boost to my career. I can't wait. &gt;&gt; All right. Thank you, Martin Batar with Translation uh with Yoni Hernandez. And now I'll start with you, Yon Lee. You have been ascending in your career the last few years. How close do you believe you are to a world title opportunity? &gt;&gt; I'm sorry. Um, can you repeat that one more time? It's hard to hear. &gt;&gt; Oh, sorry. That was to a question for Yoenley. We were starting with him and I'll get to you Terrell. But, um, go ahead Martin. &gt;&gt; Sorry. Can Sorry. Can you repeat the question? I thought it was for Terrell. &gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. Yoy, so you have been ascending in your career um undefeated pretty much dominating opponents in front of you. How close do you believe you are to being uh a world title opportunity and being the best in the division? Uh, look, every fight is vital to me because like you said, it's it's very much an ascending trajectory for me uh I want to go after the best. I want to go after the champions in my quest to earn that title. &gt;&gt; For you, Terrell, as we've talked about, you you've seen you've already studied uh Yoen Lee. You have looked and seen what he has been able to do in his career at 9 and0 with eight of those by knockout. None of his fights have really been close. How do you change up that momentum and what is going to be different come uh March 28th when he steps in the ring with you? &gt;&gt; Um yeah, I know he he's uh had nine fights, eight knockouts. He's a big puncher, but um he hasn't fought me yet, you know what I mean? And I'm just going to be myself. Uh do what I do, give people problems. Uh you know, I fought everyone, seen every style, and I'm just ready to do what I do and just be myself. Now back to you, Yoan Lee, as you are taking on probably your toughest opponent to date. This is a man that has faced world champions um throughout his career, never been finished. He has been tested and proven against as as a very tough opponent. What's this matchup on March 28th going to showcase to all the other champions and contenders out there in the middle eight division when you face Terrell Gay? forchech. Uh the the main thing for me is to really feel good about myself and to give the fans the show that they deserve. I'm well aware of what represents the veteran that he is. But I'm up to go against anybody any time because my goal is to make it to the top. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Martin. And now uh we'll open it up to uh Q&amp;A with the media members. So feel free once again raise your hand and Andrew will uh get to all of your questions for Terrell and Yanley. Take it away, Andrew. &gt;&gt; All right. Thanks very much, Miguel. Our first media question is going to come from James Bell with the Boxing Source. James, please unmute yourself. You can ask your question. &gt;&gt; All right. Thank you. Uh one question for each. First for Terrell. uh given your experience there, you know, against either former world champions or current world champions and you know, your recent fight against Elijah Garcia, uh do you think that that particular experience is going to be a factor against Hernandez who will only have like 10 fights uh going into March 28th? Um, yeah. I mean, my experience gonna play a part in the fight for sure, but, uh, by him only having nine fights, uh, it don't really make a difference because he's experienced too, extensive amateur background. And, um, we're not going to take away from what he do in the ring. But, um, he, you know, he up against me now and I've just got to do what I do and be myself. He's just another man like me with two hands. So, you know, it's nothing I never seen before. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. And this question here for Yuenley. Uh given that you've risen in the ranks very quickly here in the middleweight division, um how important was it for you to, you know, not only get the fight against Chiron Davis last May, but also uh the fight against Ramon Dea Cruz in October over in the Miami area to get prepared for fights like this. Fore speech. Uh, look, I'm not one that really concerns himself with records or how much experience my opponent has. Like I said, I focus on myself. But I will say that Karan Davis was an excellent test. Somebody that had fought Benabid before and had had outstanding fights in his resume. So, you know, that helped me really get going. And then it was a quality fight, but I'm focused on March 28th now. And I know that I'm going to really be the best version of myself. So, I'm going to put on a show and I can't wait because everything I've done before has led up to this moment. &gt;&gt; All right, perfect. Thank you for those questions, James. Our next media questions are going to come from Elias Aad with Univision San Diego. &gt;&gt; Hi, guys. My question. Fore. Uh the question from Elias was first of all what's your game plan for uh coming out on top on March 28th and do you hope that the Cuban fans are going to come out to support you? Uh you only said that of course I hope that the Cuban community comes out and shows me their love and you know like in social media actually people uh refer to me as the last Cuban standing in a way. So, I'm here to prove that I'm not only that, but I'm the champion. And I don't care about who's standing in my way. I'm going to go out there and I'm going to demolish everybody that's in my way because I'm the champion. I want the throne. And whoever tries to dethrone me after that, it's going to be it's going to be someone that I just have to take out of my way. No, as far as the strategy goes, uh, I listen to my corner first and foremost. I'm not someone that really uh like goes out and studies the opponent on film or anything like that. I fully trust in my corner and I know that whenever I work in tandem with them, we have the results that we want. So, we're really confident. Gracias. &gt;&gt; All right, perfect. Thank you for those questions, Leas. Our next media question is going to come from Matthew Brown with Brunch Boxing. Matthew, please unmute yourself. You can ask your question. Okay, thank you so much. Uh, my first question is Terrell. Um, so Terrell, in your last fight, you know, I I personally thought that you looked uh better than you looked in a while. I thought you were unlucky to not get the decision against Elijah Garcia. I know you said that you just got to be yourself, but being yourself, you know, even though you might have won that fight, the judge didn't give it to you. You don't think that there's anything that you may need to do differently? uh in this fight to not leave it in the hands of the judges or leave no doubt. &gt;&gt; Uh so yeah, in that fight I felt that I felt as though I won that fight as well. But um like I said, you know, I gota it's nothing that I have to do different as far as uh I just got to be myself and let my hands go. Like you seen that last fight, I was uh more active than I've been before. I'm getting better and um you know just more dominant. So like I'm just trying not trying to leave stuff in the judge's hands. So we'll see how it play out. But I'mma give it my all and I've been training hard for for a fight like this. &gt;&gt; All right. Thank you, man. Best of luck. Uh Yoiola. Uh the question was very very good Spanish by the way that which champion would you like to face and you only said that he's up to fight absolutely anybody bring on all the champions because the goal is to show that I'm number one in the division. All right, perfect. Thank you very much for those questions. Our last media questions for Terrell and Yani are going to come from Caesar Seda with Bako Romano Network. Caesar, please unmute yourself and ask a question. &gt;&gt; Joani, I have a question for both Andrew, but I'm gonna begin with Jo. David. Victoria. Uh the question from Cesar was this is a risky fight. So what do you hope to accomplish and which message do you want to send to the 100 division? And Yan Le Yan Leu was like, "Look, I'm going to I'm going to just show the world that Yoyo, the devil, is here to stay and I'm going to I'm going to prevail. I'm going to win in style. Social media then is going to be on fire and you're going to see that Joani is here to stay and for a long long time. So, the division better be aware because I'm coming." &gt;&gt; Darl, how you doing? Hey, h I got a a big questions for you. Social media on the Caribbean side is is expecting this fight very much. It's a great challenge for Joan Lee. What are your expectations from this fight? You think it's only only experience is going to be a a a matter or do you think that a a age and everything is going to count on this one? Um, it's just it's just another for me. It's just another fight, you know, like this guy this guy's a tough tough guy. &gt;&gt; I like to face I don't want to face um &gt;&gt; 30, &gt;&gt; you know, mediocre mediocre opposition. I've been watching him. I know he bring bring the um fight. I like fights like that to bring out the best in me. And um &gt;&gt; I'm looking to put on a good show for the fans. I'm looking to put my name out there and let them know that I'm also here to stay because uh I've had some bad decisions. I've, you know, got some some uh rough rough uh shakes, but I'm going to turn it around March 28th. &gt;&gt; All right, perfect. Thank you for those questions and thank you to uh to both Terrell and Yanley for your time and joining us today. Uh, with that I'm going to turn it back over to Miguel to wrap things up with this pair of fighters and then we'll close it out with our coain. &gt;&gt; Great. Thank you, Andrew. Terrell Yoenley, thank you so much for joining us here on our call. Uh, first Terrell, closing comments. You are used to the underdog role. You've talked about it. March 28th taking on an undefeated fighter in Yonley Hernandez. What happens? Um, I'm just gonna go out there, be myself, uh, like always, be victorious because this a good fight. You know, he's ranked up there high, so this can put me right there for another title shot and, um, I'm capitalizing on that and I'm ready. Uh, as far as the underdog role, I don't mind that because I've been an underdog my whole life. Coming from where I come from, it's a blessing I'm here right now and um, I'm just ready for everything. &gt;&gt; All right, thank you so much. And now to your opponent, Yoen Lee, you are undefeated. This is a huge stage for you at this point in your career. You're extremely close to a potential world title opportunity. What can fans expect from El Diablo on March 28th? You can expect sorry about that. You can expect a victory and God willing it doesn't go past the eighth round. I'm not about to leave this in the hands of the judges. &gt;&gt; Right. Thank you so much, Yanley. Thank you, Terrell. We look forward to seeing you all fight week as we gear up to March 28th. Thank you so much, gentlemen. &gt;&gt; Thank you. Thank you. &gt;&gt; All right. Now, we continue on as we now move to our co-main events on March 28th. This is a fight many fans are excited about and of course, it takes place in the heavyweight division. First up, we will introduce a man that is undefeated, 14-0, 12 by knockout. A native of Tuleri, California, he has capped an impressive amateur career with an Olympic silver medal representing the US at the Tokyo Olympics and he has most recently stopped Thomas Select in round one last November. This man has a ton of momentum behind him. Please help me welcome Richard Torres Jr. &gt;&gt; Hi, how's it going? It's a pleasure to be here. I get to kind of cross over to the PBC area side and uh I'm excited to show everyone what I have. &gt;&gt; Awesome. Thank you, Richard. And we'll get to you in just a second as we bring on your opponent who is coming in 25 and one, 18 by knockout. He's born in Guantanamo, Kuba, now training in San Diego with the esteemed trainer Eddie Reoso. He is 33 years old, has worked his way up the rankings while winning his first 24 bouts, including the dominant unanimous decision victory over the then unbeaten FA Aagba. And his only loss came against in May 2024 in a fight against Agit Cabayel, where Sanchez injured his knee early in that bout, but he has since recovered from the injury and stopped Rammon Olivia Echeia last February. Please help me welcome the Cuban Flash, Frank Sanchez. Frank, welcome in. &gt;&gt; I'm very excited. I'm very happy about this fight. Glad to be here. &gt;&gt; All right. Thank you so much, Frank. And we'll start with you. This is, you know, a huge opportunity on a big stage in the heavyweight division. How can you be the first man to deliver the first defeat for the man across from you, Richard Torres? It's as simple as doing my job, following the advice from my corner, and doing what I'm supposed to do. &gt;&gt; And now over to you, Richard. you are taking a step up having been working towards this opportunity uh towards a world title opportunity. Would you say that this fight on March 28th will be your toughest to date? &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, I definitely believe this will be my toughest fight. You know, uh Frank Sanchez is a very good opponent. He's uh he's fast, he's strong, he has a lot of the qualities that uh that that stand out in the heavyweight division. And I think this is a great just spot and position for me to show off uh who I am as a fighter and and what I can accomplish in the heavyweight division as well. &gt;&gt; And now back over to you, Frank. You know, this is a world title eliminator and this would theoretically put you in line to challenge for a world title. What would it mean for you to become the first Cuban heavyweight champion? Frank Uh, it means a whole lot. It's a step that I've always wanted to take. So, what do we have to do? We have to go out there on March 28th and give our absolute best because then the doors open for for me to be able to give the Cuban people that reason to celebrate, that happiness that they need and for them to to know that they now have a heavyweight champion for the first time. &gt;&gt; Before we go back to Richard, thank you Martin. Before we go back to you, Richard, uh, since we have Eddie Reoso here on the call, Eddie, uh, how has camp been going for Frank, you know, he obviously suffered the defeat, um, but has since come back and obviously he had the knee injury in that fight. Um, what has changed for you guys during camp as as you prepare for this very difficult matchup against the undefeated uh, Richard Torres? Frankish. forch. Uh well, you know, we have an excellent team uh led by our, you know, like our conditioning team and also the nutritionists, everyone that really has chipped in to re to make this an outstanding training camp. Uh, let me tell you that Richard Torres is also an outstanding opponent, someone that's fast and disciplined, but I truly believe that Frank has what it takes to come out on top with his experience, his skills. Uh, this is an opportunity that we have been waiting for for a while and now we plan to really make the most of it. That's what we're here for on March 28th. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Martin. And one last question to you, Richard, before we turn it over to the media. um taking on this fight against Frank Sanchez. Um we've kind of the American heavyweight has kind of you know lacked over the last few years. The last world champion we had was Deontay Wilder here and we saw you know when there's an American heavyweight champion the people gravitate towards that. Do you feel like you're that next man up to take over that mantle as the next great American heavyweight? you know, I I'm I'm very proud of of where I come from and who I am. Uh and and I would love to be able to to kind of carry that on my shoulders. Uh I don't look at that though, you know. I don't really look for uh like being the poster child or or being the guy that has to carry the weight of the world and shoulders. Uh I'm just gonna go out there and fight, you know, and I'm I'm you know, I'm I'm I'm here. I'm ready and I'm excited to to to show all facets of of all my ethnicities and my nationalities, you know. &gt;&gt; Awesome. Well, thank you so much, Richard. And now we'll turn things over to the media once again. Raise your hand and Andrew will try to get to you. &gt;&gt; All right. Thanks very much, Miguel. Our first media questions for our coming are going to come from Manny Mendez with Paco Mundial. Manny, please unmute yourself and you can ask your questions. Frank Yingch. Wait, wait, wait, wait. Money, money, money, wait, wait, wait, wait. So let me translate this first so I don't lose track of the of the answers. Thank you. Uh so man's question was considering the the gap that there was between fights the injury how does the how do you think the inactivity and the ring ras may affect you against uh Torres and Frank was saying that you know he spent a lot of time in the gym that he doesn't expect to feel any rest or effects of inactivity at all and that he relies on his experience and the and the vast amount of fights that he has had through throughout his career in order to come out on top and also Uh, allow me to say that Richard was saying in Spanish earlier that he's proud of his Mexican heritage, that he carries Mexican blood with him, and that he's very, very happy to represent that side of himself as well. Frank, the second question was whether he Frank felt that the spiring sessions helped him for March 28 and Frank said that absolutely the sparing sessions have been great and they have helped him towards this fight. &gt;&gt; All right, perfect. Thank you for those questions, Manny. Our next media questions are going to come from Shaba Rodriguez with ESPN Knockout. Shaba, please unmute yourself. You can ask your questions. &gt;&gt; Hey, how are you everyone? Yeah, very much Frank. Frank Uh the question for Eddie was what it will mean to him to be coaching the first ever Cuban heavyweight champion. And Eddie was saying that it will it will mean a lot. It's definitely something that motivates both him, Frank, and the team. uh because it's been a it's been a long road that you know where you have to go through an eliminator and then obviously going towards the world title fight. Yes, there was a loss on the way to this goal but it hasn't made us any less determined. H it's a it's a stumble that we have recovered from and the goal for me is to really be able to maximize this opportunity with Frank to have him be the first Cuban champion and to proudly represent everything that he stands for inside and outside the ring. Okay. The question from Chaba was about what has changed for Frank from that fight in Saudi Arabia to now. And Frank was saying that the knee is fully healed and that he's also really fully focused on March 28. uh he has an outstanding team backing him up and with that mentality being really strong and the knee being well and him himself feeling strong uh he has everything that he needs in order to succeed against Richard Torres. Hi Richard, how are you champ? &gt;&gt; How's it going? &gt;&gt; Great. Thank you so much. We are so happy that you take the Mexican flag with you. Uh you just to have to learn to dance some banda. So be ready, be prepared. And what about Richard for this fight? What is going to be the difference between you and France Sanchez? You know that your fight rhythm is going to be the difference your your aggressive in the styles or what what is your difference for you in this fight? You know, I think I think the the biggest thing and the best thing I do is just just hone in on what makes Richard Torres Richard Torres. And yes, one of the big things that I have is my conditioning. Um, and I think that my conditioning is going to outlast almost any heavyweight that they have. I believe fullheartedly have the best condition in the game. and uh fight like being able to just stay consistent and follow the game plan and uh go out there. &gt;&gt; All right, perfect. Thank you for those questions, Shaba. Uh we'll try to get through at least a couple more here. Our next media questions are going to come from Matthew Brown with Brunch Boxing. Matthew, please unmute yourself. You can ask your questions. &gt;&gt; Thank you so much. Uh this question is for Richard. I I'm just curious because nobody seemed to want this fight against Frank Sanchez. What made you feel like you were ready for this challenge at this point in your career? &gt;&gt; I mean, that's the name of the game, though, isn't it? The challenge, you know? I I I don't want to sit here and and pick my fights. I don't want to sit here and uh and like try to figure out my way the top the easiest way. I want the hardest fights. I want to be the best. In order to be the best, you have to beat the best. I think Frank Sanchez is one of the better fighters in the division. You know, just showing a lot of his skill sets through the years. He's he's really proved himself and I want to be there and prove myself as well. A lot of people say that uh oh, Richard Torres has had hasn't had too many fights or Richard Torres hasn't established himself in the pro game. And I think that this is a uh the best way I could do so, you know, and I think some of the uh the things I did in the amateur division is going to be able to just my my things will show, you know, my my my qualities and my my traits will definitely show on a quality fighter like Fentress. &gt;&gt; All right. Thanks so much. Best of luck. Uh uh. Frank. Uh uh. like Heavyway. Uh the question from for for Frank was how frustrating has it been for him to be able to find an opponent that accepts fighting with him? And Frank was saying that it's a it's been a process. Uh I'm well aware of the fact that a lot of fighters don't want to go up against me. They consider me a dangerous opponent. Uh there were four or five uh potential opponents that could have happened and they said no. But I remained focused. I remained steadfast and now I'm ready to seize this chance against Richard Torres in order to make the most of it. &gt;&gt; All right. Perfect. Thank you for those questions, Matthew. Our next media questions are going to come from Elias with Univision San Diego. Elias, please unmute yourself. You can ask your question. Uhhuh. Okay. uh the question was how does Frank feel training under Renoso? Um, Frank says that it's been not just now, but we've been training for for a while now, and it's simply amazing to to train with Eddie and the entire team that treats me so they treat me so well. Eddie motivates me, pushes me to train as hard as I can uh in order to go after uh what I want. And I know that, you know, he he has my back and I feel really appreciative of everything that he does for me. Uh, and Mexie. Frank Kilo. So the question was about whether Frank has been able to let go of the Cuban rice and beans and perhaps embraced more of the Mexican rice and beans. And well, first of all, Frank said that the Cuban rice and beans are here to stay, but that he has enjoyed some really good tacos uh and mixing mixing that up with the Mexican rice as well. And as he was saying that there is no way that that he can convince Frank to leave the the Cuban rice rice and beans uh behind. That's a staple of of training camp, but that he truly is proud of him for having embraced the Mexican food as well. They're having a lot of fun with it. &gt;&gt; All right, thank you for that. Our last media questions for today are going to come from James Bell with the Boxing Source. James, please unmute yourself and you can ask your questions. All right, thanks Andrew. One question for both. First for Richard. Um, you know, given the momentum that you had from last year, you know, one fight against Guido Viello and then the one round stoppage there. Um, like how important was that to get those two fights in to set you up for this IBF world title eliminator? &gt;&gt; You know, I think the the fight set a precedent a little bit in um as far as like being ranked and stuff like that. Uh, and and I think it was a it was just a good year last year. You know, we had we had a main event and we were able to to showcase our our our style in Vegas and again in Mexico. Uh, and I'm just looking forward to to furthering that process. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. And a question for Frank. uh what was the thing that you worked on, you know, over the past year with coach Eddie Renoso, um as far as like recovering from the knee injury and at least, you know, having one fight in the uh interim and Eddie can also answer it possibly. Uh but what was the question like what what the focus was or what's what &gt;&gt; what was the one thing what was the one thing that he worked on the most in camp while you know coming from his uh previous fight that he uh lost and then was able to get back uh to you know have one fight to prepare for Franco. It really comes down to what we referenced in the beginning, the importance of staying disciplined, working with the nutritionist, working with the entire team that has my back uh in order to achieve our goals. That there is really no one thing. It's about everybody working together to achieve our goals. Eddie uh look uh as far as as far as goes like we're really focused, we're really happy. We're excited. And let me say that once again that Richard is a tremendous fighter and the fight the fans are going to want to miss this fight because it's going to be between two future world champions. &gt;&gt; All right, excellent. Thank you for those questions, James, and thank you to all the media that joined us today. Thank you to both Frank and Richard for your time. We really appreciate y'all's participation here. And with that, I'm going to throw things back to our host, Miguel Forest, to wrap things up. &gt;&gt; Thank you so much, Andrew, Richard, Frank. Thank you guys for joining us here on this call. Start with you first, Richard. March 28th, people love heavyweights. What are people going to see in our coming event? &gt;&gt; Thank you. I know. &gt;&gt; Sorry, Martine. I think that this question was for Richard. &gt;&gt; Oh, sorry. Byebye. &gt;&gt; No worries. Um, Richard, go ahead. I If you need me to repeat the question, I certainly can. &gt;&gt; No, that's fine. Uh, I think that this fight is going to showcase a Latin style heavyweights, you know, and that's something that's kind of new and it's something that has really been seen too much before. Uh, but you know, I got that Mexican style in me and I and I'm more than happy and willing to to showcase that that pressure and that that that that tenacity and that grind and that grit that that the uh Mexican style has to offer. And putting that against someone that's slick and uh and a boxer like like Frank Sanchez, I think will make for a really good uh test of styles. And I'm excited to to to throw my hand in the ring with that. &gt;&gt; Awesome. And now uh over to you, Frank. Uh, similar question. March 28th, both of you heavyweights are colliding. How do you predict it all going down? We're gonna win. We're motivated and we're going to come out with our hand raised. &gt;&gt; All right. Well, thank you, Richard. Thank you, Frank, for joining us. We look forward to seeing you fight week uh as we gear up towards March 28th from MGM Grand Garden Arena PBC pay-per-view event. It's Fondora against Thurman. as we want to thank all of our fighters and all the media members that joined us here on this call and we look forward to seeing everyone on fight week.