Kind: captions Language: en Ladies and gentlemen, a very good evening to you and we welcome you to the Michelob Ultra Arena here at the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino in Las Vegas, Nevada as Premier Boxing Champions presents PBC Championship Boxing on Prime. Brought to you by TGB Promotions, Samson Boxing, and Mayweather Promotions. And sponsored by DraftKings Sportsbook. The crown is yours. Well fans, our opening attraction features a middleweight special attraction. Introducing our three judges scoring from ringside from Nevada, Chris Miglori. From Connecticut, Dantrella, and from California, Zachary Young. Introducing our third man to the ring, the referee in charge of the action, we have Robert Hy. All right, fans, here we go. 10 rounds of boxing in the middleweight division. introducing to you first on my right, fighting out of the red corner tonight, wearing black trunks with red trim, hailing from Cleveland, Ohio. He weighed in at 160.2 lbs. His record 24 wins, four losses, and one draw with 12 of his wins coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, here is the respected 2012 US Olympian and the perennial top contender. Introducing Terrell Gosh [Music] and his opponent across the ring on my left fighting out of the blue corner entering the ring wearing black trunk silver trim fighting out of it representing his home of Wittman, Arizona. He weighed in at 159.6 lbs. His fine record stands at 16 wins, one loss, 13 wins coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the exciting and rising young middleweight contender. Introducing Elijah Garcia. Once again, our referee in charge now to give instructions, Robert Hy. [Music] Okay, we went over the rules in the dressing room. All punches on this belt line are good. All punches over here will be good. Obey my commands. is for Big George. Touch him up. Scoop back. The referee Robert Hoy assigned to oversee this middleweight matchup scheduled for 10 rounds. It's youth versus wisdom. Fire versus finesse. Garcia looking to bounce back from his first L with new trainer, the southpaw whisperer Bob Santos in his corner. The bell and round one. And despite being away from his family for 8 months here in Las Vegas for what he terms his first real training camp, you know that Garcia proud to represent the home 602 on the front of his trunks and he's a 6-footer with a 71 71 in wingspan. So Gosh does have the reach advantage even though Garcia has the height advantage and Garcia just 21 years of age. Abner, he has never been in the ring with anyone with the experience, with the cache of a two-time title challenger in Terrell Coschet. Definitely not. Never has. And I I I believe that's the reason why he also got Bob Santos. You know, that's an advantage to have someone as with the wisdom that Bob has in that corner to prepare him for this fight. And yes, you got to be wise. You got to be ready for a Gosh because he he's got a lot of tricks up his sleeve. And you know, he's always going to try to make you make mistakes and make you pay. Ryan, one thing Gosh said at 37, he was going to amplify his offense. We were going to see an uptick in his output. There's the jab, but here we are already a minute gone and he has landed a total of zero punches. Well, Gocha lands 11 punches per round less statistically than the middleweight division average. So, if you've followed Gocha's career, when he steps up, when he gets to the title level, sometimes it's that failure to to pull the trigger that is that has hurt him. Tonight, he said, as you mentioned, he's going to let it go cuz he said, "That's what the fans want." Oh, no. That's what we want. Yeah. Overanalysis can lead to paralysis. Abner, and he's fought though on the biggest fight just dropped Garcia. There's the missile on Q. A fearsome right hand that we've seen in the past. Sends Garcia down to the ground. Okay, that's the same punch he dropped Tim Zoo in the opening round of their match up a few years back. And it's not it's not about the volume in this fight. It's about the position, the right punches thrown in. That was the right right hand to a left-hander in Garcia. Garcia coming off his first loss. Now facing early adversity here in the first round as that right hand down the middle sending him crashing to the canvas. But Garcia bouncing back with some heavy leather to the body. The urgency is there. Garcia's got to get this round close. I mean it's it's a 108 round right now because of the knockdown. So Garcia has to press. You can see the blood flowing from the nose there of Garcia from these right hands as Gosha continues to score over the top with that lead punch. So just like Gosha did against Tim Zoo as Brian mentioned here in round one, he drops Elijah Garcia. But Garcia, I have to say guys, has bounced back impressively in the final minute of the round, putting together combinations, forging through the fire of adversity, and I'd say coming back incredibly strong. What a round. [Applause] Nice and calm. You're okay, Sailor. Hey, nice and calm. I don't know what the happened. No, don't worry about it. We're on to the next round. Hey, nice and calm. Stay alert. Hands high. Mid-range jab. Don't come blind. Head off the line. Just keep touching the body down. Okay, remember. Okay. And here we're going to see exactly the beautiful straight right hand from Gay. Precise, perfectly timed right in the nose, right in the chin of Garcia. Right when Garcia was about to let his hands go, he opened up the gap and Gay landed that beautiful right hand. Okay, take a deep breath. Garcia coming off his first loss. Now coming off his first ever knockdown. 21 years of age. Started as a pro at 16. Became a father for the first time at 16. Left the family farm in Arizona. had to grow up fast and was given the mandate that if you're not a champion by 21, you're going to have to get a real job and provide for your family. He's feeling the pressure, guys. He's 21, coming off a loss and now already behind the proverbial eight-ball drive. And look, this was that sort of referendum moment for him. New trainer, as you mentioned, the recent loss, the fight before that against Wresty got hit a lot more than we're expected, but you're seeing Garcia early in round two bringing the fight to go and he has to. I I like what they told him in the corner. Garcia Bantos nice and calm, but no, I think you got pressure. You got to be aggressive against Geek. You cannot give him a gap. You got cannot give him a space. Oh, that is a beautiful right uppercut on the inside for Garcia. He needs to cut the ring, own the pocket, break the body, break the will, and and engage in what we've seen him do, the controlled chaos. And now he's coming on strong here in the second round, backing up, who had to start fast and stay busy. Well, after saying he didn't land one punch, he landed the biggest punch of the fight. And then he has to make him miss, make him pay. And of course, Brian, it comes down to veteran timing over youthful pressure. Turn Garcia's eagerness into mistakes. No question about it. And has that Olympic pedigree to back him up. He didn't take a lot of damage even in losses as a pro. He's got strong defense. But when he does bring the fights to his opponent, it reminds me of that 2021 finish of Jamonte Clark in two rounds when he just walked through and go shake. He can carry a heavy hand once in a while with these accurate counter shots, especially when he throws punches. And uh he was 14 of 40 in the opening round compared to Garcia's nine of 46. Just over a minute left here in the second. And again, Garcia's thrown over 50 punches has landed more than Gocha. So if you were looking for a bounce back round for Garcia, we're getting it here in the second. Well, that's true. Notice Gocha is still ending that right hand at will and he just landed it on Q Brian and a left hook. And that's one thing, one thing Bob Santos told me was he wanted to get Garcia to do situational and directional changes. Move to his right more than his left. He's not taking the head off center line much tonight. And Gosh is making him pay big time. We talked about Garcia's defense. It's not the best. He gets hit a lot. Again, he's throwing a lot. He's trying to land punches. Bush's guard would definitely not landing Garcia Len clean punches and the clear punches are landing. Mark Gos. 23 seconds left in the second stanza scheduled for 10 in middleweight. Terrell Goset the 37year-old veteran scores a knockdown in the opening round with that straight right hand down the middle. Public enemy numero uno against Sala like Garcia. But it's a big bounceback round for Garcia. Though Gay still landing the more eye-catching shots. You're doing beautiful jab. Keep breaking them down to the body. Let's go. Crossroads clash. And whether it's a coming out party for Garcia or cold reality check, somebody's stock is going to change in this fight. Brian Campbell, there's no question about it. And you can look at the age of gocha at 37 all you want, but he said this week, this is the kind of fight that will let people know he's still here. He mentioned a lot of guys who came up with him are now retired. And as we can see tonight, Gocha, he still got it. In his last fight against Carlos Odamus, where he failed in a quest to become 160 lb belt holder. Gocha did not land double digit punches in any of the first six rounds. He's landed 14 and 18 in the first two frames tonight at Mars. Yeah. And again, I mean, uh, let's not forget when Gushet fought Tim Su, he did knock them down in the first league, second round, and then after that, he took some rounds off. I'm seeing that right now from Gay. He's got to be more active. I know it's uh it's not his fighting style, but at least try to landing cleaner punches in this round. Known for a slick, stylish, educated jab, but it's Garcia who's backing Gosh up now. And Gosh does not want to be along the ropes. Garcia continues to invest to the body, jabbing to the body. Total punches thus far, much more even as we see, but it's Garcia throwing more. We expected him to do that as uh despite Gocha's claims to upping his offense. He hasn't really thrown that much more, but again has landed more effective blows, including a knockdown in round one with a straight round. This is a good round so far for Garcia. It seems like he's taking a little bit off of his punches and really focused on just touching goce to get into a rhythm. Yep. Using the jab more effectively using an angle as well. And again, you see him going to his right like Bob Santos wanted him to do instead of where he would always go to his left. So, we are seeing directional change, but not a lot of movement off center line and still getting hit with the uppercut on the right from I was just about to say I'm seeing a little bit more head movement from Garcia, but you know, he ate that uppercut like you say. But I like that the aggression. I like the volume right now from Garcia and he's got to continue to do that. Open up that guard from Gosh. Final 60 seconds of the third and Gosh and Garcia. I don't know if Gosh wants to get into an exchange with Garcia, but he's landing some great uppercuts here. Brian Gocha is landing the the bigger punches of more consequence this round even though I like the the activity of Garcia early. Garcia's the hunter though now sitting down on those punches. Right hook to the body, right uppercut that just missed. Gocha those short right hands. Garcia 21. Gocha 16 years older nearly 200 rounds of professional boxing has fought at the highest level. Has been unable to enjoy the view from the summit. Was toppled from his opportunities to become belter. But he continues a consistent pace here now against the ropes. He's got to be careful. But that's exactly what he needed to do. Brian Oh, that another big uppercut. Yeah, [Music] wow. Garcia threw 96 punches in that round. Only 15. Excuse me. Those counters are there for you all night long. This guy's desperate. He's throwing just the throw. You get him to open up. You got to be able to counter, sir. Two, three punches in that step and turn. Yes. Look. Be careful. When he when he shoots that left, he leans over. He falls over. Set him up behind that jab. Make him throw the straight line. Take a step back and pick him up. It's there for you, son. Early success from Gay with the right hand. And right where the corner is telling him exactly the timing, the counter punching. There it is. Right hand, jab, jab. You got to set up the right hand with the jab. And he's doing it perfectly. Gosh, jab, right hand. And there there's the knockdown. Set it up with the jab. Let it go. Gosh knows the time is now or never. This isn't just about pride. It's survival at 160 and a final shot at relevance. And so far, he's fighting like someone who knows his career is on the line. This is round four scheduled for 10 in that last round. Garcia 15 of 96. Gocha 22 of 60. Gocha landing 44% of his power shots. through the first three rounds. So much better start than we anticipated from Gosh Abner. Yeah, really good start from him and even now look he's in command with the jab with the stick. He's having Garcia he's the counter in trouble coming in and exactly there on Q the right hand the timing from Gos and now setting a trap by going to the ropes. And one thing we can't we keep bringing it up but we can't overlook at the experience gap between them. Gocha has fought three times as many pro rounds as Garcia. He also fought five consecutive southpaws between 2017 and 2021. Some of those last names, Lara, Trout, Ruben. So, he's been in there, as we mentioned, with the top fighters in this division. Doing a good job of cutting off the ring though now and keeping Gosh coraled and actually busy changing up his punch placement. Doing a good job going upstairs, downstairs, changing levels. But Gosh still waiting to time the counter right hand. And and when we talked to Garcia, wow, just misses with the left. He admitted that after the loss, it was missed weight, bad corner of advice, bad decisions. He says that version of him, we will never see it again. His father said, "You know what? You need to go out and get a real camp under your belt." Bob Santos, we call him the Southpaw Whisperer because he's helped a lot of lefties make it to the promised land. He makes a real personal connection does Bob Santos with his fighters. You often see them bounce back or have their biggest night with him in the corner. Great round for Garcia though. Walking down. Gocha utilizing the jab very well. Painting up and down using the the the jab like a paintbrush after and going to the body diligently. That's what you got to do if you're Garcia. Here comes upstairs and finish to the body. But then right there, Gush, the experience, the timing, waiting for the right moment, the right opening. It almost seemed like the veteran wanted Garcia to punch himself up before he fired back with a fuselot of fury. He knows that Garcia is throwing a few punches that are not as powerful just setting up punches. So Gush is smart enough to throw in between those punches. Go also rolling out some veteran tricks pulling down the guard of Garcia with his left hand to open up room for that right cross. Interpretation whether that's legal or not. 30 seconds left here in the fourth frame, but it's a veteran tactic. That's a Bernard Hopkins. Veteran tactics were illegal, but he's still in the Hall of Fame. Shoulder shrugs. There's a timing by Gosh with the right hand. Continues to land it, but Garcia hands are low, but he's busy, but he has to be careful. His head is susceptible to a counter shot. And we've already seen him go down once in the first round. The first knockdown of his career. He's in for a fight here tonight against the veteran Terrell Gusher. Good. [Applause] The National Women's Soccer League. It's jaw-dropping. Record breaking. Her 19th goal. Unstoppable action. The NWSL is changing the game. Friday night all season long. It's on prime straight right hand understand that don't let him work. Follow me. Right. One, two. One, two. Repeat. I don't think to five times in a row. If it don't change, Manny Robas, the uh chief second for Terrell Gocha. And uh you know what, guys? This is what experience looks like as we hit number five scheduled for 10. Terrell Goset turning Garcia's aggression into opportunity and reminding the young man that this is a grown man's game. And is it reflected on Brian Campbell's unofficial scorecard? Boy, I It actually is. It actually is. Well, I did give round four there to Garcia who did well going to the body and met Gocha's activity. But Garcia is not going to have not only has to come back from that knockdown, he's got to make sure he moves his head because that right hand from Gocha is on point. So it's three rounds to one unofficially on Mr. Campbell's unofficial scorecard. But a a great start for the veteran Terrell Gocha and for Elijah Garcia at 21 forced to answer well Harvard blackboard type equations here. Those kinds of questions. Yeah. And right now for Garcia, it's not just about throwing punches, setting them up and really clean. Nice counter right hand again. The counter right of Goce has been the kryptonite for Garcia throughout this fight. It's it's a battering move again. Him using the ropes, knowing how to bounce from those ropes and landing the right hand. Speaking of Gush, Garcia curled the hook. Go's also taking advantage of how often Garcia drops his lead right hand while he's looking to throw both shots. Well, the southpaw's biggest enemy is proving to be a very problematic punch for Garcia. He is getting hit clean with those counter right hands by Gosha anytime he throws it. But Garcia has a beautiful curling right hook that gets around the guard of Gocha. Doesn't throw it off to now sitting down. Three punches. Those right hands were all money. Garcia continuing to go to the body of Gocha and that's opening up opportunities upstairs. Yeah, it's he lands good three shots Garcia but then he takes a step back and he creates he lets go get that distance right there. that jab and that's where Gocha is going to be able to counter. Garcia marching forward, throwing punches and bunches, changing levels. Oh, awkward right uppercut countered by Gocha stopping Garcia in his tracks and Garcia throwing more body shots, but throughout this now under a minute left in the first half of the fight, Gosh landing more body shots. We knew Garcia would come forward. He told us, "That's my style. It's the only style I know." The surprising part of this fight has been the willingness of Gocha to exchange. I will say Bob Santos said he's going to get him to move to the right. That's exactly what he's been doing throughout the fight. But again, I have to state not enough. He is getting hit flush with counter punches from Saltpot to the point. He's now squaring up. He's not even fighting Salt now. He did. You see what I'm saying? And he's putting it on Guushe when he does it. But again, the cleaner shots are landed by Gusher. Garcia overextending that right hand. Beautiful left uppercut. Chopping left hand by Gosh. We are seeing some extremely highlevel punches being thrown here by both Goset and Garcia. What a fight through five rounds here in the middleweight division to kick off PBC on Prime Video. [Music] [Applause] Don't worry about what the hell he's saying. He ain't the referee. You keep doing what you're doing, but don't come blind and don't follow him. Cut the ring off. Okay, you're doing great. You're starting to break him down. He's starting to feel it. Remember what we talked about. [Music] You're starting to break him down. Just stay alert. Okay. Don't worry about what the hell he's saying. He need the rest. Head off the line. doing great. [Music] Hey, just keep using your jab. Cut the ring. Okay, when you're ready, baby. [Music] So, Bob Santos telling his fighter, what? Yeah, he told me earlier this week and all of us that he wants him to use the jab to get inside, break gocha down. Wants he thinks that Garcia has better head movement that he gets credit for. [Music] Questionable, right, Ryan? Yeah, no question about that. And it's been that lead right hand of gohe for most of this fight. Even though visibly Garcia is showing you the pressure, he's going to the body. He's just too wide open for those big shots. Yeah. Center line, not directional changes, not going in on an angle. And I mean Gushe, you got to give it to me. He is the mo the most calculated fighter in this fight and that's why his those punches are landing so clean. So Terrell Cushet through the first five rounds of the fight is averaging well through the first three rounds was averaging 58 thrown per round. It's uh it's not the old Gocha, that's for sure. It's the it's the older Gocha. He is actually living up to what he told us he was going to do. But you said the right thing, Marl. He's using Garcia's aggression to his advantage, which is a veteran move. Really, really smart. That ring IQ on display. Now again, it's the ropes. A muted offense here to kick off the second half of the fight. Conditioning. Remember, Garcia had problems making weight in his last fight and a sluggish start here to round six. And Gocha not only has that experience advantage, how about that experience advantage going late in fights on top of that. So, we know he's fit. We know he's ready to go deep in this one. It's going to come down to whether Garcia can do what his trainer is already telling him he's doing. Break down fist in a boxing match. Not legal, but I see Elijah Garcia. There's a one, two. And so I are you in agreement, Abner, that we're starting to see Garcia slow down. Yeah. Yeah, we are. Even though right there he lands, but again, again, he lands two, three, and then he takes a step back and he's got to reset all over again. I do like not the best thing. Lead right hook by Garcia, but it's not a jab and he's not using the jab like Santos wanted him to use. Goes downstairs, Brian, but gets eats another counter upstairs. And now you're starting to see Garcia throwing one punch at a time while Gosh is countering with three, four, even five punch combinations. Nice combinations here. Double right hook by Elijah Garcia. Garcia's got to be careful because Duchch, he's alert. He knows what he's doing in that room. The ropes, he's waiting for the uppercut. He's landed it what, three times already on Garcia. You got to you got to set up the pace with the jab, Garcia. You got to take control of the rhythm. There. Beautiful four punch combination by the veteran Gocha. Composed against the ropes and using his offense now being aggressive on Garcia. Garcia eating these shots. Flut walking forward, hands down. Elijah Garcia walking through fire, but he is getting burned. [Music] [Applause] Let's go to Jordan Plant who earlier today coming up with Jesus Ramos Jr. will be in action coming up next. You're looking to have a world title shot this year. How important is it for you to not just get the win, but to have a dominant performance tonight? It's really important for me, you know, to to look good, to impress, and um have that dominant performance kind of to make a statement in the 154 pound division. Your opponent Sham is coming off a KO loss to a southpaw like yourself. Have you been studying that left hand that sent him to the canvas? Yeah, definitely. We've been uh studying all of that and um you know, I feel like it was against a former opponent of mine and Vladimir Nandez, so I beat him. So, I should be able to do that too, you know. So, that's the goal tonight. Any prediction? A knockout. I'm coming for the knockout. Can't wait to see it. Good luck tonight. Jesus Ramos Jr. taking on short notice replacement Guido Emanuel Sham. Coming up next at 154 lbs. But right now, you are watching middleweight division action. This is round seven scheduled for 10. Elijah Garcia looking to bounce back from his first L at the age of 21. a highly touted prospect at 160, but facing by far the most experienced and the best opponent of his career in a former twotime title challenger, the 37year-old Terrell Gocha, whose right hand has proved to be as clean as a washing machine, including in that first round when he dropped Garcia for the first time in his career. One of the key sequences of this fight keeps repeating. Each time Gosh's back hits the ropes, he comes back with multiple combinations and pivots, centers, and resets in the center. So he's not allowing Garcia to take advantage of an advantageous position. No, he's using those ropes to bounce back, land the right hand. There it is. And then he takes a step to the side. I mean, experience, experience, experience from Garcia digging to the body. Garcia busy, but not a lot of pop behind those punches, but continues to go to the body. And again, we are talking about despite being a world class athlete, a 37year-old gocha who's had some miles on the odometer. Garcia continues to go to the body, which could serve him well the longer this fight goes. Yeah, I want to see a little bit more body work from Garcia. Break him down, tying him out. Block by Garcia. And then the straight left hand splits the guard to go. Oh, check hook lands for Gocha. [Applause] Midway point of the seventh. But even as a young fighter, Garcia, 21 years old, he's throwing a lot of punches. But then when you get hit with those clean shots from Gush, they kind of like Jack, they're they're more they're more thudding their more powerful punches are coming from Gocha. I didn't think I'd be saying that, but neither did I. And as long as Gocha can keep the big right hand again from Gocha. As long as Gocha can keep this level of activity up, it's most likely going to counteract that pressure from on the judges scorecards from Garcia. [Music] Final minute of the seventh round. You know, Gocha averages about 19 power punches thrown per round coming into tonight. Tonight's fight, he's averaging 34 per round, nearly twice as much. So again, my goodness, a fighter who actually told us the truth in a fighter. Wow. Thank you, Terrell Gochet. He usually lands only seven power shots per round, but is landing twice as many per round tonight. So Terrell Gocha proving that yeah, there's a lot of fight left in this veteran. Oh, just misses with the right. Go also knew that this was one that one of those fights that you see make him break type of fights. A young fighter, but the fact Brian the fact that Garcia is allowing him, he's just sitting there allowing Goa to tee off on him and he'sing up with his head down far too often. Hands low. You landed a beautiful right on that pass right now, guys. Lean it over. Right. Yeah. Okay. Beautiful. Do it again. Hey, try try it again. Right. But listen, disguise it instead of giving me a back hand. Come up the middle. Very simple. Look, you got a lot of arsenal, man. You got a big arsenal. Use it. Right. Hey, son. Yes. Hey, say pick it up. Pick it up. One, two. Take one step back. Every now and then. Every now and then. Every now and then, shoot the right hand lead instead of the jab. Come with the right hand lead. Right hand lead. And when you And when you find yourself on the inside, double up them uppercuts, baby. Keep your keep your punches tight. Double up the uppercut. He don't move his head. [Applause] Left right uppercut. We're out. We're out. Let's go. [Applause] [Music] Round number eight. And when we revisit our keys to victory, the the veteran timing over the youthful pressure for Gocha has been very key. Turning Garcia's eagerness into mistakes. But also for Garcia, he hasn't really always cut off the ring and owned the pocket. He's have been unable to. When he does close the distance, he squares up and then eats a bunch of counter shots. Good counter body shot there from Garcia. You do have to wonder where the judges are ultimately on this because Garcia has kept his output up, his pressure up. It just feels like Gocha is landing consistently the more talented shots. And more in terms of clean shots. Yeah, clean shots from Go and the knockdown. I guess that's my way of saying is it time for Garcia to push the pace and go for it? Yes. [Music] Yeah. And again, the reason I think Garcia is not doing that is because he's he's afraid of getting countered. He's seen it all night. He's got to close the gap, get in there, smother good punches. With two minutes left in the eighth, and with this fight unfolding the way it is, Garcia now stalking Gosh, but not a lot of pep, not a lot of urgency, not a lot of anger. Not a lot of spite. And for Gocha, he's content now. He's put those rounds in the books. He's got the knockdown. There's a counter. There's the check hook. Gocha does a great job with basic one two defense to save off Garcia. Garcia's getting in trouble trying to close the distance. Exactly. And it's it's nothing fancy. It's solid, good timing and hard power shots from Gocha. And let's not forget what trainer Manny Robas told him between rounds. Something we've noticed that right uppercut is money for him. Can that be the shot that really puts Garcia in trouble? Yeah, the corner told you straight punches, leap right hand, push him back. But Abner, you said it too earlier, my friend. Here we are in round eight, regardless of where the judges have this fight. Garcia throwing less punches in this round than any other round. And and and per capita, the final minute, where's the urgency? Yeah, he's the 21-year-old. He's a 21y old. He's a fighter with the energy. I I I just feel that he got overwhelmed right now. Well, now he's putting the pressure on and now he's starting to tee off on Gocha. But I don't get when I look at Gocha, I see a guy that's just defending and very confident about where he is. He doesn't appear to be in trouble. Well, look, gocha has allowed him to go to the body, but it's those head shots where high guard has played a huge role in this bout. DJ Khaled commentary. And another one. And another one. I think you played yourself, Mom. Okay. Hey, Major Keeler. 20 seconds left here in the eighth. and a round where yeah, you would expect to put the pedal to the metal and start to to show your wears, highly touted youngster, started again at 16, known for the the knockoff power, but coming off the loss and now in tough against Terrell Gusher. Elijah Garcia needs a wake up call. Let's see if he gets it in the corner from Bob Santos. All right, deep breath. You're doing great. [Music] Hands up. Take a deep, deep breath. Deep breath. Okay, I know you're here. Okay, give him some water. Deep breath. Nice and calm. [Music] He's just trying to Sometimes when he's trying to go out, pin him to the body. Okay. When he tries to turn out, but keep using your jab. Don't just walk in. Come fly blind line. Great. You won that round. Deep breath. Okay. Hold this cup. Vinnie. Hey, keep using your jaw. Keep I would have expected a little more urgency from Santos. Meanwhile, for Gocha's corner, Manny is saying keep it in the center of the ring and and keep working the way he is working. And speaking of working, a big shout out by the way to our main man Mark Ortega. Helps us with research and keeps me with all this great info throughout the fight. Garcia failing to land Gocha in any round despite throwing nearly 200 more punches than him in the fight. So Gosh is not throwing as much, but he's landing a lot more. And what's the first criteria on scoring a fight? Cleaner effective ineffective punch punches. I'm glad you know that, Brian. You can stay. You can stay, buddy. Garcia is discouraged already in this the ninth round. He's getting hit with clean shots as a younger fighter. I mean, he goes in, he tries to land punches, but he's just getting beat to the punch by Ge [Applause] and now letting Gay be first. Another big mistake by the younger Garcia. It must be said here. Impressive performance from the veteran Garcia Coch, excuse me. Mhm. Yeah. Great corner, great advice. Uh, I mean, just everything is working right for Gosh in this fight. And he's fighting like a fighter with a lead, working behind that jab, making Garcia have to be the one to take chances. [Music] So the first fight with Bob Santos who's done so much with Dominican and Cuban lefties as Garcia's guard gets split by the one two of Gocha as he backs up to the ropes and talking to Bob and and getting him to tell me what the strategy was going to be. It's it's what he's been telling him throughout the fight. It's just that Elijah Garcia has been unable to execute that strategy and the jab. It could sue him for abandonment. I think Bob needs to tell him about that right uppercut because Gocha just landed a big one in that sequence. Counter left hook by Gocha. The countering of Gocha has been key as we expected. You can see blood continuing to drip from the nose of Garcia as he goes to the body in the corner. I'm wearing a little bit of his blood right now. He'd never been cut, never been down, never been in this much trouble in a fight before. Although again coming off the loss that he was in a lot of trouble there, but he went never went down. He didn't taste the power that he's tasting tonight against a guy like Gushier with just over 30 seconds left in the ninth. Beautiful left from Garcia. But again, the same sequence. He's center line. I mean, it's just a matter of time that Gushet lands the cleaner shot in this round and didn't take this round. There it is. General from Terrell Gushet. We are seeing him control the pull. Garcia, the matador at work utilizing the ring, backing up, but leading Garcia into counter punches. It's been a terrific performance for Terrell Gochet through nine rounds. Will we hear urgency after nine in the Garcia corner? Because according to our unofficial score, Mr. Brian Campbell, he needs a KO. Good. Give me the ice. Last round coming up. Hold his cup. Give him a little Give him a little bit of water. I I didn't I didn't know it was going to My bad. My bad. My bad. I didn't think it was going to come out like this round. Close this round. This guy ain't got on you. Got nothing left. Boxing ass He's like, but what you want to do, you want to box, but you want to beat him to the punch and then box. Box him. Beat him to the punch and then move and beat him up. Do not allow him to set up. Don't allow him to set up. That mean that's coming in. Yeah. You got to call that right hand. You one two got it in. You got three minutes left. As we begin the 10th and final round. It all began in the first. Gocha waited. He watched. He went boom. Dropping Elijah Garcia for the first time in Garcia's career with the definition of timing over speed. And time out now by the referee, the Garcia oil. The Garcia corner dropped a giant bin of ice. And you can see the water all over that they're still removing from between rounds. And so far, Gocha has found handling Elijah Garcia as difficult as a recipe for ice. Still a lot of ice cubes in the center of the ring at this moment. Are any of them putting their back into it as we get our packs ready here for what should be an eventful 10th and final round? Sweat spraying off the face of Elijah Garcia. It's the effective combinations, the technique of a 2012 US Olympian. The ring generalship of Terrell Gosh on display even when against the ropes. He is the offensive fighter. That's what I like about him, his attitude this whole fight. But really this round, he knows Garcia has to go for broke. So, what is Gohea doing? Meeting his pressure with big time counter shots. Nice punch placement there by Garcia, but too few and far between. Abner. Yeah. And he's also beating him to the punch like the corner told Gay. And he's not cutting off the ring. Gush able to keep it to the center of the ring. Don't get on the ropes and just turning him really. Yeah. Keeps turning out and keeps teeing off on him. The head movement is not there off center. He is not moving his head whatsoever. Hands are low. 21 years of age on the verge of maybe tasting defeat good for the second consecutive time putting in the work. He has to he has to work out now. He knows Garcia losing this fight and you wonder what another loss would do to his confidence at this young age. But yes, putting in the work now, but still getting countered. It's been the story all night long. Wow. That continues to be one, two after another for Gocha. And they're all straight punches again. Garcia not moving from center line. Never moved his head this this entire fight. Final minute of our opening contest in the middleweight division. What was supposed to be a bounce back performance for highly touted prospect the 21-year-old Elijah Garcia after taking an L for the first time has been a rough night at the office against by far his most experienced most skilled opponent. Now Garcia wanting to try to see what he can pull out with against the ropes of crow rallying behind the youngster Garcia. But it's that single solitary counter right hand that stops Garcia's momentum. Gocha's power has moved Garcia at times. I haven't seen the opposite happen one time in this fight. Garcia's hit the deck courtesy of that right hand in the opening round. And Terrell's been busy with these combinations opening up. Not known for his power, but he is landing flush. And here comes Garcia. Great 10th round from both fighters. But again, a solid right. The right has been might tonight for Terrell Ger. Garcia needed to close this round, but I think the one that closed the round was Gosh. It finished really good. But I will say Garcia showed guts in that 10th and final round. Brian Campbell and at least try. Well, Bob Santos thinks they've done enough to win. And our unofficial scorer, Brian Campbell. You have gocha ahead. I again I always feel bad when an analyst have to also score the fight, but I get it. People at home want to know and uh I I agree with with BC and his his assessment and I I gave the 10th round to I did. I love the pressure in a very close round over. I don't know if I agree with you on that one. Yeah, you gave Mercy the last round. I'm only unofficial judge at this point, but I scored a 97 92 unofficially. at seven rounds to three in favor of Terrell Gocha. Obviously, you had that extra point for the knockdown in the opening round 108. I like the pressure from Garcia in the final round, but it felt like a little bit too late for for what we thought he was going to bring to the table. Yeah, well said, Brian. All right, Abner. And uh let's uh revisit the action. Elijah Garcia, 21 against 37year-old Terrell Gocha. Boom. One, two, goes down for the first time in his career. First time in his career for Elijah Garcia. I mean, the urgency was there right after that knockdown because he came back and he gave all he can take. But again, Gush's experience getting on the ropes, counter punching with that right hand, back to back to back and not only the straight right hand, but also the uppercut. There it is. Beautiful work from Gay. Just experience, just well timed, overwhelmed straight punches. always always center line Elijah Garcia eating those punches and punches from Gusher. The experience, the willingness for from Gush wanting to also win this fight and put his name back on on the map in this weight division. We take a look at the punch stats from Copia box in this fight. You see the total punches landed overall going in the favor of Terrell Gocha, 189 to 154. And look at that power percentage. 42% of power shots landed. Nearly more than doubling it seems the jabs of Garcia. After 10 rounds, the judges at ringside have rendered their decision. Let's go inside the ring to Jimmy Lennon Jr. Ladies and gentlemen, after 10 action rounds of boxing, we go to the scorecards with a split decision. Here are the score totals. Judge at ringside, Chris Migliori, scores about 95 to 94 in favor of Terrell Garce. Judge at ringside, Don Trella, sees it 95 to 94 in favor of Elijah Garcia. And judge at ringside, Zachary Young, sees it 96-93 in favor of the winner by way of split decision, Elijah Garcia. Usually it's good reason, but I got to say, mama mia, what the hell just happened? I can't see it. Even if you want to go and punch totals, gocha outlanded him. But gocha landed the cleaner, better shots consistently. What a Terrell Gocha is. My goodness, I'd be apppoplelectic. And yet Elijah Garcia be a split decision avenges the first. He went down in the first round and was down throughout the fight. We gave you the stats. And while the numbers don't always tell the complete story, uh, Zachary Young gave Elijah Garcia the last four rounds to win 9693. The 9594 judge scored round 10 for Garcia like our unofficial score did to give him the split.