Kind: captions Language: en Ladies and gentlemen, we welcome you to Marklay Center here in Brooklyn, New York. As Premier Boxing Champions presents the PBC pay-per-view on Prime featured attraction, brought to you by GTD Promotions and TGB Promotions in association with Pro Box Promotions and sponsored by DraftKings Sportsbook. The crown is yours. This bout is sanctioned by the WBA president in attendance Jesus Mendula along with the New York State Athletic Commission. The executive director is Matthew Deangio. Introducing our three judges scoring for ringside from Connecticut, Glenn Feldman. From New York, Eric Marlinsky. And from New Jersey, Steve Weissfeld. Introducing our referee in charge, our third man in the ring, Steve Willis. All right, fans, here we go with the main event of the evening. 12 rounds of boxing for the WBA Lightweight Championship of the World. And now, ladies and gentlemen, the in attendance and boxing fans joining us around the world, live from Barclay Center in Brooklyn, New York, is prime time. [Applause] Introducing to you first the challenger on my left, hiding out of the red corner, wearing a green trunks, hailing from and representing our nation's capital of Washington DC. He weighed in at the lightweight limit of 135 lbs. With a record of 25 wins, one loss, and one draw, he has 10 wins coming by way of knockout. Tonight he is moving up in weight as he attempts to capture his second World Division title. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome tonight's challenger, the current WBA super featherweight champion of the world. Introducing Lamont, the Reaper Roach Jr. [Applause] and is opponented across the ring fighting out of the blue corner. Tonight's defending world champion wearing green camouflage trunks. He is fighting out of and representing his home of Baltimore, Maryland. He weighed in at a trim ready 133.8 lb. He is undefeated in his tremendous campaign with a record of 30 wins, no losses, 28 big wins coming by way of knockout. Here is the popular superstar of boxing. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the hard-hitting fivetime three division world champion and the current undefeated reigning and defending WBA lightweight champion of the world. Introducing Germany Tis. [Applause] Once again, our referee in charge is Steve Willis. Now to give instructions. [Applause] There we go. [Applause] Okay, gentlemen. You both see the instructions in the dressing room. Want you to beta commands to protect yourselves at all time. Right now, we're going on low on the green. We're going to go to low underneath the black. All right, got it. Chop them up. It's going to work. Steve Willis, referee for Javvante Davis. Well, you know, the sport of boxing isn't about who throws the most. It's about who lands the right punch at the right time. Davis, a master of that science. But for Lamont Roach, he knows that when it comes to beating Davis, it's not about just skill. It's about flawless execution under constant pressure. Roach Jr. believes his IQ is sharper than a number two pencil, but he'll need more than wit to withstand Davis's precision and power. Round number one. And the big question here now and I think we all see is it tank Davis is going to start fast. Uh we know the answer. I know. I know. If you want to look for some areas Roach thinks he has advantage. One thing he said is fighting on the inside. His quote was we're going to see if Tank is really an inside guy in this fight. can well first three four rounds. Davis downloads that data like a AI generated knockout artist and to Roach. It's going to be up to him too. Does he elect to take the fight to Davis? Does does he wait for Davis to come to him? &gt;&gt; One thing you can say about Roie has never looked in better shape coming in. Looks first confident. And we talked about it, Brian Kuster, all of us saying, you know, for most opponents, it's like that Mike Tyson effect. You walk to the ring, dead man walking. For Roach, familiarity. They've sparred a lot. Yes, they faced each other in the Avengers. And Roach is a champion. He's He holds a title. He's He may not have been on this stage before, but he knows what it takes to be a champion. And tonight, he wants to make history. Well, when you come back from defeat like he did in his first title bout against Jamal Herring, which he said created this persona of the Reaper, and you come back and put together the run that he has, that is a champion in form right there. Let's see though. Familiarity has brought confidence to Roach, but too much confidence against Tank is a recipe for disaster. Knowing Tank Davis, I doubt he listened to Blue Oyster calls, don't fear the Reaper, but that's the sentiment that I'm sure he's he has going into this fight. A minute 15 left here in the opening round. And yes, cautious stars and six IQ right now from Roach. We know he's really smart taking in data right now. Trying to read Tank Davis and not trying to let Davis read him. &gt;&gt; Might not be surprised that with two minutes gone, Davis has yet to land a punch. Well, this is Roach kind of forcing Davis to take the lead, which is an interesting shot as we tension. You need to cut it with a chainsaw with Tank Davis, but says the one on his trunks and he is the one to sell out arenas coast to coast. He's also the one to add interesting tattoos, creative designs. Talk about the red letters pain on the top of his for [Music] like what Roach is doing right now. I know most of the opponents that David has faced the first three four rounds are always they're pressuring they're winning the rounds and right now Roach put that pressure being smart with the pressure. Well, if you're Roach, you can't be afraid of the crowd booze. That might mean that you are controlling terms of this fight. &gt;&gt; He's been compared to Mike Tyson. Get those. And there we go. One of 12 for three of 17 approach. I don't need that whole camera right there. One more, man. Okay. Got it. Off the line. Don't find yourself just standing in front of them like I did with any lights. All right. Good. Side to side. Make sure you pop that jab. And if you toe to toe, if you're not working, get the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out there. All right. Keep them in a circle. Okay. How you feel? Good. Deep breath in. One more time. Touch something. Just touch something. Just move around here. Stand off the line. All right. &gt;&gt; New voice in the corner for Jervante Davis. That being Barry Hunter, Calvin Ford still part of the camp. Meanwhile, in Roach's corner, his dad telling him to faint, telling him to try to lure Davis into a counter opportunity. Of course, Davis knows all about making counters count. Well, this does align with what Roach was saying regarding his strategy. He wanted to really make Tank think. He thinks that could be the difference in his performance, obviously, compared to the others Tanks have had. So many of those fights ending by knockout. Here's a rarity. In round one, all punches were landed to the body. Albeit there were three for Roach, one for Davis, but still all body shots. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we talked about the reach and and making Tank Davis think and there there's those faints that Roach is using right now. Try to make him make a mistake and make him pay. &gt;&gt; But again, I'm liking how Roach is walking 10 back. You and I talked about just this scenario. What happens when no one [Applause] Obviously, this fight can turn at any point. You do wonder if you're do you want to land something big to set a certain tone and precedent? &gt;&gt; Well, he's not known to be that guy early in the early rounds. But obviously, yes. His power is just that and it's interesting before every tank fight. Always go back watch tape in those early days. My goodness was he uh beast in those first rounds. &gt;&gt; But it's low output, high accuracy, maximum cam. How about those shoes on tape? By the way, you can put on your makeup in the reflection of that one. &gt;&gt; Both of them are styling and profiling with their championship glory. The grabs roach given special permission to move five lbs up for this huge opportunity. Double jab. There's a jab by Davis [Applause] against Orthodox. Roach in the center of the ring. Again, very cautious. He's building the tension. And you know, we've said it many times. You watch a Tank Davis fight, it's like sitting on the edge of your seat during a a blockbuster thriller. You know that a twist is coming, but the suspense is apt, the fun. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's just a matter of when really again smart round. He's not throwing a lot but being cautious, being smart. &gt;&gt; He knows he cannot make mistakes against him. &gt;&gt; And you look at this lightweight division, of course, a new star. Another Davis added to the championship mix. So much talent. And you know, there's hope to mix it up. There was talk but here we are in Brooklyn for this championship fight already told you about detention. You know what I'm saying? Work your free try to sneak one in that dirty [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] but it's all good. All right. Little small pressure. All right. We going to build on that. Okay. So you get that faint junk jab. Throw the throw the one two from range and then hop back over to the right. All right. All right. Cuz you going to turn out the shots for us. Start countering this. &gt;&gt; All right. Get low. When he get low like that, you get low. Punch. Punch or push. Push down on his ass. All right. All right. &gt;&gt; All right. Take two. Barry Hunter in Davis's corner letting him know that if nothing else, continue to use your feet, use the footwork. He feels Roach's feet are already heavy. I'm just wondering what would happen if a Tank Davis fight started in round six. &gt;&gt; All action all the time. &gt;&gt; He's not alone in that. Let's talk about some of the great ones. Floyd Mayweather, Canelo Alvarez, &gt;&gt; and he was mentored by Floyd Mayweather. &gt;&gt; Yeah. all about that low output, high accuracy. &gt;&gt; Yeah, but you got you got to get it to tank. I mean, yes, he would love for him to start fast and be exciting, but he's a smart fighter. He he he wants he knows when to go in. He's reading the fighter right now. He's taking in data, and he doesn't want to make a mistake. &gt;&gt; Constantly setting traps mentally, physically, and otherwise. &gt;&gt; Who's going to make the other fighter reach first? do something they don't want to first. &gt;&gt; Yeah, tank. I mean, we'll fight the tank does not like to get hit and that's why he doesn't start as as fast. He's he's waiting for the right moment. &gt;&gt; We need that double jab from Roach. The corner asked for it. Double jab just close the gap. Just a single jab from Roach and not doing anything with it. with the right of the defense on display. There's there's Tank Davis utilizing the the instructions from his corner. Barry Hunter utilizing his feet much more here in round three. Shot there from another body shot from Davis. Straight right down the middle. Always a weapon against the southpaw public enemy number one. But let's not forget that left hook. And Roach has a decent left hook. Loves to go to the body as well. He has no issues at all. The only loss, the only draw in his career did both against left-handed fighters. [Applause] So far anything from Davis take control of the situation trying to pick up the tails, pick up any information that he will use as this fight unfolds. 30 seconds now left in the third. There's a chopping right hand. Good punch from Roach. &gt;&gt; Really good right hand from Roach. And you got to start getting rounds. &gt;&gt; Baging rounds. That's all you have to do. Take it round. We saw him tonight's last fight. First three rounds. Frank Martin do a good job of of taking the fight to Davis having success. We've seen that with the likes of Leo Santa Cruz. We saw what Brian Garcia what happened when he got aggressive got dropped in round two. Again, it's not a catch 22, but it give me a good when it comes to fighting Davis. [Applause] It's just not getting pretty out. Deep breath, blow it out, big boy. Deep breath, blow it out. &gt;&gt; All right, listen. Set him. Set him up with that left hook. Set it up with the left hook. Okay. Get going. Right. Right. Right. And then when you step, bring the left hook, then a right hook. You got it. How you feeling? &gt;&gt; Good. Good. &gt;&gt; All right. Good. Head off the line behind the jab. Okay. And do not fall in. &gt;&gt; What are you doing? Two punches. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But I still want you. &gt;&gt; We don't want to get We don't want that. Let's go. &gt;&gt; We heard from Barry Hunter in Roach's Corner. &gt;&gt; Meanwhile, they're looking to try to just continue to solve Jervante Tank Davis and and interesting even at the highest level. Even when you're Tank Davis, it's the basic information that sticks, right? It's it's just keeping it simple. &gt;&gt; Fundamental center line. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Get your head off center line. &gt;&gt; Come in with that left hook. Set it up. Go with the right hook. &gt;&gt; I really like the command of Roach, the patience, the confidence, but he's not making it clear in terms of his output that these rounds are going to his favor. And it's something you consider. &gt;&gt; And that footwork of Davis definitely also causing him issues. Movement constantly from Tank Davis. But there's the double jab from Roach. There's that lead left hook just clipped Davis. &gt;&gt; Yeah, just as well. Roach's not giving Tank Davis anything. Tank giving close. And you see round two where Roach outlanded Davis. Well, the first two rounds, in fact, our unofficial scorer, Larry Hazard, did actually give round two to Roach. So, &gt;&gt; there it is. I mean, again, they were early fighters pick up rounds against Davis. Hands in second round. There's a lead left in their body work from Davis. backing up again, setting the track against him to the center crashing into the right. It's such a dangerous proposition for Roach with a high guard because you're either giving up body shots to a big puncher and Davis or you're going to bring down that guard and set up an opportunity for him in the fight. &gt;&gt; Roach is on the hunt of Tank Davis. He fought low. He fought really low with his high guard when he got in. But then two straight Mario also had a good start. That was at 140 again. But how did those fights all end guys with Davis victories? Usually a knockout. Essence, the first to go 12 rounds. And not to take away from the win, but halfway through the fight, Davis injured his most effective weapon, his left hand. Heat. Heat. trying to be perfect because you can make mistakes by trying to get too much so you can see the difference in movement. [Applause] Sneaky shots to the body. [Applause] off the ball. The referee took a clean [Applause] breath. Go around. Go around. Go around. Don't get too fast on your feet when you get in that punching range. You know what I'm saying? Be mindful of your distance. All right. Good round though. All right. Just be ready to come back. You catch, you shoot. &gt;&gt; Get the defense right. Love them all. Defense tight. All right. Good round. You got to follow him. He going to try to deep breath. [Applause] Stay in control. Keep making him think. He look You see what he looking for all day long. Take it away. He going have to go to something else. might come out a little bit little bit more aggressive this round. Be prepared. All right. &gt;&gt; Roach's father letting him know to be mindful of your distance. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And here we go. Tank got a little distracted there. He was talking to the ref telling him something. But hey, you got to protect yourselves at all times. &gt;&gt; Victor Cruz learned that last year. Victor Victor Victor. Sorry, guys. Yeah, of course. Or against Floyd Mayweather. Victor Cruz scor the salsa. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Round number five. Victor Ortiz wished I would have said Victor like that. So, here we are guys. Round number five. We talked about uh Roach's father saying be mindful of your distance again, especially against the guy the caliber puncher of Jervante Tank Davis. But it is amazing that no matter what you do, what you say, the the the Davis fight unfolds, this is we're seeing this every single fight. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And Ro's not winning these rounds clearly either. I mean, he's putting in that behavior. &gt;&gt; Yeah. There's not a lot to speak of on either side right now. &gt;&gt; I mean, it's a game always for both fighters. You're going to allow the rounds to be this low in. I'm not sure Roach has done enough to have just to really leave an explanation. &gt;&gt; Exactly. [Applause] lot of chess still being played between these two at close range. It's a good body shot. &gt;&gt; It's a tactical fight so far. That is a combination continuing to body with the left hand. [Applause] Final 60 seconds. the left hand splits the bar roach roach though with the uppercut in the right hand trying to score on Davis for Davis defending and sticking his tongue out under a minute left here in the fifth Davis that one punch so well he got hit in the back as he was bending over and he's talking to Roach and there it is series of left hand and now Roach is talking back okay this is where Roach has to be careful getting off of his game plan he got to his All right. [Applause] Talking in the ring. Referee wanting to maintain law and order. Steve Willis the man in charge. Dav is playing the mind game. Setting the track. Evacuating. And Roach continues to talk to Davis. And you're right. Davis is taking Ro out of his game plan here. So, we may not be seeing a war yet in terms of action, but the war of words is heating up. All right. You made him mad a little bit. When you get mad, you take There you go. You take chances, but you got to bait it in. All right. Combination together, man. because &gt;&gt; so in the corner we saw &gt;&gt; in that round the breakers use shoulder thrusts like that in in his career including against Floyd Mayweather and there was a pace right out of that playbook by Gvonte Davis not exactly Marcus of Queensbury rules guys Davis won that round just by He got him out of his game plan. He also went to the body effectively and that's going to add up over time. So, here we are now at round six and and according to the stats very close. So, not not really the start wanted in in many ways because he did not take advantage of the deliberate start by Durant Tank Davis. right now as we are in the sixth round. Let's see what happens cuz the words are being thrown at each other. Let's see if the punches thrown. And yes, they do. Why is standing right in front of him? You can't do that. Why is he staring down after a big shot? Takes talking to him. was talking to the referee talking Davis continues to utilize football and now Roach misses with the right in front of him though making a lot of mistakes right now his way in just walking in straight reaching [Applause] on his neck. There's another comparison I don't want to make to my last counter left by Davis. Stiff one at that minute and a half gone here in the six. So midway point of the fight. This is where we usually see K Davis begin to bring us an uptick in offense. And Yang starting to put that pressure on Roach. He is. And there's the left hand. Stepping on the foot of Roach repeatedly as he throws to the body. &gt;&gt; It's always about that foot place. South lead foot dominance. &gt;&gt; And you're right. That could definitely play a part right now. There's Davis with that lead foot on the outside able to put that left hand down the middle. Another left hand. The jab from Davis. Davis is starting to heat up. Yeah. Keeping this fight in the center of the ring. I like to be serious. 45 seconds left in the six. The mind games indeed cannot get frustrated. Lose focus. He's got to weather the storm, keep his emotions together, and get back to his game plan. Davis lands a left. And of course, even if Davis misses, you will get a big reaction from the crowd here in Brooklyn. Although, I have to say, Lar Roach definitely has a fair share of fans making the the trip up from Capital Heights. Okay, Davis. Now showmanship, gamesmanship [Applause] entertainment after. Good job. &gt;&gt; I was going to do it. &gt;&gt; All right, we good. We good, y'all. We good. Hey, don't focus on that. All right, we cool over here. Good job. Good job. &gt;&gt; All right, but I got to stay tight. Don't fall in with nothing. You hear me? &gt;&gt; And Jack Davis, like he normally does in these rounds, he wakes up and he th starts throwing a lot more. That left is landing. &gt;&gt; That straight left and the right hook as well. The body shot from Tank Davis. Perfect time. &gt;&gt; Beautiful placement. How about that forward from Tank to get out. He just got serve the &gt;&gt; when he turn around shoot. going to counter shoot again. guys on Q middle rounds. Tank Davis landed a fight high 11 of 24 in round six. &gt;&gt; And he was the first to reach double digit connects in a round with that fight high 11 in round six. And according to our official score, Larry Hazard, he has Davis up by four. He gave round two to the challenger. Roach told us he believes he does have the power to earn tanks respect. Haven't seen that up to this point. He's shown and again we talked about it already but since the loss to Harry has shown aggression again at 130 lbs not the level of caliber of Davis but man he got it done. Six knockdowns in six fights, three knockouts and now trying to take the fight to D. Yeah, and we see why he's not letting his punches go as much. He does not want to make a mistake. He does not want to pay for it. And he almost did right there. How nasty was the speed of that counter shot. It's like a shovel uppercut coming back from the left [Applause] trying to come forward. Unable to launch an attack. And now the pressure and the punches from Davis coming back to the body lands a right hand upstairs by Davis although it was off the nice D but hey off the punch is standing strong just not landing much in return. Oh, nice double left hook by Roach to the body and then to the head right hand. So good success here for Roach round seven by Roach. Another referee Roach is having moments here guys in the seventh. A minute left is He's training with Tank Davis with the power of T Davis. He's trading punches, letting his punches go. Beautiful combinations from here in the seventh. for 13 of 40. Davis eight of 18. &gt;&gt; This is where that confidence that we mentioned of Roach is coming forward. Yeah. But then again, Tank Davis makes you feel that you're in there fighting them. So you can't get too comfortable in that race in the seven round for the challenger at a time when we're not used to seeing challengers do well against Jervante Taves twice as many punches as Davis in this round so far only landing him by three good solid shot there Davis. Oh, there's a right hook to the body. My ripping that right hand in rips a left hook to the body. Good stuff here in round seven. [Applause] You hear me? Come on, man. Be smart. Don't get smart, man. You hear me? Deep breath. Get that right hand up tight. Catch that over. You can punch with it. He got a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] left hand. All right. He's trying to counter everything with the left. All right. You hear me? &gt;&gt; Keep working in the clinch. You hear me? &gt;&gt; Keep working in the clinching. Bend your knees some. Get a little bit sway so you get a little bit more leverage on your shot. All right. Okay. I want to get in the way though. Carter wants him to be smart. Well, he tried to make Davis smart in pain. He landed a fight high for either guy. 16 punches in round seven for Tank Davis. More than half of his landed punches have been to the body. So, here we go. Round number eight. Things beginning to get interesting. You got to give Rose credit that wasn't him surviving. That was him thriving, letting his punches speak for themselves here. He feels like he's back in the fight. His corner believes it. He's walking that tight rope against tanks power. Yeah, he had some really good shots, great combinations, but again, he's getting he's feeling too comfortable. He's got to change his make Davis feel that make him make mistakes. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] There's a job again in the body. So Roach the corner says be smart. I mean he's trying but got to continue to attack somehow. &gt;&gt; Roach talking to Tank now. Now &gt;&gt; when he's attacking with that jab, he's walking. Tank Davis is back with that jab. &gt;&gt; Defense from Roach with faint. Double jab through the guard. Oh, great evasion. And then Davis looking to go to the body with the left hand, but the jab remains a constant for Roach. And Davis closes the distance. But we saw the big betting odds in favor of Davis. And that's going to happen when you're on the run that he is. But those in boxing knew that Roach was going to be as tough as Stiff Test. And I think Tank knew the same thing. They know him well. They know what they're up against. And Roach is very well for himself. Very effective weapon here in the eighth. And you're right, &gt;&gt; he's feeling comfortable with the jab, but he's got to be careful because it almost seems like Tank is waiting for him to throw the right hand and counter coiled up left hand. Davis just got backed up with a count from Roach. That's a big moment in the fight for Roach. You talk about getting respect. That was his moment. He's He's earning Terren's respect. That counter right backing Davis up. And there's a left uppercut. The last roach Davis digs to the body on the bel line. 30 seconds left in the last two rounds. Lamont Roach Jr. making things interesting here in this championship affair. Looking to become a simultaneous two division champion looking to the upset the last time I've seen take this game. [Applause] from Davis being outlanded the last two rounds by there's a sign of respect by Davis say okay okay [Applause] &gt;&gt; I wonder when he come you can see it all right you see it and just be alert and go okay he rotate your hands get &gt;&gt; this is how effective rolls was in the last round with the right hand. Boom. He counter punched Tank Davis. Tank Davis landed a left. Roach came back with his own right. There it is. He turned it right. Counter punch him and he over. He landed some really good shots in this last fight. That's great. It's about as great of a round. &gt;&gt; The clock thickens here. Round number nine. Barlay center Brooklyn sold out. Javvante Tank Davis putting his lightweight and undefeated record on the line against amateur rival Lamont Roach Jr. and on the unofficial scorecard of Larry Hazard. Well, Roach is closing the gap. [Applause] This is where you look back on those early rounds where not much happened, but the judges have preferred Roach. It's an interesting spot for him to be in. This is everything he said he would do so far. He's doing right. Nice right uppercut. Roach taking the fight to Davis. Davis high guard wanting to explode with the left. Oh, and that right. But Davis took off some of the steam of the punch, but still Roach. He took a knee. What is he doing? You think of me like that? [Applause] That's a generous call from me. And again. Wow. Okay. I thought heard his hand. Here comes Davis. Davis exploding creating fire with fire some big shots and coming right back a minute and a half left in what has been an eventful night. He thought Davis might have gone down for the first time in his career. Instead, he exploded and took the shots and fired back some of his own. has to be careful. Tank loading up field here. Tank unloading left and right. Roach doing a pretty good job of deflecting some of these shots. Short left hand from Roach. Right hand lands by the challenger. This arena is on their feet right now. Final minute of the night. [Applause] Right hook, left hand from Davis. never expected he should be taking these shots and countering and answering with his own big shots right in the center of the ring with the left Davis taking a look 30 seconds left in the ninth Davis misses with the left approach check right hand there come right it's a really nice right It's landing. More than once at a time, you're going to get another right hand. Yes, you know, you're right. Davis, an expert at taking advantage of predictable patterns, very good at reading the situation. But hey, he's in tough here right now against Lamont Roach Jr. Nine rounds. Roand Davis. Hey, come on now. That was a good round. You got to turn up there all three. &gt;&gt; Let's take a look at what we thought was &gt;&gt; taking a knee. And I thought it was a blinding jab. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Grab something strong. He took the knee. That's a knock down. He did not take this. There's the crowd. &gt;&gt; The replay official said no knock down. &gt;&gt; Well, it certainly did not come as a result of a clean punch, but it was voluntary. It was to the face, but you're right. Exactly. It wasn't a power. It wasn't a knockdown punch. &gt;&gt; How about the only time Floyd Mayweather was down in his career when he broke his hand? Exactly. &gt;&gt; Interesting. &gt;&gt; Wow. But why did he go to the corner? Something in his eye. It seemed like it. Yeah. But again, not allowed to take a time out during a round. Here we are. Round 10. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Davis lowers his hands and saying, "Yeah, come on. Try. We got to talk about how good he's looking in this fight so far." 10th round and and he's pushing Tavis back. Her right hand is landing. &gt;&gt; The oddsmakers may not have believed that Roach would still be here, but he never doubted it. He never did. You're seeing that confidence show through. [Applause] Thus far here, less than 2 minutes left in the 10th. Tank Davis has failed to throw 30 or more punches in a round. Roach has thrown an average of 44 in the last three rounds. And to go back to the situation involving Davis, the commission looked at the replay. Uh they said, "Yeah, Tank Davis had something in his eye." Referee Willis allowed him to take the knee, get the towel wipe off, and here we are, guys. [Music] Nice right hand from Roach. Nice left hook from Roach. Right uppercut on the inside combinations from Roach. And you're right though, you keep saying don't effective and he's taking his time. He throws it one twice at a time, but not consistent for him to read it. Left hook to the body. That's one of his patented punches for Roach. &gt;&gt; Nice combination from Roach. &gt;&gt; Roach continues to land the right hand. Wherever this fight goes from here for Roach, he has earned his respect. Stunning, stunning affairs here in round 10 where Roach has landed eight of 26. Davis just three of 13. Good body shot there though from Davis. Another body shot by Davis, but the counter from Roach is there and it's effective. Just when Davis catches him with the body shot. Roach comes back with the upper and now pushing T Davis back. Roach has doubled the output. connects to take this round. &gt;&gt; Oh, beautiful body shot by Davis. Another left hand from Javante Tank Davis. But Roach snaps the jab. We are headed to the championship rounds. Lamont Roach Jr. making it interesting here tonight. [Applause] Hey, put a trigger on that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Don't stay in front of him like that. This might be this [Applause] round, right? This should be one, man. &gt;&gt; Let's go. We're going to see an exchange by those fighters &gt;&gt; trading punches. Roach taking his time there, waiting for a tag to get in. Oh, beautiful. left hand. &gt;&gt; Well time get it in. There it is. [Music] &gt;&gt; He's done it. He's done it really good. Let them do their job. Come on. Seconds out. Seconds out. &gt;&gt; Tank Dave is living up to his reputation though in many ways. Low output, but he's landing 45% of his power punches such as The judges favor some of these really big counter shots from Tank up against the consistent election of Roach. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we've seen some big counter shots from Roach in the last couple of rounds. &gt;&gt; And according to our unofficial scorer, Larry Hazard. He has Davis up by two points. He's given four rounds, I believe, to Roch. I feel like it could be that same Scott the other way. Absolutely. &gt;&gt; All right. Championship rounds are here. Davis in a championship fight again. He saw Cruz the only man to go 12 full rounds with him. And that's when Davis hurt his left hand. Roman Roach Jr. looking to hurt Davis's problem. He's the first fighter Roach to land more total punches than tanks through 10 complete rounds. Already a moral victory for the defending junior lightweight champion Lamont Roach Jr. who continues to attack Tank Davis. That's a tremendous stat. Oh, by the way, guess who doesn't look like 130 lb tonight. Roach settling in nicely to his lightweight frame here very much in this fight in the championship rounds. Nice right uppercut, left hook lands for Roach Davis missing. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's missing now. So, if you can take one, I can take one. [Applause] Who's going to be the leading? [Music] This Game of Thrones is getting interested here. &gt;&gt; Oh, another right hand. Another right left by Roach. Exchanging fire with Davis having success after he had a right hand and then he's bitten down get you know not letting Davis down that left. &gt;&gt; Nice combination from Davis. All [Applause] right. Talking the talk and uh well up to the round with 40 seconds left here in the 11th round. But Lamont Roach Jr. more than proving that he earned this opportunity, guys, and making the most of it right now. Will it end up with him being crowned a champion? We've got just over a round left. And he's doing a great job here in round 11 as well. Maybe two simultaneous one. Although Davis fighting on even terms here in the 11. Both of them have landed same amount of punches. expected this 12th and final round is here. And for the first time in a long time, you have to wonder what's going on. This is what we work for, man. This is the last round. You hear me? &gt;&gt; You hear me? Shot box. Do what you've been doing around. Come back with them quick changes change of height. Lean on his ass. All right. This is Listen. Hey. &gt;&gt; Listen, baby. That [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is over with. Let's go. Turn it up. Lock your defense. You hunt him down. You hear me? Get your hands up. &gt;&gt; You got me. 12th and final round sock pit cruise saw the final battle after 12 rounds for the man Roach Jr. He's not just surviving. He He's thriving. &gt;&gt; He's fighting very similar to Tav. [Applause] Merry Hazard's unofficial score has Davis up by one and it could very well be the other way on the official score. Just taking the fight to tank here to open the 12. [Applause] And yet you still feel the you never know. But here we go. Two plus minutes left in the fight. Oh, the pressure on those ringside judges in this one. [Applause] Focus. Focus. Lot of talking going on in that ring. Jab by Roach Flitz. Davis is guard and Davis misses with the lead. Ro still talking attack and Davis keeps the body shot and another left hook upstairs. Right hand left. Oh, but there's a counter left from Davis and then Ro lands another jab on Davis. Wow. Ro has to keep again. Oh my god. punches. [Applause] I don't know if you can take a shot here if you're tank. You might need to get knocked down here. You might need to go for it. Exactly. A minute and a half left in this fight. And the way Lamont Roach Jr. is fighting, he could very well be on the verge of being crowned a champion in the second weight class. [Applause] Talk about flipping the script. Davis has landed just slightly more power shots. Roach very much controlling the jab department. Davis has landed more body shots. Again, these core cards could be all over the place. Less than a minute remaining. Oh, but Davis looking for that left hand. 40 seconds left. And this is how [Applause] the familiar he knows. He knows his weaknesses. It's one thing to say. It's another thing to execute exec Davis became a champion for the first time. Is this championship reign in jeopardy? It comes down to the judges at ringside junior moving up and wait and proving in the race enough Davis the biggest box office attraction in the sport here in America. 3-0 here at Barlays. His knockout streak has ended for four at four. But will his championship reign end? Let's take a look at some of the action. Abner, well, as predicted, Tank Davis started slow, but here we see on land that left back to back, but Roach was always in the fight. He always felt comfortable, never uncomfortable, always pushing Tank Davis back. He always had a response to what Tank Davis threw. Uppercuts, beautiful combinations, &gt;&gt; pushing him back with the jab. And that's that's the replay when he took the knee. &gt;&gt; So again, landed a punch. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And he took a knee. Again, Roach just had a response for everything that Tank David was throwing at him. &gt;&gt; And yet, as competitive as it gets, Abner, they were separated by three or fewer landed punches in nine of the 12 rounds. You see the total punches landed. Favor Lamont Roach just by a bit. Power punches that belongs to Davis. The jab belongs to Roach. decision belongs to the three judges at ringside. How how often do we sit back on tender hooks awaiting a decision for Javante Tank Davis fight but here they are showing respect to each other disrespect &gt;&gt; and for Davis again your biggest box office attraction it pays to stay active as well you you you know not to say there was a rust or a lack of sharpness but Lamont Roach came to not only fight but came to become a champion. Our unofficial scorer Larry Hazard has Gervante Davis winning 115 113. &gt;&gt; Let's see what the judges &gt;&gt; this first roundab. Yes. &gt;&gt; And in rounds where you expect Davis to separate himself, that's where Roach was at his best &gt;&gt; at the very end. I thought Roach was just feeling comfortable. He was feeling himself. Talk about knowing his opponent. He he kept mentioning that, you know, during the the fight. He said, "I know Tank. We fought many times. I know what he brings." And I think that's why he felt so comfortable in there. &gt;&gt; Talk about the chin. He got hit by Tank Davis. Many shots and he took them. All right. So, plenty of anxious moments here. The tension palpable. The man who's about to relieve it, Jimmy Lennon Jr. &gt;&gt; Ladies and gentlemen, after 12 rounds of action, we go to the scorecards. Judge at ringside, Eric Marlinsky, scores about 115 to 113 in favor of Javvante Davis. Judges Steve Weissfeld and Glenn Feldman both scored the bout 114 to 114. Even a draw. The decision is a majority draw. [Applause]