Kind: captions Language: en [Music] We got 36 minutes in a fight. Your whole world sort of stops and you start seeing things in slow motion and you're just living in in such a present moment. And I felt that in most fights, but I felt it go away during the Fondor fight. Jinu facing the tallest puzzle of his proing career. Right hand popping Fedora's head back like a pass dispenser. Here comes Fendor with the uppercuts. And now Fendor trying to find his way back in this fight. It's a lot of blood, man. He is definitely coming out like a man who sees red. Man, that caught in the blood on the face of Z becoming bothersome. It's a lot of blood. That's crazy. Sometimes one night is enough to change everything. With a lastminute opponent on just 11 days notice, Tim Zoo took a chance. Sebastian Fondora took his belt. Now both men returned to the ring in a highly anticipated rematch. Wow. One looking to rewrite history, the other to cement it. They're hoping for another one just like this. Another bloody mess. I'll tell you the essentials, the pillow, not just one, [Applause] two pillows at all times. That's my travel essential. I've got my trunks here, actually. the lion post fondor fight. I just uh felt like this guy. Felt like this little little tiger. But usually at home, I've got my own chef. Got myself a fridge here making stuff with this. Doing it the homemade stuff. Good meal actually, man. Lucky this ain't my house. [Music] Comfort has never meant much to Tim Zoo. He's not bothered traveling 15,000 m for a few days of press. The former title holder Tim Zoo. Even if he's constantly reminded of the night he lost his belt and his undefeated record. Biggest factor in that fight was that cut in the beginning of the fight, you know, because he sees it for what it is, a chance to get back on track. and one step closer to the rarified level of success every fighter dreams of. Manny, thank you for having me on your card. I'm happy. I'm happy. I'm happy. My goal remains the same. Pursue the greatness and conquer America. It's it's quite simple. Joining us from Sydney, ladies and gentlemen, this is the Mecca. You know, you make it here, you've made it in the world. in Australian superstar Tamasu. [Music] Do you like being the underdog in this fight? It's exciting cuz you get to rewrite your mistakes. I want that belt. I want that title. I want that redemption. My ambition has always been chasing towards fighting in America and chasing what I grew up watching my whole life. And here is Costa fighting for the unification. My father was a great Australian sporting icon, Costa. Uh he was the undisputed champ. Uh defeated a lot of great world champions. It's been a big part for me to to create my own identity outside of the the last name Zoo. Uh Kosa's son of course has been grew up see that age always in the gym. Timoo. Tim Zoo has built a career fighting his way out of his father's shadow. Flashy, aggressive, never afraid to take a risk. Last year, his US pay-per-view debut was supposed to be against Keith Thurman. Start the year off right onto. But when a lastminute injury threatened to cancel the party, Zoo didn't hesitate. He took on a very different challenge. The kind of risk that's defined his rise. You took this fight on 11 days notice. Uh Tim, you're going to be facing a a literally a very tall task. True champion rises to the occasion, adapts to everything that's put in front of them. I've always been a guy that that takes on any challenge. That's what it is for me, you know, take on the hardest challenges possible, and that's what it is. Wake up. Wake up. Wake up. Let's go, guys. I'm glad that I can share the ring with someone like Tim Sue. He's a great fighter. World class, world champion. It's just uh the tiring inferno is that much better. Well, boxing, there's no offse. Fourth of July. What are you going to do? Fourth of July? I'm going to go work out on Christmas. What are you going to do? I'm going to work out. And you continue to work until you get that chance to fight for a championship belt. All these things can come last second. You know, with the last fight with Tim, too, we got that call 11 days before. Boxing opponents change all the time. Usually, it's not for the better, but this time it was. These opportunities come out of nowhere. You just have to be ready. Sebastian Fondura's hunger is unmistakable. It's fed by a family that lives and trains together with singular purpose. It's a pack mentality, equal parts devoted and dangerous. We got Samson and we got Keti. These guys are pretty good. Strong bite force. Got um Jill. She's ferocious. Jill. Yeah. She thinks she's a dog. That's Jill. She's tough. She's always listening. Then we have Maverick. That's my loaded gun. Maic, if I tell him to kill you, he'll kill you. Maverick, want to go to work? We all want the same thing. We all want to win. All want to be the champion, the best in the world. I would say every morning you got a chance and you got a choice. You know, there's no such thing as luck. It's what you make of it. I tell my dad the ones I hate are the good ones and I hate this one. Maybe it's just the want. I wanted more. I think just me being me. Tim's Tim. Sebastian's Sebastian. And I think Sebastian's better. just that Sebastian Fondora has never fit the mold of 154 pounder. In fact, he's the tallest current champion in all of boxing. That size advantage. It works. The 6 and 1/2t tall southpaw has consistently overpowered his opponents in the super welterweight division who seem to have no answer for his unique attributes. In the process, he's garnered 14 knockouts and unified championship belts. He's feeling it. What sets him apart runs in the family. From sister Gabriella, the youngest undisputed flyweight champion in the four belt era, to 10-year-old Fabiola, who's next in line. What she's doing right now is nothing new. We had these dreams since we were her age. So, boxing is always going to be a big thing in the Fedora family. We have like that dog in us, you know, and uh uh we just want to break someone apart. Last year we were the first siblings, brother and sister duo to become champions simultaneously. But the way I see it is like we worked hard for this. This was supposed to happen. This is for defending your title three times. It's real. I bid it a couple times and yeah, that's literally me. Looks just like me, too. See, I female fighter of the year. I got more than him this year. You trust her? Okay. Smudge her fingers on it. No. Well, you hold it like that. Hold it normal. You know, all her achievements, all her accomplishments are something we all get together because as we train together, we win together. So, it's something that we talked about since we were little. Now, it's it was once a dream, now it's a reality. And now we're just kind of basking in at the moment that all that the whole family worked for is now coming to fruition. I think it's going to be a knockout. But I think every fight of Sebastian is going to always end in a knockout. I was thinking of Mayweather Pacquiao and how they would get ready for the pay-per-view fights just watching on TV and thinking that I was going to be there one day, but you're thinking it's not really there yet. So, you believe in it, but you don't really believe in it cuz you're not there yet. And then, but while I was running today, I was like, "Dang, it's funny how time passes and how things go and you become that." I'm sure when this comes out, there's going to be kids watching and like, I can't wait to be in that position. You know, the cycle continues. I do want the Fondo name to be a household name. California, United States, Mexico, world champion. I want to be mentioned with all those things. Anytime anybody will mention the Philippines, they will mention Manny as if he's the president. That's how big he is. Boxing, the face of boxing, those are things that can happen. So, you know, you just have to continue with the plan and I think everything will work. Yeah, just grab me a glove, please. We're uncovering my year and a half ago trunks that are covered with blood and sweat that haven't left that uh that bag. I could smell it from here. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Can you guys smell it? Wow. Look at that, bro. Imagine if they were white. They're still soggy. That's crazy. Give this a little smell. Crazy, huh? Still got the the wraps again. They covered with blood as well. Hey, I'd like to get it framed. It was such a historic fight. Yeah, this rematch means I know it's the biggest fight of my career and I can feel it. Usually it's the next fight, next fight, but this is the this is the one. Bye-bye. There's no such thing as a straight path to the top. And you know, it's all about the story and what happens in between. Play hard, fight clean, touch them up. Coming off the Fura fight, Zoo wasn't himself when he returned to the ring. Jim Zoo back down under. But even in that low, he uncovered something stronger. I wasn't allowed to sleep that night with the concussion that I had. So, I was thinking I was thinking it really opened my eyes and make you appreciate life in many different ways. Yeah, I think marriage came from the fact that I lost. I found a good in a bad situation. It's a wedding day. Look a bit chubby there. You were happy, Tim. When I had that loss, people sort of leave you alone and you get to think about just the little things in life. Oh, dad's here and he's looking schmick as always. I was trying to get my dad to shadow box. You're such a competitive person. Everything you do is for this sport. The last 10 years have been only about this boxing, boxing, boxing. And yeah, I just found something good in in your personal life that you can celebrate love and marriage. Let's just get proof that I didn't cry. Yeah. So, it's a very good church. And now, the moment you've all been waiting for, the return of your soul taker, Tim [Music] Zoo. [Music] 4 months after getting married, Zoo stepped back into the ring with renewed clarity and delivered the kind of performance Australian fans know and love. flat footed and he's in trouble and it's all zoo. You know what? I was watching Benovas the day before. This time I was like, damn, Benvitas [Music] comes in and it's Sue from the ashes. There's a lot of boxers out there that have fought, but to experience that when the whole crowd is with you, the whole stadium when you've just knocked someone out, not many people get to feel that. I hope I teach people when [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hits the fan or the kid, you can always get back up and and rise to the top. I'm back, baby. I'm back. I've only got Pandora in my mind. [Music] I'm at that stage now, the hard grind, you know, just pushing myself and creating the right game plan to perfect come fight mode. I think I'm a bit more explosive. I think it's not just explosive, but I think the brains. I think he's very naturally gifted with what he's got. IQ wise, I think I'm a bit sharper. I'm just going to worry about what I do. I can only guarantee what I can do. I hope he comes in nice and healthy for this fight and we give the fans the fight that they've been waiting for. I'm going to go in there guns blazing and I'm going in there to hurt him. You're supposed to do that. And I hope that everything that he went through makes him that much better so we can give that fight to the fans. I get to study him, adapt to him, not just have a week of of sparring, being able to do a proper camp. As I said previously, he should have killed me when he had the chance. And here now, Tim Sue facing the tallest puzzle of his proionate career. When you have an opponent that tall, you have to try and adapt. He's got these arms that you think the punch is going to stop, but it just keeps extending. He's taking that jab away. But, uh, look, you have to adapt as a professional boxer to anyone punches in the sport. Oh, and that right hand popping from your head back like a dispenser. I felt in control of the first couple rounds. Random double right hand lands. And that's it, Sue. There it is. And with boxing, you know, things change so fast. I remember when he ran into my elbow. It was such a fast moment. Watch the left elbow. There it is. the left elbow, the forearm of fendor. Yeah, basically Zoo ran himself into that elbow by putting his head down. I felt the initial shock straight away. I touched my head and then uh I remember looking down and it just felt like a fountain was coming out, which was something never felt before. See, if if you look there, I'm I'm trying to look at the screen to be able to see what what the hell's going on. Just it wouldn't stop. And the corner where you have that minute to relax was chaos for me rather than peace. Oh wow. I'm going into the round and it's already all over my eyes. If you get a bit of water in your eyes, it's a little bit blurry, but blood's sticky and it's like red and it was like, "The hell's going on? I need to win this fight, but I got all this stuff. I need to keep doing this." And my opponent's still throwing punches. Oh, here comes with the upper comes another from trying to fight his way back into this fight. The whole fight I saw him looking into my eyes. I didn't think that cup was bothering at all. It wasn't him blind or closing his eyes. I can't see out of my eyes. He saw the whole thing the whole time. You know, it's like me. I'm bleeding from my nose. [Music] There's a couple times that the blood went into my eyes myself, but that's what we do in boxing. You bleed. really trying to take advantage of the situation. This is me doing stuff out of emotion and not with my brains and throwing stupid haymaker shots. I wasn't thinking about the fight or thinking how am I going to protect this thing. [Music] Doctor's like, "Can you see?" Of course you can see. I'm not going to be the type of guy says, "No, doctor, I can't see. If I say that, then the fight's going to be stopped. Then I lose." You're good. All right. We're going to let it go. Keep working on it. Okay. All right. Cool. Over here. The only way you're going to take me out of the ring is if you're going to kill me. I was ready to die in that ring and that's what kept me going. [Applause] I feel like I'm doing all right. Actually hitting him with some good shots and he kept taking it. He can definitely take it. You want to want to hit somebody or to get hit, [Music] you have to like it. Around the ninth round, my dad told me, "You've been bleeding your whole life. There's nothing new to you." We are being subjected to pockets of blood here in this unified title match. These two incredible fighters, 12 rounds, blood and guts warfare. King Su somehow managing to stay in the fight. He showed that he was a warrior. Tough guy. Very tough. But unfortunately in boxing. Being a tough guy is not going to get you the win. The winner, the towering infirmary, Sebastian Fora. A lot of people were telling my dad after the fight like that was like almost like inspirational. I didn't see it as inspirational. It just that's what we do. That's how you get to the bigger spots in the sport. Sebastian Fura on top of the world as the unified champion. And for Kim Su tasting defeat for the first time. I was not satisfied even though I made it through and all that. Come here to win. This is boxing, you know. That's what the people want to see. We're a bloody mess. The only thing that was missing was the knockout. We'll be going for this one for sure. One night can change everything. On July 19th, Sebastian Fondor and Tim Zoo will run it back to rewrite or repeat. And they're not the only ones settling unfinished business. A visceral display of courage, skill, and determination. Pitbull Cruz and Anhal Fiero will author the sequel to their action-packed battle. Then Manny Pacquiao returns for one more shot at glory against champion in his prime Mario Barios. History will be tested and made. Pack is back. Eight division champ Manny Pacquiao makes his triumphant return. In his way stands WBC champion Mario Bariosendary. Plus, Fondura versus Zoo 2 in an epic rematch. What a gutsy battle. And Pitbull runs it back against Angel Fier. Can you say fight of the year? It's a stacked night of hard-hitting title fights. Pacquiao versus Bario. Saturday, July 19th, live on PBC pay-per-view on Prime Video. [Music] I keep walking to the same fight. I've been fighting for a long time. I dance in the devil's arms. [Music] I'm feeling I'm feeling I'm feeling deadly. Are you ready for me? I'm legendary.