Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Good to be back here in Vegas. You cannot imagine that long time ago my first fight is in MGM. When I announced my retirement, I cry. I will never forget what I have done and accomplished in my life. [Music] Goodbye boxing. I started boxing when I was 12 years old, 11 years old. So that's non-stop. I think about it that it's good for me to to give my body rest. I able to rest for 4 years and now I'm back. The reason why I came back in boxing because I realized that I can still fight. [Music] I still have that passion. I still have that speed. I'm blessed by God. Feels good, man. Or what? Good. Feel good. Nice to be back. I feel happiness in my heart. uh that I can come back here for a fight in Vegas. Nice. I mean, that's what I want. In boxing, as in life, time is the undefeated champion. But every so often, someone fights back. [Music] Critics may question what a 46-year-old has left in the tank, but consider this. Manny Pacquiao has spent a lifetime doing the impossible. Fall down. From poverty to global icon, from boxer to senator, from flyweight to welterweight champion, the only man in history to win world titles in eight divisions, a feat that may never be matched. Worried about his age? He's already the oldest fighter ever to win a welterweight belt. And he did it by handing Keith Thurman his first ever loss. He was just inducted into the boxing hall of fame. And yet here he is, still active, still chasing gold. So ask yourself, why would anyone doubt Manny Pacquiao? Because on July 19th, a dangerous young champion stands across the ring. Mario Barios is no stepping stone, no farewell to her opponent. He's a fighter in his prime. Sharp, hungry, and fueled by family, culture, and perhaps the greatest ally of all. Father Time. He's a legend. He's fought everybody, but at the end of the day, man, he's just a man. And on the same night, another battle bruise. A rematch of last year's bloodiest war. Tim Zoo, carrying the weight of a legendary last name, saw his rise nearly derailed by a late replacement. Sebastian Fondura, a 6'6 puzzle of limbs and punishment, opened a gash that changed the fight and altered Zoo's path. Now Zoo returns to Vegas not just to win, but to restore his place among the elite. Pacquiao's barriers at the MGM Grand. This is something that you dream as a young kid, you know, taking this opportunity with both hands. And I can't wait. Bondor, the towering inferno who blazed through the 154-lb division with violence and reach. He's not coming to box. He's coming to destroy. Some fights are for titles. Some are for revenge. But the best ones are for the fire that refuses to die. [Music] We have the eighth division world champion, the first ballot hall of famer. Welcome back to professional prize fighting the great Manny Pacquiao. Ladies and gentlemen, [Music] you're about to meet Manny Pacquiao for the first time. I mean, tell me about that. That's got to be Come on, man. He's got to meet me. The world is wondering you're coming back. Why? It's uh my my body is like I I feel like young. I feel like young. I mean uh you can see um like I said, I always bring uh surprises to the fans. This is a huge fight. You know, easily, you know, it could be fight of the year. This is my moment. Uh, like I said, I'm defending my title against a legend and um, you know, I couldn't have been um, you know, more more honored to all the fans all over the world like I'm back. Danny, long layoff. You could have come back probably against anybody. Why pick out the champion in the division to make this historic return? I believe with fighting with Bario, we can give a good fight and we can entertain the fans. I mean, uh, that's pretty sure because Bario is a good fighter also. Oh, he's a champion. They say follow your heart. For Manny Pacquiao, it still beats for war. The gloves, the roar, the fight. Because no matter what the calendar says, he doesn't feel old. Not yet. I want to be forever young. Forever young. I want to be forever young. Hey hey [Music] stay forever. [Music] Stay forever. [Applause] forever. Come back to uh LA to train like flashing back all the memories. Reporting. Reporting my old friends in LA. Very happy. sit back promotion and exciting camera. This victory is very important because this is a very good inspiration for the young kids. Not only to all the boxers but also to the people who have dreamed. Even though I'm 46, if you're still dreaming in your life, you can make it. Few things resonate more deeply than watching someone defy the odds and triumph. For many fans, and especially for Filipinos, Manny Pacquiao embodies hope, pride, and the possibility of rising above it all. It's no wonder that wherever he goes, crowds follow, hoping to catch even a glimpse of a man. They don't just cheer for they believe it. That's my inspiration. Give a good entertainment to the fans. Every fight I always consider that it's going to be a fight of to not running running around like that. Fight is a fight. You have to be ready. You have to be 100% condition your stamina. I'm high and this is the best. Yeah. We If you want to understand Pacquiao's influence, don't count the belts. Count the silence. When he fights, the entire Philippines grinds to a halt. Even crime stops. I got this done before the Mosley fight. Initially, uh I saw it was a Bruce Lee tattoo, but I changed it up to for Annie. So, can I take a picture with you, man? One month. One month. Oh, you Thank you, man. I brought my baby here because she has to meet Manny Pacquiao. Come on, man. He's a legend. He's the goat. is one of the best. Amigo 101. I met you before. 101. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Now, how old are you now? 101. Wow. Good to see you. Good to see you. I still drive. I have take no medications. Wow. And my wife beats me often. Thank you very much. This kind of devotion isn't given. Thank you. It's earned over time, over eras, fight by fight. What a fighter. That's my professional debut. 1995, my first time when I was young. Back then until now. The journey is not that easy. I experienced a lot of hardship in life. When I started with poor like we have nothing uh nobody support me but I always bring surprises since the beginning. Manny Pacman. In 2001 a young Manny Pacquiao was vacationing in the United States. Mid-trip he got the call. a late replacement shot at IBF Super Banttom Champion Leelo Lewaba. I told them that yeah, I can fight. Virtually unknown, barely mentioned. Six rounds later, he owned Leed Waba's belt. You know, blessings from God. That's what we talking about. Our intention when we're here is not to look for a fight, just to have a vacation. That lucky opportunity led directly to Manny rampaging through the Super Bantoms, after which he set his sights on bigger names in bigger divisions. First came Mexican legend Marco Antonio Barrera at featherweight, then Juan Manuel Marquez, then Eric Morales at Super Feather, and Oscar De La Hoya at boxing's gloried welterweight. Patton was flattened in two rounds and his super lightweight title taken with him. Cotto Mosley each swept aside by a storm they couldn't weather. Eight divisions, 12 world titles, no blueprint, no equal. As a kid, these were the ones like I was like I didn't even understand boxing like fully. I just knew it was like war. Manny had been in so many of those type of fights. Like it was it's nothing new to him. And when Manny steps in the ring, like you know what you know what he brings. You know what what he's capable of. Manny's fighting me for for my title. I think it would feel like out of pressure if I was if I was fighting him for his title. But because like I mean I'm I'm defending my title. like I know I mean I know where I'm at. You have to look at it like that cuz then if just constantly like oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm I'm fighting Manny like I'm fighting Manny. I think that's when it start get you when they call him the like executioner for a long time. See, I know like I mean already like as like a like a proud like Mexican like as a proud like brown kid like there is like a lot of people that are are like rooting and behind me just just for that fact that he has like that reputation of you know like taking out a lot of like like Mexican fighters. Um so yeah, it's just like it's going to add just like some more sweetness like on top of this win. Five, four, 3, two, one. Here we go. Good work. Let's go. Push it. Push it. Push it. I feel like I've definitely been underestimated in my career. Get stronger as you finish. Get stronger as you finish. Nice work. Come on, Mario. Let's attack it. That's not something that has bothered me much. I've never had a problem. Not necessarily like trying to prove people wrong. It kind of just happens that way. Three, two, one. Take a deep breath. Cover. Right back at it. Always step in there with bad intentions. Max it out. There we go. That's the speed we're looking for right there. 10 seconds. Come on, Mario. Everything you got, bro. Hold back. Last one. Bring us home, man. Bring us home. I think I for sure got that dog in me cuz uh I don't shy away from a firefight. [Music] [Applause] There we go. [Music] Pull up the squad is deep. We action boy. [Music] Mario Bario stands at a crossroads. Beat a legend or lose to a 46-year-old. There may be glory in this task, but there's no shortage of risk. Why am I doing this? Why didn't I stay in school? days and workouts like that, they push you to a mental where you really have to question like why am I doing this? For me, a couple reasons. For myself, I've been in boxing since I was six. I have love love for this game. Some fighters podcast for example. I think that's what that's what that's what it is. You just have just have love for the sport. You can't you can't get enough of it. This [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sucks. have a have a lovehate relationship with this guy. But everything just it comes together like like a puzzle on fight night. [Music] [Applause] When Manny Pacquiao turned pro, Barios was just 4 months old. Now he's 30, 6 feet tall, and the WBC welterweight champion of the world. Barios, a proud Mexican American, Barios knows exactly what's on the line. The executioner is coming out of retirement and he wants Barios's belt. It was kind of cool and I was surprised that he even knew like knew who I was and then it's like, oh, like he wants to come back out of retirement and he wants to fight you for your title. That's when it was like, okay, like I don't know if that's if that's an insult or if that's a compliment. Winning this fight, it's going to mean everything. you know, not many people have been in there with Manny and have come out, you know, victorious. Y'all are going to see why I'm I'm the champion in the first place. This like the kind of thing that, you know, you you dream of as a as a young fighter. I'm going to tell you guys something. I did a lot of camps with Manny Pacquiao and they used to say it's Pacquiao time. That's what they used to say every time you come into in wild card. It's Pacquiao time. Not this time. It's all Tekker time. Former trainer of the year, Bob Santos, feels there's a real sense of momentum in Barios's camp. Barios is focused on turning experience into evolution. He's known for delivering action-packed fights, and every round of his career has taught him something. When I fought Amandal for the WBA, we gave each other a beating afterwards. I was in the ER. I was pissing blood. That was the first time I ever had a panic attack. I won the fight, but physically it didn't feel like I won. Some fights take a lot more from us than we realize. I mean, when the fight with Tank was brought up to me, I knew on a on a boxing level I could compete with him. I have boxing IQ. So, I was able to show that against somebody like him. It's just something I'm I'm very proud of. Yeah, I lost that one, but I showed that I belong at that level. I knew I was going to be able to like like bounce back from it even, you know, stronger and smarter. I'm proud. You know, it's been it's been a long journey. [Music] The walls of the Wildcard gym are lined with memories. Moments frozen in time. Echoes of a bygone era. But that past isn't finished. Not if Manny Pacquiao has anything to say about it. The power, the speed is still there, the fire in my eyes. I can say I'm back. The gym is no longer a museum of what was. With his return, it becomes a stage for what can still be. But time does change things. Manny's not here alone. He's here with his son, Jim Well. No longer a kid on the sidelines, now a fighter sharing the same card as his father. And then there's Freddy. Freddy Roach back in Manny's corner just like always. Two legends, one more ride. [Music] This is the story of men who refuse to let time define them, who won't be told when it's over. Nice [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Okay. Eight is just number. Age is just number. You can do it. Because for Manny Pacquiao, boxing isn't just a sport. It's his life. [Music] Sacrifices, right? Sacrifice, sacrifice, hard work, hard work. And for Mario Barios, it's the same. He's poured everything into this. [Applause] [Music] For a young fighter, his road has been long, and through the ups and downs, he's found love and support from his family, strength from his ancestors. This fight isn't just about a belt. It's about identity, legacy, the fight to hold on to what still matters. On July 19th, they step into the ring to carve one more memory onto their gym walls. Time has given them perspective. It's taught them that winning isn't the only kind of joy. And maybe more fighters need to hear this. Losing doesn't mean it's the end. It's good to experience losses in life, not only in boxing, but in real life. Like sometimes we fail, sometimes we succeed, but uh good thing for us because we know how to humble ourselves. That's the most important thing cuz at the end of the day, uh we're just passing by in this world. We're not forever here in this world. So, it's better to be humble. Pack is back. Eight division champ Manny Pacquiao makes his triumphant return. In his way stands WBC champion Mario Barios. Legendary. Plus, Fondora versus Zoo 2 in an epic rematch. What a gutsy battle. And Pitbull runs it back against Angel Fier. Can you say fight of the year? It's a stacked night of hard-hitting title fights. Pacquiao versus Barios. Saturday, July 19th. Live on PBC pay-per-view on Prime Video. [Music] I keep walking [Music] for a long time. I dance in the devil's arms. [Music] I'm feeling feeling deadly. Are you ready for me? I'm legendary.