Kind: captions Language: en [Applause] ladi [Music] New The proud Warrior of Guadalajara Jalisco Mexico Canelo Alvarez [Music] ining It's Not Just skill and strategy that Defines a Battle sometimes It's the smoldering flames of Bad Blood I'm excited now have compassion for him he needs 20 like him to give me a little from that raw tension something that seems Impossible can manifest in an Instant at the end of the day He's going in there to try to take my life and I got to do the same and we're Not Going To end up like that [ __ ] over there I got knocked [Applause] out I'm I'm going to take him for you I prize you on September 14th One Fighter stands to defend his Legacy the other Will look to cement his [Music] CR yo Cano is Mexico want to [ __ ] You Up but now he stands Against Edgar berlanga the chosen one from New York streets with F of dynamite and a Heart On Fire work hard for bera this is More Than a Fight It's A promise written in blood to see his destiny. That's what put him to sleep. Canelo, you have accomplished pretty much everything in the sport. What keeps you motivated? Why risk harm against a relentless predator? You don't just want to make me laugh. Why risk legacy against a rising star? I want to see that. I want to see that because this is King Can. Let's go. [Music] With my team, we chose Verlanga because we believe this fight is very good for the fans. The press conference got a little heated, and Verlanga talked a lot about how he comes. I know he's coming to win with a winning mentality. I've always respected Puerto Ricans, especially Miguel Ángel Coto, whom I fought in 2015, which was an honor for me. And I'm very sorry because his compatriot is going to lose. [Music] I've always given them my best. I've fought the best in the world throughout my career. The people who have really been there know, and those who haven't know too. He knows better than to accept any fight. It's not easy in the position I 'm in, because I don't want to let it go. I've fought to get where I am, because he faced a very difficult hurdle to overcome. You're going to see something very good on September 14th. I know he's a strong fighter, and that's what I'm preparing for, to finish him by knockout in this fight. I do n't know, but no more than 0o. [Music] Work, discipline, dedication, September 14th. It's your time, baby, time to shock the world. Take [ Music] over. He likes when people respect him. He feels like they're his dog, you know, like, yeah. I'm the guy. That's getting you paid. He's a guy. That's cocky. He's arrogant, you know, and he's smiling in my face. I was like, "[ __ ] you, you want to smile in my face?" I'm smiling in your face. [Music] Too we from, we don't respect. Big homies, I don't care. He got all those titles. I'm not going to give you respect. You know what I'm saying, ' cause I want your spot, you already made. your Plays in boxing you know what I'm saying and Everybody knows it everybody's tired of him coming with the same same Stuff want to see something different they want they want to bring that flid Energy Back you know not saying that I'm Floyd But I'm I'm a guy that people want to turn on the tv just to see me you know what I'm saying like right now Amazon Prime is going to be on [ __ ] fire once this video goes out you know they're Going To want to see belanga regardless of Whatever they say they Talk most [ __ ] they are going to say Whatever they are going to pay to see me either Win or lose And I don't care as long As you Pay to watch me It is what it is Man I got to go out there And I got to do my job And I got to Win in Fashion and look good you know and That's My Main goal I want the whole world To Know Who belanga is minute Dr it for Edgar berlanga Destiny isn't Random but something you call Upon something You manifest Calling himself chosen Not Just part of the St He's the it you know I don't want this to be a one Wonder you know what I'm saying I get My First Shot and like oh yeah I fought all right Fight But You know he Lost Now That's not Our game plan you know I know that He's a guy that has a lot of experience you know so I got to be on my My a game that you know I can't slip up I can't make mistakes I want to be that mega Star I'm from New York I'm Puerto Rican like I'm handsome And I fight I got Everything on I want to become a Legend Man in the Sport And I just want to take Over The World Man I just I want to take Over The World It's Not Just bravado it is a Mission statement the unmistakable Drive that propelled berlanga To This Fight at the pinnacle was evident from his Pro Debut he didn't Just Step into the ring he exploded onto the Scene One devastating Punch at a 16 fights First round knocks each a stat about the future of the all these fights That I was catching these First r literally like you go put a brick Wall in front of Me And I'll break that [ __ ] down like I'll keep punching it and I'll break It Down I don't have to have the big muscles I don't have to have Crazy sixpack I'm actually gifted I'm just strong Puerto Rico la casa puñeta September 14 up world champion He's the Pride ofa The mexican maestro The unified Super middleweight Champion of the world Canelo his Challenger and defeated knockout artist and PR Puerto Rico Edgar Beranga It's Prime Time Canelo versus berlanga Plus Laura versus Garcia Saturday September 14th Live on pbc pay-per-view on Prime video know don't know about me Don't really know Nothing about me [Music] Let know about the paper in the B