Kind: captions Language: en All right, San Antonio. It is great to be here in the Alamo City. He's a man they call Pit Bull. The always exciting is on Pit Bull Cru Jr. The name fits. Short, stout, built like pure trouble. Esock Cruz fights with a relentless forward march. The kind of pressure that made Mexican boxing a global language. The people who listen to the music at the pay-per-view in the arena will witness the creation of a new Mexican star, and that Sac Cruz will be a worthy Mexican representative. WBA super featherweight champion of the world L Roach Jr. A different tempo, quiet, composed, a workman's calm in a world of noise threw a fighter indeed. They call him the Reaper, not for what he says, but for what he takes. The right hand another right left by going shot from Lam Roach Lamont Roach Jr. has his own plans. He's aiming to leave his mark across multiple divisions. This fight with Pit Bull and Lam Roach is truly a 5050 fight. Bring old school boxing back. We're going to have a great fight, a great night where the people are rooting for the winner, and from here P Cruz begins to write his story so he can make his legacy. Their paths weren't meant to intercept until this moment. When they do, the result promises to be as violent as it is defining. My times of day are very specific. We start at 4 in the morning, to make the most of the whole day, because the days are long and we finish [music] training at 2 or 3 in the afternoon so we can also spend a little time [music] with my wife and my children. What I do well is [music] dedicate myself to my wife, my children, and all the people who support me every night, in every fight. Do you want pie? The foot, the foot, the foot, [music] well my children understand that when I am at these points, well even though [music] as much as they and I want to be together, well it can't be done, because now a day of not training, a day of not going for a run, a day of losing the diet, well it is fundamental [music] in us. [music] This fight is the turning point. Yes, we know about Roach's physical and mental capabilities, what he has mastered, and what he can master. It's a big fight, but at the end of the day, a new Mexican star will be born on December 6th. for him. He was wearing gloves almost as soon as he could walk. His first big break came in 2021 when he stepped in as a late replacement against Giovante Tank Davis. It was a massive stage for the young Mexican contender and he made the most of them pushing one of boxing's biggest stars for 12 hard rounds. On paper, it was a loss. In reality, it announced Pit Bull as a Mexican star in the making. A couple of years later came his Marque win, a pay-per-view co-headliner against heavyhanded Rolando Rolly Romero. The lead-up was ugly. Against Rolly we had the opportunity of a lifetime on the day of the fight, so we didn't wait any longer to settle the score for everything he had been saying and expressing. A lot of people thought I lost that fight. He just got hit. He just got rocked by Cru. Cruise looking to drop Romel here in the Rome's on for eight straight rounds. Pit bull unleashed explosive haymakers. Each one meant to convey a message. You remember had a picture on a going to go to the body like it's filled with tonight. In the end, the boxing world got exactly what it craves. An all action fight packed with heart. We were calm, we know what we are, what we are capable of and what we can be inside and my desire to want to be better is what will get me ahead. I shouldn't be paying for these. Not many K I b my life. Come on, man. But these Reaper jumps, I had to get them. A Reaper doesn't knock. He shows up ready to collect. Let's get that work done. And while basketball might offer a lighthearted escape from the grind of camp, make no mistake. Lamant Roads Jr. is dead serious about the job ahead. But his style has always been to smile through the storm. I want to smoke like I'm competitive. That's the thing. I want to be the best. [laughs] What I want to do my career is take on guys that they probably think that I won't be a match. They be like, "Oh, I do n't know if he's going to be able to do this." Like, that's what I like. Get that shot with the dog. The dog catch [laughs] summer yes man. My boy about to go to work man. [ __ ], man. Get that victory. The fight against Pit Bull is the latest fuel to a [music] fire this driven Lamont Roach Jr. Since the amateurs. Trained by his father since early days, the Reaper has risen step by step to his current reign as super featherway champion. Champion J. Along the way, he's proven himself a fighter whose agility isn't just physical, but tactical. Unbound by weight class, Roach is entering his fourth consecutive title fight in three different divisions. I've always been the same [music] confident person. I'm not overconfident. I'm not cocky. I just I do my work and I believe in my work. I'm always going to believe in my work. The Reaper put his belief to the test last March under the brightest spotlight when he faced undefeated superstar Tank Davis for the lightweight title. I have put fit in a lot of other people. So they already lost [music] the battle like before they got but it's just ready to take over like make round number first couple rounds. [ __ ] I thought I was in control. Roach was far from the favorite that night, but he gave Tank unexpected trouble. [music] As the middle rounds come, like she starts to open up a little bit and it was like, now it's time to party. Like this what I've been waiting for. 7 to 12 straight, but he was hurt. Roach is having moments here, guys. I hit him with a jab. backed up. Look at the R backed up again. Took a knee. Which Steve really started counting, but he stopped the count. What was he doing after he got up off his knee and went to the corner, got his eye wiped out? It's got to be What in the world is happening? Let me know when you're doing something. Yeah, but you took a listen to me. You take I understand you take a knee like that. That looks like a he stops and tells him, "Hey, you can't do that. It looks like a [music] knockd. It is a knockdown, bro. What don't you get? Like the rules are the rules. If that's a knockdown, that's a knockdown. How does that happen if that knockdown were to count it or one? The decision is a majority drawn. That bobs me out of a championship in a new division. I was pissed. [music] Like that's what I just feel like I shouldn't have lost. But can't crow with spill milk. Nobody's [música] going to be able to deny that this guy is a talent. This guy is a fighter. And in the ring, he's exciting. We did what we had to do our last fight to get to that point. Now it's time to push for throttle. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Keep going. Keep going. Keep going. It's the pain that like actually drives you. It's just like it's like this is what I got to toughen up to make sure fight night goes as smooth as possible. Are we good? Let's go. There you go. There you go. We don't know B is like a super lonely sport. When you're in the ring, it's just you. Nobody else taking punches for you. Ain't nobody else feeling that pain. I want my on my name. I want to be known as one of those guys who were a multidision world champ, like a unified [music] champion, stuff like that. I want that on my name. I want to be able to write my name in the history book. Roach may be moving up to 140 to face Pit Bull, but the step up is strategic, not permanent. Our objective is not to necessarily become a 140 fighter. I'm flexible enough to do both. If I'm able to become a champion at 140, become a champion at 135, that be threeway classes for me. I want to eventually climb up that pound for pound list. Like, that's a goal of mine. That's why I want to be recognized as one of the best panelists in the world. That's why this fight is super, super important because without this, you can't move, you can't advance with the plans that we have. You know, this is a major step. This is a super major step. It's easy to talk to fans, but when they see a pit bull face to face, they very rarely rise to the challenge. What we have planned for Lom Roach is to fight him at the pace he wants to fight. If he wants to go out dancing, then we'll go out dancing. If he wants to go out fighting, then we'll go out fighting because we're always going to entertain the people. We're going to see Isaac and Pitbull Cruz crowned and established as the WBC 140-pound champion. It's Pitbull Cruise, ferocious, fierce, all bite. Get out the Reaper, Roach. Patient, precise, deadly. This isn't a battle, it's a war. This is plus champions. Collide as Laura faces Johnny back in a battle for all the belts. Fitb versus Roach. December water mana. Deliver me, Lord, from still waters, deliver me, Lord, from still waters, deliver me, Lord, for I'll take care of the talking. Today nothing is spared , neither chubby nor underage. The good for the house and I'll take the bad. A parent at the disco and they leave, an anonymous alcoholic, flisco from the disco for my camera, the compo what I know today I don't complicate things, the disco for my camera, the compo C.