Kind: captions Language: en Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the MGM Grand Garden Arena as Premier Boxing Champions presents our fight card this evening. It is brought to you by Bomb Squad Promotions, TGB Promotions, Mayweather Promotions, and Fox Sports. It is sponsored by MGM Resorts and Brooklyn Boxing. This first bout will be eight rounds in the super featherweight division. Introducing first in the red corner, wearing the black with the pink and turquoise trim. He weighed in at 129 12 lbs. His record stands eight victories including seven by knockout opposite of two defeats and one draw out of Miami, Florida. Presenting Daniel recipe. [Applause] and his opponent across the ring in the blue corner wearing the orange and black trunks. He weighed in at 130 lbs. His record stands a perfect 11 victories, four by knockout and no defeats out of Huntington Park, California. Presenting Jose Manuel Gomez. Thanks a lot. [Music] Okay. Get out. [Music] Well, hello everybody and welcome to the untelvised bouts here for this Wilder versus Ortiz 2 Fox pay-per-view as we see the kickoff bout for tonight. Daniel Placeres and Jose Manuel Gomez about to touch gloves and start on the line, gentlemen. It's going to be a fair punch. I can see both your neighbors. Obey my command. Touch them [Applause] up. So, both fighters are now gloved up and ready to go here at the MGM Grand where later tonight Deontay Wilder and Luis Ortiz will rematch on Fox pay-per-view. A lot of action set for you to watch, not only here on this stream, but as well on FS2 that leads up to tonight's action. Marcos Vie is here with Felix De Jesus. Round one of an eight rounder in the super featherweight division, Gomez versus Placeres. This is actually the first fight in 17 months for Jose Manuel Gomez, who began his career with five consecutive decision wins. Has scored all four knockouts in his career in his last six bouts. He's looking to add to that, but also get some ring rost off. Good pace being started by both fighters. Active with the jab. Sneaky hook there by Gomez. [Applause] Let's see if Gomez can go in for the kill here. He scored a knockdown just now, Felix. Well, thanks for the introduction, Marcus. I'm back here with you guys. Thanks, Matt. Thanks, Mark. And uh we just getting started right here. The favorite is Gao Kiko Martinez. lookalike here in Placeres, a veteran. So, let's see what happens in this fight. Southpaw stance, his uh Placeris, he looks good so far, though. He has his legs uh beneath him. Usually when a fighter's hurt, the legs are a little shaky. He looks uh pretty good there as he lands an overhand. Gomez is a good combination fighter. Let's see what he has to offer. A great left hook and of course a prize fighter here. Leo Santa Cruz father represents him. Good action back and forth between Gomez and Placeres. Gome is very active throwing a a lot of volume in his punches. Feel that might have been a flash knockdown. Placeris seems to have got his bearings beneath him. Felix, yes, he's uh he's not fared well the last four fights, but was a prospect a couple of years ago. like you mentioned in his corner, the father of Leo Santa Cruz who fights later on tonight in the com event. Good combination there from Pluryus. It's a nice little warm-up for PBC on Fox. Four great fights coming up. Good combinations there. Now, if you're training in that Santa Cruz camp, Felix, the one thing that they do well over there is they they spar their fighters a lot and they always come in shape. You could tell that uh just by the volume of Gao Gomez uh that he he's very well prepared for this fight despite the layoff. Yes, the punches come in bunches and uh we see Gomez doing that in this first round. 10 seconds left in this round number one. Gomez scoring the early knockdown. But placeris able to survive, hold him off. It's a good little run for Gomez, huh? No, definitely. He started boxing at the age of eight. Uh his father got him into the uh gym as we see how that flash knockout came about. A nice little quick right down. Yeah, he didn't even get warmed up and he's already hitting the canvas. Was a nice shot there. Boom right there. And it wasn't really even flush on the chin, but it it it got him there. Yeah. So, the kid has power. Let's see if he can keep demonstrating here against uh Placetes, the um Cuban fighter out of Miami. He's getting yelled at by his corner right now. Wants him to let his hands go. Just pumping him up. So, you like like you said though, he works the body well in regards to Jose Manuel Gomez. Um and he'll press the action. He's not going to be sitting waiting from the distance. He's going to go right on top of uh Placedes in this first fight. A little Vaseline there. He might have gotten [Music] caught. We get round number two. Gomez ahead early with the knockdown in the first round. Evenly matched in terms of pro experience both these fighters, Felix. Yes, the age is a factor here. 31 for Placetus. 23. He's a baby. Gao the rooster in English. He just switched to southpaw trying to confuse Placeris. Good combination there. He's been really active with his jab. Has Gomez, [Applause] digging to the body there. Gome is doing quality work now. Throws a jab. Follows it up with a a hook and jab. A one, two. Gomez is responding. [Applause] Ler started a little late in boxing after high school. He uh used to like basketball like his older brother. I guess he didn't have the size for it. Good pace being set by both fighters. Though has been the aggressor lens four punch combination follows it up with a one-two continues both fighters exchanging. like that. It's that pressure we talked about. [Applause] All Santa Cruz fighters are like that. I like how he's been active with that jab. It's setting up a lot of these combinations. And he's coming forward. Usually, you know, some fighters will come forward, won't throw a jab. So, Gomez doing a very good thing there, walking forward, but throwing the jab as well. Taking the body just now. Might have been a little low there. [Music] This is an eighth round. I don't think Placeres could go eight rounds like this at this pace. Yeah, it's a really high pace being fought. But it's actually Gomez that's throwing more. Placeris answers back with the two punch combination of the body. Gets caught just now though. Gomez all over him. Placeris has to get out of the ropes. Oh exchange by both fighters. Here we go. One of those punches stunned at Elao there. The rooster as he continues to press forward. Has placeras on his back foot. Has to hold. Has to be smart here. He has 30 seconds. Still a lot of time left in the round. And he does well inside. Does Places and a veteran. He'll hold on when he's hurt. Nice exchange. We usually don't see that this early in a bout. is just sitting on all these punches, just putting all his weight behind it. They're claiming uh that they're hitting behind the net. Digging body shots from Gomez. Follows it up and down goes. You call it that one. You can see the pain in Placeris's [Applause] face. He's going to make the count, but it's saved by the bell. You see he yells right there. He's frustrated. He's been down two times in the first round and the second round as we take a look back at the action in round number two, Felix. Yeah, he just unloaded right there. Placer is fighting back and this this is the exchange where um Placetes tried to to fight back. It's just this kid has a little more power than Placer is right now and at this point in his career. So, here we go. This is uh at the same speed that we saw it live. He just went all over and placer is just trying to hang on there, but he did get him with a couple of uh nice little hooks there. Send him there. Yeah. So, uh he did get a little taste and then at the end it was just too much for Placeres. He started working the body and down went Placeres for the count. He sets it up with the jab. Digs. Oh, again. Boom. Switched it on both sides. Yeah, there's no exercise you can do for that lever shot. So, I don't think Placeris has the firepower to keep Gomez off of him. Yeah, that's the thing. As we begin round number three, Jose Manuel Gomez well ahead in this fight after two rounds scoring knockdowns in round number one and round number two. See if he continues the the assault to the body. Placeris has to know he has a deep hole he's dug himself in. He's going to need something big to get back into this fight. One time during his layoff went up to 196 lbs. He's back to uh his normal weight, but uh that's a lot to take off in a year. Gome is doing a smart thing. He continues to digger the body as we saw just a few moments ago. He's changing levels. Digs at the body again. Placeris complaining that it was a kidney shot. It's a big fight for Placeres again. He's two and two in his last four. He needs a victory here against Gomez is going to be very, very difficult. Yeah, he just seems that he doesn't have enough mustard on his punches to keep Gomez off of him or at least second guessess the punches that he does throw. Here comes Baceris, [Applause] though. Gomez has now been professional for almost 5 years. Still only 23 years old. 11 and0 with four knockouts. Looking for number five. Placer has slowed down a bit. Those shots are really starting to take effect. Yeah, he's putting water in the basement. Knows it's an eight round fight eventually. If Placeris is able to make it to round six, seven or eight, but effective. Down goes again. The third time in this fight. Peristo. [Applause] It's not going to be an eight rounder. [Applause] He has a cut over the eye. He's been down three times. Let's see if Gomez can finish off Placeres. [Applause] Skid has really put on a show here. 30 seconds left in this round number three. Felix, this is a warm-up fight. We're set for a great night here at the MGM. They're more than warmed up. Com is on a roll right now. [Music] See try to to hold. Yeah, go said none of that. Let me get out of here. Like how Gio's been switching his stances. He'll go from orthodox to southpaw, giving Paceris different looks. Could be confusing for a fighter if you're preparing for an orthodox and then he switches to southpaw. It's the end of round number three comes to a close. Gomez up big Felix. Oh, definitely uh as we see here some of the action um stayed from the outside and just clipped him with that right. He wasn't expecting that placeras again. Then with the left, what a combination. One, two, and down goes Placeris. Yeah. So, uh, this kid right now. No, we're done. Just hear from the corner. We're done. Is it over? It's over. The ref has waved it off. Yes. Good decision by his corner. Manuel Gomez improving his record now to 12-0. This kid was just taking a beating. Placeres. Yeah, he was. Thank you, man. As you hear right there, he said it in a different language or a language we can't get out there, but he's getting beat up. He was getting beat up and for Gomez, it's a big victory. It was a wise decision from his corner. Yeah. So, he's stepping up. There we go. Uh the Santa Cruz family congratulating Jose Manuel Gomez who moves up and this could be a good night for Santa Cruz father. We all know he's battling uh cancer and this uh will definitely start the night uh off for him in a in a good note. Yeah, the fifth knockout of Gomez's career. Seemed like he didn't have any rust at all for a 17-month layoff. No, I mean if that's the rust he's going to show for the rest of his career, God bless him. He's uh he's going to do well. Good sportsmanship being shown by Daniel Placeris who now drops to 83 and one. from the 305. Miami just didn't have enough firepower and just was overwhelmed by the volume. I mean, look at his face. He got battered in three rounds. He did. I mean, it was an allout assault here by Jose Manuel Gomez and he takes home the victory now here at MGM. We're getting started. Uh Wilder Ortiz, second fight. Anything can happen in that fight. That's going to be the biggie. Yeah, it's a big what if in that fight. Here we go. Oh, it's not only Wow, he has No, that's a cut there. A mouse. Going through the airport tomorrow. They're going to know that he was in a fight. Ah, he'll wear his stunner shades under the shade, but they'll still say, "Wait a minute, you're a boxer. Something happened to you." He'll have his sunglasses on. [Applause] [Music] Uh, ladies and gentlemen, the end comes at the end of round number three due to a corner stoppage. Therefore, your winner by TKO and still undefeated, Jose Manuel Gomez. [Music] [Applause]