Kind: captions Language: en And these are the numbers on this heavyweight rematch. Gratch is the bigger man, but everything goes out the window. Any final questions, Bull? Let's get it on, boys. RIP in. It is time to do it again. 501 days after their epic first encounter, it is time for beautiful brutality at heavyweight in our co-main events. Raj beat Taliba are the rematch. That's a good shot around the back of the head from Granch. It was his left hook and it just just drifts backwards here. Does Taliva he'll try and counter when Gr comes to him out does exactly that and then it is the left hook of Grch that gets to on the break and he goes to the body as well. Better moments for the ball. Brandon Gratch Gratch has a he's got an educated jab. He's just not using it. You know that jab right there goes to the body. Why not two or three more of those? Down he goes. I think that was a slip. Well, it's called a punch. Good time to do it. But this was a hook right here. It lands on the top of the head. Things will open up here, I believe, because as expected, you got to get that back, you know. Now, here he goes. The bull is angry. He's baiting him in now. At this point he knows he can counter punch Gratch. He's just baiting him in. He has a knockdown and he's looking for a knockout. He's Taliva are here in three. Gratch tries to work on the inside. Taliva are just waiting on his shot and he comes as Gratch goes and this is still so delicately poised. [Applause] [Music] Not much output from Gratch here. Then he throws one and he sends the mouthpiece out. Now he gets on the chase. Gratch as if invited. So we've found our way into the second half of this fight. Not many expected us to be this far. Oh, he's out. Oh, he's gone. He's out. He's gone. Grud goes down and doesn't know where he is. Taliba a he's poised for sweet revenge here in Newcastle. The ball is wobbly and Taliba will try to finish him. Don't do it again. Big shots and it's over. It is revenge. Talib. He gets his moment. He gets his man uh admit about the fact that Gratz got lucky. Jeez, it's a good shot. He set it up perfectly and then it was the power left hand that Rock that set that up and it was a left hand that set all that up, you know, but then it's only a matter of time at this point. Brush just was not recovered enough to try to go back in there. You got to know smart. You got to be smart. You got to know when to pick your battles. Tonight was not the time for Gr to get back in there and try to go blow for blow with a very determined Talib of your winner red corner. This is God's son, Liam Taliva.