Kind: captions Language: en TKO victory over the previously undefeated Omar Valenuela. Still to come in the main event, of course. And coming up next, a middleweight. We went over the rules in the dressing room. All punches here will be good. All punches here will be good. Obey my commands. Give me a good clean fight. Touch them up. Scoot back. Hernandez brings suffocating volume and heavy artillery. While Davis, he offers sharp but lower volume precision. the X factor. Whether Davis can weather the storm and counter effectively or Fernandez's power punching blitz will break through his defenses. The bell and round number one. Yeah, David David needs to let that hang go. That jab. There it is. Set up everything. And that's his best punch for Davis is that right hand uses it as a lead. But Hernandez the combinations and dropping Kiron Davis here in the second round. Davis has only been down once and it was a loss at middleweight to Junior Castillo in April of 2016. See the replay on how that knock down happened. It was a barrage of punch as he opened up the guard. He landed the one two the jab that really dropped him at. Yeah, power jab. It was a couple of body shots, hooks, opened up the guard of Davis, and it was a powerful jab by Hernandez to set up a punch. But that jab itself for Hernandez is a weapon. Definitely hard shot. Nice right hand, too. Round number five. And Davis coming out with the jab, trying to be more aggressive, but Hernandez keeping a map at bay. body shots, the uppercuts, the stiff jab, and it's Hernandez who's able to put together combinations at will and land highly effectively. Davis, even when he throws, the punches are being blocked by the guard of Hernandez. Now, he's just being bullied now by Hernandez. Hernandez pushing him back. His presence, his presence himself just being there. Hernandez is is a lot for Davis. Oops. And every punch that Hernandez throws, even the ones that are blocked or cut off the arms, moves Davis back. Davis busy, but again, Brian, those punches are being blocked by the hard guard of Hernandez. They're not scoring blows. That's such responsible defense for a guy who is operating in the phone book, mostly getting off power shots, but he's not leaving those extra opportunities. He's making Davis work for it. But it's hard to work for it when you're getting beaten down by power shots when you're back to the ropes. And Hernandez, a pressure fighter, aggressive fighter, balling puncher. He can box as well. And right now, just really landing every single shot. Wow. Davis throwing a lot more here in round nine, but still landing only six. Hernandez landed 25. [Music] [Applause] This is theater here in the final round. The theater of truth, the boxing ring. And the truth is your only Hernandez. He's a bad man. 100 to 89. All three in favor of the winner and still undefeated, Yenley Feliciano. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause]