Kind: captions Language: en Ladies and gentlemen, welcome back into Barkley Center here in Brooklyn, New York as Premier Boxing Champions presents our Prime Video prelimins. Once again, it is brought to you by GTD Promotions and TGB Promotions. Sponsored by DraftKings Sports Book, The Crown is Yours. Okay, our three judges of Ringside are Kevin Morgan, Alan Nace, and Robin Taylor. The referee in charge of the action is Charlie Fitch. And now, Premier Boxing Champions present 10 rounds in the middleweight division. Thank you. Introducing first in the red corner, wearing the gold with red trim. He weighed in at 158.8 lbs. His record stands 35 victories, 34 by knockout, and four defeats. Representing Valencia, Venezuela, he is a knockout artist. Here is Johan the cello manotees Gonzalez. [Applause] And now introducing his opponent across the ring in the blue corner wearing the pink with black trim. He weighed in at 159.6 lb with 25 victories, 17 by knockout. Opposite of three defeats in one draw. representing AOK Maryland. He is the former unified world champion. Here is Swift Jared Herd. [Applause] I feel about what you made cooked. That's wonderful. gave you no harm and good evening jar. Gentlemen, you both know the rules. Obey my commands and protect yourself at all times. I got you covered. Punches below my hand here will be ruled low. Punches below my hand here will be ruled low. Touch your clothes gloves now. Come on. Get the belt. Let's go. Let's grab Let me grab a Charlie Fitch. Third man in the ring. Jared Herd coming off that draw on his resume against another former champion, Jason Rosario. Split draw last August. Not the most action-packed fight. A lot of people thought that Rosario should have been awarded the decision, but in any event, Herd coming off that draw, coming off mixed results. And as Brian Kuster alluded to, has openly said, "This fight is make or break." Same can be said for Gonzalz, you guys. He started his career with 10 consecutive first round knockout victories, 22 KO wins before his first loss in July of 2019. And now he's looking to snap a twoight losing streak. Two hungry fighters and a big opportunity here in this feature prelim. And what's interesting is Swiftford was in that draw with Rosario. He said the biggest thing he learned was I need to go for the knockout and not leaving the judge's hands. Well, that's the same thing Gonzalez said he learned against Tez in his last fight when he came up empty. He said, "I'm looking to brawl and only adjust tactically if I need to." So, we'll see how these two middleweights match up. Yennis Tez, by the way, will begin our pay-per-view proceedings against Julian Jrock Williams. That fight coming up at 8 Eastern, 5 Pacific. A fouright pay-per-view with three championship fights, including the much anticipated main event. One of the biggest stars, well, the biggest American star and one of the biggest stars around the world in boxing, Dvonte Tank Davis, defending his lightweight strap against current junior lightweight champion Lamont Roach Jr. But so far here in the first round, Abner putting the hurting on Gonzalz there. I was just going to say we I need to see Herd pressure like he said. I need to see the old Jared Herd that I used to see at 154 lbs. Yes. He was so aggressive. He was a beast. He was a monster. I want that hurt tonight. Yes. At his peak, he had pressure, power, gas tank that never quit. Bulldozed Tony Harrison to win a title. Then slugged it out with Arizon. fight of the year to become a unified champion. But then came Julian JRock Williams who we'll see against Tez and he flipped the script and Herd said, "Oh, now it's back to to square one." It hasn't been easy since. No, it hasn't. That has been a turning point career in the in Herd, not just losing the belt, but really becoming inactive, fighting just five times in the last 6 years. He was a bully at 154. He broke people's wills. at 160. There are some adjustments to make for him and he's looking to do that tonight. Gonzalez used to a fast start already bringing it to Herd. He has 18 first round KOs and and both of them fighting like yeah their very careers depend on it. Definitely. It's kind of cool to see Jared Herd in there because guys, that's my generation. That's what I used to fight. So, it's good to see uh Hurt again. Gonzalez, I know he's dangerous fighter 35 34 knockouts. So he definitely catches. And yet the 160 Herd definitely not the 154 Herd. In round one, Gonzalez throwing twice as many punches as Herd. He's thrown over 60 while Herd has thrown just over 30. And Gonzalez has landed more. So Gonzalz looking to send Herd into retirement. [Applause] [Music] Oh, water. You got the water though. The [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you put in the bucket? Gonzalez trained by Jason Gagos. Herd has Andre Robin in his corner and this is round two scheduled for 10 at 160 lbs. Will it be Jared Herd's last stand and Yan Gonzalez as well? Uh two losses backto back against Jesus Ramos and Yuanis Tez. Not nothing to be embarrassed about, but still not at all. And you can't take Gonzalez lightly. You can't take anyone lightly who has knocked out 34 of the 35 opponents they've defeated. Herd working behind the jab, but it's Gonzalez more aggressive. Yeah, Gonzalez more aggressive. A lot more punches thrown. And Herd, I mean, he's trying to push him back. He's trying to go back to the old hem. Is the fire still inside the belly? That's That's the big question. Is it? I see the body shots there. Jared Herd, who continues to honor his late father, Fred, the man who pushed him into boxing, who passed away in March of 2021. Even as a unified champion, Jared Herd lived with his parents, valuing family over fame. I love that stat. Same thing with Chris Aljerry when he won a world title. It's such an interesting proposition, but you get the support of your family to prop you up and allow you to just focus on your craft. and heard after high school he was he was focused on becoming a firefighter and had regular job has always had that blue work a blue collar work ethic even though he's been at the highest levels of the sport unified champion never forgot where he came from and that is Apple Keep Maryland approximately 17 miles from Washington DC population just over 10,500 the pride and joy Jared Swift herd not so swift anymore at 160 just walked into a right hand there from Gonzalez. And the one thing to note that Gonzalez told us, another right hand by Gonzalez in the fighter meetings, he says, "I have a special gift for Swift Herd and he said it's a looping right hand that he plans to use on the inside." So, we'll continue to watch that development as they trade close range. That was a great body shot by her. But again, he's just pushing his punches right now and pushing with his body as well. And following the loss to Teas, Gonzalez said, "Yeah, I'm a natural brawler. I need to get more aggressive, but I've got to use strategic precision. I got to target my my opponent's jabs and and find out the the the range, dominate the distance. So, it's interesting. Gonzalez wants to mix science with the Savage. Indeed. Indeed. Came in here in great shape as well. See, that's where he needs to work. He's right there for the body shots. There's that jab going upstairs and downstairs, but there's that looping right hand by Gonzalez, but smothering his offense too close to really be effective with that catapult like the right hand. Skip jab from Gonzalez finds its mark. So, Gonzalez stepping back to avoid the right hand and then countering. Much better round for Herd in terms of output, but Gonzalez still outlanded him. Two 140 lb division title fights coming your way as part of our pay-per-view. But coming your way right now, round three of this middleweight matchup between former unified 154 lb division champion Jared Swiftur and Yan Gonzalez. And Gonzalz again, first impressions gets off to a quick start. Quick start with that jab. He's first. Not letting her get off first. And it's a battle of jabs right now. What about the body language Brian of her you just not that again when you remember him as this unstoppable force 154 he understands what a lot of us are saying by watching him that he is a different fighter in this division he told us this week ultimately when I was at 54 I was the bigger guy walking people down now fighters are my size so he was looking to really set up his shots he wants to use his right hand more but he's getting overwhelmed by the volume of Gonzalez and at this fight he actually is a much bigger guy has a 5 in reach advantage over Gonzalez and is an inch taller, but I know where you're coming from and yet unable to take advantage of those advantages. He's not, you could see it here clearly, body language, and his body's way bigger than Gonzalez, not pushing him back, not starting off with the jab, just leaning forward and letting Gonzalez get off. And there's that special gift. Gonzalez is trying to unwrap for Herd as he And of course, you got to be careful because Herd still has that high ring IQ can try to time it. You know, we'll see us in the main event here. Bronte Davis, one of the things he does better than most fighters, he he takes advantage of your predictability and your pattern. No doubt about it. You make one mistake against St. Davis. The night ends early. See, and there it is again. He is telegraphing it. No. He walked into an overhand right and he's already in the inside. That's what I'm talking about. You're in their work. Rip to the body. Counter right by Gonzalez. The right hand has been key, but I got to be honest there. I don't like that vertic. There's nothing much behind it and no sense of urgency. And again, you have to wonder at 34 years of age. This is his 30th professional fight has fought. I mean, maybe he left it all in the ring against Arizona in that instant classic that took it out of both of them. Very possible. That might have been, by the way, Mo the best fight in PFC history. PBC history if you ask me a sensational war but it's a new time for Jared Head. Let's see if he can adjust to what Gonzalez is bringing. Cruz versus Angel Pierro line in the third. How about Santa Cruz Mars one two. There you go. Yes sir. There's Gonzalez landing the one and two on Herd. Yeah, the one two is definitely landing on Herd. He overhand right cleanly. Not able to take anything from it. 10 seconds left in the round. It's the second time Herd was upset with a shot he thought was low. Well, that shot hurt. He should be upset with that. [Applause] Careful that headache by the head. And the success that Gonzalez had in the last round, it was visible. the overhand right over and over as a right straight over jab right hand. I mean Herd is I mean he sees it but he can't get away from it. Herd has been cut several times in his career. Stop trying to load up near another cut there at the hairline. So more adversity for Jared, although in the area hopefully prove to be too detrimental as we begin round four scheduled for 10 at 160 lbs through fighters that fighting for their lives as professional fighters on this level. You want to fight under the bright lights here in Brooklyn on the PBC prelims on Prime Video, you've got to deliver the goods. You've got to make fans want to continue to watch you fight. For sure. No doubt. The door seems open at 160 lbs right now. Yes, it does. For someone to step up in a big way. John back alim Canolei. You've got Carlos Adamus. Just came off that fight for sure. And of course, speaking of Landy Laura, he's a belt holder at 160 lbs. I know her would have loved to renew hostilities with him, but you wonder just how much is left in Jared Herd's tank. Yeah. Well, we're not seeing a lot in there. It seems like his body is telling him one thing. His mind is telling him one thing and his body another. You can't let his hands go. Brian Campbell. Conversely, Yan Gonzalez doing exactly what he needs to do. He really is. He's aggressive. He's getting off. He's timing that looping right hand. He's mixing sloppy aggression with calculated pre precision to a certain degree. And it is making Jared Herd constantly have to adjust as he walking into shots. No head movement from Herd. Keeping his head on center, not on center line. No real defense. And Gonzalez landing the more effective blows and uh ahead in all the stats according to Box. And that's what I'm talking about. You can't get that right hand. You can't slit the right hand hurt. You see it coming. There it is. But again, we talked about it. He is telegraphing that catapult right hand Gonzalez. And yet Herd unable to do anything about it. Well, Herd has started countering to the body with the left hand when he does see that right hand coming. That's a good development and adjustment for him. But for the most part, it feels like Gonzalez is dictating every single turn in this fight thus far. Final minute and overhand right again by Gonzalez stopping Herd. Herd's hands are low. There's the jab. Not a lot of behind it. More of a push as you said. And there's a double jab right hand from Gonzalez. and now hurt missing, throwing himself off balance again just sitting down. So Gonzalez uh living up to his pre-ight promise. He is continuing to deliver a right hand. One of those pre-fight promises from Gonzalez that he told us was Swift in his prime does a great job of controlling distance. Gonzalez promised he would take that distance away from him. I'm not sure if he's taking it away or Herd's giving it up to him at this point. He's taking away the fighting spirit perhaps because Herb continues to have issues with the uh the clashing of hands and we talked about that cut at the hairline on the right side of his head. Corners did well to attend to it between rounds but you can see a little red blotch on his hair. So Jared Swift herd getting some work done as we begin round number five scheduled for 10 in the middleweight division. Joan Gonzalez outlanding herd through four rounds 83- 58 and continues to just score with the the basic one-two combination, but it's been effective. And that's mainly because Herd is appearing to be more and more a stationary target after really stationary. Hands are down. He walks in face head first. That's why he's getting hit with the overhand right. Again, we known by that jab. He's known by that pressure. Okay, we're starting to see it in this round. But he forgets about it right away. We're going to try to get tanks trainer. Andre Robin, retired special ops officer. Got him. And they actually went to Colia for part of this training embassy in South America. I mean, maybe love to see, but as a guy trying to get your career back on track, you're going to travel all of that way and then we got no more interviews until after this. Okay, I just want to say in the movie just to be careful he doesn't smother his offense. There was a good left hook upstairs by Her was countered instantly, however, by Gonzalez. If you're Gonzalez, you want to time just the perfect moment where Herk comes in. And he has been doing that. Yeah. And he has been doing that. But again, he got the power. So just wait for that right one to hit him right in the chin. I think and I think it could hurt him. [Applause] bit of a wrestling match on the inside. Fatigue already now playing a factor as uh we're a minute 11 away from concluding the first half of this middleweight match up. Herd now trying to come forward. It's another jab from Gonzalez. And there's a left hook by Herd upstairs. Just not as not as effective. You say when people say he's vintage, you know, the the variety, the pitch placement, just not what you expect from a guy like Jared, but what we see certainly with that decorated resume, former unified champion, always had a great boxing story from the stand. He didn't pick up the sport until age 15, had a short amateur career, made the most of it, but ever since losing that title or the the pair of titles to Julian Williams, he's been trying to recover that mojo. Yeah, we we've seen that decline in this last two fights. Rosario fight as well. He was just pushing his punches a lot tonight. Nothing behind the punches from hurting his offense. missing. [Music] We are through the midway point of this 10 round middleweight match up and in songs he's been walked out by some of the biggest names in hip hop. He's a cultural phenomenon, a huge box office attraction. And at 30 and0 with 28 KOs's, the Travante Davis show always seems to excite. Not exactly an exciting fighter, but damn straight, he's an exciting finisher. He has a habit of uh forcing people to run out of tickets inside of the buildings that he shows up in. Round number six, and it's Yan Gonzalez, the more active, the more effective of the two fighters looking to upset a former unifying champion at 154 lbs. And Jared Herd here at Middleweight, the midway point of the fight. There is still time for Herd to turn this around, but it's got to come with that jab matter. Counters there with the left hand. Yeah. You know, and every time every time he tries, Rosales has an answer, but he's he's got a lot more speed, a lot more power. Yeah, there was the speed on display. Throwing a lot more. So, it's it's only one or two punches from Herd. Herd has struggled with consistency in the latter stages of his career. Again, gets hit in the clash of heads. Referee instructing them to continue to fight. Johnny Fish. Yeah. And that eye is definitely closing up, not because of the head, but the overhand rights. And he's had issues with his eyes with cuts and clashes of heads throughout his career. Been cut four separate bouts leading up to this fight. Wow. Big body shot there from Gonzalez. Sound like a shotgun. You heard it all the way over here. That was loud. Hurt has been down once in his career. in round two against Julian JRock Williams for losing that fight was stopped standing by Joseé Rzendes in round 10 of their March of 23 battle that was due to a severe lip laceration. So again his face has been marked up over the years. Yeah and he's being marked up in this fight and now he's leaning on the on the ropes that that tells you that he doesn't feel comfortable anymore by going forward and he's getting tired. Don't put down on his head. Final 60 seconds of the sixth. Like Sans through the hourglass time continues to tick away. Is it ticking away on this? Illustrious career for Jared Herd. That's not discounted. You get to be a unified champion. That's uh something most prize fighters only dream of, guys. And he lived it. lived it. He was a force in that 154 lb division force at 160 at under 30 seconds left. Gonzalez trying to seek his knockout. Here's a guy with 35 wins, 34 KOs. Looking to close the show here. has been taking those shots really well, but again taking too many shots and not throwing enough. Only 34 punches in this round compared to 65 by Gonzalez who outlanded him 20-7 in the sixth. Don't let it discourage you. All right. [Music] Yeah. [Music] We're going to see a replay of Gonzalez's right hand. having success with that. I we've been talking about it. The overhand right straight right hand. I mean, just Herz's not able to take that right hand away. Andre Robin becoming more of a life coach than a boxing trainer in the round. Brian, the sentence that stood out to me, don't let him discourage you. There is seems to be reason for discouragement as we're into the second half of this fight. And this is round seven scheduled for 10 at 160. Gonzalez again throwing the first punch, trying to work behind the jab, but there's a skip jab that lands for Herd, but nothing behind it. You You do get discouraged. In my last fight when I tried to make make my comeback, my body wouldn't react. I couldn't let my punches go and you're not the same. I wish I was I wish I was the best Leo Santa Cruz that I could throw a lot of punches, but you're not. A catches up and I think we're seeing that tonight against Jared Hur. the AJ wear and tear known to have a style like Herd had in his so many entertaining fights and again we go back to the that Laura the classic was a fight of the year for the reason and and we talked about it at breakfast this morning you guys I mean fights like that entertaining as hell but they take a lot out of the participants certainly you can leave your prime in the ring even in a big win but stopped Tony Harrison to win a world title has fought some big names trying his best now in the second half of this fight to keep his career alive. And for Gonzalez looking to do the same thing, would love to score the upset over a former champion and add Jared Herd's name to his win column and reignite his career. Step back. Seems to be the fresher fighter here as he just put on a combination in the corner. Let the body language right. No, and you're right, guy. It almost looks like he's turning back to trying to defend and the referee almost ducked in there. It is where the corner or the referee had to make a decision. Seven round. You got you got four more to go. I mean, are you going to take that much punishment? I don't know. I wouldn't expect that one. [Applause] Come on. Referee Fitch the headbutt alling the time again. Coming in with the head. Gonzalez for the uh the head. Leading with the head. And here we go. Oh yeah. Oh, that's Ces style. Not to mean to make fun of this situation, but man, he led with his head. Yeah, very much. I mean, that was like I'm surprised he didn't take a opponent with it. There have been many warnings up to this point from Fitch. That was blatant. That looked intentional. It's like Justin used to say, what's the difference between a thumb in the eye and a blatant thumb in the eye? Well, there's a blatant headbutt there by Gonzalez. That box [Applause] And here we are with just over a minute left in the seventh. Jared Herd has thrown a total of 15 punches. You see the grimace from Herd after he ate that clean jab from Gonzalez. Meanwhile, Gonzalez has landed 18 of 51 punches as he continues to run away with this fight. 45 seconds left in the seventh. Her trying to fight back. Hands are down all along the ropes. All indications are that Gonzalz could very well be on the cusp of recording his 35th KO. Yeah, he says it already. You can see that he's putting a lot more pressure. Gonzalez letting his hands go a lot more to the body as well. So, he senses that and he's going for the kill. Body up. Nice body shot and then punch upstairs. Good combination by Gonzalez. There's that catapult right hand. Uppercut by Herd on the inside. He's just pawing with the jab. Missing brutally with the right feet are plotting. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Jared Herd receiving instructions, but again, not a lot of sense of urgency in that corner. Have they almost resigned themselves to a fade of calm, please? I mean, you never want to say that, but man, I I was surprised by the lack of urgency. I'm right there with you. you you we were talking last round whether this could be a round that could be stopped given the condition of swift hurt here and how he's reacting but not a ton of urgency in that corner. No urgency. They don't feel like they're concerned about the fighter. They didn't ask him, "Are you okay? How are you feeling really quiet in that corner?" Thought Herd showed a better reaction at the end of the last round where he landed some counter shots and basically gave the message that if his career is on the line, he's going to go out throwing. Now Herd sitting down, putting together a three-punch combination. Hands still down. Eats the one two upstairs. needs another club in right hand to the face before Gonzalez clinches with her trying to sap whatever remaining energy is out of Herd's body here with two minutes left in the eighth. That overhand right has been the key weapon for Johan Gonzalez and that head has been a weapon as well. Definitely that has been a weapon and then then Herd been complaining the whole fight again the overhand right has been the key for counter uppercut by Herd. still has the has that chin though. He's facing a legitimate puncher. He's been down once in his career. You're right. Guy who scored 34 knockouts and 35 wins and yet to hit the canvas in this fight. Again, up at 160 most of their work at 154. Don't get frustrated. Good. Stay in there. He do not like the body. Yeah, nothing behind those punches from Her doing a lot of wrestling there. That that's going to tire him out as well. Just he feels comfortable. He knows he's winning in this fight. He's big and changing his punches. He seems content to hold at times. Just sort of finish off what he's doing. Get to the finish line. Not really looking for a knockout. Just really trying to win the fight. That's it. You're on the two fight losing skin against very credible names. That's what you do. What you do is get that win and go home. [Music] Crowd beginning to get excited here as they anticipate some sustained action. But time running out. 15 seconds here left in the eighth. from Barley Center in Brooklyn. This is round number nine. Okay, Herd coming out more aggressive than we've seen him putting together combinations and only well potential 6 minutes left. This is the last stand. As I mentioned, Herd definitely wants to go out punching, looking to counter here. very aggressive early against Gonzalez. Gonzalez threw a fight high 81 punches in the seventh round. So, as we go now into the ninth, we're seeing Gonzalz still maintain the volume advantage. Although her trying to find a way in this round, trying to find find a way and perhaps this is his last fight. He wants to leave it out either. Our unofficial scorer, Larry Hazard, has Gonzalez comfortably ahead. Has given one round, that being the fifth, to the former unified champion at 154 lbs, Jared Herd. Body shot, another body shot, two of them. Couple of short left uppercuts to the jump, but then Gonzalez swings with the right. But Gonzalez is with power to get into the fight, but not as much pop on his punches anymore either. No, not at all. Seems to be working on volume over anything else. Those counter shots from Her Gonzalez is attention and those two punches as well. The right uppercut, the right hook by Her. Yes, that the body work definitely hurt. You saw the face expression. He like that hurt me and then they turn turned it over as an overhead right. The Herd more aggressive by far here in round nine. But yet Gonzalez continues to fire back. The counter shots of Herd are the biggest factor in this round. No question about it. Sometimes Gonzalez in the second half of this fight has been a little bit lazy with those lead combinations and Herd has taken advantage and timing him. Yeah, he's noticed that those body shots have hurt uh one side and he's trying to place them really well. Final minute of the ninth. Leads with the left blocked by Gonzalez. Gonzalez looks to curl the left hook behind the guard of Herd. They're trying to sit down on the shot again. Doesn't move the head off center line. They continue to flash heads and you can see Herd's disgust. Big right handed with a left from Gonzalez. 30 seconds left in the ninth. Going in. Punch shoting from Herd. There's a skip jab. Another good jab by Herd. Herd has landed more punches than Gonzalz here in the ninth round. Really good round for all things being relative. We saw a little bit of glance of Jerry Herd, but again, not enough. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] How you feel? I know we need. Okay. All right. This is your last round. I need you to This is it. Don't unne. Let's go, man. This is it, Jeremy. Heading into the 10th and final round of this middleweight match up here at Barlay Center in Brooklyn to put a capstone on the prelims on Prime Video, the PBC prelims. And let's recap the headline of this fight. Jared Herd, the former unified 154 lb champion, said prior, "This fight is make or break for my career." And he now has less than three minutes to try from my vantage point anyway to rescue his career. But referee Fitch calls it a a push and not a knockdown. Again, Herd's only been down officially once by time is ticking away, Brian. No doubt about it. You know that cliche about father time catching up in this case, but I did like the urgency from her last round. You like him on the last round. Not in this round. Yeah, but the last round. You're right, Ryan. He did really good. We saw a glimpse of the old Jared Herd, but not in this round. So to buttress that Abner Herd landed his fight high 15 power punches in that ninth round. And as a guy that's been doing damage like those, you are going to want to finish this round and close the show. Bird coming forward, but just not a lot of those punches. The buying language indicates the fatigue, the wear and tear, the fact that yes, this is his 30th professional fight. You talk about the inactivity, Brian, throughout the years, and yet that wear and tear combined with inactivity. So, you you've got the the punishing, the punishment you've endured, the rust. It's it's not a great cocktail. It's a it's a style that can be so fun to watch, so effective, so menacing, but can lead to a short shelf life on the elite level. I think that's some of the difficulties Jared Herd has had in recent years. Injuries piling up and these punches are piling up for Gonzalez here in the 10th. Has heard on the ropes figuratively and maybe literally as well. Gonzalez looking to close the show. Her trying to avoid these punches but throwing nothing in return. Now he fires back. Under a minute left in this fight. Just maybe under a minute left in the career of Jur as the old champion, the ex- champion have one more stand in here in the final seconds. Upper side, but he goes to the body and leaning in on him trying to continue to tire him, but her trying to come forward trying to find that money shot. The money shot for Gonzalez continues to be the right hand. Less than half a minute remaining. Gonzalez shows a push there from her. need some time to recuperate as well. All the following are trying to close the show. Meanwhile, Gonzalez looked like he was looking for a double leg take down, but some action to close the fight. They embrace and we await the official scorecards. Does Gonzalz snap a twoight losing streak? returned to his winning ways by claiming the biggest name on his resume. Jared Herd [Music] said it before the fighter, make or break. Make him or break. And I think this is it for Jared Herd. We didn't see anything from him. Not the same Jared Herd. He got hurt. He got hit a lot and swelling around the left arm. This should be it. [Music] All right. When we talked about Gonzalez wanting to give uh Herd a special gift in the form of the right hand, it was the gift that kept on giving. Abner, the the punch that kept on kept on giving, which is the overhand right over and over from Gonzalez. And that's why we saw the Why was he able to land it so effectively and so often? It was the lack of head movement. The lack of head movement, the timing. He's he's older. He sees the punches coming. He can't move. The reaction is not there anymore. Just a lot from uh from Hurt that we did not see in this fight. Herd 3 and 0 here at Barlay Center with two knockouts. First time he's fought here since a victory over Francisco Santana back in 2020. Ladies and gentlemen, after 10 rounds of boxing, we go to the judges scorecards. Judge Kevin Morgan sees it 96 294 for Gonzalez. Judge Robin Taylor sees it 96 to94 for Herd. And Judge Alan Nay sees the contest 98 to 92 for your winner by split decision. Johan the cello Manoto. The collective sigh of relief emanating from Gonzalez's corner as he definitely earned that uni a split decision win should have been unanimous as he beats Jared Herd for the biggest win of his career. And Gonzalez improving now to 36 and4. And for Jared Herd, is this it? We will find out, I'm sure, as we go inside the ring now to Brian Campbell. Jared Herd, a very tough fight, a very physical fight. You said coming in this could be your last with a loss. What are your emotions right now about your future? Hey, listen man. I just want to say uh God is good. Both fighters made out healthy. Uh this is my first time fighting the opponent with three arms. You know what I mean? And uh I'm a man of my word. So, you know, first of all, want to say happy birthday to my mother and my niece Justice. And uh this will be the last time y'all see me, man. I thank each and every one of y'all for uh you know, the love and support. And uh yes sir, I had a wonderful career. Congratulations on a wonderful career.