Kind: captions Language: en There's fighters that have a nickname. They have and fight nothing like the nickname. This guy is Pitbull Cruz. He fights like a pitbull. He's always in the front foot, aggressive, throws a lot of shots, so exciting, &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; fan-friendly style. We all love Pitbull Cruz. &gt;&gt; You both received my instructions in the dressing room, so you know exactly what I expect. A clean championship fight. Obey my commands and protect yourself at all times. Touch gloves. Good luck to both of you. In these sensitive times where words mean something, what I meant to say or allude to was Jimmy Lennon Jr.'s nickname is the classy Jimmy Lennon Jr. So, I was not disparaging the rapper Charro Loco. I was giving him credit, but the man is as classy as they come, and that's why he's in the Hall of Fame. All right. Two men who dream of getting into the Hall of Fame someday, Isaac Cruz the Pitbull comes out and does what the pitbull does. &gt;&gt; He didn't get ready for his style. Listen, I'm ready. He fights anyone, anytime, and he fights the same way. I'm loving Pitbull right now. Thursday? Oh, my god. And I said, "How's he going to make weight?" And he did. He couldn't. And these are shots that are going to play differently bird. Isaac Cruz a double jab. He gets in close and there's the body shot. Beautiful work [music] for Pitbull Cruz to get in, to cut off the ring. Two jabs, beautiful right [music] hook to the body from Pitbull Cruz. Overhand right or left to a head. There it is. He tried it. Right now it's Isaac Cruz landing big, powerful shots like that overhand right. And it's a good size, but he is able to As you see right there, shift and really load up on these power shots. Another left. But one thing I have noticing about Cruz though, he's patient tonight. He's not running looping right just behind the guard of Oh, that's a beautiful left hook from Cruz. Salcido trying to land the right hand, but he gets clipped by a three-shot combination from Pitbull. And Pitbull is coming on here in this round trying to show his class. Right here we're going to see that tight guard that we're talking about. Pitbull [music] coming in. No jab, but tight guard, not giving anything to Salcido. But Salcido finds an opening. Overhand right, uppercut beautifully. Oh, goodness. And he went on to score. Ooh, that's a nice slapping right hook. Pitbull says, "It landed once. Will it land twice?" Why not? Well, I think Fiero pulling out in the way he did and the way Cruz interpreted that pulling out, it's really it's kind of fighting with a chip on his shoulder tonight. He was talking to what we call that. And Pitbull says, "You do the talking. I'll do the punching." I was just going to say, you know what that means. He's not going to be able to hold, so guess what? He's going to be He's a big, tough power shots Pitbull's unloading. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; And now there's sometimes that those 8-10 seconds in the corner that you get to catch a breather, they give you that little energy that we saw from Pitbull. That's a nice right hand that hurt him. Yes. And they're going for it. And he's showing the right uppercut. He's got to showing no respect for the punching power of Salcido. He really hasn't given him a reason to do that just yet. &gt;&gt; Cruz has to land some land some big shots, but here it is the last round, and he's going to go for it all. Oh, nice left right now at this point. Left hook again from Isaac Cruz. Salcido needs to bite down when the Pitbull goes to work because &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; And bam! De Casa, the Pitbull is ready to put in some work here. The last 40 seconds of this fight. I don't know how he withstood that punishment. I can tell that he wants to finish this fight. He wants to knock him out. And there's a point deduction finally. And you know what? He says, "I'll take &gt;&gt; a point deduction over the knockdown. It was a very purposeful hold. Yeah, it stopped the momentum that Cruz definitely had at that moment. So, if I were Cruz, I would like, "No, no, don't take the Vicious overhand right. It's been the left that's been doing damage this round, and now he has to hold on and take the knockdown, put his glove on the canvas. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; I feel like this fight could be stopped. I mean, there's 17 seconds. You got to give this kid a chance to finish on his feet, but he needs to move out of the way [cheering] just survive, but he's got to turn it on or off. Credit to Omar Salcido for standing up to Isaac Cruz, and credit to Isaac Cruz for saying, "You put whoever you want in front of me, and I am going to take them out." Look, it was all power punches from Pitbull late. You see the four-punch combination, the voluntary late knee from Salcido. But what we said, credit to Salcido's will and chin for going the distance in what ultimately was a showcase for the explosiveness of Isaac Pitbull Cruz. The left hook, the right hand follow. It was three- and four-punch combinations all night long. Ladies and gentlemen, after 10 rounds of action, the judges are in agreement. Here are the score totals. Judge Rubenstein, Steve Weisfeld, and Don Trella both scored about 99 to 89. Judge Max DeLuca scores it 100 to 88. All three in favor of the winner, and he is now the WBC interim super lightweight champion, Isaac Pitbull Cruz. Isaac, congratulations. Abner Mares is going to translate for us. Um Isaac, how would you assess your performance this evening, and do you give a lot of credit to Omar for stepping in at this late date and putting up, you know, a competitive fight? Listen, you got to give him the almost ultimate respect to Omar for stepping up and facing me. He he grew this fight, and listen, I'm the new champion tonight, and I grew also. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; And congratulations on that. For lack of a better term, how pissed off are you for what happened with Fiero? Listen, I wasn't disappointed. I was I was more I wasn't I was more disappointed than anything because it was all bark, no bite, and I am a all bark and bite. So, right here, the Pitbull. Hey, did we see a little bit of something new here tonight? Perhaps the Mexican Mike Tyson with that move? Listen, you guys decide. You saw what I did in there, and this the second time that I show you guys exactly what I'm capable of. Look forward to next time. Thank you. Listen, the opponents that I've always faced, they, you know, they're they're level fighters, and I'm always here showing myself every single fight.