Kind: captions Language: en He comes in wearing the olive trunks, weighing officially at 142 and 12 lbs. His record 12 wins, three losses. Three of those coming by way of knockout. Joining us from Patterson in New Jersey. Ladies and gentlemen, introducing Ricky, superstar Rick Edwards. and across the ring his own. He comes in wearing the white trip with the gold weighted officially at 142 and 1/2 lbs. His record is a perfect one. 10 wins, nine of those coming inside the distance. Joining us from Kasak Grande, Arizona. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Jesus Elmono Ramos Jr. Please listen and follow my requests at all times. Protect yourself at all times. Fight hard, fight clean. Good luck to both of you. &gt;&gt; Also, if you would like, there is the rising Jesus Ramos, just 18 years of age. &gt;&gt; Ready? There is a belief that Ramos can be a superstar in boxing. Ricky Edwards, the veteran, wants to get back and show the world that he is a force to be reckoned with here at 140. Oh, it almost is a softball. &gt;&gt; Hard hitter 90% knockout percentage. A nineight knockout streak consisted of only first and second round knockouts. Four finishes in the first round, five in the second. And Ramos with a straight left. Edwards got a lot of defender moves experience by side because a lot of mistakes first big punch and connected. But again, the one thing about watching that I like is that position is his right foot. He slides it outside. He slips his butt to right. She's a straight left hand very well [Applause] big [Applause] starting to really target that body. It is Ramos. Ramos is heavyhanded. You can hear the thought here ringside when it almost connects. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you know, you can see straight shots attacking the body like like you're supposed to. But what I'm seeing to right now almost you got to pick up the pace. They're too much posing in front of each other. You put, you know, too much hurt looking at each other just just start throwing punches, man. You got to look at the guy. They're both looking for something rather than what happened. I just got touched. There's a shot and is attacking Patterson. She's that defense that shows a straight left and complaining about a shot. It's part, you know, it's part of the game, man. When did the referee jump in there at all times referee do his job was born? I mean, it was on the belt. It was a little bit on the belt &gt;&gt; when it came to the TV exposure, but he seems to have fall down. There's a big body straight left. But back comes Ricky Edwards. Ricky Edwards now sitting down in his punches more that big. I like to see Oh, there slides. I love the slides. Hawk upstairs is over. Kennedy for knockout of the year has wiped out Ricky Edwards. [Applause] What a punch by Jesus Ramos. Dynamite in that straight left and he landed and out win Edwards. But what a punch. Oh my goodness. Jesus with a highlight reel knockout as he finishes off Ricky Edwards. Boom. Shakalaka and right and out win Edwards. We'll come back to get the official particulars. We'll take a look at it again. And as Elvis Presley said, they got me all shook up. Uhhuh. And down he goes. &gt;&gt; Look at his foot. Look at that. It is almost like a home run swing, a walk-off as Jesus Ramos sees Edwards tumbling to the canvas. We'll come back with more. &gt;&gt; This kid has got a bright future. He's got great height. He's got Udep, especially for that super lightweight division. This kid is a future star. Ladies and gentlemen, the end comes at 2 minutes 40 seconds of the third round for your winner by knockout, Jesus Mono Ramos. Jesus Ramos. If you could buy stock in a fighter, put it behind that young man. Just 18 years of age. He has the look, he has the style, and he has the power in his hands. Yeah, he's going to be the one moving up. He'll be fighting three or four different weight divisions, fighting five times all over. &gt;&gt; I'd like to see him stay here at this division for a while. At least one one or two more fights. But I agree with you, Ray. Um, as he grows, as he matures and becomes the the the successful professional that he is, we'll be more impressed by his demeanor and and this kid's got his head on straight. You think this kid's a bright prank for the star range?