Kind: captions Language: en Tail of the tape. Omar War Huarez and Kevin Shacks. Suarez only 20 years old. A motivational speech speaker at the age of 20. Impressive young man going up against Kevin Shacks 29 years old. Both about the same height. Reach advantage goes to Shacks who is coming in with a record of 3 4 and three. Wars 5 and0. Let's go to Jimmy Lenny. Ladies and gentlemen, from the MGM Grand in Las Vegas Premier Boxing Champions presents the Fox Sports PVC pay-per-view prelims featured attraction. Judging at ringside for this bout, we have Max Duca, Chris Flores, and Steve Weissfeld. All right, fans, here we go. Six rounds of boxing super lightweights in the ring. Introducing first, fighting out of the red corner, wearing black trunks with silver trim. Hailing from Lancing, Michigan. He weighed in at 143 and 12 lbs. His record, three wins, four losses, three draws with three wins coming by way of knockout. Please welcome Kevin Gamebred Shocks, his opponent across the ring, fighting out of the blue corner in this sixth round attraction, wearing blue chokes, white and gold trim, hailing from Brownsville, Texas. He weighed in at 142 and 12 lbs. Undefeated at five wins, no losses, three wins coming by way of knockout tonight, making his Las Vegas debut. Please welcome the rising undefeated super lightweight prospect Omar El [Applause] Reago. Introducing our judge, our referee now to give instructions. Six rounds of boxing, we have Vic Draculich on the ring, guys. All right, gentlemen. This fight's scheduled for six rounds. You received your instructions in the dressing room. Again, I want to caution you. Any punches below this point here are going to be called low. Any punch below this point will be called low. With that said, I want you to obey my command. Protect yourselves at all times. Touch them up now. Good luck to both of you. Brian Kenny Joe Gooson and Lennux Lewis, former heavyweight champion here. Wilder Ortiz 2 tonight on pay-per-view. You can see the crowd still coming in here tonight. They'll fill it up a little later on. Unified rules are in effect here as we get fight number where are we? Four. We've had some interesting fights already, fellas. And here's Omar Huarez with a couple of surprise. Now, Wars, don't blink because he can really fight. You can see how fast he is with first three punches he throws. Yeah. And he will go to that left hook to deliver that double hook all night long. Now, he he's got to be careful he doesn't drop that right hand when he goes to that body, which he does every so often, but he's a very high energy, high output, very aggressive fighter that can punch. I mentioned he's a motivational speaker. Uh he graduated high school at 16. He's already earned good body shot. He's already earned a proclamation of recognition from the Texas State Senate. He is the very impressive young man and he comes out firing in round one. Yeah. And he's in there with a real tough kid. You know, uh uh Kevin Shacks uh you know went up against a kid named Alejandro Ramos who was 8 and0 at the time with eight knockouts and he was the first guy that took him the distance. Even though he just got backed up there with a nice hard look. Oh, look at this body shots and down he goes right there. Just breaking him down. Morris is way too fast, way too strong. This doesn't happen to Shaq too often, let me tell you. He's a he's a very durable fighter. He has waited for this moment. Said, "One day I'll fight at the MGM Grand." But Vuarez right away firing hard body shot again. Crippling hook and a body shot again left to the body. Don't wait. This guy puts everything into his punches. These are all hard shots. They're fast. It's a withering body attack by Omar Wararez. Shaqs in survival mode. And there's a lot of time. We're only halfway through the first round. Let me tell you, Wararez is throwing every punch with with with some strength and, you know, speed. Every time he throws to the body, you know, he's trying to break a rib, it looks like. Yeah. You can see that that right elbow by Shacks is keeping that down, saying, "Don't hit me there again." That was blocked and yet it drove back. Another body shot. Versatile attack by Warz as well. South switches around. He'll do that. And he does it to good effect. Body and then head. Wars now out of the southpaw stance. And down goes Shacks for the second time this round. This won't last long. No. No. Shacks looks like he's had enough. Let me tell you, Wararez is coming with some serious power because when you seen when you see the effects what it does to Shaq, you know, Shaq's body is trembling and moving and plus he's got uh slippery shoes as well, so he doesn't have no ground to stand on. Oh, good right hand by Shacks right there. 29 years old, he's the older man. He's in survival mode. Looks like he's in over his head here against a young prospect. No doubt. Omar War is is a really really classic fighter. I I just love his sliding, Lennox. Look at that. I didn't notice. I mean, he has no grip at all. That's That's disastrous against a kid like this. It's almost like he's on skates. Yeah. No, I mean, and against Huarez, that is dangerous. Looks like he can survive this round, which was doubtful for a good part of this one. He sucks in a little more air. He took some hard body shots. I know. I know. Listen, listen, listen. Listen. Don't worry about it. Listen, don't worry about it. Deep breath. Listen. Deep breath. All right. Here's the first knockdown. And of course, the highly aggressive Wars. Bam. He just slips right into the body. Hands come down a little bit from Shacks. Right hand. Gets the elbow with the hook, but then sneaks that little left hook right through the guard and drops him down. And here's where onslaught of punches, powerful punches. First he starts up at the head, then he brings them down to the body. But oh, got knocked down there. And from the south ball position. Yeah. Warez said when he started he was very scared. He said when the switch goes on, I'm a different person. And he is. I mean, he he's a college student now. He studies nutrition at the University of Texas Rio Grand Valley. I He's an accomplished kid already, but in the ring, very impressive. The complete package. Round two. Kevin Shacks in the black trunks. Wararez in the blue and gold. You see the punches landed 25 to five for Wuarez. But it it is all Warz. And you know what? Shots was blocking some of those shots nicely, Joe. And yet it didn't matter. He was No, he he he's been in with some really good fighters. Like I said, he went the distance with a guy that was 8-0 and eight knockouts in Alejandro Ramos in his last fight. And here he is with a guy who doesn't have as many knockouts, but he just got taken down twice in the last round. I mean, his punches are short, tight, hard, fast, and they're coming from all angles. Lennox, jab, too. When I was when I was fighting, I always brought two pair of shoes just in case there was a slippery canvas. And sometimes sometimes some of the uh uh the marking on on on the canvas can be slippery as well, especially when it gets wet. That's right. Uhhuh. But he's sliding. Even his right foot slid there, and there's no reason for it. There's no wetness there. He's just planting. No, you know what it is probably, Brian, is that these shoes he's using, he probably uses in the gym. They're probably a little worn out and the uh the grip on them is probably a little worn out and they're slipping. That's that's the only thing I can think of right now. Can imagine you're facing Omar Wararez who's drilling you and al you have that on top of Yeah. I remember one time I was slipping in the ring and then you know my corner just took took the scissors and started scraping the bottom of my shoes. Were they leather bottom? Yes, they were. Oh, no wonder. You don't know. Yeah. A little water on the bottom, too. Oh, thank you. Fifth fight of 2019 for Warz. Serious young man and really bringing it here as he gets his first fight here at the MGM Grand Garden Arena. I see. I think right now if I I I was worried I'd really want to put on some pressure. I don't know why he'd give up any py after knocking him down twice. I would be going for the knockout right now. I'd been encouraging that for Warz if I were in his corner. He had his way with him so easily in the first round. Why why step off the gas? Maybe he wants to put in a couple of rounds or, you know, let Shaq come to him, open himself up a little bit so he can take advantage of of the counter punching. Well, you know, I I say the less time you spend in the ring, the better. You know, if you can take this guy out, take him out. Well, to your point, Joe, right? Shacks has got to be relieved that Morris has brought it back to second gear. I agree. He's let me breathe a little bit and maybe he can get brave in this fight. Get a little, you know, get a little rhythm. Get in there. Counter hook by Warz there. Drilling to the body again. He seems to be able to He's in a good position to punch wherever he comes out, too. He digs in that hook beautifully. Then a hook to the head. Round two slowing down though. Wararez still dangerous. Shacks so far surviving. [Music] Luis Ortiz is in the building here at the MGM coming in at 241 12 lbs. Excuse me, he was 241 and a half for the first fight against Wilder. 5 lbs lighter for this one, but his body is even more transformed than that. Aletics, we expect to see a very trimmed down in shape Ortiz tonight in the rematch. Yeah, he's taken it very serious. Obviously, he's gone away, lost some weight. Said he wasn't in a great shape. Now he's come back in better shape, way better shape. So, he feels more confident. So, we should see a different fight from him. He had a full camp, 12week training camp after 6 weeks just light training at home. Here, round three. Omar Warz, Kevin Shacks in the black trunks. Wararez outlanding shacks by a wide margin, but certainly the second round very different from the first round. And I know Joe, you thought, hey Ben, if you can take a guy out, take him out quick. Well, yeah. You if I if I'm in the corner and I have a guy like Warz who's very accurate, aggressive puncher, I would say, why let why let Shacks back in the fight. You just let him back in the fight. You had him down twice in the first round. Let's continue with that strategy and put him out in the second round. Uh, at least at least set him up big time for the third round and I just thought he took the foot off his gas. Yeah. Sometimes it's okay because you know you go out there and you may hurt him in the first round and then the second round Shacks could have been in the defensive mode and Warriors could just be punching himself out. You just got let him back in the ring. Let him back in the fight a little bit more and then go back in on your attack. It's hard to punch yourself out in a six round fight when you're an undefeated fighter who trains like a guy like Wars. You're you you should be able to throw 80 to 100 punches a round at this weight right here when you're a young kid. I mean, there's no, you know, there's I I don't say hold back. You know, I had fighters that would fight and throw 100 120. Look, Chris Areola averaged 120 punches against Kovnoski around and those are heavyweights. No, but what what I'm saying is still early in the fight. Shaq could come out with a hard punch and hurt you while you're trying to punch him. I don't know about that. He's only got three knockouts in uh and but remember Worries is coming forward. So when you're coming forward, you're helping the guy. Well, that's if you've got poor defense. Wars has got great defense. And I think you know if you just apply Oh, looked like heard his right hand. You see him kind of wave that around. Yeah. Yeah. Huh. Keep an eye on that with Omar Wararez. By the way, I think you both have good points. Yeah. I I'm I'm leaning closer to Joe in that like if you you got the guy hurt. Don't let him get brave. He's an older guy. Wararez is only he's 20 years old. He's only five pro fights. So he's very inexperienced. It's just like when you're watching him, he looks he doesn't look like he's a five fighter. No, exactly my point. He's a very bright guy. Look, you just talk to the kid. He he just exudes intelligence and he's got it in the ring here. Um but again, we could argue this all day. He's doing what he's doing. Let's see if he can uh knock uh Shacks out. I'd say winning the fight is going to be an obvious thing, but knocking him out is another good showcase so far for Omar Wararez. Kevin Shacks hanging in. Omar Wararez tells high school kids the six principles of life. No excuses, discipline, confidence, strategy, self-worth. Did I miss one? Lennox, I'll work on that. Well, there's five of the six principles of life. I counted on the first three and Lennox was supposed to take the next three. You were told there would be no math. Round four here. Omar Wararez in the blue and white trunks and Kevin Shacks in the black trunks. And a very impressive start for Omar Wararez. Two knockdowns in the first round. Kevin Shacks in survival mode, but to his credit, he has survived so far. He has. Kevin Jackson has only been stopped in one one time. He can't fight that by war. But yeah, u so he's a durable guy and he's look I mean you can just tell he's in great shape and he doesn't want to come to Las Vegas and be embarrassed. He wants to win this fight. So, you know, he's not going to be an easy guy to take out, but boy, once you got that momentum going as a fighter, the and as a trainer, if I'm in the corner, I don't want that momentum to stop. But obviously for some reason Warris is content to box him. Let's go back to round three. I know Lennox and Joe, you guys saw this. Was there an injury somewhere? That was a hyperextension. Absolutely. Yeah, that's not even a question. It happens. Watch. You can see his elbow invert. Watch. Oh man, that's nasty. So you saw that live. You saw him shake it afterwards. Let's So let's keep an eye on that right hand here in round four. Is he throwing it? Well, I I I will tell you that that can make you not want to throw the right hand again. Uh and those can be very dangerous in the long run if you don't have those checked out really well, which I'm sure he will do after the fight. He just didn't, you know, you normally you throw the right hand, you snap it back right away and he let he let it hang out there like he thought he was going to I guess when he didn't have any resistance to hit anybody. Well, that's true. Yeah, it's always better when you throw a hard punch like that to hit something because if you miss it the the the power keeps following through and it it you saw what happened. It inverted the elbow because so much power being thrown there. Lloyd Patterson used to tell me, you don't just throw it, you throw it and bring it back. Well, well, he's right. He was the heavyweight champion. Yeah. Did you ever see him fight? Uh we're This is just starting. I can tell. Good right hand. Well, so Wars did throw the right hand in, but um yeah. No, I I once had a great trainer. What you're saying is exactly right. He said, "Joe, it's not how fast you get the punch out, it's how fast you get your hands back." Point. See Wars keep an eye on that right-handed scene. And to your point of the first two, he had an easy first round and then seemed to ease back a bit. Not that he's in any danger of losing this fight, but certainly it's complex. The complexion of it has changed. He got caught there with a right hand and he could be a one-armed fighter right now. Interesting fight. We're through four. And there is Omar Wararez again hyperextending his right arm on a punch full round back as we get into round five here scheduled for six. I know Joe, we were listening in in the corner. Did you hear anything especially from Rudy Wararez who's in Omar's corner? No, Rudy told him just keep working the jab. Keep working the jab. And then uh Bob Santos uh who was on the outside of the ropes, you know, chimed in and said, you know, be careful. He's looking for that one counter shot with the right hand, which he did land in the last round. Which proves to my point to be careful. He shouldn't be rushing in there. Well, it wasn't that he was rushing in. What he did is he had his left hand down and that's why he got countered. He threw a right hand and Shaq countered with his right hand. But you can see, look where Omar carries his left hand. He carries it down low. He threw a right hand there, but he seems to be a lot more careful with it. You almost have to use some You almost have to show your opponent you do have it sometimes, don't you, Lennox? Even in turn. Oh, yeah. I mean, he's not he's still throwing it cuz you can't think that you can't throw that right hand at all. Then you can bum rush the guy. You get right on top of him. Plus, the adrenaline is in him and you know, he'll probably feel it after the fight. And Luarez is not fighting the way he was in that first round. There's no question. No, he's using the left hand a lot. Did you see that beautiful move off the rope and that spin move and then shacks on the rope and the way he does it and and Joe, the way he throws the hook off that is is a thing of beauty. There's no question. This kid, it's a it's an educated kid in and out of the ring. Yeah. Let's go to Larry Hazard right now. Larry, how do you see it? Well, right now, guys, I got him 36 34 had a very good first round scoring two knock scoring two knockdowns. So he score I scored that around 107. So my overall score right now is 3634. I got comfortably ahead after four. No, 4034, Larry. Right. That's what every round for Wararez. Yes. 40. Okay. Yeah, I thought so. He's winning every round here. Shel's winning any rounds, but certainly Warz looks like a different fighter here. I mean, he was a he was a bulldozer in the first round. Both hands up and down. Now, in all fairness, he's throwing the right hand again. He threw a nice right hand over there, but I guarantee he probably still feels a little effect of that if he falls short with the right hand like he just did there a second ago. Oh, absolutely. I would have to agree with that uh comment because he's throwing more lefts, especially to the body. Again, to go back to the big picture, it's a 20-year-old kid, five more fights. I mean, what a I know you like Mil Necki, too, as well, Joe, but what a what an imp what impressive young fighters we're seeing tonight. Yeah, look, Milky. It'll take a few more outings to see exactly what he's got, but boy, it was an impressive impressive uh uh fight uh and and his style and his look and his overall demeanor. Great. Yeah, I mean, he's going to put on some weight as well and move up in a couple classes. Kevin Milki, 17 years old. Omar Wars, 20 years old. We'll be back. Back in Las Vegas, Brian Kenny with Lennux Lewis and Joe Gusen here on FS2 getting ready for the big pay-per-view. Deontay Wilder, Luis Ortiz. Final round here. The very impressive Omar Huarez against Kevin Shacks. And by the way, fellas, I found the sixth principle of life that Omar tells high school kids. There's no excuses. Confidence, discipline, strategy, selfworth. You know what I couldn't read? What? Teamwork. Maybe that's telling Joe. Maybe because that's not in your vocabulary. That is if that's not a Freudian slip. I mean, there's no such thing. In the meantime, in the meantime, uh Shacks landed a good right hand just now. Um after a left, I think uh Omar threw a good left hook and then got countered with a right hand. So, you know, Shacks is still trying to win this fight, Brian. Yeah. I mean, he's got to be surprised. We thought that would be over in the first round. I I certainly did. Again, Shacks has, you know, only had, you know, 10 amateur MMA fights. He was 0 and2 as a pro. He comes in here with this record. It's under 500. And yet, he has given it a shot, given a game effort in top shape, and weathered a terrible storm in the first round from Warz. Yeah. And the referee, Vic Draculich, sized up the uh the situation very well. Of course, one of the great veterans of all time. And uh you know, decided to let the fight go on. And as it turns out, he was he's proven right. Well, that's what Marco Bailey was looking for in the last fight, too. Like, can you can you let this go? Can you can you let me take account? I I I think he there was a lot more reason uh to to to stop that fight than I wondered if this would be fight. I agree with you, but I always wondered if that one was going to be stopped. You thought that was the right call, but I do. Bears out right now because I think he got hurt to the bodies in the second knockdown. Oh, boy. That's a knockdown. Yes, it is. Shot to the body. Shacks goes down. Looked like he slipped as well, but certainly that came from a punch initially. Mic Dracula says that's enough. He barely got up at 10. That was a hard body shot. And certainly Shaq's slipping again. His legs swept out from under him. But that from a body shot as he tries to suck in a little bit of air and Muarez has his knockout. And that's impressive because uh Kevin Shacks is in great shape. He really was trying to fight his heart out here and he's only been stopped one other time. So that's that's a big feather in Omar Wars's hat. We want to take another look at this again. That was just a body shot blocked by it. And so look right hand. Yeah, that's what I thought. That's what I thought. It wasn't a body punch. It was a straight right hand. Yeah. Uh-huh. That hit him right in the chest. In the No, right on the chin. Right there. There we go. So much for a sore elbow. And then he spins out, pivots out, and just lets Shaqs fall. Uh-huh. So Wars' right hand actually came through in the last round. Wow. Short as well. One shot. We'll step away for a moment. There it is on the button. Wararez 6 and0. A winner in Vegas. Moments to go. Omar Wararez right up the middle. A beautiful right hand effort that right elbow and he ends the night. Kevin Shacks. A spectacular performance by Omar Warz. He is now 6 and0 as the arena starts to fill up. Getting closer now toward the main event and the big fights. Let's go to Jimmy Lennon and get the tickets. Ladies and gentlemen, we have a time of 1 minute 59 seconds in round number six. Our referee in charge, Vic Draculich, reaches the count of 10. He is the winner by way of knockout and still undefeated. [Applause]