Kind: captions Language: en There's an iconic video of you from many years ago playing a wooden flute on the side of a lake for the birds. Are you still playing uh instruments or the wood flute these days? &gt;&gt; I had a small collection. My pitbull chewed them up and I got like one wooden flute and it almost broke from my kids. They they busted up a little bit, but it's still there. Every once in a while, my daughter brings it to me and I'll play a melody or something. But for right now, you know, I'm I'm with my breath work, my meditation, my gym, my career, my wife, and my kids. And with those priorities, the flute has found its way pushed aside. &gt;&gt; We brought a a wood flute today and uh and was if you'd be willing to grace us with a little improvisation. &gt;&gt; Hey. Okay. I want I was just wondering what note it is. I don't It doesn't really matter. I'm not I'm not a musical scholar or anything, but if if memory serves me right, [Music] That's your man. One time gone with the wind, baby. &gt;&gt; Very nice. So the real the real story about the flute sitting by the lake is really it was another time before before I got into the meditative techniques that I use today of just sitting in nature being present and that flute like you just saw it was like it was bringing me back to being a kid in a sandbox. It's very easy that that type of flute is a five note pentatonic scale. And so all you need to do is know how to work those five notes. And all I'm thinking is do I want to go up to a higher pitch, work my way down to a lower pitch, play around, do a little buzzing sound, some triplets, and you know, there's something too about the breath. breathing in and and working the notes of the flute and the melody and just allowing yourself to get lost. So, it was a it was a way for me to sit by the lake and the lake that that iconic video comes from is the lake that I ran around my whole life. It's the lake that made me the fighter that I am today. That's the lake from my neighborhood. Shout out Bair Zone 6, Ross Norton Recreational Center, Clearwater, Florida. And so that me and that lake, we got a lot of history from my childhood and from growing up as a young fighter.