Kind: captions Language: en I want a good clean fight. Obey my commands at all times. Protect yourself of all time. Please go. Ready. Let's go. &gt;&gt; The maiden voyage for Hector Garcia as 130 lb belt holder. He takes on Lamont Roach Jr. who looks to become a champion in his second crack at the title. And if we've seen Roach in the tape go down to the left, he can &gt;&gt; Oh, nice counter already. the right hand of Roach. Beauty. Uh he's not come with the counter right hook. A nice check right hook. Even though Roach was able to sneak one in as well. &gt;&gt; Now some heavy leather being thrown by the champion. &gt;&gt; You don't want to take throw lone punches. You want to show Roach with an aggressive finish. Had been landing about 15 punches around. Now going to work on Garcia times it and he throws the body. There it is on Q. because 32year-old Hector Garcia just got clipped with that left hook from Roach. &gt;&gt; Roach with a lot of experience going along the distance. Garcia cornered. Garcia doing a good job of evading him. Showboating Garcia throws. He had Roach blocked. He puts his hands up. But &gt;&gt; yeah, he he sens from Roach. the numbers in terms of numbers of punches landed to the head clearly a pretty big edge for Roach coming to show that &gt;&gt; there's that left hand from Garcia who switches to lefty overhand left was a dynamic display by Garcia &gt;&gt; he did it and tonight he just doesn't have that mindset &gt;&gt; oh there's a counter right hand that landed by Roach flashes the jab roach sitting down One, two, &gt;&gt; midway point of the punishment round. That was a great left hook by Roach and it demonstrates. Oh wow, the knees of Garcia with the right Roach going in. Left hook, right hand. Garcia trying to fight back. [cheering] Roach looking to try to close the show up lands. He is scoring shots on the defending champion. And with just over a minute left in the 11th, the Fistic Firefight has broken out here on the fight capital of the world. Lamont Roach looking to close the show. Garcia weathering the score. Two fighters. Lamont Roach hurt Garcia with that right hand. Nice overhand right that knocked him off balance. What was impressive wasn't that he hurt him with that right hand so much as the way he followed up. Yeah, he he landed a lot of punches, including uppercuts and uh and and there's another right. You know, he he was pretty [music] good about the way he followed that up. But here's a second look at it. Beautiful time right hand for him. And like you said, the way he closed overhand, doubled overhand, the uppercut. We We're not going to see that, but he had a beautiful uppercut that he landed trying to trying to f around that. Knocks down the champion. The leg left hook levels Garcia in the 12th and final round. &gt;&gt; He has definitely been aggressive. He's knocked down the defending champion. And that left hook perhaps has helped close the book on Garcia's title ring in favor of the winner by split decision and the new heavyweight Super [cheering] Champion World Junior. Lamont Roach Jr. told us, and I quote, "My life is boxing. My family is a boxing family. I'm a boxing fan. And tonight, Lamont, you can add boxing champion.