Kind: captions Language: en Thank you very much, Brian. Yeah, we are set for action. Couple of the super welterweights who are fighting a little over 154 pounds tonight. Erikson Luben. He takes on Luis Aras must win for both fighters as this one is scheduled for 10 rounds. And Aras, well, this is his first appearance in Minnesota. 13-month layoff, not the longest of his career. He was off for 22 months before his career best victory over the former unified 154-lb champion Jared Herd in June of 2021. Now his win over Herd was his first victory in almost four years. He comes into tonight's fight just 23 and one in his last six. Coming off a tuneup victory in May of last year, bouncing back from an upset loss to Von Alexander. He told us he's planning on making this an allout war as soon as the bell rings. And hey, very good reason that Luben is coming off the longest layoff of his career. Spent the last 14 months healing physically and mentally following his pitch to battle against Sebastian Fondor. Both Warriors went down. Both exhibited tremendous fortitude. However, Fondora's non-stop volume, it did the kind of facial damage that Luben's trainer Kevin Cunningham had never seen before. Between rounds 9 and 10, he stopped the fight. Luben was ahead on two of the three scorecards. and he may have saved his career. He went on to have s a surgery on his right shoulder, suffered a broken nose and and he says despite everything, he is still a force to be reckoned with. And Al, when you look at everything he's been through, he is still just entering his prime. As we go to the tale of the tape, yeah, and he is at age 27, he does feel that he is somebody that can still improve. He said, "I'm still getting better." Well, in this fight, one of the things he's bringing into it is the fact that he has a reach advantage over Luis Aras, and he's going to try to use that by utilizing his jab effectively. And another factor here, and we mentioned at the beginning of the show, at 33 years of age, Aras feels time is not on his side, so he needs to get a win here this evening. Here is Jimmy Lennon Jr. Well, fans from the Armory here in Minneapolis, Minnesota, Premier Boxing Champions presents our next attraction, our co-mainade event of the evening brought to you by TGB Promotions, Warriors Boxing Promotions, and O Mayweather Promotions. Well, fans, this bout is 10 rounds of boxing. Presenting our judges scoring from ringside we have from Minnesota Scott Erikson. From Illinois, Jerome Jacobco and from Minnesota, Ludy Webster. Introducing our referee in charge. He'll be giving instructions after the introductions, Zack Young. All right, fans. Here we go. Super welterweights in the ring in an over the limit special attraction scheduled for 10 rounds of boxing. introducing to you first on my left, fighting out of the red corner, wearing black trunks with silver trim, hailing from Delray Beach, Florida by way of Milwaukee, Wisconsin. He weighed in at 155 and 3/4 lb with a record of 20 wins, three losses, one draw, and one no decision. He has nine wins coming by way of knockout. Please welcome the super welterweight contender introducing Luis Kuba Aras and his opponent across the ring fighting out of the blue corner on my right wearing blue trunks white and black trim hailing from West Palm Beach, Florida. He weighed in at 156 and 12 lbs with a record of 24 wins, two losses. He has 17 wins coming by way of knockout. Please welcome the former world title challenger and the current WBC number six world ranked super welterweight contender. Introducing Erikson, the Hammer Luben. [Applause] Once again, a referee in charge, Zack Young, now to give instructions. Second. All right, you already have the instructions in the dressing room, so there's nothing left to say to you, but good luck to both of you. Referee Zack Young with 31 years of pro experience working his 455th prot better known as a boxing judge. We are set for 10 rounds here at the Armory in Minneapolis, Minnesota. Ready in round one. Luben still ranked in the ring's top 10 at 154 lbs looking to bounce back from the second knockout loss of his career. moving the southpaw. Aras hasn't faced a lefty since Daryl Cunningham back in 2016. Although he said no problem, he spars with Landi Laura who's a belt holder of 160. And he sparred with Carlos Adamus. Uh we will see in a minute. Yes. Who switches to lefty all the time. Wow. Couple of lot of right hands delivered by Anas. Everything depends on the right hand. He says I my overhand right is the punch. That's the punch I have to land in this fight. And for Nuben, he has a deadly right hook. In fact, it was right hooks that forced Sebastian Fondora to take a knee in the seventh round of their fight of the year candidate in 2022. The first time that Fondora went down as a pro and Luben firing off the left hand. What do you look for early Abner? Yeah, obviously from Arya, you want to take this fight into the inside like he's doing right now. Make it a dirty fight. make it a difficult fight and remind Luben a little bit of that tough fight he had against uh Pandora. Take him back to those memories. If you're Luben, obviously Luben, you want to box. You want to stay in your back foot to pick your shots like he's doing and you know to maintain the distance. Step back. Step stop. That might stop when I say stop. Okay. Right. Right. Ruben working his seventh fight with Kevin Cunningham who does not regret his decision to pull Ruben out of the fight against Bondor. Counter right hand landed for Arios upstairs as Luben fires off a piston-like jab. Yeah. Not before getting hit with that left from Luben, but a beautiful overhand right from Arias. Arius said he wanted to make this an allout war. He's bringing the heat to Luben early as we are just over one minute left in the first round. Luben's jab. Uh, he wants to throw a lot of them. He's thrown 10 here in round one. He'd probably like to even punch that number up. Yeah, uppercuts are also part of his highly regarded arsenal. And Aries has to be careful because he's putting himself in line just and he does. Look at that perfectly for that uppercut. And Admir, we talked about it watching tape on Arias, the propensity to do so, but man, sitting down on those right hands and Arius again with just nine knockouts in his 20 victories. Not known for his pop, but he's bringing the pressure and sitting down on those shots here in the opening round. Going to the body with a straight right hand is adios. Yeah, you want to keep doing that if you're Arios. Get Lub's attention to the body. keep them entertained then and entertained there and then all of a sudden you want to come up with the overhand left over right but this is where Luben will dictate terms at this distance and using his educated jab his sophisticated boxing skills and so Luben wasn't at the final press conference on Thursday due to flight issues Arias had to say a lot about Luben's chin and when they were at the weigh-in well Luben took exception to what Arias had to say They have been jawing at each other for about a week and this was where they really got after it had to weigh in. Um it's been spirited and I think we're looking to the continuation of that in this fight and they're both looking to test each other's the hairs of their chinny chin chins. Double up the jab sometime. Double it up and then fire the left hand and shoot the left hand at the net. Every time you jab, he dip here. Shoot it right at the neck and chest. All right, relax. Keep boxing good. And when he back up, step with him and keep [Applause] punching. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Don't worry. The bell. Round two. We talk about Erikson Luben still being only 27 years of age. Started boxing at eight. Considered a can't miss Olympic prospect. But then at 18 He turned pro, captured the attention of the boxing community at 19 when he graduated to Showbox and now has already vied for a championship losing to Charlo Jal Charlo in the first round but bounced back impressively and then we saw the fight with Doran. So we'll see what he's able to do on the comeback trail in this fight against Arias. Yeah, I'm sorry. And Aras feels that, you know, the L the Luben fight against uh Fendora took a lot out of Luben, but it is not showing what to not in the first round and not in the beginning of the second round. There was the uppercut that we we that Maul talked about and that is an important weapon for Erikson Luben. It's an excellent punch and it is one that um RS is available to at his best. Erikson Lubin is like the hybrid of the sweet science and the savage science. He can box with the best of them and he's got knockout power. Yeah, he's the ultimate boxer puncher in the dictionary. When you see the the word in there, his picture would be next to it. You know, he is, I think, being invested in the jab. Maybe not as many as he wants to throw so far, but when he's throwing it, he's throwing it with conviction to try and keep our eyes off him. What cost him against Fondora was the trench warfare and absorbing that high volume. And here on the inside, you know, Aras is going to try to take exception and has done so in this fight. Yeah, he does it at moments, but being really smart in holding tight or getting closing the gap in order for Arias not to let go. And Aras has been penalized in previous fights. Not to say he's a dirty fighter, but he's willing to do whatever it takes. He could be rough in there. Two straight jabs make it three. The hattick for Ericson movement. And then the straight left hand likes to change the tempo. Catch a Yeah. And it's a fast jab. It's not It's not so much a setup jab, but it's also a power jab. He's using it both ways. And every time he lets go, the left hand is just beautiful from Luben. You know, Luben normally lands 43% of his power punches, everything other than the jab. He's landed 46% so far in this fight. So, he's done doing a good job with that. Undisputed champion is Jamal Charlo recovering from a broken hand. We saw Tim Zoo obliterate Carlos Okmpo in the first round last Saturday from Australia like his father bringing the thunder from down under and we can't wait to see that showdown. But things heating up here between Erikson Luben and Luis Alias. Great round for Luben. Yeah, there was a beautiful overhand left from Luben. Okay, stop punching. Break. Stop punching. Stop punching. Don't push like that. You hold him too. Time. Yeah, time. Luben in the last round was able to get straight after we talk about his hook, but he's able to curl this left hand around the guard of Aras. And then we'll see there's the uppercut on the inside that landed as well. Let's take a look at the keys to victory for these two men. For Luben, use a jab a lot. He's been doing that in this fight. He has countered effectively also as Aras has come in and yes he has concentrated on that uppercut and landed it on several occasions already. As for Luis Aras start fast. Well, he kind of did in round one but then slowed down after that. He needs to I think get close and work the body more. He normally lands 34 of his punches that landed or the body punch. He needs to land the overhand right. That's his key weapon. [Music] Round three scheduled for 10 between Erikson Luben and Luis Aras. They're fighting just over the 154 lb limit. You know, Arius was counting on his belief that Luben is damaged goods. Luben coming out saying that he would dominate Arius that he's faster, stronger to Paul Luben. My speed kills him. Yeah. And it's showing right now the speed, the accuracy from Luben has just been phenomenal in this this whole entire fight right now. The distance that that that Luben is managing is just too much for Ari. I'll be and remember Aries is putting so much hope on that overhand right, but he hasn't put himself in position to really land it. And it an excellent round for Erikson Luben uh in the last round. Um and you know, we said it right at the end of the round, but those numbers punctuate that. We talked about Luben working with Kevin Cunningham for Aras. He trains in Las Vegas with Ismael Sales. Sales not here tonight. Chief second is Yanir Leeski. Aras from Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Have to give a quick shout out to Bellator. Bantamweight champion Sergio Pettis with the win of his career over Bellator. Go Patricio Bipple in your hometown of Chicago. Pettis from Milwaukee. That was a great night by the way. You guys did a wonderful job and that was a great great card. And what about his older brother, former UFC WBC champion Anthony Pettis, 36, beat Roy Jones Jr. in his pro boxing debut. Yes, Mr. Jones 54. But still, history will show an Anthony Pettis defeated Roy Jones Jr. It's on It's on the record. A nice right hand from Luben chopping right to Arus off the ropes. [Applause] Yeah, Aras is walking in with his hands down. And he's trying he's trying to get in get in the inside fight, but Luven is just too slick. The punches are so clean and it you know it's just really a matter of time from Mario Fel talked about. Yeah, that's his ticket in this fight. And he's not a big knockout puncher. We pointed out only nine knockouts in his 25 fights, but that's going to be the thing that at least he thinks can turn this fight around. Yeah, he's trying to catapult the fireball over the moat. Yeah, the way he threw that punch. An overhand right indeed. There's a nice straight left that bothered Arias forcing him to clinch. Chopping right. Mubin begin opening up here with 20 seconds left in the third. Yeah, Ericson movement is really controlling this fight now as he said he would do. His goal to dictate the terms and we are now through three scheduled 410. Luben looking to bounce back. Hey, [Applause] the arx and luben uh right hook is a a well-known weapon as they kind of battle on the inside and the and you're going to see as they break here, he's going to rip the right hook. I mean, the luben right hook is really one of his superb weapons in the ring, but he has a good left hand as well. here. He's going to use the the the right hook and then well it's the right hook that mostly landed there. Um so it was a repeat of the right hook and uh it was a you know that's a a huge weapon for him as we pointed out. Yeah, that's Sebastian Fedor as we mentioned. Come on man, show these people your arms. So Kevin Cuttingham with the uh basic instructions of Come on man. I know. I know. I know. I think he should be he should be pleased with what he's seen from Luben. I would think. Yeah. Round number four. I think uh he sees things that you know we obviously we do and Luben even more being inside that you know there's times where he can counter punch a little bit more. Speaking of Luben, but all go for it. Cuttingham is no nonsense as it gets. Former police officer, but he he gets the best out of his fighters, especially southpaws. Yeah, especially when Arya try Aria tries to go with the overhand right. He misses. You got to counter counter that uh overhand right. Oh, beautiful combination. Finds the target for Luben. You know, winning that foot battle, too. Lewis Rare has just been an inconsistent fighter over the years. And in this fight, we see moments where it looks like he's getting it together and then he doesn't quite. And that's unfortunately been his pattern in fights and career-wise. Well, among the shots to the head, move with a huge edge. Um, you know, and Arius wants to go downstairs a little bit more. He hasn't been that effective to the body either, though. And Arius momentarily hung out to dry there as he found himself doubled over the ropes. Nice sharp jab from Luben. You got his arm. And there if Arius was counting on Luben being damaged goods, uh, doesn't appear to be the case, Abner. Not at all. Not at all. If anything, you learn from that. Oh, be careful not get disqualified. That was going back to Luben learning from the Pandora fight. You know, every time there is a inside fight, Luben gets the best of it because he gets in really close. he picks his shots or even he he holds and he turns, you know, something that he wasn't doing in that last fight. Man, such a sharp jab. I know it's the fundamental, the the basic weapon, but so important now. Yeah. And Luben came into this fight with that on his mind that that was going to be a major weapon, and he's committed to it. So, 63 and is landing 37% of his jabs, which is pretty good. Under a minute left here in the fourth and Aras trying to rough it up a bit, trying to knock off his game, disrupt his rhythm. And we saw a lot of great jazz last night. Abner boxing at its best is jazz and Ericson Lubman can can improvise with the best of the rhythm. What a beautiful tone playing especially moving and Ario's I mean you got to give it to him. He's been taking some really hard shots and still up. He's been playing the role of the drum, the percussion courtesy of Luben who's walking down Arias. And Arias whips a right hand back at Luben. Tries to come forward, but just continues to go with that right hand. And Luben meanwhile staying composed. time. [Applause] Well, an awkward moment for these fighters when they Luben goes down and and Aras, as Abner aptly pointed out, was flirting with uh getting disqualified if that punch had landed. And then uh against the ropes, we're going to see another counter right hook by Luben. And we one of the things we put in the keys counter effectively he he did that. You need to be closer. You need to be closer. You need to be working. You need to work harder. You know you throw a lot of punches. So just that's the way you have to fight. That's the way you kill them. You kill people by your volume. So use it. Come on. We have them. How you feeling? Good. All right. Let's go. Coming into this fight, 40% of Aras's landed punches were body shots. And you hear his corner, the sense of urgency already here in just round five, wanting him to get busier. And he doesn't set up the right hand, just throws it. Yeah, he's overreaching and he's got to be careful, but you know, if you were going to throw that overhand, right, you got to follow it up with something and continue to close the gap and get in the inside. Yeah. And the reason for Oh, wow. Well, two things just happened there. Great uppercut by Luben and a counter right by Aris. The problem is the reason AB is correct is Arus isn't a one-punch knockout artist even though he might hurt you with that right hand. So he does need more. Yeah. Just nine knockout victories out of his 20 wins. He's 20 and three with one draw, one no decision. Luben 24-2 with 17 knockouts. Rocks to avoid the ropes. Pivots and Aras on the again. Arias has to be careful. Referee Zack Young calling timeout. You don't like that. You do anything more there, I'm going to take points. It's the last warning. Okay, last warning. All right, watch your head. You also watch the pushing anymore for I'm going to take a point. All right, last warning. Last warning. Time in was penalized one point against Von Alexander for low blows in the fifth. Penalized one point against Luke Peeler or Keeler for punching on a break. So again, we talk about the fact he has been deducted points in the f in the past. Luben, meanwhile, has never been deducted a point. And if this fight starts to slip away a little bit for RS, you could see him getting rougher and rougher to try and get moving into that. Of course, getting desperate, trying to do whatever it takes to to get a win. It's intriguing that Arius is the one retreating here in this fight. Now, we talk about recovering mentally and physically from that battle with Sebastian Fondora. Of course, ring rust always comes up after 14 months. Al, any signs that you can see in terms I guess not. I guess not. Arius goes down for the fifth time in his career. Seven 8 9 10. No ring rust and Aras has been stopped. Erikson Luben picks up his 18th knockout victory. Interesting stoppage. There might be some what you call controversy, Mr. Bernstein. Well, yeah, it it it's heaven forbid controversy in boxing match. I mean, clearly Eric was dominating Arius and winning that round dramatically as Kevin Cunningham consoles Aras. Uh, but seemed odd to stop the fight there, but you know, I'm sure some will comment on it. Yeah, really odd. I don't think it was the moment to stop the fight. Like mentioned, he was losing. He was hurt losing that entire round, but uh I think he could have continued. He had been down four times previously. Goes down for the fifth time and that was enough for referee Zack Young to stop the fight. So Erikson Luben after being out of the ring for 14 months recovering from shoulder surgery and a broken nose in that loss to Sebastian Fondora comes back with the win. Let's go back to the stoppage and hear what referee Zack Young was up to. [Applause] Down. Corner. Corner. 5 6 7 8 9 10. [Applause] He may have ruled He may have ruled that he didn't beat the count. It's It was a little tight. It was. And you heard say claim that it was a punch behind the head and that dropped him. It will go down as Luis Sarius's fourth loss and at 33. This was a mustwin situation. Very frustrating for Arias. And we revisit the stoppage uh to show what Erikson Luben did offensively. There was a right hand. Yeah, it may have strayed a little back to the head, but not I don't think it was dramatically illegal. Um, and of course, the luben right hook had been such a good weapon. And we'll we'll see here to see whether he beat the count. We can even see the count on the fingers. Well, it was in between nine and 10, I guess. And Arya's distressed, but he Jack Dempsey's birthday no long count tonight. Yeah, there you go. Um, this is going down again and he's already starting to plead his case of because of the what he believes was a punch behind the head. Now, you can't say Zack Young wasn't letting him know what the number was on the count. Well, I don't know if I don't know if he beat it or he didn't. Yeah, usually with that with that last line the referee gives you that moment to see to get up to see where you are in balance situation with we know I mean and again referee has to call the fight the way he sees fit but with Luis Saras a crossroads knowing how important this fight was to have it go that way is going to leave a very bitter taste in his mouth. Meanwhile, Erikson Luben victorious. Let's go to Jimmy Lennon Jr. to make it official. [Music] Ladies and gentlemen, we have the time of 2 minutes 11 seconds. In round number five, our referee reaches the count of 10. He is the winner by way of knockout. Ericson Hammer Luben. [Music] [Applause] So, Erikson Luben bounces back from the second knockout loss of his career, stopping Luis Aras, and he's standing by with Jim Gray. All right, Mororrow, thank you very much. Erikson, congratulations. Good bounceback victory after the 14 months off. How would you assess your performance? Um, I got to go back and look at the tape, but I felt like I was um, landing my shots pretty well, landing my jab frequently and um, you know, he was just a lot slower than I was and I was able to see everything he had coming. So, I felt good. I've been in the gym since my Fondora loss. I mature more outside the ring and you know, I'm ready for them all. Little bit of controversy here. Did you think he was up before the count? And did you think the fight should have been stopped? I don't know. I don't know. I know. Um, if they would have let him keep fighting, I was going to I was going to attack him. I was going to try to get him out anyway. So, I knew he was hurt. I heard him with a body shot early in the round and he he started to slow down a little bit and then the head shot just put him down. A lot of people thought you might have been damaged based on the injuries and what happened to get Fondora. Uh how would you respond to that and and do you think that your performance is enough of a response? Um you know um that Fondora fight just motivated me, man. You know, we got fight of the year last year and you know I just came back strong. You know um it it just motivated me, man. I'm ready for them all. I'm ready for the fights at 154. I'm ready for the winner of tonight's main event. All right. You're just 27 years old. Let's take a look here at the backdown, which was the end of the fight right here. Tell us from your vantage point, Erikson, what you see. I knew he was hurt with a body shot, so I just kept pressing him. I was talking to him a little bit. He had his guard up. I went to the body hard. I Oh, yeah. That was a good equilibrium shot. Hit him with hit him with a right hook right to the temple. He went down. He tried to blame it on the back of head, but he was hitting me in the back of the head all night. All night. All right, Ericson got a prediction for I'm