Kind: captions Language: en One good clean fight. Good luck to both of you. Touch them up. The bell in round one. Lucero ending a career-long 245day layoff riding a fiveight knockout streak. Though none of them rate anywhere close to Lucero's level. Then again, the reason for taking this fight was to prove to the world and himself that he belongs at this level. Trying to split the guard with the left. And there's a body shot from Lucero putting an early investment. Venuela switching to the southpaw stance at the first switch we've seen early on as both fighters at times have been able to go to either side. [Applause] Nice right hand from Lucero. Good combination by Lucero. Valenuela on the ropes trying to fight his way off. Both of them digging away. Good body shot by Lucero. Overhand right by Lucero and the southpaw. Valenuela missing with the sweeping right hook. Valenuela clinching. Digs to the body with a right hand. Another body shot by Valenuela. Wide punches by Valenuela. And there's a left hook that clips Valenuela by Lucero on the ropes now. Now fighting out. And there's a nice right uppercut on the inside by Lucero. But Valenuela throwing punches and bunches. Yeah, not a lot of defense from Lucero. But I like that high guard. He closes his guard really well. Lucero's uppercuts finding their home on the inside. Another wide right hand from Venuela. Leaning in. Short left hooks by Lucero to the head of oh my right sweeping right hand dropped to Venuela and that is the first knockdown of his career officially. And here's the replay right there. Lero trying to let his hands go. Perfectly timed right when Valenuela was going to let his hands go. We talked about him opening up the guard and he did. He was going to get ready to throw that right hand and Lucero's right hand landed first. And Lucero trying to close the show with 10 seconds left in the round. Lighting up Valenuela with these combinations. And the referee steps in and stops the fight. Much to the eye of Omar Valenuela, but Esau Lucero will get the second round TKO after dropping Valenuela in the second stanza. Here we go again. There's another replay of just the barrage of punches, the finish, the ending head shots, and the referee had seen enough. Just a lot of head shots that Valenuela was was taking. Our referee in charge stops the contest. He is the winner by 12. Technical knockout. And still undefeated, Puro Mexico is La Bestia Lucero. [Applause]