Kind: captions Language: en [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Yeah, that's not what it seems. If you letting it go, it'll haunt you or follow your dreams. This is the moment I wanted. I know that I needed it. Always knew I would be great, but I'm glad that they seeing this. I ain't stopping. No. Let's go. My soul is [Applause] fire. I will not slow [Applause] [Music] down. They can't stop me now. Go ahead. Try to catch them. Everything I'm getting back [Applause] [Music] day against my mind backst. Yeah. Make it right. Pre-sale tickets are available this Tuesday, June 3rd, from 10:00 a.m. Pacific until 10:00 p.m. Pacific through axs.com with code PBC. Public on sale is scheduled for Wednesday, June 4th at 10:00 a.m. Pacific through axs.com. All right, let's go to BC standing by now with both Manny Pacquiao and the welterweight titleist Mario Barios. Well, business just picked up here in Las Vegas. July 19th, you'll see the WBC welterweight champion Mario Barios and the eighth division 11 legend Manny Pacquiao. Manny, long layoff. You could have come back probably against anybody. Why pick out the champion in the division to make this historic return? I believe with fighting with Bario, we can give a good fight and we can entertain the fans. I mean, uh, that's pretty sure because Bario is a good fighter also. He's a champion. The biggest question from everybody, Manny, is how much do you have left? I'll ask you that at 46, what can we expect to see from the the great Pac-Man? You know me, I always bring uh surprises to the fans like uh like what I what I did before. I have to train hard and make sure that 100% condition on the fight. Mario, you've been on the highest level before pay-per-view fights with Tank and Keith Thurman. But getting a name like this to defend your title against July 19th here in Las Vegas, it's got to feel like a mountaintop moment in some ways. No, definitely. You know, this is huge. Uh this year for me is this year for boxing, you know, uh living legend, you know, coming back out of retirement, you know, to uh to fight for my to fight me for for my WBC title. Uh it's an honor, you know, to be defended against him, but you know, I'm expecting one of one of the hardest fights of my career. And uh I think that's exactly what people are going to see on July 19th. I know the admiration, the respect you have for Manny Pacquiao. How do you turn that off on fight night going in against a legend like this? Oh yeah. No, like nothing but but respect for him. nothing but respect for everything he's accomplished and done in his career. But at the end of the day, you know, he's in there. He's trying to take what's mine. So like once once that bell rings, it's just business. Manny, you have a chance to join the history books with the likes of Bernard Hopkins, George Foreman, Archie Moore. Do you feel like you have the potential to be an inspiration for us 40 and over guys to follow your dreams in a big moment? That's what I'm trying to do, to be an inspiration to the uh the young kids and also the people who love boxing. Manny, you'll also be inducted into the boxing hall of fame in June, one month before this fight. Congratulations. What does that honor mean to you? Thank you. It's a great honor for me to be inducted as a hall of fame. Uh and also uh that's that's a history, man. I I can't believe it. I can imagine in my in my boxing uh career, I I will get uh the Hall of Fame. We know his accolades. What type of fight should we expect when you two touch gloves? July 19th. I think everybody knows what what type of fight Manny brings. Uh everybody knows that, you know, I I never shy away from, you know, an action-packed fight. I think uh July 19th is is going to be nothing short of of an exciting night for boxing and just, you know, the the the world of sports. The world champion Mario Barios, the living legend, Manny Pacquiao. July 19th, BBC on Prime Video pay-per-view.