Kind: captions Language: en Thank you very much, BC. On this day in 1895, the Manassa Muller, Jack Dempsey, who was heavyweight champion from 1919 to 1926, was born. He heavily influenced fellow Hall of Famer Mike Tyson, who was the reason Fernando Martinez took up the sport at the age of 11. Tonight, the undefeated Argentine defends his 115 lb title against the unbeaten Filipino, Jade Borneia. While we hope to avoid long counts, it's been a long time since the 28-year-old Bornea has seen his wife and two young children in the flesh. Two years to be exact. The Las Vegas base told his wife he would not return to the Philippines without a championship belt. A victory tonight and he'll get to enjoy real facetime with his family as a newly minted champion. Like Borneo, the 31-year-old Martinez, he grew up in poverty. The seventh of 12th brothers in the slums of Laboka, one of Bueno Zari's toughest neighborhoods. His inspiring story has seen him overcome myriad issues, including depression and alcohol abuse following the death of his father, Abel. In 2014, his father's dying wishes fueled Martinez to become a 2016 Olympian and a 115 lb title holder. He dethroned long-rating champ lefty Drewan Ankah via unanimous decision in February of last year. He recorded the same result when they ran it back last October. He is the only current titleist from Argentina. Let's take a look at the numbers for this fight. And for Martinez, this is same old same old. He always is facing a reach and height disadvantage, but he gets past that by getting on the inside. Jay Bouia would like to prevent him from doing that. and the rules here in Minnesota. Only the referee can stop the fight. We are set for a 115 lb championship bout with the official introductions. Here's the Hall of Fame ring announcer, Jimmy Lennon Jr. fire. Ladies and gentlemen, a very good evening to you and welcome to the Armory here in the beautiful city of Minneapolis, Minnesota as Premier Boxing Champions and Showtime present a big night of action coming your way. And we extend a special welcome to the brave men and women serving around the world. And joining us tonight on AFN, the American Forces Network. Well, fans are opening about as a world title attraction sanctioned by the IBF, the president Daryl Peoples, supervisor Pete Padorski. Introducing our three judges scoring from ringside. From Wisconsin, Mike Fitzgerald from Illinois, Jerome Jacobco, and from California, Zack Young. Introducing our referee in charge, our third man in the ring, Charlie Fitch. All right, fans, here we go. 12 rounds of boxing, a showdown of undefeated battlers for the IBF Junior Bantamweight Championship of the World. Introducing to you first on my left, the challenger, fighting out of the red corner, wearing red trunks with black and gold trim, hailing from General Santos City, Kotabato Delsur in the Philippines. He weighed in at the junior bantamweight limit of 115 lbs. He is undefeated in his campaign to the ring with a record of 18 wins, no losses, 12 wins coming by way of knockout. Tonight in his Showtime debut, he is making his first attempt at a world title. Please welcome the challenger, the undefeated IBF number one ranked contender, Jade Hurricane [Music] Bora. And his opponent across the ring on my right, the defending world champion finding out of the blue corner, entering the ring, wearing black trunks with red and gold trim, hailing from Laboka, Buenos Cyrus, Argentina. He weighed in at 114 and 12 lbs. He also is undefeated in his campaign with a record of 15 wins, no losses, eight wins coming by way of knockout. Tonight, making the second defense of his title. Please welcome the undefeated IBF junior bantamweight champion of the world. Introducing Fernando Puma [Applause] Martinez. Once again, a referee in charge, Charlie Fitch, now to give instructions. Good evening, Jay. Good evening, Fernando. Gentlemen, you both know the rules. Let's have a great fight. Touch gloves. Come on. Fight and get the bell. Referee Charlie Fitch with 22 years of pro experience, his 385th professional fight. What a way to kick off this triple header with a 115 lb title tilt. Two undefeated fighters ready to throw punches in [Music] bunches. The bell and round number one. Speaking of throwing punches in bunches in his title winning victory over Ankahas, Martinez landed a division record 421 power shots. And by the way, Borneia had Ankahos in camp with him and he told them to take care of his head and not be cornered by Martinez. And we already we have a surprise already. Bornea normally starts out his fight as a righty and switches to lefty as Abner pointed out in the open. He's I'm going to be a lefty right off the bat, which is interesting. Yeah, he normally does it in the second round. Now he chose to come out just like that. And if you ask Martinez's trainer, Rodrigo Calabra, he says, "Hey, lefties are better for us. Martinez likes them even more than orthodox fighters." Something you don't hear every day. Apollo Creed's trainer would not have agreed with that. Hey, we just saw Martinez beat uh Anahas twice in a row. So, that's the case there. Yeah, with anyone with the kind of pressure that Martinez has, you know, right, left hand, doesn't matter because this guy's always going to try to close the gap and try to be in the inside. Martinez known for all out pressure. Borneo Moore, the heavier puncher. 12 of his 18 wins have come inside the distance compared to just eight of 15 for Martinez. But Martinez has a habit of wearing you down, putting on the pressure and delivers a straight right up top to Bornea. But now from a southpaw, Borneia coming forward as well. So, as expected, both of them having their moments early. Yeah, and I'm surprised that Bornea hasn't started working ripping to the body. He usually used that straight left to the body and he start he's got to start doing that because Martinez just does not stop coming and that is a way to, you know, break him down. Yeah. coming off back-to- back body blow kos last year. Not surprising since 42% of his total connects target his opponent's torsos. Yeah, he is he loves the body and uh and those two knockouts uh really demonstrate that. Under a minute left here in the opening round. Again, double right-handed and then nice curling left hook behind the high guard by the champion Martinez has on the ropes going to town with the left hooks. This is with that last sweeping left hook upstairs and a nice three punch combination ripped off by the challenger Borneia. Yeah, if you're Borne, I think what you want to do now is, you know, you want to play the catch and shoot a little bit or do that pressure as well. Don't let Martinez get out first. The intriguing thing is that Foria is pushing Martinez back in Ronald and that's surprising on every level. And there's Borneia. Upper cut to the midsection of the defending champion coming up on the final 10 seconds of the first frame. Nice counter. Right hook upstairs by Bourne. And he's backing up Martinez. And Martinez fires off a lift. So, as expected, lots to enjoy in the first round. Take a look at what these two men need to do. Uh for Martinez, pump up the volume. Uh didn't do that so much in round number one. He averages 70 punches per round. Can't square up. That allows his opponent to land punches better. The double left hook is a great weapon for him. He hasn't been inside where he can do that so much in this fight yet. As for Borneo, uh, don't stay inside. He wants to fight from range. He did that even though he was pressing Martinez. And he did this in round one as a lefty. He landed a jab and a straight left hand, the one, two, a lot. And we did start to see him go downstairs to the body late in the round. So a strong start by the challenger according to show stats because according to our show stats he went 11 of 43 to Borneia compared to 10 of 29 for Martinez. Now obviously how they they landed almost the same but the fact that Martinez only threw 29. His his dep his offense was you know downshifted. Yeah that's really surprising for him. Uh normally he would punch way more. He said he averages uh 70 punches per round and yet an entertaining round. Yeah, very good. Yeah, this fight's going to be entertaining. I think we all agree. Yeah, especially in these in this weight class. I mean, these fighters are known to throw a lot of a lot of punches. They're balling punchers, especially Martinez. There's Martinez ripping a double hook, one downstairs, one to the head, and Martinez beginning to sit down on his punches. Had Bornea pinned to the ropes and let loose. And that's what I mean when Bouia's put in that position in that place, he's got to come back with something. You got to catch those shots and shoot back. Martinez flipped that shot, went to the body with the right hand again, leads with the left hook, and really beginning to go to the left hook a lot. Gia added uh different conditioning trainers for this fight because he felt this fight is likely to go 12 rounds, he said. And he's he got he's never been at this. He said, "I'm going to be ready for a tough battle." And guess what? In this round, he switched to righty. How about that? Yeah. Bornia's trainer in Alphantineia, also the trainer of the only current Filipino title is unified 122 lb champ Marlon Tales. There's a right hook curled behind the guard of Martinez, but then he counters with another hard left hook upstairs. See, he's starting every combination now with the jab. Setting up the jab is the key for Bernia right now. This division is so deep. Earlier today, we saw Kazutotoyoka defeat Joshua Franco in the rematch in Japan to become a new belt holder after Franco missed weight. There's Juan Francisco Estrada Zutoto Nakatani also belt holders. And Martinez looking to successfully defend his trap for the second time. Beautiful left hook to the body by the champion. This fight, you can feel this fight, you know, just starting to uh cook and I think it's going to be great. Both men are doing excellent work here in this round. Man, Martinez mulling Bio long the ropes. Borneo able to escape. Resets and then from the south stance goes to the body. Yeah, Martinez doesn't care if he misses a few shots here and there. As long as he has you on the back foot, he feels comfortable. Yeah, that's a really good point. Still nowhere near the offensive output we are accustomed to seeing from Fernando Martinez as we complete two rounds in this 12 round championship fight. Let's go to Jim Gray. How do you assess your preparation? Excellent preparation. No complaint whatsoever. I feel strong. I feel ready. And I'm ready to roll. 33rd of 35 children. Say hello to the 35 the 34 others who are watching real quick. All right, we're going to go back out tomorrow. They understood that. All right, Jim, thank you very much. Round three, and it's off to a sizzling start as Martinez goes to the body, but Bornea targets upstairs. And Borne is the one known for the fervent body attack, but he's now targeting the head with the jab. Good footwork by Martinez to reset in the center of the ring. Yeah. And it's now Bernia setting the tone. Not like that. You got to set the tempo. You got to change it once in a while. Push Martinez back. And he's doing it really good right now. You know, Martinez is not a knockout puncher. Only half his fights. Defense, by the way. He fights like a knockout puncher. He's so aggressive and he wants to get inside and and like we said, he idolizes Tyson. So that's his style. Beautiful combination by Borneia culminating with a right hook to the body and then he met Martinez coming in with a right hook upstairs. Yeah, I think Mart Martinez, I'm sorry, he knows that he doesn't have the power out like you mentioned, but he could overwhelm you with that the balling punching and you know that's how he gets fighters out. Coming up on the midpoint of the third round. Nice combination by Borneia. Martinez digs away to the body. So they're flipping the scripts on us here. It's Cornia going upstairs, Martinez downstairs. [Applause] That seemed to bother Martinez. Got him really well on the There have been moments in this fight where Bernia has landed with some pop. You know what he has? I mean, he sees Martinez in front of him, but the fact that he's been away from his wife and two young children for two years and now literally on the cusp of getting to go home as champion, he has to fight the fight of his life tonight. Under a minute left in the third. Two years. My god. Lots of motivation. Equally lot of motivation for Martinez. Yeah, that's for sure. Check out by Martinez. Martinez got a late start as a pro in his great amateur career, but he's going to be 32 in a month, but you know, he's a fighter still fresh. Abner Bourne bothered Martinez with some of these combinations, forcing him to retreat, something we're not used to seeing from the champion. Yeah, the fundamentals and we're talking about the one two the distance that Bouia is setting up right now is is just perfect for him and Martinez just can't get in. Every time he wants to get in, Borne is already taking that step back and setting back out, back up with the jab. [Music] Jay Borne has shown us the ability to be a very good combination puncher. What did I say in the uh Well, this wasn't the one two, it was the the jab, but then he threw the left and then came with the right hook. So, a three-punch combination with a right hook was the signature punch. You're you're letting get him set. Okay. Then you have to come in. So, fight small and then come in and then you have to wait for the volume of punches that he comes and then you come back. You understand? We're good. We're good. We're good so far in the fight. Feeling a little Vaseline there up top. How are you feeling? Good. [Applause] [Music] Round number four scheduled for 12 for Fernando Martinez's 115 lb title. A battle of unbeaten fighters. The challenger Jade Bouia is 18-0 with 12 knockouts. The champion Fernando Martinez 15-0 with eight KOs. It's all about setting the tempo right now for both fighters, either fighter. If it's Martinez, you want to set the high tempo pressure. And if you're Berna, Bernia, you want to be calm, pick your shots just as he's doing right now. And if you're just joining us, the champions in the black with red and gold trim. The first champion produced by promoter and former 140 and 147 lb champion Marcos Maidana. And Bouia coming forward. Beneia is winning the battle of geography in this ring. He's keeping Martinez at bay and using the reach advantage, the 2-in reach advantage that he has in this fight. He's using an educated jab. Now Martinez able to close the distance and again unccork his vaunted left hook upstairs. Nice short right hand to the body by Martinez. Yeah, the basic fundamentals for for Nia, the one, two, jab, jab, and I like I like what he's doing with it. I mean, it's just rhythm really. And he's perfectly balanced when you look at his stats over his last three bouts. 27 jabs, 28 power shots per round. So, he does know how to mix it up. And right now, he's really using the the fundamentals as you mentioned after that jab. And Martinez now starting to to jump in. Martinez's job to cut the distance in this fight. One of the things he could do, but he doesn't. and he only averages 11 jabs a round. The jab would help him cut the distance here, but now he is cutting it without the chopping right hand by Martinez. Under a minute now left in the fourth round. And really, it's all about Martinez's elevated output that has been the foundation for his offensive success in the past. And yet here in the first three plus rounds, it's more of a muted offensive attack. And yet, he's sitting down and landing some hard shots out. Yeah. and he has flipped the script in the last minute of this fight from from that narrative a little bit, but that has been the narrative to the to a certain extent. Doesn't mean he lost all those rounds, but he certainly did punch less, but now he's getting inside and doing some good work. Oh, is he taking a knee? That was a a clash of heads. Keep it clean. [Music] Martinez has never been down as a professional. Bouia has been down once against left-handed Ernest Delgado in his American debut. He said it was really a trip, but the referee called it a knockdown. That was in his first fight on American soil. His second one is for the champion title, but it's been an up and down road as it is for many prize fighters. And yet, here he is in the main event tonight against Carlos Adamus. Right now, our focus on this 115 lb championship fight as good as advertised as we begin round number five. Fernand Fernando Martinez defending the title against Jade Borneia. And that jab of Borneia used to keep Martinez at bay, but Martinez is finding a route inside and landing to the body. Yeah, there's been a subtle shift I think in the last couple of minutes of this fight in which Martinez has been able to work his way inside better and you know some one one or two of those early rounds Martinez might have still gotten a nod but it's just that Borneo who is step stepping up in class against a better fighter has shown he belongs in the ring with Martinez and doing exactly that right now Abner with his attack here in the fifth using that distance and still getting hit with those body shots but he's not swinging from his strategy. Yeah. No, obviously he knew he studied Martinez and he he knew that he was going to be a tough test, meaning he he knew that the pressure was going to be in there constantly, but for you, you want to keep that distance right there. Be patient. Jab, jab, take that step back and counter punch and take side steps. You know, you want to be out of the ropes. Sharp counter left hand by Borneia. And that's right, mid-range is where he would love to be. And now coming in with a combination, showcasing his hand speed. Yeah, you want to take advantage of moments like that, like where Martinez is not being too aggressive. Martinez would love to exploit Borneia being on the ropes. Martinez has been able in this round, and you see him on the inside working to cut that distance a little bit uh and and working with that hook. Brian Kuster says he calls himself mini Mike Tyson idolized him growing up and many times when you see him sit down with his punches his jaw ever you see a guy who was hellbent on trying to stop you a minute left in the fifth and I think Bourne is doing a really good job in you know these last couple of seconds what's happening is that Martine Martinez comes in and we talked about the catch and shoot not everything's going to land when Martinez throws and when he when they don't you got to be knee you got to throw the punches you You got to let him go. Sweet little lead left hook by Martinez and then doing a good job of avoiding the counterattack from Borneo. 30 seconds to the fifth. Martinez rips to the body just as Bordia went to the solar plexus. Boxing at its highest level for a 15 lb championship. And the great passionate fans at the armory as Barnea got tagged with two punches from the champion. Well, they deserve action like this as we head to round six. [Applause] [Music] Well, there's a moment when Martinez had been doing well when they clashed heads there. Um, and really it looked like Bornea had gotten the worst of it, but it was Martinez that kind of uh had an issue from it. And there is Martinez with that left hook when he had Borneo against the ropes. That of course is a weapon Martinez wants to use regularly. Borneia com using good combinations, but that left hook of Martinez when he gets that thing on cork, it's a very good punch. Okay, timing. Let's do some timing. We're almost done. We're almost there. Just a few rounds left. This is a world championship fight. This is a world championship fight. Just think about that. Think about your family. Okay, box. Round six scheduled for 12 for the 115 lb championship. Coming into the fight, Fernando Martinez had been averaging over 70 punches thrown per round. Much less here in this fight and that also again due to the attack of Jay Bourne, but a nice counter left by Martinez. Borneia landed a combination. And the trick in this fight is who's landing well. you know, uh we saw that with Benvitas and Plant. Benvitas didn't throw as many punches early, but didn't lose all those rounds, even though that happened. So, it's tricky. Uh it's true what we're saying. I know. Tricky. It's hard to tell with these rounds. Who's winning? I love the run DMC. Hey, you know, I'm nothing if not a Run DMC fan. One minute has elapsed here in the six. Cornia flashing the jab. Oh, wait a minute. Clean clean clean clean clean clean clean clean clean clean clean clean clean clean clean clean right mean did they do any co-porter songs I can't remember no but I can totally understand what you mean by by you know some rounds that are really close I mean because they there are moments where Bernia is landing the straighter cleaner punches but then again the aggression from Martinez you know it's constant and you know we don't know what the referees are seeing and you're right because even in this sequence Borneia flashing the jab and yes it's that left hook that landed from Martinez upstairs and Now Borneia comes back with a combination. Yeah, these are close rounds and I I you know, you could go either way on a number of them. I think it's fascinating that Formia started as a lefty. He stayed as a lefty. He realized that was going to be his best chance in this fight. And that's usually the case watching tape is usually successful as a lefty. As the action picks up, he's cornered momentarily. Martinez going for the uppercuts, misses with the sweeping right as Borneo retreats and resets. You know, Bornea, it's early to say this, but he's never been 12 rounds before. Martinez has been 12 rounds twice in hard-fought matches with Anaha. So, we're going to keep an eye on Borneo. And Martinez is an excellent second half fighter. So, we'll see if Borneo can keep going what he with what he's doing. Yeah, definitely not easy obviously because of the pressure that Martinez puts in, but you know, you want to sit down a little bit more on those punches like Corner is doing right now and obviously work that body, rip the body for Martinez and bring him down to level. Speaking of oxygen and Martinez almost shooting himself out of a Canada, trying to bully his way inside, but Barnea, quick hands, beautiful work to the body. Final 15 seconds of the first half of this champion Championship fight. And Martinez goes to the body. We're at the midpoint of this championship fight. Fernando Martinez is champion because he dethroned longtime champion Jerwin Ankahos and then defeated him in a rematch earlier tonight. Anka. Well, he moved up in weight, super banterweight, and he took on his opponent Wilner Sodto and Al, it was a fourth round knockdown and that led to the stoppage. Yeah. And then Kahas showing us a lot of aggression. You know, he's a boxer puncher type, but even in stepping up with weight tonight, he was moving forward the whole fight. And again, he helped for Nia in his camp. Okay, get the volume up a little bit and watch out for the body work he's trying to display here against you. You need a little more water. No, you're good. Let's go. Let's go, Dorphy. Let's go. [Music] And we begin the second half of this championship affair. So much to unpack in those opening six rounds. Martinez starting out by mulling Borneo, bringing the pressure, bringing that offense he's known for. As we start round number seven, I think that the comment AU made the last round is a really important one for Borneo. He has got to try and land a significant body punch in this fight. Yeah, Martinez bearing down on Bourne to begin round seven. the most aggressive he has looked in this fight thus far. And he and he kind of did towards the end of the last round, but right now the pressure from Martinez is just, you know. All right, while we get a quick moment here, this action heating up, let's go to our unofficial score, Steve Forward, for his scores at the midway point. Oh, Martinez has been the aggressor. He doesn't mind missing three if he can land two. I think he did very good work to the body, especially early in the fight. I have him up four rounds to do 5856 Fernando Martinez. Let's go forward. [Music] You can see now Borneo actually nice combination, but he's thinking of that body work and he's he's tried a couple times in this round to go down there. Looks like Martinez wanting to set a trap. comes in with the left hook. And now Borneia says, "You want to bully your way in? I could be a Ram, too. Let's batter." Yeah, Borneia was really smart in the beginning. If you notice, he kind of used Martinez's aggression for his benefit. I mean, he let him get get off all those punches. He missed a lot. He kind of tired out. And then Borneo pressuring and working the body. And Bornea now going downstairs. He's done a good job of staying off the ropes for the most part in this fight. Born hard counter right hand upstairs by the champion Martinez. Under a minute left in the seven. No punches. And Brio wanting to take flight a lot sooner than he would like to go to the Philippines. He's You see he's eager to get on a plane. He wants to fly. Nice body shot by Borneo. He said not without that belt. Nice combination. Bornea's jab and his hand speed evident. And and Al's mentioned it after you as well with the judges. What are you going to like more? Because Martinez has had the more eye-catching shots, harder at moments. Yeah, at moments, but I think it's it's uh Oras that are are more a little bit more eye-catching because of the distance where he's throwing them from. Okay. You know, this round is a is a a tale of two parts. The first part very good for Martinez. The second part good for Born. They they want me to go back to pro wrestling here, guys, with all of this. Lunging at each other. But any It's This is as real as it gets for both these guys. Undefeated with 115 lb title on the line. [Music] [Applause] [Music] He's running right now. You know, look at him. Just look at him. Just keep slowly going in. Just watch for his straight. Watch for his straight. Just don't hesitate and shock him. Martinez attacking and but Gora, you'll see him go downstairs kind of to the chest area of uh Martinez. He's starting to to target that body a little bit. [Music] Marks round number eight. 20 foot by 20 foot ring. And now you mentioned it. They're utilizing the real estate. These two 115 lb highlevel athletes who come from abject poverty, come from big families, have mouths to feed. And it truly is incredibly inspiring after you can speak to it how much they have to go through just to get here. And then they have to go through stuff like this to take the title. As you see on our unofficial score, Steve Farhood's scorecard, he has Martinez up now by one after giving Borneo the last two rounds. Yeah, closing up really well. Bernia definitely landing the best eye-catching punches, especially to the body. And to follow up to your question, yeah, I mean, these guys, you know, working really hard, separating from them families. Uh, a lot of sacrificing not only to the mind and to the soul, but left physically watching these two fighters go at it. Nice counter left hand by Martinez upstairs. Goes to the body with a couple of right hands. And again, I'm I definitely don't score, but I I do like the thutting power of Martinez when he does land. Martinez is, you know, normally this is the part of the fight and he started it in round six, but I don't know if he continued it. This is when Martinez usually really kicks it into even another gear, but Borneo's doing a pretty good job in the last two last round and a half to not let that happen. Yeah, he it seems like he's trying. He's definitely trying to push Bernia back. But it's that that step to the back to the side and that jab that Bernia is using that stick that is not letting Martinez get in as easy. Hard right hand by Martinez to the face of Borne but Bornez textbook one two is the story getting to the combinations first under a minute left here in the eighth round. Fainting. There's the pawing of the jab by Bourne and Martinez not closing the distance. now coming in with right hands but lunging it but there are some short lefts and rights that were effective for Martinez. I saw a lot of punches punches that were missed, but I think Bornia needs to practice the catch and shoot right there. Just perfect example. He caught that body shot. He came back with his own. When Martinez gets him against the ropes, he can be effective. And we saw him push him back there and use combination. And it almost seems like the way Borne is moving like he's trying to set a trap. But you're right, Martinez has been effective. And now lateral movement from Bourneia. And Bourne hasn't allowed himself to be trapped too much on him. No exchange along the ropes again. Martinez crashes in space and crashes into Cornelius head with punches. It's fun to watch him throw combinations. Great round. Great round. That's the way. Darth, very good. Very good. We love that round. He did start feeling it. He's starting to feel it now. How's he feeling? Good. Nice and calm. He's already hurt. Well, they love that round in the uh Martinez corner. Here's part of the reason why. They they were battling on the inside and Martinez did some pretty good work when he pushed Boua near the ropes, but that isn't to suggest the Bornea didn't as he threw that nice right hook. The Bornea right hook has been a good weapon in this uh in this fight. And then toward the end of the round, this was where Martinez uh kind of pushed back him pushed uh Bornea back against the ropes and that's where he throws those combinations and kind of tries to bully his opponent and he did a pretty good job and the left took a Martinez very important weapon showed itself there. Remember Anka who was in Bornez camp who was dethroned by Martinez told Borneia not to be cornered, take care of his head and Bornez got uh his his right ear. It looks like it's about to explode on a James Thompson and it blood. It may have just happened. Do you know Do you want to keep fighting or no? On Q. You want to keep fighting or no? Okay. Box. The ear the ear just blew up. Wow. And Martinez now all over Borneo. Blood on the camera lens. in this ninth round bringing attention to the Borneia and Martinez now on the prowl and Borneo retreating. The referee Charlie Fitch looking intently. His equilibrium may be messed with. Very weird that you would see that happen right next. Yeah. And James Thompson, by the way, against Kimble Slice on CBS Elite XC back in the day. Amir, what does this mean with your ear blowing up like that? Not that you've ever suffered an injury like that. Never have, but you mentioned I think the equilibrium more than anything. Uh the fact that he the opponent sees blood and he's right on top of Martinez, but it doesn't seem to be bothered right now. Speaking of well, I think he's kind of composed himself. got a tough spot there. I think at the moment he thought that the ref was going to take a look at it. A valiant effort by Borneo, but Martinez, this is vintage. Fernando Martinez. Body shot by Borneo. Martinez continues to bear down on the challenger. Just over a minute left in the ninth. An eventful ninth round it's been. And for some reason, and I he apparently feels it's better, Bornea has gone back to righty. Um maybe to protect that ear to keep the ear farther away. Back to the body goes the the body man Jade Bonia. And boy, high drama. And yet, as you mentioned, Al Bornea seems to have settled down trying to get back to his rhythm. But another left hook to the air. Here comes Martinez. You can really see Martinez targeting that here. Why wouldn't he? Right. This is when if you've got a great left hook, which Martinez does, it comes in handy. lead. Left hook, right hand power shots from the champion. In your out, you good, Jade? [Music] You good? You good? Oh my god. Indeed. Just [Music] focus. Just focus. Just focus. Focus. One more. Don't lie. Just watch. Watch when you jump around. Just punch the body right away. Shoot it. Give it to him. Give it to him. Give it to the body. Okay. Stay here. Get out of the ring. Time. Neutral corner. Come on. You got to get out of the ring faster. Please. Faster. Charlie Fitch. Referee did say please. And Jay Bourne able to continue lead left hook. lands to the side of the face by Martinez. And because that was not ruled as a clash of heads, it was from a punch. Obviously, if that would stop this fight, it would be a TKO win for Martinez. Yeah, that's hard to stop cut from the ear. I mean, another left hook to the ear. Rare that you see that kind of cut from a punch. Another lead left hook by the champion. Dr. Joe Howard has looked at the ear in between rounds, allowing the fight to continue. And if the left hook won't get you, that right hand will. But again, you cannot. I mean, the the fortitude, the courage, this is everything for Jade Bourne. This is everything he has ever aspired to be is this fight here tonight. Yeah, he's dealing with a lot right now. But, you know, like look at this round how it started. Bernia settle down a little bit allow your way back to the the the fundamentals going back to who was winning him this fight and those those straight punches. A beautiful bounceback round for Borneo. Now got caught with that lead right handed again. Needs to stay off the ropes out. Yeah. And Martinez raking him over the coals when he pushes him back. The blood spattered ringside with each and every punch thrown by Fernando Martinez. Again, lunges in and catches him with a hook. Oops. Martinez also fighting for his family. his daughter Alma, 8 years old, that's her name, tattooed across his back, carries not only her but his entire family in Argentina. And here with a minute left in the 10th, Baria trying to fight back. Chopping right hand by Martinez. One of the differences in this fight in the last several rounds is that left hook of Martinez. He got it going a few rounds ago. It's what caused the cut and it is his signature punch and it's changed this fight even though it was a close fight and the series of chopping right hands as well by the champion Martinez. Yeah, that's been no picnic either for Borneo. Borneo from the same hometown as the all-time great Manny Pacquiao, General Sto. City trying to rally. Yeah, Borneia definitely was being more effective uh as the southpaw stands, but now he can't turn back because I mean he would put his his ear in wrist. Another chopping right hand. A series of right hands by Martinez Borne. Stay standing and taking punishment at the end of round 10. [Applause] [Music] Well, we talked about the Martinez hook, but Marorrow accurately pointed out also that the right hand of Martinez has been a very effective weapon. And that one from distance. No, sometimes it's a chopping right hand from inside closer, but that one was from distance. And here here, yeah, using the jab as a pawing jab to set up that right hand. We think of the one-two combination coming from Borneia, which it has more in this fight. That one came from Martinez. Let's do this, Jade. Let's give him a one round. Let's get this round. Let's get this round. Championship rounds are upon us. A battle of undefeated prize fighters. The champion Fernando Martinez. He is in the black with red and gold trim. Chopping away at the challenger's face with those right hands. Left hook to the body. Jade Bora has been away from the Philippines and his young family for two years in pursuit of a championship belt. And Bornea has never been to the 11th round. And they did, by the way. Oh, here it comes. Yeah. And the referee, Charlie Fitch, steps in. And Fernando Martinez drops to his knees, looks to the heavens, and celebrates his second title defense, putting away a game. Jade Borneia sending Borneia to his first loss. And heartbreak in the corner of the challenger. and they had cautioned in between rounds to the corner that they might stop it because of the ear and they did. Martinez now 16 and0 with his ninth stoppage victory in a division as deep as it gets beginning to build his reputation. Yeah, and I just want to say that it was really I mean really unfortunate for Bonia because prior to him getting the ear blown like that. You know he was doing a really good job of maintaining the distance working with his fundamentals but you know again you know these things happen in fight fight fights and Martinez was able to take advantage of that and you know be able to get the stoppage tonight. [Music] Let's revisit the ninth round where a seminal moment in this fight happened. Uh, it was here where that left hand busted the ear lobe of Bornea and that blood got everywhere including our camera. Let's see it right here. Let's get gory like a Tarantino movie. Exactly. Yes. And uh, you know, Martinez took advantage as Admir said of that moment. Let's make it official. Here is Jimmy Lennon Jr. Ladies and gentlemen, we have the time of 29 seconds. In round number 11, our referee in charge, Charlie Fitch, stops the contest. He is the winner by way of technical knockout. And still the undefeated IBF junior bantamweight champion of the world, Fernando Puma [Applause] Martinez. Fernando Martinez remains undefeated. More importantly, remains 115B champion, sending Jade Borne to his first loss. And even though he didn't win the title, let's hope Borne is reunited with his family ASAP as we are here at the Armory. Always a great night of fights. Let's go to Jim Gray. All right, Mororrow, thank you very much. Felix De Jesus will translate for us. Fernando, congratulations. What do you think was the difference in this fight? No, definitely. Um, the training camp we had was brutal, was great. And I said before that the fight, the tougher fighter, the stronger fighter was going to win that fight and that was me. I also want to say hi to my daughter Alma, the one that's coming. El who's coming and of course my mother and father and everybody else. When you saw that his ear was damaged, did you target it to make him have difficulty? Yeah. No, I definitely saw the the injury in the ear and the the inflammation was like I've never seen before and I hit him with a left and it popped. It exploded. So, um, I had I even told the referee, "Hey, you know, be caution. I think he's really hurt." And, uh, that's when I just kept going at the year and trying to, uh, finish this fight. Fernando, congratulations on the stoppage. Sorry.