Kind: captions Language: en as we take a look at the tale of the tag. Martinez 6 and0 with four knockouts and one no contest since he won the vacant title with a ninthround TKO of Christopher Rosales. And in this game of proverbial inches, Cordova hoping to take advantage of his 1 in reach advantage over the champion. Both of them coming off career-long layoffs after Martinez's visa issues kept them from meeting back in December. Ladies and gentlemen, a very good evening to you and we welcome you to the T-Mobile Arena here in Las Vegas, Nevada, as Premier Boxing Champions presents the PBC pay-per-view on Prime Video inaugural event brought to you by TGB Promotions and No Limit Boxing as sponsored by DraftKings Sports Book. The crown is yours and Universal Pictures Monkey Man only in theaters this Friday. This bout is sanctioned by the WBC, the World Boxing Council President Mauricio Sulman. Introducing our three judges. Scoring from ringside. From Nevada, Tim Chetm from New York, Max Duca. And from Tennessee, David Hudson. Introducing our third man of the ring, the referee in charge of our opening world championship attraction, Chris Flores. All right, fans, here we go. 12 rounds of boxing for the WBC flyweight championship of the world. Introducing to you first, the challenger fighting out of the red corner, wearing red trunks with gold trim, hailing from Karacas, Venezuela. He weighed in at 111.8 8 lb. He is undefeated in his campaign in the ring with a record of 18 wins. No losses, one draw with 12 wins coming by way of knockout. Tonight he is making his first attempt at a world title. Please welcome the undefeated world rank contender. Introducing Anelino Urakan Cordova. his opponent across the ring, the defending world champion, fighting out of the blue corner, wearing black trunks with gold trim, hailing from Mexico City, Las Mexico. He weighed in at 111.6 lb with a record of 20 wins and three losses. He has 15 wins coming by way of knockout. Tonight, he is making the sixth defense of his title. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the defending WBC flyweight champion of the world, Julio Cesar El Martinez. Once again, our referee in charge, Chris Flores, now to give instructions. [Applause] [Music] First of four world championship fights to kick off this PBC pay-per-view from T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas. El the king Julio Cesar Martinez pounding his 112 lb strap against challenger Anelino Gordova and he is here because of what transpired in his last two fights both razor thin decision wins big upsets but prior to that he had faced a cavalcade of modest opposition and something to keep an eye on and pun intended always early in his last two fights Corb also suffered cuts over his left eye and Martinez much more experience. Absolutely right about the body. That's the experience of we about being susceptible to the left. Yes, he is. He gets hit with that. But right now, he's doing something really good, which is throwing Martinez off his gate, which is starting off fast. Cordoba's doing that really well, laying off his punches. And that's that's great punch combination from Cordob to the body stairs, utilizing movement as well. Not allowing Martinez to establish the offense. An explosive exchange of what Martinez is known for in the last two fights since he lost all time. Great moment for Gonzalez going up to 115 is below the fly and he explodes in first. He does and he's good at it and sometimes he plays too loose with his hands and he has his chin up and it's a very dangerous thing left uppercut lands for doing well in that mid-range and utilizing his footwork. I think he's throwing really well punches for us. Straight punches. Uh really tight, really good punches. Martinez is the one that's taking advantage of that with the offense. Beautiful right hand over the top by Cordova who he's got off a much stronger start. Left hook to Martina. Very aggressive early landing 15 to 44 punches compared to seven for the champion in three people left. A beautiful way to set up that left hook as well with the right hand right up a bit as well. Yeah, Mart knowing that this is his first time opportunity and he came prepared doing his homework. A much faster start, a better start than we have seen even in those two wins across a and um what was the opponent's name? Axel Vega and that's what I said in the when we when we started the he cleans up his defense and he did and it looked that way. Strong start for the challenger for Venezuela [Music] [Applause] Cordova trained by 2021. You got to keep those hands up nice and tight. How do you feel? Don't get hit so often. I don't want you over. I want you to be nice and tight. Even if you're down, wake up. So, we are set for round two. And already some harsh words from Martinez. corner user here trainer for this is what we've seen pro his career likes to clinch likes to slow down the momentum as soon as he thinks he's playing a really nice first corner I mean Martinez has just never seen something like that he's usually the guy pushing you back thought Martinez was going to jump on you the other way Look, let's face it, you know, he has his time to shine and he's he's stepping up the plate over much better than he did his last couple fights. [Applause] A strong case could be made that he lost both of those fights. And when you look at the rest of his resume, again, not the greatest competition, but he did what he had to do to a challenger and he's here tonight in the fight of his life. He did what he was supposed to do in those last two fights. He won. He wasn't even supposed to be there beating those two guys and he did and now he's fighting a much more experienced Martinez he's exactly now it's early in the fight you know we got 12 rounds we're in the second Martinez landed a nice and yet avoiding the hard shot from Martinez what I'm very interested in looking at right now we usually see Martinez do a much better job cutting off the ring and coring position and they're not putting some pressure. But Cordova got done a good job of the lateral movement, the mobility. Well, again, if you put that pressure on, you're going to open yourself up to, you know, guys offense counter punching. And he got clipped a couple times by Martinez. Here comes Martinez. Martinez now with a good combination. Yeah, that's where has to be careful with when Martinez lunges in, especially with that left hook. Martinez has to keep that hand out because he's susceptible to that left hook. And we knew coming in that quarter throw a lot more punches per round than Martinez in fact in that first round he threw 59-39 a landing 20-9 and in this round still the advantage quarterback but round for the champion he [Applause] switches combination some he's very very awkward to fight but this is very early in the fight doesn't get quickly Uh he's going to get it back again. Both coming off well Martinez coming off a career long layoff but again he had visa issues. These two were supposed to meet last December impacted him psychologically economically of course but he wants to make sure that the second time as he on the champion Martinez coming forward. Yeah, Martinez just landed a nice one two. Nice combination upstairs by the Jack. Jab by Cordova. Splits the go. [Applause] You need to keep boxing. I need you to use your strength. Get a little bit of water. He doesn't want to fight. He just wants to hit you with throw that punch. You're okay. You go with the jab. You go with the hook. Relax. You're winning. That guy doesn't know how to fight. You hear the dulsa tones of ringside reporter/transator Claudia Trejo. She and Jordan Plant, our ringside reporters, part of our PBC pay-per-view team as we launch a new era boxing. And it's gets knocked down on the counter left from the champion. 6. The first time in his career and Helina Cordova goes down here in round three. [Applause] Yeah, before coming out to box, but he didn't he came right out with the ran and he gets for the second time. It's an instant replay. 6 7 [Applause] 8 start for the challenger in the early here in round three. Martinez dropping twice and now looking to close the show trying to retreat trying to play keep away. He's and Martinez tracking around looking to hit him with the finishing shot. And let's not forget that there were jabs that knock down. Not strong punches, a short jab, but not powerful punches. So Martinez now looking for those heavy shots to finish this. But again, still looking up right hand Martinez. He can open up so 15 of Martinez's 20 wins have been field knockout. Nine of his 15 KOs have come in the first two rounds, but he's looking to fight Cordoba here in round three. the tab again unloading or getting unloaded on I should say trying to bend off the attack of Martino and that's the smart pressure we talked about s the jab walking with the jab before you throw your hard punches and that's what's working it really is and again he's the champ of the world for a reason he's very good he's very tough and he's switches left to right. 30 seconds left in the third round. Jesse Ben Rodriguez recently vacated his unified 112 lb title wanting to unify, wanting to become an undisputed champion. And here looking for a six successful title defense against the Herald the challenger Anelino. He's already twice. [Applause] [Music] Okay, here we go. Uh, look, it's just a stiff jab. Boom. Right on the chops. But if you turn that jab over with those knuckles like that right there, right in the chin, it also Feels like a right hand, right, Abner? Yes. Manny Pacquiao had a pretty good stiff jab like that. How power jab. Here we go. His second knockdown was the same thing. I mean, stiff, powerful jab right in the chin. Portable walked right right into that jab as well. And again, it's right in the chin and it's going to knock you off balance or down. And that's what happened. Here's the thing. I wonder if the three knockdown rule was waved because if he had knocked him down one more time, the fight would have been over. Uh, there it is. There's another angle from that. That one more a little bit more off balance, but again, powerful jab. Right on the chin both [Applause] ways here in round number four. No three knockdown effect in Vegas. Although Martinez is wanting to make sure he knocks him down again with hard shots like that. And it is a WBC title fight. [Music] lead left uppercut by stops Martinez. Martinez counts the left hook upstairs and then he over it in there. Nice. So he's still dangerous, right? Abner has to be careful putting himself off balance. at times looking to to land the punch and leaves himself susceptible not only dodge but uppercine just hooks there really well timed out from the front outside let you nice strike right through the guard to Martinez Martinez fires a counter right hand that just catches the glove. Nice one, two. Oh, beautiful combination by the champion. Great combination. Body to head, four punch combination. Very nice midway point of the four. Martinez will get on first when he has trouble. Martinez has to be first. And in first, he's got to keep his hands on real solid and then and then counter first. [Applause] Martinez forward delivering the combination circling away resetting with the left uppercut back right hand bounced off the high guard of Martinez. That's going to be the left of the take advantage of those moments. your quarterback. Let your legs go and get get back to your distance. Jab Martinez again has already resulted in two knockdowns that came in round three. That jab sounds like a right hand. Look, already got his mouth open. You know, he's very relaxed. He's been in there with some great guys. experienced wild fight with multiple countdowns before the result of getting a no contest rematch never fruition and I mean there's been a lot of challenges outside the ring beautiful combination up and Martinez back on track as we head to round number five another and not the other way around and of Kazoo unified the title against Zap Judah here in Las Vegas. Zoo, his son, looking to do the same here tonight at 154. That is your main event. Right time as well. Again, just walked into the right hand and he does that. So, if you're Martinez, you want to continue to throw that jab and set up that right hand. Fifth round off to a aggressive start by both fighters. Excellent. Both of them landing. Tremendous toe to toe stop. That's it. Yeah, that's it. Yeah, that's Martito likes to get ahead. He calls you out. Bring it and he will continue to press you. [Applause] really he opens up his left [Applause] [Music] hand. Martinez going in to finish the proceedings and the veteran. He will change as quickly as possible. Martinez should just take his time a little bit. Can't expect that from a guy that just he's relentless. He's a guy that just [Applause] likes still unsteady on his feet. Gets tagged with another left hand. We see Martinez switching back and forth. That's the one. That's one of his calling cards. Minute left in the fifth. That's what makes him so because he's so awkward. He usually very accurate as is the case here tonight. First two rounds he seemed to start very strong and then in that third round dropped by two from the champion. A nice short counter left by Martinez after a nice straight right handed ability. He's still fighting back. Yes, he is. And he's still strong. 12 of his 18 wins have come via knockout. never lost 180 and1ish a round draw against Luther as mentioned his last fight could have gone either way. Yes [Music] sir. Hey Boom. Boom. All right, there's that right hand by Martinez. And here comes the hook before Martinez can get the right hand back and he dropped a little short right hand back on Martinez. That's really nice. That's really nice when court over. Here you go. Here's that kind of like that southpaw position. He landed the right hook and then a left hook at the same time and really buzzed uh quarterback. Yeah, they they both had their moments, but it was Martinez who hurt Martinez took the better shot. Beginning of round six scheduled for 12 for Julio Cesar Martinez is 112 the 28-year-old from Venezuela during the previous round went 11 of 58 compared to the champions 19 of 62 when while throwing more punches Martinez has landed slightly more and unofficially you have Martinez the defending champion comfortably [Music] ahead for context sake just somebody why would you be any different my friend than anyone else there's the number but I think it's impressive Yeah, it's a pressure from Martinez. He's the cleaner punches that have been landed for Martinez and obviously the knockout game. He has his moment. Of course. Okay, so [Applause] that's more effective shots from the reigning champion. attacked by a high champion. And you see Martinez drop his hands and exploding. Gets by another one. Still fighting back. He's still fighting back where I can hit you. [Music] kind of stopped the fight there for a moment. The referee said Martinez stopped like Martinez hurt the fight way before it ever took place. We knew this was going to be a pain because we know how explosive Martinez is going to get over he's an up and coming and he's really hungry for that title. John looking to record his third consecutive upset changed the fortunes of his family again the South American country of Venezuela. career champions, but he's looking to become the 38th male champion in that library, across Mexico with one of the richest boxing heritages in the [Applause] sport. And Julio Cesar Martinez, who's known as Elray the King, well, he would love to be. Let's go down to Jordan Flint. Chris Worris has had enough of the late hitting from Cordova. Thank you very much, Jordan. And despite being a belt holder, Roland, Romero, still seeking a signature victory, a highly disputable stoppage against Ismile, but also he of course was knocked out by Jvonte Davis, the common opponent. Cruz of course went the distance with Jvonte Davis. Davis did suffer a injury to his power left hand, but so lots of bad blood between Roly Romero and Isaac Cruz and they will battle for Romero's 140 lb as Martinez and Cordova continue to battle for a 12 lb title right that stagger comes in and holds on trying to re clean up the Cowboys and Cordova starts off really good. Good combination within it. Just that one punch that Martinez it changes everything. So I take it I beat you [Music] too% or two. Oh, just takes away and we you look at the size difference and and I was going to mention the fact that Martinez was knocked out in his first fight as a 108 pounder course became a champion. Gordiva, this is his just his second fight at 112 lbs and he fought most of his career and we can see the size difference. Absolutely. The muscles Martinez is not the guy that's going to use the punches. The punch is there. The punch is exploding with combination guard blocking those shots. off balance starting to bleed a little and Cordova has been cut over the left eye in his previous two fights. Something against monitor throughout this fight. A minute left in round [Music] seven. Three punch combination by punctuated by a right to the guard. That's the one he play. You want to turn after you just turn back. [Applause] 30 seconds left in the seven. Martinez and Chance of May for win throughout Team Mobile Arena. Here Martinez fighting out of Mexico City. [Music] [Applause] And speaking of Mexico, let's check the T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas, the capital of the world where things are just heating up. And you talk about things heating up. Cordova beginning to find himself in this championship fight. Although he eats a big nomination to begin round number 10. Exactly. This has been a real tongue a war these last three or four rounds. Last round. Nice combination right distance from landing beautifully at the end of it. giving the jab again. Beautiful in and out from there. You want to continue to do that in and out. Keep that pace going. Turn Martinez and just have fun in there. Make Martinez. Absolutely. I say [Music] that I know the answer to the best. Well, there is and you know there's you know if there's a fighter that keeps himself in the gym constantly, you know, he doesn't have time. Yeah, less rust. You see in Martinez at all, it's hard to tell the heights like this. And again, let's not take away what he's done. He has thrown, you know, a lot of punches, but he came in averaging 72 punches a round. He got stopped in his tracks with another Martinez has been punched in the last two rounds. He's on his way. He needs he needs to Martinez. Yeah. And then one thing that Paul pointed out, good jab for Martinez. I mean if you dropped the twice jabin I think got used to it with itself keeps throwing that Martinez has been down once in his career that was in November down twice ended in the second round no contest dun to a Royal Sophie. Things can get a little wild. [Applause] Oh, right here. Over there. Head mut. Yeah. Okay. Good. [Music] Wait. Okay. Accidental head. It's over the left [Applause] eye. Okay. time in half and it was over the left eye stitches that proved to be difficult. [Applause] I don't like it. I don't like it. [Applause] It's all right. What round? What round? [Music] So here's how this happens and you know right on top of the north to south and that's the one that drips right in your eye that becomes amazing. You don't have to [Applause] wait. Wait, wait, [Applause] wait. And we begin the championship rounds. 11 and the MVP in Martinez's corner could be the top man to stand the blood as the champion is in a very tough fight against the challenger and now Martinez beginning [Applause] [Music] to knock [Music] down the fans. Come on. Come on. Keep it clean. And this is the first time since it was his first time fight that the challenger sees round 11 before he ended up. We've got 153 left in this round and both of them are choking heavy leather. Martinez needs to come out the ring. You won't see that unfortunately. He's a guy that just likes to go forward. He put his high guard walk forward. I do want to see that jab though. He does that sitting down on those punches. 30 seconds. But we are seeing that urgency now from Martinez. Squishing back by Martinez right [Applause] [Music] away is Martinez that type When he sees blood, he becomes even more dangerous. And that's going to happen. I'm not sure he knows that B has lost the last few rounds and he is we've seen throughout the fight continu [Applause] Michael strategy fight between as time runs out in round number 11. The 12th and final round of what has been a fantastic flyweight title fight is straight ahead. [Applause] I need you to sit down. We're okay. You're You're up. Calm down. Do you feel okay? This is the last round. Clean him up. Take a deep breath in. Hand that over to me. You know, just bend down. Take a deep breath. [Music] [Applause] The final round championship for the coming champion Martinez two and one in the fights that go the 12 round business for the challenger on it's the first time in his first 12 round fight that he is in the final round in the biggest fight of his career. Oh, nice. Martinez on his tracks because I know Martinez is full in this last round. So, it's time to set up a trap if you're right hand by the champion. [Music] Back to South Carolina with one [Applause] South 15. She has been knocked out in the first round of this production. Legend had 45 left here in this title fight. We need to see the sense of urgency. That's what I was going to say. Look, is behind. He should be a lot of emergency, but I think he puts himself I get [Applause] [Music] you. And that's what going [Music] round to leave it to the really going to a minute to change your life for the single father of a son and daughter Martinez. He literally has his two children, 9-year-old Miranda and 6-year-old Cesar, tattooed on his heart. They are doing it for their families. They're doing it for their respective legacies. Final 45 seconds. [Music] [Applause] 23 seconds left. Chance on Mexico at T-Mobile Arena. Martinez tracking football retreating. [Applause] an interesting strategy to close out the fight and this one will go to the judges at ringside and you're absolutely right thinks he did enough to win and it was the corner's fault too. His corner was telling him that he was winning the fight. So I think the way of him fighting this last round had a lot to do with that. I don't know if he said they were winning it. I didn't I didn't hear that. Now again Yeah. Yeah. He said that in Spanish. He said he paid when you switch a little bit. So you box, as we know, numbers don't always tell the story, but you box a a big big big part of what we do here with boxing. And you look at the final numbers and the champion 184 of 567. The challenger 191 of 777. So a very close fight statistically speaking, both ways thrown and landed. But again landing a punch landing joke the jabs 53 to or 59 53 for Cordova 132 131 in power punches landed for Cordova 191 184 I know they're just numbers and you're right the the more damaging blows the more eye-catching shots belong to the champ you know let's put it this way Martinez does his jabs let's not get that no you're Absolutely. And that's why the body language and the actions of the challenger who had the best fight of his career in his first title fight the the 12th round is a a bit of a an enigma. The strategy. Yeah, that would be an enigma. Yeah, the strategy for the All right. Well, so now let's take you through a visual a poperri of highlights here. The story. Yeah, there's that jab we were talking about, Martinez. Couple of jabs there. Very good. Um the the early rounds and I say that's a nice combination by Cordova and he would do that sporadically in the early rounds, but Martinez was landing the big bombs. He was hurting him. Um he won the first half of the fight very easily. He went for the most stylistic uh sequence. Cordova. I mean, there was really good shots from Cordova landed up towards the speed punches, the power shots from Martinez, but of course, as we seen here in the replay, Cordova had his moment. There's a headbutt. Yeah, look, I mean, it was it was a tug of war. I just think that Cordova took his foot off the gas, especially in that last round. This is a close fight. One round fight in the rear, you know. Okay, let's again, we've already addressed it, but there it is on the screen. And two knockdowns for Martinez in the third round. And that will again, the the eye-catching shots, it's based on effective punches and the more effective shots appear to belong to Martinez. But we will now await the official decision. So once again, let's go to the ineitable Jimmy Lennon Jr. Ladies and gentlemen, after 12 rounds of action, we have a majority decision. Here are the score totals. Judge brings eye Tim Cheetum scores the bout 113 to 113. Even a draw. Overruled by judges Max Duca and David Hudson. Both of them scoring the bout 114 to 112 in favor of the winner. And still WBC flyweight champion of the world, Julio Cesa, El Mont Martinez. A fight that was as close as conjoined twins. And in the end, it's a majority decision win for the champion. And and Joe, I think what we've been talking about proves to be the difference. more effective punches. Not only that, two knockdowns. What was it? 114 to 112. Yeah. 114 to 112 twice and 113. Guess what? If he wins that last round. Yeah. Instead of running in that last round, what do we have? We still don't know who they gave that. Well, the fight was tied 94 94 and two cards going into the 11th. So, I mean, this was a very close decision, but hey, let's not bury the headline. Julio Cesar Martinez successfully defends his title for the sixth time and his goal is to become undisputed champion. Another champion is Seabo Yuri. Jesse Ban Rodriguez has vacated his two titles to move up and uh last word you guys on what you just saw. Well, I I just think that was an incredibly great fight. Martinez was absolutely fantastic, but Cordova is going to be a much better fighter after this fight, of course. Yeah, he learned a lot from this experience fight uh against Martinez, but against Martinez, he just showed the the heart, you know, that you wanted to just win this fight and we saw it in the last round. Yeah, showed me a lot with that heart. Although I think he made a big mistake giving up that last round.