Kind: captions Language: en All right, Al, let's go to the numbers for this the championship bout at 140 lbs. And you know the the edge that Ergusev has in the height and the reach. It's not wildly dramatic, but it's enough to help him in his fight cuz he wants to be at range where he can, even though he's an attacker, he wants to be at range so he can land that straight left hand, which he will throw over and over and over again. With the official introductions, the always classy Jimmy Lennon Jr. Well, fans from the Michelob Ultra Arena here at the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino in Las Vegas, Nevada, Premier Boxing Champions presents our next world title attraction, brought to you by TGB Promotions and Samson Boxing in association with Fresh Productions, sponsored by DraftKings Sportsbook. The crown is yours. This bout is sanctioned by the IBF President Daryl Peoples supervisor Aaron Kaiser. Our three judges scoring from ringside. From Oklahoma, David Southerntherland. From Connecticut, Don Trella. And from New Jersey, Steve Weissfeld. Introducing our referee in charge of the action, introducing Celestino Ruiz. All right, fans. Here we go. 12 rounds of boxing scheduled for the IBF Junior Welterweight Championship of the World. Introducing to you first the challenger fighting out of the red corner wearing silver and black trunks. He is fighting out of Miami, Florida by way of Fergana Beckistan. He weighed in at 139 and 3/4 lbs. He is undefeated in his campaign in the ring with a record of 23 wins. No losses, 20 big wins coming by way of knockout. Here is the hard-hitting southpaw contender tonight making his first attempt at a world title. Introducing the IBF number three ranked contender in the world known as the descendant of Tom Lane. Introducing [Music] Shaj and his opponent across the ring. The defending world champion fighting out of the blue corner wearing yellow and blue trunks. Hailing from and representing his home of Fardo, Puerto Rico. He weighed in the same as his opponent, 139 and 3/4 lb with an outstanding record of 19 wins, one loss with all 19 wins. Coming by way of knockout tonight, making the first defense of his title, ladies and gentlemen, here is the hard-hitting defending IBF junior welterweight champion of the world known as Eluo de Matero. Introducing Subriel Matias. Once again, a referee in charge. Now to give instructions, Celestino Ruiz. So good. Okay. Anything below here is low. Low. I gave you guys your instruction in the dressing room. I expect a clean fair fight start to finish. Good luck. Referee Celestino Ruiz with 16 years of pro experience working his 376th professional fight. Matias won the vacant title by fifth round TKO against Hermias Pon last February. Erase. He's trained by Sugar Hill Stewart, the nephew of the late Emanuel Stewart, who was the quintessential trainer of power punchers. And hey, Erasev, he's a pure power puncher. Round number one. Matias, a volume puncher. He throws 85 punches per round. In his last fight against Pon, he was met with a firestorm in round one. How he got past it, I have no idea. He was held to 38 punches in that round, but then came back and Argosv whipping those left hands. Has 12 first round knockouts. And after watching Pon do what he did, we wondered, should Urggerf start the same way? That's right. You have to start fast if you're Erggov. And he's doing it. I mean, the power is right there. You saw it. It hit the gloves and and it got Matias. He heard him again. There's a power puncher that we're watching right now. And we'll see how this first round starts. Erggov is like a three-point shooter who, you know, some of them may not fall, but they're going to keep shooting. He's going to keep throwing that left hand, miss it, not get it in, get it in. He'll keep throwing that thing all as long as his fight lasts. Matias has been down once. That was against Petro Sanin with a left hook in their first meeting. Of course, he avenged that loss. But here in round one, tasting the power of Ergosv. And there's that left hand, that laserlike left for Ergev. that something tells me may be in the keys to victory of one hall of fame analyst Al Bernstein. It's possible. And you know the reason we referenced that Pon fight is because we thought during that round there's no way Subriel Matias is ever going to get past this round. And of course he did. So we'll see how all this plays out. Yeah, you got to take that jab away from Ergvete, especially the left. You're going to see the left a lot from him and especially straight. But Matias might not see it because it's so fast. Ricochev's first attempt at a title, first appearance in Las Vegas and first fight scheduled for 12 rounds. He is fighting for the first time in 15 months in August of last year. He won by fifth round TKO against Angel Martinez Hernandez. Comes in ranked ninth at 140 lbs by the ring and acquitting himself well here in round one. Matias has just not gotten going at all offensively. This is just what we saw against Pon. Uh, this is like a replay except Pon was even more dramatic. But these are big punches that Ergusev is landing. Really big punches. And not not just in front of him. Yes, he's right in front of him making it a lot easier for Ergashev. And I mean the straight left that he has into the body. I mean, he still hasn't landed that body shot, but that that's benom definitely for a guy that's walking straight forward. Wow. Beautiful combination. Straight left, right hook by Erggov. But but don't be deceived. Things could change radically when we take double jeopardy in round two. But what a start here for Urgangev. 13 of 55 compared to three of nine for the defending champ in the first three minutes. [Applause] Well, the left hand we talked about it from Ergv. It's just he's going to throw it. That one to the body pushed Subriel Matas back knocked him off balance and there were plenty that landed to the head. Let's take a look at the keys or Subel Matz. Keep the right hand up boy cuz those lefts are going to keep coming. He didn't do this in round one. The way to avoid being hit with those are fighting off his chest. Get close to Urgvev for him. Combinations and left hooks. Those are the things that will win him this fight. And he's good at both those things. As for Urgv, land the left early. Yes, he did that. Body shots with which Japar has alluded to. And did I mention the left hand? Yes, he should keep throwing it. [Music] Bell and round number two. Immediately looks to establish the jab, keep the defending champion at bay. And that's something he does so good. Oh, four punch combination. Rattling the noggin of Matias. Erggov coming out and Fuego. Look at the range that Erggov is is maintaining, pushing with that jab, taking that half step back, maintaining that range, that distance. I mean, that's that's everything for the key and taming the defending champion. So Jaone Erggov really going to work putting together these nasty combinations led by that straight left al followed up by the right hook and he continues to play Matias like a drunk right and one of the the the headlines here is the right hook of Ergv it's not always his best punch. He's throwing it very effectively as well. Now Matias wants to get that left hook in. He got to put himself from his standpoint. He wants to put himself in position to throw it. Yeah. He can't he can't be too straight. His frame is like straight forward. So making it a lot easier for Ergashev to land that straight left. He's got to jab his way in and when he's inside, start working the uppercuts, smother the punches from from Erggov. Matias had 100 amateur fights. Ergvev, he had over 200. And in the final three years of his amter status, he won all his fights by KO. Yeah, that's amazing. But here he's right at that perfect range, mid-range for Ergev after you mentioned it before. Perfect distance to land these combinations. Matias yet to get on track. Yeah, he's got to be careful too, Matias, cuz the uppercut's there for Ergv. He still hasn't landed. He's looking for it. That few times he he it seemed like he was going to throw it, but again, Matz is right there. He can land his own shots as well. Yeah, absolutely. He's got himself in the right position right now. He's not quite getting his punches off. Also longest layoff for Urbu's career. Does he look uh not sharp? No, he's doing pretty good. There's the uppercut from Matias and the hook. That's the punch he's going to start throwing more of now. Body shot by Ergosv. Combination upstairs by Matias. Under a minute left in the second. Matias unloading. Erase moving to his right. Leaning in on Matias. Cuffs him with a right hook. And there's a chopping left hand by Matias. And he usually does does that. He he turns really well to his right urges after he's done with the combination, but he's feeling comfortable inside so far. There's that left hook by Matias. Matias still again squared up. Peekaboo, but right in front of Erggov. There's another hook and the left hook. Matias now on coming on responding well. This is going to be a great fight. We said it and it's starting to heat up in a in a big way. Stop the belt. [Applause] none other than Iron Mike Tyson in attendance. So many memorable moments here in Las Vegas. So many of those memories right here on Showtime pay-per-view. Yeah. At this location and Ergesev have continued. That was the uppercut that AB talked about throwing good really good combinations and as we said mixing in even though some of those were were blocked and then we talked about the fact that you know he's a left-handed puncher but the right hook for him has been a good weapon in that round though Matias really turned things around. He started ripping these combinations the uppercut the left hook and and ultimately end up landing a few more punches than in that round. So he is this thing's getting to be what we imagined it would be. This is round three. There's that straight left by Urgvev and the straight left right hook combination that has been money for the challenger throughout the fight. Something that Erggov is getting away with is that jab. He's pushing with the jab a little bit. You're not supposed to do that. You can't do that. effective jab from Matias. And Matias with some good body work. He's measuring with the jab. I mean, it's working for him, but again, you know, it's it's I don't think it's legal. There it is. He's pushing with that jab. And now everything power punches are everything other than a jab. And you see Matias actually end up with an edge in overall power punches. Both men landing big shots. Matias starting to walk down Erggov chopping left hands. Ergosv leaning in trying to get underneath now clinching with the champion. It's going to get to a point where Erggov might get a little frustrated too like you know I'm hitting this guy with all these shots. He's not going down and he's still coming forward and that's Matias. That's what he does. The other question is Erase is deciding to fight closer to Matias and yeah and doing a lot of clinching but does he really want to be in that range against him? I don't know. We'll see. uppercut, but he's leaning in, not throwing a lot of punches. Is Urgab and Matias working the body. He's known to turn with that left. He lands that left, he turns to to his right, and uh, you know, he maintains the the the distance again, but again, he's staying inside a little bit too long. There it is. You want to keep turning Matias. Matias lands a left hook. Matias hasn't set down on the left hook as much as he normally does and give her credit for that. Matias has to be careful squaring up right in front of her is when he gets hit with that left hand that splits the guard followed by the right hook curling around the guard. Sharp jab for Matias backing up to the ropes. Matis has faced the lefty in two of his last four fights so he's used to this. And there's that opport. Yeah, he's got a free hand and he's working. If you face Matus, you're going to see uppercuts and left hooks all the time. And there on Q, an uppercut and hook combo. Left hook. Now firing back, sitting down on his punches. Less than half a minute left in the third. And the thing about Matias, it seems like those punches have nothing behind them, but he hit so hard. He doesn't have to load up. Hey, you're home. lead left. Lance Bashev digs downstairs. So does Matias. Terrific stuff through three rounds. [Music] All right, let us go here. Look, watch this. When you go here, punch it now. No weight. Let's go. No weight. Bang. Bang. Let's go. You good? Let's go. Come. The champion Matias trained by Hakob Nahar. Ergosv trained by Sugar Hill Stewart. Third fight. Oh, I'm sorry. Go ahead. Third fight for Matias with Nahar and they've been a he likes the combination. You know, he wasn't really ready for his first fight with Van when he lost. Physically ready, emotionally ready. Since then, he's been unstoppable. Another thing that Erggov has not seen or hasn't fought anything like it is Matias. Someone that pressures, someone that's able to withstand his power and be right in front of him. And I think that is why Urgashv is having trouble turning and he has to decide to stay in the inside. Look at all the power punches landed. Those 12 first round knockouts came from those kind of punches. But as Estrella pointed out, that great quote that you gave, is that enough to stop Subriel Matias? You know, it's hard. And Matias again looking to take advantage of the career-long layoff. The fact that he's faced superior quality of opponents, but Erase still having his moments as Matias batters him with a couple of left hooks upstairs and goes back to the well. And there's a combination that jacked the jaw. Erase popped his head back. Subra Alatias and David Benvitas in our main event have something very much in common. You might discourage them for a little while. You might even land some punches, but to keep them discouraged the whole fight doesn't happen. It didn't happen for him a lot. I It took him just one round to figure it out. And again, I mean, those punches, I mean, volume, but just a lot on urged by him and not hurt by him as well. One thing I would do want to see from Matias is the body work. He has it. He's head hunting a lot, but again, why wouldn't you if you hit that hard? And Argosv now not being able to maintain the distance that allowed him to land those straight left hands. Yeah, for Matias, he goes to the body about 25% of the time, which is below the average. But here he's starting to light up for Eggv. Erase trying to valiantly fight back and Matias teeing off on Ergosv in the corner. Erggov has never been down and now able to stalk the attack momentarily. Wow, talk about overwhelming a technical fighter. Where's the range? Where's the footwork from Ergosv? It's not there. It's the pressure from Matias. He's taken so much punishment in the last two rounds. Herashev has Ergusev undefeated 23 and0 with 20 knockouts in his first title shot and he's beginning to feel the pressure, the power, the offense of the defending champion Subriel Matias. Matias putting together a tremendous fourth round. He has just thrown his 100th punch of the round. Okay. 35 of 104 for the defending champion in what was a fantastic fourth for Matias. You don't have to fight southpaw. Just don't do it. Don't do it. Nothing with the southpaw. Just keep the way you're doing it. Remember, remember you need to lean on him when he leans on you. Then you just hit the body. Hit the body. This is the key. This is the key to win the fight. Great work by trainer Nahar. Don't switch left because why it's not broke. Don't try and fix it. And we we look back at how what an effective round Matias had. Erase in the corner still landing shots. Good shots. Those are the kind of shots that were hurting every fighter he's faced. But Matias walks through them and he is such a good combination puncher. There's there's like six punches in that combination and you know all good ones. As we begin round five, Abner, what Matias has begun to do more is close the distance and not allow Ergvev to maintain the proper distance that we saw early in the fight. Yeah. Has he ever? I mean, he's walking Ergusha back uh with that pressure and it's just not the pressure, it's the volume punching, constant throwing punches for Matias. I mean, such a throwback fighter here in Matias. Matias told us, I don't subscribe to the the conventional thinking that it's only a right hand that's going to help me against the lefty, which I totally agree with. He's got he said the left hook and there it is right there. and and he is making that work and mixing in the jab, mixing in all kinds of punches here. Erase now his mission in this fight is to try and do something of power that can keep Matias off him and yet he's coralled in the corner again trying to dodge some of these punches. Gets hit with a couple of left hands including an uppercut. Now forced to hold on. Smart man. Smart man. He had to at that moment that uppercut landed really clean and it seemed like it hurt him as well. Couple more land clean. Subriel Matias is an offensive machine. He's a juggernaut. He really is astonishing. But it's not just holding for yourself. You got to turn. You got to turn. You got to take that half step back. Get back to your range. Get back to your volume, your your straight punches and keep turning him. Don't go don't go on the back of the ropes. And the big problem is he lands those nice left hands. They don't do anything to Matias. Again, easier said than done, right? If you got a guy like Matias, not as easy. How about this? Matias is landing 38% of his jabs against a lefty. That's a remarkable number. Just over a minute left here in the fifth. And Matias using the jab now trying to dodge the punches from Ekash. Erase finding himself laboring on the ropes that has to avoid bending over. It's going to be opening himself up to those devastating uppercuts if he keeps that up. He's just not used to this type of pressure. He seems tired already. Oh, that's And who is, right? I mean, and there's the body shots to sap even more of the stamina and the will. Yeah, he's just not used to fighting at this pace. He's used to controlling the fight, the tempo of the fight. And let's go back to round number one and parts of round number two. Remember when was bounding away against Matias and we said, you know what? Oh, just wait. Sharp jab from Matias may have been the adrenaline for the first couple of rounds, first title shot because again being off for a career-long 15 months and facing by far his toughest opponent to date as we reach round six. [Applause] [Music] Huh? [Music] The leg. No good. Hey, Eugene. Where's Eugene? Okay. Okay. Okay. No. Okay. [Music] I want to hear from you. Go ahead. Okay. I ask him. He said his legislas is successful in his first title defense as the challenger complains about issues with his right leg and is forced to retire In between rounds, Subriel Matias remains a champion at 140 lbs. And by the way, he's now 20 and one. All 20 wins come via stoppage. What a way to win. I mean, not just a knock, it was a stoppage. He brutally just punished him. I I I still don't know what Herish was complaining about. Yeah, maybe some leg injury. That was a correlary to all that was happening. And by the way, Al, just a quick stat here. This is his fifth consecutive corner retirement victory, surpassing the legendary Vasili Lachenko. Matias literally breaks you down, saps you of your will. Let's listen in here. But my goodness, Matias. Well, here are the numbers which, you know, he started not fast in round one and then was able to pick up the pace and landing 33% of his power punches, which for him in terms of percentage is almost pedestrian, but they were so dramatic and happy as he should be. This was a quintessential Superel Matias performance. trouble in the first round and a half and then once he gets the pace going and once whoever's in front of him realizes I can't put this guy away then Matias comes on and give her credit number one he fought a perfect one and a half rounds that would have probably beaten a lot of just like Pon and then secondly he showed a lot of toughness even though he had to give in and let's go inside the ropes and look at this fight in microcosm uh Though it didn't go a long way, it was interesting and exciting while it lasted. Early on, Ergusev came out. There's the left hand that pushed Matias back. He landed so many of those left hands and mixed in the hooks. This was Ergev fighting as good as you can fight against a fighter like Matias. Throwing combinations, landing good stions, but once the the range changed, Daber, we saw this from Matias. Yeah, definitely. Again, once Matias found his rhythm, he felt his punches. He said, "Okay, I can take them. I can walk in and he started doing so with those combinations that left hand." Hey, that's what he switched out to softball. And his coach told, "Don't go to softball. It's not working for you." Like you said, if it's not broken, uh, you know, you don't have to fix it. So he kept going and I mean the barrage of punches, the different type of of punches, overhand right, overhand left, body shots, uppercuts, everything from Sabre Matias just punishing uh Ergga and we saw the uh the ending. He just didn't come out. Let's make it official. Here is Jimmy Lennon Jr. Ladies and gentlemen, we have the time of two seconds of round number six. A referee in charge, Celestino Ruiz, stops the contest upon request of the corner. He is the winner by way of technical knockout. He is still the IBF junior welterweight champion of the world. El Oruo de Matero Sublri Matas. The 140 lb division, in my opinion, is the best in boxing. And the man you're looking at is certainly one of the best, if not the best. Let's go to Brian Campbell. Felix De Jesus will do the translating. Suprial Matas defending your title. The fifth straight opponent that refused to come out of the corner. What is it about your power that is so destructive? It's my team that makes that happen. You squared up early, took his best shots in the first round. Did his power bother you at all in this fight? Yeah. No, when I started feeling his first punches in the first round, I knew he couldn't didn't have the power to knock me out. So then that's when I started attacking. Almost half of your professional opponents have been southpaws. What makes you so effective against left-handed fighters? Yeah, for Southpore, I just need three or four rounds to decipher them. And then what happened, what you saw tonight is what usually happens. In your opinion, is there anybody at 140 pounds that can stand in this ring and take your pressure? I'm here. You wanted this, I'm here. He mentioned for the Lopez, Jervant Davis. If you want that, come over here and fight that I'm there. You dedicated this fight with your medallion, your waist, to your late brother. All my career. What does this mean to defend your title again in his honor? Puerto Rico. special Puerto Rico. Puerto Rico. We're going to go to the Coliseum in Puerto Rico and fight.