Kind: captions Language: en for this fight for the Aussie title. Mazudi up 29. 28 is Hill. Little bit of height for Mudia. Nothing in terms of reach for the first of four live fights that you will see culminating of course in that meaningful clash for Tim Zoo and Joey Spencer. This though an Australian super welterweight title bout between the champion Dan Hill in the black trunks and Cohen Mazudia. He landed more of the of the decisive punches that round. Both guys stunned one another a couple of times in that round. They come straight out and start firing just like they were in the opening round. You see that? You see a freeze right there. He just stays there. You know, I understand the hands are up, but that's just not enough. You got There's a big shot. The right hand of Mudia sends the champion down. The perfect punch from Mazudia. And he's got time. 45 seconds [Music] right there. And I told you it was going to be looping shots for him tonight. The straight shots will get there. But those right there, the overhand rates, looping left hooks here again and punching at the good range for him. And he turns that right hand around, goes to the body himself, and he tries to work as the referee just warns about a low shot there from Mazudia. And he's stepping towards again. Good shots got through from Mizudi. Absolutely. He started with that winging shot around the guard and go back to who you were at the beginning of a fight just into the second half of this fight, but it feels like longer. These two have been working so hard and he was at the right range there and he worked downstairs and upstairs. Did Mazudia. There's an uppercut from Hill. Over the top Mudia. Hill still having his moments and he's working hard here as Mizunia freezes at center ring and takes a bunch of shots and then comes back. The hook finish that. So he's fight Yeah. Yeah, that may be right. Maybe he Oh, that's a good shot. That's a really good shot. Responsible defense coming from Mudier as well. Big looping hooks and shots like that. I said it was going to get the job done tonight for Mazudi. And he rips into the body again and he works hard and he'll just rocks back onto his heels for a moment. Keep working. Keep working there. Hooks from Mazudia. Hill on the inside. Body shot is defended by Hill. Right hand's a good one from Mazudia. Yeah, it doesn't go past. Oh, big shot. Mudia with a left hook and Hill is in trouble here in the final round. Mazudia. He's on track to win the Aussie title. Can he stop the champion Dan Hill? Gee, they have worked hard and it has been a big punching performance in an allout Aussie title. Coen Mazudia will be crowned the Australian champion. And you Australian super welterweight champion Cohen, son of God bazier. [Music]