Kind: captions Language: en And now here comes Vito Mil Neki Jr. There he is. Babyface kid, 17 years old. Excellent pro and amateur background as well. Take a look at the tail of the tape. Mil Neki with 147 amateur wins going up against Marco Bailey who is just 6 and five. He is 25 years old, 5'7. Milki, a taller man or kid in a fight at 5' 10. This will be fought at welterweight and a slight reach advantage for Mil Neki Jr. Marco Bailey is trained by Christy Martin. There she is. Cole Miner's daughter. Outstanding fighter in her own right. This year, by the way, for the first time, women will be on the ballot for the International Boxing Hall of Fame. And Christy Martin already in the Nevada Boxing Hall of Fame. She should be expected to sail in as an International Hall of Famer. Marco Bailey ready to go. Milki Jr. 2 and0 with two KOs. We go to the ring. And Jimmy Lennin Jr. [Music] Well, fans from the MGM Grand here in Las Vegas, Premier Boxing Champions presents our next attraction. Presenting our three judges scoring from ringside, we have Kermit Bis, Eric Cheek, and Lisa Jumpa. All right, fans. Here we go. Four rounds of boxing in the welterweight division. Introducing first on my right, fighting out of the red corner, wearing black and gold trunks, joining us from Durham, North Carolina. He weighed in at 143 and 12 lbs with a record of six wins, five losses. He has four wins coming by way of knockout. Introducing the Bull City Bully. Introducing Marklin Bailey. His opponent across the ring is fighting out of the blue corner wearing white trunks, green and black trim. He's a 17-year-old boxer from Roseand, New Jersey. He came in at the welterweight limit of 147 lbs. Undefeated in his young campaign in the ring with a record of two wins, no losses. Both of his wins coming by way of knockout. Please welcome the young proteége of boxing, the undefeated fighter known as Magic. Introducing VTO Nikki Jr. And our referee now to give instructions, we have Russell Mora. Gentlemen, we went over the rules in the dressing room. I want to remind you, protect yourself at all times. Obey my commands. God bless you both. Touch up. I'm excited to see this kid again. He he this is a kid we spoke to yesterday. He said, "I'll be back to school on Monday." No, I got to go back to school. I've got I've got to finish up. But his father was a boxing promoter, very involved in the sport. He obviously got involved very young. 147 amateur wins, four national junior titles, and 2 and0 as a pro. Very mature looking body for a 17-year-old, too. He's he's he's a tall kid. He's 5'10, but he he you can see he's going to grow more. He's put together. And Marco Bailey right there again, Marklin, his nickname Marco, 25 years old. He comes in here as an amateur, but didn't have much experience. still went to the Olympic trials and he said, "Hey, look, I I I don't run from fights." So, he's excited to be here. Gets his fight at the MGM Grand Garden Arena on a heavyweight title undercard, but he will be tested as he has put in. And Lennox, you know, when you're the opponent, he's got to know he's the opponent here. Yeah. I mean, um, well, usually opponents come in, uh, always trying to upset the the guy that they think is going to win and that they want to win. So that's what Bailey is trying to do right now. Hey, Dustin Long was the opponent, too, and he's dancing in his locker room right now. Can't believe it. Knockout win in Las Vegas. I'm still stunned for that. We'll talk about that. Yeah, it was going so well for him. But right, you know, right here, uh, you know, Marklin Bailey, he's a very adequate fighter. You know, he's only got four rounds to get the job done here. Um, but, you know, he's in much better shape than the last fight I saw him in. Uh Chrissy Martin said he's in tremendous shape here. And I believe her, you know, she's a 60 fight veteran. She knows what she's looking at. And uh you know, so it's tough. You only got four rounds. You got to get something done quick. If if Marklin Bailey wants to win this fight, he's going to have to do something impressive early. And Milky then opens up with the jab. So he's making some early assessments, but fighting a guy who's obviously older, is a little more worldly. He's had two fights in the cage in MMA. wrestled in high school, did decently there, and now he's dedicated to boxing, but still trying to make his own career. And Bailey just landed a short right hand in that exchange. He beat Milki with a punch right there. Good hook to the body as well by Bailey as he steps away. Opening half of this first round again scheduled to Fort is a good point, Joe, because four rounds, you got to make it happen quick. Well, he did. He's got a big uh right now uh you know he's got a a nice little red spot over his left eye right off the mat. Solid right hand left foot there itself. Yeah, the three punch combination. Bailey fires back with a jab. Yeah, Mcki has a good jab, good quickness, uh nice poise uh position when he's boxing. You can tell he's got a lot of amateur fights under his belt and you know he's taking his time in this first round. He's feeling Bailey out which is nice. Good to see from young a young kid. Yeah, it's Bailey who I think has got to really impress the judges right now. Um, you know, Neil Neki is impressive just by the way he looks and moves and jabs and uh I want to see if he goes that I I watched some tape on him and he went he's got a beautiful left uppercut off a jab and it's a nice slip to the inside. I'm looking for him to bring that left uppercut with a right hand over the top. See if that works. your right hand because I thought uh that Bailey watching the tape of him seemed vulnerable for that type of shot. I'm seeing going to get off the ground here by no neck. Final seconds of the first round. Fans still coming into the Grand Garden Arena getting ready for the main event later tonight. [Applause] Those punches per round. Right. Wait. Hey kid, you like boxing? Ever fly a plane before? Here we go. Round two again. Vito Milki Jr. against Marco Bailey. Milki getting the advantage so far. And the punch has landed. The dangerous counter right hand and a good uppercut by Bailey. Some dangerous winging punches. Well, he he's look, he's only got a couple more rounds after this to win this fight. So, he's got to let his hands go uh if he wants to beat Neoni. And I just uh you know I I don't know what's going to happen when he gets he a couple times. Once in the first round and right there in that exchange got him you know not really solid but got him. See there's that left uppercut that I was waiting for Milki. If he follows out with the right hand I think he might be in business. Well it's a tricky deal with matchmaking for a 17year-old kid right kid who's obviously a talent. You don't want to match him too tough certainly. You don't want to give him nobody either right? somebody and this and Bailey looks like the good type of opponent to get in that you're going to have to do things well in order to get a win, but you're not getting overwhelmed by a guy with a great record. But I know you've seen it and I've seen it before and Lennox has seen it before. These guys get up for you. They train harder and they know they're coming to Vegas. They're going to play some uh kid that's, you know, really right and high that people are really high on and uh they they get up for the game and they give you fits. You know, we saw it with uh Joey Spencer and and of course that really spurred him on to the next fight. Really trained hard. He was going to help that happen to him as well. Make those fights closely which he beat. You can hear Milki's people in the background here as people still getting into the Grand Garden Arena filtering in for the final five or six fights here. But his crowd is here from New Jersey in the crowd. [Applause] making his pro debut in New York. Pretty close to home for him on a Shakur Stevenson undercard. And again, he has only fought twice and both both bouts ended in the first round. So, this is already good experience. Good right hand by Neki. And it looks like Bailey is hurt with a counter right hand off the rope. And then he countered the right hand from Bailey and really nice short right hand. Hit him with a hook there. Bailey wobbling already and they wave it off. Wow. Russell Moore didn't like what he saw. It looked like Bailey could recover, but he did have a bad second there. I saw it in his eye. Yes, he did. Uh, you know, I think that was a good stoppage by the ref. I mean, you don't want to get get hurt and he didn't look his normal zone. you know, he looked his normal job, kept up his hands, but he looked a little bit wobbly. That means he didn't have the equilibrium under him. So, I think that was a good stoppage by I'm sure Bailey didn't created that. You know, it's it's an understandable stoppage. I don't know if it's a good stoppage. What do you think, Joe? Well, you know, look, she never went down. That's number one. You know, uh he automatically contested it. Bailey contested it. So he had his hips about him that he didn't think he could drop it, but it looked like it would have been just a matter of seconds before Neki landed a couple more solid shots and probably would have dropped him. Well, you got you got to remember he got hurt. The referee stopped him. Then they went again. He got hurt again. So you want him to get hurt a third time? I just thought he'd recovered. Let's see the first one that connected with his right hand and then boom, right there. Get him right on the temple. There's the second one coming up. He's going to land another right here. Little sweet left hook and then he slid in the right hand. And that's the moment I'm talking about where his eyes rolled up in his head and that's what Russell Mor didn't like. I I'll say this and I'm questioning it because I'm not sure. I'm sure the Bailey people are thinking, "Wait, come on now. Let the kid fight." I will say this, it's a four rounder and in a four rounder there are different standards. This is not a championship fight. This is not you live to fight another day. And I'll say that you can see how upset Bailey is by it. We understand that. Let's get the particulars right now from Jimmy Lennon. Well, fans, we have the time of 2 minutes 31 seconds in round number two. Our referee starts the contest. The winner by weight of technical knockout. He is still undefeated. White Magic Vtor Nikki Jr. And we've got Larry Hazard here as well, Hall of Fame referee. Larry, what do you think of that stoppage? No, that was an excellent stoppage. I'm looking right at it. I think Russell Mororrow was right on time. Four round fight. Why let the guy take uh unnecessary punishment? I thought it was an excellent scholar.