Kind: captions Language: en We are set for action in the featherweight division. That's 126 lbs. Scheduled for 10 rounds and it will feature the undefeated Mirco Quuo. The 24y old who's 14-0 with 11 knockouts. He takes on Christian Olivo, a 25-year-old who's 221-1 with only nine KOs. [Music] Let's go to ring announcer Miguel Flores. Ladies and gentlemen, we'll continue the action here with our PBC on Prime Video prelims. Once again, it is all brought to you by Samson Boxing, Warriors Boxing, TGB Promotions, and Mayweather Promotions. Sponsored by DraftKings Sportsbook. The crown is yours. El Mexico brand products bringing authentic sabor to your table. Somos el Mexico. And by the film last breath, make every breath count. Starring Woody Harrelson. Only in theaters February 28th. And now the three judges ringside are Max Duca, David Sutherland, and Zachary Young. The referee in charge of the action is Chris Flores. And now, Premier Boxing Champions present 10 rounds and it is a WBA featherweight world title eliminator. Introducing first in the red corner wearing the black trunks. He weighed in at 125.6 lb. His record stands 22 victories, nine by knockout, opposite of one defeat and one draw. Representing Ernos Sonora, Mexico, here is Christian Kiki [Music] Olivo. And now introducing his opponent across the ring in the blue corner wearing the white trunks with the Argentine trim. He weighed in at 125.6 lb. His record a perfect one. 14 victories, 11 by knockout, no defeats. Representing a Royal Seco Santa Fe Argentina, he is an Argentine Olympian, MCO Guo. Fighter chief second. Fighter chief second. Okay, Chris Flores has been assigned the task of overseeing this 10 rounder contested at 126 lbs. The undefeated Miracle Quo taking on the experienced Christian Olivo. Big experience edge for Olivo. This is his 118th round as a pro for Quo. It's just his 51st. Mcquo, who is uh he has designs on facing the likes of the winner of our featherweight title fight coming up on pay-per-view when Brandon Figueroa looks to avenge an earlier loss to Steven Fulton by putting his featherweight strap on the line. But first things first, Huyo needs to navigate the waters. That is Christian Kiki Olivo. Well, Mcquo is a fun and interesting addition to this division. In a short time coming out of the Olympics in 2020 for Argentino, he's shown an aggressive style, power in both hands, and a confidence that he's ready for some big things ahead. And Sugar Hill Oivo's facing his fourth undefeated opponent in his last five fights. And you see him eat a combination from Quail. But as the more experienced fighter, what do you expect from Olivo in the early going Sugar Hill? Well, I like the way both the fighters are using the jabs. Uh, they're starting off trying to get different tempos and trying to understand the rhythms of each other. And, uh, then they work to the body. So, I think that, uh, Olivia needs to work his jab a little bit more. But, what I'm seeing right now is that Quo's jab is a lot more effective and a lot more strong, and it's allowing him to throw more effective punches. Right now, Olivo putting together combinations. He's riding a two-ight win streak with his most recent victory coming last September when he scored a fourth round TKO. Quo, this is his longest layoff ever. He's been out of action for 309 days. But again, he's the one that all of the pundits and all of the hardcore fans are keeping their eye on, thinking that he may be the future at 126. A division of course that has uh a lot of interesting names toiling in it right now. Brian, indeed. and maybe just maybe another one in the future when we're talking about one of the pound-for-pound best in Iowa in a way. Fun division as always at 126. Quo must get through the experience and the test here from Olivo. And right now really no definitive king as Quail gets hit with a counter left hook by Olivo. But you've got the likes of Angelo Lao, Nick Ball, Raphael Espinosa, and Brandon Figueroa. You mentioned Lao's name more. Well, Brian, of course, that's how Fulton became a champion at 122 was by beating Lao. So, a lot of opportunities at 126, but it's Quo and Olivo now putting their wares on display with less than 30 seconds left in the opening round. Nice four punch combination by Olivo. Levo told us in the fighter meetings this week, he plans to be aggressive off the start. There's not going to be a point where he's going to turn the switch on in this fight. He says that switch will be on from the start, but it's been a major pace to begin with in the early going. Yeah, both fighters were jabbing great. Olivo still jabbing more to set his punches up and and Quo was just kind of like looking for these hooks to the body. He actually got caught with a hook trying to throw a hook from not using his jab as much as he should. Good opening round for the underdog. Don't fall asleep. Wake up. Wake up. Don't sleep and don't let him get you more active. Activate this more explosive. One, two, combinations. Well, we heard uh Quail's corner talk about a wake up call. Well, he got it in the form of this hook, the counter left hook upstairs by Olivo. Sugar Hill found its mark. Yeah, and that's that that's that's a result of of Quo not jabbing enough again. He just he he started off with a jab and he started landing some good shots and then he went to just I'm going to throw the good shot and forgot about the jab. He threw more punches in that opening round. Quo landed a couple of more. He definitely is the more accurate of the two fighters after that opening three minutes. Ando now opening a little stronger, launching a combination off that front foot. See, he's more effective when he's jabbing. And I think that's what uh Abner translated from the corner. What he was trying to tell uh Quail was to like wake up, use the jab more. Wake up, use the jab. And Brian Quo known for that aggressive high volume attack. Well, in the opening round, uh, he threw just 52 punches, but landed 22 for a 42% clip, compared to Alivo's 19 of 75 for a 25% clip. And you can see Quo targeting that body with the right hand, using his jab to set it up. Goes with the left hook there downstairs. There's the jab by Olivo. And again, continues to establish it, but the counter combination from Quailo. But it's Olivo putting together early combination. Sugar Hill. Yeah. And see, like I said before, look, the fighter that's leading with the jab is the one that's doing the better counter punching because it's putting his opponent in a position to just be more defensive. So when you start off with a jab, you can kind of counter because you start getting the timing on how your opponent's reacting. Good two-way action here in round two. Good shots landed by Olivo. And see that was all started by the jab. He uses his main quail drops quail in round two 7 for the first time in his career. Miracle Quailo hits the deck and the underdog it may be on time. That's a big early wake up call for Quo and Oliv knows it Brian. Now he can't get too excited or overcommitted, leaving himself open to counters. Interesting. Despite all the attention on Quo coming in for his activity, for his power, Olivo told us he doesn't respect Mer's power. And Quo got a big wake up call here in this round. Yeah. Yeah. Alivo's doing what he has to do with the jab. Just there it is again. His jab is going to the body. And as he was throwing to the body, Quo tried to counter punch him and he threw the right hand and caught him just because he doesn't he doesn't have the timing because he's not throwing enough punches. He's got to start off with the jab. And you see the Libo is just jabbing, jabbing, setting everything up. Now looking to settle it down, establish the jab downstairs and upstairs. Hits him with a clubbing right hand up top. There's a lead right uppercut, but misses with the left. Qualish his dominance here after going down for the first time in his career here in the second round. [Applause] Get your mouthpiece out. Breathe in. Let it out. Urgy in Quail's corner. And this is why. Yeah, you got Quail just in a defensive stance, defensive position, and you got uh Olivo letting his hands go looking to punch, looking to punch off the jab. He's l punching off the jab and he caught Quail just trying to throw a counter punch. Simple as that. His hands were already Oolivo's hands were already moving. Olivo's really been picking his shots. I like the technique. I like the poise that he's brought to it. And he certainly surprised Quo with that right hand here in round two. And I think he surprised everybody because it's written down that he doesn't have any power. We just saw power. It's the one that you don't see. The one that hurt you. Nine of his 22 wins have come via stoppage. But the early knockdown of the unbeaten Miracle Quail, the early headline here in this 10 round featherweight attraction to put a capstone on the PBC prelims on Prime Video. And Quo now on the attack with the jab of Olivo keeping Quo honest. This is going to be interesting here because Quo going to get a little bit too reckless in trying to gain back that knockdown. What we've seen out of Olivo early is he's very comfortable timing Quo and countering. Yeah, he's very comfortable with jabbing and being patient, setting things up and and you have Quo uh you know he's trying to you can see every punch he throws is like a big punch so much intensity and so much power on it. And that takes a lot out of your stamina over time when you fight that frantically with loading up on every shot. Yeah. Yeah, it does. I mean, if you don't if you're not landing them if you're not landing them this solid, it's going to take a lot out of you. But if you're landing them, then okay. If you can keep on doing it, keep on punching. But that's what you train for. They are standing toe to toe throwing punches in bunches. Olivo splitting the guard with the jab. Fuo has the more eyecatching power, but Olivo, you guys have talked about timing the adjustments. So, and that is why he has the early knockdown and is in this competitive fight. Yeah. See, Quail just he just looks so much more controlled than employed and he can do a lot more damage when he's jabbing. Even when he's ducks down, he should throw a jab to the body. He's doing nothing when he ducks down. I would like to see him throw more jabs. Quo has almost given up that focus to the body ever since that knockdown. Been more about head hunting and trying to work off that jab. Pass the midway point of the third round. Quail with the faint throws a three-punch combination. Not much there. Olivo gets tagged with the left from Quail, but the double jab by Olivo. So Olivo sticking to the basics in the game plan, digging to the body before unleashing a jab upstairs and a left hook. Olivo's confidence growing by the second. Well, I'll tell you didn't come here to be the opponent. He told us in the fighter meetings, "Bring on the champions in this division after a win." He says, "I want to fight the best." He's got to get through Quo first, but looking good here in round three. He's only lost once. That was a 10 round unanimous decision against Luis Ronaldo Nunez, a highly regarded prospect that came in April of 2023 in a fight that well the the the stats weren't exactly uh in favor of who did who was determined the victim. Yeah, Quail, he can do a lot more. I've seen him fight before I've seen him fight before and and what he's doing now, he's coming forward and he won't take a step back just to even throw the throw the distance off of Quo now beginning to find the mark with those ripping left hooks to the body and they hand good rally here for Quo. Good rally to close out the third round. [Music] Thank you very much, Jordan. I understand our concubulators are already inquiring about hazard pay for that fight. The first time they combined for over 1,700 punches, guys. And well, these two are beginning to amp up the offense as well. And Quailo for the first time facing adversity was knocked down for the first time in his career in round two. And Olivo showcasing the grit and the determination, but ain't a combination there from Quo. Yeah, good energy here from Quo. still feel like he's trying to rush his offense a little bit too much and trying to get that knockdown back, but he's having effects countering with that left hand and the right cross over the top. I'm liking Quail like right at this distance right here. Just take his time. Take his time, but he got to keep you got to stay alert. He's getting a little bit relaxed with his legs. He's got to take his time, use his jab, and then he can end up catching a lever with some nice shots. He's got the power, but he's just being too much dependent on the power. We just saw the power punches and definitely a close encounter of the featherweight kind here. A very competitive matchup. And again coming in the headline was Mirro Quail, the undefeated Argentine looking to move one step closer to a title shot. But the veteran Christian Olivo, Brian Campbell, you mentioned it. He may be the Bside, but he did not come here just to be another opponent. If you've never seen him fight before, he's certainly announcing himself as a technician, showing great poise. Still though, Quo is the aggressor and bringing the offense to him. Yeah, we talked about this earlier, a bit of a boxer, Olivo. We thought that he was a very good boxer. He's showing that right now by taking his time. He's he's fighting a very good fight right now. And one statistic that Olivo is ahead, knockdowns. Quail went down for the first time in round two. Olivo's never been knocked down. Interesting. So, durability and we've seen him take some flush shots from Quo who has 11 knockouts in his previous 14 victories. Less than a minute left here in the fourth. Quo walking, head movement, faints, lands a jab, splits the high guard of Olivo. Olivo's hands a little lower than he probably would like them to be. Sugar Hill. Yeah. Yeah, he's a little bit low, but he's just got to stay busy on the jab. I think Quail's just out jabbing out. And Quail has a very stiff jab. It's actually doing damage. He's got a Olivo's got a nose deal. I think it may be just coming from that jab. He's just counting that jab, but he's got to keep staying on it. And you look at the stats and when it comes to the jabs right now, Olivo's landed 27 throughout the fight while Quailo's landed 25. But we are seeing Quo get busier with the stick. Final 15 seconds of the fourth frame scheduled for 10 in the 126 lb weight class. Another scoring blow for Olivo and Quail lands a comet at the end of the round. [Applause] How you feeling? Good. Get the mouthpiece out. You got to throw more. [Music] Very good round. At the end, you kind of slept there. All right, Sugar Hill, we're going to revisit some of Lebo's success in this fight where he came in as the underdog. Oh, what a nice hook and finished it with a jab. That's like textbook boxing. Start a combination with a jab, you finish it with a jab. He manages to teach me that all the time to teach the fighters. Start a combination with a jab. But he's being so effective even in and out. He's got little movements in, little movements out. He's not staying as a still target right in uh Quo's punching punching zone. And it culminated with Quo going down for the first time. Olivo began boxing at 14. So he's been doing so for for more than half of his life. defend. He's compiled. Well, he wasn't a busy amateur, but what really inspired him was a legendary Juan Manuel Marquez, the four division champion known for his precision, heart, and that iconic knockout of Manny Pacquiao. But Olivo credits Marquez's style and accomplishments as major influences on his own career. You can certainly see it in the way he carries himself and the style that that that technician attitude counter punching go to equal that success, but he certainly is on a good track this fight so far. There aren't many better counter punchers than Juan Manuel Marquez as we go to Larry Hazard, our unofficial score and rules expert. And and we have him well, he has Olivo up by one. So that knockdown proving to be the difference right now in this hotly contested featherweight fight. Quail's having a great start this round using a lot of jabs, skip jabs. But that's where he runs into problem with is when Olivo starts to punch. He just stands there. He won't move his feet to take a step back just to throw just to throw Oivo's uh distance off on his punching. Oh, good counter right hand upstairs by Olivia. Lead right hand by Quo, but it's the body shots and again the accumulation. Hey, he has a degree in finance. He's making that investment to the body, hoping to make a a big withdraw later in the fight. Oh, what about that left uppercut, right hook combination by Christian Olivo Brian? Well, the right hook has been his money punch in this fight. That's the punch that knocked Quo down in round two. And he's been looking to set that up as a perfect counter shot to counteract the constant pressure from Miracle Quail. We're a minute away from the midway point of the fight. Sugar Hill quickly. What adjustment does Quail need to make? I think he was making good adjustments this round here with the jab. Uh he's throwing more right hands instead of trying to look for one big left hook. And it's uh it's been doing pretty good for him this round. The only thing the problem that I'm seeing still having is just he's just going into a block mode and uh he's not moving his feet. Oh, beautiful counter left hook by Olivo again rattling Quailo upstairs and follows up with a jab and Brian I was going to ask you about Olivo adjustments but man if it ain't broke why fix it right I mean how do you beat speed and aggressiveness with timing Olivo certainly using his head in this fight as he targets the body there with the combination and just when I thought that was it he gets caught pulling out of these combinations a lot does catching him every time or not every time but he's catching him quite a bit pulling out of combinations with clean shots like that. Again, featherweight division on display here. Featherweight title up for Brazil. All right, Steven Fulton, Brandon Figareroa will reignite their rivalry for the featherweight title. This one producing a potential future world title challenger, the favorite Miracle Quail went down in round two and he is definitely in tough against the underdog Christian Olivo after five rounds. Olivo ahead in the statistical department, including landing 120 total punches compared to 92 for Quo. 87 to 58 advantage for Olivo in body shots and thereabout even in the jabs department. Well, we saw how close Larry Hazard's unofficial scorecard was earlier and this is going to be a question for the judges. Are you going to prefer the forward pressure, the volume of Quo or the more accurate counter punches from Olivo? It's going to be interesting. This is a close and competitive fight here. Yeah. The thing I'm I'm getting from this fight at certain points is like Quo does something very good. He'll jab. He'll land some good shots and then on his way out he pulls out with his hands on and he gets caught with a big shot which takes away everything that he did. Puts himself right back in the hole again. Oh, lead right uppercut and the right hand to the body. Olivo. No single shots. Everything is a combination whether with one hand or two. Doubling up, tripling up with the left hand. Quail goes to the body with a left hook. Deep jab from Quo. But back comes Oliva. Nice counter right hand by Quo upstairs. Quo reminding Olivo of that power that he brings. You see that left uppercut. Go back to the jab though. He's just got go back to the jab and things open up a lot more for him. That's the midway point of the six. Leo missing with sweeping hooks. There he is. That's the jam. And you can see Olivo's face when he got here with that jab. That is the wonder is leading is in the jab. He's landed a total of 40 again including seven in this sixth round with a minute left. Stepping back is quail avoiding that combination. The jab is one of the easiest punches to throw. It's the first punch you learn actually. Body shots continue to be story for Olivo. Olivo's been very sneaky with these body shots, too, catching Quo when he's been overaggressive and sometimes squaring up when they exchange their good back and forth as this round continues to heat up. There was a good counter right hand by Quo. There's a stab jab to the midsection by Quail. Lands with a clipping right hand upstairs and another jab for Quail. So, according to Sugar Hill, Stewart wants to see more of the jab and he's getting it from Miracle Quales, we begin the second half of this 10 round affair. I'm happy about that cuz now it's making it more exciting. I don't want it to be a one-way fight right now. I like good fights. Nice left hook to the body by Quail responds in kind of a Lebo. Good action here at Featherweight. [Applause] [Music] Press him. Press him. High defense. High guard. Alert with that defense. But press. Press. [Music] Please. The inside fight. We want the inside fight. Come on. Inside punches. Be careful when you pull out. You got more variety. You got more punches. I like this round. I like this round. Let's go, champ. Press. Combinations. Combinations. Let's go. At the beginning of this fight, I mentioned that Quail was coming off a career loss of 309 days. any evidence of rust or timing issues. Sugar Hill from Quo, I don't want to take away from Oliv's fight. Just mentioning the fact that yeah, he's coming off a You never want a fighter to be off that long. Well, I mean, if he stayed in the gym and doing what he's supposed to do as a as a real fighter, staying in the gym, staying ready. Um, you know, it shouldn't be a problem, but I don't think he's got any ring rush right now. And he's doing much much better with with this jab. is actually slowing Alo down. Hardcore boxing fans may have recognized that voice in the face in the corner of Quo. It's Mariano Natalio Carrera who once fought for a secondary world title at middleweight in 2006. Knocked out Javier Castileo. The failed drug test turned that into a no contest. And just like Miracle Quail, Carrera represented Argentina in the Olympics. He's a hero in his home nation. and right now looking to urge his charge on as we enter as we roll into the second half of this fight. And for Olivo, he has Alfredo Leon, the 36-year-old former amateur boxer in his corner. Oh, there's the Aquailo unbeaten but down for the first time in his career in round two trying to fight his way back putting together combinations and establishing the jab. Oh, beautiful right. Couple of right hands found their mark curling around the guard of Quo and Quo's high guard just allows Olivo to go downstairs with a little shoe shine action. Well, you're starting to also see some swelling on the face of Quo as Olivo continues to time him with those clean counter shots. He really is a one-man Marquez disciple when it comes to counters. Wow, beautiful combination. Leap right left hand splits the guard of Quo. Oh, and clips him with a right across the jawline. That has been the punch that's been a problem for Quo this whole fight. That counter short right hand. Christian Olivo has been a problem for Mir Quuo this entire fight. I wish he would go back to the jab again. The determination to the body by Olivo. And now Quail puts together a nice three-punch combination that scored upstairs. Just over 30 seconds left in round seven. This fight is still very much up for grabs. I'm interested to see how the judges are leaning. Toughest fight of his life for Mir Quo digs to the body and then follows up with a jab. With a jab. I like that. to do more than just jab to get back up. You notice that left body shot from Olivo. Miracle made a face after [Applause] that. Perfect. Perfect. Hey. Hey. Hey. What's going on? You're good. You sure? [Music] Hey, listen. Really good round. He caught you with that right hand. Put those hands up. [Music] You got to keep doing it and then finish to the body. Keep that rhythm combination of three, four punches and they're going to land cleanly. Put it inside and then finish from the outside. You can be in the center of the ring. Finish it. And there is that left hand that continues to deliver Christian Olivo as the round begins here. This is round number eight scheduled for 10 at featherweight. The favorite been down once already. That being Mirco Quuo of Argentina, Christian Olivo, the Mexican fighter proudly representing Perosio and Sonora Central Mexico. The home of former two division champ one Francisco Estrada. [Applause] Levo continuing to target that body. I thought that late punch last round may have hurt Quo. See that focus from Helivo. How about that determination in his face? As you said, Sugar, this is a fantastic back and forth fight. Yeah, it's back and forth. No one has taken total control yet. You you have Olivo do some great things in there and then he'll stop all of a sudden. Then you have Quo, he does he does good and then he'll stop and he'll drop his hands at the end and get caught. So, it's just it's going back and forth, but it makes it exciting. But as a as a trainer, I want my fighter to still take control. Stay in control. If your jab is working, go back to what's working and and stay in control of the fight. Like David Benvdas, who will be involved in that much anticipated main event grudge match with fellow MB fighter David Morel. Quo. Oh, he just hate another combo. But Quo has shown a good lead right hand like Benas. Needs to use that more. Does need to put together combinations. And if it starts with the one, it follows with the two. Hey, keep it simple, stupid. Right. This is what There you go. This is what will still be jabing at. You can't take these breaks on. I did like what I just saw there, the added wrinkle of Oolivo going to the body, but finishing upstairs with that right hand. Yeah. Listen, like I said, this this fight is just going back and forth. It makes it a good fight. Ryan, what is your uh with a minute left here in the eighth, what what's your takeaways? What are you seeing and where do you see this headed? Look, as for as close as this fight has been and it continues to be, starting to do a little bit more work and certainly he's done better work it seemed throughout this fight. Can he bring his output up to match the effectiveness of his counter shots while still dealing with those power hooks from Quo. This is a close fight, but seemingly only getting closer as we get getting closer to the end. Exactly. I'm enjoying a very close round here in terms of punches thrown and landed, but it's Olivo still with the edge. Yeah, still just going back and forth, folks. You'll see you'll see Qu land a get shot there and comes right back. I mean, so he's clearly into the fight and he's clearly, you know, doing what he's supposed to do to win a fight. You can't just do something good and just take off. [Music] It's time for the penultimate round. I always love saying that word. Round nine scheduled for 10 at 126. And yeah, things are heating up. Go get it. Let's see who can close stronger here. Two rounds to go. A very close fight. You see Murko Quo stepping on the gas early and Quo now walking down the Lost and just stalking him and now showing aggression. And there a frustrated Quail being warned by the referee. But this is I guess what Quailo's corner wants to see out of him. That urgency, that tenacity. Well, look, his unbeaten record hangs in the balance here. This has been his toughest test to date as a professional without question. And Sugar Hill, look at these numbers. Oibo is is I mean, in again, the numbers don't tell the story, but I mean, look at this stat. It speaks volumes because the volume of Yeah, he's been listen. He's been doing a lot of of good work. uh punching at the end of the combination, touching Quail and uh he caught some shots there from Quail to the face. Quail started off strong and this is what I'm talking about now. It seems like a legal side of rhythm and Qu's taking a break and then he's giving away these punches, giving way back to round again. But defense uh becoming a little more porous. Brian making for more action for the fans, but both of them are landing flush shots here in the night. It's late in this fight. Fatigue setting in, but you see that urgency from Quail this round. You wonder if his team might believe that he's down. This has been a very close fight, but those punch numbers have been in the direction of Alivo. Oh, the right hand scores for Quail. Quail's having a very good round. I'm just hoping he can keep it up. [Applause] Right uppercut, right hook to the body by Olivo. been very impressed with not only the creativity of Olivos's combinations, but the punch placement and the ability to continue to land to the body and land those kinds of combinations through a high guard. Yeah, he he I'm sorry. Listen, Olivo is having good success because when Quail gets to a certain distance and right in punching range, he'll just stop and put his hands at the block. And that's when Olivo starts to jab and then throw left hook to the body, right up to the body, left hook up top. when all had to do is just continue to keep jabbing. Oh, beautiful, Brian. I mean, it doesn't get better than Oliv going to the body and then going upstairs. Downstairs, upstairs continues to pick away, but Quail's always got that left hook to the body as well. This round has been about, excuse me, the aggressiveness of Quail. Now, they're just taking turns with three-punch combinations, one after another. I thought we're going to see a 10 finger guillotine, but the gloves are up. It It makes it so exciting to watch as a fan, but if I'm in the corner as a trainer, I'm I'm mad at both of these fighters. Well, I'll tell you the amped up offense of Quo. He has thrown. The end of this round has landed 19 compared to 14 for Olivo. The 10th and final round is upon us. A fantastic featherweight fight comes down to the final round. [Music] Give me the bell piece. Breathe in. Breathe out. One more round. One more round. Focus. Focus. One round. One round, guys. Oh, you got him already. I can't give this round away. I want the perfect [Applause] round. Come on. Attacking. Come on. Last round. You can't let this round go. You got to let everything out. The body. He doesn't like the body. Come on. Alert. Miracle Quailo's undefeated record hangs in the balance. Underdog Christian Olivo knocked Quo down for the first time in his career in round two. He's been diligent going to the body, putting together the more creative and crafty combinations. While Quo does have the more eyecatching power, he's been unable to slow down his opponent. Indeed, Mo, and you heard the urgency from both corners. You're seeing that play out in front of us. I was sitting here thinking the same thing about the corners. They they gave great instructions. They need this last round. Leivos, we need the last round. And for my vantage point, Qu needs the last round a lot more than Oliv, [Applause] but I'm not a judge and I don't play one on TV. The only scorecards that matter are those three individuals ringside. Two minutes to rule. Nathan void and Olivo again lighting up Quail with the combination and a sniff jab. Oh, good. Quo again with the right clip. Olio and Olio leaned into that fight and now for one of the few times they clinch. Quy throws a very good straight right hand. A lot of times he loops him. When he throws a straight right hand, he gets a lot of power on it and he catches Olivos. And look at our unofficial scorecard. He has Quo up by two points. Interesting. Quo's been down once, but he he appears to like what he's seeing from Quo. is down. Dramatic knockdown. This is the kind of fight I like. Mama mia. High drama in Las Vegas. Went down in the second and drops a leo twice in the 10th when he needs it most. Unbelievable. It's a wow. My oh [Applause] my. Just like that from what could have potentially been the jaws of defeat. It's an unpopular stoppage here in Las Vegas, but it maintains Miracle Quo's I almost said Quirro Quo's undefeated record. Brian, it doesn't get much more dramatic than That's how you finish off a final round in a close fight. You heard the urging from the corner. Quo embodied that, scoring a pair of knockdowns. And obviously the crowd didn't love the stoppage, but referee Chris Flores certainly thought he saw something in the eyes of Olivo. Both fighters going down for the first time in their respective careers. It was Olivo doing it round two counter right. But in the 10th and final round, Sugar Hill, you know, Emanuel's up there smiling at what he just saw with Quo closing the show in style. Yeah, that was one of those Gerald McCart left hooks to the body, just right up the middle. And uh the final knockdown, he came right in just slipping through it. And you can see Olivo's face was just like he was in so much pain. I I didn't know he was getting up from the from the second one. Actually, he got up and the referee just called it off probably just because of the body language. We don't see it sitting out here, but the referee is right there close enough to understand if he can take it or not. Christian Olivo down for the count, but he needs to hold his head high. Christian, let's take a look at the way this fight ended. The two knockdowns as these two warriors embrace. [Music] Nice setup. He's setting it up right now for the left hook to body solo flex. [Music] [Applause] You can see all the pressure he put. That's a great body shot placed on the outside. That was the first knockdown. There it is. Right in the middle. And you can see his face. How poetic is it that in a fight where Miracle Quail was outlanded to the body 8939, he uses a pair of body shots to improve to 15 and0 with 12 KOs's, one step closer to featherweight gold. Yeah, listen, I'm still impressed with the way he knocked him out the last body punch. The way he walked over there nice and slow like he wasn't going to do anything and then he just exploded into a body shot and Olivo wasn't expecting it. Laquo bent. He never broke though. That's some serious moxy that he brought out in the final round. You got to take your hat off to him. Let's make it official with Miguel Flores. Ladies and gentlemen, referee Chris Flores calls a stop to this contest at 2 minutes and 1 second of the 10th and final round for your winner by TKO and still undefeated Mirao. Here in the home of the Vegas Golden Knights, we've seen a hat-tick of hits, a hat-tick of dramatic knockouts.