Kind: captions Language: en It is time for the main event of the evening, the welterweight champion, Mario Barios, against the living legend himself, Manny Pacquiao. Let's go ringside. Ladies and gentlemen, we welcome you to the MGM Grand Garden Arena here in Las Vegas, Nevada, as Premier Boxing Champions presents the PBC pay-per-view on Prime featured attraction of the evening brought to you by MP Promotions along with TGB Promotions and sponsored by DraftKings Sportsbook. The crown is yours and also brought to you by Universal Pictures Nobody Too only in theaters August 15th. This bound is sanctioned by the WBC president Mauriciosman along with the Nevada State Athletic Commission. The chairman is Dallas Horn executive director Jeff Mullen. Our three judges scoring them out from ringside. From Nevada, Tim Chetum from New York, Max Duca. And from New Jersey, Steve Weissfeld. And introducing our third man to the ring, the referee will giving instructions. After the introductions, we have Thomas Taylor. All right, fans. Here we go with the main event of the evening, 12 rounds of boxing with the WBC Welterweight Championship of the World. And now, ladies and gentlemen in attendance and boxing fans joining us around the world, live from the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas, it's prime time. [Applause] Introducing to you first the challenger fighting out of the blue corner trained by Hall of Fame trainer Freddy Roach in wearing black trunks with orange trim. The distinguished former senator hailing from and representing the Sareni province in the Philippines. He weighed in at 146.8 lb. Recently inducted into the International Boxing Hall of Fame and having defeated eight current Hall of Famers, he holds a professional record of 62 wins, eight losses, and two draws with 39 wins, coming by way of knockout. Tonight, he is making his return to the ring. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome boxing's pride of the Philippines. Truly one of the all-time greats of the sport. Here is the renowned 12time eight division champion of the world. Introducing the one and only Manny Pac-Man Pacquiao and his opponent across the ring in the red corner guided under the tuna renowned trailer Bob Santos wearing blue trunks with cheetah print hailing from and representing his beautiful hometown of San Antonia. IO Texas. He weighed in at 146.2 lb with a record of 29 wins, two losses, and one draw. He has 18 of his wins coming by way of knockout, having captured a world title at 140 and 147 lbs. Ladies and gentlemen, here is the accomplished two division world champion, the current reigning and defending WBC welterweight champion of the world. Introducing El Aka Mario Barios. [Applause] Once again, here's our referee in charge now to give instructions, Thomas Taylor. 15 seconds. Can I have you right here? Thank you. Can I have you right here? &gt;&gt; Okay, gentlemen. Everything on the orange up is going to be good. Bottom of the white letters up is good. You got my instructions in the back. Gentlemen, protect yourselves at all times. Listen to my commands. Touch them up. Back to front, John. Sometimes words aren't necessary. The crowd will tell you what this moment is all about as they await the first bell for Manny Pacquiao's return against Marios. Mario told me this is the biggest fight of my career. This is the grandest stage and early on we will know if we get vintage Manny Pacquiao or old Manny Pacquiao. And the difference is huge. &gt;&gt; Well, either way, this crowd has received Pac-Man's return in a big way, as you'd expect. You wonder what effect that will have on the judges because anytime Pacquiao comes close to landing, you'll hear from the strong crowd in this arena. &gt;&gt; And you heard me as well when he landed that left landed on the arms of Mario. But yeah, I said because yes, these first two, three rounds, we're going to see if the timing is still there for Pacquiao. That was his speed. That was the one thing that was missing when I went to his public workout. It was the timing that seemed to be off. I spoke to Freddy Roach about it. He says, "Look, the legs are still there." And tonight, it's about a great left hand for Manny against a great right hand from Barios. They're head left for Manny Pacquiao. Yeah, so far it's been left for Manny Pacquiao. No punches thrown yet from Barios. Mario's still feeling out, Manny. But you have to believe this will be as quick and resourceful as Manny will be all night. And so far, he looks good. Jing to the body consistently. You know that Bar does not want to make a mistake against the experienced Manny Pacquiao has been in there against the greats of the great. So being cautious in this first round, &gt;&gt; guys. Art has made no bones about it. He says the longer the fight goes on, the more it favors me. And we know that Pacquiao needs to have this kind of quick start. Pac split the guard during that sequence. That left hand speed is still there. There's a right hand of Mario trying to establish some respect from the Pac-Man. First right hand in Mario's threw and it landed close on Pacquiao and it seemed like it it didn't hurt him but definitely got him off balance. Mario's trying to establish the jab &gt;&gt; and it almost seems like he wants Paco to get some sense of confidence for him to come in and do something like that. Open up and then land a quick sharp uppercut. There's that left from Manny Pacquiao. He's got to stay active with it though. He's got to be able to move his feet consistently. something he couldn't do in the Ugos fight last time we saw him back in 2021. It's a nice jab from Manny Pacquiao despite the 4H disparity. But it's the quickness that makes Manny Pacquiao dangerous. And look against Ugas. He told members of his team, I could see the shots. I couldn't get there. Tonight, he's getting there. He definitely is not punches in this round, but the punches that he did throw were effective. [Applause] Sponsored by DraftKings Sportsbook. The crown is yours. Brought to you by Universal Pictures. Nobody Too. Only in theaters August 15th. [Music] &gt;&gt; Thank you for coming in. Right. [Music] Right handed body. Okay. Roach asking Manny Pacquiao to throw combinations to the body. But he's got to be very aware of that powerful right hand from Mario Barios. 18 knockouts in 29 victories. You see Barios now coming out to meet Manny Pacquiao in the center of the ring. Wants to establish the fact that he's the champion. Will this be the round after feeling out round? He starts off with a good jab. He has to take the lead. meaning barios with the output to control the terms of this fight and really as he said all week make Manny look and feel like the older fighter. &gt;&gt; Yeah, again, you know, it felt like the first round was definitely a study round for Barios. He saw what he needed to see. He landed the right hand comes in forward, opens up. So now is it's Bario's trying to get the jab going. But again, Pacquiao, you see you see the old Pacquiao coming in with the flurry stepping back and getting back on that jab. That was a quick one too from Pacquiao. What was not quick was his exit using the feet get tangled there as Thomas Taylor the third man in the ring immediately sees that it was the feet getting tackled. It will happen after when a south body orthodox fighter step in the ring to go. It happens all the time. But even a knockout suddenly you go down even if there was no punching kind of get a little bit distracted speed of barios but no he's getting back to that jab. Pacquiao has the chance to achieve many different historic feats tonight. One of them is becoming the first boxer in history to hold a world title in four different decades. Incredible thing. And the fact that he would be the first ever inducted international boxing hall of famer to not only come back but to also be crowned the world champion. But to do that, there's a lot that yet needs to be done. That was a nice jab in followed by a body shot early as well from Varios. He definitely needs to work the body against the older 46-year-old Manny Pacquiao. Break him down. Donald very ill-intentioned counter right that Barios wanted to punish Pacquiao. That's a nice left and then a jab counter from Barios. So there's an answer from Barios now in the second round. There's an answer from Vados, the right hand, but Pacquiao's landing some shots, too. And then let's not forget, guys, Manny Pacquiao still possesses that power, the old man power. People talked about in the scoring sessions that he was hurting people. And once again, he's in against a bigger fighter. Barios's team said they wanted him to come in at around 168 lbs on fight night. Pacquiao nowhere near there. Remember Mario Barios hasn't been on a fight at this level exactly, but he's been on the pay-per-view level twice in losses to Dervante Davis and Keith Thurman and he talked so much this week about what he learned from those in terms of maturity, education, patience. Pacquiao was patient and countered with a short right, which is not his MMO. He's a big left-hand guy, but you know, early on he was seen as a onehanded puncher. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Right here. Listen into Bob Santos. &gt;&gt; Hey, real quick. &gt;&gt; All you have to do is use your jab. All you have to do is use your jab and don't force it to the body. But every opportunity, we have to start touching the body. Okay. Hey, keep on looking. All right. &gt;&gt; He's doing perfect. Perfect start to the fight. &gt;&gt; And here is the one, two that Matty Pacquiao landed on. Mario Varios, but Mario Varios had a response for that. And that was a straight jab to the face of Matty Pacquiao. &gt;&gt; You got the cop. that right hand to the body. &gt;&gt; Touch him to the body. &gt;&gt; What we're seeing early on is that first step offensively is there. What's not really there is the exit strategy from Manny Pacquiao with that right hand. Yep. &gt;&gt; Now it's Bario starting off with the jab using his height advantage and reach advantage. 6 and 12 in tall, 4 in longer on that reach. Bob Santos is such a key to the confidence and execution of Mario Barios. And remember that was Barios's original trainer when he turned pro in 2013. They went 16 and0 together. They parted ways and since they've returned in 2023, you've seen a more confident bar since 30 and one overall, including winning one title. He has been Santos these last couple of fights and again he's a legend tonight. He's not going to make any mistakes and Bob Santos knows. He's being really alert, really cautious. Speaking of barios, man, he looked like he was motioning to Bario's telling him to raise the punches after a couple were on that belt line. Bario says, "Hey, you're not the referee. That guy's got to tell me what to do." &gt;&gt; Well, that's a key part of it. We're going to wait for this turning point where Bario stops respecting Pacquiao. That could either be the point that begins his undoing if he gets caught or that downhill ride as the younger man with the younger legs. &gt;&gt; And when you come to that word respect, these both warriors have been touching up gloves at the beginning of each round as a sign of respect. But Vario says, "I have to lose that respect." and his trainer Bob Santos said, "Look, at the end of the day, I need my guy to have a killer instinct because you ask guys like Oscar De La Hoya, Antonio Margarito, Eric Morales, Maru Antonio Vera, what happens when you don't match this guy's killer instinct. It doesn't end well. It does not. And there's a response from Vario's body. And here you see Thomas Don saying, "You may be Manny Pacquiao, but I established the belt line early on before the fight started." He's very particular about that. And you love that out of a referee of Thomas Taylor's pedigree. Yeah. And for me, guys, I I don't think it's much so the respect that is showing for Pacquiao right now. I think it's just like he's trying to figure him out. He's got the jab going. Okay. He's trying to land the body. He's landed a couple of moves, but at the same time, he does not want to make mistakes. There's a nice leaping left there from Manny Pacquiao. There's that jab, though. He can't get away from the jab of Mario. He's just too slow on the defensive end tonight. He knows that sooner or later Pacquiao is going to faint. So, he believes and hopes. &gt;&gt; Barios has a 4 in reach advantage, but he's 6 and 1/2 in height advantage. The tallest opponent at 6' that Manny has yet to face. Right uppercut now. Heat. Heat. [Applause] like do not allow him the referee to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] fight. Okay? So, whatever he does, let the ref do the blessing. Okay? So, if he complains or something, he ain't the referee. Don't go at him in a direct line when he starts complaining about that. Those are clean bulls. You got to come to him. He don't like the body shots. Okay? He's not the referee. Let the ref do his job. You do yours. working that right hand on the body like &gt;&gt; early in the round. The right hand by Bario straight right hand twice. You notice that the first one didn't land flush and he went for the second one. And here it is again getting desperate. Manny Pacquiao lunging in guard down and Bario is taking advantage of that and landing that right hand. Manny Pacquiao still draws a crowd. At age 46, people understand that if anybody can defy father time. If anyone can make history once again, it's the man in the black trunks with the orange trim. The man you know by just one name. That's how you know an athlete has made it. If you're Pelle, if you're Maradona, if you're Cristiano, well, if you hear the name Manny or Pacquiao, you're not thinking Manny Machado. This is a people's champ right here. Everyone loves Manny. He's Oh, hold on here. &gt;&gt; One of those stiff jabs there from Burios. It looked like it snapped ahead of Pacquiao back during that sequence. Yeah, he kind of shook him up a little bit, [Applause] but then he didn't follow up. I mean, we're seeing in in pockets the limitations, the age of Manny Pacquiao. As long as his balance and his stamina can hold form, he's still a threat in this fight. But when one of those goes, it could really turn quickly. &gt;&gt; And that jab did catch Manny a little bit off balance. And that's why it seemed to be more damaging than it was. &gt;&gt; Already though, he's moving a lot more than he did against uh Ugas some four years ago in which he said he was getting leg massages three times a day. He cramped up in that fight. Since then, they've switched course. Massages once a week. And he says he feels a lot younger because of that. I've seen in this fight so far for Manny Pacquiao. Moving a lot more feet movement and quickness, but again, Mario's not yet throwing a lot of punches like Ugas did against Manny Pacquiao. And that gave Manny problems. And there it is. Every time that that Mario throws punches, he lets he hurts Pacquiao. That was a nice counter from Mario Varios that Manny Pacquiao tried to get a couple of other shots in. And there's a leaping uppercut there from Mario. Now establishing the jab against the veteran. Look, if he can get Manny Pacquiao walking backwards, that's the fight. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you got to start getting the attention of Manny by doing that. The jab, push him back. The jab is the key. That's the key to wear Manny down. Really pull out that gas tank. &gt;&gt; I like the bigger fighter you are. A nice right uppercut also from Mario. Maybe not landing clean, but he's getting there and he's making Manny Pacquiao think before he commits. Mario has had the upper hand for most of this round. You can still see him lary of the speed of that. [Applause] You see that straight left to the body from Manny Pacquiao. does not forget who slid him to the face for Manny. The right cross from Barios landed flush. However, it's the back and forth between these two fighters. You can feel the tension and also the respect. [Music] Outfit last round. The shots, the straight punches, the right hand to the body are landing easy right now on Manny Pacquiao. And I love that he gets back to that jab. Straight punches, straight right hand, and back to his jab. &gt;&gt; Perfect, perfect, perfect. &gt;&gt; Joe Koy, the famous comedian who's going to be teaming up with Gabriel Glacia's Fluffy to sell out Sofi Stadium in March of 2026. Tonight, he says, "You can't be a Filipino and not be a fan of Manny Pacquiao." Hey, look, if we're honest, we're all fans of Manny Pacquiao. It's a oneofone athlete and the way people belove and remember him is also special. These fans came not not to support, they believe that he can win ultimately and you certainly saw that the way the betting line changed as we got closer. &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, you're right. And so far showing some some grits. showing some good shots, but again the hard shots very quick Manny Pacquiao as you see official score Hazard has the fight a draw now after four rounds giving the champion the last two. You get the feeling Mario is showing too much respect or is there enough of of a threat coming back that this is how you have to break Pacquiao down? &gt;&gt; I I think that there's enough of a threat from Manny Pacquiao aggression, the the fast punches that has barios, thank you. He's he's not again he does not want to make a mistake. So little by little, this is the fifth round. There's going to come a point we know about Santos where he's going to tell him and he's going to urge him. Okay, it's time to step it up. Act like the bigger guy and the younger guy. Push him back. That was a nice left there from Manny Pacquiao. Partially parried by Mario Barios, but you can see why he is leerary of throwing that right hand until he has an opportunity. And he did say, "I'm going to take him to deep waters. I want to see how much he has left. How those legs are cramping or not cramping past six, eight, 10 rounds. I know I'm young. I know I'm 30 years old. I'm in my prime." He is not. Marios are starting to time that counter right hand perfectly after Pacquiao finishes his combination attempts. Space Mario over that right counter. There's that stick once again. I mean to be honest, Bios can just jab his way to victory tonight if he wants to. I don't think that's the way it's going to play out, but he could. I believe that's where Bob Sant's home. You could just jab, son. Keep jabbing. And every jab, there it is. It lands every time he throws it. [Applause] &gt;&gt; When Pacquiao lunges, he leaves himself square. That's a dangerous place to be. I mean, I just got one more one word. Marquez. That's exactly what happened. Marquez well. He pointed in with his hands out with the straight overand overhand left himself on right and knocked him out. It's the last time Pacquiao has been knocked down in his career. That was 2012. Close out the round of this fight. And you see this crowd is loving the action. Take a deep breath. Look, &gt;&gt; don't come in direct line. You got to use the jab to push him back. We got to hold him down and push him back. He's getting gas. When you put that pressure on him, mentally, he's going to gap. But don't come in a direct line. Angle, angle, angle, and use the jab. Touch the body every single time underneath. Okay. But we got to hold push him back. Go ahead and go forward. Go ahead. Start pushing them back. Make him feel old. Start double crippling with his guard. Right. &gt;&gt; When he go that left hand, catch it with his body. Right. &gt;&gt; Let's go. Let's start making him feel old. All right. Here you go. We start pressing them. All right. Small step control. Make your feet behind the jab. Smart. All right. &gt;&gt; Pacquiao of old used to throw five, six punch combinations like it was nothing. &gt;&gt; Tonight, that's just not part of the repertoire. No. And even when he's throwing three-punch combinations, he's finishing with his hands down a little bit off balance, which is something we're not used to seeing in a Pacquiao fight. &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, of course not. But, you know, being smart Pacquiao, he doesn't want to guess out. Leave everything in one round. So, whenever he sees an opportunity, he lets those hands go. Four, three, four punches, but not the six, seven combinations. And then the side steps that we were used to seeing from Manny Pacquiao. &gt;&gt; That's a big part of it. The footwork to exit. That's why he looks so, let's just say, old against Ugas. And that was a much younger version of Pacquiao. Body shot there with the left from Manny Pacquiao to the solar plexes of Mario. He's got to keep working that body shot. Manny Pacquiao does not forget the last time Bario spot, he saw, it was against Tank Davis. And Tank Davis knocked him down with that body shot. &gt;&gt; Oh, nice jab from Bar. That was stiff and right in the face of Manny Pacquiao. That's what Bob Santos wants from him. We heard him say that. And don't forget, Santos an accomplished trainer. He's been in many Patty Pacquiao camps in the past as an assistant helping out. He knows Pacquiao and that played a big role in their preparation. [Applause] Counter shots there for Mario's flush to the chin. And for Pacquiao right now, it's not how many punches for the speed, it's the right punches that you need to throw. Body shots, straight left, jab, wait for the right moment, but don't go in flurries like you used to because again, you're leaving yourself exposed. There's a 16 punch connect advantage through the first six rounds. And here's Pacquiao coming in. Is not making a pay uses his shoulder there to get Manny Pacquiao off of. You wonder how many of these surges is Pacquiao going to have each round as this fight goes on. Nice uppercut. And you can see how Pacquiao talks to barios. And that's why it was so important when Bob Santos says, "Do not allow him to referee this fight." He all, you know what Morales told me? He would say, "Break, break, break." But Manny P would say that. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And the muscle memory, right? You were just, "Okay, I'll break." Yeah. Nice job there. Heat up here. [Applause] [Music] Move around. [Music] You can't hear what you're going to see. Come on. All right. Five. Five shots in a row. It's over. [Music] It's a party inside the MGM Grand Garden Arena. Manny Pacquiao's record 16th main event in this building. And he's had some success and he's had forgettable nights as well. Joe Gusen at the midway point of this fight. What do you perceive? Well, let me give you the score. First of all, I think Manning won the first two rounds. I thought Bars won the next three. And I think the last one, maybe Pacquiao eked it out with that combination at the end of the round. Okay, it's all beauties in the eye of the holder. But that being said, look, Manny's hanging tough for a 46y old right now. He's in his fight. He hasn't really gotten hurt. His balance isn't beautiful anymore, but he's still, you know, his legs are still walled right there. So, that's a that's a good combination he threw there. It's going to impress the judges. It just impressed me. There's two of them. Mario has got to get those back or else Manny's on top by two combinations. So, you know, it's an eb and flow right now. But look, Manny at 46 years old is pretty unbelievable right now. And Barios, of course, you know, he's going to probably get better in the second half of this fight, but we'll see. That's the expectation. Thank you very much, Joe. You're welcome. But Barios will have to get to his average of 20 power punches thrown per round because through six rounds he hasn't topped 19 power punches thrown in a single round. There were some good surges there from Pacquiao including that lead right hook. But Freddy Roach telling him in the corner we need five six punch combinations. He said this fight could be over. You got to be careful balancing that gas tank if you're Pacquiao on the flip side. &gt;&gt; That counter left after how effective it was for him. That was really effective. You see what you what Pacquiao is doing? He's moving to his right. Now &gt;&gt; explain why that's so easy. So he's moving to his right. He's taking that right away from Bario. So every time he steps to the right, there's no there's no right that barios can land cuz his whole body is at a different angle. Really smart from Manny Pacquiao. Double jabbing turning to the right. But he can't land the jab though from there. &gt;&gt; Yeah, but that the left is there for Manny. This really is, as Joe said, remarkable that we're seeing Pacquiao at this age after this layoff. Almost fighting on even terms here with Mario. Oh, what a nice from Barios. But the answer for Manny Pacquiao. If they are in the center of the ring, Manny Pacquiao on the inside can do damage. &gt;&gt; Yeah, now Varios is letting Pacquiao let leading first. Get in first. Take the initiative. Get the jab going. Remember, Bario's jab was effective and had Pacquiao off balance, but now he's allowed the crowd to get into this fight as well. And it's a pro Manny Pacquiao fight inside the MGM Grand Gardener Arena. Bario's keeping his nerve, keeping his cool, but at some point he needs to do that and establish himself as the champion. part of that dominance early on or in the middle round with Mario Barios using that jab after it's a close fight. The jab how Mario started and here it is so effective pushing Manny Pacquiao back getting him off balance setting everything with that jab. And you said it earlier, Bernardo, you can win this entire fight simply with that jab. Pull that up. Got it. He's starting to break down. He's going to look for one big shot. Not even going to cruise. You guys cruise the whole time. All right. Yeah. Down. Let's go, Mario. Let's go, baby. Be alert, baby. &gt;&gt; Be alert. Round eight of a scheduled 12round WBC welterweight title fight. Bernardo Osuna alongside three division champion Abner Modis, combat sports specialist Brian Campbell, a Hall of Famers Jim Gray, Joe Gusen, and our very own host Brian Kuster on the call today. Nice straight left from Manny Pacquiao. He's finding spots for his quick shots here. The timing is absolutely beautiful here. &gt;&gt; I'm impressed. The 46y old man, the timing's there. I mean, he talked about it. He said it. The the the training camp was good. Everything was working perfectly. And we're seeing it right now. The fight really close as we're seeing 667 in favor of Manny Packer. That's Larry Hazard's unofficial scorecard. And look, he may look like a 40-year-old, but he's not that 40-year-old we saw against. is nothing near a 46y old through eight rounds tonight. I think some of that is Pacquiao. He's busy politics here. &gt;&gt; Sure. And Pacquiao, he's busy in politics, philanthropy. If he's unfocused, if he's not putting in the work, sometimes you get a different Pacquiao. I think that's what we saw in the loss to Jeff Warren in 2017. Look what happened when he came back two years later. Looked completely different going through Broner and Thurman. &gt;&gt; Yeah, listen there there was that question even Barios had. Why did Manny Pacquiao choose me? Why me? Am I the weakest link? Well, I'm going to give you a simple answer. I think that Barios waits too much. He takes his sweet time and he's giving Pacquiao these opportunities to go in with the flurries, take his time, he does not put the pressure for this older man. So, that is the answer. If Vario was able to pressure and throw a lot more punches like did, it will be a whole different story. And that's a temperament issue. He has slight Pacquiao his ammo. You can't give Pacquiao an inch here. He'll take a lot more. Look at that. He's giving you enough space, time to think, Barios. And Pacquiao, we taking it. He's taking a breather. He's relaxing. That's as much as his right hand. The left hand was partially blocked by Barios, who's been very responsible defensively tonight. Made very few mistakes. Remember what Pacquiao revealed this week? He didn't pick Marios. His wife Jinky did. But watching Morios's last fight, the draw with Al Ramos saying, "I think you can beat that guy." &gt;&gt; Well, so far it's looking that way. This is a close fight. Unbelievable that we're here at this point in his career. Unbelievable that Manny's still here at this point in this fight and he's competitive and taking the lead in round number eight and the 10sec cl getting the crowd on their feet. Big time for Pacquiao is going to have to light a fire on the barios. Beautiful [Applause] domination. Beautiful combination. Great job. Relax. Last 30 seconds. There is Jinky, Manny Pacquiao's wife. His daughter's also in attendance. She knows what she saw. She also was here the night that he got knocked out by Juan Marquez. So for her to say you have what it takes. Abner, it's usually the wife who tells you the true version of who you are at your best and at your worst. For some honest, he won't tell you the truth. And if Jakey said, "Matty Packet, you got to what it takes to be Barios." Well, guess what? He's proven it tonight. You do wonder though, is that a little fool's gold in there? That was a down performance from Barios in his own opinion. He said he was ill during training camp. He was more focused on making weight and he definitely faded down the second half. He's got to prove tonight that he is that younger fighter in command in the championship rounds. And so far through eight rounds at the beginning of round number nine. Stamina not an issue for Manny Pacquiao. It was. How will his legs look? Will he still have that spring in his step? And so far, Abner, you have a better eye for this. What are you seeing? I'm seeing a a really focused Manny Pacquiao. An energized Manny Pacquiao. This is the ninth round. He's throwing a lot of punches. He's moving a lot. And it almost looked like this is the younger guy, the 46-y old man. He's moving and doing a lot more than Varios. Look, only Pacquiao knows how much is truly left in the tank. But you wonder is the combination of this crowd and the passion Pacquiao has for this sport. Is that enough to lift him to victory? &gt;&gt; I think so. I just saw had a really good body shot counter, but it's just the numbers are adding up for Manny Pacquiao here in the last four rounds. It's just he's running numbers on barios and he's just not finding answers. To answer your question, Mark, yes, you feed off the energy of the people and that's what Manny Pacquiao is known for. The crowd, they love Manny Pacquiao. They know he can do it. And I'm a believer right now. And they may not be six punch flurries, but they are three and four punch combinations from the pack. &gt;&gt; And it's enough to give Fio doubt. It's enough to discipline him just enough to prevent him from letting go those combinations, including that straight right hand. &gt;&gt; And more importantly, it's enough for the judges to believe what they're seeing in the ring with their own eyes. But for when you start thinking, come on, I'm the younger guy. I'm stronger. I'm bigger. I got to start pushing this old man back. It's not there yet. But there's 35 seconds left in this ninth round. And right before he started this ninth round, Bob Santos told Mario, "Do not allow him to steal rounds from you because this happens. The crowd gets going and Manny gets going." Let's see what kind of response Barios has. I tell you one thing, the jab is gone. There it is right on Q. The jab is totally gone from Mario barios. That's what was dictating the fight in the beginning. Back here to get close to land these shots. [Applause] Let's make sure to finish this. But now, let's close the show. Okay. &gt;&gt; Last three rounds in the bank. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Use the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of that jab and bang the body. &gt;&gt; And when you hurt him with the body, try a little bit off an angle and press. Combination. &gt;&gt; This is how Manny Pacquiao is winning rounds. He throws a combination of punches. A flurry. One, two, one, two. Boom. Four. One, two. And he's going straight back. Mario Varios. But he he he opens up. He leaves himself open for Barios to counter punch, but he does not pull the trigger. &gt;&gt; There's Sebastian Fedora defended his title successfully against the man he took it from Tim Zoo just moments ago. And now Manny Pacquiao looking to make history again. &gt;&gt; How do you give a 46y old a break in the corner? &gt;&gt; Give me the tape. Thomas Taylor is all like, I'm taking if you guys can't fix it, I'm fixing it. &gt;&gt; All of this will just benefit Pacquiao. I mean, Barios as well, but this is what Pacquiao needs. &gt;&gt; He's using all the tricks in the book right now. Matty, you have to [Applause] &gt;&gt; And let's see how Thomas Taylor reacts to that cheekiness in the corner of Manny Pacquiao because he doesn't play any games. Nice flurry there from Mario Barios. The instructions from Bob Santos is a come out and dominate these last three rounds. These are the championship rounds and our official scorer Larry Hazard has Manny Pacquiao up 8784. So Mario needs all the last three rounds just to get a draw. What's your score look like right now? Five rounds to four in favor of Matty Pacquiao. And you got to wonder how many close rounds just by that explosion of the crowd are going to lean Manny's west. We talked about the sentimental favor. These judges are human. They know what they're experiencing. They know what they're living. And that's the difficulty of separating yourself. And that's why has to do exactly what he did there. Throw flurries, connect, and push Pacquiao back. The opportunities there. We talked about every time that Pacquiao throws a combination and leaves himself open does not execute. It does not let the right hand go. There it is the jab. He's got to get it going again. Get the rhythm. Get the momentum. Look, it's one thing if you're 46 and you're only relying on power to stay relevant. Pacquiao is out thinking and out performing up to this point to the point that Pan has outed barios in three of the last four rounds. He's 16 years older than Mario. And you know what? He turned pro four months before Barios was born. Won his first world title when Mario was three. Beat Valer in San Antonio, Barios's hometown when he was 8 years old. But you know what? We talked about it. If anybody can defy father time, if anybody can say I could care less what your doubts are, I believe in myself and God is in my corner. It's Manny Pacquiao. isn't proving as much that age is just a number. I think he's proving that he is a true one of one with this performance so far. He is definitely one of one using all the tricks, all the experience, blocking those shots and counter punching effectively. Speaking of Manny Pacquiao, beautiful body shot and he's still his host. 10th round and Manny Pacquiao is so elusive still with this with this footwork. trades of Sugar Ray Leonard over marvelous Marvin Haggler. There's still a lot of boxing to go here. We've got 6 minutes and 20 seconds left for history to be made and it's still up in the balance. There's a lot of rounds that could have gone either way here. So, neither can feel like I've got this fight in the bank. The championship rounds will be crucial here at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas, Nevada. And what a privilege it is to call Manny Pacquiao's return. Hey, two rounds to go. Be alert. Don't show him no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] respect. No [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] respect. Don't touch his [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] gloves. Be alert and don't show him no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] respect. But be alert. Okay. You're trying to run you into something. You're the champion. &gt;&gt; We need the jab. And banging the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of his body. He don't like it. That's why he keeps trying to touch you. Don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] respect him, but be alert. Okay. He's trying to rest. You got to work. All right. Don't let him rest. He's trying to wrestle me through his combination. I don't care if you miss. Let's go. &gt;&gt; Stay with him. &gt;&gt; Hey, these last two rounds are going to change your life, huh? &gt;&gt; Let's go, baby. Let's go. All you got to do is stay with him. All right. Hard pressure. &gt;&gt; Staple Center was the house that Kobe built. The United Center was the house that Jordan built. This MGM Grand Garden Arena is the house that Manny Pacquiao built. 16th fight in this building and this man knows that the judges have their work cut out here. Yeah, definitely do. &gt;&gt; And this is Barios, excuse me. This is Barios's moment to listen to his corner and his trainer Bob Santos and let respect go out the window and let your hands go. &gt;&gt; Really important three rounds for both sides. Really close fight, really close rounds. Manny Pacquiao doing exactly what he wants to do, but that's the best combination we've seen from Mario as Pacquiao touches his gloves. &gt;&gt; And that is there all the time. Every time that Manny Pacquiao takes that first step in, he's got his guard open. Barios has got to take the advantage and let those hands go &gt;&gt; like that. You split the guard with the jab. And now what do you do behind it? A left hook. A triple left hook from Mario Barios. This is exactly what you need to do when you're the younger, taller, bigger fighter. Simple as that. Manny Pacquiao took a step back. He said something and he stopped the momentum of Barios. That was a short right hook from Manny Pacquiao. Now he's starting to dart in. That's good for him, but it also creates openings for a lot of fighters like that one with the left hook and the right downstairs. That was a good fight. Get and take action here in round 11 right from switching things up. And now he's got Pacquiao on the back foot. [Applause] No matter how this fight ends, this is the 11 round. seen Manny Pac, the 46y old legend, champion, people's champion, fighting the way he is. Oh my god, my ultimate respect. Look, you came back after a four-year layoff. And what did that feel compared to what you're seeing in the ring tonight? Nothing compared to what I did when I came back for four years. After four years, I was missing a lot off timing. And I have not seen any of that with Matty Pacquiao. Another right hand for Matty Pacquiao. two-punch combination following up. This is where he has the position to potentially steal a round. I love the work of Barios up to this point. You see Barios once he has something going for him. He's landing shots. All of a sudden, he stops. There's a nice lead left on the jab from Mario Barios. And that's what he did. He quieted the crowd just as they were getting going. That's the one thing he's done the last three rounds is quiet the crowd just as they're crescendoing. There's a nice straight left from Manny Pacquiao. Someone's got to steal the round. Nice job from held his ground in round number 11. This is the first time he's landed over 10 power punches in a round and it took 11 rounds to do it. Now on his feet [Applause] at the bell. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Don't force it, but jab and light. Yep. And dig hard. Little jackhammer jab and dig hard. Make sure your hands are coming back up. All right. Off the chest. Dig to that. Hey, it's there right be super alert. No [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] respect. No [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] respect, but be alert. Right. Change your life. Let's get it. &gt;&gt; Are we about to witness history? [Applause] This is it. Will Manny Pacquiao win the world title at age 46? the first Hall of Famer to come back and do it or will Mario send everybody home sad that the 46-year-old was in control until the championship rounds. See, you're hardest. Why are you starting the round like this? You got to push Manny Pacquiao back. This is the last round. You're the younger fighter. You got more in you. So, I believe or think, but he's not showing any signs of that. He's already proved his point. Did Pacquiao win or lose the point that he's not yet done with boxing and he also added on I'm different than every other fighter. Boy, is he. 74 to 69 power punch land advantage. And there's 75 for Manny Pacquiao at straight left. It's going to be about experience. It's going to be about hunger. It's going to be about desire. It's going to be about feeding off the crowd. It's going to be about who wants to win tonight. &gt;&gt; So far, I'm seeing Manny Pacquiao. Manny Pacquiao is the one that's dictating right now. Oh, even though Barios came back with that. &gt;&gt; And that was good angles for Mario Bios. And once again, the lead right. This is what Barios needs to do. &gt;&gt; Pacquiao tries his best to answer. &gt;&gt; Really, both of them have done the great job. Whenever the other fighter lands a big combination, they come right back. I wanted to say Pacquiao looks tired. He looks weary. Every time I think that he surges back with a three-punch combination, but this rhythm of fight benefits Pacquiao right now. I mean, why is Mario Bios allowing that rhythm to fight? Yeah, no clue. I mean the the coach has told them already Santos you got to push this is your last round is going to change your life life last round but we're not seeing that from barios [Applause] absolutely the question soon might be how will this win change Pacquiao's legacy if it happens here as we're even pretty even in this final Here [Applause] we go. Memorials, guys. Let's just let the people take us home. [Applause] No one has to fight the odds than Manny Pacquiao. fighting as a young man through a few Filipino vessels to put food on the table for his family when they didn't even have rice to eat to headlining for the 15th time inside the MGM Grand Garden Arena looking to make history at 46 years old because his wife Ji said I think you can beat this man. This is not a movie script. This is real life but only a fighter like Manny Pacquiao can bring this to life. It's only going to come down though to the opinion of those three judges that score at ringside. [Music] &gt;&gt; As we look back at the action we saw throughout this fight when Bario's committed to that jab, Abner, it was his consistent weapon along with that right cross, but he had big bounce of inactivity as that fight went on. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that jab was dictating everything. the momentum, the rhythm of Manny Pacquiao, stopping stopping him on his tracks and opening up the guard for that right hand. Straight punches from Mario Varios, but he stopped doing that. And Manny Pacquiao let his hands go when he was winning rounds, making rounds really close. So again, a really close fight and we'll find out if all the time is still undefeated tonight. We will see what the numbers look like with the judges because that's what really matters. But these are the compu box numbers and you see that overall it was Mario Bario's outlanding Manny Pacquiao by 17 or 19 punches. The power punches that's what favored Manny Pacquiao by six and the 25 punch jab advantage for Mario Varios. But it doesn't tell the story of what we saw in the ring tonight. It's really going to come down to that classic argument a lot. The jabs of Barios against the cleaner power punches of Manny Pacquiao. For what it's worth, I thought Parios overtook Pacquiao in the scorecards in that final round. Seven rounds to five overall, but I'm just one opinion that doesn't matter. These rounds were close. This one really feels like it could go either way. Manny Pacquiao, the chance to make history once again. And you see the embrace from Mario Barios. I think Mario Barios, if he doesn't get the nod tonight, will look back at those middle rounds when he allowed Manny Pacquiao to go downhill and take control. And Bob Santos kept telling him, "These are rounds that are going to change your life, son. Come on, push it. Show me something. Let your hands go." But it was the moments that he will give Matty Pacquiao the space, the time to let his hands go that he would let Matty Pacquiao steal the rounds. Finally, your scorecard before we go to Jimmy Lennon, Jr., Brian, seven rounds to five. 115 113 in favor of Barios. Could you see 75 in either direction? I think so. &gt;&gt; I have the same scorecard as does our unofficial scorer, Larry Hazard. But the ones that count are in the hands of the always classy Jimmy Lennon Jr. &gt;&gt; Ladies and gentlemen, after 12 rounds of action, we go to the scorecards. Judge at the ringside, Max Duca, scores the bout 115 to 113 in favor of Mario Barios. [Applause] Judges at ringside, Steve Weissfeld and Tim Cheetum both score the vote 114 to 114. The decision is a majority draw. [Applause] And of course, in that case, the champion retains his title. &gt;&gt; Mario Barios won the 12th round on all three scorecards to retain his belt. But you hear the crowd's reaction to this fight. And look, you said 115, 113. And it was he swept all the last three rounds when Bob Santos told him and we did the math here and I said he needs the last three rounds for a draw. He did what he needed to do against a legend. All right, Jim Gray with Manny Pacquiao. &gt;&gt; All right, thank you very much Manny Pacquiao congratulating the corner of Barios. Manny, your thoughts on that decision? &gt;&gt; I thought I won the fight. I mean, uh, it's close fight. My opponent is very tough, but it's a wonderful fight. I mean, good. &gt;&gt; You're a 46y old man and you had stamina back like when you were 35. How did you manage to pull that off? Oh, just uh uh word heart, hard work, and then discipline, everything like that. And um you know, uh I have to uh keep my body shape as always. &gt;&gt; What more do you think you could have done so that it didn't come down to the hands of the judges? &gt;&gt; I'm sorry, Dad. &gt;&gt; What more do you think you could have done so that you wouldn't have had it come down to the hands of the judges? Oh, I'm uh I'm trying to uh uh find a way to uh finish the fight, but you know, my my my opponent is so tough and break uh he's not careless. He throw punch his combination and uh and with uh defense, so it's hard getting hard, but I just uh moving around and counter pants uh power pants. This is one of the great performances in the history of not only this sport but all of sports. What will you take from this as the disappointment of this draw and time passes? I think uh it's um you know it's inspiration to uh um you know like old boxers that you know when you have discipline and hard work uh you can still you can still fight and you know and um I'm so thankful to God because without God I'm not Manny Paka is not here. Um God is the the source of all the strength and uh good health that I have right now. &gt;&gt; What enabled you to be better tonight than you were four years ago? tonight. Um, I'm more experienced. I'm more uh uh tactical uh fighter than compared before. I'm more careless than when I was young. So now I'm more uh careful and uh I need to uh although this is my first comeback, but I need more more aggressive uh style and more punches, throwing punches like yes one because uh uh that's my style. &gt;&gt; What will you do now? Will you fight again? &gt;&gt; Um, I think so. I think so. God willing. God willing. I know. I know. The fan is waiting there. I have I have I only have a uh two months uh uh training. Uh what I need to do is like uh continue my training like uh in a in a championship fight like this. Uh I should train like four months, 3 months in a half so that the fight would be good. But because of uh you know uh election in in in the Philippines, I I I start late for my training. But it's okay. You know, I love the Filipino people and I love to give honor to my country. &gt;&gt; So you'd like to continue your career. Would you like a rematch? &gt;&gt; Yes, of course. Of course. That's the only legacy that I can uh leave behind, you know, to give inspiration to the Filipino people and to be proud wherever you are. &gt;&gt; Manny, congratulations. This was an awesome performance. Appreciate it. You appreciate it. Thank you, &gt;&gt; Mario. A draw. Your feelings on the draw. I thought I still pulled it out. U but you know, I still my hat to Manny. It was an absolute honor, you know, to share the ring with him, to share the ring with somebody, you know, with so much experience who has accomplished so much in this sport. Man, shout out to all the Mexican fans here. Shout out to all the Filipinos, you know, for supporting this event. It's just huge, you know. So, I uh by far, you know, the biggest event I've had to date and uh you know, we took him in here. We we left we left everything in the ring and uh you know, like I said, I tip my hat to Manny. There's nothing but love and respect. &gt;&gt; How would you assess his stamina for a 46 year old man? Were you surprised by it? &gt;&gt; Oh, absolutely. No, it's crazy. You know, his stamina, uh he could he could still crack, you know, he's still strong as hell and uh you know, his timing, his rhythm, everything. Uh he he was still a very awkward fighter, you know, to to uh try to figure out. &gt;&gt; Did you feel you were falling behind round seven, 8, nine? Uh like it was getting away from you? &gt;&gt; Not necessarily that it was getting away from me. I just knew, you know, I had to try to step it up to really, you know, to to solidify a win. &gt;&gt; You won the last three rounds on all the scorecards uh to enable this draw and to win on one one of the judges cards. Um, how cognizant of that fact were you? &gt;&gt; Uh, very, you know, I was going to the corner. Uh, Rich and Bob were telling me, you know, pick it up, you know, start sorry start you really, you know, pressing him. Uh, that was that, you know, the plan in the first place coming in here. You know, try to make him feel old, but man, he still has some still has some good legs. Still has a lot in the tank. And like I said, man, he still has a lot of fight left in him. He'd like a rematch. Will you give him one? &gt;&gt; Absolutely. This was huge, you know, for for boxing. Uh, this is huge. you know what what what me and him were able to bring here today. I I would love to do it again. Mario, thank you. &gt;&gt; Thank you. Appreciate it. &gt;&gt; All right, let's go back to ringside. Bernardo, &gt;&gt; thank you, Jim. And this was the second fight where Mario Barios won round 12 to salvage a draw and keep his belt. And what a great night of action it was in Las Vegas. 46-year-old Manny Pacquiao defied the odds, but not enough. And tonight we come away with a feeling that Manny Pacquiao still has something left in the tank.