Kind: captions Language: en All new customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly. Just download the DraftKing Sportsbook app and use. Okay, gentlemen. Everything on the orange up is going to be good. Bottom of the white letters up is good. You got my instructions in the back. Gentlemen, protect yourselves at all times. Listen to my commands. Touch them up. Back to &gt;&gt; Mario told me this is the biggest fight of my career. This is the grandest stage and early on we will know if we get V didn't know that Pacquiao needs to have this kind of quick start split the guard during that sequence. That left hand speed is still there but there's a right hand of Mario trying to establish somewhere and it almost seems like he wants Packer to get some sense of confidence for him to come in and do something like that. open up and they land a quick sharp uppercut. Getting more confident and that means that Manny Pacquiao will start to open up and get caught by shots like that. Right. &gt;&gt; And he went for the second one. And here it is again getting desperate. Manny Pacquiao lunging in. &gt;&gt; That's why he looks so, let's just say, old against Ugas. And that was a much younger version of Pacquiao. Nice body shot there with the left from Manny Pacquiao to the solar plexes of money. Oh, nice jab from Bars. That was stiff and right in the face of Manny Pacquiao. &gt;&gt; He's still, you know, his legs are still lively right there. So, that's a that's a good combination he threw there. It's going to impress the judges. It just impressed me. There's two of them borrowing Pacquiao at this age after this layoff. Almost fighting on even terms here with Mario. Oh, what a nice from Barios. The answer from Manny Pacquiao if they said to Matty Pacquiao, you got to what it takes to do various. Well, guess what? He's proven it tonight. You do wonder though, is there a little fool's gold in there? That was a combination of punches of flurry. One, two, one, two. Boom. Four. One, two. And he's going straight back. Mario Varios, but he he really close fight. Really close rounds. Manny Pacquiao doing exactly what &gt;&gt; there. That's the best combination we've seen from Mario Varios as Pacquiao touches his gloves. [Applause] &gt;&gt; And that is there all the time. Every time that Manny Pacquiao takes that first step in, he's got his guard open. Barios has got to take the advantage and let those hands go &gt;&gt; like that. He spits the guard with the jab. And now what do you do behind it? A left hook. A triple left hook from Mario Barios. The first Hall of Famer to come back and do it. Or will Mario Barios send everybody home sad? [Applause] No one has defied the odd more than Manny Pacquiao. Is a majority draw [Applause] &gt;&gt; and of course in that case the champion retains his title.