Kind: captions Language: en First, the challenger on my right, fighting out of the red corner, wearing multicolor trunks, hailing from Los Angeles, California. He weighed in at a ready 125 lbs. His record stands at 32 wins, one loss, and one draw with 18 wins coming by way of knockout. He is currently ranked the WBA number two contender tonight in his 13th World Title appearance. Here is the challenger and the former threeweight division champion of the world. Introducing Leo EDO Santa Cruz and his opponent across the ring, the defending world champion fighting out of the blue corner wearing white trunks with gray and purple trim. fighting out of and proudly representing Belfast, Northern Ireland. He weighed in the same as his opponent, 125 lbs. He is undefeated in his campaign in the ring with a record of 23 wins, no losses, 14 wins coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the popular twoeight division world champion, the undefeated Irish superstar and the current WBA featherweight champion of the world KNOWN AS THE JACKAL. Introducing Carl Frampton. &gt;&gt; Good luck. Touch them up. Rematches. Styles. And &gt;&gt; this is why we get rematches. We have an amazing match up. July 30th, THEIR FIRST FIGHT. WHAT WILL THE REMATCH bring to craft Santa Cruz tonight once again and we are underway city will be in a right hand that connected over the top as Leo Santa Cruz lands the first significant power punch of the fight. Back comes Frampton. He's trying to back up Santa Cruz and Santa Cruz throws a combination. He gets out to the hook. and staggers rect momentarily now he's able to back himself up and he calls up the retaliator they both connected the knack has the jab open to one a fight has erupted in round Observe the jab by Leo Santa Cruz. He has his guard up. Frampton throws a jab and he gets blasted with the jab. Snap the head back again moving forward but blocks anything. A couple of holes. Leo got blasted with the left hook. &gt;&gt; Here we see Carl Frampton. He throws &gt;&gt; and it was the left hook upstairs for Leo. But then Frampton countered with the left hook upstairs. Instead of sort of holding up and now Frampton is closing the distance. You got to do that comes back upstairs. And now they are mixing it up as they did in the first and earlier in this one. Look at this. Combinations by Leo. Combinations by Carl Bton. It was a slick off the hook. Leo thought it was a knockdown, but it was a slip and feet got tangled up. And now that will end round four. Take a look at the mystery between the 29year-old fighter of the year. Santa Cruz backs upon with a couple of jabs. This is one of the finest forms of athletic shots that you'll find in sports. Neil gets caught with a sharp sharp left from scores and the blessing straight line and now pick it up. A right hand down the middle right but at the end of the fifth throw away everything in the kitchen. I thought it was that right hand that landed, but just got out of the way. Rams. &gt;&gt; Beautiful body work by Leo Santa Cruz. Santa Cruz again doesn't like that too much. on the inside but he misses with the hook and he answers with the sharp right and now watch out goes toe toe throwing a variety of punches they look at the craftsmanship here by Leo Santa Cruz Theo see the opening and boom. Oh, is going to feel that tomorrow morning along the right side of his body and got a lot of torque and leverage behind those power punches. the more success he had. He was trying left himself open, but he was throwing his own very close distance and Leo decided to go to the body and hammer him home. Almost just above the line. Nice right hand backing up Paul Frampton. Frampton moves forward and he gets two with a left by Leo. And now Leo using his throwing those right hands enough combinations has been active in the last minute. Look at some of the work by Leo Santa Cruz. Left hook to the body. Bmpton through a left hook to answer and Leo through the jab and then clean right up the right with a straight right hand over hand and connected up. Left himself open and Neil connected with the hook now and missed with a hook of his own. Under 10 seconds left &gt;&gt; and now Leo is unloading on he THAT ENDS ROUND 90 AND BP looks visibly upset and frustrated fundamentals using his jab doubling up on that jab. Will throw and he gets caught with the jab by Leo. &gt;&gt; Another one. Leo initiating it. was he slipped a punch to Santa Cruz and use his jab. And there we see the overhand right when you use the jab and you fluster your opponents, other punches can come on top of that. And that's exactly what has been transpiring here in this fight in this second fight as Leo has been using the jab to kind of pester Carl Frampton. And it's that right hand that is coming over the top that is finding its destination and really connecting. And Franklin isn't throwing enough to warrant rounds that could be processed. He's got to take the title from the champion, but now he loads his hands and he catches Leo with that hook. Not leaving down Santa Cruz, but he gets attitude with four, five punches and he uppercut there. It was so bad I even missed it. That is the hand that Leo is throwing like the Tasmanian devil just is non-stop motion. If you're Carl Shrap, you have to wonder and he blasted him in front and now waiting to see and then he went upstairs. Bmpton is fishing and Santa Cruz is catching him when he lunges in. It seems tonight like Santa Cruz is fighting in a higher gear and his speed is about 10 miles more than Carlton. Brandon has to unload everything. This title is up for grabs and they are going to train and go toe-to-toe &gt;&gt; as we conclude this rematch here in Las Vegas. Two of the world's best in the primes of their career. IT DOESN'T GET any better than this. Let's look at some of this unbelievable nonstop high octane action. Bmpton throwing everything he can. Leo slipping, dodging, weaving, throwing an uppercut on the inside to the body upstairs. Nothing is safe when Leo Santa Cruz is swarming you and trying to back you off of him. And again, Bmpton moving forward. It was like he was like almost a step behind Santa Cruz and inches he was passing by. &gt;&gt; Love and Leo hit him with an unorthodox left hook and then he came with like a submarine uppercut. Look at that. That's almost Matrix style of what we're watching. Ladies and gentlemen, after 12 rounds of action here at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas, we go to the scorecards. Judge at ringside, Bert Clemens, scores the bout 114 to 114. Even a draw. &gt;&gt; Overruled by judges Dave Moretti and Glenn Feldman. They both score the ballot 115 to 113 in favor of the winner by majority decision. He is now the winner of the WBC Diamond Belt and he is the new WBA featherweight champion of the world, Leo Edu. The fans here, the Mexican boxing fans who are supporting Theo Santa Cruz, they are in a state of ecstasy as Theo Santa. There you see Tom Brown is promoted from TGB Promotions. The new WBA featherweight champion of the world avenging the defeat. It is Leo and Mamoso Timoto, Santa Cruz.