Kind: captions Language: en Okay, we went over the instructions in the dressing room. Any punches that land here on the waistband are good. Any punches that land here are good. Obey my commands and give me a good clean fight. Touch him up, scoop back. Keipo Gallegos fighting for the fourth time in his hometown of Las Vegas, where he is 3 and 0 with one knockout, taking on Julian gifted Gonzalez, 16-1-1. It's well for Gonzalez, the native of Reading, Pennsylvania, which by the way, adopted hometown, a former welterweight titleist Kermit Cintron. Kevin Newman II, that's our feature attraction coming up later. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean that one should be a real good one as a Nice right hand there by Gallegos. And that's see The jab, it builds rhythm, it breaks rhythm, it is your go-to punch. Benny, we talked for southpaws. There it is. Right on cue, right in the chin of Gallegos. Down he went right when he was having a really good momentum going. Good round for him. &gt;&gt; landscape could change everything. And Gallegos, he's really struggling. He's kind of getting his legs back a little bit, but here comes Gonzalez coming in. Oh, mixing it up. Oh, he got caught. Gonzalez needs to be careful he doesn't punch himself out. Definitely right now with these counters. &gt;&gt; No, and his left hand's upstairs now by Gallegos trying to get in beautiful right hand, another right left. And now Gallegos finding the fluidity again. BEGINNING TO FIND THE RHYTHM. AND HERE COMES AND here's a perfectly timed left hand, but then he goes back to the body with that same left hand. And then he finishes to the body as well with the right hook. When he stays composed, he can be both precise and punishing. And yet in this fight, he needs to find a way to get into him because he's being out fought right now by Keipo Gallegos. But I again, I'm more impressed by a young fighter that got up from &gt;&gt; that counter right again by Gonzalez. Yeah, and that's Got up from the canvas and you know, he came back and then he Save for the knockdown in round three, Keipo Gallegos has been putting together a pretty effective performance. Good counter left by Gallegos, though. Head movement. Oh, so this is the first time that Gallegos has seen the eighth round of which we mentioned in the fight. Gallegos looking to put the KO in Keipo for the 10th time. Yeah, it is. But yeah, just like &gt;&gt; fighting at the MGM. And he's bringing the crowd out early. Hits the mat, gets back up, and is putting on a great performance. We'll see Oh, another counter left hand lands right on the button for Gallegos. He should keep doing what he's been doing. Don't try and just survive this round. Keep, you know, [cheering] pressing the pace and make him uncomfortable. Keipo Gallegos showing why he's A HIGHLY TOUTED PROSPECT who may be ready for the next level here in his hometown of Las Vegas. &gt;&gt; [bell] &gt;&gt; Judges in agreement for your winner by unanimous decision, KEIPO GALLEGOS! SO, THE Las Vegas prospect