Kind: captions Language: en Okay, gentlemen. You both have been given the instructions. Obey my command at all times. Protect yourself at all times. Anything from here or nothing is good. From here on up is good. Touch gloves. Meanwhile, Goche enters this fight with a renewed commitment to becoming a finisher. Round number one scheduled for 10. defensive ability of Goche. Yeah, if there was ever a fighter to prove yourself against, it would be a fighter like Goche. Man, Hernandez putting it on Goche. Just pawing and definitely not throwing more punches as advertised, but it's hard to do when this offensive onslaught is coming your way. NICE PULLBACK COUNTER AND NOW HERNANDEZ GOING TO THE BODY AND UPSTAIRS. HERNANDEZ LOOKING TO CLOSE THE SHOW. HERNANDEZ just not letting Goche breathe. No, definitely not. And even that jab is so powerful from Hernandez, pushing Goche back, able to catch him opening up. And at 37 for Terrell Goche, this could very well be the last opportunity to assert himself in the middleweight division again, taking on the likes of Carlos Adames and Well, one thing Adames said at the press Wow. Well, he's contending with a very difficult task in front of him. I knew you were going to say that. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Definitely not making his case, right? I mean, he's just strafing his body, guys. Yeah. The devil is in the details. And look at the details of the total punches through three rounds. It's a whitewash for Yoenli Hernandez. And boy, the combinations, the beautiful execution of technique. And it's it's a suffocating attack by Hernandez. But here comes Goche opening up. He's forced to open up, BUT BE CAREFUL. HERNANDEZ NOW UNLOADING WITH THE UPPERCUT, THE LEFT HAND. REFEREE WATCHING. GOCHE TRYING TO DEFEND, BUT IN TROUBLE. NOW THE VETERAN BUT WE'RE LOOKING AT A MIDDLEWEIGHT in Yoenli Hernandez. His footwork, his athleticism, his explosiveness. And then And then you have that length on top of it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Easier said than done. I know Goche wants to open up, but as soon as he does, he gets caught. What adjustments can the veteran make? There's no footwork. There's no lateral movement. Yeah, but the jab throwing more, but you said it right. Every time he throws or opens up, it gives an opportunity for Hernandez to land. And he's such He's a lot more faster than Goche that And just putting Goche in a spot where the only offense he's going to have is throwing with Hernandez, and that is a dangerous proposition. Man, Hernandez is just toying with Goche right now. Man, heavy right hand in the That's it, brother. Oh, wow. Whoa. Same referee, guys. Alan Huggins earlier tonight stopped the fight [cheering] on the prelims. &gt;&gt; What are we doing here? Yeah, that's the second time tonight Alan Huggins did that. Let's see what he saw. This is not Hernandez's fault. He's doing what he's supposed to do, which is put on pressure, split the guard with big punches, but &gt;&gt; Wow. Our referee stops the contest. He is the winner by way of technical knockout. He is still undefeated. And now the NABO and WBA Continental Latin American champion, Yoenli El Diablo Hernandez.