Kind: captions Language: en Okay, guys. We were taking your instructions earlier. As a reminder, obey my commands at all times, protect yourself at all times, touch him up. Good luck. I don't want to kick a guy when he's down. This was supposed to be 168 lbs, but a week ago they changed it to 172 lbs. Was that Garcia's decision? Come my eyes at the fact that that jab is not like Mo said, does not have a lot of power. So, why not go in that jab, you know, if you're Garcia? He's not doing anything. Just walk right in front of it. Garcia in the corner. &gt;&gt; And get inside. Yeah, get inside that distance. When you say he's not doing anything [music] in round two, Newman was 13 of 49. Staying busy. Newman's got to &gt;&gt; There's some other um flopping right hands by Garcia, but not firing any punches. No, it's just that Newman went back to that jab. &gt;&gt; another right hand. Two good right hands by Newman's. Oh, the left hook lands for Newman. Newman now. Newman putting together great punches here. And Garcia now putting together another good round here as he's really starting to work on Newman. Newman trying to fight back with the right. Fabulous jab. As a left-hander, that left hand was money for Garcia. Beautifully, I don't know how That win over Terrell Gausha that was disputed. Garcia going down for the first time in his career in round one. And Newman putting it together on Garcia. And as well, there it is. The right hand a jab as well, keeping that distance. Left the right hand as a hook. Right hand as an uppercut. Wow. What his coach and what he told us in the fighter meeting was all about the jab. And well, it has really worked for Garcia in this fight. Coming in, he had never landed more than 12 jabs in any round. So, this is where I want to see the old Newman and just stay shoulder to shoulder with him, man. Don't allow him to have that little bit of space to get that counter right or that uppercut. Uppercut. And you hear Roy Jones Jr. yelling, "Keep it up." Yeah, very interesting. Now, there's Elijah working his way forward again as [laughter] Newman starts to be flat-footed. As Newman tries to close the distance. And Newman lands a right and puts together another fast combination. I like how he set that jab and then boom with the right. It's a big round for Newman. Garcia also has a very good poker face. Yeah. I mean, he can take a punch. That's That's a fact. Yeah, you have to if you're if you like that style, right? If you fight the way Garcia fights. Garcia puts the pressure on Newman. I mean, again, I might be wrong. It's Newman. I think Garcia's winning this fight. But then again, I like the motivation from Garcia's team. But man, look at that. &gt;&gt; you wonder about those eye-catching shots. Evidenced by that split decision in the Gausha one, you know. But there's a lot of &gt;&gt; a shot again. Newman standing his ground and landing those right hands. But Garcia now coming back with a jab and a left. Well, they're trying to finish the show. Garcia and Newman go the 10-round distance. Great fight. Beautiful fight. &gt;&gt; if we'd seen a little bit more of that &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; through the rest of the fight? Hey, but that's the way you close the show. &gt;&gt; Yep. Both in agreement for your winner by majority decision, Kevin "The Second Coming" &gt;&gt; [screaming] &gt;&gt; Newman.