Kind: captions Language: en actually sparred with her son. An extremely close family, his younger brother is a cruiserweight undefeated, his sister a track and field star. And Acusso who is looking to break out. He was an Olympian in the Tokyo Olympics. Had some issues outside of the ring. He's refocused on his boxing career, reunited with his first promoter No Limit, and now he's here as part of PBC on Prime Video coverage. Light heavyweight scheduled for 10 rounds. And you can see very much the same weight. But Holm will take a try to take advantage of that length. You received your instructions in the dressing rooms. Remember, obey my instructions at all times, protect yourselves at all times. Touch them up. Box. Round one. That's all right, it's a slip. It's already a slip. Stop. You all right? Yeah, it's over. You all right? And uh seems like he's hobbling. Let's see if he recovers out of it. Oh jeez, he's got to avoid that. I like that move. At least he was able to catch himself on his plant foot, which is the back foot on that spin. So it seems like he's back, he's shaking it out. He's trying to shake out the leg. He can punch, Kittipong. That is one thing we know about him. He's knockout record well, if this continues on to the point where he can. But Kittipong comes forward. He tries to throw with some power, and then he just switches the legs out. Yeah, I like the And there he goes. Off the off the pivot, nice move there by Acusso. But Acusso, I know he was keen to put on a show here today, but one thing that he can take [music] heart from after Gee, I don't know for how long. And that's the thing, Acusso has such quick feet, he changes the angle so quickly, it's going to be more difficult for him. Oh dear. Keep left hands from Acusso, and he has a man just stuck there in front of him right now. Kittipong wants to engage, but the problem is Acusso changes the angle so quickly, and Kittipong can't catch himself changing the angle that fast. Oh. Down and hard, and he clutches the knee, and it's time for him to go. AND IT IS A FIRST ROUND knockout victory the angle quickly, and Kittipong can cannot keep up there. And here's the final the end. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; It was just That's it. And you know what that what that is, too? The left hand lands for Acusso, it forces all the weight back on Kittipong's back leg like that. &gt;&gt; Acusso becomes the new IBF Pan Pacific LIGHT HEAVYWEIGHT CHAMPION, &gt;&gt; [screaming] &gt;&gt; PAULO "Sweet Pea" &gt;&gt; [screaming] &gt;&gt; Acusso.