Kind: captions Language: en Foster the bigger man with the longer reach and he IS ANGRY. HE IS PISSED OFF BRIAN CAMPBELL. He doesn't like being the B side as the defending champion. He's had issues with it. Fulton has called him a victim with a victim mentality. No love lost between these two and you wonder if that's going to fuel some action back and forth after some feel out rounds. Well fans from the Frost Bank Center here in San Antonio, Texas, Premier Boxing Champions presents the co-main event of the evening brought to you by TGB Promotions in association with Top Rank Incorporated. Sponsored by Thomas J. Henry, Built to Win and by DraftKings Sportsbook, The Crown is yours. Sanctioned by the WBC the president Mauricio Sulaiman, these are our appointed judges. First from New Mexico, Esther Lopez. From West Virginia, Doug Robinson and from New Mexico, Chris Teyaeh. Introducing our referee in charge, our third man in the ring, John Shurley. All right fans, here we go. 12 rounds of boxing for the interim WBC lightweight world title. Introducing to you first on my right, fighting out of the red corner, wearing black trunks with red and white trim, FIGHTING OUT OF HOUSTON by way of Orange Texas. He weighed in at a ready 130 lbs with a record of 23 wins and three losses. He has 12 wins coming by way of knockout. Tonight, in his sixth consecutive world title appearance, please welcome THE CURRENT WBC SUPER FEATHERWEIGHT CHAMPION OF THE WORLD KNOWN AS ICE Water O'Shaquie Foster. And his opponent across the ring, ready to fight out of the blue corner, wearing tan trunks, fighting out of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He weighed in at 132 lbs with a record of 23 wins and one defeat. He has eight wins coming by way of knockout. Please welcome the two-division world champion and the current WBC featherweight champion of the world known as Cool Boy Steph STEPHEN FULTON. ONCE AGAIN, OUR REFEREE IN charge now to give instructions is John Shurley. Go Foster. Okay guys, both of those trunks are good. For the WBC title, give me a good clean fight. Obey my commands and protect yourselves at all times. Touch gloves, good luck. O'Shaquie Foster, two-time super featherweight champion, again was scheduled to defend that title tonight but the scale failed by Fulton means it's now a 135 lb and I will not at all address the sanctioning body shenanigans. This is just a 12-round fight at 135 lbs. Enough belts in this business. They hand them out like Costco samples. Round number one. Don't judge me. &gt;&gt; laugh out loud, Abner. You can laugh, brother. But this is no laughing matter and Foster wants to make Fulton pay. But Fulton, you know what? Everything aside from missing weight, he's still the modern American stylist. He's slick. He's smart. He's adaptable. We've seen him utilize all of the nuances of boxing and that's what makes this such a fascinating match-up when you throw out all the BS leading up to it. &gt;&gt; not forget where Stephen Fulton Jr. was entering his rematch earlier this year against Brandon Figueroa for that featherweight title. He was counted out by many people coming off of how destructive that loss to Inoue was. &gt;&gt; Well, and how he looked against Castro. Indeed and he he proved at 126 that he's legit and here he is moving up, unfortunately for him, two weight classes in the end tonight but we'll see what Fulton has to offer here tonight at 135. Foster wants to use his reach to own the distance, stick jab, land straight shots and those slick pivots into the switch stance counters that keep Fulton guessing. We're going to see him faint, draw reactions and pick the cleaner shots from the outside. And you know what? With his cardio and accuracy, the plan is simple. Bank early rounds, stay disciplined and outwork Fulton before the fight ever gets close. &gt;&gt; And as you're saying that, Mauro, Foster is doing just that. The jab keeping Fulton guessing. Little faints here and there. Fast jab changing the timing of the jab as well is key for this fight for Foster. Fulton says the Inoue loss changed him. He says he saw who turned their backs and it reshaped his mentality and taught him patience in life and in the ring. He knows opinions are split on this fight but he's clear, none of that matters once the bell rings. He says what matters is the patience, composure and lessons he's bringing with him and Philly is being represented in his corner by none other than Danny Garcia. &gt;&gt; And Jaron Ennis as well. Yes and Bozy Ennis is his trainer. So Philadelphia is loud and proud here tonight but O'Shaquie Foster, home is Orange, Texas. Well look, with Foster coming off a trio of split decisions including that very controversial loss to Robson Conceicao, it really is up to him to pick up the pace. &gt;&gt; left hand by Fulton. And really take command to leave no doubt in this fight. Nothing rhymes with Orange but Orange, Texas, population 19,000 on the Louisiana border, 113 miles east of Houston. It lies on the Gulf of Mexico. That was a beautiful right hand from Foster but before that, Fulton went in with the looping jab and overhead right. &gt;&gt; muted start to the fight. Single digit connects but we we thought we'd see this. I mean, two highly skilled technicians will take their time to collect data, see what the other gives them and then things will warm up. And you don't want to fight with emotion. You don't want to fight with anger despite how pissed off Foster was by the turn of events leading up to this fight. Trainer Bobby Benton issuing instructions to O'Shaquie Ice Water Foster. There is Jaron Ennis in attendance supporting Cool Boy Steph Stephen Fulton who is trained by Jaron's father, Bozy Ennis. Round number two. Overhead right just misses for Fulton. Fast hands. Sharp jab by Fulton. But yet, it's Foster WITH A FREAKISHLY LONG 72-IN wingspan for what is normally his 130-lb weight class. He has to maximize that. &gt;&gt; Yeah, there's a good right cross from distance from Foster. He's definitely coming out more aggressive this fight, looking to be more offensive and not waiting till the second half. I like those faints right there from Foster and the reason why the right hand hasn't landed from Fulton is obviously the reach, the height, the way that Foster is keeping that reach at that at that distance right now. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Crowd reacting to something that's happening in the crowd but we'll focus our attention on this fight. I was hoping they'd be as as excited for this fight [laughter] but The action is picking up a bit here this round. Interesting that Fulton's going &gt;&gt; Maybe Wemby's shown up. Maybe it's Victor Wembanyama making an appearance. I think it may have been crowd fisticuffs, okay? &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; You know the crowd can pop for that. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Good action here. I was mentioning that Fulton's doing a lot of circling away this round yet he told us him and Bozy have worked on being the dog, being first and last with the combinations and making Foster fight him. Yeah, he can't. I don't think he can in this fight. He's going to open up. He's going to open up. &gt;&gt; Fulton at the end of his jab. You know, Foster says last year was rough and people started acting like he didn't deserve his spot but he insists he's made the right changes. This version of him will be sharper than ever. He says he's disrespected and he says he plans on making everyone pay for doubting him. Especially Stephen Fulton. &gt;&gt; well, import most importantly for Foster, he was upset his peers in the division looked at him as a weak champion who didn't step on the gas when the opportunities were there. The other champions at 130, Eduardo Nunez, Emanuel Navarrete also a belt holder at 130 and now Foster, again, from distance doing a good job throwing the combinations. The jab lands. The right hand blocked by the high guard of Fulton. THERE'S A NICE JAB FROM FULTON. FOSTER'S taking command of the center of the ring and really dictating the terms here. Yeah, no clean punches yet from either side but definitely Foster taking control this round. Foster outlanding Fulton two to one in this round. Throwing two to double the punches as well. Yo, take a deep breath. Yo, deep breath. Double and triple your jab. Bozy Ennis giving instructions to Fulton known for his hand speed, but this guy has some of the fastest hands in boxing, Gary Russell Jr., long time CHAMPION WHO'S UH TAKING over after the the passing of his father, Gary Sr., and uh his brother, of course, uh doing his business at 140 lbs. Not to correct you, Mo, but it's Mr. Gary Russell. &gt;&gt; Oh, I apologize. Show some respect. Put some respect on that man's name. Round number three begins, and now the speed of Fulton on display comes up with a jab, pivoting. Sharp jabs. Oh, that see the longer range of Foster. Fulton's got to show us something this round, though. It's got to be where he makes the adjustments and starts to find his lane after a hot start for Foster. He's got to take that jab away from Foster, and the way you do that is doing that. The jab fast, change it up upstairs upstairs, downstairs. There you go. You got to keep pushing with &gt;&gt; got to find the range. See Foster hits him right with the jab, keeping him at the end of the punches. It's in the good range for Foster. Now, on the inside, this is where Fulton could do some work. Yeah, you got to you got to start disrupting that rhythm that Foster has. Jab, downstairs, upstairs, change it up, getting close. &gt;&gt; again for Foster. The left Oh, nice right hand splits the guard of Fulton. You see Fulton jabbing, but he's not at the distance. CAN'T CAN'T CLOSE THE GAP. MAN, Fulton was a unified belt holder at 122, current champion at 126, and you mentioned, Brian, now jumping up two weight classes and Well, the crazy thing is, the narrative before he missed weight was going for the three-division champion. He told us, "I'm moving up to 135 anyway." He had that opportunity to become the first Philadelphia fighter to become a three-division champion, which is saying something when you look back at the history of the city of brotherly love in the ring. &gt;&gt; No doubt about it. And what Fulton told us was he thought he was going to stamp his Hall of Fame resume by doing that. And then &gt;&gt; do that by missing weight. If anything, that's a strike against you going to the Hall of Fame, as far as I'm concerned. A MINUTE LEFT in the third round. Yeah, Foster making it really diff I'm sorry. Yeah, Foster making it really difficult for Fulton to get in. &gt;&gt; the the pace, the terms, and those punches are hitting the shoulder. This is side step, the shoulder roll here of Foster, so Fulton unable to land anything clean. It's overreaching. That jab all night. Good defense, pull counter there was open for Foster. Double and triple jab. That's what Fulton has to do. Foster beginning to gain confidence, really in control of this fight thus far. &gt;&gt; He looks absolutely fantastic to start. Like we mentioned, controlling that center of the ring, working behind the jab. It's really going to put the pressure on Fulton to land something big to change this momentum. This is round number four. Again, still scheduled for 12 rounds at 135. Well, Foster opening up this round southpaw. We saw Fulton switch briefly last round, but it's interesting strategic change here from the champion. I mentioned it at the start of the fight, switching stances, switching tactics, looking to solve each other in real time. Let's see if it works for him because he ate a right hand earlier. Sharp jab from Foster. He's now southpaw. So, both of them will switch stances. And Fulton unable to close the distance. Foster's timing is impeccable right now. &gt;&gt; And you do have to wonder now, two divisions north of his last fight, does Fulton have the power to change the terms of this? He's not known for his power, just eight knockouts. Foster, 12 of his 23 wins have come So, neither are known for their one-shot power, but But they can't hurt you. They can hurt you. &gt;&gt; hurt you, but uh maybe just too much for Fulton, and you have to And again, he's a professional. I don't want to overly criticize him that much, but he you know, he needed to be on weight, wasn't, and now you wonder. And that's why I ask you, you know, the mental aspect of this game. That was a good setup last time out for Fulton when he had Foster against the ropes, fainted to open up room for that right hand. &gt;&gt; Yeah, everything's working for Foster right now. The timing's there, the speed, the movement. I mean, he has Fulton where he wants him. He has him at bay. Yeah, right at the end of his punches, right at the end of the jab. There's the right hand. He's right in range where he needs to be to land. And Fulton is unable to close the gap. Trying, but that stick is keeping him at bay. There was a check right hook by Foster and the pivot. Final minute of the fourth. My goodness, Fulton just three of 25 in this round. Foster, seven of 40. So, neither high percentages in terms of connects, but the jab of Foster's been the predominant weapon. And here from the southpaw stance, he's getting off with the left cross. He's giving Fulton different looks. And this is not the Foster of recent fights who could circle away a lot, be more of a pot shotter. This is the fighter who's taking control of what he called the biggest name to step in the ring across from him in the form of Fulton. Yeah, Foster knew exactly what he had in front of him. He's He studied Fulton really well. You can tell he did his homework, and and he's He's fighting beautifully right now. Left hand lands for Foster. Fulton on the back foot, high guard, unable to pull the trigger. It's all O'Shaquie Foster. And speaking of the Russell family, who I love that sweater. Whoop-D indeed for Gary Antoine Russell, 140-lb belt holder. He'll be watching with vested interest the main event tonight between Cruz and Roach. &gt;&gt; That performance last time out that Gary Antoine gave against El Rio Valenzuela. Beautiful. That's a determined man right there. And that's what you want to see right now from Fulton. &gt;&gt; who beat Cruz for the title. Yeah, that's what you want to see from Fulton, determination. You got to go in there, let your hands go there. You got him against the ropes. Start working a little bit more. &gt;&gt; landing. Foster's landing off the ropes. &gt;&gt; Yeah, but you got to keep trying. Got to keep trying, but can't keep doing the same thing. Got to change, make adjustments, especially in this fight. Well, Foster's definitely not making it easy for him. Yes, YOU'VE GOT TO FIND YOUR RANGE. EXACTLY. That's the Fulton corner saying what I've been saying all fight long. Foster looks so comfortable here at the southpaw position. &gt;&gt; Oh, and he tags him again. Yeah, this is a very comfortable, composed, and highly effective O'Shaquie Foster. And that's the best. Like everything you worked on in the gym is is working. It's coming to play, and it you got to be satisfied if you're Foster. And look, we talk about not fighting emotionally, and I'm not saying Foster's doing that, but you wonder if all of the beef between them, the missing weight, HAS AT LEAST FUELED HIM, PUT SOME MORE PUSH BEHIND HIM, and he's showing that confidence tonight. Great point. And man, that jab knocking Fulton off balance. Fulton's only loss against pound-for-pound staple Naoya "The Monster" Inoue. But again, struggled against Carlos Castro, but comes off a amazing performance in the rematch against Brandon Figueroa where he completely outclassed him WITH HIS SWEET SCIENCE. But this is a completely different fight. &gt;&gt; And he made so many adjustments that fight, and we're seeing He needs to start making them here. &gt;&gt; There it is. Yeah. And this is a fight that if Fulton loses, of course, you you got to start thinking about moving back down. He's still champion at 126 this fight. &gt;&gt; where he's But can he make it? That's the question. If he couldn't make 130, I wonder. Yeah, the thing is that you're going to come across taller people, taller fighters, bigger guys. &gt;&gt; all love pumpkin pie on Thanksgiving. Wonder if he didn't sleep slip an extra slice or two to miss weight. Just over 30 seconds left in the fifth, and O'Shaquie Foster dictating the terms of this 135-lb encounter. I hate to say it, but after the after the press conference this week, Fulton did tell media members he had two desserts after Thanksgiving and was able to have two Thanksgiving meals in all. &gt;&gt; Shame on him. Tough comment to hear when you see what happened on the scales on Friday. Ice water, O'Shaquie Foster is cool as a cucumber. It's one-way traffic. O'Shaquie Foster barely goes to the body, AND OPPONENTS HAVE HAD SUCCESS THERE. and even though Fulton, well, he isn't a big body puncher himself, widening the target could be a smart adjustment in this match up. Up to this point, Foster's doing everything he said. He said he was going TO BE MORE ACTIVE. He said he WOULD TAKE THE FIGHT to Fulton. He said he would open up the eyes of the fans to show them who he really is. I'm wondering if Shakur's opening up the best version of himself we've seen today tonight. Yeah, and I think it's going to come to a point where Foster is going to be finding those moments where he might be able to push Fulton back. Those openings right there because Fulton, he's going to try to land those shots. He's going to open up. He's the smaller fighter. Yeah, there it is. &gt;&gt; knocked off balance again by Foster and Fulton just frustrated, unable to do anything right now against FOSTER. IT'S QUITE INCREDIBLE TO WATCH. Outside of those right hands to the body, you're right. &gt;&gt; the the stats. They're putrid for Fulton right now. How does he get inside to be able to have success against that reach? It's not working out well so far. And there's one of the one of the toughest ways to lose, getting outboxed, not being able able to land anything. &gt;&gt; Oh, sharp left hand lands for Foster on the face of Fulton. And Foster can do this all night long. We just saw Erislandy Lara, Joel Gonzalez, which wasn't entertaining to say the least, but for some reason this fight there's a tension. There there's an and it's not the same fight. Although Fulton is having about as much success as Gonzalez did against Lara. But Fulton just controlling the center of the ring, clean, effective punching, ring generalship, defense. It's all Ice Water and there Fulton TRIES TO LAND A PUNCH, BLOCKED BY THE GUARD, the wing block by Foster. Well, Foster said it himself to us this week in the fighter meetings. He said, "Fulton's biggest issue is he doesn't handle range well." He predicted that we'll see Fulton looking to hold for as this fight progresses, as the fatigue sets in of trying to figure Foster out. Under a minute left in here in the first half of this 12-round encounter. And yet have not seen a jab, a single jab from Fulton. He can't close the distance. He's He's got the shorter reach. Yeah, he's got the shorter reach, but he's got to try to take away that jab by pushing his jab down. Attempting something at least. There it is. We haven't seen Fulton successfully make any adjustments thus far and this fight is half over. Fulton in the corner, Foster unloading, Fulton pivoting. The first half of this fight belonging to O'Shaquie Ice Water Foster. Well, he's fought to three straight split decisions. The fight before that, the dramatic come-from-behind 12th-round knockout to keep his belt against Eduardo Hernandez. Now we're seeing how he fights with a lead for once. Pretty impressive. Very impressive. Foster's yet to return to that orthodox stance since making that adjustment three rounds ago. And he continues to pick off Fulton. Varying the jab. Yeah, he's &gt;&gt; That reach is something, man. It really is for his weight. Like just crazy reach. Yeah, he started off good, Fulton, double, triple jab, but again, the reach, the stance, he can't figure out this southpaw stance right now. He's walking to the opposite side. He's He's walking to the the strong hand, which is the left. I think Foster's got faster hands on top of his jab. A big part of his success tonight. But he's just not in reach to let him go. Look, these are two elite fighters, but this is on its way to not becoming, I think it is a masterclass of Foster. &gt;&gt; Masterclass. And it's And it's no big tricks. It's the fundamental stick, the jab. It does everything, leads to all roads in boxing and And Fulton's trying, but he's he's just he's hitting the arms, he's getting picked off the gloves. He's yet to land one punch of consequence and we're here in round seven. Couple body shots. Yeah. &gt;&gt; because it's all one-way traffic. It was a 50-50 pick-'em fight on paper. My goodness, it's anything but in actual reality. Now, this is where you have to give Foster so much credit. He's not fighting like the fighter he was getting criticized for being in his last three fights, which all were split decisions. He won two of them. He avenged that disputed loss. He's fighting like a like a frontrunner, a confident champion tonight. Really confident, really clean punches. Like I said, everything's landing, everything's working for him. And he want to continue to do that, but there will come a point where he's got to press on the gas. &gt;&gt; Right hook lands on Fulton. 30 seconds left in the seventh. Fulton doesn't look discouraged in terms of his body language. Guess how many punches Fulton has landed in this round. &gt;&gt; How many? &gt;&gt; One. Wow. Maybe he should look discouraged at this point. Yeah, I'm sure that mentally right now he is. Hasn't showed it yet, though, body-wise. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Grammy-nominated rapper Lil Bow Wow in the corner of Fulton. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Where's his partner in crime, Mace? He's probably here as well. Hey, Mom. Mama Ranallo watching in the mighty metropolis of Mount Lehman, British Columbia, Canada. We hope you're enjoying the action wherever you may be watching Larry Hazard's unofficial scorecard and yeah, one-way traffic for O'Shaquie Foster. Fulton's starting to have a bit of success with these quick counter right hands in close. Yeah, and the corner told him, "Hey, it's it's time to press the gas." &gt;&gt; Left hand lands for Foster. And And he's doing just that. &gt;&gt; Another left hand by Foster. Fulton starting to become a nervous wreck here. Swinging wildly, gets picked off again with that left hand. Not Heads not off center line. Now he ducks. But he's pulling back in a straight line and you don't You don't expect that for a guy with his credentials. Counter left again by Foster. Fulton's trying. It's just he's hitting air. Yeah. Like there. I mean, look at the stats, you guys. Yeah. Just getting outworked. &gt;&gt; Are you shocked? I O'Shaquie Foster's I'm absolutely shocked by this. Well, I can't say it enough. We're watching the full evolution of what the pro version here of O'Shaquie Foster can do as champion. He's fixed some of the things that have held him back. He's active. He's commanding the center of the ring. He's not running. Is it match-up dependent or are we watching a fighter really come into full bloom and maturity here? Raised by his grandmother. His mother passed away when he was 12. Father wasn't around. He felt compelled to stay strong for his five brothers and one sister and you KNOW THEY'RE ALL ENJOYING HIS PERFORMANCE here in his native state of Texas. Looking to put the star in Lone Star State. And this is the same city where he won his first world title against Rey Vargas. A former belt holder, yes. So, he's had success in San Antonio. Thus far for Stephen Fulton, it's been anything but a successful night. Yeah, well, he's been fighting air, Fulton. He hasn't landed. Can't get in. Can't stress enough Yeah. &gt;&gt; how dominant Foster is simply with the jab. Fulton Foster trying to knock Fulton down, little more aggressive. Fulton's corner's been warned twice already this fight for having too many people &gt;&gt; Yes. We're hearing too many voices, for sure. So, problems in the corner, problems in the fight for Stephen Fulton tonight. Round number nine. And they're telling him telling him all the right things. &gt;&gt; discrepancy in terms of total punches landed. This isn't an offensive onslaught by any means, but it's the Harlem Globetrotters against the Washington Generals there with the 121-11-38. Foster switching back to orthodox for the first time since round three. And look, it may have taken Foster a long time to really build his name as a pro, build consistency, and show us what he's really got. What he was a 2012 Olympic alternate, losing in the finals of the trials against future world champion JoJo Diaz Jr. &gt;&gt; And he avenged that loss to Olympic gold medalist Robson Conceição to begin his second reign, so started boxing at a young age, eight, made his pro debut at the age of 18. And now in his 27th professional fight, putting on one of his best performances. &gt;&gt; And I was going to say had some life hiccups in between. Oh, left hand hurts Fulton. The hiccups? Yeah, served time in prison in 2017, served 10 months for aggravated assault, but he said it was watching Terence Crawford's undisputed classic 140 against Julius Indongo THAT WOKE HIM UP TO realize he has the skills to be right there with the champions in the game. Fulton landed 47 punches against Innoue in eight incomplete rounds. Foster has held him to fewer than that tonight. Just over a minute left in the ninth. Now, he's already bleeding from his mouth, Fulton, and I know I'm going to sound repetitive right here, but and this is what the corners tell Fulton, and it's not It's easier said than done, but you got to throw punches. Back him up, throw punches, but that's exactly what you need to do. Try it. Look, I'm reading on the bio sheet that the reach advantage for Foster is only 1 and 1/2 inches. It looks like so much more. 1 and 1/2 miles. But at this point, Fulton has already beaten physically and mentally. &gt;&gt; looks it. Yeah. 30 seconds left in the ninth. I mean, it's just amazing how he's unable to close the distance, and as we said, he's he's not landing anything. 42 of 320 punches so far in this fight for Fulton compared to 125 of 407 for Foster. Incredible. Stop. When Gervonta Davis took the knee, it was a difference between the draw and a victory for Roach. He was supposed to face Davis in a rematch. Both Davis, or excuse me, Cruz and Roach have gone 12 round distance with Davis, both losing, but the main event still to come tonight. Here's round 10 of this 135 lb match up as Fulton becoming aggressive. Referee Shirley telling him not to hold, but Fulton's got to do whatever it takes. Oh, eats the one-two from Foster. Back to an orthodox stance. The silence says it all. It's incredible. What he's doing to a two-division champion. Weight class is for a reason. Weight class for a reason, levels for a reason, and Foster right now is just showing everything. And he's making it look so easy, too. Here we go. I I got you. I got you. I got you. Abner, do you think he's been more effective as a southpaw or the orthodox stance tonight? &gt;&gt; Yeah, both both I mean, both sides. Yeah, I mean, he's he's just a fighter that's been doing everything and everything he can in this fight. Showing different arsenals, different ways to fight Fulton, beating him, pushing him back, fighting backwards, counter punching. I mean, just everything. Midway through the 10th, Fulton landed a fight high eight punches in round three. Hasn't been over five landed in any other round. And the bad believe I just said that. I know, and the bad news for Fulton is that Foster fights better in the championship rounds. He has three 12th round knockdowns secured in his career up to this date. And just over a minute left before we head to the proverbial championship rounds. I don't want to call that in this fight cuz it's just a 135 lb fight. Saying vacant interim title makes me want to puke, so I won't. Although I guess I just said under a minute left in round 10. Vacant interim, can you believe it, dude? &gt;&gt; I've no idea what that means. It's like Joe Goossen said, it should be the vacant interim silver title or some nonsense. Just over 30 seconds left in the 10th, FULTON TRYING TO COME FORWARD, BUT AGAIN, unable to land cleanly. AND YOU JUST DON'T KNOW WHAT ELSE he can do. I mean, Abner, you're the professional three-division champion. What What can Fulton do to prepare to fight &gt;&gt; I don't know if there's anything he can do. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Yeah, there is something, but I mean, that's going to give Foster a lot more opportunities to hit. His left hand, which is try. And that right hand curled. Let the hands go. Oh, Foster's letting his hands go. And Foster threw 82 punches in this round, out landing Fulton 30 to eight. Still dominating this fight. Rest in peace, Nips. Two more rounds, fellas. All right. Round 11. Let's see if we see the urgency now from Fulton in these next two rounds. Leading with his head and gets warned for it. Total punches through 11, or make that 10 rounds, not 11. We're in round 11. But now counting. I mean, it's I don't know what more to say, Brian. It's a broken record at this point, but it's it's been a fantastic performance as Foster goes back to that southpaw stance. Yeah. And he's He's just doing whatever he wants out there. Never seemed to be hurt by any punches from Fulton, and was never bothered by any adjustments. Fulton There was no adjustment. &gt;&gt; was on the receiving end of 20 power punches landed in round 10 by Foster. Fulton has landed 28 in the fight, GUYS. MAMMA MIA. WOW. This is how you pay back the disrespect that Foster felt he had taken. Yeah, now you can walk him in. You can hit him with a hard kick. See blood coming from the nose now of Fulton. Why not, right? And this is going to be a hard fight for him to come back from, because not only you lost, you took a beating. You took a beating mentally, physically. It's It's a hard loss for Fulton. How can he try to close the distance? What adjustment? I mean, again, I know I'm not wanting to put you on the spot. I'm just trying to find something. I mean, I'm not even sure he has the stamina left to try to face He smothers his offense as soon as he gets inside. I mean, the answer is be the Philly fighter that sometimes we criticize him for not having big time power, for being You got to get inside. You got to make it a war. You got to tow the line of what's legal here. &gt;&gt; Boy, he could really use a Smoking Joe Frazier left hook right about now. Under a minute left in the 11th. O'Shaquie Foster. Oh, there was a punch landed, and now Fulton getting beaten up with that jab. The face beginning to show the vestiges of battle in the uh assault of O'Shaquie Foster. Walking him down. Under 30 seconds left in the 11th. There was a counter right, but blocked by Foster. &gt;&gt; Great defense by Foster, even in the pocket, even as he's walking Fulton down. Jab lands again from the southpaw stance of O'Shaquie Foster. Stop. Foster taking Fulton to school. And now final three minutes. Thank you. Are you saying he turned him into schoolboy, Steph? Amen. And it's been a painful lesson. Foster opening up. Counter, catch and shoot by Foster, and now Foster more aggressive, wanting to put a exclamation point on this fight, which has been one-way traffic. Cannot stress how dominant this fight this performance has been by Foster. &gt;&gt; This might be a star-making performance. It's not powerful against a truly talented and accomplished opponent. I got you. I got you. Break. Thank you. Yeah, talk about a perfect fight for Foster now trying to close the fight, and and and he's so accurate, so good. I mean, everything worked for him from round one to 12. Amazing. Double digits for Fulton in total punches through 12 rounds landed. I mean It has been unbelievable to witness O'Shaquie Foster shocking the Philly crew and Fulton lunging unable to do anything with a minute and a half left in the 12th and final round. Remember this fight was rescheduled twice. You have to really see how much that was built up the focus for Foster. The shape he's in, the output he's doing over 12 rounds here. This is masterful. Final 60 seconds. The crowd firmly behind O'Shaquie Foster. See Foster looking to line up that perfect counter shot. Just daring Fulton to overextend. Last round. Last round. It has been a master class, a star-making performance for O'Shaquie Foster who has comprehensively outboxed a former unified champion at 122, A CURRENT BELT HOLDER at 126. BOY, DID HE MAKE FULTON PAY for missing weight tonight? Incredible. O'Shaquie Foster &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Easy work. Good night. He didn't take no chances. He didn't take no chances. Easy work did Bobby Benton say right there. Virtuoso is almost the word I'm thinking of right now. Let's take a look back at the action that we saw. Beautiful counter right hand early on from Foster. This was from the right side. Now a quick switch to the left. We saw both stances from Foster, but we ultimately saw the same result. Fulton unable to reach him. Foster [music] commanding distance, but he didn't box and circle away. He took the fight to Fulton relying on that reach and size advantage against the smaller fighter who was coming up and eventually as we said missed weight. You want to see how masterful Foster was. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Numbers don't always tell the complete story. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; They do tonight. 41% of the power punches for O'Shaquie Foster. Known more as a slick boxer coming in, but he gave you a little of everything. Look at the jab advantage 90 to 25. What a performance. [music] Well, the decision should be academic, but let's get it anyway from Jimmy Lennon Jr. Ladies and gentlemen, after 12 rounds of action we go to the scorecards with a unanimous decision. Here are the score totals. Judge at ringside Chris Teyae scores the action 117 to 111. Judge Esther Lopez sees it 118 to 110 and Doug Robinson scores the bout 119 to 109. All three in favor of the winner. He is now the interim WBC lightweight title holder O'Shaquie O'SHAQUIE FOSTER. O'SHAQUIE Foster fostered the victory with an incredible performance against the a guy who's been a champion in two weight classes, still currently a champion at 126, but you wonder where Stephen Fulton goes after a loss like this.