Kind: captions Language: en Gentlemen, you guys received my instructions in the dressing room. Remember to obey my commands. Protect yourselves always. Only you touch gloves now, man. You're boxing at the bell. God bless you both. &gt;&gt; So, they're they're usually very careful at picking their spots. Keith Thurman has been down once in his career. Garcia has never been on the canvas, BUT THEY ARE THROWING WITH BAD INTENTIONS EARLY. Garcia has recorded four first round KOs all in his first seven fights, but boy, they are throwing thunderous blows. Thurman looking to faint, locking down Garcia. Garcia unloading with that lead left hook, one of his column cards, and he just stopped Thurman with that left hand. &gt;&gt; Oh, but there's a sweeping left hook by Thurman. Garcia backed up. Right hand by Thurman may have stunned Garcio after that hook. Man, right up by Thurman. We said the right hand might be the key for Keith Thurman. Here he lands an overhand right in round one. That stunned Danny Garcia and changed the tempo of that first round. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he wants to count him, especially if you try to exchange the left hook, which is his big punch. &gt;&gt; Right hand by Thurman. Again, Thurman though was countered there by the left from Garcia on the belt line as he has to be careful not to target the peninsula below the equator. So things settling down a bit here in the second stanza. But there's a nice right upper on the inside by Thorman and a left hand that lands FOR KEITH. ONE TIME Thorman overhand right and another right. Wow. without you know what we all do. &gt;&gt; Here's her Garcia doubled over on route to winning that fight. And now a lead right hand by Thurman. Even just using those rangefinder jabs has helped him in this fight and a left hook and a right hand by Garcia. &gt;&gt; Great body work by Garcia. &gt;&gt; There's a lean right hand by Thurman, but again Garcia doing a good job of absorbing it. Ray in the last round. This is what Danny Garcia wants. A lead left hook by Thurman and then he counters with a thutting left to the body and he thinks he can hurt Thurman with that. Trying to blind Garcia momentarily to follow up. There's a lead right uppercut. Nice one, two by Garcia targeting the chest and then going over the top with a right hand. Clean left hand, but what a counter by Thurman. Using the real estate of the ring, that lateral movement. &gt;&gt; Nice combination by Thurman in the final seconds. Now, those are all punches outside of a jab that lands. That could be body punches, anything. But what Garcia needs to do to stop that movement, he has cut the ring off. &gt;&gt; You got to step to the side. Step right. Beautiful. Good right hand. &gt;&gt; Yep. Good right hand landed by Thurman. Yeah, he has gotten back to it. Oh, the left hook to throw is good. We've come to the end of round five. Garcia with the flute as they would like. &gt;&gt; Oh, sweeping right hand grazing the chin of Keith Thurman by Danny Garcia. &gt;&gt; In terms of number of punches he's thrown, he's up by about eight now. See what happens. &gt;&gt; Good combination by Garcia. &gt;&gt; And nice head movement. Good defense on display. Two of the best at 147. &gt;&gt; Lead right block. Oh, that left hand was right on the belt. Close. &gt;&gt; There's a left hook that landed by Thurman as he avoided the attack by Garcia. Garcia though rolling as well. &gt;&gt; Danny Garcia straying low with this left hook to the body. It was close to the belt line, but then he just sat down on a couple occasions with some power punches. Defense by Garcia. Slipping those punches by Thurman. &gt;&gt; Thurman. It's still landing. It's raising. &gt;&gt; There's a right that landed for Garcia. You &gt;&gt; can take a look at some of the moments that were important in this fight. Keith Thurman landing some power punches early in this match. There they traded left hooks. Both men landed good shots. The straight right of Thurman when he has thrown it as a straight punch has been very, very effective. Garcia wants to go downstairs. There's an example of it with the both the left hook and the right hand. This really shows you some of the strategy that both men are using and what's important to them. That was a seldom used jab by Danny Garcia. He's not used that punch enough. &gt;&gt; That one bounced off the arm and Garcia swings widely. Wildly as we're down the stretch here in round nine and they are swinging from the fences. The uppercut by Keith Thurman. He's been trying to land that punch throughout this fight. That was a good one. Danny Garcia took it extremely well because Thurman was backing up a little bit when he threw it. Then later in the round, a right hand behind the head right at the end of the round. Danny Garcia, that's not Danny Garcia's fault. Uh he was trying to throw that right and stepping to the left and stepping to the right. Counter right hand by Garcia. I love the concentration. Lean left hook, right uppercut lands for Thor. The 10th welterweight title unification fight in history. Garcia was able to do some things in the last round he hasn't been able to do. Jabbing, double jabbing, and the second one gets through the guard of Keith Thurman. Thurman still concentrating on throwing that uppercut and he would land this one. He's landed four or five really good ones in this fight and I think he thought he would hurt Garcia with them. They haven't &gt;&gt; Well said. One of the greatest champions in the sport and now they're trying to do just that. Under a minute remaining. GARCIA WITH A RIGHT HAND. Furman goes back to the body and of course anything Garcia throws that looks like it lands will cause the crowd to erupt. It's the Bull and the Matador IN ROUND 12. GARCIA WORKING THE BODY. IF YOU DON'T KNOW, NOW YOU KNOW. TWO OF THE BEST GO THE DISTANCE TO UNIFY THE WELTERWEIGHT TITLES. Ladies and gentlemen, after 12 rounds of action here at Barkley Center in Brooklyn, we go to the scorecards. We have a split decision. Judge at ringside, John McKay, scores about 116 to 112 in favor of Keith Thurman. Judge Kevin Morgan sees the bout 115 to 113 in favor of Danny Garcia. And judge at ringside Joe Pasqual scores about 115 to 113 in favor of the winner. He is still undefeated. He is now the WBA and WBC unified welterweight champion of the world. KEITH ONE TIME THORMAN. Keith one time Thorman trainer Ben Getty looking down and smiling. Keith Thurman unifies the WBA and WBC titles via a split decision. To the victor go the spoils. and Keith Thurman will return to Clearwater, Florida with not one but two welterweight championship belts as we look at the official scores from the three judges seated at ringside. Two of them had it 115 113 but one had it for Thurman, one had it for Garcia. John McKay had it 116 112 for Thurman.