Kind: captions Language: en We are in LA. Joe Tesstor, Teddy Atlas with you. It's time for our main event. Listen, we've called this boxing's rain check, the make good for sports fans after the lack of excitement of Pacquiao Mayweather. Leo Santa Cruz, Abner Mars, the tale of the tape. And I want to refer to the compub box numbers you see here cuz Santa Cruz, the superlatives are unbelievable. Number one in boxing and average punches thrown per round at 81. Both fighters in the top five in average power punches thrown per round. Leo's number one in the fight game. Mars land 17. We got action waiting here, [Music] [Applause] folks. Now set to make his way to the ring. Abner Males, how are you? [Applause] [Music] [Applause] in three division titleists. He was working his way back from that one stunning loss in his career. This is such a tough determined fighter, skilled, good body puncher, lots of heart, can box, can pressure, versatile Mexican American fighter. You see those blue shirts? He says, "This is my town. LA's my town. Born in Mexico, but proud to be LA through and through. He's been knocked down. He's been cut. He's faced adversity, but he is comfortable with the discomfort that boxing can bring. And it may be that kind of night where you have to go there [Music] tonight. Heading to the ring, Lao and Famoso Demoto Santa [Applause] Cruz as Leo Santa Cruz. takes that undefeated mark through a sea of Mexican fight fans. A roar as he made his appearance for the toughest fight of his career. He said to us he feels this is his [Applause] moment. He has been banned for some recent matchmaking even with a title in hand. He said that criticism of weaker competition has bothered him. There is nothing weak about those steps up through those ropes tonight. This is it. The moment has arrived. Who will be the king of LA? The Mexicanamean battle of bragging rights. for the official introductions. Here's Sweet Baby Ray Flores from the Staple Center here in Los Angeles. Premier Boxing Champions now presents the main events live on ESPN 12 rounds for the featherweight championship. The three judges ringside arm, Max Dookum, Steve Mororrow, and Jesse Ureas. And the referee in charge when the bell sounds Jack Reese. Introducing first out of the red corner wearing the black with gold trim. His professional record 29 wins, one loss, one draw. 15 wins coming by way of knockouts. Fighting out of Los Angeles, California, [Applause] [Music] Mexico. Across the ring, out of the blue corner, wearing the red, white, and green. Loses de Mexico as a professional. Undefeated. 30 wins, one draw, 17 wins coming by KO but in Los Angeles with [Applause] Mexico [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] elto Santa Cruz. lose. Joe Morris was knocked out once in his career. That represents his only loss. Santa Cruz obviously undefeated, but has been on the floor once in his career. Did they announce them both and get out? We've seen plenty of fighters on the floor here at the Staples Center tonight. Will it continue in what is anticipated to be all action? They got a good one with him. Jack Reese, veteran referee. Sit down. It's going to go up. Stand back. Mouthpiece. Mouthpiece. I gave you both instruction. Listen. Obey my command at all time. Protect yourself. Fight hard, but fight clean. Good luck. I'm telling you right now, you can feel it here in LA. This is I'll meet you out at the schoolyard when the bell rings and it's about to ring. Mahrez in Santa Cruz. Local boys and rice Mexican pride. Time to go. Right now comes Mars meets it in the middle of the ring. As I said, time to go forward. Mars waste no time. Ran out to meet Santa Cruz. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Listen up. When I say let him go, let him go. Fox right back to the inside. Short right hand. Uppercut comes in for Morris. Santa Cruz returns fire. This is a funny thing to say about a two division champion, but this is a step up in class and opposition for Santa Cruz. Morris taking it right to him. Santa Cruz fires back and he's complaining that Mars has hit him a couple times in the back of the head already. The reason why I say it's a step up in class, Mars is showing what he's thinking, too. Mars knows he's been in with better competition. Big right hand for he wants to ask the question to Cruz. Are you ready for this step up? Step three. How about the opening 60 seconds? Mahrez all out. Digs to the body with a left hand. Santa Cruz comes back to the belt line himself. Digging to that belt line again is Marz again. no accident while Marvis is coming out more aggressive than he usually does. This is usually what Santa Cruz does. Cruz knows he been in with the better guys. He knows that he's answered questions with better guys. He wants to ask questions to Cruz and he wonders whether or not Cruz can give him the right answers. He wants Cruz to start thinking, you know, right? All those people that said I was stepping up tonight, they were right. up. I am stepping up tonight. I don't know if I'm ready. That's what Marvis is hoping to deliver in the message early here. Long distance right hand. Fire it off from Santa Cruz. Watch that right hand volume puncher. Watch that right hand of Santa Cruz. He's shaking it again. Just like we said in the fight plan. If Morris did his homework, he needs to attack that right hand side, but he sees it shaken from Santa Cruz. He invites him in and a lead right King from Morris. Santa Cruz had settled down into a groove for a moment there. Chopping right hand from the shorter Abner Morris. The undefeated Santa Cruz. Toughest test and he's being asked questions right away. Leo, let that one go. Right uppercut on the inside trying to find some separation. Left hand to the body. Right uppercut again from Morris. Santa Cruz. Murray trying to deliver a message to Cruz coming forward and saying, "You know all that talk about you stepping up. This is what it is when you step up." Oh, Mars is loving it, Teddy. He's shaking his head and loving it. Final seconds of round one. Nothing but action. tried to catch him with a chopping right hand. We described it as a make good for Pacquiao Mayweather. There was more action in those three minutes than 12 rounds you saw on May 2nd. Great, great stuff from Mahrez and Santa Cruz. That's what you call fighting fire with fire. How do you deal with an aggressive guy? Lots of ways. The way did the first round be running off [Applause] the again lot of ways to deal with an aggressive guy like Santa Cruz. You can counter punch, you can try to box, or you can fight by Mars decided to put pressure under pressure man and negate his pressure and you know what he did for the first round. Can he keep it up round after round? That is Santa Cruz's game. He can keep it up round after round. Can Mars keep it up? Saw the numbers there. two of the top four punches landed in boxing. And look at the first round. Mars through 85, Santa Cruz 72, landing 28 to 22, respectively. My fault. My fault. My fault. See, Joe, if Mars can't keep it up, then it's an advantage psychologically the same way as when a fighter stands up during rounds instead of sitting down. You got to stand up the whole fight because then you sit down. The other fighter says, "Oh, he's tired now." So if Mars doesn't keep coming forward, Santa Cruz is going to say, "Oh, you did it for one round. You did it for one and a half, but you're not keeping up. You're tired. You can't keep it up." And that's going to give a boost to Santa Cruz. I wonder I wonder I guess what I'm saying is I wonder whether or not Morris has painted himself into that proverbial corner. Yep. Where now he can't get out of it because look he's not pressing out and if he can't keep pressing again Santa Cruz says oh you can't keep pressing me that means I want a little bit of a battle. As for what else could be going through the head of Leo Santa Cruz, here's Bernardo. Precisely what Teddy was saying. Jose Santa Cruz and Mario Yuka Morales told Leo, "He came out faster than you expected, but he can't keep it up. Just wait for him. He's going to come to you because that's what he came to do." So create the space and punish him. [Applause] Now Santa Cruz with time and space and range. There's that shaking at the right hand. Teddy pointed that out earlier. I'm going to say Mars and his people didn't catch that on tape. I don't know how you don't catch it on tape, but when he shakes that right hand, Santa Cruz, it's out of play. You got to attack to that side. Now attacking to the body. waiting for Mars to get worn maybe at some point by Jack who I think is one of the best reps in the business because Mars using his forearm and his elbow in there. His left elbow and his left forearm to shove and get a little move from Cruz. Good exchange on the inside. Both men score. Santa Cruz trying to bully him a little bit that time as shaking of that right hand again. Pauler Santa Cruz stalking. And now on the inside, another great exchange of infighting. Both men so willing. A short break. We'll show you the replay when we return. Two of boxing's biggest stars are on a collision course. May 31st, they'll show out on the same card as Caleb Plant looks to dominate Armando Resendis and Jamal Charlo returns against Thomas Lamont. Saturday, May 31st, streaming free for Prime members on Prime Video. Take a look here. We talked about in the fight plan. Take a look here. Santa Cruz shaking that right hand, jingling that right hand around. And Mars is not attacking to that side. At the end of the round, Mars doing a little counter punches. He knows Santa Cruz is coming to Cruz's wheelhouse. So he does the smart thing. The experience thing catches him coming in. Mexican pride. LA bragging rights. Round three. Santa Cruz and Mars. Joe and Teddy with you ringside. Staples rocking tonight here in downtown LA. If you know somebody's coming in your front door as Santa Cruz does in your minds, counter punching not a bad idea. There's that shaking of the right hand by Santa Cruz. Santa Cruz just missed on the back end with that right uppercut. Morris right in the kitchen. He's putting on heat. Santa Cruz comes with a right hand of his own. Back and forth they go. Now you wonder about defense when you got two offensive fighters right now. Three lines of defense basically in boxing. You can use your legs. Move your head. No block. Santa Cruz blocks. Doesn't move his legs really. Doesn't move his head. He blocks. Mahrez moves his head a little more. Todd Gisham's in the corner of Abner Mars. Todd. Thank you, Joe. I don't know if Abner listened much, but they wanted him to change his game plan. They wanted him to box more, jab more, don't get into a brawl. They think he can outbox Santa Cruz, but judging by what he's done this round, Joe, it appears he hasn't listened very well. They came out sprinting right off the stool to make something of it, Todd. Not right now, though. Right now, Marley's looking to bounce a little bit. Now he is on the outside. Looking for the counter opportunity. [Applause] So these are the spots right here where nobody taking charge. Whoever uses their jab a little bit in these spots in these rounds they're going to grab rounds. That was thrown behind the jab that time and one comes from Morris as well. I got an accidental butt with a little blood. Little bit of bloody notes after that clash of heads in round three. He's got I don't think it'll slow these two down at all. Both these guys have been involved in hand clans. Separate Santa Cruz. Also, he's got a cut from the same butt on his right left eye. Yeah, as I was just about to say, Santa Cruz just before he got cut, he's been cut from head classes off his right eye from two fights. They hear the clap of the final 10 seconds and they decide that means let him go. Fly some leather extra brings us an extra look, Teddy, of Leo Santa Cruz. Yeah, usually Santa Cruz always coming forward, but right there he just stood his ground and caught Mahrez leaning a little, coming forward with the punch of choice. The right punch when a guy's leaning a little, the right uppercut. The undefeated Leo Santa Cruz. Toughest test of his career against the 2004 Olympian. Local favorite, three division champion, Abner Mahrez. Now you can see the more versatile fighters. Morris first round. What did he do? He went in slow. You know, tried to give Santa Cruz a little taste of his own medicine. Fight fire with fire. Now he's boxing a little bit. He can also counter punch a little bit. Will the more dimensional Mars have an advantage throughout the night? That means will he deal with the pressure of Cruz throughout the night. That's the key cuz if he's left without pressure, which he's being left without pressure right now. Mars, you can make an argument the better allound fighter for that reason. He can go in, he can go out, he can use his legs a little. Can do more things than Santa Cruz. Santa Cruz does one thing and he does it well. He comes forward and he throws a lot of punches which is why he's wildly away from each other. 30 and1 unbeaten is Santa Cruz. Mars has been cut from head classes several times. Cut over his left eye three fights. Joe, he's got scars over that left eye. And Mars has been cut in six different fights. Both men suffering a cut from a clash of heads in the third round. Yeah, nothing new to these guys. No panic when they see red. They've been there, done that. Supini relaxing in that right hand again by Santa Cruz. And again, Morris doesn't seem to pick up on it. That can be dangerous. Morris looking to put pressure, but that was reckless pressure. Reaching in a little bit. Could be open to that uppercut again from Santa Cruz. [Applause] This is not the relentless never stop punching Santa Cruz we've seen before. And I'm not shocked because we've never seen Look what he's opposite with this level of opposition. He's willing. He's committed, but it's tough to throw 81 per round when you're up against the grab. We talked about in a fight around step back. In a fight plan, I talked about Mars. When he feels pressure, what does he do? He tries to stop the pressure and he reaches in. Wow. And there it is. Leaving himself wide. Take another look right there. Leaving himself wide open. I wonder whether or not Santa Cruz saw that on tape getting ready for this fight because he didn't look ready for it right there. And again, that is an opportunity to really turn a fight around. Such a great look we got there too of him reaching in thanks to Jack Reese the referee wearing the ref cam tonight here the PBC on ESPN. See you look at the shaking of that right hand Joe of Santa Cruz. If Yamarus while he's preoccupied while he's busy doing that again that hand is out of play. It's not ready to throw. No blood butts. But it's going to come again. He's going to shake it. Here he goes again. Right hand from Santa Cruz. Mars tried to return and dig to the body now on the inside. is touching him, sending him back to that blue corner and tying up with that left hand. Pick it up. [Applause] You know, I touched on it the last time. I see danger areas for Mars starting to come out. Starting to reach in and expose himself to get close to Santa Cruz more and more. And when you reach in, there's a gap. There's a hole. And Santa Cruz can fill that hole. In other words, time Mars as he does that right there. And you saw that short right hand separate that time. Santa Cruz looked like he was ready for Mars to reach in. I see the confidence raising a little bit in Santa Cruz. You can see him coming forward with momentum. And one of the reasons is what I touched on the first round. There was a gamble by Morris. He went out there a little bit out of character. Went right into Santa Cruz. Let each other go, but he couldn't keep it up. And so Santa Cruz now is saying, "I'm going to be the boss now. You couldn't keep that pressure on me, but I can keep it on you. He said he put himself in a corner there. You come out and you do that. Can you stay with it? Yeah. Just like I said in the corner, you got a fighter standing in the corner. You better stand all night cuz then suddenly first time you sit down, they're looking across at you. Oh yeah. Your opponent saying, "Oh, we got you. You're tired now." So now when you see sometimes these half back steps Constant pressure of the first round isn't as evident. Statement made. You're right. There's a right hand from Santa Cruz. Just flipped him on the top of the net. He's starting to take over a little bit. And again, watch when the pressure comes to Mars. How he'll reach in and leave himself open. [Applause] One more to come. Two of boxing's biggest stars are on a collision course. May 31st, they'll show out on the same card as Caleb Plant looks to dominate Armando Resendis and Jeral Charlo returns against Thomas Lamont. Saturday, May 31st, streaming free for Prime members on Prime Video. This is as good of a main event PVC is put forth. Much anticipated. Yeah, this is what you want to see and what people were hoping to see when they heard about Al Heymon bringing boxing back to the networks. The best fighting the best. the creme de la creme. That's what you have tonight. Right now, we sense a little bit of a momentum shift with Leo Santa Cruz taking control. Bernie, what are you hearing out of that corner? Jose Santa Cruz is telling Leo, "Use your lead right. He's waiting on your jab. He's timing you. So, go with the lead right. Create that distance and follow up with a left hook to the body." That is Leo's father, Jose Santa Cruz, trainer of his unbeaten son. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Meanwhile, Todd Gisham is manning the corner of Abner Mara's. God. Well, his corner is telling him that they don't believe Leo's punches are as strong or as sharp as they were in the earlier rounds and that Abner can be more aggressive now. Maybe get back into that slugging style more than he was the last few rounds. Abner, get the left arm out of there. There's slugging and there's recklessness. That's right. I see recklessness in spots here when Mars comes forward again. Not behind the jab and reaching a little bit. Opportunities for shots in between that reach each other out in between that gap by Santa Cruz. I don't see Santa Cruz using that jab the way he usually does. There he used it. There he used it and he set up a right hand behind it. He should be using it. Came back with it. There are the jab numbers, Teddy. Santa Cruz throwing 151 tomorrow. You can see the height and the reach, the wings advantage of Santa Cruz. The best way to use those assets, those advantages is to start with the jab. In other words, throw when you're on the outside, throw when there's space. You have an advantage if you're Santa Cruz when there's space. Three punch combination was the last left hand that landed for Santa Cruz. See height advantage that you detailed there. Yeah, Mars has to get close. It's that simple to do damage. Santa Cruz has an opportunity to nail him as he's trying to get close. I like the way Santa Cruz doesn't usually do this. The way that he's starting to dictate range with that jab, control range a little bit and sort of tempt Mars to try to come in. Halfway home in our main event on the PBC on ESPN presented by Corona Extra. All right, here's a no no. If you're the shorter guy, don't stand outside in front of the longer guy. There's Morris standing outside in front of the longer guy, the longer jab and the right hand behind it nails him. See, the oldtimes, Joe, in that kind of situation, they would say if you're the shorter guy, take a walk around the block. Mhm. But don't stand on the corner. You stand on a corner, your mother, your grandmother used to tell you, you get in trouble. Easy to find. Nothing good's going to happen. Round seven here. Let him go, Leo. That left hand over the rope is there as now just enough room to fire off. Sam's trying to turn using that left hand to position himself. Okay, come here. Both you guys are wrestling. Jack Reese is going to try to clean this up. He said both guys are wrestling. For me, a little bit more to the blame of Morris. Agreed. Especially with that left arm. See, I like a referee that allows the fighters to do their thing. Doesn't try to become part of the fight. Lets them fight and he's there when he's needed. Bree's doing that right now. Good exchange that time in the middle of the ring. Again, I'm seeing a lot more counter punching, controlling of range, understanding of his height and reach than I've ever seen before with Cruz. Usually, he gives that all up, Joe. You know, he gives up height, he gives up reach, and he just in. But again, that's what led some of fighters. Now, he's using those assets because he figures he has to with a better level fighter. Pull your arm out. I guess what I'm saying is Mars is bringing the best out in Santa Cruz right now. Average punches thrown per round. Career 81 tonight. Now with this work rate, Leo slightly above that. And Mara is well above his career average tonight. Averaging 72 thrown per round. This is a box tallying feast tonight with these two, Santa Cruz and Mars. The question is who can be the most effective with their work. Look at them go again here. Just a blur with that exchange on the inside. Now there's a lead right. Then he fell forward again. Step away. Mars is shaking of that right hand again. Mars I think starting to fall behind in this fight. Needs to take advantage of something. That could be something if he notices if somebody in his gone corner. Oh, right hand came in for Mars. Notice that stop sign shakes that right hand takes it out of play. Mars could attack on that side. That time real interesting main event here as they pick up the pace to close out the seventh round. High energy all night long here at the Staple Center. Joe Tessatur Teddy Atlas. Glad you're with us here. Ringside. Santa Cruz talked to us yesterday about Get your arm out of here. How much he thinks about never suffering that first loss. Let that arm go. to control in the middle rounds here. Abner Mahrez, local rival, two tough Mexican Americans with so much pride. Pull the arm out. Abner Mars has been penalized for low blows in two different fights. I don't know why, but I got a funny feel. How about Santa Cruz turning the tables there for a moment. Teddy, please. You might see something on the inside. Relax on the wrestling. See if it happens. maybe accidentally on purpose as has been known to happen. You got to do something to slow a guy down when he's coming at you. And sometimes that just might be something. Again, separation distance should be an advantage for Cruz. Santa Cruz, the man with the with the longer wingspan that lead right chasing him with that jab and then tying up is Mahrez. Stop, break, separate. Let's look at the scorecards here. We'll start with Teddy's scorecard. 6865 says Teddy. Dave Mer the first two rounds. Now you, the fan at home, can jump in and score along at any point on Facebook, ESPN, the ESPN boxing Facebook page. 33 with one even round. Let him go for the viewers. Let the ropes go. You can join in and swirl along and vote at any point. Just go online. See a lot of punches being blocked here. It's going to take some good eyes from the judges. Not just to see punches flying, but which ones are actually landing. And that's where I see the difference. Right there was a clean punch. Because when there's separation, there's only one guy landing when there's separation and that's Santa Cruz. And nose punches are cleaner because in side close there can be a lot of clashing, a lot of physicality, a lot of bumping, and a lot of blocking. Came with a short right. Santa Cruz just touched him with a right uppercut. Now had him off balance for a moment. There's a right uppercut on the inside. There's a left hand from Santa Cruz on the attack. Morris comes forward, wraps up. Good stuff here in the final minute of round eight. And again, like you said in the fight uppercut would be there for Santa Cruz as Morris leans in, reaches a little bit. Good final moments here for the unbeaten Leo Santa Cruz. Great fight. Two of boxing's biggest stars are on a collision course. May 31st, they'll show out on the same card as Caleb Plant looks to dominate Armando Resendis and Jeral Charlo returns against Thomas Lamman. Saturday, May 31st, streaming free for Prime members on Prime Video. The PBC on ESPN is presented by Corona Extra, who invites you to find your beach and in part by Applebee's original all-in burgers. We are all in with Ref Cam tonight from Pack Staple Center for a thriller between Abner Mahrez and undefeated Leo Santa Cruz. A long awaited showdown of LA base Mexican Warriors. Round number nine and we are commercial free the rest of the way. So just sit back and enjoy some free Saturday night boxing right here on ESPN. Work out there. You guys, let your arms go. Come on. All night long, we've been checking in on the corners of Mahar and Santa Cruz. Another visit with Bernardo soon. And Mr. Santa Cruz was telling Leo, "But him on the outside. Make him pay when he wants to cut the distance. And don't let him hold you. Make him pay." Yeah. Charge him for the real estate. Instead of charging them dollars, I charge him three punches for every two feet that Mars tries to close. Todd is with the corner of Abner Mahrez. Todd, well, Joe, if Abner looks a little confused there right now, how can you blame him? Half of his corner is telling him to play defense first and counter punch. And at the same time, a couple other members of his corner are telling him to go on attack, be aggressive, and go win it. Well, I know who he listened to to start the fight because he came out redot and then settled into a bit of boxing, but there have been so many moments of exchanges. Confox tallies it this way. Total punches thrown and landed. Santa Cruz 248 to 160. Those thrown numbers are off the charts, folks. High high work rate for both men here tonight. And again, I've never seen Santa Cruz this good. He's never been in this good with somebody this good. But Santa Cruz, never before did he use those physical attributes of height and reach. He just came forward and he was able to get away with it. Tonight, using that height a lot more. Once again, so willing on the inside. And then Morris puts that left hand behind. Now some space again. When there's space, it's got to be bad for Morris if he stands in front because Cruz can reach him from a place where Morris cannot reach Cruz. Swelling on that left eye. San lands. Remember, we had that flash of heads in the third round, but now starting to see some pronounced swelling around that left eye. If there was a knock that I could deliver on Cruz this round, it's that he's not using his jab as much as he should. When he uses that jab, big difference. Look at them take it right through the bell. Crowd loves it. LA live. Boy, is it alive [Applause] tonight. Hey, not hearing. [Applause] Father and brother working the corner. Meanwhile, Medina with Abner Marz. Mike Rodriguez handling the cuts. You can see they're getting that end swell around the right eye dealing with that cut up on the top of the head. That was from the clash of heads in the third. And on they go. Those 60 seconds move fast. when you're in a night like this. 10th round. There's some shaking of that right hand as the 10th round starts for Santa Cruz. Work stop my break. All night long. Morris and his people not prepared for that. for that weird habit that Santa Cruz has of twisting that right hand and taking it out of play. Curious to see what Mahrez offers down the stretch here. I heard Todd saying almost as if there's two camps and two approaches coming from his corner. Which path will he take? Well, I tell you where there's not two things for me and that's when who's landing the cleaner punches. for me, Santa Cruz. And again, because of that, when there's separation, he can land clean shots where Morris can't. Morris has to be close. And in this fight, in close, it's harder to land clean shots because both guys block pretty well. Teddy has a commanding lead for Santa Cruz. Fans at home voting online have it closer. You can go to the ESPN boxing Facebook page or ESPN coat.com. We talked about Mars having been cut in six fights throughout his career. Make it seven. [Music] [Applause] Be careful coming in. You can see some blood now around the right eye of Abner Morris. More significant here. Again, when there's separation, Joe, only one man landed. That's Santa Cruz. And he's landing punches that the judges can see that are clean very clearly when they're in close. much harder to see who's landing the cleaner shots. Much easier when there's separation. That cut is becoming more and more significant on Adam. Again, separation. Who's the man? Santa Cruz. Again, I've never seen him use these physical attributes of size the way he has tonight. Santa Cruz Oh, but Morris comes straight in that time, lunging with a left hand. Showing some aggression here and he's going to need something down the stretch. Aggression, but reckless aggression. Desperation can bring that about, Teddy, right? Yeah, it is bringing it about and I think there's a long range right. I think it's going to mean more and more clean shots are going to be landed by Santa Cruz. Another good round right by Santa Cruz. No doubt. Cleaner punches. Santa Cruz taking a good look at that cut around the right eye. As that last round moved on, it worsened. Two of boxing's biggest stars are on a collision course. May 31st, they'll show out on the same card as Caleb Plant looks to dominate Armando Resendis and Jamal Charlo returns against Thomas Lamont. Saturday, May 31st, streaming free for Prime members on Prime Video. He's fine. He's good. He's good. Cut man is Mike Rodriguez. Got a big jaw on his head. There's a good look at it right there, Teddy. That's adrenaline chloride. For those at home wondering where that's being applied there by the Schwab into the eye of Mars to stop the bleeding. Accidental. You got two rounds. Got to stay off the back of his head when you're both standing off the adrenaline. That's what you use. You put adrenaline in there. Put pressure. Should be more pressure being used right now to be honest. And then after the pressure, he can take a cold coat of Vaseline to cap it off to close it. [Music] There are only certain coagulants that are allowed by the commissions. Adrenaline oneup. See, I think that all cuts have different degrees, different phases to them. When it starts getting bad, you got to go to something else. Something like avatine or thromben. I haven't seen those coagulants used in the corner tonight of Morris. Santa Cruz championship rounds. You guys stop stop separating. Over five minutes of action remain. Commercial free from here on out. Hope you're enjoying it. It's been a good night from LA. Great action throughout the car. Look at the average punches thrown per round. Well above their career averages. See numbers in the 80s and the high 70s. The featherweight average is 57. Little sloppiness the last couple rounds. More on the side of Morris. Abner. Let him go. Abner. Watch Mars use that left forearm on the inside. Just did it if he gets away with it to get a little separation from Santa Cruz. [Applause] Stop my brain. Stop. Separate by [Applause] back to the inside through the two punches. Now he's got to work when he's there. Teddy has him behind on the scorecards. Pull away from each other. Pull their arms out. There you go. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. You can't hold them with that arm. You all right? Warning from referee Jack Reese. See this hurts on the inside. You can smother guys, you know, you can avoid punches. You can make it sloppy with the little like they're doing right now. That helps too because he's ahead in a fight. But there's a less chance of Santa Cruz when he's in close. When he's doing that, there's a less chance of something landing clean. That's good for Santa Cruz because I think he's ahead. It's not good for Morris. Mars cannot go down the stretch with that kind of fight. [Applause] So that's what combination I don't know if they landed but he needs extension on his punches again. He ain't getting it done inside bumping into the guy smothering himself. That's not going to get him ahead and he needs to get ahead. They were able to deal with the cut back stop and devel and now they have to deal with the final 60 seconds of instructions. We will listen in before the 12th and final round. They're going to bring this thing home, you know, with full energy. He's good. He's good. Jab, jab, jab. 1, two, three. Time up. Okay. Don't let him set up. Okay? And you're in better shape. You got to use the jab. You got to go upstairs. Right. [Applause] Just concentrate. Just concentrate mentally. You've got to be sharp. You can win this fight with your mind. Do not get too confident. Instruction. They used to spar against each other. They were upandcomers. Now they meet as top world class fighters in their hometown. The battle of LA. The proud Mexican warriors. Three minutes. Here they come again. Mars needs a big punch on my part to have any shot. and in real close. When there's a lot of bumping and not much separation, I don't see him landing it. He needs a little separation, but there's one problem with that separation. My break away from Cruz has the advantage when there is separation. [Applause] Santa Cruz has done such a good job of taking control as Mars has tried to wield his way back into this. He came out redhot trying to play Santa Cruz's volume punching pressure attacking game. Teddy, I see just the way you do, the way your scorecard reads. Does he have it in him here? Can he come up with it? Right now, Morris has to roll the dice. No doubt. If he's going to try to win this and that means he has to take a risk. That means he has to close that gap and take a chance of getting nailed as he's getting as he did there. Santa Cruz caught him again. Stop my break. Step away. Yeah, Mar has to go through that bad neighborhood now if he wants to get to Cruz. And if he gets uppercut hit, if he gets mugged, so be it. But he's got to get home. And there's no way to get home. Alleged comes forward. [Applause] [Music] If I'm Cruz right now, you know what I'm thinking, Joe? Let Mars do my work for me. In other words, let him come forward. and walk into shots like that. Now I'm coming forward. That was it. And that's what Cruz is thinking. He's thinking the way I'm thinking. No punch. No punch. You should think that way again. Let Mars come in. Let him take the chance and let me walk in. Walk him into something. Final half minute. Stop. Stop. Stop. Listen to this roar. As advertised, Marz and Santa Cruz. Let him take it home, boys. Good, good stuff. That's zip boxing. That's pretty good. That's flatout fighting the way it should be. LA style, Mexican style. Proudly put forth as Leo Santa Cruz should feel real good about his night. Mars was spirited. Santa Cruz was sensational. And this crowd is appreciative. Nice pocket work. They flatten their feet. After 12 rounds, we go to the scorecards. Here are your score totals. Judge at ringside, Jesse Reyes, has the bout. 1171 for Santa Cruz. Judge Max Duca has the bout. 114 114 a draw. [Applause] And judge Steve Mororrow has the bout 1171. For your winner by majority decision, Leo and Pimoto Santa Cruz. Two of boxing's biggest stars are on a collision course. May 31st, they'll show out on the same card as Caleb Plant looks to dominate Armando Resendis and Jeral Charlo returns against Thomas Lamont. Saturday, May 31st, streaming free for Prime members on Prime Video. We got the tale of the tape for our first featured fight of the night. Both guys are recent world title challengers and they can bring it. Julio Seaha, Hugo Ruiz determined to launch the next phase of their careers. Seaha six years younger. Ruiz been a quick starter, got 17 first round knockouts. Tom Bubach's number to know. See that last line right there. Junior featherweight average for power punches thrown per round is 36. Ruiz is at 30.5. Seaha 50.5 power punches thrown per round. Let's get fighting here in LA. Sweet baby Ray Flores gets a set. Ladies and gentlemen, good evening and welcome to the Staple Center here in Los Angeles live on ESPN. This is Premier Boxing Champions. The action begins with 12 rounds in the junior featherweight division. The three judges ringside are Kathy Leonard, Craig Metaf, and Alejandro Rochin. And the referee in charge when the bell sounds, Rahul Kais senior. Introducing first out of the red corner where Loses de Mexico as a professional. His record stands at 29 wins. 26 of those coming by way of knockout opposite one defeat. Adisan Mexico. Ladies and gentlemen, Julio Cesar Poto across the ring. His opponent out of the blue corner wearing the green with the gold trim. His professional record 35 wins 31 of those by KO opposite two defeats desi Mexico. Presentando Rugo Guadito Ruiz. [Music] Teddy's going to tell us how these boxers can look like a champ. Brought to you by Just for Men. Teddy, let's start with Seaha. Get inside and double up your left hook to the body and the head. He's taller. You better get inside. Ruiz, take advantage of your height by using your jab to set up that right hand. Veteran Raul Caillis, our third man inside the ropes. This should be competitive and fun. These little guys have plenty of pop. Seahar is 6 years younger. Both these fighters have fought for world titles, Joe, and both lost very close decisions. say a majority decision. Ruiz a split decision in Japan that most people thought he won. You see the taller man Ruiz needs to control the outside. That would mean needs to do that jab, control that range, and then look to set up his Sunday best, the right hand plate advantage that you mentioned for Ruiz 4 in. Yeah, for Seahar to win it, he's got to get inside. That means he's got to go through a bad neighborhood without getting mugged. There's that jab from Ruiz. Just putting it out there. See if he can find that range. [Music] Good job so far of this six-year mature Ruiz knowing what he's got to do. Again, control range. Title fight for Ruiz was over in Japan in December of 2012. Now, four straight wins since then, including three by knockout. I wonder if Ruiz talked to a real estate agent before this fight cuz it's all about location, location, location. Luise stays on the outside, controls that outside, got a better chance of winning. Seaha trying to get in the front door that time. Started off with the left hook towards the body. See the power on those shots from Ruiza. That title fight he had lone loss on his mark. He's won five in a row since then. When it comes down to two bangers, maybe sometimes it's about who's got the better chin. Ruiz has come off the floor to win in two fights. Both guys have been involved in the head classes. Joe Seah has and Ruiz has been cut. Oh, there's a good uppercut from Ruiz. That time as Seaha came in, Ruiz was able to meet him with a short right hand. Ruiz has been cut from a head clash over his right eye. That means to me that sometimes he gives up his height. You don't get cut by the head if you're standing outside. It's up to Zaha to get Ruiz now to give up that height that time as Ruiz was able to get to the inside. Start of what should be a very exciting night from LA. PBC on ESPN. Two of boxing's biggest stars are on a collision course. May 31st, they'll show out on the same card as Caleb Plant looks to dominate Armando Resendis and Jeral Charlo returns against Thomas Lammano. Saturday, May 31st, streaming free for Prime members on Prime Video. Joe, you talked about the right uppercut. You're right. There's the right uppercut from Luis, but you know what? I'm looking at the way he dropped that right hand to throw it, leaving an opening for Seaha. If his people in the corner saw that, they're going to look for left hooks from now on. There's an opportunity there for Ruiz, or I should say for Seahawk when he exposes himself to throw that right uppercut. Dangerous punch for Seahawk. Very dangerous punch for Ruiz. And something for Ruiz's father, Herabberto, to remind him of. That is his trainer. Dad's the trainer. He was a pro boxer. Yugo has two identical twin brothers. Herberto Jr. and Adele. Both were featherweights. Listen, we know if Seah is going to win, he has to get inside. We know that already. But I'm going to put something else on that. So, if he's going to win, he's got to use his jab cuz he's not going to get in without the cover of that jab. I don't care if he's shorter. I don't care if his arms are shorter. Look at the young Mike Tyson. He used to out jab everybody. You can out jab a taller guy if you know what you're doing. Move your head a little bit. Take the height away. Take a little step. Out jab the man. Sea has to do what I talk about sometimes. He's got to put bugs on the windshield of Ruiz. He's got to blur the vision of the taller man as he comes in. And again, do that with a jab. Been a round so far for Seok. Somebody yelled in his ear. See the way Seyok fell in there with his head a little bit. That's why both these guys have been involved in heads clash. The burden of risk is on the shoulders of Seah. He's shorter. He's got to take the chances to get close to Ruiz. There's that jab you said he could do for Yeah, Ruiz has the advantage. He's like the kid on the hill I talk about when you were a kid. He's on top of the hill throwing crab apples at you. You got to get up the hill to get him to stop him. And you got to take all those apples to get up there. He's got the edge. He can hit you before you can get there. That's the edge Ruiz has if he keeps it on the outside. He can catch Seahawk before Seahha gets to the top of the hill. Sea trying to work his way up that inside mountain of Ruiz. Yeah. Without having an avalanche tumble down on him. See, that's not a good sign of your backup. And then he pulled out again. Our first featured fight of two. [Applause] Great scene at the Staple Center here in downtown Los Angeles tonight. Joe Tesstor and Teddy Atlas with you. Ringside first fight as they get going here to start the third round is Hugo Ruiz and Julio Seaha. Of course, the main event's going to be a good one. Abner Mara in the undefeated Leo Santa Cruz. Good start to this third round. Nice pace set by Seahawka. Yeah. Well, somebody told Seaha he's got to get at the top of that hill. He's got to climb. Got to start climbing. Can't wait until it's too late. But Ruiz again, he's on top of the hill and he's not throwing crab apples. Throwing good solid shots. Look at the way Ruiz maintains that distance. Doesn't happen by itself. Sea comes in 6 in. Ruiz goes back eight. There was that right uppercut, but that time he came with the sweeping left hook as well. Didn't connect well, but he threw it. You said it could be an opportunity for Seaha. We'll see if that develops again. Yeah, you don't want to give up defense for offense. When Ruiz throws that right uppercut, he drops it. Leaving a little window for the left hook. Now Seahawk's close. Yep. Seahha came with a chopping right and then a left to the body. And there's a left hook up top. See, I'm in the corner. Seahawk, I'm going to say, son, you got close a couple times that round. Then you went out again. What the heck are you going out again for? You work hard. You take risk to get close. Don't go out and take that risk all over again. Seahha tried to get back to the inside and put that left hand to the body. Ruiz fired off the left of the zone. Now Diggs with a right uppercut to the body. Sweeping left hand. A little return fire from Seha. Ruiz is more versatile. I've seen that over. Oh, he goes down. He caught him with a left hook. Ruiz for Seahha. [Applause] The danger of trying to get to the inside. You described it. Ruiz delivered. Can he get to him? 40 seconds to survive for Julio Seahha. Can be an eternity. I was just saying that Luis more versatile. He can go forward and he can counter too. He did that that knockdown with a counter. Little awkward on his feet that time. Another right hand reigns in. Here's Ruiz on the attack. 20 seconds to go. Seahawk's got to find a way to survive. He eats a big right hand and stands up to it. Ruiz goes to the body right there. Teddy with a left hand. He shoots onto the body to freeze the head movement of Seahawk. He's still trying to survive. 29 and one is Julio Seahha. His long loss a title shot and he survives that offensive attack from Hugo Ruiz. Good action here on the PBC. Two of boxing's biggest stars are on a collision course. May 31st, they'll show out on the same card as Caleb Plant looks to dominate Armando Resand and Jamal Charlo returns against Thomas Lamont. Saturday, May 31st, streaming free for Prime members on Prime Video. Luiz right here. You can see gives a little ground. What did I say earlier? You come in six in he goes back eight. That's how he controls range. That's how he set up the counter. Watch again. Goes back a little bit. Creates a little gap. Seahar reaches in with the right hand. Does not cover with the right hand. And the left hook placed right on the chin of Seahar by Ruiz. Dad is counter punching 101. [Music] What I didn't like in that corner with Seahawk, they're talking to him. They're whispering to him. At the end, they're yelling at him. I don't know that anyone told him why he got hit. You got to know why he got hit so it doesn't happen again. And I didn't see anybody physically revive him. Put cold water on the top of his head, on the back of his neck. Revive him a little. A spot he's never been in. Teddy Julio Seha. First time he has been down in his career. A promising future coming into tonight. 29-1 in a spotlight fight against Ruiz, a top contender at 122 lbs. A world title challenger himself. But Ruiz has come off the floor twice in his career as I said earlier to win. Going to find out whether or not Seya has the same kind of character. Bernardo Asun is in the corner of Julio Sea. What can you tell us Bernardo? I'm actually in the corner of Edberto Ruiz and his father and trainer Edberto Ruiz Senior said be calm. Tranquility is the key here. Don't go looking for the knockout. Keep them on the outside and the knockout will come. Again, versatility for me from Luise. He He doesn't really like to go forward. He I think he showed that when he hurt Seah didn't do a great job of finishing, but he can go forward if he has to, but he likes to set up the counters, control the outside, keep it pretty basic. But one dimension for Seaha walking forward. And right now the more dimensional Ruiz having a little bit of an easy way with it. Right hand comes in from Ruiz. Well, if Liz is going to end this fight with one punch, it's going to be the right hand. You see that? If Sean's gonna get back into this fight, it's going to be with the left hook. So far, both guys big knockout records, big knockout percentages. the more legitimate KO power looks to be on the side of Ruiz. You know, you could have records with 100 knockouts. Doesn't matter. It matters who did you knock out. Seahawks 29-1, 26 knockouts. Luiz 35-2, 30 knockouts. Louise looks like a legitimate punch. Our main event awaits. Teddy has the fight. Abner Mahrez. Who will be the king of LA? Shake rattle. Mexican pride on the line. Abner Mahrez has got to figure out a way to slow down. One of the very best volume punchers and attacking styles in boxing, Leo Santa Cruz. Round five here with Ruiz and Seahawk. The oldtimes would have said in a fight like this, you know, until tonight, we knew nothing about Seahawk. We knew that he knocked out a lot of guys. We knew that he fought for a title. He lost a majority decision, but we didn't really know what he was made of. Tonight, we get to really take a peek into his soul and see what he's made of after he was on the floor. Oldtimes would always say that's the making of a champion. Somebody who can come off the floor, pull it together, and find a way to win. See whether or not Seahar has that something in him. He better get it moving pretty quick because I got him well behind already a quarter of the way through this fight. Of course, that 108 third round went down with that counter left hook from Ruiz to the inside this time. Find a little space there. Let those hands go ties up. He's the bigger man. He's showing more power. Maybe that Seahawk finding a little bit of success on the inside there again. Maybe part of it is he's the bigger guy. Ruiz turned pro 114, moved up to bantamweight, while Seya turned pro at 108 and fought half his career at 112 before moving up to banterweight. Doesn't always mean more power play. Oh, and he trains with him and puts him down. How about that, Mr. Ruiz? A little power shot from Seahan. He might have the making of a champion. Each man has been down. How about this? Mexican Warriors indeed. And now Seahas trying to finish Ruiz. Can he pull it off? Up off the canvas. Toe to toe they go. Uppercut. Left hook to the inside. Upstairs. Digs to the body. Ruiz trying to survive. 30 seconds left. An allout assault by Seha. It's over. He did it from up off the canvas to victory. What an appetizer for a championship fight night. That is just great great stuff. Sea was down and hurt and desperate and he comes back to pull that off. Wow. Well, we said it earlier. If Ruiz is going to end it with one punch, right hand Sean's going to get back into it with one punch. Going to be the left hook. As if this crowd needed more fuel to their fire of what awaits in the main event. Toeto toe Ruiz and Sea go. Each man was down and Seha just smothered him and made him crumble in the fifth. That was sensational. Let's show you every second of it here as to how he pulled it off. We'll start with the knockdown that got the ball rolling for Seahawk. The right hand sets up the left hook, but again, Ruiz does not control the range at that moment. He lets him get close. Right hand a little low against right hand is a setup punch for Seahawk. It draws him in. It moves him in. Right hand moves him in. Blocks the vision a little bit of Ruiz. And then the left hook as Ruiz is throwing his own left hook. But the right hand down low and Sey catches him. And then Sear, unlike Ruiz, knows how to finish, knows how to be aggressive, and it was to his advantage. jumps right on him, keeps the punches going, goes downstairs a little bit every once in a while and then back upstairs. Only early in his career when he was learning the game and being thrown in tough as a young fighter back in Mexico had Ruiz been stopped. He went on to win and win more and fight for a title that he lost by a split decision in Japan and was peing and surging here tonight. And then Seaha came home with it. Let me tell you something, Joe. If this was an appetizer to a main cause, man, this was lobster. The main cause, what could it be? I guess. Let's show you the compubox numbers. The look like a champ brought to you by Just for Men. And you see the total punches thrown favoring Sehan landed 107 to 96. edge, the power punches. Much of that work, the 96 out of 228 coming in that fifth round. Let's make it official. And for that, here's Sweep Baby Ray Flores. Ladies and gentlemen, the end comes at 2 minutes 34 seconds of the fifth round. A referee in charge, Raul Kais senior waves off the bot for your winner by knockout. Julio Cesar Buoyito Sea his US debut. It comes in front of a packed rowdy and primed house at the Staple Center and it was spectacular. Two of boxing's biggest stars are on a collision course. May 31st, they'll show out on the same card as Caleb Plant looks to dominate Armando Resendis and Jeral Charlo returns against Thomas Lamont. Saturday, May 31st, streaming free for Prime members on Prime Video as we have Dugo Ruiz and Julio Sean. Southern California. There's something special about being here in in Southern California as we see Hugo Guatito Ruiz very confident in his approach says that victory will be his and the four fights I was discussing Rafael Marquez and Israel Vasquez. Hugo Ruiz extremely confident heading into this fight and understands what a big opportunity he has in front of him. He knows that Julio Sejo will be willing to oblige in a battle as they did in the first fight. But both have stated this will be a much better fight compared to the first one. And their first one was a scintillating effect. Here we see the champion, Julio Seca, the 23y old [Music] Mexico. He is extremely focused and understands that this fight is going to be more rigorous, tough when they put in the work. And he will once again come out of Southern California with a gold around his waist. Julio Seca defending his championship against his adversary. Hugo Ruiz. There you see Hugo Ruiz. Guantanito is his nickname and that stands for little twin. The 29year-old Alos Mochi Cena Moa Mexico Mois home to that of P who's also here in attendance to check out tonight's [Music] event Ruiz trying to utilize his long limbs to be victorious. Gurio Sea extremely focused, does not want to repeat being knocked down in this fight compared to the first one. He was actually hit the deck for the first time in his career in the third round. Feels he learned a lot in that fight. He was wobbly going back to the corner, but he was able to circle the wagons and come back and really show that intestinal fortitude. [Applause] [Music] Let's take a look at our tale of the tape for our co-feature bout of the evening featuring Julio Sega and Hugo Guatito Ruiz. There you see the height advantage for Hugo Ruiz. Both weigh in very similar from a weight standpoint. Hugo Ruiz has the reach advantage and both wearing similar colored trunks. We are settling in for our co-feature part of the evening, the super banterweights. If you like action, this is the fight for you. This is the car for you and this is the venue. And now here is Jimmy Lennon Jr. with the official introductions. [Applause] Ladies and gentlemen, good evening and welcome to misos. We welcome you, ladies and gentlemen, to the Honda Center here in Anaheim, California for Showtime Championship Boxing and a big night of action brought to you by TGB Promotions and Showtime sponsored by Corona La Cervesa Masina. This bout in the ring, our first world title is presented in association with promotion de Pueblo and Samson Boxing and is sanctioned by the WBC, the president, Mauricio Sullean, the supervisor, Michael George. Introducing our three judges scoring from ringside. From Westminster, California, Jerry Kau from Dallas, Texas, Don Griffin, and from Greenwood, Indiana, Nathan Palmer. Introducing our third man of the ring, our referee in charge, Thomas Taylor. All right, fans, here we go. 12 rounds of boxing in a rematch for the WBC Super Bantamweight Championship of the World. Introducing to you first, the challenger on my left, fighting out of the red corner, wearing red trunks, hailing from Los Mochis, Sinaloa, Mexico. He weighed in right at the limit of 122 lbs. His record stands at 35 wins, three losses with 30 wins coming by way of knockout. Currently ranked the WBC number six contender. Please welcome the challenger. Introducing Ugo Guadito Luiz and his opponent across the ring, the defending champion on my right, fighting out of the blue corner, wearing red trunks with white trim, hailing from Atraasipan Desagosa, Mexico. He's weighed 121 and 12 lbs. his record 30 wins, one loss, 27 big wins coming by way of knockout. Tonight, making the first defense of his title. Here is the WBC super bantamweight champion of the world. Introducing Julio Pito Sea. And once again, our referee in charge now to give instructions is Thomas Taylor. Chief second. Boxer. Chief second. Mouth guard. Mouth guard. Gentlemen, we've gone over the rules in the dressing room. Want to remind you, protect yourselves at all times. Listen to my commands. Punches here are good. Punches here are good. Touch gloves. Touch gloves. Back to your corner. Corner. [Applause] Here we go. 12 rounds scheduled for the WBC Super Bantamweight Championship. A rematch of their matchup on August 29th. The first fight was a candidate for fight of the year. What will this second fight produce? Both fighters wearing the red trunks as Hugo Lee the Palmer fighter redheaded. He da and down dog go on the deck. The first power punch and sea in trouble. Can you go? Can you go like he twisted his left knee to Julio Sega and Hudo who is going in to try to finish this fight. He is cracking Julio Sega with right hands down the pipe. Sea cannot move. [Applause] Michael's over. There is a new champion in the super division and it is that man. He came out and stated he was going to try to look for the knockout from the first moment of the fight. He nearly had it. Ruiz disposing of Sega. He is overwhelmed by emotion. And there you see. Let's take a look at the knockdown. My goodness. [Applause] is still promising. There you see Samson Luis who is grabbing a hold of Julio. He's delighted he's thrilled. What a performance by Hugo Luiz. [Applause] Let's take a look at the first knockdown. Here we go. Hugo is a right hand right down the pipe there starting to go ahead and the right hand. Boom. It caught Julio Seca. His leg got caught underneath him. It went and twisted backwards and he was in trouble from that moment on. You could see that he's blocking. He's unable to a lot with a lot of power. Let's take a look at it again as Hugo Ruiz fighting tall utilizing his reach advantage. Ducks underneath the right and over the top. Boom on the chin as the right leg gets caught underneath Julio Seeka. That is some power by Hugo Ruiz as Seek was trying to engage. This is the end of the fight. You're seeing the arsenal of Fugo. Ruiz mixing it up, stepping it up, throwing a right cross, a left-handed barrage of punches as Tom Taylor wisely steps in and the agilation for Hugo Ruiz to capture the WBC super bantweight title. He gets on his knees, bounces right back up. He is elated with the joy of victory and the fact that the green belt is finally coming around his waist. There you see you go to the 29year-old who has professed his dream all along has been to become a world champion. Well, tonight on February 27th, it is his dream and dreams come true. And it did so for Hugo Batito Ruiz. Make no mistake about it, though. It appears as if Sea is going to be okay. Now, here's Ladies and gentlemen, we have the time of 51 seconds in round number one. A referee in charge, Thomas Taylor, stops the contest. He is the winner by way of knockout, avenging his previous loss. He is the new WBC super bantamweight champion of the world, Hugo Guadito who [Music] two of boxing's biggest stars are on a collision course. May 31st, they'll show out on the same card as Caleb Plant looks to dominate Armando Resendis and Jeral Charlo returns against Thomas Lamont. Saturday, May 31st, streaming free for Prime members on Prime Video. It is hot inside the MGM Grand and the action inside the ring will be that much hotter. The WBC lightweight championship of the world is on the line. Deon Slaticin will go headto-head and put his title up for grabs against Mikey Garcia. 35-0 with 29 knockouts. Maki wants to follow in the footsteps of the greats who have been world champions at 135 lbs specifically having held the WBC lightweight championship of the world. Those being Floyd Mayweather, Julio Cesar Chavez, Alexis Arguo, and Roberto Duran. for Mikey to be able to follow in those footsteps in those legendary names mean the world to [Music] him. Mikey has a sense of camaraderie and chemistry with his brother Robert. There you see Sugar Shane Mosley. He had some very impressive moments inside this building here at the MGM Grand. Now isn't fighting as frequently. Shane Mosley having topped Oscar De La Hoya. He fought Manny Pacquiao here at the MGM Grand years ago. Shane Mosley always willing to take time out for the fans and greet them here in Las Vegas. There you see this place is jam-packed. The fans are bracing themselves. And now we will see Mikey Garcia who is coming out with a [Music] V and Mikey Garcia is smiling. He's enjoying this moment. He is 12 years younger than his brother and trainer Robert who was also a world champion in the super featherweight division. His father and co-rainer Eduardo made a name by training ferocious Fernando Vargas. Before the Roas fight, Garcia said ratings are subjective. I what I worry about is love and support from the fans. [Music] Mike is 29 years of age. He is a thinking man fighter. He loves to use his jab. He has defeated six former or current title holders such as Roman Rocky Martinez, Elio Roas, Mauricio Pastana, Jonathan Victor Baros, Orlando Celo, and Juan Manuel Lopez. And the fans absolutely love Mikey Garcia as he gets a warm reception here in Las [Applause] [Music] Vegas. And now they await his opponent Dehan Slatin. And the chance of Mikey are already descending upon the MGM Grand Deans latin will clearly be public enemy number one the Mexican flags as the fans Deon Slatin 32 years of age. He is the first champion from Montenegro and is bordered by Croatia, Bosnia and Hersina, Serbia and Albania. He's a South Pole natural lefty, never been down. He stands 5'4 in tall and is the shortest lightweight in the top 25. In the leadup to the fight, he said quite simply, I'm going to knock out Mikey Garcia. He can't stand up to my power. If it if he has aspirations to go 12 rounds, that will not be the case because he will not make it the full 36 minutes. Tonight, I am going to make myself a household name by defeating Mikey Garcia, who has such a big name in the sport of boxing. And it's fitting he's coming out to act TNT because everyone talks about the power that Satanin has. Back in June of last year, he wiped out Bolivia's very own Franklin Mani by third round stoppage and he decimated Mammani from start to finish. As we get ready for our co- feature, the WBC lightweight world title is on the line here at the MGM Grand. We break down the numbers. It is Garcia who has a significant height and reach advantage. The weight is similar and the reach advantage is also favoring's very own Mikey [Music] Garcia. And now we get set to begin the evening here in Las Vegas. We will turn it over to the Hall of Famer, the classy does a wonderful job, Jimmy Lennon Jr. [Music] Ladies and gentlemen, a very good evening to you and we welcome you to the MGM Grand here in Las Vegas, Nevada, as Premier Boxing Champions presents our big night of World Championship Boxing brought to you by Ringstar Sports in association with Cyclone Promotions, TJB Promotions, and Showtime. Time sponsored by Corona Extra La Cervesa Masina. This bout of the ring is sanctioned by the WC. The president is Baicio Sullean. The supervisor in attendance, Miguel de Pablo. Introducing our three judges scoring from ringside. From Las Vegas, Nevada, Adelaide Bird, from Bergamo, Italy, Guido Cavali. And from Noank, Connecticut, Don [Applause] Trella. And introducing our referee in charge, our third man in the ring, Tony Weeks. All right, fans. Here we go. 12 rounds of boxing for the WBC Lightweight Championship of the World. Introducing to you first, the challenger on my right, fighting out of the red corner, wearing black trunks with green trim, fighting out of Moreno Valley by way of Oxnard, California. He weighed in at 144 and 12 lb. He is undefeated in his campaign in the ring with an outstanding record of 35 wins, no losses, 29 big wins coming by way of knockout. rank the WBC number two lightweight world contender. Here is the former WBO featherweight and junior lightweight champion of the world. Introducing the undefeated challenger Mikey [Music] [Applause] Garcia and his opponent across the ring, the defending world champion fighting out of the blue corner on my left. He is wearing red trunks with gold trim. Haley from Pakorita Montenegro. He weighed in the same as his opponent, 134 and 12 lbs. He also is undefeated. His record stands at 18 wins, no losses, 11 wins. Coming by way of knockout tonight, making the first defense of his title. Please welcome Montenegro's first and only world champion, the newly crowned and undefeated WBC lightweight champion of the world. Introducing Dehan Dynamite, the teacher in charge. Once again, now to give instructions, we have Tony Weeks. Okay, gentlemen, you both received your instructions in your dressing room. Okay, right here is good. Aim through low. Right here is good. Aim that's low. I want a good, clean fight. Obey my commands at all times. Above all, protect yourselves at all times. Let's go. [Applause] They are both undefeated. Latigan is the WBC lightweight champion. Can he fulfill his promise and knock out Mikey Garcia or will Mikey become a three division world champion? [Applause] So teaching him wearing the black, wearing the red and gold, wearing the black and the green is Mikey Garcia. Garcia's favorite punch is the jab. And he said he's going to use it in abundance. And he needs to in order to keep off the smaller man in the more compact puncher inhan and a right hand down the middle that momentarily backs up Staten. Nike's throwing that check. It's a sharp jam. He's also pulling it out there to try to gather engage the range of Slatein. Slatein very powerful hooks. They come on the inside and Mikey wisely puts his left glove by the temple of his head to avoid getting belted with anything. under a minute has elapsed in round one. [Music] And the jab that stunned Satan in Garcia is scoring points with that jab. He's thrown about 10 or 11 jabs and we haven't even gone through 90 seconds of round one. And a straight left that misses, but Garcia body in coming in. is a very precise counter puncher when he needs to be. Satan threw a right hook, but he missed. He got nothing but air in the reach advantage is clearly favoring Mikey Garcia and he's using every bit of it so far through the first two minutes and the chance of Mikey that are raining down here at the MGM Grand Garden. [Applause] using his jam, continuing to fluster Dan Latigin. Latigan's only thrown one or two powerful punches that had a chance of finding their mark. [Applause] [Music] And you'll hear from Robert Garcia. He says, that means 30 seconds. Maybe he wants Mikey to really turn it up as we conclude round one. Nice jab followed by a straight right down the middle as Mikey [Music] Garcia has found some success with his jab. basic fundamentals for Oxnard's very own Mikey Garcia through round number [Music] [Applause] [Music] one. Doing good. Okay. But you got to stay a little bit low. Okay. Listen. When you walk straight in, you got to move your head. Okay. Breathe. Okay. Keep your hands out. How do you feel? Shots. Good. No. Listen. As long as you stay low, stay low. Stay low. Okay. And then move your hand. [Music] Make sure you keep your hands up. [Music] Make sure you hands up. Hands up. Hands up. Okay. When you throw big shots, make sure you watch your balance right away. Make Maybe don't stay in front of them. Make sure. Okay. [Music] Let's go. Come on, you're fine. Just give me a little bit more. Round number two. Mikey Garcia and Gayhan Slatin through round one. I give Garcia the first round. Now Saticin coming in more aggressive, but he's he's flatfooted. He's not moving around with the same ease as Mikey Garcia who's fighting on his toes. Mike using his distance extremely well and he backs up Satic with a straight right hand down the middle. Satigan trying to drop his levels as the corner Jose Benz was instructed to him. An uppercut that misses as Mikey turns around Satigan. That is the brilliance and the intelligence of Mike Garcia. And now he continues to go after it. A jab, two combinations, but a straight left over the top by Latin. 60 seconds remain in round two. [Applause] Mah continues to use his jab and now we saw him throw in mix in an uppercut and a left hook to the body and Satan on his chest has to say it into his abdomen. Bring me more and Mikey tattooed him with a shot upstairs. Halfway home round two. Again, the chance of Mikey here at a jam-pack MGM [Applause] [Music] Grand JS are being blocked. Hook that misses and teach him. In order for him to get on the inside, he's got to start jabbing himself. He is waiting for Mikey to make a mistake. Well, here's the thing. Mikey Garcia doesn't make many mistakes. Under a minute to go, round two. So, Satan, it would be wise for him to throw that jab and try to go to the body of Mikey Garcia. And I know you're not going to win a jabbing contest with Mikey Garcia, but you can at least sort of make him respect your jab and then follow it up and place a left hand right over that. No, no, no. [Applause] And so keeps inviting Mikey in, but Mikey is very happy and content to stay on the outside and overhand laps that connected, but Mikey doesn't seem to be faced by it. Final stage is round number two between Mikey Garcia and Dan Satic for the WBC lightweight championship of the world. [Applause] Two of boxing's biggest stars are on a collision course. May 31st, they'll show out on the same card as Caleb Plant looks to dominate Armando Resendis and Jamal Charlo returns against Thomas Lamont. Saturday, May 31st, streaming free for Prime members on Prime Video. And let's take a look at some of the artwork from Mikey Garcia. A hook to the body that took out some of the steam of Deon Latiganin. Mikey got all the torque behind that one. It's Latigan pounding away at his abdomen. When fighters do that, typically they were actually hurt and they're playing possum in that response. And then Mikey threw a jab and a right hand. Boom. Snapping back the head of Dehan Slate. Mike is very smart, extremely intelligent. [Music] the same way. [Applause] Breathe. Okay. Okay. [Applause] [Music] Keep doing the same thing. Cover up your right hand when you throw the hook. Round three. Dehance Latigan and Mikey Garcia. I gave the second round to Mikey. He's ahead two nothing on my early scorecard now tie up. Now for Don Latigan it is a 13-hour 5minute flight from Montenegro to get here to Las Vegas. People are actually up around 4 in the morning watching this fight. And Montenegro known for having famous soccer players, but Statigan is trying to become even that much more of a household name in Montenegro and also become a household name here states side in the sport of boxing. [Applause] Mikey Garcia going back to fundamentals as we've seen in the first two rounds. It's the jab followed by that straight right down the middle and we're seeing a mixture of the left hooks as well. But Slate in is flatfooted. He's trying to get on the inside. He's bending his body, but in the process he eats a couple of jabs and he's not throwing anything. That's not going to serve him well by any stretch of the imagination. A hook that misses by Garcia. [Applause] And Garcia with the left hook. He is doing some work and and really emphasizing the body punching in the first two and a half rounds. Satan and swinging wildly, but again, got to see it gets out of the way and keeps the center of the ring. For Mikey, he wants to remain centered. And no, I'm not talking about anything psychologically or if you went to a psychologist. The center of the ring is Mikey Garcia's friend. So, he can use his distance to his advantage for a slate. And he's got to find a way to press Mikey against an uppercut. Oh, it's the hurt. The right hook puts him down. This one is over. Oh my goodness. Mikey Garcia has become a three division world champion. Now this is actually we hope that's Lion and he's being brought in. He is out cold. He is out cold. The jubilation on Mikey Garia. That is a way to make a statement. But Satanin is still he's breathing now, but the doctors are checking on him. Mikey Garcia. Oh my goodness. There's a reason why there was so much excitement. There's a reason why there was this this hope that Mikey would return to the sport of boxing and continue to rise and be the superstar that everyone felt he could be. Well, look at tonight, January 28th, 2017. He was a star, but oh man, Mikey Garcia is without question a superstar. And now Deon Latiganin is been he is being administered oxygen by the doctors with the Nevada State Athletic Commission. That was a vicious knockout. 36-0, 30 knockouts, three division world champion. He will join the ranks of Floyd Mayweather, Rudio Chavez, Alexis Arguo as by putting the WBC lightweight championship around his race. Commission commission. Hey, bro. [Music] He was asking if they keep the pugs or not. He asked the commission. He asked Mauricio Sullean, the president of the WBC. And now it's Latigan. They take off the oxygen mask and it looks like to be responding well to the ringside positions here. This is something you do not want to see. But every precaution is being taken care of. And the Nevada State Athletic Commission, one of the best commissions in the world. And now Satan will come up and the fans cheer him. He's a warrior. He's a gladiator. and he just got caught in devastating fashion against Mikey Garcia. Now he rises to a still that that's a wonderful sign and I know that he's probably visibly disappointed. Tom Bennett, the director of the Nevada State Athletic Commission right there. Is he a translator? [Music] [Applause] That's great. That is absolutely fantastic that Dehan Staten is is standing up on his own power. Robert Garcia will go and throw his head on the back. His train rose better embraces [Applause] him. And I know Mikey Garcia is waiting to pay his respects and the doctor clears him to go over to Don Latig and Robert Garcia. and Jose Benovitz both cutting off the gloves and Robert doesn't have to do that but that's the kind of guy he is he's such a great human being as is Jose Benovitz nothing but sportsmanship between the two it was a competitive trash talking as I would like to say from Satician and now they they hug that's a wonderful sign that is absolutely beautiful [Applause] This is the hurt business in the sport of boxing. But thankfully Slatin and we're going to take a look at this vicious knockout. Mikey started it off with the jab and the uppercut, the right uppercut and almost put him away. Slatein got up to his feet and then he got blasted by a right hook that knocked out Slatein unconscious. We'll see it again. He avoided the left and the uppercut came. Boom. Right there. Vicious stumbling around was latigian. He got his legs under himself for a brief moment, but in that process he remained upright. Mikey saw it and connected with death. Good night, [Applause] Dejan. Taking a look at another angle. He missed the straight left and then Mikey saw the opening as he had his head down connected with the uppercut. Slate in a way to try to avoid being knocked to the canvas was stumbling around almost used the ropes and turned around. Didn't have his hands up and got caught with that power shot. Devastating. One of the most devastating knockouts you will ever see. We're looking at the accuracy as Mikey the head down of Satin caught him with the up the right uppercut. He was moving around trying to gather himself and Mikey wouldn't allow him and put him away with the right hook. That already is a candidate for knockout of the year. Another world championship to add to the mantle. another world championship to add and further his legacy. Mikey wants to fight frequently and often. Now, here's Jimmy Lennon Jr. Ladies and gentlemen, we have the time of 2 minutes 21 seconds in round number three. He is the winner by way of knockout. He is still undefeated. He is now a three-weight division world champion and the new WBC lightweight champion of the world, Mikey Garcia. That's right. Two of boxing's biggest stars are on a collision course. May 31st, they'll show out on the same card as Caleb Plant looks to dominate Armando Resendis and Jamal Charlo returns against Thomas Lamont. Saturday, May 31st, streaming free for Prime members on Prime Video. Welcome back to the Laredo Energy Arena here in Laredo, Texas. It is main event time here on FS1. Ray Flores, Sergio Mora, and Jordan Hardy. Let's take a look at our tale of the tape brought to you by Corona Extra who reminds you to find your beach. Sergio, take us behind the numbers. Benedictus, a younger fighter here at 20 years old, 61, 167 12 lbs. They're both pretty similar in size and weight and in everything, but in ferociousness, that's where they're going to be very, very similar. Now, let's meet our main event combatants. We'll send it to our ring announcer here tonight. Here's Miguel Flores from the Laredo Energy Arena here in Laredo, Texas. Premier Boxing Champions now features the main event live on FS1. 12 rounds in the super middleweights division. The three judges ringside. Rick Crocker, Ruben Cardone, Perry Hillen, and the referee in charge, John Shorley. Introducing first out of the red corner, wearing blue and black. His professional record stands 37 victories, 31 by way of knockout, opposite of seven losses from San Louis Rio, Mexico. Introducing the former title challenger, Roelio Porky Medina. Across the ring, his opponent fights out of the blue corner, sporting the red and gold. As a professional, 17 bouts, 17 victories with 16 of those by way of knockout from Phoenix, Arizona. Please welcome the undefeated David Elander Roa Benz. [Applause] Okay guys, this is the WBC title eliminator. Give me a good clean fight commands. Protect yourselves at all times. It is main event time. An opportunity to fight for the WBC Super Middleweight Championship is on the line. David Benvitas at 20 years of age is trying to become the first super middleweight champion, the youngest, and he can do so by going ahead and getting a world title shot opportunity. And now we are underway. David Benvdas just 20 years of age. Can he get the most emphatic victory on his resume against Pori Medina? Medina is trying to once again fight for a world championship. Then wearing the red and the gold, wearing the blue and the black is Medina. And don't blink as both combatants like to finish their fights early. Yeah, they do. Both these guys start off real aggressively. Remember you've seen Medina pinning the undefeated Benitas against the ropes. And that's what he needs to do because he's the veteran in there. He's the one that's fought for world titles and given world champions everything they can handle. Give this young kid everything he can handle. And for Roelio Medina, 29 of his 31 victories have come inside the first four rounds. So he doesn't like to make it a long night. Does Roelio Medina. Starting off strong with his jab, but he immediately goes for that hook. And that left hook has put away many people, including Jane Leon Love a couple of years ago in Las Vegas. Benadas has uh put a lot of people away. He hates going the distance. This is his first scheduled 12 round fight. So, Medina should really be focused on going the distance and not just starting off real fast. And also on the opposite end for David Benabidas, 12 of his 17 knockouts have come inside the first two rounds. So, both guys don't like to necessarily extend their evenings. They don't get paid by the minute or hour. You can take out your opponent, take him out, go home with a paycheck. Good job there by Benvdas. when David Benabidas has sparred with some upper echelon world class and world champions ranging from a right hand that caught the attention of Roelo Medina for David Benvdas he sparred with Gennady Golovkin he sparred with Peter Quillin just to name a few of the guys that he's been inside the gene with and he actually prepared Golovkin for his world title opportunity and his world title defense against Daniel Jacobs not only that but he sparred Kelly Pavick and Latifique Coyote. I mean, this is a guy who's been fighting and spotting a lot of guys ever since he moved and started training at the Wildard Gym and under Freddy Roach's troop. And Roelio Medina starting off with some hooks and he finds a right hand goes to the body. David Benovita started boxing at the age of three. He was in the gym at the age of five. And a big right hand that backs up Roelio Medina. Backs him up. But you see he tried to do a slide overhand right there. So with these with these veteran sly sneaky veterans, you know, you really got to watch out every single time. Under 20 seconds left in the first round. David Benvdas coming off a win over Charali back on January 28th in Las Vegas. We got a barn burner here in this WBC super middleweight eliminator between David Benitz and Roelio Medino. Round number two comes your way. This is the PBC on FS1. [Applause] Two of boxing's biggest stars are on a collision course. May 31st, they'll show out on the same card as Caleb Plant looks to dominate Arando Resendis and Jamal Charlo returns against Thomas Lamont. Saturday, May 31st, streaming free for Prime members on Prime Video. Back here in Laredo, Texas, Roelio Medina, David Vanitz. There you see in the corner, Jose Cabayto. Let's take a look at the keys to victory for the man known as Porky. Well, Porky may have a funny name, but he's tough as hell. He needs to get respect early in this fight. Benedictas doesn't like going to the distance. So, he gets respect early. He's in good position there. He needs to get inside, bang the body, use his jab, smart uh fight smart late. And the nickname Porky comes from his childhood. He used to be a chubby kid and kids called him that and it sort of stuck. And you know, we'll get into details about David Benitas. But a big reason why he decided to turn pro was because of fitness and Jordan Hardy has some of that story later on in the broadcast, but right now through the first round, Sergio, how do you have it? Well, right now they're both trying to establish themselves. They're both pressure fighters and it's like it looks like they're fighting each other in the mirror because they have similar styles. They're looking for the same punches. And Roa, which means red flag for Benvdas, he sees red every time he's in the ring. He wants to actually go forward and push the fight like a bull. But right now, he's backing up because he respects Medina. He respects the power. He's respecting something in there. It must be the veteran abilities that he has. And David Benvdas, one of the members of his team happens to be Samson Lucitz. And Lucitz went ahead and discovered Manny Pacquiao and then Sergio Martinez. They were eight years apart. Benvdas now is eating some shots to the body as we're getting the shot. Back comes an uppercut there by Medina and Benas answers back with an overhand right there. I like what I said what I see by Benitas. He exploded with those shots right there. Usually he's a precise power puncher with single heavy shots right there. He showed a little bit of speed and accuracy. Benvdas did. Medina Medina's arm is stuck on the rope right there. And John Shley momentarily halts the action. and Sergio. They are starting off here in the second round and they are throwing with venomous intentions and a nice jab snapping the head back of Medina by Benvdas. These are two bad ombres like they say. But uh slowly as soon as this fight starts progressing, we're going to start seeing the bond burden that is expected from these guys cuz it's in their temperament to fight like that. They know no other way. A nice left hook by the 20-year-old out of Phoenix, Arizona. David Benvdas turned pro at the age of 16. Now, you're probably asking, how is that possible? Because you can't turn pro in the United States until 18. Well, that's because Benvdas went to Mexico to start the first two years of his pro career. He said, "Look, I had my amateur career, but I was ready to transition into being a pro already. Only 15 amateur fights for David Benvitas." I think this is the first time we've ever seen Benvdas actually back up and be against the ropes fighting against the ropes and he's fighting really well against the ropes to tell the truth. I like what I'm saying fighters. Roelio Medina trying to suffocate Benvitas but Chvidas has a tight guard and Medina goes to the body but Benvdas is willing to oblige and throws a couple of hooks of his own. Final moments of this second round. The action is intensifying here in Laredo, Texas. David Benvitas had a left hook there. Two left hooks to end three left hooks. It has been left hook city in the final moments of the second round between David Benvdas and Roelio Medina. This is the PBC on FS1. Two of boxing's biggest stars are on a collision course. May 31st, they'll show out on the same card as Caleb Plant looks to dominate Armando Resendis and Jeral Charlo returns against Thomas Lamont. Saturday, May 31st, streaming free for Prime members on Prime Video. This is the BBC on FS1. Jose Benovitz senior, the father of David Benvdas talking with his 20-year-old son. And here's from a second round. Sergio, right there, Medidas going to the body. But I I love those combinations off the ropes right there because I didn't expect that from Benvdas. Usually he's more of a plotting pressure fighter coming forward putting on all the the aggression, but right there he's fighting well against the ropes. But hey, listen, Medina is fighting hard as well. They are both testing each other. David Benvdas and Roelio Medina. Let's take a look at the keys to victory in terms of what David Benvdas needs to do in order to be successful tonight. Benedictas needs to be himself, apply that patient, steady pressure and double hook to the body because he has that vicious left hook to the body. But Medina is used to fighting guys with vicious left hooks to the body. So double it up and maybe turn into an uppercut afterwards. And this one is scheduled for 12. Benovitz has only had a total of 44 rounds as a pro, 124 less than Roelio Medina, who has 168 rounds, especially having gone 12 against James Deale last April. All the better resumes on Medina's part, but Benitz looks in pretty good control right now. I love that jab that he's throwing. It's a smart power jab and that's what I think that uh Medina should have done. I mean this is a fight where both these guys are very aggressive but a jab is actually going to pick points up and win the rounds. And a left hook there and Roelio Medina. He realizes he is in there with a young man who has a promise. But back comes the man known as Corki and David Benovitz seems to be content at the moment here to counter punch. Yeah, he should because he's timing Benvdas his power. See, that's the thing about the jab right there. Uh, you got to you got to throw different type of jabs. You got to throw the throwaway jab, the the the fake jab, the slow jab, the power jab. Benvitas was just throwing one single jab. And Medina being a veteran caught on to that. And now David Benvdas is picking apart Roendio Medina. And Medina now is going backwards, but he answers back with a straight right down the middle. Here we go, guys. This is what we expected from these two tough tough fighters. This one is eventful here in the third round. Both guys are going at it here in Laredo much to the appreciation of the fans here in South Texas. And a nice left hook there to the body by David Benvitas. But Roelio Medina has his chin or he had his head on the chest of David Benvitas not letting him use his reach advantage. not only the reach advantage but the youth, the size, the strength and even the speed cuz the faster fighter here is Benvdas clearly but Medina relying on the toughness and timing which is what a lot of these tough plotting fighters do. Good shot there to the body by Benvdas there. I like what I'm saying. And he came upstairs. David Benvitas, the man known as Elander Roa, which means the red flag. And that single, it symbolizes danger. But I don't think the white flag is coming out anytime soon out of Roelio Porky Medina. Not at all. We got two bulls fighting in there tonight. And David Benvitz and Roelio Medina fighting for an opportunity to compete for the world championship. And Medina is picking it up and swarming David Benvdas. And that is the end of the first round. And Benvita smiles to Medina to say, "Okay, I'm enjoying this." And now standing by with more are the 20-year-old upandcoming super middleweight sensation. We will send it to our very own Jordan Har. Great. Thank you. Benovitz fights at 168 lbs, but would you guys believe me if I told you that 5 years ago he fought at 250 lbs? He told us it was hard to find competition in his age group and weight class. So at 16 years old, he and his father made a decision to drop that weight to get him to where he is today. In one year, he with a dedicated diet and intense training. He lost about 80 lbs. He's been able to keep the weight off. And he said he feels good and strong at 168. And he actually has no plans to move up, not even to 175. What do you guys think about that? 13 years old and 250 lbs. I think they should call Benvitas Porky. Well, we will see and maybe he can garner that moniker if he's able to finish off Roelio Martina who has only been stopped three times in his professional career in 44 bouts. Round number four, this one scheduled for 12. Now, the winner of this fight will fight the winner of Derell and Smith who will be fighting for the vacant WBC Super Midweight Championship. You're probably wondering how is that so? Well, Bondu Jack decided to vacate the super middleweight championship after his draw with James Dale and move up to 175. Therefore, there is and a nice right hand stinging Roelio Medina. So, 168 is vacant. It'll be Derell and Cal Smith fighting for the world title and then the winner of this fight will fight the winner of that contest. Benvitas just landed some big shots that would have hurt anybody else if it wasn't Porky Medina. I mean, with 16 knockouts in 17 fights, Benvdas is not used to guys taking this kind of punishment. I mean, he took some big shots at Medina. And he's keep he keeps coming. [Applause] 55 seconds have elapsed in this super middleweight main event. BBC on FS1 for Sergio Mor Jordan Hardy. Make sure to use the hashtag on social media PBC on FS1. And join us in the conversation on social media. Nice jab by Dave Benas, but Roeli Medina continues to try to walk him down and is looking to throw punches in bunches. [Music] [Applause] See right there. Right here. I would like to see Medina use an angle, but that's not in in Medina's style. It's not in his repertoire. He just likes to go forward. Take two, three punches right there. He's hurt with hand followed by a left hook and David Vanovas may have Roelio Medina in some trouble. And an uppercut and Medina, how is he still standing? He has taken a ton of abuse and he moves forward. Wow. He took an uppercut took his head off and John Shirley is watching Roelio Medina. This is incredible to watch. It really is. Damn near decapitated Medina. Medina still coming forward and he's throwing punches. Roelio Medina has an iron shin because that uppercut and the punches that Benitas is throwing at him would put down anybody. and going back down to the body like a veteran. I mean for a kid that's only 20 years old 17 and0 he's going down to the body not getting eager. Good shot there by Medina the sly veteran trying to catch the youngster off guard and Benvita smiled at him and Sergy you know that is an indication that a fighter was buzzed or hurt at the moment and Benas but credit to him he had Medina hurt but he did not he was not a rat and now followed by hooks. Look at this work by David Vanovitz with his back on the ropes. Oh my goodness. A seven punch combination. This is why they believe so much in this 20-year-old sledgehammer with a right hand. Oh my goodness. This is special. This is brutal and beautiful at the same time. Medina, we expected this from both fighters. Incredible. And that ends the fourth round. You want two warriors, two handles. Well, they are battling here tonight in Laredo, Texas. This is the PBC on FS1 with everybody standing here in [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Laredo. And we are back here. I have to regain my breath, ladies and gentlemen. David Benavdas and Roelio Medina. My goodness, what a round. Sergio, let's take us through some of this action if we could keep up. I'm out of breath myself. This is incredible what we're watching. Even though it's only a one-sided fight, one-sided round. The toughness. You got to just admire the toughness of Porky Medina. He took some vicious shots. Shots that would put any human away, let alone this man. This is incredible to watch. He really is. David Benovitz is really in a big time dog fight so to speak between Dave between him and Roelio Medina. David Benovitz is hoping to punch his ticket to a world title opportunity and he's looking to succeed and get past Darren Van Horn who was 22 years of age and 8 months when he won the super middleweight championship in May of 1991. And you know, Sergio, that David Benovitz is looking at the likes of Travante Davis, who is a young sensation who just defended his world championship out in England over Liam Walsh, has to say, "Look, I can be a young 20-year-old and become a world champion myself." You ask me if he has the potential of being something big in boxing. With performances like these, as soon as people watch that, you can actually do stuff that that's the speed that he has, the power that he has, he's going to gain a popularity easily. And his combinations are just so crisp. Everything is straight. Very rarely does he throw looping punches. There is a reason why Abel Sanchez, who is the trainer of Gennady Golovkin, gushes over David Benvdas. He says that David Benvdas could go as far as he wants. And we're seeing evidence of that here tonight. He remains poised and you don't see poise in a 20-year-old. Usually you see recklessness. You see a little bit of abandonment, but not with not with him. I think he's really really investing a lot of people tonight. And you know what? Credit to Medina, too, because Medina's taking some hellacious punishment in there, but he still keeps coming. He's trying to win. If you're Roelio Medina, if you are in his corner and Jose Cavayto, are you telling him, "Look, you weather the onslaught in the fourth round. Now, let's take this young man into these quote unquote deep waters and drown him." Absolutely. Because this is Benadita's first scheduled 12 rounder. I mean, he might be getting winded, too. I mean, he landed some big shots. He's throwing combinations. This is the most throws that I've seen him ever seen him throw. Maybe maybe that's what Well, actually, not maybe. That's exactly where Medina's corner should be concentrating, taking him into deep water. Under a minute remaining, round five. You are watching the PBC on FS1. This is a super middleweight eliminator. The winner will go ahead and buy for the right to compete for the world championship. It will be Dell Smith fighting for the vacant title. And then the winner of this match up will fight that winner. And a big right hand on the side of the head of Roelio Medina. Back comes the 28-year-old. Oh, good shot there by for Medina to the body. Sneaky little body shot, but even better right hook by Benovitz. Three sledgehammer straight right down the middle that have found their mark for David Benovitz. But Roelio Medina is to be undeterred. Mono a mono here. This is the epitome of two tough numbers. What a slutfest this has been through five and we are going to see a sixth round. Two left hooks by David Benovitz, but back comes Medina. Two of boxing's biggest stars are on a collision course. May 31st, they'll show out on the same card as Caleb Plant looks to dominate Armando Resendis and Jeral Charlo returns against Thomas Lamont. Saturday, May 31st, streaming free for Prime members on Prime Video. Sergio, if you are for David Benvdas, how imperative is it for him to not overextend himself and save some in the tank? No, I think he's doing the right thing. He's poised. I've already said that he's already showing some some uh maturity. You know, for a guy as young as him. Usually, you want to knock your opponent out early, especially if you're landing the punches that he's landed. But he's showing some poise, and he's fighting like a veteran, going behind the jab, dictating the pace, not letting Medina land anything big. And when he does land something big, he comes back with a flurry. Very smart from Benvdas's part. Well, the last time that David Benvdas went the distance, it was back 3 years ago. So, he has not necessarily seen the judges scorecards. All but one time has David Benvdas. January of 2014, a six round matchup. And if we see a conclusion of the sixth round, that would equate that particular affair. David Benvdas wearing the red and the gold, wearing the blue and the black. Is Roelio Medina through five rounds. Sergio Mora, how do you have the fight scored? It's all Benvitas, but I'll tell you what, Medina's in it as far as will and heart and guts because this I mean he's a type of fighter where he knows that he's going to put the pressure on weight. So, the early rounds don't really matter if he's giving him away if he's planning to go to the distance. on Roelio Matina and his girlfriend. He says that you know he is fighting for obviously he wants to win a world championship but they realize that they are expecting a child in the next few months. His girlfriend is 7 months pregnant. So Roel Medina is fighting for his newborn that is on the way in just two months. And there's a difference between a fighter that's fighting for money and a fighter that's fighting for pride and still trying to remain relevant. Right now Medina doesn't look like an opponent. He doesn't look like a guy that just showed up to collect a paycheck to support his family. He's looking like a a fighter that wants to become a champion and shock the world. My feet continues and those left hooks and you know David Benvdas is aware of that. A big right hand backing up Medina. But Medina seems to be wearing down just a tad. Sergio. Oh, he should. He's throwing everything. I want the kitchen sink. you know, when you're throwing those punches, not only that, but it it demeanes you a little bit because you realize, man, I'm used to knocking everyone out. This guy's not going anywhere. And that takes the spirit out of their fight, even though you're winning every single round. It takes a spirit out of you. David Benas told us in the fighter meetings yesterday. He wants to make a statement and knock out Roelio Medina. He has done all in his arsenal to try to do that. But it would serve him well, Sergio, don't you think, to try to go to the body of Medina? right now. You know what? It was serving well. Just catches his energy. Get the keep the momentum because right now he doesn't want to get momentum away. Medina is still coming and plotting forward trying to land those big shots. And it only takes one shot from a puncher like Medina. Both these guys are punchers. It just takes one shot to turn things around. Left hook by David Benvdas. Under 40 seconds left. It is a family affair when it comes to the Benvitas clan. Jose Benvdas senior trains his younger son but also Jose Benvdas Jr. is a former 140 lb titleist. He is the older brother by 4 and 1/2 years of David Benovitz. Closing stages, two right hands. And now Medina with his back against the ropes. He is throwing the shot. This is a heavy onslaught by David Benovitz as he is pouring it on Roelio Medina. A big right hand. John Shirley watching it. David Benas is trying to make a statement and finish off Roelia Medina with the Medina Pen with the right flag. And now John Shirley is going there. It's a knockdown. Medina not happy about it. Here's the reason I'm saying they should stop this because Medina, even though we know he's going to take this onslaught, it's for his own benefit. The corner really needs to look into Medina's into Medina's eyes and his soul. Does he really want to stay into this fight? You are watching the PBC here on FS1 in the corner. Jose Cavierro, the blood streaming from the right side of the nose of Roelio Medina. What do you think is going on right now? Are they making an assessment on if he can continue? Man, this is brutal to watch. This is brutal to watch. But I'll tell you what, he's nodding his head not because he wants to stop the fight. He's nodding his head because he's telling his corner, "I don't want you to stop this fight. And as we see some of the work from what John Shirley called a knockdown. It was those shots behind the ears. They throw your equilibrium off. That shot straight a little low, but it was still on the belt line, but he's just landing everything he's throwing. I mean, Benvdas is a puncher and he's landing 90% of his punches here. Incredible. Round seven scheduled for 12. David Elandera Roa Benabitas is trying to extend his knockout and his stoppage streak to 10 in a row. This would be his most impressive opponent thus far in Roelio Medina. Both of them got up eager to fight both Porky Medina and Bernardz. This should be a good round because they they were really letting they're really letting both fighters want to relax the other one. Hey, are you sure you still want to continue? Benas Medina, this is this is really good. Excellent fight. Heavy right hands by David Benvdas. And now he is sort of, you know, targeting that right hand. He's using it at will. Followed by those left hooks. Big right hands by David Benitas as we saw in that sixth round. Oh, good shot there by Medina. Left hook. And would you believe that David Benovitz has only been a pro for three and a half years, Sergio? Well, yes, I can because of his resume as sparring. You know, he's fought he sparred really good good opposition, former world champions. Geny Golovkin, he he sparked six four-minute rounds with Kennedy Golovkin. I mean, most people can't spar a couple of minutes. He's going four-minute rounds with him. So, he has the experience in and out of the ring. And not only that, the gunman has a veteran's temperament. champ. Seconds left in the seventh round. Roenio Medina has taken big power shots out of the 20-year-old. And Benvdz type defense, an echoing right hand. And now a some blood above the right eye of Roelio Medina. Two straight right hands that bounced off the side of the skull of Medina. At the start of this round, it seemed like Benvdz wanted to take this round off. I mean, he if anyone deserves a round off as Benvdas, but Medina won't let him. Medina's just in his face putting on the pressure and Benvitas is just forced to punch back. And we hope you're seeing at home when David Benvitas lands those right hands. The sweat is smacking off and just evaporating off the head of Medina. That is how powerful those right hands are of David Benvitas. That's how powerful his head is. I mean, he has a he has he has something in there because he's taking some hilious hilacious punishment. And yes, I mean, it's impressive to to admire courage like that, but he's lost every round in my book. And the only thing we're admiring right now is the will to win. And you know what? We all want to see a Rocky type story, but Medina has to show something. He has to win a round at least. He has to land something big. Hurt Benovitz. Final moments of this seventh round. And Medina now has a tight guard, but he could be too great for his own good. And what a stingy locked uppercut by David Benovitz backing up Roelio Medina. And the body shot there as Medina, but he comes upstairs. Look at that. He always has a puncher's chance. And that is that body shot. Sandy Medina to the deck. Medina has to be one of the greatest fighters I've seen in person. Seven eight. Okay. for all the head shots he took. It was a body shot that dropped Medina and he is going back to the corner. Visibly he has his hands over his knees. That body shot really took a lot out of him and it took even more for him to rise up to his feet. Two of boxing's biggest stars are on a collision course. May 31st, they'll show out on the same card as Caleb Plant looks to dominate Armando Resendis and Jamal Charlo returns against Thomas Lamont. Saturday, May 31st, streaming free for Prime members on Prime Video. And now, Jose Karion has got a very tall task. Does he allow Medina to continue? This is a this is a thin line here. You know, as a fighter, I would of course you don't want to stop. You want to continue going. You're not going to tell your corner, "Hey, stop this fight. I'm hurting. That's what you have to fight through as a boxer. It's up to the corner. It's up to the referee. It's up to the judges. These are the the people that need to protect the fighter. And let's take a look at the knockdown here from what we saw to David Benvitas. It was it was an uppercut. Well, actually, it was a shot to the solar plex. It was a sneaky uppercut type shot. Yes, it was right there. Those are the shots that actually hurt you. Whenever you have a guy with a concrete head, take him downstairs because there's no concrete down there in the stomach. He took a great amount of punishment to the head, but it was that right uppercut on the solar plexes by David Benvitas that put down Porky Medina. But Medina comes off his stool and says, "I want to continue to fight." And his elbows are tucked in because he doesn't want to get in with that shot again. All it'll take is one more body shot down anyone near that area to put Porky down again. And I don't think he'll get up after Mal Brady is. I mean, those shots take it out of you. They take your legs. They take your spirit. They take your will and it makes cowards of us all. And David Benitas realizes that he has found a home for those hooks and that uppercut to the body. And you know what? That was extremely crafty out of Benvitas to go ahead and say, "Okay, and another body shot and a left hook to the body." And now David Benas comes upstairs and is trying to bring it into the night of media. What a punch. And down goes Medina. And David Benas has starched Roelio Medina. And now it is Benvitz who will challenge for the world title in the near future. Great job by the referee because the will of this man Porky Medina was not going to relent. His corner wasn't going to stop the fight. Nobody but the referee or the doctor would have stopped this fight. We talked about could he be the next big thing in boxing as he continues to prove and put on performances like this. The answer is emphatically yes. David Benitz has stopped Roelio Media in impressive fashion. Welcome back to the PBC on FS1 here in Larredo, Texas. That is a very happy 20-year-old David Elander Roa Benvdas stopping Roelio Porki Medina. Let's take a look how it all unfolded as David Benvdas took out the 28-year-old veteran. Hit him with everything. I mean, it's just impressive to watch this this performance by Benvita because he fought the toughest fighter he's ever had on his resume. He took him almost a distance. He couldn't put him away. This was a fight that really made Benvdas a better fighter because he knows he didn't have to rely just on power and on pressure. He had to rely on speed, wit, body punches, everything. The jab, impressive win by this young man. The most complete performance of his dossier, David Benitas finishing off Roelio Medina. Let's get the official particulars. We'll send it to our ring announcer here is Miguel Flores. Ladies and gentlemen, the end comes at 1 minute and 1 second into round number eight for your winner by knockout and still undefeated David El Bandetta Rojo. Two of boxing's biggest stars are on a collision course. May 31st, they'll show out on the same card as Caleb Plant looks to dominate Armando Resendis and Jamal Charlo returns against Thomas Lammano. Saturday, May 31st, streaming free for Prime members on Prime Video. Reach going to Omar Figueroa. A bit surprising. He is the shorter man in the ring. Again, Guerrero was the larger man. Looked much larger at the weigh-in. Ready to go now. Let's go to the ring and Ray Flores. Gentlemen from NYCB Live, home of NASA Coliseum here in Unionale, New York. Premier Boxing Champions now features the main event live on Fox 10 rounds in the welterweight division. The three judges ringside are Julie Letterman, Kevin Morgan, and Joe Pasquali. And the referee in charge when the bell sounds, Ron Lipton. [Applause] [Music] I'm Robert the Ghost Guerrero from Gilway, California. Guerrero the southpaw. I describe myself as a fighter, as a boxer puncher. Guerrero wasting no time. Guy who can change directions and do it all. And that may be it. You better be ready tonight because I know I am. Introducing first fighting out of the red corner wearing the red trunks trimmed with the white. his profession record 33 wins, five losses, one draw, 18 wins coming by way of KM. Fighting out of Gilroy, California, he is the former champion, Robert the Ghost Guerrero. [Applause] I am Omar Figeroa Jr. There's an uppercut. Right hand by Figareroa. Laanterita. Left hand. Another body shot there by Figareroa. I'm back and I'm coming to take what's mine. [Music] And across the ring, his opponent fighting out of the blue corner wearing the red trunks. As a professional, he is undefeated. 26 wins, no losses, one draw. 18 wins coming by way of knockout. Joining us from Weslo, Texas. He too is a former champion, Omar Pontita Figeroa [Applause] Jr. of the New York State Athletic Commission. Remind you both now, respect each other. Obey my commands. We're going to keep this strictly professional. Good luck to you both. works on Ron Lipton, third man in the ring. That's Robert the Ghost. Guerrero said he's excited for this fight. Had to go back to the drawing board, use more movement, be more boxer, be smart, and don't go back to my old ways of just coming forward. Omar Vigareroa Jr. Omar, you ready? Back to fighting. Joel Diaz started fighting at the age of seven. His father trained him. Now fighting under Joel Diaz. Their first fight back together since 2014. Last three fights have been with his father. This is round one. Vigora, gray trunks, the red trim, the ghost, and the red trunks, the white trim. They get looks like he's in better physical shape than Omar. You really can't go by that, you know. It's just looks physically he looks stronger right now. Well, Vigaroa told us in January he got up to 190 lb. Yeah. When you don't use those muscles for 17 months and then you just train for 8 weeks. You know, you can't you can't expect to get, you know, sixack in 8 weeks. He was doing exactly what he said he was going to do. But he's going to go back to the hardcore to be the boxer that he was. Uh so far he's showing that he looks very good on his legs so far in and out. Yeah, using the jab. Quick one, two. Omar already has a little mark over his left eye using that jab. I spar with him a couple times. He usually takes like the first couple rounds off just to try to feel your power and then he'll just start coming off stronger like third and fourth round. That's that's that's what I got from my experience inspiring him. He always does this. Takes the first second round off. Not really off, but just testing the opponent out and then [Applause] are cry right now. He took the weight too quick. He hasn't sweat yet. He seems just a tad slow with his reflex. We'll see how he progresses. There's a combination by Guerrero. We're under a minute here in round one. I know Guerrero said he's going to box, but I don't think he's going to do that right now. He's riding Omar something fight toe to toe. 30 seconds here in round one. You have to give Omar a lot of credit for taking a fight of his caliber after being off so long. You have to really give him a lot of credit. And he realizes he's not in his natural vision. Landing some good man. He took a left hand to the body. Figareroa did. Now as these guys punch on the inside, which is what Figaro would love. That's round one. Good round for Robert back. It's the BBC FS1. Two of boxing's biggest stars are on a collision course. May 31st, they'll show out on the same card as Caleb Plant looks to dominate Armando Resendis and Jeral Charlo returns against Thomas Lamman. Saturday, May 31st, streaming free for Prime members on Prime Video. There's Robert Guerrero trained by his father. Ruben Omar Vigora back in the ring after a nearly 19mon layoff. Said he fractured both of his hands probably about six to seven times. He needed the time off to get them completely healed. Using a good jab at this point. He's landed with it, but he's also using it as a decoy to bring Omar out of position so he can bring that left hand underneath. There's a body shot there by a good body punch. I think people underestimate that a lot. This is a fight on the inside. There's an [Applause] What a change in this fight. It's all junior all of a sudden turned it on this fight. He sure is right in front of him. [Applause] Here's an uppercut junior. [Applause] Round two. Keeps raising his head. This is why punches. He needs to stay down low his legs and stay down and active and then come back up with his punch out his head. See, he's coming back up with his head and just leaving it wide open. Number of uppercuts by [Applause] Figaro is not looking good here. It's not looking good at all. [Applause] Fin round two after getting dropped a couple of times. How does this guy over Figaro didn't even look right in the first round and then comes out in the second round just turns up the heat. I told you I told you he usually takes the first two rounds off and then he comes on strong and that's exactly what he did. He took the first round off. He came on hard the second round and he forced Robert into his final immediately. Here's the first knockdown. This is where he wanted. Look at that uppercut. Guerrero never sees the punch. He never saw the punch. He stayed there in that one spot too long. He never shifted over. So, he got caught with punch. The same thing on the opposite side coming up. He's not doesn't even have his eyes on Omar right now. He doesn't see anything, but Omar's got his eyes right on the target. There we go. [Music] And here come the last knockdown. And The doctor wants to take a look at Robert Barrero. [Applause] Keep in mind we're under the unified rules of boxing. There is no three knockdown rules. Once again, fight is used to this kind of fight. He's losing sight of his hands. Again, if you watch his eyes, he's got his eyes off his hand. So, he's susceptible to the shot that's underneath with the [Applause] uppercut. He's still right there. He needs to take a step back. He needs to take a step. He needs to take a step. He's still stationary. This is motorcycle. [Applause] There's another way Junior can't get away from he can't get because he's not looking for what is going. He's got his eyes in the directions opposite of where he should be. That's all he does to see the punches coming. That's Omar's fight right there on the inside [Applause] [Music] short. Away from the rain for nearly 19 months, Figaro Jr. stopped Robert Guerrero who has now lost three straight [Music] fights. Joel Diaz's trainer gives him the congratulations. I would say those hands are perfectly fine. What a performance by Omar Figarola Jr. first time back here in about 19 months. Said he was at 190 lbs back in January from just enjoying himself. Wanted to make this stop at welterweight, but he said, "Listen, after this fight, I'm going down to 140. I can't be a lightweight champion and not be a champion at 140 as well." Well, it remains to be seen. I mean, he just been a top welterweight. Sure. Robert has lost his top the last four fights, but he's still somebody that you have to get through in order to prove that you belong in the division. So, time remains to see if he's going to go back to 140, but an hour performance. Well, when we come back, we get the official time of this topic. Omaro Jr. with those uppercuts stops the ghost. It's the BBC here on FS1. Two of boxing's biggest stars are on a collision course. May 31st, they'll show out on the same card as Caleb Plant looks to dominate Armando Resendis and Jeral Charlo returns against Thomas Lamman. Saturday, May 31st, streaming free for Prime members on Prime Video. As Omar Vigareroa Jr. making his ring return after 19 months. And oh, what a return it was as he stopped. Robert the Ghost Guerrero drops him five times. This is round two. It was couple of knockdowns there and then of course in the corner and then that was the third one there in that round. Round three again in the corner again the uppercut. Watch that right hand in the left. The body shot. Omar Vigareroa Jr. man, he's a ghostbuster. How about that? Throwing 185 punches. Landed nearly 50% of his punches as he gets the stoppage. There's the family. There's the wife and and kids. Listen, his younger brother is fighting a little bit later on tonight. You can watch that fight on FS1. But what a successful return from Omar Figareroa Jr. Let's get the official time of the stoppage. Here's Rick Flores. Ladies and gentlemen, here comes one minute 34 seconds of the third round that we charge. Ron Linton waves off the B for your winner by seven to go knockout and still undefeated Omar Berita Figeroa Jr. [Applause] Two of boxing's biggest stars are on a collision course. May 31st they'll show out on the same card as Caleb Plant looks to dominate Arando Resendis and Jamal Charlo returns against Thomas Lamont. Saturday, May 31st, streaming free for Prime members on Prime Video. Now, when they weigh in today, uh you see that Leo Santa Cruz uh went up a bit more than Abner Marus. He'll have a little bit of an edge there. The other physical edge that Leo Santa Cruz is definitely going to try to use in this fight is his height and reach advantage. It helped him in the latter stages of the first fight. And speaking of the first fight, we thought we would go back and take a look at some of the numbers from that first fight that shows that numbers to demonstrate what happened. Santa Cruz won the battle of numbers and that's part of the reason why he won the fight. Embedded in that 373 punches landed, 31 punches per round for Santa Cruz. That's 16 over the average number of punches landed by featherweights. And the other number of note, 219 landed by Mars. That's the most power punches he has landed ever in a fight. It is a rivalry born out of mutual respect. It's time for the rematch between Leo Santa Cruz and Abner Mars with the official ring introductions. Here is the inevitable Jimmy Lennon Jr. [Music] Ladies and gentlemen, we welcome you to Staples Center as Premier Boxing Champions presents the featured bout of the evening brought to you by Ringstar Sports in association with TGB Promotions and Showtime sponsored by Corona Extra, Lasera Masina and Kasanob Tequila, the Noble Pursuit. This vow is sanctioned by the WBA. The president helmetto Jesus Mendulsa. The supervisor is Robert Mack along with the California State Athletic Commission. The chairman is John Carvelli. Executive Officer Andy Foster. Introducing to you our judges scoring from Ringside. From San Francisco, California, Renante Donco. From Riverale, New Jersey, Steve Weissfeld. And from East Los Angeles, California, Zachary Young. Introducing our third man of the ring, the referee in charge of the action, we have Thomas Taylor. All right, fans, here we go with the main event of the evening, 12 rounds of boxing for the undisputed featherweight championship of the world. And now, ladies and gentlemen, in attendance and boxing fans joining us around the world, live from Staples Center in Los Angeles, it's show time. Introducing to you first on my right, fighting out of the red corner, wearing white trunks with gold trim, fighting out of Los Angeles by way of Laara Halisco, Mexico. He weighed in at 125 and 3/4 lbs. His record 31 wins, two losses, and one draw with 15 wins coming by way of knockout tonight in his 11th world title appearance. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the sensational three-way division champion of the world. Introducing Abner Mis and he's a across the ring on my left fighting out of the blue corner wearing gold trunks with black trim. Also fighting out of Los Angeles, he by way of Mitch Kong, Mexico. He weighed in at 125 and 12 lbs. His record 34 wins, one loss, and one draw with 19 wins coming by way of knockout. Tonight in his 15th world title appearance, ladies and gentlemen, here is the renowned three-way division champion of the world. Introducing Leo [Music] Elmoto Santa Cruz. And once again, here's our referee in charge now to give instructions, Thomas Taylor. Right here, Leo. Exchange flags. Got flags. All right, gentlemen. And gave your instructions in the dress room. Belt line's good here. Belt line's good here. Protect yourselves at all times. Listen to my commands. Touch them up. Back to your corner, gentlemen. One of the best young referees in the sport. Thomas Taylor will oversee the proceedings in this featherweight title fight. Leo Santa Cruz looking to solidify his standing as a top dog at 126. And Abner Modis would like to become a champion again at featherweight. Ready? You ready? The bell and round one. Leo Santa Cruz and gold with black after Modus and white with gold. Their first fight was hotter than Los Angeles asphalt. We are now embarking on the road to a repeat or revenge. This is round 13. And in the first fight, Abner Mars rushed out, went right after Leo Santa Cruz, and probably won the first round or two, but he felt like he burnt out and smothered his punches. We don't see him doing that here in this fight. Well, there is no feeling, no process between these two Mexican American warriors. And already a volcanic eruption from the crowd here in Los Angeles as bragging rights for the Southland are at stake. Couple of good shots landed by Santa Cruz. Landed a couple of good left hooks out of both of them landing inside. Nice uppercut by Abner Mahrez. Mars wants to be a different fighter when he is the the disciplined boxer puncher. Abner Marz is much better than we have Mars the brawler with wide punches. And the jab is vital for Mars. And Mars using the jab to close the gap. And there's a double jab from Santa Cruz. And Santa Cruz utilized a long range boxing with a high output offense. A mix was the key to success in their first fight out. Yeah, very much so. And Mars wants to be a boxer puncher, but he still has to get on the inside where he can land those body punches like that. And Paulie, we saw those different wrinkles to Leo Santa Cruz's game in the rematch against Carl Frampton as things heat up here in round one. Yeah, at a distance Santa Cruz very was very effective against Fanton in that rematch. I don't know if if if Mis is going to allow him to be that effective so or give him that comfort zone at at the outside. Modis does jab with you. situating stuff to begin proceedings here in the rematch where these two have started from where they left off. Al in what was a action-packed round 12 of their first fight and they both said this listen to your feeling. Not quite. Well, like Paulie Malinagi tells us many times, don't believe what the fighters tell us in those fighter meetings. True. Final 30 seconds of the opening round as Santa Cruz looking to utilize that reach advantage, wanting to mark up the face of Mahrez with that pool Q jab, double pumping, but Mahrez coming inside with the right uppercut and another fierce exchange. Morris has found a home for the right hand in several areas, so that's good for him. Very crafted there by Morris. These two warriors popping punches like some of us like to pop bubble wrap. What an opening round. Two of boxing's biggest stars are on a collision course. May 31st, they'll show out on the same card as Caleb Plant looks to dominate Armando Resendis and Jamal Charlo returns against Thomas Lamont. Saturday, May 31st, streaming free for Prime members on Prime Video. We will look at the keys to victory starting with Leo Santa Cruz controlling the distance. He did that in round one. Wants to stay on the outside. Needs when Mahrez does get to the inside, he wants to use good pivots to get away from Mahrez and stay off the ropes. And the right hand, which he landed several times in that first round, is a big weapon for him. As for Abner Mahrez, he's got to jab his way inside now. He landed the jab around more but didn't work his way inside. They want less volume, more accuracy from him. And the double left hook, I think, is a big key for him because he wants to throw to the body but then to the head. Mahrez calls that left hook his money maker. The bell and round number two. According to show staff, Santa Cruz and Mahrez rank in the top 10 in three key statistical categories amongst all active boxers across weight divisions. Al average total punches landed per round, average power punches thrown per round, and average power punches landed per round. All that means is we are in from featherweight Fuego. They're very active fighters, both of them, especially Leo Santa Cruz. Santa Cruz utilizing his jab effectively, Paulie, here at the beginning of round two. Yeah, I think the lead hand is going to be is going to be necessary for both guys. Santa Cruz can establish it. Obviously, gets Mus backing up and landing the followups. But when Mus is jabbing with Santa Cruz, he's able to stop that momentum and actually set up his own combination. So again, another battle of lead hand, sort of like that first fight, but of course in a different fashion. This one maybe a little bit more exciting. Two of the best fan friendly fighters in the sport as action picks up here in the second round and two quality ambassadors for the sport. Mars is strong as right hand in a much more by Mars is strong as right hand much straighter than he did his first fight. What an exchange here in the second round and finally a momentary lull in the action that allows this crowd to show its approbation for these two pugilistic warriors. Mus has to be careful on the out. He's going straight back and a lot of times Santa Cruz is catching him with that right hand on the end. I don't know if it's going to hurt him, but it's going to be scoring shots and they're and they're conclusive shots. Exactly. They clearly are scoring. Santa Cruz trying to establish the jab. Mahrez wanting to navigate that minefield and close the gap. Neither known really for their potent power. Mars told us as much, but Santa Cruz 19 of his 34 victories have come inside the distance. 15 of Mara's 31 wins have come via form of knockout with less than a minute remaining in round two. Santa Cruz a little more um economical with his punches in this fight, but landing at a good percentage. Right uppercut on the inside by Morris. And Morris seemingly getting the better of these exchanges in close pulling. I think at close range MZ may have an advantage with the shorter arms and also he picks his spots well. He's picking, you know, Santa Cruz does deal on him on the outside, but Mis picks his spots well to kind of just be a sniper in there and and take those opportunities. And these are close rounds right from the get-go. And what does I don't I don't uh envy the judges in this fight. What does it say about Abner Ma's character and his mental to successfully come back from a devastating first round knockout loss against Johnny Gonzalez to once again not only become a champion but here by in the main event at Staple Center Los Angeles one more time that was a good round keep doing that right that was a good very very good round [Applause] Okay, in and out side to side. You beat him to the punch. You step around him. After you throw, he's going to throw back. Look, you're fine. You're fine in this. So far, it's good. [Applause] Keep throwing that one and keep moving side to side. Don't let him hug you. Don't let him hug you. [Applause] The bell and round number three. The 126 lb titleist Leo Santa Cruz who ranks in the top three in average total punches thrown per round. One of only three active fighters to average 80 or more punches along with Roman Gonzalez and Francisco Vargas. And they're both throwing about 80 punches a round so far in this fight. Nice sweeping left hook upstairs by Santa Cruz. Leads with another left hook on MZ. And there's that Mis jab again. They don't always The jab doesn't always have to land. What he just did for position by Santa Cruz. Good job by Santa Cruz as Morris tried to escape. And there Santa Cruz lighting up. Mahrez with a one-two combination. Mahrez coming in and running a lift of his own who are now touching the world. Mahrez a galaxy warrior as both of these two proving that well they are what they say they are to paraphrase you know um Mars is landing some left hooks to the body but not doubling at that punch and I think that's something he's going to want to do in this fight. Both men are doing some excellent work in this match. Who does this pace, who does the advantage belong to, Paulie? Uh, at this pace through the first two plus rounds, you know, it's not as crazy of a pace as you think because they're take they're taking their spots and they jump in exchange. They take their spots. My concern here is the I want to see who makes the adjustment because they're both giving each other the same exact look throughout. They're both not using any faints. It's like they're just calm before the storm. They take a break like right here. Nobody faints. Nobody's doing anything. They both just rush in and then Santa Cruz landing a left hook and then they both go back, take a little break and then they both just rush in again. So I want to see somebody start changing the look, gives a couple of faints, changes the routine a little bit. You see Santa Cruz is trying to give some head movement there. He's attempting something. I want to see somebody just changes the philosophy a little bit. Catapult right hand by Mahrez. Closes the gap. Less than a minute left in the third round. Oh uppercut there by Santa Cruz. Syracuse has an excellent uppercut and wants to use it tonight. I think this has been the best round for any one fighter in the fight and it's good for Santa Cruz Morris mixing it up on the inside. Santa Cruz missing with some of those looping shots. Misses with the right cross. And as we come to the end of round three, already 470 total punches thrown. I don't think we've had one clinch yet, but that's an indication Mara is not working on the inside much. It's already a barn burner. Chapter two of the battle of Los Angeles. [Applause] Leo Santa Cruz I thought had a pretty good round three and Mara's got work done. Make no mistake about it. That's the uppercut. That's a a weapon from Santa Cruz. You see him landing a combination there. Leo Santa Cruz hardly ever throws one punch at a time. Now later in the round, I think we're probably going to see an overhand right here by Mars. Yes, he's found a home for that right hand and it has landed on many occasions. Um and and I think that's going to be one of his tickets in this fight. [Applause] Humble in under. The fourth round scheduled for 12. Featherweight Championship match between Leo Santa Cruz and Abner Mades. Santa Cruz recently opening a new auto body shop. Not a lot of body work thus far in this fight. And when it comes to Leo Santa Cruz, he he does love to just utilize that reach and attack the head, but can go the body as well. at the both of these guys being Mexican American warriors can do. They're both good body punches. Mars is we think of it more for this fight and he's going to have to for sure do that. But Santa Cruz as well. Fierce exchange on the inside. A lot of times it's hard to figure out who's winning the exchange. Absolutely. Not a lot lands clean. So you have to see who's stealing on on the other guy. You have to be very careful there. You look at the total punches thrown and landed. Both men working very hard here in this fight. I tell you, it's a lot harder to figure out what's landing. Oh, very much. Yeah, this is not even those stats can be deceiving. Yeah, it's hard to tell in this fight. You have to really and the judges will have to pay attention. Double jab right hand over the top down the middle by Abner Mis again. Mis attacking the body but then clinching with the taller Santa Cruz. Leo Santa Cruz, you know, he's a good defensive fighter. It's not that he's a bad defensive fighter by any stretch, even though he's an action fighter. And even those body shots partially blocked by Santa Cruz. And again, MZ leading the attack going to the body, but then eating a punch or two from Santa Cruz as well. There's a clinch. Yeah, there been a couple. Mars is not working on the inside. He's content to stay on the outside. I'm not sure he can win this fight 100% there. Santa Cruz just missed with a right uppercut. But I don't mind Mis trying that out that approach. Take picking his spots, landing a combination, and then clinching to prevent Santa Cruz from bringing back his own shots because when Mis tries to escape, he goes straight back and gets hit on the out. So as opposed to stepping straight back after the combination, you probably prefer Mis to stay in and smother, right? But I think he should work on the inside. 45 seconds left in the fourth round. Martz beating Santa Cruz to the jab. Mahrez utilizing his defense, bobbing and weaving, lateral movement. Santa Cruz, the peekaboo guard. Santa Cruz looking for the counterattack on Mars and then just lands that sweeping left hook upstairs with 15 seconds left in the fourth. Good stuff through four rounds as they exchange punches leading up to the final bell of the frame. Two of boxing's biggest stars are on a collision course. May 31st, they'll show out on the same card as Caleb Plant looks to dominate Armando Resendis and Jeral Charlo returns against Thomas Lammana. Saturday, May 31st, streaming free for Prime members on Prime Video. Marz stepping in trying to work the body and there he does work the body very effectively, but has to worry about the counter punching of Santa Cruz. Now, that was a very effective sequence for Abnner Maharez and that was an example of good work on the inside. You got to keep with the one two with the one two. He's trying to come in and then hold. You don't open up. Don't open up. You don't need to. You can beat him. Just with that jab, you're more intelligent than him. Do your fight. Do your fight. [Applause] The bell in round number five. There have been hundreds of outstanding fights here in Los Angeles. Promoter Tom Brown compares this to the classic featherweight showdown between Bobby Chicone and Danny Lopez at the Sports Arena back in May of 74. Both went on to become 126 lb champions. And this rivalry continues to cook here in round five. We heard Jose telling his son to stay on the outside, use the jab. And that's exactly what he's doing, mixing in the right hands and keeping Marz on the end of his punches. And Santa Cruz having success from long range. Yeah, good start to this round for Santa Cruz so far. See stoking. He's looking for that entrance. And Mahrez, one knock, Paulie. He'll he'll try to bash that door down. Yeah, I think though that Mahrez, you know, he's thrown a lot of jabs, 177 jabs, but I don't think he's committing to that punch to to double it and work on the inside after that punch. I think both these guys use the jab more so in a way to set up the combination combination. They don't use it on its own a lot of times just to dictate the distance and dictate. And I think that's a mistake for Mars cuz that's what Robert Garcia wanted him to do. So many way different ways you can use the jab, but it seems like these guys are both using it for for one one uh situation only and that's to enter the pocket to throw the combination. A minute and a half remaining in the fifth round. Santa Cruz with lands the jab. Mahrez lands the counter right hand and then eats a right hand from Santa Cruz. Mars wanting to collect data trying to time and disrupt the rhythm of Leo Santa Cruz. A minute left here in round number five. S and Marti that one two combination attempt by Santa Cruz. They had many clashes of heads in the first fight and both men were cut. We've not seen any of that in this fight because they've been at long range mode. This round has been controlled and dominated by Santa Cruz. And in throughout his career, Mahrez has been a walking blood donor clinic because of those cuts that he's acrewed. 30 seconds left in the fifth round. Mars swarming Santa Cruz. [Applause] Final 15 seconds of the fifth. Mahrez not as active offensively in this round. And again, it's because I think Santa's been able to utilize that reach of boxing with Mahrez with a looping left hook. Two of boxing's biggest stars are on a collision course. May 31st, they'll show out on the same card as Caleb Plant looks to dominate Armando Resendis and Jamal Charlo returns against Thomas Lamont. Saturday, May 31st, streaming free for Prime members on Prime Video. Of course, these two triple crown champions we saw justify win the Triple Crown earlier today. Two Thorbreds and Featherweight going at it here in round number six. You just did Sports Center. It was always a dream. That was good. You know what's good, Al, is watching Leo Santa Cruz and Abner Mes in this rematch here at Staple Center and here in round six. What has impressed you the most from Leo Santa Cruz, Al, as far as putting the leather on him? The last two rounds, he has really controlled the distance and and has used his jab and straight right hand as his father recommended. Paulie, what do you like from Abner Matis thus far? You know, I like that when he picks his spots, but he just has to pick a bit more of them. In the rounds that he's losing, he's not picking enough spots to try to force his way inside. See, right here on the inside, he does some good work in there. You know, put some nice combinations, doubles up on the hook, uses the uppercut, and then sometimes he goes into these walls on the outside. I think at times he's trying to draw Santa Cruz into giving up his height. Santa Cruz does a pretty good job of not doing that, though. When he's on the inside, when he's on the inside, Aaron Morris is not working like he should. Maybe he's not doing enough damage, but he's getting a lot of the better of the exchanges when he does get inside. I think again the initiation of the clinch is more to prevent Santa Cruz from winning the exchange if he get off sort of in a Oh, good counter left hook by Santa Cruz. Marz wanting to work the body, but again putting himself at risk in order to close the distance out. using a lot of lateral movement and not if you're going to use the jab to work your way in. You're going to have to set yourself, use the double jab, then move in. Beautiful jab from Santa Cruz that pops Morris head back. But all that does is get Morris into the thick of this exchange. And again, I was saying before, nobody's changing the look and nobody's using faints. I think it's more important for for Modis to to really use those faints and whatnot because he's got to be more creative to try to close that distance cuz Santa Cruz can sit back at this distance. It's up to Mus to close the gap in a safe way. Leo Santa Cruz avenging his lone loss against Carl Frampton and what has been two terrific battles. Here he is in the second fight against Abner Mes. Mes tasting defeat just twice in his career. Once against Gonzalez as we mentioned earlier and of course in their first meeting here at Los in Los Angeles against Santa Cruz. Santa Cruz is not allowing Mars to land the counter punches. He's using his hyper reach well and getting out of these exchanges before Mars can land a counter. Nice right hand lands for Santa Cruz over the top. And again, that was on the on the exit of Mis. Mis has to be careful with that. [Applause] Mahrez going over the top, but then countered by Santa Cruz with the right hand. We are at the midpoint of this 12 round featherweight championship fight between Leo Santa Cruz and [Music] [Applause] Abner. Leo Santa Cruz has a very fine left hook and even at this range when they're they exchange punches, Santa Cruz can still do a good job. He's one of those tall fighters who could fight on the inside or the outside. And that was a mid-range exchange in which he landed a very good left hook. One and then keep throwing. Okay. Do not go up. You're feeling good. You feeling good? Jab, jab, boom, boom. And you keep moving. Let's go. Let's go. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Round number seven. Leo Santa Cruz started boxing at the age of eight, following in the footsteps of his two older brothers. would love an opportunity to avenge an amateur loss to Gary Russell Jr., another fighter with a claim to 126-lb title. Abner Marta started training when he was nine, had over 120 amateur fights. As we bring in our unofficial score, Steve Farhood, how do you have it after six rounds? Mo, I have it. 5856 Santa Cruz. The first couple of rounds there were a lot of heavy exchanges and I thought Maros got the better of him since then. Santa Cruz picking, sharp shooting, and doing something that's very difficult for fighters to do. He's coming forward, but he's keeping the desired distance while coming forward. And Maris, I think, has to get inside to win some of these rounds. So, 4-2 Santa Cruz got inside there with a good combination. Yes. And Santa Cruz sticks the effective jab, you know, except the Garcia corner. Uh, another jab by Santa Cruz. call them out is to work your way inside. Jab, jab, work your way inside. But I just think it's got to be a bit more creativity. I don't think it's that simple to just push your way in. Sometimes he's going to meet you with shots. I agree with you. But he hasn't really tried that yet. You know, he hasn't committed to the jab. Double it up and walk inside. Big gap in terms of the Yeah. connect. Yeah. And Santa Cruz from the outside. He's landing at a decent percentage. And Abner Mars is having an issue. And Santa Cruz becoming effective with his stick. Oh, right hand by Santa Cruz there. And Mahrez with a looping left hook. That nothing but air. Nice exchange in the inside. Another triple quadruple jab by Leo Santa Cruz. But Mahrez trying to come inside and eats another shot with the with less than a minute remaining in the seventh. Sharp jabs by Santa Cruz there. That will discourage you. That will discourage you trying to come in. Santa Cruz scored with a effective one-two combination as well. 45 seconds left in the round. Come on. Mara is beginning to get tagged by Leo Santa Cruz upstairs with those one two basic but highly effective stuff from Leo Santa Cruz and Mahrez now shoot shining before landing a sweeping right hand upstairs. And the right hand which Mars was landing so effectively early in the fight. That was the first good one he's landed in the wild. Get the punches up. Pull your arm up. Nice exchange to close out round seven here at the Steel Center in Los Angeles. [Applause] You got You got to keep boxing him now. Now use your boxing skills. Now you're boxing. We're still We're winning the fight. So now you start boxing. At the end of the round, it wasn't boxing, it was exchanges. But at that point, a huge margin had already built up by Santa Cruz, and he was still winning these exchanges. Even on the inside, they were having some exciting exchanges, but for the most part, nice right hand by Mars. But for the most part, it was Santa Cruz landing punches. It is a featherweight fiesta here on a Saturday night. convivial atmosphere at Staple Center in Los Angeles. Eighth round between Leo Santa Cruz and Abner Madus. In fact, it's actually round 20 between these two gladiators. And in the last round, Santa Cruz threw 108 punches, going to show stats, and landed 43. That's his high in both those categories. And things are really heating up here now cuz Mara senses the urgency. [Music] He's really trying to walk Santa Cruz down in this round. Let's see if he can do it. And their records past seven. Both very experienced at going a long way. Paulie, how can Marz do a better job of defending that that effective one two combination upstairs by Santa Cruz? And I guess doing what it's doing now would be great, but he continually gets tagged upstairs with that one two. Yeah, he's got to get underneath the number one or number two. He's got to not go straight back. But a lot of times he's not just getting tagged with it with the one two. He's getting tagged with the one two when he went on his way out throwing a combination. So his exit has to be a little bit smarter and an exchange there. We talk about cuts in the past and it looks like Leo Santa Cruz has been cut I believe around the left eye. Yeah, probably I'm guessing from a clash of heads though we don't know that for sure. of course it would be up to the referee to to rule on that. And the last time Leo Santa Cruz was cut, guess when? August 2015 against Abd Mahz, but that was over the right eye due to a head clash in the third round. And why did all that happen? Because Mahrez is pushing the action and getting on the inside. Now, I'm not saying he's supposed to. The clashes of events is how you're supposed to win, but the fact that that's a fight. That's what he needs. He needs a fight and he needs to be in here right there and work. Santa Cruz though digging away to the body on the inside. Under a minute left in the eighth frame. Lead right hand connects upstairs for Santa Cruz. Mahrez swarming Santa Cruz but smothering his offense now. Trying to create some separation but Santa Cruz trying to wrestle his way back to the center of the ring. I don't know if Abd Mars is winning this round, but it's the first one in a while which he has tried to impose his will and work on the inside. He's trying to be trying to at least be a bully in there, right? He's trying he's doing that. You know, showcasing his hand speed, but not landing a lot of those punches. 15 seconds left in the eighth round. Heat. Heat. [Music] Two of boxing's biggest stars are on a collision course. May 31st, they'll show out on the same card as Caleb Plant looks to dominate Armando Resendis and Jeral Charlo returns against Thomas Lamont. Saturday, May 31st, streaming free for Prime members on Prime Video. We believe it was a clash of heads that caused the cut. Um whether the referees ruled it, we'll find out. But there's Mars trying to land on the inside and Mars comes in with they bang heads and that is where we believe the blood started to flow for Leo Santa Cruz. We'll take another look and this angle will be even better as we as they come in. There's the clash of heads and you see some red starting there. Great replay by our talented folks in the truck and on top of that he dabs at the eye. Further proof. I'm an investigative reporter. I when I see those things, I know it. Paul right in the back of that. Ramon Morales, the cut man for Leo Santa Cruz earning his [Applause] keep. If in fact, we'll check on whether the referee moved it. I believe he did. That means if this fight were stopped because of that cut at this juncture, they would go to the scorecards. Leo Santa Cruz waiting the birth of his third child later this year. Abner Mz has taken on a heightened social advocacy role. He refers to his neighbors as family. And again, both of these two highlevel warriors, two of the best representatives of the sport of boxing and putting it all on the line again here tonight. Now into round number nine. Amen to what you just said. If Abby Mars is going to win this fight, he's going to have to win it right here. He's going to have to be busy. He's going to have to throw the body. He's going to have to double with that left hook. And you know, it seems and of course Steve Far is scoring it that way and we kind of see it that way whether the judges do or not. There's just been a long stretch with Santa Cruz using his height and his reach and his boxing ability to get control rounds. Leo Santa Cruz leaking like political documents due to the accidental clash of heads. A minute 45 left in the ninth and Mahrez again utilizing that hand speed trying to disrupt Santa Cruz and trying to score. Paulie. Yeah, he's got to again he's got to be a bit more creative getting inside just the forcing your way inside. You're going to have to go through punches and is going to answer you with punches too. So it's you you want to be there long range right again on the outside. I'm trying to trying to he's trying to sneak in punches and get back out, but he's getting back out just going straight back. And Santa Cruz meets him with shots. And we've been told that the referee ruled a punch. So apparently he didn't see that clash of heads. So that means that should that cut cause this fight to stop. Santa Cruz would lose. So there's high stakes here with that cut. But they've done a good job with it. Adding to the drama of this rematch. You can't tell with these kind of changes landing ahead. No, it's true. Right. Sometimes you can tell, but not in this kind of fight, it's really much more difficult. Absolutely. By doing play by play, my friend. Yeah, exactly. And we Well, you're the best at that. Yeah. Right. And we and we have the uh the luxury of the slow motions to look at it. But and now Mara is just coming inside. And there's the exchange. Beautiful stuff to the body. And Mara landing upstairs. And again, Morris is getting the better of the exchange on the inside. He is right now. And has during this round and a little bit of the last round. And that's the geography he wants to be at. Absolutely. And Leo Santa Cruz has been a little more willing to allow that to happen, though some of it's been made to happen by [Applause] Mars. And again, Santa Cruz, a sharp jab to Mahrez. We head into round 10. Fantastic stuff in this featherweight rematch. Look at these punches. How do you know what's landing? It's crazy. How do the comb box know what's landing? It's crazy. It's a hard jump like this. That was a better round. That was a better round. Much better. Much better. But I still want to see more pressure. I still want to see more pressure. You're quicker than him. Let's go. There's three rounds left. Go inside. Come on, Edner. Put the body inside. I want to see combination and I want to see the jab. Okay, you got to throw the left hook. Let's go. If you throw the left hook, you can knock him out. We're okay, but you got to keep throwing the left hook. Move the waist. [Applause] When he says move the waist, he means pronate that punch and get leverage on it. I love the enthusiasm with the Santa Cruz corner where you throw left hook, you knock him out, but I don't think anybody's getting knocked out this time. This is round number 10. Leo Santa Cruz has an 11th round knockout on his resume. Abner Mahes has no knockouts past the ninth round. And while this crowd may have shown its disdain for our opening championship fight where Jamal Charlo reported the majority decision against Austin Trout to retain his 154 lb title. Many of them have been on their feet throughout this fight. And this is what they came to see. The battle of Los Angeles, the sequel between Lao Santa Cruz and Abner Mades. And Steve has it. Steve fart as it tightening up a bit. I have to respectfully disagree with Jose uh his Leo's dad. I wouldn't be throwing left hooks. I'd be staying outside jabbing and throwing straight right hands. Left hooks open you up tomorrow as his left hook. That's just me though. I I like that as well. I mean, I think distance has favor. That's just you. A member of a thousand Hall of Fame. Coming up on the midpoint of the 10th round and Santa Cruz with a decided edge in head shots landed and yet Abner Mes yet to go down. Mes has been on the canvas three times in his career was knocked down twice by Johnny Gonzalez in that faithful first round. But again, what does it say Al about his recovery? Yes. 5 years ago and he has taken himself right back to the pinnacle of the sport. Good work on to the body by Mars. He landed a really nice left hook a moment or two ago and there's continuing to work on the inside cuz this round is still there for some of the win. And Mahrez attacking the body as he comes in. Final minute of the 10th round. Left hook lands upstairs for Manz on his back foot. Santa Cruz is not using the jab and right hand as effectively in this round. And Mahrez lands a a cuffing right hand over the top. [Applause] 30 seconds left on the clock here in the 10th. But Santa Cruz able to land the jab. And there's a right hand that scores upstairs for Leo Santa Cruz. Again, right here, you got a chance to change the look. You got a chance to faint. And what's happened? The same thing. No adjustment and Mus is the one that has to make the adjustment at this point. We'll find out what kind of adjustments Robert Garcia suggests for Abdis as we head into the championship rounds. [Music] [Applause] We go inside the ropes to show you that there have been a lot of great exchanges in this fight. Uh both men when they are battling away on the inside, they have some excellent exchanges with each other. Um the right hand primarily of uh Abner Mars has been a very effective weapon for him. And on the inside, Santa Cruz, who's a bigger, taller fighter, can fight on the inside and they both have done good work there over the course of this fight. And this is some of the more raw action. This is when Santa Cruz is not on the outside boxing as a typical boxer puncher. [Applause] Two of boxing's biggest stars are on a collision course. May 31st, they'll show out on the same card as Caleb Plant looks to dominate Armando Resendis and Jeral Charlo returns against Thomas Lammano. Saturday, May 31st, streaming free for Prime members on Prime Video. [Music] The championship rounds upon us. Leo Santa Cruz. Abner Mes battling for Los Angeles bragging rights and a piece of the 126B crown. Gary Russell Jr. with a claim to the title. Oscar Valdez with a claim to the championship. But both Santa Cruz and Mahrez feel the victor of this fight should be considered the numero uno at 126. The great stuff is Al that there's an opportunity to unify. There is uh you know Oh, Mahrez is 61 and one in 12 round fights. Leo Santa Cl. They have a lot of experience going this distance and they work hard in the final rounds. Both men have done this in their 12 round fights. Santa Cruz again trying to establish the jab. Mahrez trying to find his way to the inside, attacking the body, then going upstairs. A minute gone in the [Applause] 11th down there when you guys are tied up. All right, let go. Santa Cruz is trying to find that left hook. Yeah, he is on that right cross. So his father maybe did tell him one thing that's good, but I just didn't think he should exchange left hooks. He should do it as a natural outflow of those combinations from the outside. Couple of left hooks to the liver by Mars. Another left hook by Mars to the body, but it's Santa Cruz. And then Mars still delivering shots to the body while Santa Cruz delivering a stream of left uppercuts on the inside. This is fun boxing and the last few rounds have provided us with a lot of action. And before that as well, of course, you know, Eric Morales inducted into the International Boxing Hall of Fame, known for his incredible trilogy with Marco Antonio Barrera. One of those contests came in 126 lbs. There have been some amazing rivalries in this weight class. Willie Pep and Sandy Sadler, but this is a modern rivalry that continues to burn between Leo Santa Cruz and Abner Manz with less than a minute left in the 11th round. [Applause] Mars has thrown nine jabs in this round. That's a mistake. He's getting on the inside, but he would do better if he was jabbing his way on the inside. Yeah, Marz wants to brawl on the inside. Just bully Leo Santa Cruz if he can. trying to shoe shine him with 20 seconds now left in the 11th round and the referee getting involved more than he's had to throughout this fight. And again, Morris just lunging [Applause] in the building for that. Final three minutes of this rousing rematch is coming up. This is the last round coming up. This is the last round. Breathe nice and deep. With everything, don't make the arrow. Keep throwing nice and short. I don't want you holding. Don't let him hold you. He'll never win the fight if you just box him. Never win the fight. This is the last round. This is the one you got to win. Just keep the lateral movement. Don't take any risk. Do not take any risk. [Music] The crowd is in Fuego. The action has been in Fuego. Leo Santa Cruz and after Mahrez with a quick embrace before they try to stop each other in this the final three minutes in the battle of Los Angeles chapter 2. And away they go. And in the first fight, Ed Mars threw 133 power punches in round 12. The third most ever for show stats. He's trying to do it again here. Punches and punches. Santa Cruz and Mahrez rock here in the 12th and final round. Santa Cruz scoring upstairs. Whereas Bizier trying to blister the body with an attack. A withering attack but unable to keep Santa Cruz at bay. He's trying to stay inside and he's eating a left hand and another left hand from Santa Cruz. sticker with that hook to step the heels as he throws it. So he uses Mus's own momentum against him and just enough lateral movement from Santa Cruz to make those lows where Mahrez isn't on the inside. Maybe look for Santa Cruz to try to employ a check left hook as Mahrez comes on the inside. Remember Floyd Mayweather, Richie Patton, one of the more quential check hooks we've seen. And and Santa has done a good job check. gaps he has. There's a sharp jab by Santa Cruz that momentarily stops Abner Manz in his tracks. The blood's still flowing, but it's obviously not going to be a major factor in this fight. It's unlikely they would stop it at this point. It's been another blood and guts battle as advertised. Final minute of the final round. Mes trying to brawl with Santa Cruz on the inside. They continue to attack each other and will 30 seconds left. Regardless of the outcome, Rio Santa Cruz after Madz solidifying their status as two battle action Mexican American warriors. And we talk about all the intriguing permutations that can be made. Could we potentially see Chapter 3? What a fight. [Music] And just like the first fight when they threw over 2,000 punches combined together, they threw nearly 2,000 punches tonight. Al Mars family, you saw them a moment ago hoping that things can go the way of a Mars. We'll see. [Applause] The last round was actionfilled. Both men landing tons of punches. 45 for Santa Cruz, 33 for Mahrez. And this is why they were blasting away on the inside. Not everything getting there, but they were laying it all on the line. A lot of these punches not thrown in exact fashion that they'd like, but a nice right hand by Santa Cruz. And later in the round, again, they're working on the inside. This is the territory Mars wanted, but it's a misnomer to think that Santa Cruz can't work on the inside as well. They kept battling right to the end. Heads banging, left hooks landing, and uh both men showing their grit. In their first fight, Mahrez rallied and won the 12th round on two scorecards. The only round he won besides the first round. in that fight that was scored 117 111 on two scorecards and 114 114 the majority decision win for Leo Santa Cruz will history repeat itself tonight both men threw and landed more punches now let's take a look at the first fight this is revealing in the first fight Santa Cruz ended up landing 373 punches of 154 in the second fight according to show stat 226 of 977 7 for Mahrez. Now we flip to tonight. It's almost an exact replica. 357 for Cruz, 208 for Mars. The numbers that they threw were very similar. I mean, literally a replay of the first fight. [Applause] So, will it be a repeat or will it be redemption? Let's go to the one and only Jimmy Lennon [Applause] Jr. Ladies and gentlemen, after 12 rounds of action, the judges are in agreement. We have a unanimous decision. And here are the score totals. Judge at ringside, Renante Donsko scores the bout 115 to 113. Judge at ringside Steve Weissfeld sees it 116 to 112. And Zachary Young scores it 117 to 111 in favor of the winner of the Battle of Los Angeles. He is the winner of the WBC Diamond Belt. He is now the undisputed WBA featherweight champion of the world. [Applause] Leo Another instant classic, much to the delight of the Santa Cruz family. And it is all about La Familia for Leo Santa Cruz who scores another victory over the always game, the valiant abnorm. Two of boxing's biggest stars are on a collision course. May 31st, they'll show out on the same card as Caleb Plant looks to dominate Armando Resendis and Jamal Charlo returns against Thomas Lamont. Saturday, May 31st, streaming free for Prime members on Prime Video. It is fight night on Friday night. Let's do the time warp again. Fans are back and in masks on this most unique Halloween night. 12-year pro Diego Magdaleno turned 34 earlier this week, coming off a career saving victory over Austin Dule in February. Meanwhile, the 22-year-old Cruz has gone 140 and1 with 11 knockouts since his only pro loss in his sixth pro fight in February of this year. He looked good, defeating Thomas Matis by decision on Showbox. Well, Magdaleno started boxing when he was eight. Had 130 amateur fights, including wins against Mikey Garcia and Saddam Ali. And well, he has come up short in his most high-profile fights to date, dropping title belts to Terry Flanigan and Roman Martinez in addition to a 2019 TKO loss against current lightweight champion Tioimo Lopez. But Magdaleno saved his career in his last fight and he is here ready to show he has a lot left in his proverbial tank. Cruz started boxing when he was eight. He reportedly had 85 amateur fights, turned pro at 16, and yes, just 22 years old, has already had 21 pro bouts. His father and trainer, Esoch Senior, two uncles, and grandfather also boxed. In fact, his grandpa, GMO, was one of the few to be Hall of Famer Deino Quas in May of 1973. [Music] Take a look at the numbers, the tail of the tape for this fight. And one of the key numbers to zero in on is the age of Magdaleno. Mororrow mentioned uh that at 34 he thinks he has something more to offer. But how much did that loss to Timma Lopez take out of him? We're going to find out tonight. And the rules for our fights tonight. No standing a count, no three knockdown rule. Only the referee can stop the fight. A fighter cannot be saved by the bell in any round. If an accidental foul or headbutt causes a fight to end within four rounds, it's a no decision. After four, they go to the scorecards for a technical decision. It's time for the official introductions. Here's Hall of Fame ring announcer Jimmy Lennon Jr. Light it up. Ladies and gentlemen, a very good evening to you and welcome to the Alamo Dome here in the beautiful city of San Antonio, Texas. Premier Boxing Champions presents our big night of action coming your way. And it's all brought to you by Mayweather Promotions, TGB Promotions, GTD Promotions, Santa Cruz Boxing Club, and Showtime. Sponsored by proper number 12, Irish Whiskey. The finest, the tastiest, the smoothest liquid gold in the world. And O'Reilly Auto Parts. Order your parts online at O'Reillyauto.com and get free curbside pickup. This bound to the ring is sanctioned by the IBF. The president is Daryl Peoples. Introducing at this time are judges, all from the state of Texas, Elisando, Ellis Johnson, and Raphael Ramos. Introducing our third man of the ring, the referee in charge of the action, Mark Calloy. All right, fans, here we go. 12 rounds of boxing scheduled for an IBF lightweight world title eliminator. Introducing you first on my left, fighting out of the red corner, wearing red trucks with silver trim, hailing from Las Vegas, Nevada. He weighed in at 134 and 3/4 lb. His record stands at 32 wins, three losses with 13 wins coming by way of knockout. Here is the former world title challenger and veteran standout contender. Introducing Diego to Fuego Maldeno. [Music] And it's a woman across the ring fighting out of the blue corner wearing black shorts with gold trim. Hailing from Mexico City, La Sila de Mexico. He with a true 132 lb. His record stands at 19 wins, one loss, and one draw with 14 wins coming by way of knockout. Greatly ranked the IBM number six lightweight world contender and known as Mini Tyson. Introducing Isak Po Cruz. Once again, referee in charge, Marky. Now to give instructions. We've already gone over the rules in the dress room. I want you to obey my commands at all times. Tempo. [Applause] Okay. Gorge. These are a little high. Gorge right here. Okay. Chuck and Referee Marlo Oi, a 13-year veteran working his 294th professional bout. Kicking off this fourfight fiesta on pay-per-view from the Alamo Dome. Esso Cruz in the black and gold trunks. Diego Magdaleno, red with silver trim. And boy, that name Diego Magdaleno rolls right off the tongue. He's hoping these punches will roll right off his body. And this is exactly where we thought this focus match would be. Cruz throws [Applause] 68. Six seven eight. Diego said they're too comfortable. He was taking too much shots. He had to move. And in just the opening 30 seconds of the first round, Magdaleno goes down to the canvas for the 11th time in his career. And we have Fistic Fireworks to kick off this fiesta cruise out. [Applause] Magdaleno may be known as Fuego, but it's Esau Cruz who is in Fuego tonight. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] 52 out, man. A scary stoppage to kick off Halloween night at the Alamo Dome. East Sock Cruz with his 15th knockout. Incredible stuff on display this evening, Al. Yeah, very for this young man who many people believe at age 22 already a six-year veteran is special. And for Diego Magdaleno, if this is the end of his career, a tough ending at 34, let's hope to show a lot more than this tonight. Hopefully, he's going to be fine and and they'll take good care of him. That was Bones Adams in his first fight with Magdaleno as his trainer, and this did not go the way they planned, of course. As for Cruz at 22, he's a six-year veteran and he showed why he is a dimminionative lightweight, but I'll tell you what, he's got power and man, can he throw punches to the body. Abner, well, I mean know I was really looking forward to see uh what Diego was, you know, going to bring in with having Adams in his in his corner. Um but unfortunately, you know, well, no, not unfortunately. You know, it happens. Sakru, he's the younger fighter, the shorter fighter. I thought he was going to well, he he did what he had to do. He got to he had to go in there and throw bombs and that's what he did. And um what a performance from Isak Cruz. I was impressed. Only 22 years of age records his 20th victory is now 150 and one since his lone defeat. Take a look at the first knockdown. This came so quick out of the gate. Magdaleno got to a place you don't want to be against Cruz on the ropes. Cruz is very good at mixing his body, his attack to the body and the head. Normally lands half his punches to the body. That was the beautiful uppercut that sent Maleno down. And you know, Mageno, as you pointed out, Maro has been down many times in his career. So, you get the feeling still at this point he could get himself back together and and maybe still make things work. But and we take a look at it again. The first knockdown and you'll see how it happened. Uh working from a good distance, Abner, it was the first round. I think Diego got too comfortable. He said, "You know what? I'm I'm going to feel these punch. I'm going to take his punches and see what this kid has." But unfortunately, he had power and and took Diego out. Yeah, that was the first knockdown. And then here is where we'll see the end of the fight, the bodywork. And again, the uppercut of Cruz. You know, I thought Magdaleno's uppercut was going to be a weapon in this fight. Turned out Cruz's was much more effective and uh and he sent Mag Plano down and that was that. Well, that's the that's the punch you throw right right when you work the body especially to the side. You make that opening out and that's what he threw the uppercut and it was there. Beautiful punch. Esau Cruz known as Mini Mike Tyson showcased that vicious uppercut. Hey, another Mini Mike Tyson known for his vicious uppercuts known for being a player here in the 130 lb 5-lb division. that named Jvante Tank Davis. He headlines tonight against Lao Santa Cruz. But Esau Cruz adding his name to the mix. A lot of young guns at 135. Let's make it official with the one and only Jimmy Lennon [Music] Jr. Ladies and gentlemen, we have the time of 53 seconds of round number one. He is the winner by way of knockout. He is the winner of the IBF lightweight world title eliminator. Esau pit boy crew. A family affair indeed and a happy cruise family celebrating a stunning first round KO victory here tonight. Two of boxing's biggest stars are on a collision course. May 31st, they'll show out on the same card as Caleb Plant looks to dominate Armando Resendis and Jeral Charlo returns against Thomas Lamont. Saturday, May 31st, streaming free for Prime members on Prime Video. Two Mexicanamean warriors, both with the same dream, one accomplished, the other still holding on to that last glimmer of hope. Each on the quest for redemption. 2019 brought Andy Ruiz everything. He turned the boxing world upside down. I was just jumping up and down like a little kid. It was my dream, but was humbled 6 months later. Things happen for a reason. I learned from my mistakes, and I'm here now. 50 lbs lighter. Teamed up with a change in mentality, habit, and focus. He's ready to make another title run. I want to prove that I'm capable of doing this again and that I wasn't a one-shot winner. Grieola has shown he doesn't care how many times he gets knocked down. He prides himself on always getting back up. Is that warrior mentality? At the age of 40, Chrisa fights off father time as he holds on to his dream of reaching his full potential. I've been close so many times to the heavyweight championship that it takes nothing but hard work and dedication to be a champion. I'm expecting a great heavyweight showdown tonight. Two heavyweights with a fierce Mexican fighting spirit running through their blood. Wow. This is a fight with their heart. Fight with their coahones. That's what I consider myself. A hard-nosed Mexican fighter. Something will have to give. There it is. Because only one can be victorious. It will be an allout brawl. Andy Ruiz and Chris Area Areola collide right now on Fox Sports PVC pay-per-view. Andy Ruiz once shocked the world. A seventh round TKO of the then unbeaten Anthony Joshua of England. That was in June of 2019. Stunned Joshua with four knockdowns. closed the show on Joshua who was making his US debut but he is now back having turned himself around after losing his title in the rematch to Joshua joining team Canelo Canelo Alvarez and his trainer Eddie Renoso comes in a brand new man let's go to the ring and get ready for the main event with Jimmy Lennin Jr. Well fans, before we bring out our fighters for the main event at this time, I'd like to ask you to rise for the singing of the national anthems. And we begin with our national anthem of Mexico from Mexi Baja California. Please welcome Julio Lopez. [Applause] [Music] Can also [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Mio [Music] Mex. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] And now, ladies and gentlemen, to lead us in the national anthem of the United States, please welcome Grammy nominated singer songwriter Davon Ferris. [Applause] Oh, say can you see by the dawn early light, what so proudly we held at the twilight last gleaming, whose broad stripes and bright stars through the perilous fight. Or the ramp parts we watched were so gallently streaming. And the rockets red [Laughter] glare, the bombs bursting in air. gave proof through the night that our flag was still there. Still there. Oh, say does that star spangle bender and [Music] way or the land of the free and The home of the [Applause] bra. An inspired rendition there. Well done. Great atmosphere here as we now go to the tale of the tape. Andy Ruiz, 31 years of age and coming down in weight, 256 lb, 27 lb lighter than he was in his last fight where he lost the heavyweight championship of the world. Chris Areola, for his part, he's 40 years old, full 6' 3, 1 in taller than Ruiz. That is the lightest weight of his professional career, 228 12 lb. Reach advantage for Areola is slight age advantage obviously for the former heavyweight champion Andy [Music] Ruiz. Andy Ruiz again, he's been at the top. Remember, he was a replacement June 1st, 2019. Jerrell Big Baby Miller was supposed to be fighting Anthony Joshua that night, but he jumped up, took the fight on short notice, won the heavyweight title, 33-2. his other loss to Joseph Parker. That was a very good fight. Close fight. Parker a top 10 heavyweight and he is the former unified heavyweight champion of the world. Obviously Deontay Wilder, Tyson Fury at different times also held belts, but Ruiz was the heavyweight champ and now comes back a new man having turned himself around by joining team Canelo. Canelo Alvarez, his trainer Eddie Renoso in his camp in San Diego. As for Chris Areola, his last fight, he really got after it and he said if he lost to Adam Kovnatki, he would likely retire, but that fight was so action-packed, he was convinced to come back. As you see, breaking records in the heavyweight division for more most punches thrown, most punches landed, and most punches thrown in a single round in round 12. He lost that fight and lost it fairly convincingly. 118 to 110, 117 to a 111 twice, but it was competitive. It was exciting. And again, he comes in 16 lbs lighter than he was that night. He took that fight on relatively short notice. He had a full camp, full camp with Joe Gusen, and Chris Areola is ready to come to the ring for the main event right [Applause] [Music] [Applause] now. Areola has been down this road before. comes in with the Dodgers hat. He's had title shots, comeback fights, but again, the weight he comes in at is of note, 228, the lightest he has ever been in a professional fight. And at the age of 40, hey, perhaps it's a bit late to take full advantage of his superior condition. But for the battle of Mexican heavyweight supremacy, he will give himself the best possible shot. My truth is, I was born a fighter. Win, lose or draw, I come to fight. Marola looked to keep his professional career alive. I fight for myself. I fight for my family. I fight because I love it. He's going to do right now. Oh, there's a right hand. What a punch. I want to be remembered. Oh, down goes Augustine. That's why I'm in boxing. I'm in boxing to be a world heavyweight champion. The Nightmare Arola. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Chris Areola had his first shot at a heavyweight title way back in 2009 against Vital Klitschko. He was stopped in the 10th round. He had a go at it with Deontay Wilder again in 2016 for the WBC belt. He was stopped in the eighth round. He usually gives a good account of himself, but not quite able to become the baddest man on the planet. Here though, he comes back at 40. And again, kind of like Anthony Joshua, who came in 11 lb lighter for the rematch with Ruiz, Areola comes in 16 lbs lighter than he was in his last fight where he went toe-to-toe all action for a full 12 rounds. So, Areola comes in and again giving himself the best possible shot to win against the former heavyweight champ. [Applause] [Music] And there is Andy Ruiz. with his son AJ. He's fired up. And the last time he walked to the ring, he was the heavyweight champion of the world. That was in Saudi Arabia. But he had an idea his time was running out. Tonight, he comes in in top shape. My last fighting I did not do the things that I was supposed to do. So frustrated, cut up, not beat up, but I'm thinking about the next chapter, the next goal that I had to accomplish. You know, this is a new beginning for me. Oh, right. He's always looking for the knockout. I want to prove people wrong. You know, I wasn't just a one hit wonder. Wow. Mouthpiece came flying out of his mouth. It has been all Andy Ruiz Jun. I want to get those titles back. But you got all that knowledge and you don't got no love. You got all that knowledge and you don't got no revelation. Then tell me what you really got through nothing. I could get left with me. I ain't standing with no misery. I prepare a table. What they think of me. It was something that kept feeling me with me. Hey, I ain't got no time to hit my [Applause] car. I couldn't find it in the drug. I was [Music] empty. It's amazing. Andy Ruiz comes in a very different man tonight than his last time in the ring. 27 lbs lighter than he was for that second fight in the desert with Anthony Joshua. He has come to terms with his own failure. He says, "I did not do my part." He wants to make amends to his to himself, to his family, to his fans starting here tonight. He has won so many fans. Lennox Lewis, the way he climbed off the deck to beat Anthony Joshua. Remember, he got dropped by Joshua. Let me tell you, everybody was surprised. I mean, he I thought it was done. kind of thought the fight was done, but he got up and I don't know where he found that power from, but he he exploded with it and he caught Anthony Joshua on the top of the head and put him back down and then put him down again and made Anthony Joshua quit and did it again and again. Good point. Sean Porter joins us as well, Champ. Good to have you down here. Oh, hey. I didn't know you know I was over here. I couldn't tell you. You had like the Buffalo skin pelt wrapped around you. I'm doing what needs to be done. Main event ready to go. It has cooled down considerably here, but it is a beautiful night. The fans are here and we are ready for Ruiz Areola. Here's Jimmy Lennon. Ladies and gentlemen, good evening and welcome to the Dignity Health Sports Park in Carson, California as Premier Boxing Champions presents the feature bout of the evening brought to you by TGB Promotions, sponsored by O'Reilly Auto Parts. Don't ignore that check engine light. Stop by O'Reilly Auto Parts today and let them scan your vehicle for free. And brought to you by Proper number 12, Irish Whiskey. The finest, the tastiest, the smoothest liquid gold in the world. This bow is sanctioned by the WBA, the president, Hberto Jesus Mendula, and our judges scoring from ringside, Dr. Lumemer, Patrick Russell, and Zachary Young. All right, fans. Here we go with a bout you've all been waiting for. 12 rounds of boxing for the WBA World Heavyweight Title Eliminator. And now, ladies and gentlemen in attendance and boxing fans joining us around the world, live from Carson, California, it's time for the main event of the evening. Introducing to you first on my right, fighting out of the red corner, wearing blue trunks with white trim, fighting out of Los Angeles by way of Riverside, California. He weighed in at 228 and 12 lbs. His record stands at 38 wins, six losses in one draw with 33 big wins coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, here is the hardhitting heavyweight warrior, the world ranked contender. Introducing Chris the Nightmare Arola and his opponent across the ring fighting out of the blue corner in this world title eliminator wearing purple trunks with gold and silver trim fighting out of and representing Imperial Valley, California. He weighed in at a ready 256 lbs. His record stands at 33 wins, two losses with 22 wins coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, here is the first heavyweight world champion of Mexican heritage, the current world rank contender and the former unified heavyweight champion of the world. Introducing the new Andy the Destroyer Louise. And the referee in charge now the instructions, Jack Reese, right here. Chris right here. Right here facing me. Andy right here facing me. All right. I can see his belly button. That's the line. I can see you're good. Mouthpiece. Mouthpiece. I gave you both instructions. I just want to remind you, listen and follow my instructions. Protect yourself at all times. Fight hard, fight clean. Good luck, fellas. Jack Reese, the referee. You see the respect from both camps. Tonight's odds are provided by Fox Bet. If you place $100 on the favorite, that's Andy Ruiz. He's a big favorite. You'd win just $2 to pay out 102. If you place $100 on the underdog, Chris Areola, you would win $1,200, payout of $1,300. So again, big favorite Andy Ruiz, who said, "I got tired of the way I was living. I was tired of my own lack of discipline. I asked God for another chance." Said he woke up the next day, a new man. And we're underway. See if he can make good on that. Chris Areola, Andy Ruiz underway here in the main event. We expect a collision. Lenox and Shawn here in the very first round and we'll see how quick those hands are for Andy Ruiz. Yeah, I mean uh Chris Areola is doing the smart thing. He's staying far. He's taking time and moving around, giving himself a little bit more little room. That's what he's supposed to do. You know, Sean, it's funny because you know Chris Areola likes to march straight to his man, but Ruiz fights very well and in protecting what's three inches in front of him. Yeah, we talked a lot about Joe having an effect. what effect Joe will have on Chris. You see right now he's being smart by using the whole entire ring, stepping around and working the jab. He'll work his way up to using all those punches we saw in that record-breaking or record setting fight that he had. Just not yet. Right hand miss from Areola as he tried it. Went over the top on Ruiz. Ruiz on his part had said that look, I know I'm not just going to march in. Good right hand by Areola. Lance to the belly and Ruiz able to throw a combination. He said he's not going to just walk in. He's I'm going to be moving my head. I'm going to be fast with my hands because I'm I'm going to be defensively responsible as I come inside. I think uh Andy's much more agile than a lot of people give him credit for. You see right there, he's able to move his head and also take one step back and make Chris miss. Well, that's what's so surprising, Sean. Right, with Anthony Joshua is that Joshua stepped to him and suddenly boom, boom, like a quick combination from Ruiz. Ruiz has a lot of natural ability and we'll see it tonight. Missing those shots. Areola able to get out of trouble early on. I think that's the defense that we haven't seen in the past from him. Yeah, let's not let's not forget uh um Areola. No, John Ruiz. Yeah, Ruiz is, you know, he hasn't been in the ring for a long time. So, this is like his first round for a couple few months. Good point. December 7th, 2019, the last time in the ring. And again, he was terribly out of shape. And even in that fight, Lenox, he was dangerous. Anthony Joshua never stayed in in the pocket. No, he boxed. He jabbed. He got out of there. I mean, he boxed all the way till the 12th round. You know, most most trainers would say, "Well, step it up. This guy hasn't touched you. You know, try and knock him out." But Anthony Joshua was just trying to get that win. Wow. Hard fast right hand from Ruiz. You see how quick he [Applause] is able to move his head out of danger from Areola. Good head work there and head movement from Andy Ruiz as he probes again with the jab to the body. [Music] It's funny how our view has changed of Ruiz, hasn't it? Look at this combination. After that performance against Joshua at Madison Square Garden, now we expect big things out of Ruiz. Yeah. And you saw we saw Anthony Joshua use the ring box and keep Andy on the outside. So you got to you got to imagine that that's a page that Joe has taken from the book of uh Andy Anthony Joshua in his camp. We see it in the first round. Good first round. Andrew Ruiz very quick and able to land. Two of boxing's biggest stars are on a collision course. May 31st, they'll show out on the same card as Caleb Plant looks to dominate Armando Resendis and Jamal Charlo returns against Thomas Lamont. Saturday, May 31st, streaming free for Prime members on Prime Video. Back live here. And there's Andrew Ruiz. Lennox Lewis again. I think you you painted an accurate picture. He was slightly rusty early, which is understandable, but then Andrew Ruiz looked quite fluid by late in the round. Yeah. Here you see Andy throwing a great body shot. And here's a big right hand by Ruiz. And that's why we're here because Chris can eat it. And here goes the one two by Ruiz. That right hand is fast, Sean, isn't it? I mean, for a big man, a fast right hand. Yeah, it's fast. And we we talk about Russ, but I really wouldn't say it's Russ. It's just a matter of finding the timing. And we he was able to find it right there. Distance, timing, where his man is, all of that. Round number two, you see the punches landed in favor of Andrew Ruiz, 14-6. But again, he hadn't fought for a long time. Hadn't fought since December. Again, he ballooned up to over 300 lb, lost his way, and then found himself by training with Canelo Alvarez and his team. My fault. My fault. It's my fault. We're going to hear Joe Gusen in the corner for Chris Areola. Joe normally with us ringside, but he has worked a full camp with Areola and again got Areola in terrific condition, but you wondered, all right, what are you going to do to actually win this fight against very talented and inspired Andy Ruiz? Good combination there by Ruiz. Wow, they got dram 7 8 gloves. You good? Wow. A stunning development. I tell you what, he got knocked down once before by Anthony Joshua. Came roaring back. He'll have to answer soon. He got caught with a short shot. See the mark on his face. And we can say we've been here before, but he hasn't been here before with Chris Areola. a different animal in the ring right now. Well, Chris should have jumped on him right there because once you get a guy hurt like that, you got to jump on him. But it may be a bit too easy. But I always call those shots the wakeup shots when you get hit because he hasn't been hit. Hasn't been in the ring for almost a year. So, this is his first wakeup shot. This could be a real opportunity for Chris Areola, though. Again, Ruiz has shown to be very resilient. But if you have Ruiz hurt, possibly slightly dazed, a little confused, right? Hey, I'm starting to take over. dropped. But I think he's smart because Ruiz is dangerous when he gets hurt, you know, especially with those flash knockdowns. That's what happened, like you said, with Anthony Joshua. Yeah. And he's fast, so he's going to deliver some some fast quick blows and and possibly catch Pritz. So, I I think Prince is doing the right thing by still continuing to pace himself and allow Andy to walk into the punches like he did that right hand. Yeah, I agree with you, Sean. Areola dropping Andy Ruiz here in round number two at Madison Square Garden after he got dropped by Joshua. He had Joshua on the deck within 30 seconds. Has not happened here. And that's a 10-8 round for Chris Areola. Well, the fact that Chris Areola knows he could hurt him now, I would step to him a little bit. I wouldn't be Oh, again. Ruiz got caught with a hard shot. Now Areola is pounding right hands on him. able to move Ruiz back again. Andrew Ruiz is going to have to be a little more forward. Areola looks very strong in this round. Ruiz able to back out and get away. But Areola, he made a point there at the end of that round. That wasn't just a fluke freak knockdown. He earned that win in that round. Listen, he gave him some energy in that [Applause] round. Get relaxed. Get relaxed. That was nothing. Don't worry about it. [Applause] little bit of water. Let's go. Spin it up here a little bit. Getting you with the left and then with the right. Oh, it was a situation where, you know, Ruiz had his left hand down and Chris Areola came over with that right hand and hit him on on top of the head. And I think the other thing that Chris has in his arsenal right now, he's able to counter punch uh Andy and we'll see it in that's just the first knockdown. Oh, the final 15 seconds. You see him? Hey, he's just going for it. He's going to find some moments where he's just going to go for it. I I think that was more almost more impressive than the knockdown was that he was able to straight up against Ruiz, answer him, hurt him, and drive him back. Listen, he's still got to be smart because Andy is fast. Anniey's got power behind those fast hands. Oh no, is hurt again. A counter left hook from Areola. Areola drives Ruiz back again, that time with a right hand. They're trading and Areola's getting Oh, Ruiz is hurt again. And he's they're letting it fly now. All action. Areola able to hurt Ruiz with a hook and a right hand. He just found some timing and he's f he's he's got the right distance behind that right hand. This is amazing. Tell you, Andy Ruiz is going to have to come up with a different recipe. Absolutely. He's just he's just getting beat at the right distance right now from Areola. And he's and he's doing the same thing over and over. He needs to switch up the attack. Yeah. Walking in behind the the fast hands, but that's not going to do it. Right now, Chris has got the right range and distance, and he's being patient. And he's he's looking for it and when he sees it, he's releasing an unbelievable right hand right now. And Ruiz is coming in too straight. He needs to be moving his upper body a little bit more. Agreed. Ruiz trying there with the jab to the body, able to land, but he's a little more tentative now because when they have both let it fly, Chris Areola has gotten the better of it. Good hook by Ruiz. But this is a different Andrew Ruiz. Look, he is stalking right now. And he was able to stalk against Joshua in that loss because Joshua was dancing. But in the first fight, remember he was counter punching against Anthony Joshua. Yeah, because Anthony Joshua was doing was doing most offense. He was throwing the punches. That's a good hook there from Ruiz able to hit Areola. Talked a lot about Chris Areola being offensively and being offensive and not enough defense. But right now, it's Andy who needs to be offensive and then defensively aware of what's going on. Wild fight so far, much more than we expected. Chris Areola is a huge underdog and he's had Andy Ruiz on the deck and hurt in this fight already. I got to disagree with you, BK. This is exactly what we expected. I think we all just thought it was going to be on the other side. Yeah. Well, that's not what we expected. Besides that, yeah, now he drives Areola back. At any moment, Ruiz can pop you and hurt you. His hands are that fast. Sean, you didn't think you'd see Ruiz on the deck, did you? Listen, now I I I didn't know what I was going to see, man. That's why I didn't make a prediction, but but I did know that we were going to get exactly what we're getting. Areola coming in at 228 really showed a lot of preparation and fortitude. There's no question. Giving himself the best possible chance to win this fight. Uppercut there by Ruiz. Able to land with the right hand. Areola landed with his own right hand. Wow. Wild end to round three. Areola says he was not hurt. We're going to listen into the corner. Joe Gusen with Chris Areola. Good. Good. I think you need a little use a little bit more jab. When you back him up with that jab, he he can't do nothing. Let me have some grease on the nose. Very nice. See, you heard him a couple times that round. Okay, here's the kick. What round is it, Jack? Going to four. We're This This is four coming up. Okay. Hey, this is beautiful. It's four coming up. We're just going to keep chopping away at him. You got to keep finding that right hand. Don't loop it so much. Shoot that thing straight. Okay. Get your hands back. I I say use that jab. Two, three jabs. Keep your chin tucked while you're doing it, though. He's going to try to hook off of it or counter with his right. Let's go back, guys. That was some wild exchanges in that round. Oh, Chris Areola came out with a good left hook there. catcher Ruiz and then oh c both of them both of them throwing punches but Ruiz got the worst end of that. I tell Ruiz looked wobbled three times there in that round. That it was it was like he kept running into the stop sign. Round four in a wild heavyweight brawl. Chris Areola in the blue trunks, Andy Ruiz in the green and purple. What we got was back to the game plan from from the corner of Chris Areola. Back on the jab, using the jab and circling until you find that moment again. Sean, what do you think Ruiz should do here as far since a lot of what he's doing is not working. It's got to got to have the bob and weave like Lennux said, find some rhythm and a bob and weave and punch and then use defense after the offense. Lennox, what do you think? Yeah, I think uh Andy Roose definitely should use that bob and weave, slip some punches, but you know, really block that jab. That's what he needs to block that jab and watch out for that right hand coming across and and keep that left hand a little bit higher. And Lyn, you know what we call it in boxing? We call it admiring your work. Yeah. He'll he'll land a jab to the body. He'll land a jab to the head, but he stands there and he gets caught. And you see in the last fight, Chris Areola throwing 94 punches per round against Adam Kovnatki. Again, a very different style matchup. Tonight, it's way down at 40, but you see power shots are landing from Areola. That right hand was able to chop right down on Andy Ruiz. He didn't get the decision throwing 94 punches, but he might possibly get a decision throwing 40 punches that matter. Let me tell you, Chris Areola right now is sticking to the game plan. The game plan is to stay on the outside and throw that jab and catch uh Ruiz coming in. And I think I see an adjustment from Andy's corner going to the body much more than he was in in in the in the three previous rounds. Halfway through here in round number four. Let's go to Larry Hazard. Larry, how do you have it scored right now? I got it even, guys. 28-28. Um, you know, these guys are going back and forth. I think Joe Gusen is telling Areola to just take his time, keep his hands up, and buy his time to try to land that shot. Andy, I agree with um Sean that he has to come in to be a little bit more aggressive and let his hands go a little bit more. And I think that uh you know, he'll he'll be able to pull this uh pull this out a little bit. Um right now, I got him even, guys. Larry, thank you so much. You saw that left hook landing on the top of the head on Areola. outside. Nice sharp right hand as well. That was the hook that landed on the top of Anthony Joshua's head. And Joshua's was never quite the same that night in New York City. Final 15 seconds of round number four. Ruiz has been wobbled multiple times in this fight. He's been down [Music] once. Tries the exchange. Gets out of the way of the hook. Comes back and firing with a right hand and a hook. Areola standing his ground as we end round four. [Applause] Two of boxing's biggest stars are on a collision course. May 31st, they'll show out on the same card as Caleb Plant looks to dominate Armando Resendis and Jeral Charlo returns against Thomas Lamont. Saturday, May 31st, streaming free for Prime members on Prime Video. See this right here? This is how you combat the speed of Andy Ruiz. You punch with him and you punch and you find the spot. And that's what that's what Chris is able to do. Round five and you get the sense that both men have been hurt, but Ruiz has been hurt worse. So, a bit of a surprise with a big favorite in his comeback fight where Ruiz came in much lighter, 27 lbs lighter than he was in his last fight. Seemingly in great condition, in a great state of mind. Chris Areola did the exact same thing. Usurped as the best and most accomplished Mexican heavyweight. Now comes back and tries for another shot at glory and he's made a great account of himself at least so far. Absolutely. I think even at this point doing much more than a lot of people expected. We saw the poll before this fight was Andrew Ruiz uh by knockout. I think 70% 70% of the people out there did not expect this to happen. And I told you he was going to be a lot closer. Chris Areola had that game face on and he looked he looked calm. He looked collected. He looked like he was thinking. So he knew what he had to go in there and do. No, you're right, Lennux. He had he had real clarity before this fight. And he said, "Look, I everyone's hung up on my age. I don't feel 40. I know I am 40, but I don't feel that way." And look, the weight means something. When you come in that much lighter, it's indicative of your preparation. Absolutely. Oh, I think Andy got hurt there again. Big exchange once again. Areola moving his head just enough. Give Ruiz something to think about. Defensively responsible with his hands up and discipline. Shawn Porter fighting a disciplined fight. Yeah, I love this right now from Chris Areola. He's he's pacing himself. He's using the entire ring. You see a game plan in terms of the way he's jabbing and moving around. Then you also see the game plan of him trying to punch with Andy and being able to catch Andy when he's coming in. Good body work there by Ruiz able to land two shots, scoring shots. Again, Larry Hazard has it even. So even with a knockdown and a 108 round, Larry at the very least. Again, he's not scoring the fight officially, but he's got it even. You think the judges could have the same? I don't think the judges have the same. Uh, we never know what the judges are going to do sometimes, but I think this this Oh, big hook there. Good defense. Coughing shot. Yeah, I think he caught most of that oneups. Yeah, Areola tried to block that. Maybe block it with his glove. That is a dangerous shot. Good jab to the body from Andy Ruiz. Chris Areola keeping his hands up nice and high and he's thinking about defense. I haven't seen him get any good shots yet or receive any good shots yet. Final 20 seconds. Crowd here in Carson, California, chanting for Andy Ruiz. I tell you, Andy Ruiz fights are always an adventure. You are entertained. And Chris Areola is not dead yet. Three-punch combination by Ruiz. Caught him with that hook. Areola back slightly shaken, not too badly. That's the fifth round. Let's go upstairs. Carissa Thompson and Mikey Garcia. Thank you so much, Brian. So Areola Mikey a 20 to1 underdog. Why is he having so much success early on? That's uh Joe Gusen's work right there. Um you know Chris is applying what he's learned. He's very disciplined keeping his hands up high with a nice defense and keeping a distance where you're taking away Andy's speed. You know Andy has very fast hands on the inside, but if you keep that distance, you're taking that away. Sean, you made those comments up here earlier when we were talking about what the difference could be. You said it would be Joe Gusen. What does Andy Ruiz need to do to combat this? Well, you know what? Right now, uh Joe Goulen is controlling the beast. And he's taught the beast how to control himself and become a beast when he needs to. Now, what Andy needs to do is understand that this guy's going to unload when I try to. So, he's got to be offense and then defense immediately and stop admiring his work. Carissa Mikey, thank you so much. Round number six. So what's interesting here, what's fascinating is Andrew Ruiz has two losses. He lost to Anthony Joshua in the rematch of course in Saudi Arabia. He also Lenox lost to Joseph Parker who's a 6'4 New Zealand heavyweight top 10 heavyweight but he's never been hurt the way he's been hurt here tonight by Areola even though Joshua's a champ and Parker's a top 10 heavyweight and Areola's hurt him worse. Yeah, I mean he's hurt him a couple times. Wow, fast hands by Ruiz answer and pop back the head of Areola. You know, if you watch Joseph Parker won that fight by staying tall and staying away, and so did Anthony Joshua in the rematch. She boxed like Ali. He wanted to stay away the whole night. And then here's Areola staying in the pocket at distance, but close enough to do damage. Here's here's a good thought. Andy Ruiz, you get off and then you play defense and let and let Chris come at you and then you're able to use those fast hands. We may see a little turn right here in terms of the the the complexion of the fight. Sean, as you're saying that, it looks like he's letting Areola lead a little bit counter. He's much better countering. Exactly. Catching him with a hook on the way in. Ruiz is very fast with those hands, but he doesn't seem to be at his best when he's trying to press the action. But Ruiz is only coming in and he's only throwing one combination and then he's stopping. He's got to throw one combination, then another combination, then another combination. That's a good three-punch combination right there, Lennox. And he comes back, but not immediately. Tries with the body shot. But now, slowly but surely, Andy Ruiz is starting to mount a points lead. We call it getting in and getting out. And that's what Andy has to do. He's got to get in and get out just like he's doing right now. Much better round and much better rhythm from him in this round. But it's I think it's a matter of him being second, not being first, and not walking at Chris the way he's been uh the first half of this fight. Another hard combination punctuated with the hook. But Sean Porter, I think you hit it dead on where it's a subtle change, but allowing Areola to press, throw first, and answer. Come on, man. We see it right now. And he's stepping around. Good body shot there. Areola pressing forward. Still dangerous. Well, Areola's got a lot more confidence coming into this fight. I mean, into this round as well. So, he's he's taken a couple uh uh feet forward. He's moving forward to get those shots in. He should be confident when they've exchanged. Areola's gotten the better of it. It's just that he could be losing on points now as Ruiz is outlanding him and starting to dictate this pace and punish him back. Good hard jab there as we now start to see a little bit of blood on the bridge of the nose of Chris Areola. I think I see a little bit of a Canelo overhand right coming from Andy, too. You see him dip down just a little bit and then he delivers the overhand right. That right there. Right there. That's what he has to do. Mix up the punches. He He throws that overhand right and he comes back with that uppercut. That was a good round for Andy Ruiz there in round six. And there have been some real ups and downs. We're going to go back through this fight and let's start at the beginning. Lennox, here you see uh Ruiz throwing some great right hands. And this is Chris Areola right now catching him on the top of the head and catching him good and knocking him down to the ground. And here he's had some success with that right hand. He's trying it again. Yeah, Chris is buckle he's made him he's buckled his legs quite a few times through this fight as well. But the thing I like and what I love about boxing is one adjustment can change everything. And we saw in this in this last round the uh the adjustment that Andrew Ruiz made using his fast hands and then back on the on his moving a little bit using his defense. We've seen some dynamite exchanges in this fight. Brian Kenny ringside, Lennox Lewis, Shawn Porter, Joe Gusen is in the corner with Chris Areola. Carissa Thompson, Mikey Garcia upstairs, Heidi Androl with us as well, Larry Hazard, our unofficial scorer. And there's been a a real back and forth in this fight. But again, Chris Areola with the knockdown in round number two. And Andy Ruiz starting to let Areola come to him. Has had a bit more success. I like the jab coming from Andy right now, too. He's walking forward, but what's he doing now, Linux? He's walking forward using the jab. That was He wasn't doing that in the first few rounds. No, he wasn't. And you know, he'll have a lot more excessive. He doubles that up. Doubles that up and comes with that combination after a double jab. And the punch differential has been with been been within four punches in each of the last four rounds. So it is relatively close. And even though I thought that was a very good round for Andy Ruiz, you know, again, judges are scoring these fights. And the punches landed at the very least are close. Ruiz with the advantage on the whole as you see in the bottom left part of the screen. There's the punches landed with Ruiz getting the better of him again. 86 96 106. That's not much of a a margin. Areola 16 to 15 not a margin either. Razor close. But again, they're not just tapping each other. They're throwing bombs. Yes. So, it's a matter of what hits you and where and how hard does it hurt you. Even that jab right there, my his back is to me and I it looked like that jab almost took his head off. That's a stiff jab too from Ruiz. straight up the middle on Areola's off broken nose. Combination went to the body with the right hand and finished with the hook. Areola able to reach him with that right hand. Ruiz in a bit of danger. And you see Larry Hazard has the last four rounds all for Andy Ruiz. So that 108 round was the only round that he gave to Chris Areola. I I I respect my elders, but uh but uh but uh Well, what you think another round maybe swings to Areola? Yeah, I I have Areola winning this fight. Really? All right, I think so. All right, stop. I think it's a close fight and uh Areola is definitely doing well. I mean, I don't agree with the the scoring that we just seen. I thought he won a lot more rounds than that. Well, I would say like Ariel's done more damage. Another good three-punch combination. Yeah. From from Andy Ruiz. But again, a judge is scoring it round by round, handing it in. And that's it. And right now, Ruiz, he eats that one, but he is able to land and land with regularity. Areola fires back a hook trying to answer and drive Ruiz back. That's a scoring shot from Ruiz. Good jab to the body. Final 10 seconds. [Applause] We are going to go between rounds back to the corner with Andy Ruiz and his new trainer Eddie Renoso. Two of boxing's biggest stars are on a collision course. May 31st, they'll show out on the same card as Caleb Plant looks to dominate Armando Resendis and Jeral Charlo returns against Thomas Lamont. Saturday, May 31st, streaming free for Prime members on Prime Video. working much better now. Much better. Get some good air here. How are you feeling? There's three more rounds. How you feeling now? You got to really go with everything. Come on. You prepared for this. You worked hard for this. You work too hard to win this one. So do the things correctly break. What you're doing now is perfect. But you got to get in and get out. Do not keep your hands down when you go down. Keep your hands up. Okay. 1 2 three and come out. Okay. Eddie Renoso there in the corner. They like what they're seeing from Andy Ruiz. You see the determination on the face of Chris Areola. He's having a very good night. Don't know if he's winning all these rounds, but he's winning some of them. And he definitely has that knockdown in a 10-8 round. Joe Gusen is getting back into the corner. And we'll get a report from Heidi Androl here in just a moment as we open up round eight. Four more rounds by the I said three rounds. I'm thinking that's four, right? 8 9 10 11 12 five. I'm sorry. Yeah, five. Not three. Definitely not three. Good hook there by Ruiz. Areola is very sturdy. He's eating these shots. Yeah, but he needs to hit he needs to throw some he needs to throw some body punches as well, not just be a head hunter right now. Let's go to Heidi and Heidi. Joe, what did you say to Chris going into this round? Well, I I I told him I said, "Look, you he gave up and gave up some ground on us last round and when we when he gives you that ground, we got to take it and see what happens." We got to give him a little inside work as well. We've been boxing nice, but you know, Andy got hipped to our right hands and you know, he he he kind of has gone on the defense a little bit boxing himself. So, I'm telling Chris, use the rhythm, get some head movement up and down with your style and try to get on the inside and get something done in close. What was your strategy? Is it different? No, it's kind of what I knew. We'd box at the beginning and close the gap at the second half of the fight. We're in the eighth round right now, right? Eight. Yeah, I think so. Very good. Thank Thank you, Joe. Brian, back to you. Heidi, thank you. Tell you what, in that last round, the seventh round, Ruiz out landing Areola by 13 punches. Again, that's by Compubox. So, it gives you a good indication of who's landing. And Ruiz is starting to get the better of it. And now, what happened with Areola with his arm. Kind of moves that shoulder around as if it was hurt. It dropped immediately. So, there is something wrong. Let me tell you, let me tell you. Rice is doing the right thing. He's punching what he can see. And if he can see uh Areola's body, he's he's punching it with a jab or a right hand. This is good. This is what you're supposed to do because it brings down Areola's hands. There you go. Yeah. Work up and down. Areola is throwing that jab at Lennox. I wanted to see was he throwing the jab? Did he hurt that left shoulder? I don't know what exactly happened. That was an odd move. It was odd because he came right back with like a triple jab after that. It's kind of pawing. I wonder if it's hurt. It's It doesn't look very sharp right now, Sean. Yeah. And I got know when a guy puts it out there, usually that mean you see like a a ball player. Where's that arm? It dropped immediately. And and that's the the telltale. Well, you can tell if he's which hand he's going to be using the most, but he's still using the left hand. You know, he he dropped the hand which insinuated that something was wrong with the shoulder, but now he's using it. They just tried a hook there, too, Sean. But I don't It's not Maybe it was a stinger or something. Maybe. Yeah, but it's not really a piston-like jab right now. We're not sure. We'll find out more when we go to the corner. I'm sure Joe is going to ask about it. Final 10 seconds here, but what I see is that Andy Ruiz is now starting to control the range of distance and he's able to get off. This is where the conditioning really starts to pay off. Both men in top shape. So, we're going to go to the corner and let's see if anything is said about the shoulder from Chris Areola. What's that? What's next? Um, I got to tell you, I saw what happened right there. You all right? My wing. I know. Are you all right? Yeah. Okay. Now, it came back quick, right? So, I'm going to tell you something right now. That rhythm was working getting in close, but you've got to Hey, listen to me, Chris. You've got to use that short. All right. So, let's watch what happened here. Exactly. You heard Joe mention it. So, he got hit there. He hit me in my wing. That's what he said. It came back. It just took it a second. But that's that. But what that's a different punch though, huh, Lennon? Yeah, it is from a heavyweight. It's it's almost like a um a dead leg with dead arm, but it's a dead wing. But what what I'm It's a different delivery because it's coming from a heavyweight. That part's a little different, huh? Yeah. All right, we'll figure that out. And I was BK, I'm uh just a little secret. Yeah. Yeah. That that's legal and sometimes it's necessary. you take away a guy's arm, you might have a you might have something going on. Well, you're able to punch straight up. You can't deliberately land back there. That's not a scoring area, but if it happens in the flow, as we see Ruiz open up round nine, popping out a double jab. If it happens, you know, it it happens. And certainly, it just happened in the flow of of the punches there. Let's go back to Larry Hazard and get his scorecard. Larry, how do you have it? Hey guys, after round eight, I got I I got Ruiz ahead. 7774. Areola is giving a good account of himself, but Ruiz is winning the fight. I think that Ruiz is taking control of the fight and I think that he's won. All right. I game round seven. Ruiz outlanded Areola by 13 shots in round seven. I'm surprised there. Yeah, I can't I can't tell if if if Chris is slowing down, if Andy's picking it up and and and his his execution of his game plan is working now. I think I think Andy also realized Sean, you can't just step to Areola, throw shots, and overwhelm him. Yeah, you know, he's just much too strong. He got the better of those exchanges in round two and three. And now that Ruiz is a little more patient, it's coming to him much, much easier. I think even now I think that uh Chris might be a little too patient whereas before early in the fight I thought he had the right pace and I think now he's got to pick it up. And round nine you wonder if Chris Areola he is 40 years old can keep his engine running. Listen, this is championship rounds. He's got to suck it up. Well, you can want to all you want right but he's 40. Another exchange there by Ruiz. Luis again coming in in outstanding condition, 256 lbs, even lighter than he was, 12 lbs lighter than he was when he won the title from Anthony Joshua out of the square garden. And that's going to serve him well here in these last couple of rounds. I got a feeling Andy's trying to put Chris to sleep with the jab to the body and then he's going to bring a overhand right over the top. Stop. Stop my break. Step out of it. Well, Areola has been beaten down in his career, but it's rare to see him just starched. Even Deontay Wilder wasn't able to do that to him. He got stopped, but he wasn't dropped. So, he is a rugged man. There's no question. Yeah. I think if anything, Andy, you you I expect he expected to win this fight, but he knew it'd be a a tough fight in a long night. Stop. He got the early wake up call. That's for sure. I agree. Chris Areola pushed him to the ropes and Andy just hugged him up and and turned him around. And this is what Chris Areola has to do. He has to put the pressure on a little bit. Yeah. Hard body shot there by Areola. And the exchange there. Combination from Ruiz. Ruiz is very good with the jab, right hand, hook. Money shot. A good hard right hand to the body. Ends the round. [Music] Big right hand right there to the body. Keep making those deposits. It will pay off. And then the hook. That's just speed. We don't say it's in slow motion right there, but all that is is speed. One, two, three. One, two, three. That's his go-to combination. Absolutely. That's his favorite combination. Yeah, I tell you what, guys, Andy Ruiz is a very mentally strong fighter. You know, I just I watched him both fights against Joshua again, even though I called both fights, but I watched them again. And what stood out was when things weren't going his way, he didn't go away. No, you know, even when things were not going, it was getting dropped when it wasn't his night, when it was clear, even in the rematch, it was not his night, he never stopped fighting. Now, he has matched his discipline outside of the ring to his discipline inside of the ring. And the ev the evidence of that is him being able to manage things in that fir the first couple of rounds were not easy for him by any stretch of the imagination. Getting knocked down in the second and struggling through the third the third. He turned it around but he turned around with his mentality. That was a big shot. Big hook by Ruiz. No question Sean. He had to wonder, hey, what's going on here? Who's this guy in front of me? This is Chris beating me up. Stop my break. Yeah, but Arola shook that shoulder again. So he must have heard it again. Yeah, not quite the same. jab doesn't look quite as sharp. You see it's kind of pawing out there. It's not badly injured, but it's not quite the same. And what Raise is doing, he's basically punching to the body and then he's trying to punch one over the top or straight in the middle and his hook comes right off that right hand. Lenox, watch your heads. It is effortless. Come bang right over the top as the right hand is still being thrown. If I'm Joe, I tell Chris, stay with me. Stay in this fight. Stay focused. Don't revert back to your old self. just eating punches and trying to deliver your own. Stay responsibly defensively and keep trying to work that jab and those one twos and land another hard shot again. That was another good right hand by Ruiz to the body. Now Sean, I agree with you. You're right. If he just marches toward Ruiz gets chopped up. Now is the time you championship rounds refocus. This is a new fight. Round number 10. A strafing right hand to the body by Ruiz. Wow, he is landing that with regularity. Hey, Linux. That's what people don't know about the championship rounds. You tell me if I'm right or I'm wrong, but it's almost like the fight restarts. Oh, yeah. No, you know, it it's it's down to the crunch. It's down to the last rounds and you need every round. It's and it comes down to the corner as well telling you this. There a right hand. Take a look at the punches landed. You see a wide discrepancy there starting in round seven, round eight, round nine. This one's much closer, but there's three rounds in a row where Ruiz was able to outland Areola by a fairly significant margin. You see how fast those hands are and powerful. Yep. Another hard jab to the body. [Applause] Areola. Areola has kept up his pace though and has kept his engine running. Yeah, he's coming forward now. He has to come forward, but he's got to come forward. Jabbing. jabbing like Joe said, double jabbing. Well, I wonder what they do then, Lennox and Shawn, like what Joe could tell him knowing that, hey, we're probably losing rounds. Like, hey, we're in the fight. You heard him. We're in it, but we're going to have to do a little bit more. There's got to be something you can through do to get through to your fighter. And then that's when the relationship and the connection comes into into play. When it's when you've only been with somebody for a year or two, it may be hard to do. to Ruiz. And Sean, you pointed this out several rounds ago. Very comfortable waiting for Areola to come to him. He just looks much more fluid and comfortable fighting that way. I agree. Okay, breathe nice and deep. You got to relax here, man. [Music] Andy, nothing's happening. Two rounds left. We already made 10. 10 rounds are on the books. There's condition for that and more. We're going to win this fight. You go in and out. Hit him with the jab when he comes in. The combinations in the shoulder. Go for the shoulder. Okay, let's go back to that last round. Lennox Andy Ruiz able to get off these combinations. And here's where you were talking about the shoulder once again. Yeah. [Applause] And here's a good right hand, left hook by Andy Ruiz. You know, I don't know many fighters that just throw, you know, it's kind of the classic jab, right hand, hook, bang, bang, bang. It happens so fast. Listen, the most basic combination in boxing after the one, two is the one, two, three. And Andy Ruiz has perfected that that combination. Yeah, he has. Can you imagine how many times he's thrown that to perfect it? Listen, Linux, I looked over at you. I said, "Yo, the one, two, three is his favorite combination." You looked at me and gave me that look like, "Yeah, that combination might have given me some problems." Yeah. Uppercut there from Ruiz. That's different after the right hand. You see a little swelling on the left eye of Andrew Ruiz. He has taken some good shots in this fight. Chris Areola putting Ruiz down in round two and also hurt him toward the end of round two. Oh, big hook. And he takes the arm again. Areola's hurt. Says, "I'm all right. I can continue." But that shoulder is bothering him. Yeah, but it was a terrific combination by Andy Ruiz. It was one, two, three. Yeah. Yeah. One, two, three. Ruiz so fluid, the fast hands that woke everybody up at Madison Square Garden that put Anthony Joshua down for good in round seven. Listen, I would say around around round eight is when Ruiz settled in, found a rhythm, and he's working it. Oh, right hand spot. Jack Reese says, "Let's go. We're all right. We'll clean up the floor later." Chris said, "Yo, get it together. We trying to work it here." Chris, fix that floor. Chris looked at Jack like he could do something right now. Areola continues to try moving forward. Missed with that right hand. Ruiz pretty good getting his head out of the way. Listen, we talk about championship rounds. I think the number one thing Lennox, you and I know about the championship rounds is it requires heart. And the one thing we know about Chris is he has a lot of it. Oh, he's got a terrific heart. We should definitely look to see him turn it up in these last two rounds. The final minute of round number 11 as his pace has slowed a bit. Still very game moving forward. tries with that chopping right hand again. The one that knocked Ruiz down earlier in the fight. I tell you, even when Ruiz got knocked down, you could tell he just touched his knee. He didn't want to go down. He's just so tough. Just got under that right hand. Step back. Step back. Areola looking for that right hand. I mean, he's throwing it, but he's got to throw something before that. And I mean, you know, I don't think he can throw something before that because he heard his left hand. So, he's just pushing out there. I agree, Lennox. He he pushed out a n right hand by Ruiz. Areola just doesn't not have the snap on that jab anymore. Ever since he got hit uh in the back by Andy Ruiz. Oh, another exchange. Ruiz couldn't unload that right hand to finish it. And we've got one round left. This last round's going to be a stinger. Both guys are going to go for it. Two of boxing's biggest stars are on a collision course. May 31st, they'll show out on the same card as Caleb Plant looks to dominate Armando Resendis and Jamal Charlo returns against Thomas Lamont. Saturday, May 31st, streaming free for Prime members on Prime Video. Okay, look, let me just tell you something. I thought you beat the crap out of him with that jab, that round. I mean, you you got him huffing and puffing. You got him bleeding from the mouth. I'd be sticking that thing down his ass all night long. We got three more minutes. Okay. All right. stopping anything. What's wrong with your left arm? I'm good. Okay. Okay. You [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. Okay. So, no. We're good. We're good. I know. Okay. So, look, Chris. Chris, look. I'm going to tell you something. You got to find that short right hand on him. You got to find the short right hand. If you get on top of him, I don't care. You still got to find it. Do you understand? Yes, sir. Okay, good. Now, here's what I want. I want you to be smart but aggressive. Really aggressive, but really smart. Hands up, chin down. I use that jab and try to find something. Yeah, that that shoulder is hurt. You see the combin beautiful combination. He shakes the arm. It's Jack Reese's job to ask about his shoulder and it's Joe's job and Chris's job to say, "I'm good." Yes, of course. He's not going to say, "Oh, my shoulder's hurt. I can't continue anymore." He's there to fight. Randy Williams comes out firing in the final round. This is a championship round right here. Areola could be in this fight. We don't think so. We think it's wide in favor of Andy Ruiz, but again, he has a knockdown and he's hurt Ruiz several times. Aggressive and smart. We heard that from Chris Areola's corner, but we're seeing it from Ruiz. And Ruiz is so fluid with those combinations and throws hard shots. Now he knows it's round 12. Mutual respect from each fighter. Good jab by Ruiz up top. Areola paws out with that jab. He is unable to get that snapping. Let's see if Areola can get that short right hand in there. Another three-punch combination from Andy Ruiz. Stop. Stop. Nobody punch. And you heard Chris Areola say his shoulder is messed up. See, the thing is about Andy Ruiz, he's just throwing that three-punch combination. That's a natural punch for him. He doesn't even have to throw it with power. He can just use his body to throw. He has such natural snap and weight, right? Absolutely, Lennox. And also the right hand, left hook. There's a right hand cuffing shot right to the ear of Areola. Lands a hook. He Andy Ruiz had to walk through some fire in his return bout from his series with Anthony Joshua. No question. But it looks like he is answering the call. Agreed. And Chris Areola made it a lot more interesting than most thought. Yeah. This has been a great fight, a great night of boxing. Both of these guys, where we at? Almost a minute left. They're both about to turn. It's been non-stop action. Yeah, no question. And it's had, you know, twists and turns. There's been change and switch and strategy. Andrew Ruiz learned that I just cannot walk through this man and he had to change tactics. Had to change his rhythm and it worked for him starting about round seven. Final minute now of the final round. Look at this. Nobody told Chris what time it is. He's got boxes have an internal clock. Here it comes. Here we go. Oh, big hook from Ruiz in a right hand. Let's see if they have any starts left in it here in the final 30 seconds. Oh, let me tell you the noise coming from Andy Ruiz's punches when he throws them. There's power behind that. Thumping shots. Yes, that was a body shot right hand that landed on Areola. He is eating a lot of those shots. Another body shot from Andy Ruiz. This is why we came here tonight. This is why we're on pay-per-view. Final 10 seconds. [Applause] [Music] Well, that's a hell of a fight. Hell of a fight. Great fight. Chris Areola made his mark in this fight. Two warriors. Ruiz had to dig deep to come back. assert himself and start winning rounds. He was getting He didn't just get knocked down early, Lenox. He got hurt a bunch of times subsequently. Yes, he did. He got hurt and he recovered well. That shows that he was in good shape because to recover like that, you got to be in good shape and his legs were in good shape because they held him up and it's hard to hold up so much weight. AJ looks excited but a little concerned. Yeah, as he's getting older now and seeing his dad up there go through it. But I tell you what, that that's a great learning experience as well because it wasn't an easy walk over against a 40-year-old guy. Yeah, that's what I was going to say. And Andy, we're pretty sure you won this fight, but go take a look at this and learn where you got hit, how you got hit, and make those corrections. If you're going to fight for a championship, you can't take those kind of punches. Well, he's always said he always said he didn't he he's not where he wants to be. So, there's a lot more improvement to being there. But, you know, to both your points, he learned midfight, Sean, how often he didn't have to go back to the drawing board. Midfight, he's like, I need to change this equation somewhat. He did. Yeah. And and and and we also have to, I think, contribute that to the corner as well. We know that Renoso is a great trainer. We saw a great adjustment, but almost halfway through the fight. That was great. Let's take a look at some of the copy box numbers. Chris, you know, the loudest booze, by the way, were a bunch of Padres's fans that came in that walked in here. This is Dodger country. And you see the total punches landed. Andy Ruiz 161, Areola 109. He threw more punches, but uh again, that is fairly close. Power punches in favor of Andy Ruiz. Uh look, Areola got in hard shots early. Ruiz's shots, especially later in the fight, were more thumping shots. Lennox Lewis mentioned like you could just hear it. I mean, he was throwing those shots nice and easy. They land on Areola. You could hear them landed. But again, with Compubox, it's not all that wide. It's not into blowout territory. You just get the sense that Andy Ruiz in the second half of the fight was regularly doing enough to win rounds. I got that sense at least, Lennox. How about you? Yeah, absolutely. I mean, you know, you got to give it to Andrew Ruiz. He He didn't take an easy fight coming back. He took a hard fight. I'll tell you, that was an inspired Chris Areola. The weight really told the story as it did for Andy Ruiz. So, be interesting to get the decision. Let's get it right now. Here now, Jimmy Lennin Jr. Ladies and gentlemen, after 12 rounds of action, the judges are in agreement. We have a unanimous decision. Here are the score totals. Judge Bringside Zachary Young scores about 117 to 110. Judges Patrick Russell and Dr. Lou Morett both scored the bout 118 to 109. All three in favor of the winner of the WBA Heavyweight World Title Eliminator, Andy the Destroyer, Luiz. Well, I tell you what, that's a wide margin and it it could be absolutely accurate and perfectly judged, but Lenox, it if you look back on that scorecard, it doesn't tell the story of the fight. You know what I'm saying? I mean, it's much more rugged than a 118 109 fight. Absolutely. Absolutely. You know, they're both warriors and both threw uh some tremendous shots in there. Both wanted to win the fight and uh you know, good showing by both boxers. Two of boxing's biggest stars are on a collision course. May 31st, they'll show out on the same card as Caleb Plant looks to dominate Armando Resendis and Jeral Charlo returns against Thomas Lamont. Saturday, May 31st, streaming free for Prime members on Prime Video. Hyperbole may be the greatest word ever, but it is not hyperbolic to say that this main event should be a bonafide fight of the year candidate. Another instant Carson Classic, the undefeated Luis Ner, the undefeated Brandon Figureroa battling for a 122 lb title. Ladies and gentlemen, the time has come for the featured bout of the evening. Please welcome the boxers as they make their way to the ring. First from Tijuana, Baja California, Mexico, the undefeated WBC super bamweight champion of the world, Luis Pantai. [Applause] [Music] Up until his debut at 122, Luis Ner packed to quite a punch. 24 of his 31 victories ending due to his power, including 11 straight KOs before he moved up in weight and surprisingly changed gears and boxed more than he attacked and now pointing Aaron Alama for the vacant title. taken the 12 round distance for the first time in his career and wanting to abandon his less than aggressive approach against South Paula. His partnership with noted trainer Eddie Reynoso was one and done. Ner back with his longtime trainer Ismael Ramirez and Panta says Figareroa is going to be the first fighter to see how his power really translates to 122 lbs. And one of the interesting things is that five of his last eight opponents for Ner has have been lefties. And here's where that could help him because uh Tigaroa will likely switch and fight a lot of this fight as a lefty. Ner feels like he is faster than Figaroa. Feels that he throws better combinations and he feels like Figareroa has never been in the ring with anybody as tough as Luis Netti. [Music] And now, ladies and gentlemen, joining us to the red corner from West Lico, Texas, the undefeated WBA super bantamweight champion of the world, Brandon the Heartbreaker Figereroa. [Applause] The stakes sky high for 24y old Brandon Figareroa who has an opportunity to produce a fond family memory of Dignity Health Sports Park. Older brother, former 135lb titleist Omar suffering a stoppage loss against Abel Ramos at this location last month. However, just like his older brother, Brandon loves to throw tons of leather, a recordbreaking puncher. He has stopped 16 of his 21 victims, but in faces the most potent puncher of his career. And this is exactly what Brandon Perau has been asking for. Highlevel elite opposition type of names because he is ready to make his legacy in boxing. And tonight, well, it might just be the case. He holds the all-time record for most punches thrown by 122 lb fighter. that being 176 in round three versus Giovani Delgado back in March 2018. Get ready. Another Instant Carson Classic is on the horizon as we go to the numbers for our much anticipated main event. Well, Stevens uh was suggesting that these numbers might be important, the height and the reach of Brandon Figureroa, and they could be if he chooses to use it tonight. A lot of times he doesn't. He just wants to be on the inside blasting away. And the unified rules for our main event. No standing eight count, no three knockdown rule. Referee or doctor can stop the fight. Fighter cannot be saved by the bell in any round. If a fighter can't continue due to an injury from an accidental foul before the end of round four, it's a no decision. After the end of round four, we go to the scorecards for a technical decision. And now with the official introductions for tonight's main event, the one and only, the classy Jimmy Lennon Jr. [Music] Ladies and gentlemen, we welcome you to Dignity Health Sports Park in Carson, California as Premier Boxing Champions presents the featured bout of the evening brought to you by TGB Promotions in association with Promosiona Sunfed and Showtime sponsored by Geico. This bound in the ring is sanctioned by the WBC president Mauricio Sullean Supervisor Muhammad Noir, the WBA President Hilberto Jesus Mendula, Supervisor Jose Oliver Gomez, and the California State Athletic Commission. The chairman is John Carvelli, executive director Andy Foster. Introducing our three judges scoring from ringside. All from the state of California, we have Edward Hernandez, Senior, Dr. Lumor and Zachary Young. And our referee in charge, he'll be giving instructions after the introductions, Thomas Taylor. All right, fans. Here we go with the main event of the evening. It's Champion versus Champion. 12 rounds of boxing for the WBA and WBC Super Bantamweight Championship of the World. And now, ladies and gentlemen in attendance and boxing fans joining us around the world, live from Carson, California, it's showtime. Introducing to you first on my left, he is fighting out of the blue corner, wearing black trunks with white and gold trim. Hailing from Tijuana, Baja California, Mexico. He weighed in at the super bantamweight limit of 122 lbs. Undefeated in his campaign in the ring with a record of 31 wins, no losses, 24 big wins coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, here's the hard-hitting two division world champion, the current reigning and defending undefeated WBC super bantamweight champion of the world. Introducing Luis [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Pantera and his opponent across the ring on my right fighting out of the red corner wearing white trunks with black and blue trim. Joining us from Wes Lico, Texas, he weighed in at a trim ready 121 and 14 lbs. He also is undefeated in his campaign in the ring with a record of 21 wins, no losses, one draw with 16 wins coming by way of knockout. Tonight in the fourth defense of his title, ladies and gentlemen, here is the undefeated rising young star of the division, the reigning WBA super bantamweight champion of the world. Introducing Brandon the Heartbreaker Figa. Once again, a referee in charge. Our third man now to give instructions, Thomas Taylor. Angel, I need you. Please let them know these trunks are going to keep creeping up. I'm going to give them to the I'm going to give them to the middle of the letters. All right. Trunks are good here. Gentlemen, you got my instructions in the back. Protect yourselves at all times. Listen to my commands. Touch him up. Good luck, gentlemen. Well, we have all missed this limited crowd in attendance. They've been loud and proud. We're back in the great outdoors here at a venue that has proven to be fertile soil for some of the most memorable battles in recent boxing history. What do we have store tonight in this main event? [Applause] Ready? Ready. Referee Thomas Taylor working his 418th professional bout. One of the best young referees in boxing assigned the task of this much anticipated main event. Luis Ner in the black with white and gold trim fighting from the southpaw stance. Brandon Figaro a white with blue trim. And Figer walked right into the attack of Panta. [Applause] And we've seen Figuro already switch twice back and forth from righty to lefty with in only 30 seconds. So we'll see a lot of variety in that sense. Figaro says he's a technical pressure fighter. Likes to get inside, work the body, try to break down his opponent shots. Good job. [Applause] Both these men will go downstairs. Normally lands 30% of his punches that he lands to the body. He might want to even up that tonight. And Ner, a terrific body puncher as well. Ner worked with a nutritionist to help him make the 122 lb limit more easily. And he said he feels more stronger as a result. Now we're seeing glance of the old Natty again, not trying to box, staying in the pocket, but being really smart about it. You know, he's not just forcing his punches. He's he's he's he's setting him up with the jab. And now Figaro switching like you mentioned now. And I don't think he's he's um giving Ner anything that he's never seen. Yeah. Well, as we pointed out, five of the last eight people he's faced have been lefties, but maybe in the process of switching, he might give him some issues. Yeri sharp in victories over McJoah Roy, Juan Carlos Piano, and Arthur Villaina. Stocking style enables him to time opponents with his power. Although Figaroa also has power. We wonder if Figareroa is going to use his innate edge inside or is he going to be drawn into Ner's phone booth game and so far he's definitely a close quarters rough and tumble here in the final minute of the first as they grapple for position. No punch. No punch. Straight back. Let him go. Let go. Right. 45 seconds left in the opening round. [Applause] Ner using the jab uh I think effectively like they'd like him to do early in this match and it's allowing him to do things like work that body when he gets in exchange uppercuts to the body. Oh, great exchange there. That will not be a knockdown. Figureroa has never been down as a pro officially. There was a really good left hand from Ner in that exchange though. Ner attacking the body then going upstairs. [Applause] Two of boxing's biggest stars are on a collision course. May 31st, they'll show out on the same card as Caleb Plant looks to dominate Armando Resendis and Jeral Charlo returns against Thomas Lamont. Saturday, May 31st, turning free for Prime members on Prime Video. Careful. Okay, Ner working in combination. I mean, it's there's Figuro trying to land that right hand, but Ner landing the the nice left and then coming right back. And that's a jab that Abner alluded to that Ner is using a lot more effectively early in this fight. Hey, you move them back with them punches. Okay. Hard punches to the body. You got to start to the body from the beginning. Keep your hands up. Okay. You got to know when. Okay. Good. Okay. Hey, be careful that there's Come on. You got to get him in this round. Back up. [Music] The bell in round two. Brandon Figarero immediately comes out and attacks Ner's body with a right hand before they clinch. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Referee calls for the break. Listen to me. All right. Work out of it. Right. I think Netty was trying to touch gloves and Figarella said, "Nope. Here comes our body shot." Ner just misses with that lead left and lands a left to the midsection. Thomas Taylor's going to have a hard job referring this fight. They're going to be doing a lot of grappling on the inside and uh positioning and he's going to have to decide when do I break and when do I not break. Good body work by Gary. Yeah, Figueroa prefers a good oldfashioned tear instead of engaging in the long range boxing. his body type demands and so far at least the approach has paid dividends in his career as he continues to hunt Ner continuing to feed him body shots. Again, this is barely the second round and it's almost seems like this short distance inside fight favors figure I'm sorry, Ner since he's a smaller guy and he's connecting the short punches inside. You know, it's interesting. It's not that Figuro doesn't fight well on the inside. He does, but this gives a better chance, I think, to display his wears in this match. I think that the him being softball has a lot to do with it. Yes, Ner will want to treat Figaro's body like a piñata. Wants to definitely reassess, re-establish his power here at the new weight class. As Figareroa coming, swinging a little wildly there with that left and then smothered himself falling inside to Ner. Figuro has to be careful coming in like that. Larry Larry is pulling back effectively creating a space that at times he could let let that left hand go and and land it. [Applause] Figuro starting to find that left hand but now ner's going after it. Under a minute left and Nar definitely throwing some power shots here in round two. 45 seconds remaining in the frame and and Figareroa just lunging forward and not putting together his punches well here as Ner continues to find the target and Ner countering Figaro. Well, arm let go the arm. Off his head. Off the head. Couple of left hands from Figareroa. Left hook by Figareroa. Another left hook lands on the temple of ladies and gentlemen. Lots of punches. So much scoring in a lot of those exchanges. [Applause] We'll take a look at uh the keys to victory for these two men. Starting with Ner. Uh he wants to I think show power early and maybe he did that with that one left hand that he got in. Wants to stay off the rope. Figuroa will hurt you badly if you let him get you on the ropes. And the right hook I think could be a good weapon. He's used it to the body, not so much yet to the head. As for Figareroa, I think he needs to set a quick pace. He's done that. Though, as Maro pointed out, not everything landing effectively, be responsible defensively. He's had some defensive issues. He doesn't want to let that take this fight away from him and dig to the body. Well, it's been Ner who's done a little better body work so far. Might see Espinosa try or Figareroa try to go down there. Poppy third. This is round three. The marks on Figareroa's back. That's a result of cupping, a part of a physical therapy regime. And now leaning in and he and Ner exchanging punches. Ner pushing him back. Misses with the left hook. And this is what we expected in this fight. But you know, and the question is how precise will each man be right behind the head. Yeah. And he gets a warning. There's Figureroa hitting Ner behind the the back of the head there. Figureroa one fight removed from the draw with Julio Seahha coming off a stoppage win over another lefty and Damen Vasquez. He does hold wins over former belt holders Oscar Gondon and Moises Flores, but really facing the the biggest opportunity of his career here against Ner. Yeah, no question Ner's the best fighter that Figueroa has yet fought there. There's absolutely no doubt about that. Ner has been in it with better overall better competition though at a lower weight than Figurella. And this is what I mean when when when I say that it favors Ner's um this this this type of style, this type of fight because he fights slow. So he's not so much exposed to the punches that Figaro is throwing. Now on the other hand, Figaroa is because he is the taller fighter and he always has the head up. Ner loves to flood the zone with punches. Figureroa is trying to hook with the left hand though. There's the right. There's a right hand that lands for Figareroa or the right hook. I'm sorry. They're both are missing a lot. Yes, they are. But there's also some There's a left uppercut that lands for Figareroa. Wow. Some of those shots are getting in though. Mhm. The inside punch is definitely Yeah, the inside one. Stop. No punch. And both men have thrown over 80 punches in this round already. So, and there's one minute left. Yeah. [Applause] [Music] Yeah, if you're ner, you want to stay in there. Stay in his chest, throw the inside punches, and you're going to be effective. But once he pulls back is when he gets caught with Figuro's punches. Just like that. Left and right lands for Ner. [Applause] The lefts from Finn. Some of this action is really good. Some of it's a little sloppy. And for the judges, figuring out who's doing the best landing is going to be the tricky part. Yes. [Applause] Figuro from the south stance. Ner. He misses with that lead left. Left uppercut landed though. The lead left uppercut as we end round number three. Quick time right there. Two of boxing's biggest stars are on a collision course. May 31st, they'll show out on the same card as Caleb Plant looks to dominate Arando Resendis and Jeral Charlo returns against Thomas Lamont. Saturday, May 31st, streaming free for Prime members on Prime Video. He's nice and deep. You got it before throwing. When he's throwing, then you get nice and tight. He's only throwing. He's not thinking right now. So take advantage of that and don't stay there cuz he's going to use his head too. So you got to move. How we doing? Okay. Yeah, we're okay. We're fine. Ner on the inside doing a lot of work. You know, both men were busy on the inside and Ner throwing some nice short punches in there. Right hooks, uppercuts. You know, I mentioned the right hook and the keys. I thought that could be a punch that really would work for Ner. And you seen him throw to the body and he landed to the head a moment or two ago as well. Round number four. Luis Ner's mentality is simple. It's either me or him. He says he doesn't get in the ring thinking of getting to the final bell and potentially losing because of the judges. And we mentioned Figaroa's draw with Julio Sea. Al, there 2210 power attempts and 739 combined power punch connects. The most ever recorded at 125. Pretty extraordinary. And one number that strikes that comes out at you and speaks to the defensive issues that sometimes Figuro has. He was hit 373 times in that fight. So, you know, he had some defense and he's being hit a lot in this fight as well. Nice work by Figarella though. Yeah, neither of them known for a lot of defense at this output A that could be difficult. No, when we talk about Figuero being aggressive, it is when he's a balling puncher when he lets his punches go. Sometimes he he's aggressive and he doesn't throw as much or he tries to and he smothers his punches. So, he's got to take care of that. Good stuff here on the inside by both fighters. At the beginning of this round, though, that was the best sequence. Figaro has had in this fight. [Applause] Right hand lands for Neri at mid-range and and Figaro again almost smothering his offense utilizing, you know, making it too close. Yeah. And I think Figaro was effective with those punches that you mentioned that because he threw him somewhat Yeah. straight, not so much looping punches that he keeps missing and gave himself the distance. Exactly. Oh, big. There's a right hand that landed for Figaroa. Left uppercut lands on the inside for Ner. And a left hook by Ner. This is the kind of round we that that makes this fight special. Both men doing some really good work here. And sustained offense by both Luis Ner and Brandon Figareroa. We know Figareroas has a tireless engine. Can Ner maintain this pace? At 122 lbs. That's a very good point, Maro. And this is the right one uh for this fight. Left uppercut right. Oh, how we have missed the punch bowl in Carson, California. What a night it has been. And what a fight that we are seeing unfolding here with 30 seconds left in round number four. These two men have both landed over 30 punches according to show stat in this round. That's remarkable. Luis Ner now utilizing his footwork and the real estate of the ring with 15 seconds left in the fourth. [Applause] Stop the bell, gentlemen. They may be unable to stop right there. They are throwing a lot of leather in this one. Yeah, they both threw 107 punches in the last round. Figuro, we mentioned he did some pretty good work uh early in the in the round. There was that's Ner doing some nice combination punching, but the right hook when Figaro is a lefty and you just saw it there really could be a major weapon for him and he's starting to get that punch in. And then later on in the round as they both battle on the inside, uh the body work that Espinosa or Figueroa so desperately wants to do uh getting in there and Ner fighting back off the ropes, but not everything landing here. There was more precise work I think done, but this is an example here of them both trying to get the big punches in. Make them make them. Okay, let's go. Yeah, [Music] the bell in round number five. In his last four fights, Figareroa has averaged 97 punches per round out. But one area with his physical dimensions you'd like to see him try to work on more is his jab. Yeah, it is an underused punch by him and he doesn't, you know. Oh my good shot to the body by Bigger. Forget the jab. Yeah, I know. He says that's meaningless to me. And this is exactly the time where you got to make adjustments already. They're known for volume punching, but they have been missing a lot. Yeah. Couple of left hands landed for Ner. And then they nerd down. Tumbles to the ground, but will not be ruled. I want to correct myself from earlier this evening. I mentioned Casemiro might be the best 118 pounder in the world. Honestly, Mr. Inu from Japan gets that nod. Casemro is one of the best. So, I'm going to correct myself even though Kasmro is a terrific fighter. [Applause] Minute gone here in the fifth. Ner left hand down now flashing the jab with the right. Figureroa again closing the distance to a what adjustments would you like to see Figareroa make in order to make this fight easier for him? Well, definitely like Al mentioned the jab. You got to jab your way in. Create a space where you can not where you don't smother your punches so much. Straight punches, not so much loopy punches. And now from Fig, I mean from Ner, he's doing a good job. He's making Figaro miss a lot and he's making him pay. More of a matador now. Ner in this round. He's picking his punches, you know, he's being more of a a clean puncher, you could say, instead of uh just throwing bomb and missing much. And he's landing. He's very efficient with his shots out. Yeah. Earlier in the jab, we saw it in round one from Ner, but he got away from him because Figaro was able to, you know, get close to him, but now he's kind of got the jab out of balls. And there it is again. Now Figaro is head hunting too much. Left in the fifth. There's a body shot by Ner. Another left hook to the body. Right hand to the body by the champion. And again, Ner continues to dig away at the body. Then goes upstairs. Lands a left. Figureroa goes to the body with a left. That's where you want to be for stay. And listen to this crowd come alive. And Carson, I mean the volume here. And Laura, you hit on it. Can Ner do this? We know Figureroa can. Can Ner continue this kind of volume punching throughout the fight? Will it be necessary? We I talked about him working with a nutritionist to make weight. He says he feels stronger. So again, we are we are almost at the midway point. Few seconds left here in the fifth. [Music] Great left to the body by Ner. And then Figureroa came back at the end of the round. That was one of Ner's better rounds in this fight, I thought. Two of boxing's biggest stars are on a collision course. May 31st, they'll show out on the same card as Caleb Plant looks to dominate Armando Resendis and Jeral Charlo returns against Thomas Lamont. Saturday, May 31st, streaming free for Prime members on Prime Video. Now, we mentioned that Figaro wants to do more as much body work as he can. Here in that last run, he did go downstairs. That was a left hand that kind of got there. Uh, and he actually went then he he landed the the left hand along with it. And later on, Ner, who I thought ultimately had a very good round in that this fight, he's doing his own body work, ripping those shots, not everything landing. And of course, that's been the hallmark of this fight. Some of that inside work is really good. Some of it just isn't getting home. But Ner did a very good job in that last round, I thought, of being a little more precise with his punches. And they just battled away here. This the crowd is loving it. Stop. Stop. Stop. Time. Get over here. Get over here, guys. Get that corner. Get that corner. Over here. Time in. Let's go. Round number six scheduled for 12 from Luis N's 122 lb championship. Ner started boxing at the age of 14 while Figareroa he started at the age of eight debuted as a pro at the age of 18 and he goes to the body with a left hand there. He moves to his right goes to the body with a right of his own. Every time Pigaro digs into the body, he's able to do he's he's able to be effective. Every time he walks in with that body shot, there it is. Well, at least punches low down low, he's being effective instead instead of get heading head hunting. Figureroa or Ner wants to bait Figaro and his hands are low and stop. He's taken some shots from Figaro. Warned them well. There's a left to the body by Ner. and the head shots and body shots. Who's landed the most? It's been a, you know, mixed bag for both uh for the both boxers. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Listen. Listen. When you're pulled up like that, don't go back there. All right. And now he had the the advantage in the terms of the body punches. Minute and a half left here in the sixth round. again at close quarters. Ner throwing ones and twos going to the body then Figureroa on the inside leaning in. Good uppercut by Ner a moment ago. Neither man has thrown that punch as much. We saw plenty of those in the last fight. Enough to last us for a few fight a few cards now. Ner along the ropes. couple of or three left uppercuts on the inside to the jaw of Figaro. Under a minute now left in the sixth and the future of the sport in good hands. So many talented fighters under the age of 25. And here you're looking at 26-year-old Ner and 24y old Brandon Figareroa battling for high stakes. Not only the 122 lb belt that Ner wore around his waist, but the winner will face Steven Fulton to unify 122 lb title September 11th here on Showtime. Figuroa lands with a one two from the south dance stance. Figuro is giving himself a little more room to punch and that's why those straight left hands are getting there. There that's a space that's the distance Figar wants to be in easy. [Applause] I think uh Mary is arm punching more now early in the even in the fight and that may be a sign of some right there. Right there [Applause] [Music] did an amazing job chronicling their legendary careers as Steven Fulton in attendance tonight styling and profiling again will face the winner of tonight's main event. He told our Brian Kuster he he thinks Brandon Figueroa will be the man he faces. Of course, they have been going back and forth on social media as we begin round seven. Got to let him go. Got to let him go. And let's hope the 122 lb division will uh well will resemble that wonderful era of the four kings. Yeah, it it could in some ways because there's so many good matches to be made. Now, you know, uh, normally Figueroa lands, uh, 40% of his power punches. He's landing 31% so far in this match, which isn't that far off. All right, let's bring in our unofficial scorer, Steve Forward. How do you have it at the halfway point? I have it. Four rounds to two, Mo. 5856 for Ner. I can explain the difference in this fight pretty easily. Body punching. I think he's been committed to it. He's been steady with it, and he's featured in virtually every exchange. And that's why I have Ner ahead. Oh, and Figareroa continues to head hunt and tag Ner with some of those shots beginning to there's some swelling around the eyes of Luis Ner and to Steve Floyd. 72 body punches according to shows landed by Ner 10 by Figaro. Oh, Figareroa starting to land some good shots upstairs. Abner. Yeah, Figaro definitely bringing it. It almost seems like he heard Ner. Ner is showing signs of fatigue and we asked that question and Ner who has been down to three times in his career as we near the midpoint of the seventh. Brandon Figareroa having himself a great seventh. And guys we know that Figaroa has no off button. So this is only the beginning for Exactly. And yeah and to buttress your point as Steve more than a thousand power punches were in the way. We are in round number seven. You guys get this. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Let's go. There's been a subtle shift in this round. Under a minute left of the seven. There he goes down for the fourth time in his career. 5 6 7 8 9 10 Brandon Figaroa has just stopped Luis Mary. [Applause] [Music] He told you, right? He was [Applause] dead. The heartbreaker has just broken the heart and the fighting spirit of Luis Ner. Ner tasting defeat for the first time. But Brandon Figareroa blasts off here tonight as he now lays claim to a legitimate piece of the 122 lb crown. And waiting in the wings, Steven Falton. Well, he predicted Figureroa would win. and he will now meet Figureroa in a much anticipated title unification clash on September 11th here at Showtime. Abner pointed out that this man has no off switch and Mary did in this round. He it was, you know, Abner said it's just beginning for Brandon Figueroa. And there was, as we said, a subtle shift in that round that turned out to be not so subtle because it seemed like it was an accumulation of punches that just sent Ner down and uh he didn't have anything left in the gas tank. Figuroa's 17th win via forma knockout, the biggest of his career. And yeah, he helped exercise the demons of this venue for his family. Remember his brother, older brother Omar, losing in this venue recently. But tonight, it's all about baby brother Brandon becoming a [Music] champion. And guys, we talked about the the list of excellent, exciting, and accomplished fighters 24 and under. You talk about Tioima Lopez, Devin Haney, Geronis, David Benvdas, Virgil Ortiz, Shakur Stevenson, Ryan Garcia, and yes, Brandon Figureroa. We're going to go back to see how he did in Ner. He he nice right hands on there, but it probably is a a body punch that really does the serious damage. That was a left to the body. Yeah, there there was two or three landed before. Yes. Yeah. And so it was the body work ironically. Isn't it ironic? Yes. Who had had a deficit in body work and who told us that would be one of the most important things for him to win this fight. And Ner could not beat the count after getting hit with those body shots. So we'll take another look and we can you'll see here really well the body work. Abner is it goes inside. I think here comes one body shot. Boom. Yes, that's that's that you can see his face expression. That one hurt. And I think there was another one right after that. No, no. And that delayed reaction. Oscar de la Hoya, Bernard Hopkins, shades of Geral Charlo, and Rosario Rosario landing in almost the same spot and and we'll take another look at it. And it and it was kind of a a uppercut in a way. Yeah, it was. And Oh, yeah. That was right in the solar plexus. That was just delivered perfectly by Brandon Figareroa. So Brandon Figureroa flying high after putting Luis Ner in airplane mode. Brandon Figureroa now 22 and1 and he has a piece of 122 lb title from heartbreaker to ribbreaker. [Music] And and you know, as Fulton Jr. looks on this and he he said, "Well, I predicted it. I I told you what was going to happen." And you know, he's he's happy about what how this ended up because he wanted, I think, uh a fight uh with Figureroa. They've been going at each other as you pointed out. And for Ner, uh, former champion, uh, tasting defeat for the first time. A and yeah, that's a that's a tough blow for him [Music] and still holding that area. He got hit with the perfect body smunch. And prior to him being stopped, we we they just we had just seen the unofficial scorecards and and he was helping the scorecards and I think he had the he was doing just what happened. always being effective in the body punches and he got caught with a body shot. a look at the numbers. Clearly, it was and it was a so it was a close fight and a and the the numbers of punches landed were very similar as as Ner continues to hold his body because of all those punches, right, one was the most important and that was that left uppercut to the body that did so much damage to him uh and was one of the 32% of his total punches landed for power punches that left to the body was the key one. Let's make it official with Jimmy Lennon Jr. Ladies and gentlemen, we have the time of 2 minutes 18 seconds at round number seven. Our referee in charge, Thomas Taylor, reaches the count of 10. He is the winner by way of knockout. He is still undefeated. He is now the WBA and WBC super bantamweight champion of the world. Brandon the Heartbreaker Figa. [Applause] [Music] Two of boxing's biggest stars are on a collision course. May 31st, they'll show out on the same card as Caleb Plant looks to dominate Armando Resendis and Jamal Charlo returns against Thomas Lamont. Saturday, May 31st, streaming free for Prime members on Prime Video. Yeah, we are getting set for more action. This one in the lightweight division. Each Cruz turns 24 next month. 22-1 with 15 knockouts. He takes on former unified 126-lb champion Yurias Gamboa, who's coming off a 17-month layoff, the longest of his pro career. [Applause] So, we talk about Gamboa, who is now 40 years of age, coming off a 17-month layup. maybe not such a bad thing for a guy who's now 40. But having said that, he's also coming off back-to- back losses against Gervante Davis, who of course Esau Cruz gave the toughest test of Davis's career thus far. But Gamboa in round two of that fight ruptured his Achilles and and lasted 10 more rounds before getting stopped by Davis. And he's also coming off a loss to uh lightweight champion Devin Haney. For Gamboa, he has not won a fight since July 2019 when he impressively stopped former threetime 130lb titist Roman Martinez in two rounds. And so you have to wonder, is this his last stand? Yeah. And you know that time off, here's what he felt was the benefit of the extra time off. When he came back against Haney, he did not feel like he really had recovered from that Achilles injury and he felt, well, I could still go in and maybe win this fight. So he says that time off may have helped him, but anytime you have a 17-1 layoff at his age, it's not going to be a good thing for you. He won an Olympic gold at 2004 and sold the medal for $1,500 to pay for his daughter's first birthday party. Cuba has won more than 40 Olympic gold medals, including four in 2020. And of course, we'll get another Cuban Olympic medalist coming up in the main event in the form of your Dennis Bugas. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] ESOC Pitbull Cruz turns 24 next month. He hopes to well enjoy the same success as another pit bull. not being the one in the Bellator MMA cage where Patricio Pitull last night in San Jose became a three-time featherweight champion. But for Pit Bull Cruz, he is coming off a loss Abner to Gervante Davis. But yeah, a loss is a loss, but some losses are better than others. And not only did he saw Cruz take Davis the distance, he snapped Davis 16 fight knockout streak and he's now earned this kind of support and praise. He's a showman. He's a proud Mexican warrior. I think this this speaks volumes right here. How the people are cheering for him. Listen, his his socks definitely grew after the Tank Davis fight. He got approval from the people. Everybody lo loves him and they're looking forward to him fighting tonight and seeing what happens. Maybe a possible rematch against Hank Davis. But regardless, his his performance against Tank is what got him here tonight. And we'll see what Isaac Cruz does against the experienced New York Gamboa. He wants to prove that he is a major player at the top of the talent lad and lightweight division. And and Al, it it's interesting because for Esau Cruz, he was a virtual unknown like two years ago. He was and then he had that run of wins and uh kept winning, but when he got to the higher echelon, he wasn't the knockout puncher. He started winning by decision. But that gave people a chance to see his aggressive style. It was here in Texas. In fact, remember against Diego Magdalino where he uh blitzed Magdalino in the opening round and it was kind of a little bit of a coming out party and since then again not always victorious in coming off the loss to Davis but his stock has soared despite the defeat. Yeah, absolutely. And what he had showed in a Davis fight was his dogged, you know, determination. And because of that, you he you get the feeling no matter what lightweight he faces, he's going to be trouble. And also, he showed a lot of uh he showed a great chin because he was able to take tanks, power shots like nothing. And at the same time, he had a great guard. He said that the Mexican fans here, he kind of couldn't wait to come here and perform for them again. He's they're showing him a lot of love. [Music] Let's take a look at the numbers for this fight. Come here. Now, when Cruz weighed in for this match, he originally came in over the 135 lb limit, a pound and a half over, but he reweighed in after that when he went to his hotel room, lost some weight, and he got in under the weight. Um, now 40 is the numerical elephant in the room for Gamboa. Uh, and you know, we've talked about the career layoff, the injury, the losses. So, he is really testing the the uh the terms of time for this fight. With the official introductions, here once again is Jimmy Lennon Jr. [Applause] Well, fans from AT&amp;T Stadium here in Arlington, Texas, Premier Boxing Champions presents the co-main event of the evening brought to you by Manown Promotions, TGB Promotions, and Showtime. This bout is sanctioned by the WBO. The president is Francisco Vcarcel, supervisor Gino Rodriguez. Our judges scoring from ringside from Texas, Javier Alvarez. Also from Texas, Jesse Reyes. Then from Puerto Rico, Jose Roberto Torres. Introducing our referee in charge. He'll be giving instructions after the introductions, Mark Calloy. All right, fans. Here we go with the co-main event of the evening. 10 rounds of boxing scheduled for the WBO Intercontinental Lightweight Championship. introducing to you first on my right fighting out of the red corner wearing red, white and blue trunks fighting out of Miami, Florida by way of Janamo Kuba. He weighed in at 134 and one quarter lb with a record of 30 wins, four losses. He has 18 wins coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the acclaimed former unified champion of the world known as El Cyclone de Guantanamo. Introducing Yoris Gambboa and his opponent across the ring fighting out of the blue corner wearing red trunks with black trim hailing from Mexico City de Mexico. He weighed in at 134 and 3/4 lb with a record of 22 wins, two losses, and one draw. He has 15 wins coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, here is the exciting former world title challenger and the current WBO and WBC number four ranked lightweight in the world. Introducing Esso, Pitbull Cruz. [Applause] And once again, a referee in charge now to give instructions. Mark Caloy Guerrero. We've already talked about the rules in the dressing room. I want you to obey my commands at all times. Most importantly, protect yourselves at all times. If I say stop, Mart stop working. All right. Touch gloves. Huge crowd on hand here at AT&amp;T Stadium, Arlington, Texas. Set for a scheduled 10 rounds at 135 lbs. As the bell and the opening round and immediately Cruz goes to the jab, lands an overhand right. Gamboa fires off a jab, but immediately it is Cruz putting the pressure on Gamboa. Yeah, we all knew that was going to happen in the early rounds. And he's already tagged Gamboa. and he saw Cruz Gamboa the veteran holding on and doing exactly what he needed to to try to stay on his feet. Gambbo has been down 17 times in his career and remarkably has only been stopped three times. He's hoping not to have number 18 here. And in fact, in the fights that he's been knocked down, Gamboa is 10 and three. Esau Cruz does not want to let Gambo escape the opening round much like he did against Diego Magdalona. Magdaleno, excuse me, in San Antonio. Yeah, you definitely don't. Especially when you know you got Gumbbo already hurt and we talked about it. You know, he's been down many times, especially he's going to be cold in this first round. And Gambo has had a point deductive from him in the past for holding. He's going to do a lot of it here. The referee's going to have to maybe deal with that as this fight goes on, if it goes on. It happened against Devin Haney. Yeah. The most recent infraction and man, he saw Cruz walking down Gamboa. Gamboa trying to flash the jab, but having issues with his balance as well and gets tagged with that right hand, but took it well. Oh man. Yeah, he's pulling straight back with his hands down. Speaking of Gona, he's trying to get back into his fight, trying to box a little bit, use that jab, but again, pulling back with his hands down and Cruz not overcommitting, not not in a not in a rush to get it done. Continuing to show the wrinkles that he adds under the toutelage of his father, Esau Cruz, Senior. Meanwhile, Gamboa working with Pedro Ro, the former Cuban national amateur team and Olympic team coach. Cruz is trying to land that overhand right. He landed it before and that would be the punch for Gambo to really worry about right now. Yeah, 100%. Especially again he's throwing the jab. He's moving straight back in the line with his hands down. So that that overhand right is there for Cruz there. He tried it right there. He barely missed. Yeah, Gamboa's had a lot of injury wos recently. We talked about what happened against Javvante Davis. And while his chin may not be as as strong as he would like, you can't question his heart. And it looks like Yuri Yorkcus Gamboa is going to survive what has been a horrible start to this fight for Elon de Guantanamo. [Music] down. You can't go punch the punch. You got to be a nice and calm. Okay. Wait around. Let me let me get the instructions here. Keep with the left. When he comes in, then you go with the haymaker with the right haymaker. Okay. Well, twice in that first round, the power of Isak made itself apparent, uh, he would land this left hook here. That's the was the first punch that created issues for Gamboa. He was trying to hold and then he got really wobbly and almost went down, but was able to somehow keep his balance. And later on in the round, it would be Cruz. This time, I think it was a right hand. Yeah, that was the right the overhand right. And uh Grant Boa did a great job of staying upright in that instance. I mean this is a guy that fought how many rounds? Six, seven rounds with the torn Achilles. Almost 10. Almost eight. So that is not bringing him down. What are we talking about? He fought almost 10 rounds with a Achilles against Javante Davis in a fight here. And now it's GOA sitting down and he's having some success against Isaac Cruz. Remember when Gamboa first came on the scene, he was a breathtaking powerhitting risktaker who was capable of overwhelming opponents and then well his chin began to be trail. Gamborra has scored only one knockout win, one stoppage win since 2014, but he showed a little pop there. Yeah. Yeah, he definitely again the pop is there. the the experience, the combinations from Gamboa and and I think Boa is like one of the few fighters that would need to get need to get knocked down in order for him to wake up. Remember on Tino Trinidad Trinidad will go down and automatically just become a monster. Great defense there by Gambbo. Felix Trinidad by the way supporting Yuri York Dennis Ugos in the main event. Sam Judah supporting Earl Spence. So, the luminaries, a lot of uh you know, so many great champions at welterweight throughout the years. That's why it has been the glamour division. And what a main event we are expecting. But what a fight this is turning out to be here with a minute and a less than a minute and a half remaining in the second round. Yeah, at moments we're getting glimpse at at the old gamboa that we used to that we used to see back in the days. Explosive. He comes in with this combination, pull back and starts boxing. Under a minute remaining here in the second round. And you know, when you look at the average age for a lightweight that's 5'8, Cruz is today's shortest 135 lb contender. And when you look at lightweight champions who stood only 5'4, luminaries like Ray Mancini and Tony Kenzoner, they did pretty well. Tony Kenzeri in a long run. Of course, Ray was a great fighter. You know, in this round, Gamboa has thrown more punches than Cruz. Uh, and you you wouldn't necessarily expect him to be winning the volume battle in any round. And and he he got off to a great start in this round. And Chris has been a little wild with his left hook in this round. A good bounce back round for Gambo. Definitely. He's made Cruz miss a lot and found a way to kind of neutralize. But then right after 10sec warning, he drops Gamboa. 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Nos. Wow. Two of boxing's biggest stars are on a collision course. May 31st, they'll show out on the same card as Caleb Plant looks to dominate Armando Resand and Jamal Charlo returns against Thomas Lammano. Saturday, May 31st, streaming free for Prime members on Prime Video. I was saying a good bounce back round. Well, it didn't end very well for Yuri's Gamboa. Listen to me. You got to keep your hands up. This is a war. Come on. Your your arms are still low and you got to move to your right. Please. Keep going to the right. Well, after as Morris said, a decent uh comeback round right toward the end of the round, Cruz would get there with the left hook and and then another left hook and the right hand and uh that was when Gambo went down. He did also land a punch when Gambo was down. Ref Mark Calloy the pushing him back there, but uh the 18th time for Gambo to go down in a fight. Yeah, spending more time on the canvas than Picasso. 18 times in a career in which he's gone 10 and three. That still is the stat that sticks out to me. He is victorious majority of the time. This fight's not over yet. Oh, and going to the body, dropping Boeing again. Four, five, six, seven, eight. N want this. I'm going to want this box. I keep jinxing Gamboa. Every time I feel that he's coming back, he gets knocked down. And this is simply now a firefight. And and it's Gamboa who is being rattled. He's being rocked. And the veteran trying to hold on for survival. Cruz coming forward using good movement as well. Oh, shoulder strikes. Watch out. Yeah, he's got our legs underneath him anymore anymore. Chris getting so wild he's trying to uppercut from way outside, but he isn't worried about being countered at this point, I guess, by Gambo. Oh, another devastating body shot and the the take down by Gamboa. That's going to buy him a little time. [Applause] And Cruz has gone the distance in five of his last six fights, but tonight he's looked like he wants to try and get out of there early, dropping Gamboa twice already in round two and again here in round three. And swinging for the fences is he saw Cruz backing up Gamboa and Gamboa can only hold on. Yeah, Chris just swinging for the fences. Really just trying to look for the for the perfect shot as he did just there. He's got a real real chance here, I'm sorry, is to land a solid right hand that would hurt Cruz. A straight right hand as he's coming in. He's trying to land. He did a few times, but I mean Cruz trying to tire Cruz up by just leaning on him and holding on to him. Well, last round I said he was trying to neutralize the uh the volume from Cruz by doing that, but he chose to exchange and that's when he went down by a minute of the third. Cruz bobbing and weaving going to the body with the right short right uppercut on the inside lands for Cruz. And for Gambo, he just wants to make this a a wrestling match of it's he's not throwing many punches and being and he's not able to He's so ready for peaks for all and it's crazy how you can fight on skates all night. He can he can do that. Yeah, he does for long periods of time when you think he can't. But we saw again we saw him with a ruptured Achilles go an extra almost 10 rounds with Jvonte Davis before being stopped. Final 15 seconds of the third. And Yurias Gamboa needs a dramatic reversal of fortunes. [Applause] Listen to me. You got to get the timing. Get the timing down. You want go talk with them, but get a timing done. Get it down with the one, two, and then he leaves himself open, but you got to attack him. Let's go, but keep your hands up. Well, more drama that did not benefit uh Gamboa in the last round. Left hook by Cruz. He didn't even he he let off with the hook. He fainted to give himself a chance to land that punch and then got in in Abner. It was a great effort by him. Yeah, great punch there. You know, that's one of his mon money makers, uh, which is the the right or the left hook. Really got both of them. And against Gumbo, you want to keep doing that, especially again cuz he pull he has his hands down all the time, but most of the time. And then this was the awkward action in which uh they took a small Oh my big right hand. Huge right hand to kick off the fourth and he saw Cruz swarming Yurias Gamboa just trying to push Cruz off of him. And Gamboa tries to deliver the jab but is just getting hit at all angles, uppercuts. Cruz wanted to get a knockout in this fight at some point because Devin Haney was not able to knock out Gamboa and it took Davis a while to do it. So, he'd like to at least make a favorable comparison by getting him out sooner. Yeah, it took some rounds for Davis to to stop him to get the TKO and and he went the distance. Oh, Cruz definitely trying to make a statement and right hand again connects on the noggin of Gamboa by Cruz. One minute has elapsed here in the fourth and when you look at the show stats in terms of punches form there, they're almost even. Yeah, which is a little bit surprising. Uh uh Cruz is you know he's landed the port on and yeah two to one he's out landing them in terms of connects. You know, the the interesting thing though is that in terms of body punches, Cruz has landed 10, but he has he hasn't punched the body as much as we normally see from him. Yeah. No, he's head hunting right now. Speaking of threes, and again, as we get glimpse of, you know, what he does well, the combination punches, stepping back, but he does not have his feet underneath him anymore. That's that's a problem. Left hook to the body lands for Cruz. There's a jab. Another jab by Gamboa, but it's stop. It's been a horrific start for Gamboa, having gone down already multiple times in this fight. And the jab for Cruz is kind of a rumor. Doesn't he need to jab his way? He's just coming in and saying, "Well, I'll lead off with the left hook or the over right. I'll take my choice." But that would make it a lot easier. It would. Yes. I was going to say that. But this is what happens. You get excited. You see that in, you know, overhead rights like crazy. Yes. And you just get happy with that. You continue to do it. But if you're a cruise corner, you want to tell him, "All right, set up those hooks for the jab." That left hand was a cruise missile. And somehow pops right back up to his feet. Someone should test that man's DNA. How did he survive that shot? Wow. And proof just clobbering Yurias Gamboa who somehow ends the round on his feet. Two of boxing's biggest stars are on a collision course. May 31st, they'll show out on the same card as Caleb Plant looks to dominate Armando Resendis and Jeral Charlo returns against Thomas Lamont. Saturday, May 31st, streaming free for Prime members on Prime Video. Keep the hands up. This guy is putting the arms, everything on you. You come, you have enough to win this fight. Let's go. What are you doing? Well, another round in which Gambo would hit the canvas. Just a leadoff left hook. We talked about the fact that he's been leading off with that punch to the overhand right. That was maybe the best left hook Cruz has landed in this fight. And as Moro pointed out, astonishingly, Gamboa able to get up very quickly from that punch. I I mean, he's remarkable in his recuperatory powers. I mean, it's staggering. [Applause] 30 seconds out. Let's go. [Music] I know we've seen go down many times in many fights and it almost became, you know, normal. I guess you see him down, but at this point, you got to be careful. I agree. Ko is 40 years old and, you know, he gives shots like that to make it seem that he's still in the fight, but his feet are not underneath him. It only takes one shot and I think Cruz might land it. Man, it's incredible the amount of shots he's taking Gamboa right now. a walking jump womba song, but it's Cruz that's doing the thumping. You know, Gambo in this round came out with a purpose. He's throwing a lot of combinations and and straight right hands, knowing that's the only ticket he has to win this fight to hurt Cruz as he's coming in with one of those. But you know what's going to happen is going to make him more to get hit evenly. Even harder, I would say. The more he opens up, the more opportunity he provides. Cruz Cruz attacking the body with three, four punch combination. Oh, the right hand. The ropes keeping Gambo up and the referee has stopped the fight. Suck Cruz records his 16th knockout win and he is proving to be a knockout with the fans here at AT&amp;T Stadium. Would you want to do it another way? Another a great knockout for Cruz. He is what people are talking about. He impressed a lot of people against Sam Davis and tonight he showcas that again, you know, back in the ring only four months after that fight. He fought three times in 2021. He's being active and he continues to develop as a fighter. [Applause] Father and son embrace what a long hard road it has been for the Cruz family. In five of his last fix fights, he has not been able to have this moment uh with a knockout win, but he gets it tonight. and an incredible family pedigree mentioning his father who fought champions Vernon Forest and Junior Witter. His granddad Mimo Cruz beat world champions Papino Quavvis and Alfredo Escalera. His older brother Diego is an active fighter but it is Esock Pitbull Cruz who was definitely not in cruise control. What a fight by the youngster who turns 24 next month. talked about the DNA of Vanboa. His boxing DNA is special and we will look at the end of this fight. Uh it's an overhand right. He he ducks down well he lands a left hook. Then the overhand right comes in and those two punches were the story of this fight. And he always had just enough head movement dipping down a to create the openings for those punches. He dodged a punch there. He was able to dodge uh Gamboa's jab. Came over with the overhand right and then the left. And then let me tell you, it was the ropes that held Gumbbo up. But if it wasn't if it wasn't for the referee referee stopping the fight, Gama, he would have wanted to continue. But great moment for him. Drew soaking up the agilation of the crowd here at AT&amp;T Stadium and now sharing a moment with Gamboa's corner. And for Yurcus Gamboa now having lost three straight fights at the age of 40 and and taking an incredible amount of punishment in this fight. And the numbers will demonstrate that um as we take a look at them. You know that the power punches I direct your attention there. You know Cruz landed 56. That's everything other than the jab. And so many of those were big left hooks or overhead rights. And in fact, those two punches is what did in Gamboa in that last sequence. [Applause] [Music] Ladies and gentlemen, we have the time. 1 minute 32 seconds in round number five. A referee in charge. Mark Malloy stops the contest. He is the winner by way of technical knockout. He is now the WBO Intercontinental Lightweight Champion. Ishach Pitbull Cruz. I know there's at least one person in the Philippines smiling ear to ear right now. That is, of course, Manny Pacquiao, one of Pit Bull Cruz's idols and a man who has been instrumental in helping Isach Cruz get to this point. Two of boxing's biggest stars are on a collision course. May 31st, they'll show out on the same card as Caleb Plant looks to dominate Armando Resendis and Jamal Charlo returns against Thomas Lamont. Saturday, May 31st, streaming free for Prime members on Prime Video. [Music] [Applause] Canelo. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Algo writer. [Music] Mex. Are you [Music] Thank Thank you very much, Brian. And if we get the Mexican version of Herd's Haggler, my goodness, the roof will come off this building here tonight. Canelo Alvarez, Haimey Mongia for the undisputed super middleweight championship. Bongia, 6 years younger, has the longer reach, needs to establish the jab because the jab is key. It was key for Mayweather. It was key for Bivo, the only two people to defeat Canelo. And for Mongia and Alvarez here tonight, Alvarez, his first round will be his 485th. From Mongia's first round will be 200. So, a huge edge in experience for the defending champion. Let's go to Jimmy Lennon Jr. [Music] Well, before we bring out our fighters for the main event, at this time we ask you to rise for the national anthems. We begin with the national anthem of Mexico. Please welcome to the microphone the famed recording artist Mihares. [Applause] Mex. [Applause] [Music] No, [Music] Mexier. [Applause] Central Keep [Applause] going. And now, ladies and gentlemen, we present the national anthem of the United States. to lead us. Please welcome Mariachi's Brendan Pettis, Ramiro Oera, and Danielle [Music] [Applause] [Music] Ooa. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] That was badass. That was [Applause] awesome. That was great. Ladies and gentlemen, the time has come for the bout you've all been waiting for. The highly anticipated Cinco de Mayo weekend. All Mexican showdown for the undisputed super middleweight championship of the world. And now, please welcome the boxers as they make their way to the ring. It's time for Canelo versus Mongia. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Most get from [Music] [Applause] [Music] Yeah. Morning. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] on me. Heat. Heat. [Music] You will let [Music] us know. [Applause] [Music] Yes. So [Music] you [Music] foreign. So you for sending you. So you don't swim for the sailing goat. [Applause] [Music] Oh, heat. [Music] Sorry. [Music] [Applause] I got no mother. [Music] You see I cannot go [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] back in your face. Super [Music] boy [Applause] With the gas [Applause] the Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the team Arena here in Las Vegas, Nevada, as Canelo Promotions and Premier Boxing Champions presents the featured bout of the evening brought to you by Canelo Promotions, NTGB Promotions in association with Golden Boy Promotions, and Zanther Boxing Promotions. And presented by Corona Premiere, the exceptional light beer. It's fight night. Light it up by VMC tequila cocktails. El orante tool by El Mexico brand products. Bring authentic Sabor to your table. Somos Elmexicano by Furiosa. A MadMax saga. Only in theaters May 24th and sponsored by DraftKing Sportsbook. The crown is yours. This undisputed world championship is sanctioned by the WBC president Mauriciosman, the WBA president Hilberto Jesus Mendula, the IBF president Daryl Peoples, and the WBO President Francisco Val Carcel along with the Nevada State Athletic Commission. The chairman is Dallas Han executive director Jeff Mullen. Introducing our three judges scoring from ringside. from Nevada, Tim Cheetum. From Oklahoma, David Southerntherland, and from New Jersey, Steve Weissfeld. Introducing our third man in the ring, a referee in charge of the action, Thomas Taylor. All right, fans, here we go for the main event of the evening. 12 rounds of boxing in an all Mexico battle for the undisputed super middleweight championship of the world. And now, ladies and gentlemen, in attendance and boxing fans joining us around the world live from the T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas, it's prime time. Introducing to you first on my right, the challenger fighting out of the red corner, wearing colors of the Mexican flag, red, white, and green with black trim. Hailing from Tijuana, Baja California, Mexico. He weighed in at 167 and 12 lbs. He is undefeated in his campaign in the ring with a record of 43 wins, no losses, 34 big wins coming by way of knockout. Tonight in his seventh world title appearance, he aims to capture the undisputed crown. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the former WBO 154-lb champion of the world, the undefeated allaction battle ready hard-hitting world rank contender. Introducing Hime Mia and his opponent across the ring. The defending world champion fighting out of the blue corner. Entering the ring wearing black trunks with Tiffany blue trim. El Oruoso Guerrero de Guara Haliscoco Mexico. He weighed in at a trim and ready 166 and 3/4 lb with a tremendous career and a record of 60 wins, two losses, two draws with 39 wins coming by way of knockout tonight, making the fourth defense of his undisputed title. Here is the sensational star of boxing, the four division world champion and pound-for-pound great in his 25th world title appearance. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the renowned, the current, the reigning and defending undisputed super middleweight champion of the world, [Applause] PresidentO. Once again, a referee in charge, Thomas Taylor, now to give instructions. Gentlemen. Okay, both belt lines a little high, so we're going full belt line here. All letters here. You got my instructions in the back, gentlemen. Protect yourselves at all times. Listen to my commands. Touch them up. Back to your corner, gentlemen. Will Canelo retain the undisputed crown or will Mongia pull off the upset and become the new king of the ring? We are set for 12 rounds or less for the undisputed super middleweight championship of the world. The bell in round one. Attention. You can cut it with a chainsaw. The energy, the excitement palpable. A soldout crowd here in this all Mexican battle. And yes, Luch is the biggest Mexican title fight in history. No two Mexican fighters have ever met this high up on the scale. And immediately the grueling champs [Music] begin. Wow, such a divided crowd. A lot of people here from Mia, a lot of here, people here for Canelo. People seem to want a new face of boxing. We'll find out tonight. Starting off really good with the jab as expected. Being the bigger guy, he's got the distance. So he's got to be he's got to be on point with that job. All the way back in December of 2017 in a ring magazine, new faces featuring Mugia talked about one day facing his compatriate Canelo. That has come to fruition tonight. Canelo earlier this week says he will finish Mongia before round eight. Mongia's new trainer. Second fight with Mongia. Freddy Roach. The Hall of Famers predicts an eighth round knockout. Mia looking very sharp and very quick right now. Canelo launching that left hook caught off balance as they clinch. But Joe continue. Yeah, the first punch that landed for Canelo was a right hand to the elbow, the left elbow of Mia, which he does. He likes to destabilize your arm and that jab by hitting you in spots that will last. doing exactly what many pundits and experts predicted that he should do against a guy like Canelo. Establish the jab. The jab that this is the straight punches. You want to keep Canelo busy with those. In his last four fights, Canelo's output and accuracy is going down. Many people feel, I mean, he's been at the summit a long time. Is he on the other side of the mountain? He's gone the distance four times in a row. of course, second time in his career. But man, this crowd is going to make our job easy because we don't have to say much. Let's listen to these people do their [Applause] Nice left hook to the body by Canelo. And there's that patented lead left hook. He likes to double up. Freddy Ro said it. His his combinations are predictable but very effective. He loves to go left hook body, left hook upstairs. Canelo also likes to land the left, the right to the body and the right uppercut. And now Lumia opening up. Beautiful combinations right there from Lugia. Again, he's got to stay busy. He's got to make Canelo think. I mean Canelo, you got to make him defensive. Canelo is just walking right to disregarding the power and the speed that is showing right now, which is incredible. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Two of boxing's biggest stars are on a collision course. May 31st, they'll show out on the same card as Caleb Plant looks to dominate Armando Resendes and Jeral Charlo returns against Thomas Lammana. Saturday, May 31st, streaming free for Prime members on Prime Video. for Heidi Bongia threw 39 punches, landed 10, kept Canelo throwing just 11 punches. He landed five. Now Canelo is used to collecting the so-called data, used to methodical starts, picking it up as he goes on, but this is the kind of start. Yeah, perfect start from fast, fast pace and beautiful distance jab, the range. But Canelo, like you mentioned, Canelo usually fights like this. Slow high accuracy. really really good power shot above average body punch. You just have to ask Rocky Fielding and Jose Lopez among others and still a great defensive fighter especially in close. I mean the quintessential Mexican fighter was Alex Williams Chavez Joe who while in fighting would still take a lot of punches off the gloves and utilize his body movement and Canelo can do the same thing. But right now, Mongia trying to stay distance, eats the left hook and goes back to work with the jab. Mia, when he put pressure on Canelo, Canelo back up, he avoided most of the punches coming from and then stopped right back up to the point and landed his own punches. He's very smart Canelo. He's in his process of counter punching. The crowd rattling behind ping gear. And you seen early on like you mentioned I mean Joe earlier the arm punches that Canelo's landing. That's what he likes to do. He'll break down that and he tore Kevin Smith in his arm. But look at open up. But Canelo again very focused in the eye of the storm. Yeah. Canelo doesn't blink. He's very calm under fire. He knows how to pick off punches. And he just stepped in there with a nice body shot. The Mexican style is all about close combat, relentless pressure, copious amounts of body punching, never say die, never clench. And you're seeing two proud proponents of it here in an all Mexican affair. One, two from Canelo connects. Beautiful accuracy right there from Canelo. Straight punches. One, two, three. It was three punches that landed. But again, it's the power from Canelo. He's looking for that. We know that Mongia gets hit flush. So definitely Canelo is looking for that. Mongia's hands are low when he throws his punches, leaving him susceptible to the counters, trying to keep his hands up as he goes on the attack. All blocked by Canelo just even in the loss to Bible when Canelo was on the ropes. I remember this one sequence where Bibble threw a bunch of punches and Canelo was able to slip or block. Great defensive fighter that Canelo is. One of the best if right now in this era for sure, but it's punches like that you want to keep throwing. You want to keep Canelo busy uh trying to take punches away and delivers a combination. And it's Canelo though who has the more stunning shots to the body. The ones that have landed cleanly are from Canelo right now. Is throwing punches, but they're being blocked or slipped by Canelo. He's he's really calm under pressure. Cano and he's showing it right now. Canelo has definitely ramped it up here in the second round now having thrown 50 punches, landing 16. 11 of [Applause] [Music] 59. And here's the one two from Mugia. Beautiful jab and it went in that right handed the body shot. That's how you want to finish off your combinations if you're Moia. Yeah. And here we go. There's that jab hook. And here goes a right hand. That hook moved Mia right into his right hand. And that landed solidly. The one that landed on his glove and then in his face, but what landed was the shot right after that that raising right hand. Neither fighter has been knocked down. Fans hope it'll be a knockdown dragon affair. Looks extra speedy tonight, doesn't he? Yeah, he has to be. Yeah. Yeah, he has to be. His punches look really quick tonight. He was impressive, especially in that rider fight. Knocked him down four times. sent Ryder into retirement at the point of the Canelo Beach going the distance now in round three. Canelo with the high bar trying to floating up on the jam fires the right hand behind it and that's what you want to keep doing with the younger fighter. Keep that same momentous counter left upstairs but the volume but it's always going to be the counter punching from Canelo. Nice double left hook on the can on the right hand. Nice look really cool left. And look what does after he's done. Yeah, he's not his like with the jab and giving him that extra second to land a [Music] counter. There's the right uppercut from Canelo. Neither fighter again has been down, but they are throwing spiteful shots early. Can step back off that right hand from here like he just does a little half step and counter with the right. He's really really smart. That was punch right there. And then again, Canelo always throws spiteful shots. Loads up on his punches, but really using the jab effectively, Joe. Yeah, like I said, he's really sharp with the jab. All of his punches right now. A lot a lot more uh I'd say accurate than uh the past couple of fights. I say the J. He looks like a different fighter right now. That was the fight of the year against the great big one Sergey Dianko had many opportunities to become a champion. Such a great fighter. And in fact, the knockdown really could have secured the fight for against then he dropped Ryder four times. And so Canelo right now is taking jab away by throwing his own jab as well and by countering Mugia after his jab. Final minute of the third round. Fates. Keep on guessing. [Music] [Applause] locking Canelo down. Has him in the corner. High guard by Canelo. He's got very educated eyes. He's missing a lot. And Canelo's doing a perfect job by by taking the two steps there. Nice right hand on the body by Moon. And you know he's going to come back with the big shot. Hasn't counted yet. He will. Double jab by Hungia. Mia continues to be the aggressor as expected. Yes or no? He's aggressively around walking down these shots. The crowd can with the counter left with his best work here in the final seconds of round three. That was the best round right there. Really sharp. Fast and short and crisp [Music] punches. Yeah. Yeah. I want you like a teacher up there. Get on the inside and touch him. All right. Guard. All right. There's that right hand. a little over that double, but most of those are off the [Applause] sl clean shots. Usually with that doesn't even right as sharp as I've ever seen him right now. He's as fast as I've ever seen and as very very tactical right now. And yet the corner keeping them composed, not getting overconfident. The crown of course can play a big factor with their reaction to punches. Larry Hazard unofficial scorecard has Moonia head 29 to 28. Two rounds to one. And again when they throw punches the crowd will react. Judges can be influenced. And this how rewarding will be start fastpaced body punching. Again you know we talk about the older Canelo power is there. The high guard blocked those shots by Canelo but was unable to land the counter as continues to just put the pressure behind the right hand. And I like how slow to right hand by took it very well. He did and got hit earlier in that first exchange of the left hook that he took. That was really [Applause] good. Another lost lead with the right hand. chopping right has already thrown 18 jabs. It is the fourth round. He's landed 23. Canelo 14 of 59, but the jab has never been a a calling card for Canelo. He wants to deliver punishing power shots, usually on the counter. Usually the lead left hook to the body and upstairs. And look at the the gra talking about a very important weapon here tonight. very important weapon more from of course because he want he wants to have that space that yes and Canelo of course he uses the jab as a power puncher as a center punch but he he's trying to get in the inside that's where he wants to be the jab is hitting pattern with the right uppercut on the inside nice right hand canel on his head took some of the steam off but got hit with that right hand and now stays in the pocket Two right uppercuts by three goes down for the first time in his career. The power of his real That's what is capable of. Wow. loading up on the left down for the first time now facing all of the heat here in round four. Great start, but the great equalizer, the power of Canelo Alvarez as we go to round five. This the audience already as electric as a rivalry between Edison and Tesla. What a night. [Music] Two of boxing's biggest stars are on a collision course. May 31st, they'll show out on the same card as Caleb Plant looks to dominate Armando Resendis and Jeral Charlo returns against Thomas Lamman. Saturday, May 31st, streaming free for Prime members on Prime Video. [Applause] All right, there's a miss by Mia. Yeah, but with the inside punches that the uppercut is the punches you don't see that hurt and never saw that short uppercut from started at the right uppercut finish and see if you're going to poke your head on the inside. You better have that middle closed up and everything else. [Music] Everything was working for Mongia. But guess what? The experience of Canelo, he knew he was going to come in short. Sweet uppercut in the end like everyone else. So be the teacher. Canelo talked about fighting Mongia because of the respect that he showed him, but also because he praised Mongia's discipline, punching power, and hunger. This all qualities don't guarantee an exciting fight. Wow, it's exciting. All right, let's see how he reacts in this next round after the knockdown. Like you mentioned, he's met. Yeah, first time 27 years of age entering his physical prime against Canelo Alvarez who is in his 65th fight tonight. My goodness, the thunderous. And you think about that, 33 years of age, has fought more than any other fighter ranked by Ring magazine, 65 pro fights. Yeah, that's a really important key as well for Canelo's been here before. He's just used to this, his magnitude of just the vibe and and yeah, I love his first time. The thing about Canva is no matter what, he always looks like he's in control. Even when he the other guy's doing well, he looks under control. See the head movement there as he took all the steam off the punch and countered and now goes to the body. So the defensive reflexes are still there. Lead left hook by Canelo. The jab from which has disappeared because of the power of Canelo. Yeah, I know a lot of people say that Canelo is flat, but yes, he is. But he's a guy that he knows how to work for the inside. That's where his power comes from. He waits for the guy to make mistakes. He let lunge in and Canelo pulls back. There it is. The uppercut. Plus when pulls up, he's got his hands up there. He protects the [Applause] elbow and [Applause] [Music] counter. Heat. Heat. [Applause] There's a left return. [Music] [Applause] just the power. He's doing the right thing. He just does not have the power or the respect. [Applause] So he doesn't have the power. I think he's not [Applause] [Music] [Applause] respect so professional. So we see Canelo really nice. He gets down. He's strong with the leg start punching up top. Vanilla used to collect obviously deliver round number six undisputed super middle heavyweight championship from T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas on the ease of Cinco deio. And now look at how fortunes have changed. Larry Hazard's unofficial scorecard now has Canelo on top by two points thanks to that knockdown in round four. India started off really good with the powerful [Applause] [Music] [Applause] uncomfortable. One minute. There's a from Canelo. Another jab from Canelo. Fainting trying to drop get Mongia to drop his hands. High guard by Mongia. But still Canelo lands a combination and then culminates with a right to the body. Jab Canelo doing the work with the jab now. Having Mia [Applause] think so. He's once he figures you out it's hard to hit him. [Applause] [Music] combination. And of course, he is known for throwing four and five punch combinations throughout his career, especially in the latter stages of fights. He continues to deliver just out of [Music] [Applause] [Music] range. Those were great combinations. Good punches from the but again the defensive so referee expecting just to be careful. head clash. 30 seconds left in the [Applause] [Music] six. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Canel has taken over, you know, the past three rounds. There's a little jab fake. You know went to period and Canelo came over with his left hook, rocked him and he stepped back. There's a jab right down the pipe. Yeah. Great distance right there. Here comes the big right here. Just so smart. He's so good. This is what he's 60 going to double click as we head into round number seven. So as we head into the second half of the fight, let's talk adjustments that need to be made [Music] by [Applause] [Music] starting there's opportunities to just the experience waiting for the right [Music] [Applause] 1657 offense We've been told that he hasn't as many as he does the right output. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] concern. Yes. Yeah, of course. When you see Canelo bounce punches off the shoulders as well each arms. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] tomorrow again. Second time against Mexican Junior. Talk about being a 164 12 lb. Under 30 seconds left here in the seven trying to find a way to land an effective shot, but Canelo is keeping it too soon to take this opportunity comes forward unable to effectively land anything of consequences. We're going to the eighth round. [Applause] Two of boxing's biggest stars are on a collision course. May 31st, they'll show out on the same card as Caleb Plant looks to dominate Armando Resendis and Jeral Charlo returns against Thomas Lamont. Saturday, May 31st, streaming free for Prime members on Prime Video. Free first. Recuperate recuperate. Recuberade. How you feeling? Very good. How do you feel him? He's good. Is it slower? Yeah. He's going to be desperate. He's going to throw. What are you going to do? And when he's coming in, step back. Leave him short. All right. Yeah. Here we go. Let's see. Little work. Boom. There's that little shot. He snuck in there and you see the hands draw from. That's the sign. He felt it. Yeah. He faked him. He He faked that he was going to throw the uppercut and he got to the body. Round number eight. Asia fainting a little bit now. Double [Applause] jab shot [Applause] any content still working. Oh, he's still working and he's still dangerous. And you know, you got to be on your You got to be to stop a guy like this right now. He's still dangerous and be dangerous to anybody else other than in this fight. I think know but I think has him where he wants you making a lot of mistakes now. I mean he's ling in with that jab but with the right hand as well. So he's been here before. He's seen it. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Thomas 33 [Applause] [Music] shot. [Applause] Another such good job keeps busy with [Applause] [Music] that likes to bounce up and down to his feet. We don't see much [Music] because [Applause] Yeah. Heat. [Applause] [Music] around him. Back him up like that. Drag him up the whole night long. is nine. Nine coming up. Oh, see you control the round with the jab, right? He he rest and he work last 1 minute. Okay, he gets there last minute time to steal the round. Stay there. Stay there. You're good. [Music] Okay. Round number nine. And both of them throwing punches, landing punches, but the cleaner shots. as clean as a washing machine belonged to Canelo Alvarez. Yeah. Yeah. I saw the corner and the the body language he had discouraged in that corner and Canelo he still hasn't sat down. You know, he he took the [Applause] [Music] water. He's very just so proud, so professional, so great. on the inside going to the body, but it's again it's another avoiding and then Mia drops underneath that left throat but leaves himself open to the uppercut. Yeah, there's another uppercut by the right uppercut on the inside. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] It's always a [Music] [Applause] strange finish. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] I've heard Thomas Taylor warning to keep it. Hey, just don't retaliate, right? You throw a right hand, left hip to the body and it it administrate a little and complain about it and adjust it. [Applause] Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] really good good combinations the experience can just turn into [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] his body He's he's pretty on top. This is the main event here tonight in Las Vegas. Two of boxing's biggest stars are on a collision course. May 31st, they'll show out on the same card as Caleb Plant looks to dominate Armando Resendis and Jeral Charlo returns against Thomas Lamont. Saturday, May 31st, streaming free for Prime members on Prime Video. And there is Tank Davis taking in the action. David Benvidas right behind him. Benvitas would have loved to have been in the ring tonight against Canelo. He couldn't land the break, so he's moving on up. [Applause] There's a quick jab right hand from Canelo. Landed fairly well. Well, the good news for Haime, he landed a fight high 23 punches in the ninth round. Bad news, Canelo landed 25 had a good round last round. He was active and he's aggressive and he's turned around in this fight. That's what I love about he does not give up. He will keep pressing. He has to keep pressing. if Larry Hazard score card is any indication what's going on here tonight cuz he is down here a lot as we head into the championship rounds in 2 and 1/2 minutes continues to just be the center using his reflexes his instinct his defense and then the counters the power the experience it's Like both like Joe said, it's [Applause] [Music] [Applause] crazy. He is very dangerous right now. [Applause] [Music] the shoulder. Another long punch line continues to target his left arm and mention he carrying the biceps of Smith with those shots. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] It makes you feel comfortable. It makes you get off. Closing in on crashing the 1,000 combined punches in this championship fight. Just over 30 seconds away from heading into the championship round. [Applause] Heat. [Applause] Heat. [Applause] Heat up here. There's the jab, right hand. That's right hand that landed by McGee. That was a good one. Good body shot there from from Canelo as well. And there's there's that little deep jab and then a right hand right over the low left hand. That was a nice series of punches by Yeah, like I said, You can make you feel comfortable. He landed the shots landing shots. He's more tired than you. Arena sold out for the CO deio weekend main event for the undisputed super middleweight championship. has landed more punches against any other 33. Let's not forget who went into the championship [Applause] [Music] round. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Now it's [Applause] just thought this was the [Music] [Applause] [Music] only four times for the second time in his career to see the [Music] undefeated who by the way was knocked down for the first time in his career earlier tonight by a minute 45 [Applause] seconds to prove that he is 16 lb doesn't seem like I get [Applause] this no Watch those [Music] [Applause] hands. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] left and he remembers to put his went to the high guard now back again. Both of them with the high guard buddies. Yeah, he's those intentions of just forward pressure. [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Applause] just trying to get some shots. Just not as hard or as clean as I don't know. Two of boxing's biggest stars are on a collision course. May 31st, they'll show out on the same card as Caleb Plant looks to dominate Armando Resendis and Jeral Charlo returns against Thomas Lamont. Saturday, May 31st, streaming free for Prime members on Prime Video. [Music] Last round, dude. Last round. We're going to touch gloves at the belt. Yes, sir. Punches. Power punches. Boom. Boom. Last round. He's going to come out with everything. Throw everything in my back in my eye. That'll take care of [Music] it. What are you going to do? Win the damn fight, son. Did you do it right? It is the top sold out from Vivian Spear Alvarez on the verge of retaining his ground in Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] It's exactly what the [Applause] [Music] talking minutes left. This is it. Biggest fight of your life. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Champion [Music] here 12 already here in the 12 and final rounded [Applause] as well. This is it. Just over a minute left. Only 36 punches thrown by. He came out but combination has landed 43% of his punches. 49% of his power 45% of his games compared to 26% 40% 22% [Applause] [Music] 15 seconds [Applause] left. Heat. [Applause] Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Applause] So for the first time in his career, Canelo Alvarez goes the distance five consecutive times, but this was comprehensive. I just, you know, we talked about class was insensitive and he taught I mean Mongia a lot of valuable lessons that Mia can take moving forward. Now here he is the biggest fight atmosphere the biggest fight still just 27 years of age and yes we have not heard the official decision and believe me I need to make that point when it comes to boxing unfortunately but come on you're right is going to tell a lot from this fight I think he came into this fight a better fighter than he was three fights ago so I mean he's progressively getting better and better unfortunately he ran into the Western person was definitely out for everybody thought that this was going to be a more competitive closer fight for uh but as Moro mentioned school was on session on the teacher Canelo Alvarez taught a lot tonight and this was a perfect opportunity. He's got a PhD in pain. Let's revisit some of the action that went down in these 12 rounds here tonight at T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas. [Music] Oh, yeah. Started off really good with the volume of the combinations, but again, Canelo does that. He makes you feel like you're in the fight, but boom, here comes the uppercut and knocks you down. And he he gets you feeling comfortable with yourself and then unloads on you. And he pretty much repeated that all night. The body work from Canelo like like we mentioned he his body work in this fight was just brilliant. I mean the youth from from obviously was there and he continued he the last round he wanted it big but again Canelo's accuracy and um you know power punches were just too much for him. And the punch stats courtesy of Compu Box. The numbers really do tell the story here with Canelo Alvarez. Impressive percentages. And for Mongia gave it his best ever. He gave it the old college try to continue our education team. But let's make it uh let's find out who walks out at T-Mobile Arena as the undisputed super middleweight champion. Here's Miguel Flores. Ladies and gentlemen, after 12 rounds of action, we go to the judges scorecards. Judge Tim Cheetum sees the contest 117 to 110. Judge David Sutherland sees it 116- 111. And Judge Steve Weissfeld sees it 115- 112 for your winner by unanimous decision. And still the WBC, WBA, IBF, WBO undisputed super middleweight champion of the world, Saul Canelo Alan. Remember what I said about the judges? They got it right, but no scores. Panelo Alvarez remains an undisputed super middleweight champion in his 65th professional fight. Two of boxing's biggest stars are on a collision course. May 31st, they'll show out on the same card as Caleb Plant looks to dominate Armando Resendis and Jeral Charlo returns against Thomas Lamont. Saturday, May 31st, streaming free for Prime members on Prime Video. [Music] Let's go. [Music] is fighting for the first time here in Las Vegas, a city synonymous with boxing glory. Fighting his first championship caliber opponent, marking his second fight in 90 days following his November victory. a fifth round KO of Elizar Venezuela. And with this opportunity, not only to knock off a huge fan favorite in Mexico, but again, as we just witnessed that touching tribute to one of the greatest action fighters we have seen in Israel Vasquez, the opportunity to take home that commemorative Aztec warrior belt. Yes, this is a fight, but it's it's about much more than that, Brian. It's about it's about pride. It's about legacy. It's about honoring the great tradition of Mexican boxing, which I think automatically means great alltime action fights. Whether you're talking about Vasquez versus Marquez in the fouright series, or hey, how about Santa Cruz versus Marz. All right. Thank you. Thank you for that, brother. Yeah. And let's not forget the battle of the Z boys back in the day. Carlos Alto Zamora 25th anniversary this month of Eric Morales, Marco Antonio Barrera, the first of their three incredible fights. One of the greatest trilogies we have ever seen. And now let's listen to the reaction that Pitbull Cruz will be getting here in Vegas. One of his favorite cities to fight. [Music] on your way [Music] [Applause] in the story down [Music] for Esock Pit Bull Cruz just 25 years old and third career third consecutive fight at full 140 lb limit. He's one and one at the full 140 lb superweight lightweight limit coming off that loss to Jos Valenuela where he dropped his his title. But Pinpull did not want to run it back with Venuela because of the well the styles clash and the fact that yeah Venuela was he flipped the script. They thought they were going to go toe-to-toe monu but Venuela said I'm going to keep it sweet. Utilize that jab, utilize the movement and he was able to defeat Cruz. approves tonight wants to reestablish himself as that allaction Mexican hero. Something tells me Fiero is going to apply. A willing dance partner to say the very least. [Applause] All right, with the official ring introductions once again, let's go to the center of the ring. And here is Jimmy Lennon Jr. Well, fans from the T-Mobile Arena here in Las Vegas, Nevada, Premier Boxing presents an all Mexican WBC special attraction brought to you by Samson Boxing, Warriors Boxing, TGB Promotions and Mayweather Promotions and sponsored by DraftKings Sportsbook. The crown is yours. And by Elmexo brand products, bringing authentic Sabor to your table, Somos Elmexo. and by the film Last Breath. Every breath counts, starring Woody Harelson. Every every Only in theaters, February the 28th. Introducing our three judges scoring this bout from ringside from Nevada, Eric Cheek. From Connecticut, Don Trella, and from New Jersey, Steve Weissfeld. Introducing our referee in charge of this bout, the third man in the ring, Alan Huggin. All right, fans. Here we go. 10 rounds of boxing. scheduled for the WBC super lightweight Aztec warrior belt. Introducing to you first on my right, fighting out of the red corner, wearing black trunks with camouflage trim, fighting out of and representing Sona Norte, Tijuana Baja, California, Mexico. He weighed in at 139 lbs with a record of 23 wins, two losses, and two draws. He has 18 of his wins coming by way of knockout. Please welcome the hard charging world ring contender introducing Anel Tashiro [Applause] Fiero and his opponent across the ring fighting out of the blue corner wearing blue trunks with white trim hailing from Mexico City Laad de Mexico. He weighed in at 138.6 lb. His record stands at 26 wins, three losses, and one draw with 18 wins coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the popular allaction former WBA super lightweight champion of the world, Esacho Pitbull Clu. Once again, a referee in charge. Now to give instructions, Alan Huggin. Gentlemen, you both been giving your instructions. Obey my command at all times. Protect yourself at all times. Anything from here on up is good. From here on up is good. Touch gloves. Good luck. Alan Huggins, the referee. The latest chapter of Mexico versus Mexico. Mono versus mono about to be authored here at T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas. Esso, Pitbull Cruz, Unhealthier fighting for the commemorative Aztec Warrior Championship. These promise to display more heart than Lour De Moore coming up later this month. And here we go. Buckle your seat belts for this one. And already they're getting after it. Where's that feeling process? I know that never from Cruz. He's the type of guy that's just going to pressure, relentless pressure, body work, just volume. And and Fier Oh, Fier said, "Hey, I'm going to sit in the pocket as well." That's the way that's the only way Fiero knows. He told us, "I'm going to go full force straight ahead." And he said it's going to come down to who's better conditioned. Let's see if they even get out of this first round with the way Pitull's unloading power shots. I believe the jab will be ignored so much that it will develop abandonment issues in this fight, you guys. And yet, honestly, in talking to people, if Esau Cruz were to establish an up and down jack, he might have more success. But we know what Esau Cruz is all about. One gear forward. Yeah, I like that. Cruz always fights slow and compact. And that what that's what makes it so hard to be hit. That's what prevented Tank Davis land punches as well. He's a small guy as it is and he bends those knees. He gets it gets in low. Speaking of Cruz, see Chris digging in deep with those left hands to the body. For as big as Fiero is, you see the height advantage, the nearly 7in reach advantage. We never expected that to be part of his game plan and it's not. This is toe-to-toe fighting. Oh, beautiful right hand from Cruz. That's an uppercut and straight punch and body work. Cruz have never been knocked down as a professional. Fiero's been down twice. Counter right hand in the first round, right hook in the second against Alberto Machado, but that was a fight that Fiero came back to win. And uh there he came to Puerto Rico on six days notice and got up off the canvas twice to deliver the big knockout win. That's the attitude that Fiero brings to the ring. Whatever you want to say about his skill set. Oh, he comes to fight. Oh yeah. Is he ever? Yeah, he possesses power in both hands. Again, he's getting hit a lot. We're in the final minute of this round and already Cruz has thrown 64 punches. Bureau's thrown 59. [Applause] This year marks the 700th anniversary. Really where the seeds were planted for Mexico City. And of course the the Mexican fan base really courarssing through this entire sport. Brian right hook by Cruz. That Mexican fan base has long been the backbone of boxing. And you hear that ovation for Pitbull with that honest style. They're letting it go early on. Every punch being thrown with bad intentions. Fiero counters with a combination upstairs. Wow, man. What a round. Two of boxing's biggest stars are on a collision course. May 31st, they'll show out on the same card as Caleb Plant looks to dominate Armando Resendis and Jeral Charlo returns against Thomas Lamont. Saturday, May 31st, streaming free for Prime members on Prime Video. We're working good with more jab. And then the straight to the body and then come back up. Okay, but relax. Relax. Everything's coming out good. Don't leave that body open. Work the jab. Jab and straight right hand to the body. Okay. From the opening bell, Cruz and Fiero, they went from zero to 100 real quick. I love that. That was a beautiful exchange from both of those. A lot more from Pipple Cruz. Obviously, the volume, the placement of punches, and here's the right hand. Straight right hand to the chin. Great chin from from Fiero, even though he stumbled there. He lost his balance. But all Pibbo Cruz in the first round. Mexicanstyle boxing, the fearless aggression, the relentless pressure, the the heart, the guts, the determination. Round one, it was Pimple Cruz landing 42 of 77 punches while Fiero 24 of 78. So, while they threw the same amount, it was Cruz doubling them up in connection. Big left hooks from Cruiser again. Another left hook upstairs by Cruz. And I was just going to say that in the last round, I like what Fiero did in the last second, which is counter punch. And that's what he needs to do against Cous. Use that jab and counter punch. Wait for for Cruz to make mistakes. Almost enough of Cruz's power connect body punches. Cruz going upstairs, working left hook, right hand to stalking. There was a feeling coming in that Fiero might have the punching advantage. He's been at 140 longer, but Cruz is backing him up with big shots in the early going. Yeah, FO forced to fight off the back foot. There's a beautiful jab body work. Straight jab. Two left hooks to deliver by Cruz. The right hand. Short right by Fiero. That one seemed like he wanted to go down right there. Fier body shot. Yeah. Midway through the second. Oh, almost punched by Cruz and culminates that combination with a chopping right hand upstairs. That was definitely that definition of a buffalo punch. How he threw it away, baby. Fiero's taking his power shots well, though. Look, this is a Tijana kid. He's had Eric Morales as a mentor from the beginning of his career. At one point, Morales trained him. And you have to understand, these are the fights Fiero prefers to be in. Left hook to the body by Fiero. And now he goes to the body, but not as much power behind his punches that we've seen from Cruz thus far. Cruz, beautiful lead left hook to the body. Right hand upstairs. Beautifully placed right by Cruz again. He takes one or two to place four or five. Speaking of Cruz, what did we say at the top of the telecast of Mexican style of boxing? The willingness to take one. [Applause] You got to love the combination punching here from Pit early on taking the fight right to Fiero. And there's a [Applause] jab. The overhand rights from just there's pulling straight back. Oh, beautiful le combination by FO backing up. That might have been his best combination of the fight, but there's always an answer by Cruz. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] You're working good. Where's the best lead? Listen, the only thing that you're doing wrong, you got to work in the inside. A little bit more in the inside. You already worked them, but now the inside. Chef Cruz is beginning to cook with those left hooks to the body. Imagine that. Mexican fighters going to the body after. How weird. How weird is that? That left hook always ending with the left hook. Starting to the body by Cruz. But those overhand lefts. Beautiful. Just bending his knees and powerful left hooks. I don't know how Fiero is still standing up. He caught two or three left hooks to the chin. And there is the I mean those combinations there is a lane for the counter right down the middle. Brian Cruz is throwing some wide combinations as well. One thing about Fiero though, as we saw in those replays, if he doesn't start returning that right hand back to its defensive base after throwing it, Cruz is going to time him all night with that hook. Yeah, he's trying to counter punch the arrow. Again, Cruz is just too aggressive. He always has to respondse after a combination from Fiero. Cruz continues to walk down. Fiero goes to the body. Uppercut on the inside, lands for Cruz. And those the inside punches that the corner was asking for. Nice one, two through the guard by Cruz. Furl, like Brian said, there's a right hand, but fewer and farther between here. There's a right uppercut by Furo. able to escape off the ropes but on his back foot and this is the this is where Cruz wants his opponent on the back foot feeling the pressure both physically and mentally indeed Fiero still believed though coming in that he could outlast Cruz in this fight he trained at altitude in Tuca Mexico in preparation for this let's see whether he can make the type of adjustments to keep Cruz off of him he talked about that conditioning he's been saying and and he's going to need it because Cruz is going to be in your race. All 12 rounds, 10 rounds, I'm sorry. You've ever wondered why Cruz is such a popular fighter with such a big fan base? It's because of this honest, aggressive style. Coming up on the midway point of the third, and there's a wild punch by Cruz, missing with the right hand. But Pierro unable to sit down on his punches, unable to really get set because of that pressure. And there gets clipped with a sweeping right hand upstairs. Fiero trying to utilize the jab, trying to utilize lateral movement, but it's wave after wave of the cruise attack. He is in cruise control, but that doesn't mean that he's just taking it easy. Cruise control means a completely different thing when it's Es Cruz. No doubt. We question whether Fiero would use that reach advantage. Cruz is not even giving him a chance to by crowding him with those short hooks inside. Oh, big right hand. Yes, Fiero comes back. And there lands another right. And here we go. Toe to toe. What the fans expected. Look at that backbone of Fiero firing back. Give and take. Party. There ain't no party like an uppercut party cuz an uppercut party don't stop. And here we go. A pitcher battle in round three. Fiero and FGO finding a comeback. Another right hand left but Cruz fights back. Tremendous with 15 seconds left in round three. Fier is urging him to take advantage here. Upper cuts are ready. What an exchange. What a round. Wow. [Applause] Relax. Relax. Yeah, right. He's tired already when you touch him. Don't take too long to counter punch. You got to do the jab. Straight punches. Those are the punches that were landing and the uppercuts. Listen, you touched him already. He's hurt. [Applause] All right, let us go back to what transpired in that thrilling third round. And here are the shots, Brian, that caught Cruz messed with his equilibrium off the tempo. And this is Fiero punching with his back to the ropes in the corner, taking big punishment, but willing to come back and deliver it. He got Cruz's attention for sure though. Definitely did that right hand over and over and then he switched it as an uppercut. All right, round number four in round three. Fiero outlanded Cruz 27-21. The first round that Fiero has outlanded Cruz. We remember that Fiero got off the canvas twice in the f against Alberto Machado and stopped him. He got hurt by Pitull early in this fight, but now he's beginning to turn the tide. Definitely is. You talked about the conditioning, the willingness, the heart, and obviously both fighters showing it, but a lot more from Pier because he's the one taking the punches. We're giving a lot more back to him. Yeah, you have to forgive me. My Spanish is not that great, but okay. On both sides of the English, no doubt from Pier Sean. Guts. Pick it up. Pick it up. Pick it up. Looked like Pitful was possibly hurt by those right hands last round, but he did take it well. His legs are back under him as they continue to get back to business here. [Music] Winding up with that right hand. Flashes. A stiff jab, but Feralo and the head clash. Accidental clash of heads. When you're a dimminionive sized fighter like Cruz coming in at 54 and we've seen it in the past, he leaves with his tendency to lead with his head. No block. Yeah, he does. He's a smaller guy always leaving with the head to keep him with the jab, the distance. You wonder whether those body shots could eventually slow Fiero's attack, but they are back to head hunting here. Left hand clap Fiero. But be careful because every time that Cous does that, he creates an opening for the uppercut for the inside punches that Fiero can land. Less than a minute remaining in the fourth and they have already combined to throw 500 punches. Cruz out landing Fiero 107 to 85. But we've seen Fiero come up especially in that last round with the first round that he outlanded Cruz and right now hanging tough with him here in the fourth ring. Well, it's hard to compare Fier. Wow. It's hard to compare Fiero to a Hall of Famer like Morales. But one thing about Eric Morales, when you hit him, he wanted to get that receipt back right away. You're seeing that same spirit of Fiero. Yeah, we all definitely he'll come back with a combination of his own and that's what we're seeing tonight against the body goes upstairs with a combination punches in punches. Many of them landing flush. Let them cook. Mo, let them cook. Let them cook. And speaking of Mexican style, two of boxing's biggest stars are on a collision course. May 31st, they'll show out on the same card as Caleb Plant looks to dominate Armando Resendis and Jeral Charlo returns against Thomas Lamont. Saturday, May 31st, streaming free for Prime members on Prime Video. We're going to see the right hand for Piple Cruz. Beautiful right in the chin. almost draw Fiero with that right hand. All right, guys. That's it for Pier. This is just the fifth round and the the stats are growing exponentially and they continue to invest to the body and just looking to record the knockout. Both of them want this to end before the final bell. See that focused body attack this round from Pipple, but he's getting countered with the right hand by Fiero. But there was a good right hand upstairs by Pitbull. Leaves with the right like Benvdas does and went downstairs with a left hook to the liver. Right uppercut misses with for Cruz. Nice combination from Firo. Really good. Beautiful hand drive from Fiero as well. Peno landed a career best 39 power shots in round one. And his power connects well. They have dropped each round down to 18 only in round four. Firo certainly working his way back into the fight. He's got the respect of Cruz and this is becoming the mono immano fight we all signed up for coming in. We talked about how comfortable with his head right there. Is there an echo here to leave his head and being warned by the referee for doing so? Well, again, we talk about Styles making fights, but C Bruce, he landed 114 punches through four rounds tonight. Against Venuela, he landed 118 total. You guys, we are through the midway point of the fifth round of the fight. And now Cruz connecting on Fiero. Coround him in the corner momentarily. And you can tell that Cruz is throwing every punch with power. So, I mean, wonder how long he's going to last, you know, throwing those punches. Is he going to tire out now? They're lands for Cruz upstairs. Pierro beginning to to miss, but getting to slow down in his rhythm as well. No question about it. And we could talk about Cruz being such an honest fighter. He was honest about that Valenuela loss. He said, "I didn't underestimate him at all. It was just a rough night. Sometimes you look awesome, but that night he just wasn't on his game to the level he expected." Yeah. and styles make fights. Obviously, Von saw the style was just too brilliant that night. A lot of movement, but definitely not the case tonight against Fier's right there. Gibby does a great fight standing toe-to-toe against Cous. Counter right hand just misses for Fiero. Leads with the right hook and scores upstairs. There's a clipping right hand by Cruz. Cruz just 25 years old. Fiero just 26 yet to enter their physical primes, but at the lower weights, we know those primes don't last long, especially when someone like Pickle turning pro at age 16. [Applause] Four punch combination culminating with a left hook upstairs by Cruz. [Music] See, you're doing really good. Straight, right, and left. Now, now we got to work. I already told you. Just listen. The jab, the jab, upstairs, downstairs, and then straight right hand. When you do it, when you do it, trust me, you're going to knock him down. All right. All right. Well, Esau Cruz definitely doesn't discriminate. He'll give you the right. And of course, he'll follow up with the left. And a lot of power shots on display here tonight in Las Vegas. Just like that. That's a perfect example what the corner wanted. Jab upstairs, jab downstairs, and the straight right hand. It's a beautiful left hook against Fier. But then again, we talked about how comfortable Fier was at this weight class. He's a big guy, so he's absorbing these punches really well so far. You know what? If you land 40% of your power punches, it's a good night at the office. If you land 50%, it's a great night. Cruz is landing 53% of his power punches. A sensational night thus far for the Dominion Dynamo. And our unofficial score, Larry Hazard, has Fiero trailing by three points on his scorecard. He gave Cruz the first two rounds. Fiero coming on. Yeah, exactly. Coming on as as far as putting pressure now in this round. Fiero, despite him taking punches, now it's him trying to move Cruz back. Fiero just doesn't go away as he turns the tables on Pitle here. Pimple on the ropes momentarily. The jab from Fiero long distance and trying to establish the proper range for FO with that reach advantage. Mid-range doesn't want to get too close. Well, we questioned, is it a reach advantage if you don't use it? He's got 6 and 12 in. You're seeing a little bit of that as he fights from middle distances, but he's still in distance to eat the counter from the guy with the the reach disadvantage. There's a couple of left hooks make that three four and Furo unloading. Good block by Furo. Brought up the left hand just in the nick of time to block that right from Cruz. He's getting a little wild free sock pitull Cruz here in the six. As we begin the second half of this 10 rounder at 140 on the commemorative Aztec warrior belt, we got a couple of Guanedos inside the ring tonight. Do we ever? And speaking of Guerrero kind of resembles a but Morales, you talked about Morales being his maner. And look at him. He's pushing him back. The way he's moving his hands as well. He resembles Morales. No doubt. may not have the same exact uh skill set, but he certainly brings that power, that ferociousness, and this is some of FO's best work since late in round three when he rallied to take that from Cruz. Right uppercut and of course when you talk about Guerrero, you got to mention a minute left here in the six. Rest in power, my man. No rest for Cruz and Fiero, that's for sure. Conditioning is paramount. I was talking to a trainer. Didn't want to be uh identified. But he said, "You know, it would really help Cruz if he would just step to the right or left and throw punches once in a while instead of just squaring up and coming forward." But I mean, hey, the recipe is there and it tastes pretty good for Cruz thus far in his career. Less than 30 seconds left here in the sixth. Yeah, obviously there's always room for improvement, but if it works, keep doing it. And so far, it's always worked for Cruz. Good round here though for Fier overall. Another great round of action. Cruz versus Fiero. An all Mexican pitched battle. [Applause] and we're doing really good. I told you already. I know you're good. Have confidence in the condition you have. I want you to push him now. Push him back. Relax. Breathe. Water. Please relax. Relax. All right. Pour water on his head. in this round. I want attitude. I want attitude in this round. Press him. Okay. All right. Everybody get out. Hey, listen. He's there. He's there. He's ready. He's done. He's done. My mouth is [Music] [Applause] Round number seven scheduled for 10 in the 140 lb weight division. Unofficial score and Larry Hazard gave the last round to Fiero. It's now 5856 through six on his unofficial scorecard for Cruz. So things are getting closer and I can see what the game plan was now just by listening to the corner Tyrone Al Cruz. He said this is the second half of the fight. Push him back now. It's your turn. Push him back. And he did that in the last round. Speaking of the last round, round six. Those 15 punches that Cruz landed fight low for the former champ. Fiero landed him 23- 15 in the sixth frame. Threw 77 punches compared to Cruz's 60. But man, Cruz has a huge advantage when it comes to body shots. No question about it. He made that investment early on. Although you saw a good counter uppercut there from Fiero. was able to get that extension when they fight on the inside there. He's fighting low now. I like that about Fiero. He's not standing up straight. He's fighting low and trying to get those uppercuts in. He's pushing him back. You don't hear that against Cruz. Yeah, you can hear it from Fiero's corner. They believe Cruz is slowing down. Minute and a half left here in the seventh stanzone. Fiero avoiding that sweeping left hook and lands the jab. Cruz commits to the body again, but Fiero remains active up top, landing shots to the head. Yeah, a lot of catch and shoot from Fier and getting uh making Cruz miss a lot of but definitely a deceleration for both fighters in terms of their offense here in the seventh. A minute left. Good body shot there from Cruz. Nice. [Music] Another body shot. Oh, good combination by FO. The referee, much to the consternation of FO's corner, saying, "Come on, that was on the belt line." Double jab from Fiero. Right uppercut misses. Wow. Is that a jab from Cru? You think that was allowed in this fight? There's a counter right hand that landed for Fiero. Interesting though. Fiero told us this week he feels like Pitull overlooked him. You know, there were rumors that Pitull was in talks of a popular Ryan Garcia fight and he felt he'd been overlooked and he's fighting that way up to this point. He's a good person. set. [Applause] Two of boxing's biggest stars are on a collision course. May 31st, they'll show out on the same card as Caleb Plant looks to dominate Armando Resendis and Jamal Charlo returns against Thomas Lamont. Saturday, May 31st, streaming free for Prime members on Prime Video. Be alert. Be alert. We need to keep working. Keep hurting them. Work to the body. Keep working the body. That's what that's what's going to make it better for you. Don't give up the initiative. Be first. Don't let him get out first. That's what the the judges are going to see that he's going to fight. You be first. go and throw the uppercut. If he goes low, if he's leaning down, I want the uppercut. Okay? Hit him in the inside. So, listen. If he goes down, I want the uppercut. Just pick him up. Pick him up with the uppercut. All right, guys. You ready for this? As we begin round eight, Pierro has landed more punches against Pitbull. 154 and counting than any previous pitbull opponent in his 12 previous fights trapped by Compubox. The previous high was 153. By the way, this is just round eight scheduled for 10. Cruz wanted a fight. He got one. Remember, this is Cruz's bounce back from that Venuela fight. He wanted to send a big message. He may be getting an edge when it comes to rounds, but Fiero just isn't going anywhere. And he's closing the gap in terms of total connects as well as Fiero. And even myself, I'm not going to lie. I saw Pier fight and I said, you know what, this is tailor made for Cruz. He's going to be Yeah, he's right in front of him. But again, not easy and he's still in the fight. Fier doing his own his own work. But when you have the first ever Aztec and again as you know me I mean they sanctioning bodies give out belts like Costco gives out food samples but but in terms of the commemorative Aztec warrior championship belt especially when you honor a guy like Israel Vasquez and for my money the first three fights between Vasquez and Raphael Marquez maybe the greatest trilogy that I've ever witnessed. I know there was a a quatrology there, but in this fight, these two are living up to the the the symbolism of that belt. And no doubt, this was about honoring the Mexican heritage. These two are certainly doing that and then some at this point. [Applause] Wow, great body work. We get great fight. Two Mexican warriors going at it. Toeto toe Cruz. Great body whip from Cruz right there. If you notice, every time Cruz lands a big hook, you get a three-punch combination immediately after from Fiero. You have to wonder how the judges are going to be scoring these exchanges. A final minute of the eighth. The way they're attacking each other is the way you would expect keyboard warriors to hit those keys as they're in the comment section drinking that hatery. Yeah, the hatery. Nobody reads the comments, do they? No, of course not. Plenty of comments, I'm sure, are being made online about this fight, however, because Cruz and Fiero are have already crashed. They've combined to throw over 1,000 punches and we have yet to hit round nine. Oh, the left hook lands for Cruz upstairs. Fiero continues to throw back. Every straight punch that Fier threw landed. What a fight. [Music] [Applause] Don't get on top of them. Don't lean forward. I told you. I told you. You got to be first. Don't give up the initiative. I told you that. Don't let that happen. Okay? You got to give it to him. intell intelligent uppercuts, body shots. Okay. Okay. But I want you to push him. Push him. Push him. Okay. Someone who would love this fight and who chronicled with his pugilistic pro so many legendary battles during a legendary career is the one and only Michael Katz who recently passed away. Our condolences go to his family and friends. Rest in peace, Michael Catz. But there is no peace here between Cruz and Fier. Round nine and in the last round, guys, you ready for this? Fiero landed a fight high 28 punches. So, he is closing the gap. How much has he closed the gap? According to our unofficial score, Larry Hazard, this fight is now deadlocked. High drama in Sim City. Cruz has certainly met his match in Fiero who won't let him breathe as they continue to go toe-to-toe. Remember Cruz got off to a very aggressive start. Yes, he did. Will that slow him down at the end? It doesn't look like it at this moment. Now he's always going to be trying. Speaking of Cruz, always pushing forward, but again, not the same with endless power punches from Cruz. Total punches through nine rounds. Fiero and Cruz. Cruz has landed 202 of 502. So he has the edge in total punches landed. And of course in boxing every round scored individually. 10point must system. There's a right hook that lands upstairs for Cruz. The eye catching punches. Yeah, Cruz has the puck. Nice right uppercut. Left hook combo from Fiero. Goes to the body. Getting a little wild. Getting a little scrappy. Fiero's thrown 637 punches. And he does not appear to be slowing down one bit. 26 years of age, his 28th professional fight, 23 wins, 18 knockouts. The Luca Mexico high altitude where he was training. Fiero. Well, at the weigh-in, they stared into each other's souls. We are watching them try to steal each other's souls in this vintilating scrap. Wow. Lead left hook by Cruz. Catches Fiero on the chin. Whether or not Fiero can ultimately pull off this upset from the very beginning when this fight was announced. He's acted like he belongs in this ring across from Cruz. We've talked about thrilling trilogies. Mexico versus Mexico. We could be seeing another one begin right here tonight. But it might squad it again. Let's get a rebound. Let's see how it ends. So, give and take. Big left hand. A big left hand and the big right hand by Cruz. And now again, just standing in front of each other, swinging with bad intentions. Oh, he gets clipped but still standing. Let's listen to this crowd. [Applause] Coming up on the final three minutes of what has definitely lived up to the hype. Hype, can you say fight of the year candidate? I knew you could. Two of boxing's biggest stars are on a collision course. May 31st, they'll show out on the same card as Caleb Plant looks to dominate Arando Resendis and Jamal Charlo returns against Thomas Lamont. Saturday, May 31st. Streaming free for Prime members on Prime Video. He's done. He's done. He's dead. Remember I told you last round? I want more. How [Music] much? Inside. Inside. I want you to close this fight. Intelligent though. I want you to close right. You got the capacity. You can do this. Do it. Please. Listen. I know you can do it. I know you can. This is the last round. This is the last round. I know you want it. I want you to close it. [Music] Step Warriors. Let's cheer them on. And they enter the center of the ring. Round 10. The collaborative Aztec Warrior Championship belt on the line. Two blood and guts warriors ready to do it for the 10th and final round. He saw Cruz and Hell Fiero have been. One thing to notice, Cruz could not miss in the final minute last round with those big counter left hooks. And Fiero still leaving that right hand down on the exchanges. And Fiero is coming on in the second half of this fight, guys. He is now official unofficially ahead on Larry Hazard scorecard. Is he ever he's closing this fight. He's closing this round. My god, what a fight. High drama as anticipated. Look at this. Look at this. [Applause] taking their breath away, taking our breath away. How incredible is it when a fight that is filled as a fight of the year candidate delivers and then saw two warriors not willing to take a backwards step. And they won't. They definitely won't, especially in this last round, knowing that this round might be the decisive round either way. They got to close the show. [Applause] Big left hand from Cruz once again. Upper cut by Cruz, but overextending there, but see when he gets close, Cruz is landing. Cruz's hands are down. Fiero still looks like the fresher fighter here. Yeah, a lot more. Landing a lot more Fier in this round. And he comes back. Anytime is the right time for a Wukang clan reference. These two are bringing the ruckus. And Wuan the chef, a huge boxing fan. He's watching these two cook. [Applause] the [Applause] demon. Cruz launching an attack. Firo standing his ground. What heart from Cruz to rally big here in the final 30 seconds. Bigger hard for Pier who keeps to continue to fight this fight. [Applause] A visceral display of courage, skill, and determination that defines the essence of not only Mexican boxing but boxing period. Full stop. V for Mexico, me by Isaac Cruz and Uno. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] After 30 scintillating minutes of action, these two getos combined to throw 1,400 10 punches. In the end, Cruz outlands Fiero 248 to 238. Fiero outlands him in the jabs department 45-29. Cruz outlands Fiero in the body punches department 99- 40. It will come down to the three judges chosen by the Nevada State Athletic Commission to determine the victor. And we are watching in slow motion. A cocktail of concussive punches. The beauty and brutality of boxing. Each pitbull cruise on an hell Fiero leaving it all in the ring. And we've been talking about the numbers and here they are in all their glory. And now I know the fans are sitting on pins and needles, but you know who's got the verdict? Jimmy Lennon Jr. and gentlemen, we've all witnessed an outstanding 10 rounds of action. No matter who the winner is, they both deserve a round of applause. Anel Fiero Isach Cruz. Well fans, after 10 rounds of action, we have a unanimous decision. Here are the score totals. Judge at ringside, Steve Weissfeld scores about 96 to 94. Don Trellises at 97 to 93. Eric Cheek scores the bout 98 to 92. All three in favor of the winner truly deserving the WBC Aztec Warrior belt, Esoch Pitbull Cruz. Esau Pitbull Cruz escapes the toughest 10 rounds of his career and picks up the victory. But the classic crew sharing in his accolades. Two of boxing's biggest stars are on a collision course. May 31st, they'll show out on the same card as Caleb Plant looks to dominate Armando Resendis and Jeral Charlo returns against Thomas Lammano. Saturday, May 31st, streaming free for Prime members on Prime Video. You know, it's only appropriate that big fights go down here in the fight capital of the world, Las Vegas, in the fighting cathedral of T-Mobile Arena, the Mexican monster, David Benvitz. He's unbeaten. So is David Morell. They're both knockout artists. Two guys who can't get along. Now they got to get it on. And for that, we go ringside. Here's Mororrow Ronaldo. Thank you very much, Brian. Indeed. David Benvdas versus David Morurell. As we go to the El Mexico tale of the tape, it's Morel with the longer wingspan. He's actually a half inch taller than Benvdz. And look at the ages. Benvitz turned 28. Morell tried to give him a bell. Well, he threw it at him. Wasn't exactly the gift he was looking for in their first that press conference. But again, in their physical primes, 50/50 fight, undefeated fighters. This is something that has to happen a lot more often in the sport of boxing. It's happening here tonight. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] David Morell brings a blend of sharp technique, Cuban boxing pedigree, and explosive power. Offensively, he lands 44% of his power punches, and he controls fights with precision. Defensively, proven to be a fortress, you guys, landing just seven punches per round to land. And yeah, he didn't get the knockout in his first fight at 175 lbs against the double top Bosnian American hot rod Kajichic, but he also was under the blazing side of Los Angeles. Came out looking for the knockout in the first five rounds, was unable to get it and maybe slowed down a bit, but he still scored the win and he's still undefeated and he's still looking to plant his flag in the light heavyweight division here tonight. Morell is as dynamic an opponent as Benovitz has faced in his career. And let's not forget Morel has wanted the smoke ever since turning pro. He fought for a title in just his third fight. And tonight we find out the answers of whether he can hang in the kitchen in the second half when Benvitas makes it hot. Was that a a pluck for all the smoke? I've been known to. Well, we're ready for all the smoke here in Sin City. I mentioned it earlier. Want to reiterate Bob Santos who's worked with Morell and Benitas by the way. Uh he Morel's hands the biggest he's seen on a guy his size. And here's a guy already receiving a terrific response and really knocking on the proverbial door of superstardom. Done everything he has needed to do. Has spent many years calling out the biggest dive in the game. Canelo Alvarez unable to land that fight. So he too moved up in weight. He dominated. A former lineal light heavyweight champion, an Olympic medalist in Alexander Bowick. He did it with an injured knuckle in his left hand, torn tendons in his right hand, suffered a cut in sparring. But again, because he didn't get the knockout, a lot of people criticized his performance. That's all in the past. The moment is here. This is the opportunity for David Benvdz to prove that yeah, he is the monster. He is the boogeyman and he is the one who is going to well earn a shot at undisputed glory. Aruret better Dmitri Bibo will run it back on February 22nd. Better be edible in their first fight. But tonight it's about Benvidas versus Morel. Someone's O will disappear. And we are here in Las Vegas to witness what we hope will live up to all of the billing. Here is Jimmy Lennon [Applause] Jr. Ladies and gentlemen, we welcome you to the T-Mobile Arena here in Las Vegas, Nevada, as Premier Boxing Champions presents the PBC pay-per-view on Prime. Much anticipated featured bout of the evening brought to you by Samson Boxing. Warriors Boxing, GGB Promotions, and Mayweather Promotions as sponsored by DraftKings Sportsbook. The crown is yours by El Mexico brand products. Bringing authentic Sabore to your table. Somos Elmexo and by the film Last Breath. Make every breath count. Starring Woody Harelson. only in theaters February 28th. This unification championship is sanctioned by the WBC president Mauricio Sulleman and the WBA President Hilberto Jesus Mendula along with the Nevada State Athletic Commission. The chairman is Dallas Han executive director Jeff Mullen. Introducing our three judges scoring from ringside. From Nevada, Tim Cheetum. Also from Nevada, Patricia Morse Gar. and from New Jersey, Steve Weissfeld. And presenting our third man to the ring, the referee in charge. He will be giving instructions after the introductions, Thomas Taylor. All right, fans, here we go with the main event of the evening. 12 rounds of boxing in a battle of undefeated stars of the sport for the interim WBC and WBA light heavyweight championship of the world. And now, ladies and gentlemen in attendance and boxing fans joining us around the world, live from the T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas, it's prime time. Introducing to you first on my right, the WBA title holder fighting out of the red corner, wearing black trunks with silver trim, fighting out of Minneapolis, Minnesota by way of Santa Clara Kuba. He weighed in at 174.2 lb. He is undefeated in his campaign in the ring with a record of 11 wins, no losses, nine of his wins coming by way of knockout. Here is the former WBA super middleweight champion of the world. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the current hard-hitting southpaw battle ready, undefeated, and defending WBA light heavyweight world champion. Introducing David [Applause] Morel and his opponent across the ring. The interim WBC title holder on my left fighting out of the blue corner wearing red camouflage trunks fighting out of Las Vegas by way of Phoenix, Arizona. He weighed in the same as his opponent, 174.2 2 lb. Undefeated in his tremendous campaign with a record of 29 wins, no losses, 24 wins coming by way of knockout. Here is one of the popular stars of boxing today. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the hard-hitting twotime WBC middleweight world champion and the current undefeated reigning interim WBC light heavyweight champion of the world. Introducing the Mexican monster, David El Monro [Applause] [Music] Benites. Once again, our referee in charge is Thomas Taylor. Now to give instructions right here. Okay, coaches, everything on the white here is going to be good. Up. Everything underneath the silver letters and up is going to be good. Gentlemen, you got some very detailed instructions in the back. Want to remind you, protect yourselves at all times. Listen my commands. Touch them up. David, touch them up. Back to your corner. Referee Thomas Taylor refering his first David Morurell fight. Refereeing his fourth David Benvitas fight. His third consecutive Benvitas fight. Benvitas didn't want to touch gloves, but he's ready to touch up David Morell. And Morell ready to do the same. Two of boxing's biggest stars are on a collision course. May 31st, they'll show out on the same card as Caleb Plant looks to dominate Armando Resendis and Jamal Charlo returns against Thomas Lamont. Saturday, May 31st, streaming free for Prime members on Prime Video. Shot and undisputed light heavyweight glory goes to the victor. This is round number one. Ever since this fight was announced, Morell has not hesitated to poke the bear or maybe we should say poke the monster. We're about to find out whether you need to be careful what you ask for because Benvdas is here. Yeah, when you got that much power, believe me, you you got the confidence in you and that's morale. [Applause] The relentless powerhouse that is David Benavidz. The Cuban sharpshooter with ruthless precision that is David Morell. No matter how you look at this fight, it is an incredible matchup and what a way to usher in the new year. PBC on pay-per-view. Benvdz walking down Morel. Morell the southpaw. Benvdas has defeated Demetrius Andred and Dennis Douglan. He says he he loves chasing lefties. He hasn't faced a southpaw like David Morel. Certainly not somebody with the speed, explosiveness, and variety of offense that Morel brings to the table and the athleticism. No question. Yeah, but I mean there's something that Ben does is adjusting to any style. You'll see Andre uh Keo Plant this last fight. Nice combination already by Benovitz known for putting together multiple punch combinations. Has been a bit of a deliberate starter in his recent fights, but always comes on strong in the second half. But Morell has an opportunity here in the early going to bank some rounds with that Cuban boxing pedigree in theory. But this is a fast start for Benvdas who's taking it right to D Morell as they meet in the center of the ring here. When Morel I'm sorry when Benvdas makes that adjustment mid fight. It hasn't gone well for his opponents. Well, Morell already throwing twice as many punches as Benvitas here in the first round. So great start by Morel. Certainly see the physical shape that Morel's in for this fight. utilizing the real estate already after utilizing that footwork at the body changing levels. Good defense. And there's that body shot from Benito. Great. Really good defense from Moral. Closing up the gap, closing up the the the guard, moving to the side angles. Benovitz already also known for his underrated defense. Loves to be in close square off that high guard. But now Venovas sitting down in his punches, ruthlessly attacking Morel's body. And we know once he gets those combinations going, there's no stopping him. Just asking. What was it like a 20 punch combination? The greatest 19 punch combination knock out. Couple of right hooks by Morell. He's got a nasty right hook. Also a nasty jab. And there it is. Follows up with the left hand. And these two promised to bring it. They're doing it already here in round number one. Let's start. Morell 10 of 50. Benvita's 11 of [Applause] [Music] 33. Now, put your hands out. You're doing good. Keep throwing the jab. Bend your knees. Get low. Wait for him to throw. And then I want the inside uppercuts. Good. Good. [Applause] Don't waste a lot of punches, though. All right, let's look at that opening round action. Great combination from Banner. Oh, that was a sneaky way to land that right hand. He pulled away left hand. Look at that. And he got away with that. And then we talk about experience and that's a move of experienced fighter right there. Morel criticized Benvdas by saying he's Robocop. I'm wondering was it the Weller or Joelman version? Uh Benas say yeah you can call me Robo Cop. Everyone does. And then after the fight they change their tune because yes he squares up in front of you but Benvdas is right in front of you because he's got underrated defense in close. Able to use that high guard to parry block and free. I got to wonder whether Morel's ever actually seen Robocop. Spoiler alert, the robot does well in that one. We're definitely continuing to see this fast start from Benvitas. But again, and I agree. But Morel also showcasing what brought him to the gas right there. The counter shot is back to the ropes. And he's an incredible counter puncher. And again, you think about Cuban boxing, you think about that amateur pedigree, the slick footwork, the jabs, the sweet sides. He brings all of that to an explosive power. Yeah, definitely explosive power. So accurate with that left morale. I mean again keep mentioning the power is already too many left hands but goes to the body with a left hand and turns and uses the angles. That's something that we don't see a lot from Benas the footwork but again his strategy and there cut by Benas on the inside shook his head but he tasted the power on that sequence right hand that misses for Benas doesn't just put pressure on you he drowns you with that pressure David Benvitas look where he's at right uppercut and right hook on the inside by Moral I'll tell you what, Moral might have the quicker feet, the slicker boxer, but he's standing in front of Benvitas and he's willing to trade just like Fedor Milliono in MMA. That lead right hand from David Benovitz, a highly effective weapon. We just saw him split Morell's guard backing up to the ropes, but Morel IQ able to pivot away, reset in the center of the ring. We also saw a big right hand on the body from Benas in that sequence and he told us this in the fighter meetings. He thinks the body work is going to be his ticket to getting a knockout in the second half of this fight. Nice right hook behind curls it behind the guard of Morel. Now Morel's turn to fight back. And Amidas did go down in the 12th and final round of his first win over Ronald. Gabriel more of an offbalance counter shot but has shown a durable chin since then. And for David Morurell, the same thing has has proven he's got whiskers as well and is willing save for the fight against last fight. I mean, David Morell is 11 and0 with nine KOs for remember single rounds he's lost. He's been so dominant. And what a great effort by both fighters here. World class championship level fighting. And there Morel putting on a show with Benvdas. Morel's already thrown 100 punches. But has thrown 28. They each have landed 25. [Applause] Got some good swelling right here, but nothing that big of a deal. Every time you get close, you got to go to the body. Go to the body on both sides. Body on both side. Then you go up. Looking to be there. When you when he close to you, you got to stop moving your hand. He's standing too still. Don't stand straight up. Now one side punch on this side or punch on the other side. Okay. Okay. All right. Let's go back to the last couple guys reacting. We're just going to keep it going. Landing that left hand. He landed it a couple of times. Straight right left hand right in the chin of David Benvidas. Benvidas taking it well. And again, Benovid is getting away with that punch. pulling his left hand down and landing his right hand. Both fighters really starting to establish already what they do well in there as Benvas corners Morell. Look at Morel fight his way out of the corner. That could be an early sign that he's here to stand his ground. No, he definitely is. And again, good defense right there from Benitas. in the pulled straight bag and with the high guard. This is round three scheduled for 12. The winner puts himself in the cold position to face the victor. The rematch between Archer and Ditri for the undisputed light heavyweight championship. Benas feels B did enough to win the first fight. He picks him to win the rematch. And now here Benas and Morel Morell just missing with that right uppercut. Morell needs to be careful with the showmanship. the gamesmanship. [Applause] Both of them are throwing a lot of punches, but a lot of those punches are being blocked from both sides. [Applause] This is great stuff already. Two of the most avoided fighters in the game. They looked at each other and said, "Let's do it. Let's go through each other to get to where we want to go." That's boxing. That's what you ask for. [Applause] Minute and a half and now we're hearing Chance of Kuba and then Benedas's fan base trying to drown them out with booze. An electric atmosphere here at T-Mobile Arena. First major main event of the new calendar year and Benvas and Morel already delivering. Benvita saying bring it on. Let's go. Wait a little bit too long there. But now comes the comes the combinations of Benas Mel standing tall in a beautiful crafty combo of zone. This is manto man but very high skills in the center of the ring. Not a lot of clean punches but again both trying. Now imagine if this happened on a monthly basis in the sport of boxing where we would be in the reaching the laurels because this is exactly what the fans want. And you know what, not all fighters, and you could talk to them, they, you know, the big money contracts, the legacies, but you, you want to leave an impact on the sport. These are the types of fights you need to take and take them when you're in your physical prime. Don't let them overly marinate. It's all about daring to be great and both of these fighters are doing that right now. Well, thank you, sir. And Morel now putting on again trying to disrupt Benas's rhythm. Benas standing in front of him. Good head movement there. Avoiding the shot tomorrow. Took some steam off that punch. Misses with the left hook. But it's the pressure of Ben. Two of boxing's biggest stars are on a collision course. May 31st, they'll show out on the same card as Caleb Plant looks to dominate Armando Resendis and Jeral Charlo returns against Thomas Lamont. Saturday, May 31st, streaming free for Prime members on Prime Video. You want to look at tired eyes. Good. It's not open. You got to move your head. Yeah. I got a headbutt, but they're going to review it. We're going to take a look at it, guys. We're going to take a look. Breathe. Breathe. Breathe. Relax. Breathe. Let me know. No, no, no. He's good. Nothing big. Nothing big. Yeah. Yes. Nothing big. Put some Vaseline on that. [Applause] Water. Water. Give him water. Get some water, David. Where's the mouthpiece? You got to move your head. Okay. And you got to work. You got to work to the body. The best of the body. Close your guard. Close your guard. [Applause] Round number four. And immediately Benas puts the pressure. Great job by double right hook and that right hook of his is one of his key weapons. A left hook of course of Benita is a key weapon but that lead right hand is also a key weapon for Ben. Believe everything's the key weapon for doubt. Look at this action in the corner. Oh wow. What a left hand by Moral. And here comes Benas. The light heavyweight division throughout history has been the scene of some of the most intense rivalries, some of the biggest clutch matches. Benovitz and Morell already delivering. See a little abrasion above the left eye of Benvdas right now. Something to watch [Applause] closely. Who benefits in this in this type of fight? Here's a question I need to ask you guys. Have you ever seen Morell fight this long off the back on the back foot? Never have. Never have. And that's one thing to answer your question. I wonder how long Morell can keep up fighting Benvitz's fight in close range against the ropes and push back. Yeah. Left hook to the body by Benvitas. The jab from the soft uppercut on the inside by Morell. They're taking turns. Give and take the eb and flow of a highlevel boxing main event. talk about breaking and this is what he does. He brings the pressure systematically breaks him down but morale still there throwing punches. This is the first half of the fight but Benvita is already going downhill with the pressure. Big power shots at close range. Benvita is known for breaking down his opponents winning wars of attrition. The accumulation where going in many thought that Morell had the more explosive shot forshot power but Benvita showcasing his wears and Morell fighting back. Yeah, he's fighting back, but he's not doing what he's supposed to do, morale. He's not moving laterally. He's moving straight back. And that's where Ben is getting the advantage and landing those punches. Yeah, much better start for David Benvdas. Brian, as we have mentioned, those deliberate starts, he's he's on he's on a heater here right now. He made sure he's not going to actively give away rounds early on. He's going to put that pressure on. And after we're seeing the defense, the more improve the head movement, the upper body movement, sitting down with the left hook, David Benas. Yeah, he listened to the corner. They told him about the head movement. High dog get in there. He did get clipped. And now Morel trying to fight back. Benas though. Benz is not going to hold. He's going to fight through it. Unbelievable. He got clip. Morel now going in and he's got him rattled again. Morel's doing what he said he would do. Punch for punch. It's down once in his career. Morel has him on the ropes. Time is going to run out, but drama here in the fourth. And here comes Benas. Oh my, what a fight. And Benas already landing more punches to the body this fight than any previous morel opponent. But all's well that ends the Wow. Go side to side. Okay. You got to go side to side. Okay. Okay. Now listen. Keep your hands up high. Moving your head side to side. You can go uppercuts. Upperc cuts are there. And then look for the button. And you were going to see that straight right hand from David Benvidas. Perfectly placed right in between that guard and a beautiful combination from David again. The uppercut. Uppercut. One, two, three. But then guess what? Guess what? The left. Oh no, it was a left a right hook by the hook. Counter from David Morel. David Benas. Wow. A short shot you see right on the chin. And in that dramatic fourth round, both fighters landing their fight highs for Benvidas. 30 of 65 for Morell. 22 of 61. And here is round number five. Benvitas backing Morel up again. Morell forced to fight off his back foot, which again coming from the Cuban School of Boxing, we know his proficient at. But the pressure of David Benvdas is something he's never seen before. And hey, our unofficial score Larry Hazard has it. Deadlock to 38 a piece. So very very intense battling just as competitive and exciting at home. Each time it looks like Morell may be on the verge of succumbing to the pressure of Benovitz. He lands one of those something explosive counter shots from a weird angle. He's still giving Benvita something to look at here. Leave right hook by Morel. Jab misses. Another miss there as Benita slipping these shots. Subtle head movement. Remember early in his career that head remained on center line and Abner when you talk about head remaining on center. That's where you're in the danger zone. You're in the danger zone and that's what happened in the last round. Benas, you got to move that head quick. You can't do that against a power puncher like Morell. The pressure is good for David Benvitas. the aggression the volume, but it's just the the head movement. Gabriel on the front of Morell's trunks. He's fighting for more than just his pride, his legacy. He's fighting for his family, including his son Gabriel Benitas. Of course, earlier we saw him enter the arena with his family, including his three-year-old baby Anthony, who's already a big deal on Instagram, showcasing his uh skills as a prize fighter. A minute left here in the fifth and now Benvitas on the ropes where again you don't want to be. And there's a nice counter left hook upstairs by Benitas goes downstairs whips a left to the body. That was smart from David right there. Benas and Morell comes back. Level change by Morel gets clipped. You know the biggest question we had coming in for as dynamic as Morell is, does he have the backbone to stand at this range and trade with Benvitas? So far so good. Although he certainly has to be careful against a bully like the monster. Yeah. And he just got caught with the left hand. And Morel now along the ropes leads with the left. And there's Benas leading to the body with the left. Nice right hand. Another right to the body by Benas. And he is doubled up. Total connects to the body. Outlanding Morel to the plates. Two to one. That body shot gave him. Definitely did. Not to mention that short right hand at close range. Terrific stuff at the highest level possible. Let's go. Let's go. We're doing good. We're doing good. How we doing, David? He has nothing. This is nothing. It's not a cut. Listen, you're all right. Don't straight. Don't stand straight forward. I want you to bend those knees. Get low. And then right where we thought that Benabidas was in trouble on the ropes. Nope. He caught that punch. Catch and shoot. Here it is. Perfectly timed for David Benabidas and finish to the body. Right. Heavyweight boxing has seen some of the most intense rivalries in rough matches in the sports history. Archie Moore versus Joey Maxel, Matthew Sad Mohamd versus Marvin Johnson, Roy Jones Jr. versus Antonio Tarver, Michael Spiggs versus Dwight Mohamd Kai. You want me to keep going? Well, David Benas and David Morurell want to add their names to that illustrious list. And they're off to a fantastic start. These two Davids are already giving us our two favorite things, es and flows in this boxing match. They're taking turns getting off their shots. But right now, Benvitas succeeding at putting Morel in the corner. And as a big Andre Ward guy, got to bring up Sergey Kovalev versus Andre Ward as part of that champions do. They get off the deck and handle their business. This is round number six. Again on the back foot more than we have ever seen him thus far in his career against a guy who is known for relentless pressure. I guess it shouldn't come as too much of a surprise. Although maybe we'd like to see more of Morel's footwork. Using the angles to escape out of the line of fire he is stuck in right now. Yeah, but still so dangerous morel on his back foot as we know. He's got great timing coming in. How much bullying though can Morel deal with? That's going to be the equation he's going to have to watch closely, especially if he's going to allow Benvitas to operate at this space. And Avidas continues to attack the body with relish and has Morel now with that high peekaboo guard. Morell not throwing back and gets clipped with the left hook. The guard proving to be porous. That left uppercut rattled Morel backs him up and there's another left uppercut. David Benvdas putting on a clinic and Morell needs to find a way to slow Benvas down. Now moral fighting back. Incredible stuff. I'll take your best. I'll answer right back, Gner. I'll raise you. We're in Vegas. And they are all in, my friend. Under a minute left in the sixth. Oh, the uppercut. Morell changing levers levels, but got clipped. And you're right. Now it's Morell that's putting the pressure on Benvitas. That's good scouting from Benvitas' team right there. Oh, another uppercut. Knowing Morell often changes levels with dip down to explode. Thank you. Good timing there. But man, Morel, like Davner said, beginning to push Benas back a bit, but Benvas throwing those uppercuts and landing and missing with that left hook to the body. Yeah, he's going to entertain you with those uppercuts that lead now. He's going to switch it to a hook. [Applause] Beautiful bobbing and Reeving lands that lead right hook. curls it around the guard of Benvdz. Benvdas again with the lead right hand to the body. Final 10 seconds of the first half of what has been a terrific matchup as we expected again. Benz unloading uppercuts. Morell backpaddling. Great stuff. Great stuff. Two of boxing's biggest stars are on a collision course. May 31st, they'll show out on the same card as Caleb Plant looks to dominate Armando Resendis and Jamal Charlo returns against Thomas Lamont. Saturday, May 31st, streaming free for Prime members on Prime Video. We are enjoying this fight. Hands up. Hands up. And that beautiful uppercut, you're landing inside [Music] Uppercut. You can get that And we're going to talk about the uppercut that the corner wants from from David Benabitas. Here it is. Beautiful inside uppercut. Sneaky uppercut. Almost seemed like he was trying to go for the body and just just switched it on the air. Interesting. Oh wow. Yeah. Sharp sharp uppercut. Benito is looking into the camera. I think he said something. You're in a monstros world. That's that he was telling you. You're right. And and you look at the the concubine stature as we begin the second half of this 12 round tilt. Morell has thrown well now they they're even at 283 each in terms of punches thrown, but Benvitas has landed 110 total punches compared to just seven shots. You would think you'd be a little bit more cautious after being clipped like David Benabidas was, but no, he's being the ferocious, the monster that he always is putting that pressure. I mean, he took that punch really well. And Benvita is amongst the concubers in terms of uh power punch connection percentage. He's landing 47% of his powered punches here thus far tonight, which is sensational. as he goes back to the body and misses with that swooping left hook upstairs. Benvitas lets all the power go on his hooks to the body. Solid. Yeah, polo punch for sure to the body. And Benvdas has already landed more power punches than any previous Morell opponent. That's the thing. We're not used to seeing Morel get hit on a regular through 11 pro fights. He's dealing well with the power, but the volume is starting to really pick up round by round for Benovitz. And you look at the body shots landed round by round and it's all a monster. I like what David Benabil did right there. Took a little side step and try to get that uppercut in right lands but there's a counter left hand right down the middle by Morell. Morel with those level changes as I mentioned. Needs to be careful. Big deep breath there from Morel after that body shot. That's definitely taking a [Applause] to hands a little lower. Used to having that high peekaboo guard, but maybe setting the trap potentially to set up a counter opportunity. Be careful under middle of the seven. Nice combination from Morel. Morel's got to be careful about leaving his hands down as he does. Both guys both Yeah, both guys. Especially Benas there. He usually goes automatically back to the high guard now trying to do so which of course can open up opportunities to the body. Those uppercuts by Benvas. He's such an anomaly. Benvitas in boxing. He's a bully who's got some of the best plus minus in terms of efficiency and defense in this sport. Maybe it's his offense is his best defense, but he's very responsible for being such a big puncture who looks to walk you that stands right in front of you. You're right. Both going to the body. [Applause] Come on, champ. Come on, champ. I need a deep breath from you. Deep breath. Come on. Deep breath. Deep breath. Deep breath. Give me some water. Rinse that out. Rinse it out. Okay. Now, give me a drink. Give me a drink, champ. Okay, champ. Now, listen. You got to listen. Okay. Here. I want you to back him up this round. Okay. I want move it. I want you to go in the body and then I want you to come up top with the with the hooks and then the uppercuts. Okay. Come on, champ. You got to suck it up now. Let's go. Time to go to work. Okay. Come on. You got this, baby. We see it. A morel opponent had has never landed more than 16 power shots in a round against him. Benas has done just that in two of the last four rounds as we begin round number eight. And Benas again continues to march forward. Morel backing up. Even though the corner moral is your turn to push Benvidas back. Easier said than done. But then again, I think if Morell starts pushing Benvitas back, I think he's going to create openings for Benvidas. Once he starts letting his hands go, Morel Ben is going to take advantage of that. Brian, in the last three rounds, Benvitas has a 63 to 35 edge and punches landed. You I talked about poking the bear. In this case, the monster. Very rarely in professional sports do you see people perform better emotional. Benvdas is one of those rare fighters. And when Morell says, "I don't believe in monsters," he's making him believer right now. The way Benvas is fighting, jabs to the body. Meanwhile, Morel tries to jab, but continues to backpedal. Now launches a left. That was partially blocked by the high guard of Benvdz. We're seeing a lot better jab now from Benvas. Walking in forward, throwing that straight jab. And total punch is landed. Big edge for Benas. Oh, there's a counter left from Morell. [Applause] Got to be more than one punch out. Yes, I was going to say the same. And there it is, though. We just saw it. Double right, the jab, the right hook, and then the left hand. Need to see more combinations from Morell. And there's another combination. But now the left's from Benites. Oh, beautiful short left hand by Morell before the escape. Now Morel's putting together combinations. He heard us. [Applause] Nice. I have to just question how much can he standing right in front of Denovas. How many more rounds can he continue to take this [Applause] punishment framing Morel then going to the body leads with the left hook upstairs lands curling it behind the guard goes to the body gets countered upstairs. Beautiful evasion there by Benvdas. Pulled back looking for that pull. Counter goes to the body with the right. Left open the opportunity upstairs for the counter. Morel didn't bite, but he does land the right uppercut on the inside. Yeah, Morel just never seen this fighting style forever. He's used to knocking these guys out, knocking them down, pushing him back, bullying him. Guess what? The bully is here. He's the bigger guy physically, allegedly. Yeah. Well, the bullet doesn't just stop coming after you. He somehow gets better as the fight progresses. That's the tough equation Benvita's opponents have to deal with. Coralled in the corners. Moral trying to find an escape route. Benvitas keeps him in front of him. Moral beginning ever so to just tire known for that conditioning. Known for its stamina as is Benvdas. But again, pressure pressure from Benvas. Nice jab from Morell. Great hand there from Benas from short range. [Applause] Good, good, good. We're doing really good for your family. You're doing a really good job. Really good fight. He's tired. Don't get confident though. Wait, wait, wait, wait. Follow intentional. Don't move the cut. Let me work on it. Okay. Breathe. Breathe. [Applause] And we're going to see that educated land from David Benedas to the body to as a hug. Speaking of body shots, as we begin round nine, Benvdas has landed three times as many body shots as any previous Mela opponent. Came in with three times as much professional experience. And that experience on display here against David Morell. Let's not forget what Benvita said. The body work would be his ticket to the knockout. Still has to be wary of that one punch power of Morell. But Benvita is putting together some great rounds here. And Morell unable to jab it all. Just trying to block. And he needs to establish the stick as our unofficial scorer H. Larry Hazard has David Benvdas opening up a four-point advantage. again unofficially, but as Brian, you mentioned it and as anyone who's followed David Benvdas's career, the longer this fight goes, the better he gets. And you saw between rounds though, Benvdas's corner was addressing above his right eye, a tiny cut it seems like not becoming an issue as of now. And people can say, "Wait a minute, what against Boick?" And we've just mentioned he went in with injured hands, you got the tools of his trade, not to make an excuse. And he will be the first not to make it, but he still dominated Boick in the And now trying to do the same here to David Morell. Absorbing all this punishment. Morell. How much resistance can he continue to give as he eats these body shots. The uppercuts to the face. David Benvdas beginning to try to close the show here in the night. But Morell fights back valiantly. Upper cuts of his own. Morel not going away quietly. Oh, definitely not. That was a good exception. Good three punch combination by Morel. Right hook by Morel lands. This is what you get when you get a fully healthy David Benvdas who as you mentioned had that tendon torn in his right hand. The front knuckle with his left hand. He said he couldn't do strength and conditioning. still got the win against a world class opponent in his divisional debut. But look at him tonight. [Applause] Body shot by Morel. A lot more punches thrown by Morel in this round. And now both of them obviously finding they're fighting at 175 as they face off with each other here. And uh both have thrown almost the same amount of punches, but Benvdas has landed precipitously more. But Morell trying to find a way on but just backing up on that back foot and not throwing a lot, not initiating, waiting to go there. And the counter from Bang. There's a right hook behind him. Two of boxing's biggest stars are on a collision course. May 31st, they'll show out on the same card as Caleb Plant looks to dominate Armando Resend and Jeral Charlo returns against Thomas Lamman. Saturday, May 31st, streaming free for Prime members on Prime Video. We got to keep it up though, okay? You got to keep doing that. We got to keep doing that. Everything is good. Keep that hand. Keep moving your hand. Okay. When you're standing right in front of him, you got to keep moving your head, but you got to punch behind him. Okay. Look, you remember the drill. Remember the drill we were done, huh? Okay. This is why I put it in. I put the drill in for a reason. Okay. Now, you can do it. Okay. Move both hands. It don't have to be hard. But when you see the hardleent Here we are in round 10. But in that ninth round and here you know stages David Benvita is proving to be more economical but always as efficient. 23 of only 47 in that ninth round compared to 18 of 57 by Morales throwing more punches but not landing as much took a little bit off his fast ball that round. Wasn't as active though still seemed to get the better of the exchanges. But how about in the corner the legendary trainer Ronnie Shields trying to will his fighter morale to make this comeback stay in this fight. Yeah, they like what they saw in that last round, but again it had to do a lot with Benvitas. Benvitas outran Morell as he's done throughout this fight. The only round I seen there round two for Morell, but it's been all Benvitas in terms of the offense. Not surprising in that respect, but we yet to see the crystal counters of David regularity. And the one thing we said coming in, what's what separates these two? It's the big fight experience. Benvitas has nearly three times as many professional rounds as Morell who just has 11 pro fights. And you're seeing some of that in terms of how Benvitas is managing his rounds. I was actually surprised why people had this fight 50/50. to get the power that Moral possesses. But again, the experience Benedict has just shown us that he can he can adjust to any style. Period. And he's fought some difficult ones when you consider someone like Demetrius Andre. But now you look at that run. I mean, David Lemieux, the Caleb Plant fight, the Demetrius Andre, Alexander, you know, people call him at 168. Well, he's bullying together [Applause] 175. This kid is now 28, but at 13, he weighed 250 lb. 180 lb in a year. And and you talk about a guy with contributing stamina. It's incredible because this is exactly what his modus operendi is. Less than a minute left in the 10th. And you got to give Benvas credit. Look, he won a world title at age 20. matured in front of our eyes. There was thoughts that maybe he didn't have the work ethic as other test positive coa cocaine stripped to the title scale fail stripped of the title. But boy, look at him now. Little bit a little little trinkle of blood coming out of the nose of Benvdas like that. Yeah, I see that. Definitely a jab from from from Morel. Something that we have not seen this fight a lot from the jab. There's that lead right hand. One of the money makers for Benvdas at Lance. There's a couple jabs from Benvdas. And Benvdas's jab is a bludgeoning one. It's a weapon, not just a range fighter. 15 seconds left in the [Applause] 10. Nice cut right hand by Benz. Oh, there's a right hand again by Benz. [Music] Put the blood on his head. [Applause] You're doing really good, David. Really good. Really proud. Go with everything. God is with us. God is with us. He trained too hard for this. Breathe. Breathe. You worked really hard for this. You want the hand race. We're doing really good. Let's go. Let's go, gentlemen. 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 David 11 T-Mobile Arena Las Vegas. This is round 11. This battle of undefeated light heavyweights going mono mono. David Benvitas has stopped seven of his last nine opponents. Only Caleb Plant and in his last fight, Alexander Bik have gone the distance. And now our Jordan Plant, speaking of the Plant family, reporting that not surprisingly, Morel's corner saying you need a KO to win. Certainly that time of the fight, the championship rounds. And Benvitas has shattered the record for most total punches landed by any previous Morell opponent. The previous record was 102 in Carell's last fight against Kijic. For Benvdas, it's 189 and counting. So aggressive, so efficient. This is what poundforpound looks like right here. David Benvdas. No doubt. And now this round we're seeing Morel well at moments trying to push Benas back. Trying to steal these last rounds like his corner told him that they needed him. Left hooks to the body continue. Tariq rewards as do the rights. All the body work of David Benabitz. That high guard from David Benitz just closing cut the inside misses body shot count there by Morel but it's a chopping right hand again that finds a home for Benas the lead right very effective that we've seen throughout his career trying to sit down on his punches now coming forward left uppercut right hook body shot now has Benvas on the ropes and again lands some punches but Benvas blocking a lot of these shots definely blocking a lot of those shots. And Ben is having come trying to moral into a place that Benas would love to land that finishing blow. He said he would break Morell's face. Well, putting up a brave face, but needs to amplify his offense. Time is of the essence here now. Less than a minute remaining in the penultimate round. I think tired himself out. He did a lot of punches, a lot of miss punches. Takes such a physical toll fighting with someone with the style and size of Benovitz. That is not good. The high output fight that we used to see from Benz and it's rolled the knock down by referee Thomas. 6 7 8 and just like that here in the 11 sends Benovitz to the canvas for the second time in his [Applause] career. And now Bell has the advantage statistic looking to make a big and he got him again with the counter. Oh wow. That was well after the bell. after the bell. But looking at the replay I wow and the point has been deducted just like that. The knockdown has been erased. Morel's knocked down after a point deduction for punching after the bell. You talk about high drama. I told you guys do not get after the bell. Have a seat. and referee Thomas Taylor considered one of the best in the sport. [Applause] And that is the first point deduction in Morel's career bound. Take us through this action. Beautiful combination. Oh, there it is. After the bell right after the bell and that hurt David Banner way after the battle for me. Listen to me. You got to think now. Okay. I need you. Ronnie Shields app. Relax. [Music] Relax. Your hands up. We already won the entire fight. Are you guys ready for the 12th and final round? It's not over till it's over. Unbelievable stuff in the 11th. But you talk about ring IQ and for David Moral that was a big mistake he made Brian because he knocked down Benas in the 11th and just like that it was taken away with a point deduction. The first point deduction of his career needed to be dramatic here in the championship rounds. And the commission has confirmed after looking at the replay it was a knockdown. Morell has to go all out. Ronnie Shield screaming at him in the corner. You've got to think. I think the time for thinking is done. He's got to let it all hang out. And Morel trying to do just that here now. It's all or nothing for Morel. Right hand to the body by Benovitz. And he rocks Morel with the left. And Benas now sitting down on his punches clipping David Moral. Moral fires back with a couple of right hooks followed by a [Applause] left. Wow, what a close of the round. What a close of the fight. Both standing right at the center of the ring exchanging blows. For as heated of a build as this was, these two let it all hang out here over 12 rounds. Jab from Benitas. Morel. A minute 40 left. Uppercut lands again for Benvitas. Morell misses with the right. Morel needs to open the floodgates. Yes, it's been a hard fought battle. Ben Avidas bringing the fight to Morell. But Morell now tries to come forward. Eats a left hook. Morel has a cut below his right eye. You see the swelling swelling under both eyes. Uppercuts occured. That's the reason Benvita's not on cruise control. He's continuing to walk Morell down here in the final round. They promised to deliver a knockout finish. They have one minute left to do so. What does that better than Chris? That guy's always fighting. That's not how a monster behaves. Definitely not throwing as many punches as he's used to, but still as dominant as he's ever been. But can he close the show? Morel trying to come back, trying to find that Hail Mary. Oh, your heads. Under half a minute remaining. Lead left hook lands for Benvdas. They have thrown over a thousand combined punches. Benas with a huge edge in total punches landed. Huge damage in total body shots landed, total jabs landed, power punches. It's all David Benas as he looks to go to 30 and0. And after all of the the animosity, this is how you forge respect. This is how you earn each other's respect. And they are showing each other the respect after going through 36 grueling minutes of the highest level of boxing one can witness. What a effort from both fighters. But Benvitas backed up what he said coming in. Do you believe in monsters? Now that's the message delivered ultimately and a fantastic performance but no slouch David Morell here in that fight and yet go on social media by now there was no you know what I'm saying man you know what I'm saying what a fight and I love this I love the fact that they're respecting the respect although a word of advice for David Benadas in the future and I think he did a great job of promoting the fight you're just promoting the fight and each other, you know what I mean? Like, uh, it's all about respect. It's all about the sweet science, the savage science. But it's another way for for him to motivate himself to people who thought maybe, as we talked about, he would be too emotional and maybe hurt himself in the early stages of the fight. He was as calm, cool, collected as he's ever been, and steady throughout the fight. And now we take a look at the highlights for one of the most anticipated fights. And yes, it's only February, but boy did they deliver. Did they deliver ever David Benvidas with the body punches, the uppercuts, combinations, one, two, three, four punches from David Benabidas. There's a perfectly timed uppercut. But then again, David Moral would stand his own. He would throw back land. Beautiful jabs. Keith David Benas entertained with those shots as well. And there's a knockdown. Yep. Right hook bell is there too but he touched him and then the punch that came right after and that took away the knockup. That was a great referee call though. The referee getting after the bell Morell scores the knockdown and then later in the round suffers his first point deduction. But right at the end of the fight, they embrace looking at Compubox totals and it's David Benvida's most landed power and most total punches landed against any previous Morell opponent. David Benvdas proving indeed there is a new monster in the light heavyweight division. Do the judges agree? Jimmy Lennon Jr. is about to tell us. What I tell you? What I tell you? Ladies and gentlemen, after 12 rounds of action, the judges are in agreement. We have a unanimous decision. Here are the score totals. Judges at ringside, Steve Weissfeld and Patricia Morse Gar both scored about 115 to 111. Judge Tim Cheetum sees it. 118 to 108. All three in favor of the winner. He is now the unified WBC interim and WBA light heavyweight world champion, the Mexican monster, David El Monro Benz. Benitas's wife Karina overcome with elation as David Benvdas improves to 30 and0. And now on the cusp of the biggest fights of his career, two of boxing's biggest stars are on a collision course. May 31st, they'll show out on the same card as Caleb Plant looks to dominate Armando Resendis and Jamal Charlo returns against Thomas Lamont. Saturday, May 31st, streaming free for Prime members on Prime Video.