Kind: captions Language: en Okay guys, we received your instructions earlier. As a reminder, obey my commands at all times, protect yourself at all times, touch gloves, go to your corners. Good luck. Something's got to give tonight. Scheduled for 10 at 154. And the bell goes to kick off the first round. Yeah, that jab has been really effective for Mendoza. &gt;&gt; body shot from Teas. Set up by the jab. Minute left in the second. He goes winding up with the right hand, misses. Eats the jab. I believe so as well from Mendoza. And uh, you know, to work your way to the right and throw that uppercut and he does it right away. &gt;&gt; the uppercut. Lands a right hand. Mendoza off to a good start here in round three. And I wonder Abner, as we begin round four, what is the incentive for Teas to continue after that head clash? Knowing that, again, when it happens, it could be a no decision. &gt;&gt; Oh, wow. Yeah, he's definitely got that rhythm going. He's letting his hands go. Beautiful combination there from Teas. Yeah, he's feeling himself right now. Okay. Oh, now some two-way action. This is a really close round. &gt;&gt; Uppercut by Teas. Body shot by Teas. Yeah, but Teas being more effective. And busier. Yeah. Yes. And landing well and yet Teas able to absorb all of this punishment and not even flinch. &gt;&gt; And not even take a step back. Not staying in the pocket, committing to carrying out his game plan to try to win this fight. &gt;&gt; Ooh. That's a good jab by Teas. Yeah, but every time Mendoza's physical, like the the corner told him, when he stays stays in the pocket &gt;&gt; rising through Cuba's elite system with back-to-back youth national titles and a spot on the national team by 17. Meanwhile, Mendoza, he didn't start BOXING UNTIL 15. Tagging Mendoza with that combination. Teas on the front foot. And Oh, wow. There's a towel yet. Half minute remaining. Nice combination by Teas. Teas will try to target that eye. And Teas outlanding Mendoza through nine rounds. Well, through eight rounds. We're in the ninth. Minute and a half left in the ninth. There's a clubbing left. Another left by Teas. Mendoza fires back with a right. Right uppercut ON THE INSIDE JACKING THE JAW, MENDOZA. Mendoza's going to need more than just a big counter shot once in a while as you see him pumping that jab. Teas getting busy with the jab. Curls a left hook around the guard of Mendoza. Amateur background. He's He's definitely uh Yeah. been made ready for the professional ranks. Beautiful combination by Teas. Oh, 30 minutes. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Time. And the judges will be rendering the verdict. Both fighters think they've done enough to win. All three in favor of the winner El Bandolero, Yoenis &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Teyeac.