Kind: captions Language: en Middle of the letters on this side, I'm hoping it's going to be good. You both got my instructions in the back. Protect yourselves at all times, listen to my commands. Touch him up. Back to your corner, gentlemen. But he believes they have spared him the damage of a long war-torn career. These two are ready to go to war in the main event for the 154-lb title. And immediately Fundora establishing that long stance and NAILS THURMAN WITH A STRAIGHT LEFT HAND. AND AND I THINK it was Roy Jones Jr. who actually said that he believes in and OH MANY GO THERE IS A STRAIGHT LEFT HAND THAT BUCKLED THE knees of Thurman. I was going to say Roy Jones thinks Fundora is hand by Fundora right on the chin that buckled his knees but did not go down. Those gloves did not touch the canvas. I think he answered. Unbelievable. But listen for that bell, gentlemen. Listen for the bell. &gt;&gt; all the super welterweight champion in history. There was a kind of right hand that landed for Those skills don't translate against a reach and height disadvantage like that. Oh, uppercut by [cheering] Fundora with the left hand lands the right as well. &gt;&gt; When have we seen Keith Thurman against someone with this size and and the patience and the precision tonight of Fundora? This is Jaron Ennis weighing &gt;&gt; just a second fight at 154. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; He takes an uppercut Successful round for Fundora finding a home with that uppercut from a long Putting his punches in the Where is he? very controlled, composed, focused and now Thurman trying to punch on him but is met with the fire of Fundora at the end of the fifth frame. Thurman desperately trying to avoid the punches of Fundora. Body shot Fundora. Left hand Fundora. FUNDORA ALL OVER KEITH THURMAN. Tonight Fundora looking to make the point that he IS THE MAN TO BEAT AT 154. UNLOADING ON THURMAN. THURMAN desperately trying to avoid the attack and he might have been saved by the bell. If he doesn't mount some offense now, this fight can be stopped at any moment. Sebastian Fundora continues the evolution although he got tagged with a left hand but Thurman's face is a mess. &gt;&gt; He was caught below the left eye. KEITH, SHOW ME SOMETHING, KEITH. YEAH, he's not liking getting hit. He's trying to get away from those punches but [cheering] he's still getting lit up like the stunt Sin City strip by Fundora. I'd be shocked if Thurman makes it out of this round. &gt;&gt; look like that. I've never. Never. And that's something he said in the fighter meetings this week. When have I ever looked bad? When have I ever showed this type of damage? &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Saturday March 30th Can't see anymore, man. No more, buddy. I'm tough. I know you are but you're tougher than you look but you're serving notice to the rest of the division. I'm not just a tall man, I'm a bad man. And this is the finish after he never let Thurman off the hook. Never did. And punches were right there for Fundora and the referee doing his job. He was taking a He is the winner by way of technical knockout and still the WBC super welterweight champion of the world, the towering inferno, Sebastian Fundora. [screaming]