Kind: captions Language: en And we are set for the prelims feature attraction the debut at 140 for Frank Martin against the former two-division titlist Rances Barthelemy. They both came in under 140 and Barthelemy has the height and the wingspan advantage but Frank Martin looking to bounce back from his first career loss against Gervonta "Tank" Davis. And there is the Cuban Barthelemy coming off a career-long 19-month layoff and the loss to Jose Carlos Ramirez. Where Frank Martin now makes his way into the ring for the first time as a 140-pounder. He's also ending a career-long year and a half layoff. At 140 he told us he's going to be stronger, faster, and basically back where he was supposed to be. Hey, he gave Tank Davis all he could handle before Tank does what Tank does. &gt;&gt; And he earned that opportunity and he showed out until Tank turned the tables and made that adjustment. It has been a long layoff. Frank said, "Look, I would have come back four or five months later if I could, but this is his close-up opportunity to remind us of who he still is." &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; So, the PBC prelims on Prime Video culminate with this match up at 140 pounds. Let's go back to ring announcer Ray Flores. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Ladies and gentlemen, the action continues. This is the main event of our PBC on Prime Video prelims. 10 rounds in the super lightweight division. The three judges scoring this contest at ringside will be Esther Lopez, Ursula Lopez, and Jose Torres. The referee in charge when the bell sounds is James Green. Introducing first fighting out of the red corner. He comes in wearing the light blue and pink. Weighing in officially at 139 pounds. His impressive record stands at 30 wins, 15 of those coming by way of knockout against three losses and one draw. Fighting out of Havana, Cuba. He is a two-division world champion. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Rances "Kid Blast" Barthelemy. [screaming] And across the ring his opponent fighting out of the blue corner wearing the black and pink. Weighing in officially at 139 pounds. His record near perfect, 18 wins, 12 of those coming by way of knockout against one defeat. Fighting out of Dallas, Texas by way of Detroit, Michigan. Ladies and gentlemen, he is the world title challenger, Frank "The Ghost" Martin. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; And referee in charge is James Green. Okay, gentlemen. This is going to be good for me here. Right on the bottom. Your trunks are a little high. And this is going to be good for me here, okay? You got your instructions in the dressing room. I want you to protect yourself at all times and obey my commands at all times. Touch them up, back to your corner. For Frank Martin, this is the first fight under the tutelage of former two-division champ James "Buddy" McGirt. While for Rances Barthelemy, he is trained by Clarence "Bone" Adams, a former super bantamweight champion. Round one begins scheduled for 10 at 140. The southpaw Martin immediately utilizing a pivot against Barthelemy who was a champion at 130 and 135 but has been campaigning at 140 for a while now. Yeah, and look, we saw Barthelemy, he's coming out in that righty stance. We're kind of interested in that and you see Frank's at his best against a righty when he's able to kind of step to the outside and use that jab and shoot that left hand to the body as he came out doing in these first few seconds. Slick movers, calculated attackers, and defensive specialists are the common MOs of the Cuban fighter. Barthelemy is at his best when he counters intelligently from close range. Although the modern Cubans, they've kind of flipped the script showcasing a lot of power including Erislandy Lara who we see in the pay-per-view defend his middleweight title. &gt;&gt; And I think for as much as Rances at times in his career we've wanted to see more from him in fights, as he's aging he's had to show more. He's had to let his hands go and I certainly think Frank Martin will make him tonight. Martin said the changes he's made in his career will make him a more dynamic fighter to watch. He says he's going to be letting his hands go, not just one or two shots but four and five-punch combinations. He says that working with McGirt has been already beneficial as he parries the jab from the southpaw Barthelemy. So, two southpaws. Foot battle still paramount. Minute and a half left in the first. Barthelemy was a bit dismissive though of Frank Martin coming in. He says he doesn't have anything that stands out to me other than I haven't seen besides youth being on his side. That's the only advantage he'll bring into the fight. He told us it's going to be a beautiful fight. He said he was going to make it an exciting fight. He loves to face southpaws. He says whenever he faces lefties, it's an action-packed fight from both sides. He says this is a perfect style matchup. Yeah, and Frank Martin's having a great first opening in this round so far. Doing a nice job getting that angle, turning the outside. Barthelemy's really only shot the jab so far. And Frank Martin's got that great great high guard. Barthelemy's going to have to start looking at the body. Barthelemy standing very straight up leaving that chin out at times as Martin hits with the overhand left. There's that straight left by Martin. Check right hook. You see Barthelemy try to turn on that with Frank Martin there but he's just a touch behind especially at 39 years old. Barthelemy on the attack. Martin utilizing his footwork. 20 seconds left here in round number one. And there's that right hand to the body. That's going to be a shot for Barthelemy. Rances Yuren had success with that against Frank Martin as well. Barthelemy threw more punches. Martin landed more punches. Tactical start to round one. &gt;&gt; [applause] &gt;&gt; Excellent. Excellent. You got to work the body. It's open, okay? &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Body is right there. Combinations, okay? I'm trying to set a trap for you. So, nothing's happening here here and step around, okay? Very good. Let's get the jab going, champ, okay? Champ, let's go. I I'm trying to grow a Buddy McGirt beard. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Great fox he is. And you heard from Buddy McGirt working with Frank Martin for the first time. And Martin looking to stick the jab. Barthelemy having good success with the jab in the first frame. As you see in addition to Bones Adams, Barthelemy has Bob Santos in his corner. I'd like to get some of that Santos paycheck. He's had a roll in every fight so far tonight. And there's Frank Martin coming up top with that looping left hand. Look, Frank Martin hasn't wasted any time, shook off all that ring rust immediately having a great start to this fight. And he continues to step to that outside and get that angle. We'll see if Barthelemy will throw that left hook to kind of catch him where he's going. Martin parrying Martin parrying the jab utilizing his footwork. Coming in at an angle. Turning Barthelemy. Keeps turning him. That will be successful. Martin's got the feet advantage by far, way better feet for a southpaw. &gt;&gt; you know, Martin's 30, Barthelemy's 39. Barthelemy actually was a champ at 130 and 135, never lost the titles. He vacated both times to move up in weight. He's been at 140 since 2016. So, very comfortable at this weight class and a comfortable start for Barthelemy. No question about it right there. But speaking of weight, while Martin gives Left hand for Martin. While he gives no excuses for the loss to Tank Davis, he did say that was the hardest weight cut of his career and he didn't realize it until he got in the ring against Davis and really felt the effects of it. He says 140 he feels so much stronger. So, coming off that long layoff, he looks good tonight. Yes, he does. And then you see it's interesting. This is the first time that Barthelemy has switched that lefty stance and he did have some success against Gary Russell landing that left hand but he's going to have to find the timing against Frank Martin. &gt;&gt; Controversial stoppage there although it was a competitive fight. Gary Russell winning by stoppage. The first stoppage loss of Barthelemy's career but again, he ended on his feet and took umbrage with the referee's decision that night. A minute left here in the second round. Couple of southpaws going at it. Martin looking for the angle. Looks like there there's an abrasion on the cheek below the right eye of Barthelemy from that clean left hand from Martin from moments ago. 45 seconds left in round number two. Referee calls for the break. And that's one thing Barthelemy knows how to do is kind of slow down the pace of a fight and he does it by flipping stance stances or kind of clinching like that right there. Don't remind us of Barthelemy versus Robert Easter, please. I I recommended for anyone who has has insomnia and it's no disrespect to the participants, but my god, that was the worst fight I've ever called. &gt;&gt; Or Barthelemy versus Mickey Bey. &gt;&gt; You can pick and choose, huh? 15 seconds remaining here in the second and Frank Martin's offense has been muted. Looking for an opening. He's working his way in against that taller fighter there and he's slipping under that right hand chopping down on &gt;&gt; Oh, he gets chopped off balance. And one of the great fights to look forward to coming up. 8:00 Eastern, 5:00 Pacific, PBC on PPV. This is round three scheduled for 10 at 140 lbs. I thought you were going to drop an OPP reference there. &gt;&gt; Are you down with OPP? Well, what colors are Barthelemy's trunks tonight? I'm blinded by the flash there. Uh you're blinded to the Is he blinding you with his science, Thomas Dolby might ask. The color is a light blue and pink I was told, but yeah, very colorful. And there's Frank Martin and he's doing a really nice job right now of doing his work and getting out of the way and not allowing Barthelemy to counter. When Barthelemy does try that right hand, Frank Martin's already under it and out of the way. I think I think I heard what someone say once, make him miss, make him pay. Yep. Basic fundamental task of the sweet science. Make him pay and get paid, Brian Campbell. &gt;&gt; Indeed, indeed. Barthelemy's had some awkward moments early of catching Martin off balance, but the real power shots that have mattered have come from the ghost here. As he continues to turn that big right arm. Now going to the body, continues to turn Barthelemy. Some fancy footwork here on the part of the slick technician Frank Martin. Continues to turn. And there's a lead left hand. Popped him in the face with that left. Yeah, when Frank's on he could just just do anything he wants in there, but Barthelemy's going to have to do that. He's going to have to throw where Frank is going kind of meet him with those shots. And he's going to have to shoot that left hook a little bit lower, especially with Frank ducking down. It's been another right. And this is unfortunately a more of a round that we've seen from Barthelemy lately having just thrown 20 punches with just over a minute left. Has been highly inactive over the past few years. Both of them coming off losses, however, and both are prideful and now Martin continues to utilize the footwork to initiate his attack. &gt;&gt; And he's really starting to time Barthelemy with these clean left hands. Under a minute left in round three. And Martin's a heck of an athlete. He played running back in high school on the football team. He wrestled in the state championship as a junior at 152 lbs and he's the first cousin of NFL linebacker and former Cowboys draft pick Jaylon Smith. Yeah, he's using all that athleticism tonight and Barthelemy at the moment cannot keep up. He can't He's a step behind of what Frank's doing at all times, so &gt;&gt; One, two from the southpaw Martin lands. That jab was blocked by the high guard of Barthelemy. Barthelemy needs an uptick in offensive output, but Martin's movement is hindering that. Little cat and mouse game going on. 15 seconds left in the third. A great round for Frank "The Ghost" Martin. Well, Frank Martin might be coming into this fight off a long layoff, but boy, does he look good in the new weight class using this footwork well to get open landing clean shots through that high guard of Barthelemy and consistently leading the dance against a very awkward veteran opponent. Great instructions from Buddy McGirt, concise to the point. As we begin round at number four, Frank Martin moving up to 140 against the veteran two-time two-division champion Rances Barthelemy. I mentioned the layoff of Martin. The layoff of Rances is even longer here, 19 months. And he's hasn't looked good in his last few fights and it's you know, an opportunity for Frank Martin to introduce himself at 140, but he's got to make that statement. Yep. And against a guy like Barthelemy, it's very hard to look good against. &gt;&gt; Very hard cuz he does try and slow that pace, but what he does still have is some power in that left hand. He did rock Jose Ramirez a few times with it and Yeah, half of his wins have come by knockout. Barthelemy with 15 KOs, 12 of 18 for Frank Martin. Back to the stick. On cue, Martin delivers. So, the fighter and trainer on the same page, Brian. Indeed. &gt;&gt; First fight. First fight together. Of course, Martin formerly under the tutelage Texas' own. &gt;&gt; Yes, Texas' own Derrick James, but promoted by Errol Spence and back in here in his new weight class. &gt;&gt; It's kind of sad when a fighter loses that one of the first things they usually do is change trainers, but all due respect, Derrick James, one of the best trainers and Buddy McGirt, hey, what a fighter he was, a former two-time champion and a guy a Hall of Famer, right on. Yep, sometimes you just need that change of scenery and kind of reset. But they you see Barthelemy's kind of throwing some interesting right hands. He's just trying to touch Frank Martin with it cuz he doesn't know which way he's going. &gt;&gt; Martin. Martin continue. We're going in circles here. Barthelemy might get dizzy. Yep. He's unable to cut off the ring. I'll tell you what, if I was a fighter I'd have Joe Goossen in my corner. You can smell that guy coming in the building. Heck of a fragrance coming off of him. These two hope to enjoy the smell of success tonight with a win. Just over a minute left in the fourth round. Yeah, you know Joe Goossen, don't you there? I know him actually well. Under a minute left in the fourth. Yeah. Great left hand and down goes Barthelemy! The fourth knockdown of his career. And the last time was against left-handed Gary Russell, but Martin showing his power at 140 dropping Barthelemy here in the fourth and looking to close the show. That's what I was going to say. The ghost backs him up with big power shots. Martin four on the floor hunting Barthelemy, not willing to let him off the hook delivering hooks. Yeah, Frank let him right in that shot through that right hook, came right behind it with the left hand and caught Barthelemy right on the side of the head. Barthelemy's legs still look there, but he's a step behind Frank Martin at all times. So, Frank Martin breaking through in the &gt;&gt; [screaming] &gt;&gt; Right there it is. There it is. One hitter quitter. Are you kidding me? The ghost just scared a bunch of 140-pounders with that knockout-of-the-year candidate. Wow. Welcome to the junior welterweight division. Martin talked about wanting to fight the winner of tonight's main event. Boy, And now, of course, medical attention and our our best wishes and thoughts going out to Barthelemy who was on the receiving end of one deadly left hand, Justin. Yeah, just straight down the middle, one hitter quitter and we hope everything we hope he's okay down there. Second time, but more emphatically getting knocked out this time and uh you wonder what the future is for Rances Barthelemy. It's still on the canvas. Yeah. Frank Martin hoping that he's okay, but Frank Martin, I mean, you you talk about wanting to make a statement in your debut in a different division, just landed his 13th knockout. The crowd here in San Antonio applauding the fact that Barthelemy is sitting up. But my god, what a punch. Let's take a look, Justin. We're going to go back to the first knockdown that came in round one. And then you see it's that right hand followed right behind that left and then Barthelemy just kind of took that break there, had to go down and But this then no question here in December, last month of the year, a knockout-of-the-year candidate. And yep, he came right set Rances perfectly up with that right hand, followed behind with that left right on the side of the head, turned his knuckles into his forehead. &gt;&gt; one. This let's get to the end of the fight. Really really nice &gt;&gt; right down the shoot, got his whole body into it, landed it clean, got that angle and good night. And it looks like Barthelemy's sitting up on a stool right now, but what a great shot right there. You see him pull that right hand down and boom, straight down the shot. What a perfect angle, perfect picture, perfect left hand. Southpaw shot from Frank "The Ghost" Martin. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; That man is scary. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; He pulled that He pulled that right hand down on Barthelemy, created that perfect space for it. And once again, a picture-perfect left hand. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Errol Spence Jr. congratulating Frank Martin. Errol Spence also trained under Derrick James. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; It's time to make it official. What a way to close out the PBC Prelims on Prime Video. Here's Ray Flores. Ladies and gentlemen, the end comes at 2 minutes 56 seconds of the fourth round. For your winner by knockout, Frank "The Ghost" Martin! Martin improves to 19 and 1 with one of his most memorable knockouts. It's knockout number 13, and he's in the ring now. He'll talk with our Brian Campbell. Here with a victorious Frank Martin. The return after the long layoff. How good did it feel to step in and make a statement in a new division? Man, it felt good. You know, I feel like 140, I'm a lot more comfortable at this weight. I'm a lot stronger at the weight. I still, you know, I got my speed. Um You know, I feel I felt strong tonight. You know, I felt a lot better than, you know, my prior two fights before this. I just felt strong and it took me a little time to warm up and get comfortable, but you know, I started to settle down a little bit and that's when I seen the shot that we had been working on in the gym that possibly could have presented itself and it did. And I took my chance with it and it landed. Barthelemy is a former champion in two divisions, an awkward fighter. How was it trying to pick up his pacing and find the timing in there? Um it was At first, it was a little difficult to to find my jab just because of he was tall and the the style that he got with his shoulder, I didn't want to overcommit by throwing the jab and get caught with something. So, I was playing it a little safe a little bit. And then I got to noticing like that's all he was doing was just flicking it. He wasn't really trying to cause no damage by throwing it. So, I just went in. You gave a great showing for yourself in a loss to Gervonta "Tank" Davis. Did you feel like people were maybe forgetting about "The Ghost" and tonight was a reminder? Absolutely, you know what I'm saying? I feel like I feel like, man, I I got slept on. I took one loss, you know, it's it's a new era. If a fighter take a loss, it's like everybody think that it's over with. All that dog All that did was brought like more dog out of me and it showed me who really with me. So, you know what I'm saying? I'm here, I'm back, and I'm finna cause hell to the whole division. Um You know, salute to the to the main event fighters tonight, but I would definitely be willing to take any of either one of them. Um After the winner out of any one of them or y'all can give me a Richardson. Let's get it. Congratulations, Frank, on a huge bounce-back performance. Thank you. I appreciate it. Let's throw it back to ringside and Mauro Ranallo. Thank you very much, Brian. Frank Martin's first knockout since 2022, which also took place here in the Alamo City of San Antonio. He closed the show by closing the show. Brian Custer and Kid Blast, well, he got blasted into another dimension. What a knockout, one that's going to be talked about for time immemorial.