Kind: captions Language: en All punches to the lane here on the waistband will be good. Anything below that's a low blow. Anything here is going to be good. Anything below is a low blow. All right, just touch him up. Give me a good clean fight. Scoop back. For 10 rounds in the heavyweight division. Big Gaguik Hovhannisyan, trained by our broadcast calling Hall of Famer Joe Goossen. And Brian, he doesn't want to get drawn into inside exchanges. The focus in fact has been blending American style refinement, distance management, power into punching. And Navarro's trying to find a way to the inside. I mean, it's the land of the Liverpudlians here compared to Gaguik Hovhannisyan. I mean, it's incredible the uh But Brian Mendoza was able to do catching Pandora, but that's not always to your benefit as Navarro's finding out here. 10 seconds. Ooh, that's a combination put together by Hovhannisyan. But this isn't blind pressure. It's calculated pursuit. Navarro says that he has sharpened his footwork and angles to slip inside using head movement to neutralize the reach advantage. Especially when you don't let your hands go. Under a minute now remaining in the fourth. There's a right hand down the middle for Hovhannisyan. Just walking down Navarro. Big guy pushing him back already. Well, you want to do that. You want to impose that pressure that you're Nice left hook, right hand. The best combination of the fight for Big Guguik. Not a lot of heavyweights in gyms at that exact size and athleticism. Ooh, that's a good combination from Big Guguik. Sweeping left hook followed by the right cross. &gt;&gt; There's a right hand. Well, you know, if you're a Joe Goossen fighter, despite whatever they say, he wants them He wants them to be effective on the inside. Those hooks to the body. There's a right hand that lands for Big Guguik. Left hook to the body. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; A shovel uppercut from Big Guguik right there. There's a one-two. It's like an uppercut and hook from Hovhannisyan there. And Navarro's just standing in front of him. I mean, he's going to be right for the picking here. Trying to move his head, but moves right into the path of the punches. Wow. There's a series of right hands by Big Guguik now beginning to sit down on the shots. Navarro on the ropes. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; HE'S GETTING TAGGED. DOWNSTAIRS TO THE BODY. Referee may be on the verge of stepping in. Big Guguik unloading AND THERE IT IS. BIG GUGUIK WINS. YOU'RE NOT You're not brother. You're not coming Gaguik Hovhannisyan records his 10TH VICTORY BY KNOCKOUT. A PERFECT 10 and 0 to begin his professional career. &gt;&gt; Punch after punch from Hovhannisyan. The referee keeping an eye there trying to see if it's time to pull the trigger and stop this fight. No response from Navarro. A lot of those punches were missing, but again, He is the winner by way of technical knockout and still undefeated Big Gaguik Hovhannisyan.