Kind: captions Language: en Isaac Lucero undefeated at 17 and 0 with 13 KOs. A career best six-fight knockout streak taking on Roberto Valenzuela who's won five consecutive bouts. Gentlemen, as discussed earlier, any punches from here down are low. Anything from here down are low. You had my instructions. Obey my commands. Protect yourself at all times. Good luck. Second generation fighter, the classic Mexican power puncher, experienced, hard-nosed, and carrying knockout juice with 29 stoppages. And these two were throwing like a a video game in the last round. 83 punches for Lucero, 79 for Valenzuela. Lucero landed up 34 to 24. It's just toe-to-toe action. Now he has Valenzuela corralled in the corner. They're both digging to the body. But it's just not his style to be on the back foot. &gt;&gt; You think, Brian, that it would behoove him to make that adjustment? Oh, without question if he could pull it off here, but we've heard what both fighters said coming in. The counter combination there from Valenzuela. &gt;&gt; Double upper left uppercuts by Valenzuela. Rocked the bell there of Lucero. Lead left uppercut coming right back with a second one to catch him upstairs. Faints, backs Valenzuela to the ropes. And we are headed to round number eight. Nice right hand by Lucero. Another right by another right by Lucero. Wow. Lucero said this will be a performance people will remember and that he will steal the show tonight. It's the holiday season. 10 seconds left in the round. Lucero looking to finish it now. Clubbing hand, Valenzuela backing up. The time will run out, but a fantastic That that was a that's it. Stop the fight. The referee stops the fight. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Valenzuela's apoplectic, but Isaac Lucero just recorded his 14th knockout and his career best seven straight finish. Well, we'll see. I Valenzuela was fading and Lucero smelled that blood in the water. Nonstop onslaught and it was just those right hands when the head snaps back of Valenzuela, that's when the ref came in. It might have been after the bell, but the ref has to protect the fighter. And he was defensive and that's what I'm saying. &gt;&gt; Well said. And they see those right hands coming in. That big right hand when that's head snaps back, the ref sees that and he has to jump in. And that what a finisher Lucero is. Great instincts. &gt;&gt; Yeah. He smelled the blood in the water, felt uh Valenzuela fading, and poured it on. For your winner by technical knockout and still undefeated, Isaac [screaming] "El Bud Mexico" Lucero. On Prime Video, we get started in the 126-lb weight class, the undefeated Luis Nunez taking on the hard-charging Hector Sosa. You guys look good right there. You guys give me a good clean fight. Obey my commands and protect yourselves at all times. Touch gloves. Good luck. Nunez, a high-volume pressure boxer who grinds opponents down with pace, jabs, and tight fundamentals. Sosa, a forward-marching pressure fighter with a sturdy chin, has never been stopped, always pushing the pace. Kind of leaving him less vulnerable to those counters that Nunez really could come at you, especially with that left hook Nunez is looking for. Stiff jab there by Nunez. &gt;&gt; can create rhythm. It can break rhythm. Thank you, Stephen Breadman Edwards. Two and a half minutes left in the third. Right hand by Nunez lands fainting by Sosa trying to get Nunez to bite. Parried that jab. Nice right cross by Sosa. And now Nunez temporarily bothered. But also that left hook to the body that he's starting to find a home for. Uh there's a good uh rhythm-disrupting uh jab from Nunez there. Nunez went downstairs with left hooks to the body here in round five, another competitive round as a two-punch combination there from Sosa coming back with a jab, but the counter There's a nice jab to the body by Nunez. Sosa squaring up, high guard. Lead right uppercut, left to the body. Nice three-punch combination by Sosa. &gt;&gt; But in Sosa throwing combinations and then you see he goes up with that right hand over top left uh right uppercut through the guard and finishes with that left hook to the body. Nunez keeping Sosa at range. There's the right hand, the left hook. That's where you could really start to dig to the body, get your shoulders on him and look for those shots. He lands the left hand though very effectively, Mr. Campbell. That is his money shot and he is showing it here. The work to the body that he's done and continues to do so, but he's not slowing Nunez down. He is not. You wonder if Nunez could have more success with that jab if he moved along with it. &gt;&gt; beautiful left hook by Sosa. Push him back. And then here comes Sosa coming back in and there you go. That's the combinations we're talking about. Uh finish that combo with two jabs. The first couple missed, but then Beautiful combination there from Nunez. Nice jab. That's been his number one weapon, Luis Nunez. Textbook jab, Hector Sosa. All for your winner by unanimous decision and still undefeated, Luis "The Twist" Nunez. And we are set for the prelims feature attraction, the debut at 140 for Frank Martin against the former two-division titlist Rances Barthelemy. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Rances "Kid Blast" Barthelemy. [screaming] Ladies and gentlemen, here is a world title challenger, Frank "The Ghost" Martin. Trunks are a little high and this is going to be good for me here. Okay? You got your instructions in the dressing room. I want you to protect yourself at all times and obey my commands at all times. Touch them up. Back to your corner. While for Rances Barthelemy, he is trained by Clarence Bone Adams, a former super bantamweight champion. Round one begins scheduled for 10 at 140, the southpaw Martin. You see Barthelemy try to turn on that uh with Frank Martin there, but he's just a touch behind, especially at 39 years old. Barthelemy on the attack. I thought you were going to drop an OPP reference there. &gt;&gt; Are you down with OPP? Well, what colors are Barthelemy's trunks tonight? I'm blinded by the flash there. Yeah, you know Joe Goossen, don't you, there? I know him fairly well. Under a minute left in the fourth. Oh, right left hand and down goes Barthelemy. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; The fourth knockdown of his career. And the last time was against the left-handed Gary Russell. Martin showing his power at 140 dropping Barthelemy here in the fourth. Let's see him look at the Close the show. That's what I was going to say. The ghost backs him up with big power shots. Frank let him right in that shot through that right hook, came right behind it with the left hand and it caught Barthelemy right on the side of the head. Barthelemy's legs still look there, but he's a step behind Frank Martin at all times. So Frank Martin breaking through in the fourth. And there it is. Knockout Martin, a one-hitter quitter. Are you kidding me? The ghost just scared a bunch of 140-pounders with that. Knockout of the year candidate. Fight really This one was right down the shoot, got his whole body into it, landed it clean, got that angle, and good night. And uh looks like Barthelemy sitting up on a stool right now, but what a great shot right there. You see him pull that right hand down and then boom, straight down the shot. What a perfect angle, perfect perfect left hand. &gt;&gt; southpaw shot from Frank "The Ghost" Martin. That man is scary. He pulled that uh he pulled that right hand down on Barthelemy, created that perfect space for it. And once again, a picture-perfect left hand. Ladies and gentlemen, the end comes at 2 minutes 56 seconds of the fourth round. For your winner by knockout, Frank [cheering] "The Ghost" Martin. Gonzalez brings in the 1-in height advantage, but that wingspan, that jab, Erislandy Lara as slick as they come. a good clean fight. Obey my commands. Protect yourself at all times. Punches right here and up are good. Punches right here and up are legal. Touch them up. Good luck. Took the fight this past Tuesday looking to become a champion on a Saturday night in San Antonio. The bell in round number one. And round number five scheduled for 12 in this middleweight title fight. Erislandy Lara putting his strap on the line. Carlos Adames and Janibek Alimkhanuly. But Gonzalez is getting lit up a bit here by Lara this round. Like he's doing right now, Gonzalez. There's the footwork of the Lara of old. &gt;&gt; That's the footwork of the Lara of old. Lara's average just 543 punches per round, far below the middleweight norm of 53 in his last He's He's below that tonight. As we mentioned, Lara doesn't waste shots. What he throws, he does land, and he opened this round by hitting that counter shot and one of my biggest supporters. He will be deeply missed as we begin the championship rounds here between the champion Erislandy Lara and Johan Gonzalez. Lara coming forward, having success. You might be uh you might notice I'm looking at the the clock a lot, watching the seconds tick by, waiting for it to end. To a close, it should be Lara pitching the shutout on all three judges' score cards against late replacement Gonzalez, who actually was staggered. So, wait a minute, some drama. And Lara saving the best for last, drops Gonzalez for the second time in the fight. Seven. And it's awakening the crowd here in San Antonio. And final knockdown with just seconds left in the fight, the straight left hand, another left that staggered Gonzalez. There it was with those clean left hands. They were open all night. He finally stepped on the gas when the opportunity was there. Gonzalez did finish the fight, of course, beating the count, but a strong finish in round 12 after Gonzalez just beats the count, but at least Lara leaving the fans with something in the 12th and final round. Better late, I guess, than never. The exclamation point we were waiting for. And still the WBA middleweight champion of the world, Erislandy "The American Dream" Lara. Foster, the bigger man with the longer reach, and he is angry. He is pissed off, Brian Campbell. If you represent San Antonio, Texas, I need you on your feet right now. Step to the left. Step to the right. Step to the left. Stephen Fulton may indeed be walking into the danger zone as he is now campaigning at 135. We're talking about a guy who holds a title at 126 lb. Okay, guys. Both of your trunks are good. For the WBC title, give me a good, clean fight. Obey my commands and protect yourselves at all times. Touch gloves. Good luck. lb. Enough belts in this business to hand them out like Costco samples. Round number one. Don't judge me. &gt;&gt; You can laugh out loud after. He's showing that confidence tonight. &gt;&gt; Great point. And land that jab, knocking Fulton off balance. Foster controlling the pace, letting that wheel, the jab, the distance, making the Fulton And that's one of the one of the toughest ways to lose, getting outboxed, not being able able to land anything. Sharp left hand lands for Foster on the face of Fulton. What he wants from the southpaw stance as he sets up a clean Yeah, and the corner told him, "Hey, it's it's time to Another left hand lands for Foster. And and he's doing just that. &gt;&gt; Another left hand by Foster. Fulton's starting to become a nerve tear. Swinging wildly, gets picked off again with that left hand. Not Head's not off center line. Now he ducks. And now in his 27th professional fight, putting on one of his best performances. &gt;&gt; was going to say, had some life pick up in between. Oh, left hand hurts Fulton. Telling him not to hold, but Fulton's got to do whatever it takes. Oh, eats the one-two from Foster. Back to an orthodox stance. Here, let's take a look after at the action. That jab, the right hand. There was no was on the receiving end of 20 power punches landed in round 10 by Foster. Fulton has landed 28 in the fight, guys. Mamma mia. Wow. Let's look back at another big round for O'Shaquie Foster back in the southpaw stance. A former unified champion at 122, a current belt holder at 126, boy, did he make Fulton pay for missing weight tonight. Incredible. Ice water. All three in favor of the winner. He is now the interim WBC lightweight title holder, Ice Water O'Shaquie Foster. &gt;&gt; Jesus Ramos Jr. riding a three-fight knockout streak, takes on Shane Mosley Jr. on a five-fight winning streak. &gt;&gt; All right, gentlemen. Belt, belt, we're good. I gave you your instructions earlier in your dressing room. I want you to obey my commands. Protect yourselves at all times. Please touch them up and best of luck to both y'all. Ramos is engaging in his second 12-round bout, and Mosley facing the first southpaw opponent since 2018 when he beat Michael Moore. It's round one on the back foot. Gets caught again with the right hand. Doesn't move his head off center line, and again Ramos gets hit. Yeah, every time he lands that right hand or throws a right right hand, he drops his left. At 160 lb with an opportunity to perhaps fight for a real championship with a victory. Mosley Jr. starting fast in this round, pushing Ramos back like you mentioned more in the last round. Ooh. Got caught with a counter there. And now Mosley in trouble. Ramos unloading the right and the left. Mosley doing the veteran thing, trying to clinch. Ramos is really looking the part as a big middleweight, a strong one, too, even though he's naturally smaller fighter. At this point, it's getting to a point where Ramos is just obviously trying to time him, and we're waiting for that big shot to be landed by Ramos. Oh, good counter left hand by Ramos. Trying desperately to land punches, but I think you're right, Brian. It may be just a matter of Oh, one-two, Mosley. Left and right hand, another right hand. Right hand, and Ramos in trouble. Come on. Say what you really said. Drop an F bomb, Brian. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; A family show. With under two minutes left in the sixth. They're throwing bombs. Oh, beautiful right uppercut, left hand. What a combination by Ramos. And so, here at trench warfare, you would think the advantage would be to Ramos. He lands the couple of rights, but Mosley again standing his ground. Who's more wise than the bread man? &gt;&gt; My goodness. Learn something every week. Nice combination by Ramos. Left hook to the body by Mosley, turning. The pace has been fantastic for a middleweight fight. And that caught the attention of the fans, and Mosley Ramos unloading on a defenseless Mosley. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Take a bow, Jesus Ramos Jr. and Shane Mosley Jr. What a 12-round fight. All three in favor of the winner. He is now the interim WBC middleweight world title holder, Jesus "El Mono" Ramos. In terms of the tale of the tape, they favor Lamont Roach, but that's always the case for Cruz, the the pocket rocket at 5'4", giving up 3 in and giving up a huge amount of reach. Gentlemen, this is going to be good right here. Right here on this side going to be good. This is for the WBC interim championship of the world. You got your instructions in the dressing room. I want you to protect yourself at all times. Obey my commands at all times. Touch them up. Back to your corner. And it's time to close the show with tonight's main event, scheduled for 12 rounds in the 140-lb division. Roach making his debut in this weight class. A minute gone here in round two. Ooh, nice right hand. Cruz has to try to Oh. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; And the glove touch. Roach hitting with the left hand. It's a knockdown, and it's the first knockdown of Roach's career, and it [cheering] happens here in round three. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Back there in round three, Cruz landing the biggest punch, a counter left hook that backed up Roach. Correctly ruled a knockdown as the glove hit the canvas by referee James Green. It was the timing &gt;&gt; Was he in Brooklyn when he fought Davis? Exactly. First blood delivered here by Pitbull, and broke open a very competitive start here. As you can see, that glove touched Scheduled for 12 rounds at 140 lb. Roach making his junior welterweight debut. He's already gone down as Cruz comes forward. There's a jab. By catching him coming in and standing his ground. Ooh, a left hook by Roach upstairs that landed. Another left hook by Roach. Another left hand from Roach. In rounds three and four, and guess what? Roach has outlanded Cruz in each of the last four rounds. Yeah, nice shot. And then you can see now how confident Roach is getting. A little bit more bounce on the feet. Another round that favors Lamont Roach Jr. Although Cruz caught him there and Cruz now unloading on Roach in the final seconds of the round. And Roach willing to stand his ground. He gets tagged with a left from Cruz. I know who I think has won this fight, but my opinion doesn't matter. I just think Cruz didn't do enough. Both scored the bout 113 to 113. A draw. The decision is a majority draw. My god, for the second consecutive fight