Kind: captions Language: en All right, a very good afternoon to all the media joining us around the world. Today, we're going to hear from the fighters who are going to be headlining a PBC pay-per-view event on Prime Video coming up on Saturday, December 6th from the Frost Bank Center in San Antonio. It'll be Mexican star Isaac Pitbull Cruz going head-to-head against reigning world champion Lamont Roach. The pay-per-view comes your way at 8:00 Eastern, 5:00 Pacific time. Three fights leading up to the main event. It'll be rising Mexican star Jesus Mono Ramos going head-to-head against top contender Shane Mosley Jr. that for the interim WBC middleweight championship. Two-division world champion Stephen Fulton Jr., the pride and joy of Philadelphia, PA, taking on the WBC super featherweight champion O'Shaquie Foster from Texas for Foster's championship. Also, co-main event WBA middleweight world champion Adonis La Hoya will duel with WBO and IBF middleweight champion Janibek Alimkhanuly in the co-main event. That a middleweight unification matchup on top of that. It was just announced before the pay-per-view streaming live for free on Prime Video. Three fights will start and it'll feature the return of top contender Frank Martin taking on the two-division world champion Radzhab Butaev. Tickets for the live event are available ticketmaster. com. In addition for being available for purchase on Prime Video, regardless of Prime membership, you're able to access the pay-per-view through today's traditional cable and satellite outlets, as well as PPV.com. The event promoted by TGB Promotions in association with MP Promotions, Pro Boxing Promotions, and Box Stars. Now, let's meet one half of the main event. 25 wins, one loss, two draws. 10 wins coming by way of knockout. Won his world title back in November of 2023 with a clutch knockdown in the final round to defeat Hector Luis Garcia. Very proudly representing Washington, D.C. Most recently challenged WBA lightweight world champion Gervonta Davis in one of the year's most exciting matchups. He went toe-to-toe. The fight ended in a much-discussed draw. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the reigning and defending WBA or beg your pardon, the reigning WBA super featherweight world champion. This man has accomplished so much in his career. It hasn't come easy. He's taken everything and is a throwback old-school fighter. Please welcome Lamont Roach Jr. Lamont, always great to talk with you. Uh how are you feeling? Look, this is a massive pay-per-view event for you. Your second straight headlining affair. Uh what is this entire experience like for you? Man, I feel good. Uh to answer your first question, I feel great. Blessed to be here. Um But it feels good, man. Second headlining my second, you know, main event pay-per-view. It's it's it's awesome, man. Uh you know, after this performance, I look forward to doing many more. Well, when you were going through your career and with everything that you were having to combat and and, you know, all these obstacles, you know, how much did you focus and say, "Listen, this is I'm going to be at the top of the sport." And it doesn't get much bigger than headlining big events like this. And this is the second straight time you've done it. Man, it's just a testament to myself and, you know, to the promise I made to myself that, you know, I won't stop until I get as far as I can. And I know the sky's the limit for me. So, uh you know, it's just time in and time out. Every time I get in that ring, I'mma show everyone why I'm going to be one of the best fighters to ever go down in history. Now that you have gotten this uh taste of success as you get ready to take on Isaac Pitbull Cruz, you know, what have you done in training camp to prepare for the kind of aggression that Cruz is going to throw at you? You fought guys of all different styles, but we know that Isaac Cruz has one motor and that's come forward. Yeah, for sure. Uh you know, we brought in some guys that are that are pretty tough, some guys that are bigger. Um some guys that are just straight-up relentless. Um you know, we've been sparring with those guys and we've been we've been looking pretty good. Uh you know, sparring is different from the fight, but it's just a mentality getting myself ready, getting myself prepped for that for that kill zone. And um that's what I plan to enter on December 6th. You made a statement against Gervonta Davis without question. What kind of statement are you looking to make against Isaac Cruz on December 6th? Uh the type of statement I'm trying to make is that um to show that that wasn't just no no just one good night in the office. That's how it's going to be every night. Every single night. Every time you guys see me under them bright lights. I think that's the that's the main thing. Um and I just want to go out there and put on a show for the fans to show that, you know, I'm I'm definitely the caliber to headline pay-per-view. Now, obviously, I don't think that. I I I know what you're capable of. I've seen what you have been capable of for over a decade, you know, coming up from where you have come from uh because that's in your DNA. But does that does that bother you when you hear that? When people say, "Oh, there was he just had a good night." cuz I know, you know, straight-up it wasn't just a good &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; night. That's what Lamont Roach Jr. does. Yeah, um it doesn't bother me. Um it's it's a little funny. It tickled me a little bit. But other than that, I I know what I'm capable of. I know I know myself. And um I know what I can do. And I I proved that to myself like throughout my entire career. Um in training, when I'm working hard. And um when people don't really see the the work I put in, uh you know, behind the scenes. So, you know, I I won't let anybody's opinion or words or especially guys who aren't really in the know, um you know, affect me. I like that. Uh tickled me because that's exactly when you said that. I'm like, "Wait a minute, who's saying that?" cuz that's just crazy. I'm like, &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; "You know what I mean? Like, are you kidding me?" Like as you said, they must not know. But I know that the media wants to know more about you. I'm going to turn it over to Andrew Roberts, our outstanding PR member. If you have questions for Lamont Roach Jr., the champ, raise your hand, tell us what media outlet you're from, and come out and ask a question for Lamont Roach Jr., the champ, getting set for his matchup against Isaac Pitbull Cruz, Saturday, December 6th. PBC pay-per-view on Prime Video. Andrew, it's all you, man. Thanks very much, right? Our first media question's going to come from Elias Bonco with Split Decision Network. Elias, please unmute yourself. You can ask your question. All right. Hey, Lamont. Um good to see you. You know, my first question is, you know, last year, 2024, you, you know, were on ProBox TV defending your title against Fidel Castro in a homecoming bout. And now, you know, 2025, you had your coming-out party against Gervonta Davis. And now you're headlining the last PBC card of the year. You know, what has how has 2025 changed the trajectory of your career? Well, um 2025 has changed the trajectory just as far as uh you know, getting more eyes on me. That's about it. You know, I fought one of the most popular superstars in the sport. Um so, that was a big thing. Um it was definitely, you know, a spectacle. And then on top of that, my performance. But other than that, I don't think any trajectory has been changed far as like my career and what path I'm going on because 2023, I fought on pay-per-view and won my first world title. And just, you know, after that, my goal has always been the same. Uh fight the best fights, fight the best fighters. And um you know, eventually, I would have been where I am today and uh regardless of you know, how fast it would have came. All right, great. Thank you, Lamont. Thank you for that question, Elias. Our next media question's going to come from Matt Brown with Brunch Boxing. Matt, please unmute yourself and you can ask your question. Hey, this is actually uh Ezra with Brunch Boxing. But uh Lamont, my question is um you you know, this fight's going to be at super lightweight. If you get the win here, is there a chance you stay at 140 lbs or will you be going back to 135? Uh uh yeah, for sure. There'd be a chance I stay. Um It depends on what presents itself. You know how tricky the boxing game is. Uh people might be busy. Uh champions might be busy at 135. Um ultimately, I want to go back to 35 and uh be a champion at 135 because I feel like, you know, I was shorted out of a championship um in that division. So, I want to for sure. And um but if there's a opportunity there's a world title opportunity at 140, I'll definitely take it. I won't hesitate. All right. Thank you for that, Ezra. Our next media question's going to come from Gayle Falkenthal with New York Fights. Gayle, please unmute yourself and you can ask your question. Thank you very much, Andrew. Thank you for doing this for us, Lamont. I'm glad to see you're not the driver today. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Don't don't Don't don't mess things up on the way to the fight. You you have fought in front of You fought a lot of Mexican opponents. You fought in front of a lot of Mexican fans who are probably not cheering for you. Do you use that How do you use that as a positive for you when you know you're in front of a big arena full of folks cheering for your Mexican opponent, which is bound to happen here in San Antonio coming up in a few weeks. I'm really I probably really don't use it as positivity just off the simple fact that I really don't pay attention to it. Once I get into the ring, there's like minimal like distractions for me. The only thing I hear is the corner. All the only thing I hear is my corner, the other corner, and the ref. That's about it. That's the only thing I hear and um Uh what would I say? And like you said, I've been there before, so it's just like, you know, I'm used to it. Um you got to think look at look at my last fight. The arena full of, you know, fans of my opponent and then, you know, there's a lot of people who came out there for me, for sure, but, you know, obviously the scale uh the fan ratio was a little different. All right, perfect. Thank you, Lamont. Thank you for that question, Gail. Our next media question's going to come from Carlito Palomo with Carlito Fight Talk. Carlito, please unmute yourself and you can ask your question. Yes, Lamont. You know, it's always good to talk to you. You know, I saw you live at the press conference for the media here in San Antonio. I'm pretty psyched and uh excited. December 6th is going to be a hell of a show. So, what can we all expect under the lights Frost Bank Center? Man, like you said, I think fans should expect for it to be a hell of a show. Um there's a great undercard leading up to a a banger of a of a main event and I promise you guys, I promise you guys, that um it won't be any anything less than a spectacular fight. I promise. All right, thanks, Carlito. Our next media question's going to come from Alex Sekiya with Prime Point Media. Alex, please unmute yourself and you can ask your question. Hey, Lamont. First off, I'd like, you know, thank you for your time today. Um you've displayed a a mental aspect of skill throughout your boxing career. As, you know, was already mentioned once, Isaac Cruz is going to be a guy who just got a motor to come at you. You know, you kind of already alluded to it's going to be like a good spectacle, but would you define this fight as going to be something where fans will see Lamont be the boxer or a brawler in the sense? Like, you know, how is your skill set do you think is going to be defined in this fight? We'll wait and see. We'll see what opportunities open up and um we'll see how it goes. Uh I think there there'll be flashes of a lot of a lot of like, you know, aspects of my game and I think that'll be the beauty uh in that night, for sure. I definitely think that'll be the beauty in that night. All right, thank you for that question. Um our next media question's going to come from Jim Conlan with RCB Radio Sport in Ireland. Jim, please unmute yourself and you can ask your question. Oh, yeah, Lamont. Uh my question for you, you mentioned about the possibility of staying at 140 lb. Just talks of a mega fight between Teofimo Lopez and Shakur Stevenson at the end of January in New York. If you're successful in this fight, is that something that you have a keen interest looking on at that a fight and maybe uh super fight again against the winner? Yes, most definitely. I think uh that'll be the best The winner of that fight would be the best fight for me. Obviously, I think that'll be the uh the more eye-catching fight and and it would definitely be a legacy-defined fight, uh for sure. All right, thank you for that question. Our last media question for Lamont, I believe this is Matt Brown this time. Matt, please unmute yourself and you can ask your question. Matt, you there? Oh, he might have stepped away. All right, well, that's our last media question for Lamont, then. Uh with that, I'll turn it back over to our host Ray Flores to wrap things up with Lamont. All right, thank you very much, Andrew. Lamont, as you prepare for fight week, you know, fight in a couple weeks here, what's a statement or what do you want to tell, you know, not only the world, but also Isaac Cruz as uh we're getting closer to this huge showdown coming up in San Antonio? Uh I just want to tell everyone, including Isaac uh Isaac, that you know, I hope I hope your boots are strapped up tight. It's going to be a it's going to be a hell of a rodeo that night. I like his style, man. Yeah. Hey, Lamont, happy I know you're probably not going to be able to enjoy it the way that you want, but happy Thanksgiving to you and your family. I hope you're able to enjoy some family time aside from just preparing for this match-up and look forward to seeing you during fight week in San Antonio. And I appreciate it. Thank you. Same to you. Happy holidays. All right, Lamont Roach Jr. joining us. Thank you so much to the champ as he's preparing for his match-up against Isaac "Pitbull" Cruz. Now, let's meet his opponent on Saturday, December 6th. Again, you want to make sure to purchase this pay-per-view. It is available PBC pay-per-view on Prime Video or traditional cable or satellite outlets along with PPV.com. Tickets are still available at the Frost Bank Center. You can get them via ticketmaster.com. Now, we're going to talk with the former WBA super lightweight world champion, a rising Mexican superstar from Mexico City, captured his world title with an eighth-round stoppage over WBA welterweight champion Rolly Romero back in March of 2024, most recently defeating Angel Fierro back in February. What a match-up that was and he really picked up the pace against Omar Salcido back in July when Manny Pacquiao fought to a draw with Mario Barrios. 28 wins, three losses, one draw. 18 wins coming by way of knockout. This man's stock only continues to rise. Ladies and gentlemen, damas y caballeros, please welcome Isaac "Pitbull" Cruz. Isaac, how are you? ¿Cómo estás? Uh hi, everyone. Uh so glad to be here, very happy. And we are just looking forward to uh going out on December 6th and giving the fans the great show that they deserve. How is Isaac Cruz? What's his mindset and, you know, how has camp been like thus far? Uh it's been hard from the get-go because we know that Lamont Roach is going to be a difficult opponent. At the same time, we keep a winning mentality, a positive mindset that allows us to go into December 6th with the determination and the only goal in mind of the victory being the only option. We want to win no matter what. February, July, now November. How much is activity going to benefit him on Saturday, December 6th? Uh it's going to be a big advantage because, like you said, I've remained active and that that has allowed me to only have to make adjustments, to not have to gear up from the very beginning. So, now uh we're just able to do what we want to do, uh tweak some things and then be able to prepare the way we really want to for December 6th. Now, I'm going to turn it over to Andrew Roberts, our PA extraordinaire. If you have questions for Isaac "Pitbull" Cruz, by all means, come out and ask Isaac Cruz questions. Raise your hand and then ask what you have on your mind. Andrew, it's all you. Thanks very much, Ray. Our first media question for Isaac's going to come from Carlito with Carlito Fight Talk. Uh please unmute yourself and you can ask your question, Carlito. Always good to talk to you. Um I can't wait to see you in the ring live in San Antonio, Texas. Um what can we all expect December 6th under the Frost Bank Center? Uh well, look, what you can expect is for me to fight my heart out inside the ring on December 6th and to go after the 12 rounds, no matter how hard it may get, to go after round after round and giving my best because, most importantly, it's all about giving the fans what they deserve, regardless of whether they bought the pay-per-view or they bought a ticket to attend the fight at the arena. I want to give them a great show because that's what we're there for. All right, thank you, Isaac, and thank you, Martin, for that translation. Um our next media question is going to come from Alex Sekiya with Prime Point Media. Alex, please unmute yourself and you can ask your question. Hey, Isaac. Thank you for your time today. Um you know, you recently watched Lamont Roach face off against Gervonta Davis, someone you have fought in the past. Gervonta isn't known to have much of a, you know, high-pressuring motor like you have all 12 rounds. You know, how much of intensity will play a factor against a guy like Lamont Roach, knowing he can withstand a punch, he can withstand power? How much of being able to go 100 punches round after round is going to be a factor for you for this fight? I mean Uh well, first of all, Gervonta, Roach, and I were three completely different fighters. So, uh I I do hope that Lamont Roach comes comes ready to fight because he's going to see something completely different than what he saw in March. And most importantly, like I said, the fans need to see a great fight. So, Lamont says that he's going to knock me out, and I'm going to come at him for whatever it takes. All right. Thanks very much for that question, Alex. Our next media questions will come from Gail Falkenthal with New York Fights. Gail, please unmute yourself, you can ask your question. Hello, Isaac and Martin. Uh Isaac, I think you might have the most passionate fans in boxing. I have talked to them. Some drive hours from Baja California uh or northern Mexico to see you when you're in Las Vegas. Would you talk about how that relationship has developed and how that affects you in the ring? Fans are everything to me. Uh whether you are just uh trying to watch the fight on TV, buying a bag of potato chips, making the effort, the time investment of sitting down and watching me fight, or, you know, like coming to the fight itself is also like even more valuable to me because the support that I get from people inside the arena is not something that every fighter gets, and it's not something that I take for granted because it means the world to me, and it propels me forward in order to to give me that extra boost of energy that any fighter is grateful to have. So, that's when when I say that I want to give a great fight, it's because I appreciate that effort so much that about the the fans being there for me either purchasing the fight or in person. All right, perfect. Thank you, Isaac, and thank you for that question, Gail. Our next media question is going to come from Elias Bonko with The Split Decision Network. Elias, please unmute yourself, and you can ask your question. Hello, Isaac. Um this is your third fight of 2025. The last time you fought three times in a year was 2021. You know, what's the biggest difference between this version of yourself and the one from 4 years ago? Well, Isaac Cruz has been gaining experience. He has been getting stronger and also gaining a lot of confidence fight after fight. That's the main difference between now and then. All right, perfect. Thank you. Our next media question is going to come from Jim Conlan with RCB Radio Sports in Ireland. Jim, please unmute yourself, and you can ask your question. Hi, Isaac. Uh Isaac, you mentioned there about the possibility of the inactivity of Canelo Alvarez, about the being the torch being passed on for the moment and having all eyes on you as the face of Mexican boxing. Is that maybe adding another extra pressure onto your own shoulders, or is that a pressure you really enjoy, pressure that you want to have? No. Well, to your question, uh it's two different things, really. One is that the legacy talk needs to be set aside uh for the focus of winning on December 6th. That's going to be the main thing, right? But, like you said, Canelo has had an absolutely amazing career, and at some point the torch is going to be passed. When that time comes, I'll be ready both mentally and physically to be able to carry that torch forward. I know I can do it. Uh also, it's going to be up to the fans, to the people, the the the boxing fans to decide who they want to be the next face of Mexican boxing, Mexican boxing, sorry. And if they decide that they want me to be then I'll proudly carry that flag, that torch, and that legacy with me as I move forward uh showcasing my talent inside the ring because that's what I do. I show my skills and my own legacy inside the ring. All right, perfect. Thanks. Our last media question for today is going to come from either Matt or Ezra from Brunch Boxing. Th- This is Ezra. Um yeah, uh we've seen Lamont Roach we've seen um Lamont Roach take big shots from Tank Davis and and be able to withstand them. Do you see this as an opportunity to show your power and how and you're being one of the hardest hitting guys in the sport uh and being able to maybe possibly hurt Lamont Roach or even stop him? Uh my power has always been there. It's been showcased uh in every fight that I've had, and now let's see December 6th if Lamont Roach can stand in there and withstand my power. That remains to be seen. All right, great. Thank you very much for all of our media questions, and thank you to Isaac for his time today and for Martin's translation. With that, I'm going to turn it back over to Ray to wrap things up for us. Thanks so much, Andrew. Isaac, any final closing comments and a message that you want to give Lamont Roach Jr. and also all the fight fans who are going to be making their way to San Antonio the week of December 6th, and those that are going to be watching around the world on pay-per-view, PBC pay-per-view on Prime Video, Frost Bank Center, ticketmaster.com for tickets. But, Isaac, any final closing comments? I just want to thank fans around the world for tuning in for the support and I hope to see you there on December 6th. To Lamont Roach, I have nothing to tell you but see you there on December 6th. It's going to be an amazing fight. Well, I certainly Isaac, thank you very much. Thank you very much to Lamont Roach Jr. Thank you to the media. We appreciate it. We will see you during fight week in San Antonio. It is Isaac Pitbull Cruz matching up against Lamont Roach Jr. the main event. It is going to be a cat miss night of boxing PBC pay-per-view on Prime Video 8 Eastern 5 Pacific time. For those in the United States, happy Thanksgiving. We'll see you during fight week in San Antonio. Have a great one everybody.