Kind: captions Language: en Next here we got probably one of the most popular fighters out of Mexico. Esso Pitbull Cruz who is taking on Omar Salceto. Instructions in the dressing room so you know exactly what I expect. A clean championship fight. Obey my commands and protect yourself at all times. Touch gloves. Good luck to both of you. &gt;&gt; That's why he's in the Hall of Fame. All right. Two men who dream of getting into the Hall of Fame someday. Isak Cruz a pitbull comes out and does what the pitbull does. Take that. Will it be Manny Pacquiao or will it be Mario Barios defeating a legend in our main event right now? It's Dan Cruz landing big powerful shots like that overhand right on Lee. A complete fighter. He's not just an inside brawler. He's a combination puncher. He can box like he showed against Stank Davis. There's a lot that Pit Bull can do. Oh, by the way, a thirdgeneration boxer when you consider his grandfather Memo Cruz with a featherweight in the late 1960s. Scored wins over future world champions Fino Quas, Alfredo Escaler, and his dad and trainer, Esacho Senior. That body shot just hurt. &gt;&gt; He fought the warnings from Mark Nelson, the third man in the ring for holding against Satos. Oh, he's right now. And &gt;&gt; he always finds success with the overhand ride because guess what? The opponent is going to try to get away. Now, &gt;&gt; it's so easy to see why he's so beloved by the Mexican fan base. Doesn't talk a lot of trash. He doesn't try to boast. He's just solid workmanlike dangerous figure and he was certainly game, but there's a new swagger and confidence upgraded uppercut. Go ahead. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm a pump. I'm sure he is. You know who I want to give us a bump of knowledge here? Who's that? &gt;&gt; Joe. Joe, as a trainer, would you be happy with what you've seen so far from Isakuras against a late replacement? &gt;&gt; A stern talking to what we call that. And Pitull says, "You do the talking, I'll do the punching." He's just going to say, "You know what that means? He's not going to be able to hold." So guess what? He's going to take a beating. &gt;&gt; He hasn't thrown much in this fight, so he's got the energy. Nice body work from Pitman. &gt;&gt; Just brutal body work with these lead left hooks. &gt;&gt; Was pissed wild in the last combination. &gt;&gt; He's not doing what the corner told him. Straight to the body. Straight punches. Faints. We're not seeing that. Salo needs to fight down when the pitbull goes to work because Andasa the pitbull is ready to put in some work here. the last. So, if I were a Cruz, I would like, no, I don't know. &gt;&gt; Vicious overhand right. It's been the left that's been doing damage this round. And now he has to hold on and take the knockdown. Put his glove on the canvas. He's got a ton out of him. Credit to for standing up to Isakuz and credit to Isakuz for saying you put whoever you want in front of me and I am going to take them out. All three in favor of the winner and he is now the WBC interim super lightweight champion Isoch Pitbull Cruz. [Applause]