Kind: captions Language: en heading back to the prop market for this main event. Land finished his last fight by KO in the ninth round. So, it makes sense why he's minus 210 to finish resendis tonight. Okay, boxes, both trunks are good. We went over the instructions earlier. As a reminder, obey my commands at all times. Protect yourself at all times. Chest gloves. Good luck to those. This is your main event and this is round number one. And remember, against pressure fighters, Plant's already selective punch output tends to dip. Ryan, [Applause] let's see if Recendes goes back to some type of looping shots. Think of Marcos Maidana when he backs down Floyd Mayweather to the victory. Here comes Rosendi's land right hand and then a combination and Rosendi is taking over the fight. Caleb Plant kind of reminds me of the same overhand right hand that Canela hurt him with. Beautiful overhand right once, not twice, but three times with the left as well. That left hook might be his best weapon. What a powerful shot. He says he loves the right hook, but the left hook's money. And he did exactly what we supposed to do. Resend is he followed up. He put the pressure over hand right once, twice, and there's a left. Rosendi seems to have paced himself for that kind of thing. Big right hand there from Rosendis. There is a reason why plan chose the aspello fight. Yeah, a lot of jabstone in this round by Recend. Low output fading down the stretch and there was a short right hand by Recendes. Counter right by Recendes. There's a right uppercut by Plant. Under a minute left in the 11 might be too small for this weight class. He's showing otherwise. He's a He's coming up with a brilliant performance. He said his secret to pulling the upset was that fatherhood that's coming. What pride is he showing right now? An incredible performance by the huge underdog Armando Recendes. They go 12 rounds. Judge at ringside Steve Weissfeld sees it 116 to 112 in favor of the winner and the new interim WBA super middleweight world champion [Applause] Armando Viva Mexico Armando Ascendes has just upset Caleb plan. It must be a split decision.