Kind: captions Language: en Undefeated Caleb Plant against Andrew Hernandez. Super middleweights scheduled for 10 rounds. For the introduction to the fighters, we go now to the center of the ring for the first time tonight. And our ring announcer, Ralph Valz. Ladies and gentlemen, good evening and welcome to the joint at Hard Rock Hotel and Casino, Las Vegas, Nevada. This is Showtime special edition presented by Premier Boxing Champions Mayweather Promotions Corona La Cervesa Masina Hard Rock Las Vegas and Showtime. This is the opening attraction of the evening. 10 rounds of boxing in the super middleweight division at ringside. The three judges scoring this bout will be Eric Cheek, Bert Clemens, and Lisa Giama. And in the ring, the man laying the law when the bell sounds, referee Russell Moda. Introducing first, fighting out of the red corner, he's wearing camouflage trunks. He went in officially at 166 and 14 lbs. his professional record, 19 victories, six defeats with one bout, even nine of his victories coming by way of KO. Fighting out of Phoenix, Arizona. Presenting the pride of Phoenix, Andrew Hurricane. And his opponent fighting out of the blue corner. He's wearing magenta and leopard colored trunks. He went in officially at 167 and 14 lbs. his professional record. 15 victories, no defeat. 10 of his victories coming by way of KO. Fighting out of Nashville, Tennessee, presenting the undefeated Caleb [Applause] Sweethe. Once again, referee in charge Russell Mora for instructions. Centering, gentlemen. Okay, trunks here. Good. Trunks here. Good. Below this line's a foul. Gentlemen, we went over the rules in the dressing room. I want to remind you, protect yourself at all times. Obey my commands. God bless you both. Touch up. Good job. Take a look at the keys to victory or the excuse me, the the tail of the tape. And you see that um the slight reach for plant, but he's not going to use that dramatically. And here are the rules. No standing a count, no three knockdown rule. Only the referee can stop the fight. Fighter cannot be saved with the bell in any round. And a fight is official after four rounds. So, Caleb Plant in the magenta trunks and Andrew Hernandez, who is a journeyman, 196 and one, nine knockouts. Good right hand by Caleb. Nice moving on that jab. That's what we need. Good job. Let's get that jab, man. Caleb Plant is a very, very good boxer, but we had some indication he might start this fight out a little more in the pocket. And that is exactly where he's at right now. Andrew Hernandez, he said he wants to take him into deep waters. Even though he says he, as he describes it, I was sitting on a couch eating potato chips when he got the call for this fight. And that's why Plant should take advantage. I mean, he came in in one week's notice. Hernandez, if I was him, I would try to jump on him, try to land some big body shot there. There you go. He's landing some good body shots. Test his win. Hernand has always been a very patient fighter and he continues to be so early in this fight. Hernandez has a very good jab and uh it's just that he's fighting a fighter who has, you know, a jab that is his main weapon. So, we'll see if he can who can win that battle early in this fight. So far, Hernandez staying out of harm's way. Caleb Plant the busier of the two here in this first round, but pretty little to choose. Plant is uh he's not very consistent with his jab. He's got to be a little bit more consistent. That's what I'm talking about. More put his punches together. Three punch combination, but only one of them landed. [Applause] Taylor Clint wants to he's a good defensive player when he's moving, but he wants to be better in the pocket when we see some evidence of that in this fight as he slipped a bunch of punches already. Yeah, he gives you that little angle and he tries to use that shoulder roll that he says he learns from James Tony James Tony a great defensive fighter stay in the pocket and make play moving. That's what he's uh he's trying to do. Yeah, it's been effective so far, too. [Music] [Applause] We asked both guys what they need to do to win this fight here first. Here's Caleb Plant. Good job. The fight's going my way. Then you're just going to see me having fun. You're going to see me boxing. Uh you'll see me stepping to him as needed. You'll see me sticking and moving as needed and just putting on a show. Um that's what I do. I like to entertain. I like to have fun with what I do. And that's what's going to happen. Um, you know, I don't want this fight to go the distance. So, um, I, you know, expect for me to be aggressive in going for the kill, uh, early, late, any any time of the fight. You know, I'm going to be looking for the knockout. And, uh, you know, I came to get the job done. Seconds out. [Applause] So, he may have been looking for the knockout, but has not come remotely close to finding it after the first three minutes of this fight. Plant on the gas early here in the second round. [Music] Hernandez has created some upsets uh when he's come in on last minute which has happened before against Mamedv and also against CJ uh in a recent fight. And so he's capable of getting the upset done. The question is can he do it tonight? And he often comes in as an underdog. Well, he also often comes in at 154 pounds. So, this doesn't help him tonight, right? He's uh it was all he could do to get to 168. And we also seen him in the past against uh Jerry ODM on our Showbox series. We got TK Od got knocked out in one round by Jerry ODM. As a matter of fact, that was a rematch. First fight was a disqualification. Getting a little more country did take a right hand from Hernandez. Yeah, Hernandez mixed in a good jab that set up that right hand as well. You know, there were four different people at some point as an opponent for the in this fight. You know, it makes it kind of daunting to prepare. Yeah, absolutely. I'm very much a student of the game. He said, "Boxing is my life. That's all I got. backstory is interesting. He was once homeless, originally from small town of Tennessee. He'd love to get a world title and come back there and defend it somewhere in Tennessee. Yeah, we were kidding. We said don't do it football season. Well, there's the combination punch that Rald has been talking about, too. plant when he puts his hands together. Oh, he's very effective and starting to work the body with some success, too. Well, he's the kind of guy that, you know, he's not going to finish you with one shot. So, you know, speed is power. So, he's got to put his punches together, three and four punch combinations. And as you see, he's being very effective with that right off the stick. You know, Hernandez has kept this fight though at a pace that could work for him to some degree because we we pointed out he couldn't fight on late nose. Uh it's not a torid pace. That was a good left hand. Best shot of the fight so far by Caleb Plant. That's his power punch left and another good left hook. Hernandez though not yet taking a backward [Applause] step is about to open now [Applause] and finish with you talked about the combination punching of Caleb Plant and here's some examples of it and look at that double left hook. The second one didn't get there with that left hook to the body was very effective and then he's able to get that lead left hook into the head. That is his power punch. You look great. You look great. You look great. Told us he's trying to work on shortening up his punches a little bit. Was very effective in that second round. Landing 42% of his punches, 11 out of 26. [Music] Hernandez still a very comfortable pace as he mentioned. He told us that what he wants to do is try to get plant deep water. Got to break that body down. Yeah, Hernandez needs to get close. Work the body. get some steam off of Plant's power punches. That was a looping right hand from Plant that got there after a while left. You know, it's interesting. You see Plant, even though he's been very effective, taking a very cautious approach. He's not the kind of man that will be reckless. No, exactly. [Applause] He's a type of guy that's comfortable like winning fights from the outside. Like you say, you know, he doesn't really take chances where double jab comes again starting to score from several different angles. Yeah, give this an indication of Clant landing at a higher percentage, much higher percentage than Hernandez. But the other man has been wildly busy. Although we've seen Kelly Clamp throw a lot of good combinations of swelling on Fernandez's left eye. Yeah, both above and below it. That could be a proud land so sharp hand. Another combination and that rocked Hernandez. Good right hand of the body by Plant. Just change it over to the body. Go for the hand with the right hand. And again, a good left hand. It came off a double shot to the body. I haven't seen Plant throw the double left hook as well. I don't know. Well, I don't know if you have, but I haven't seen him throw that punch as well as he is. It looks like he's been working on it. Looks like he's perfected it more. That kind of like that check very Yeah. Very accurate and very tight with the lead a little bit of that shoulder roll. A little bit nice head movement. Yeah, it gives you a lot of different angles. It's a very effective round for K Plant. [Applause] Beautiful work, man. Take a deep breath. All right, you're wearing him down. His eyes his eye is a mess. All right, you know what that is? That's because he keeps his left hand down. All right, you're using that stick on that eye. Keep using the stick and the right hand on that eye. [Music] a major weapon for Caleb Plant and he doubles with it there. The one that the body was really effective and then we'll see it again as a lead punch to the head and then he continues to throw it. It's just a very effective weapon for him and always the educated jab starting out these combinations for Taylor. He's setting down on his punches more tonight than than at some other. Keep working up and down and don't force anything that's not there. But watch for those incoming sticks. Heard the voice in the corner of Justin Gamber. Justin says, "I never lie to my fighter. I always tell him the truth." You heard him say, "Work on that eye." How about the stat that Justin gave us? He thinks that uh he said he's honest about it. He claims that in only two of the 60 pro rounds that Caleb Plan has fought has his man lost the round. I don't think he's lost any tonight. No, you know, Andrew Hernandez is he's he's such a delightful guy and he's a such a willing participant who comes into these fights and is ready to to give his all. And tonight he's he's giving, you know, a solid effort. Yeah, it's interesting. I mean, we talk to the fighters on the before the fight. Most of them come in several people. Yeah, we call it lots of people. Andrew and watch me Andrew. Um, yes, he was there alone and just as candid as he could possibly be and you know, he's trying his best here tonight starting to become a problem for him. I mean, you know, he's the kind of guy that doesn't have a promoter and when you get opportunities like this, you got to take them and beat someone like Taylor, he's in the mix. There's two jabs and then two body shots from Kevin Plant. Very nice crisp combination by Plant. Left hook again. He really gives you a lot of different looks. Yeah, he does. He does. He's in, he's out. He gives you angles. Look at him. He's very comfortable there. He's on his toes. He's uh he's having fun. Well, they talked about that. He said he wants to entertain. You're in control. The jumping close. He's actually, you know, occasionally he's some people say, "You've seen none of that." No, you see him as an entertaining fight. I like when I see three jabs again. Nice steady jab. He's only looking ground. But then again, he's not forcing him to do whatever he wants. Watch your head. Watch your head. There's a right hand. He has some good ones, but he has not been able to get close with that punch so far in this fight. Hernand had answer like that. Don't let him set his feet off that decision. That was the first time has covered the left and with his own left. He looked with it [Applause] actually. Again, a very dominant round for Caleb Plant. It's not about what Hernandez isn't doing. It's more [Applause] Hold on. Okay, let's go. Let's go. Let's go. So, we come to round five so far on my card and I have to think on yours a shut out for Caleb Plant. Yeah, he's uh he's dominating. tried to work on the eye of Hernandez between rounds and it's still uh pretty swollen. There's a good right hand right solid shot by the way he's sitting down more on his shots more power still like to see him take more chances you know I mean he's dominating this fight he's winning but I think he's he's I think he puts more a little bit more pressure more intensity comes forward a little bit more he'll get the stop we asked what he what he's doing to stop this purely as a marketing tool because he's young man on the cusp of being contender. I take it as it comes. If it's there, I'll get it, but I'm not going to push it. But making the point, maybe sometimes you need to put out a little more pressure. Absolutely. I mean, you know, that's what people like to see. They come to see knock, come to see a little bit more exciting. You never That's all I did. He was a real showboat. Yeah, exactly. Danced. He danced. There you go. [Music] Yeah, that swelling under the left eye is not yet closed. Little cut above the eye too alongside the nose. You know, it's interesting. This is the best round Hernandez has had in the fight. Yes, he's squeezing it, but he's actually getting a little more done than he did in the other rounds because Caleb is standing in front of him and he's walking up to him and just catching everything on his shoulders and try to do that shoulder roll. Everything's bouncing off his [Applause] arms there. obviously a very well schooled fighter, but tonight we've seen elements from him that more consistently than I think you've in other fights like the body work. I agree. And as you mentioned a couple of times, he gives you a lot of almost every sequence, he gives you a different look and he's fighting very smart and you see, you know, not one time have I seen him square up. That's a lot of fighters that make the mistake in squaring up, but you know, he gives you the side of his body and that makes it very uncomfortable for the opponent to land a good shot. And really, as his corner suggested, was really trying to work that eye. [Applause] There's a triple jab all on and near the eye. And there's a right hand left, very effective. And again, while Hernandez was more active, I I can't make a case for him winning the round. [Applause] At the halfway mark of this fight, we look at some of the numbers, the show stat numbers. And even though Plant is not landing at a a huge percentage, he's busier and he is landing a lot more punches. That's for sure. And in the jab department, it's done exceptionally well. Well, here we see Hernandez. I mean, on my scorecard and everybody else's, he's down five rounds. you know, he's got to put more pressure. He's got to go for broke, push him back, make him fight, make it slam, make it a dog fight. That's the only way he's going to make something happen. And for Caleb, hey, he's giving him a excellent boxing lesson. I see everything he does. It's impressive. But like I said, you guys do the type of fighter that I was, I would look for the knockout and try to end this fight early in the next couple of rounds. Round six now. Caleb Plant and Andrew Hernandez. Hernandez is still there even though Plant on all of our cards pitching a shut out again. Right hand [Applause] lead. Now Plant really on the gas here. That's it. He needs to follow up after he lands the big shots. when he backs [Applause] up two point right here. Well, we talked about the scorecards and uh we look at mine. I like both of you have have every round. It's hard to imagine one being different. Yeah. You put it down to set it up. Nice hands up. Anything you want to do, man. You want to do the body. Caleb Plant wants to step into the next super and he has said I want to fight tougher opposition and that was part of the plan tonight. Obviously, there were opponents just fell out and you know jumped in, but he wants to take that next step. Clearly, in terms of skill, he has the goods to try and do that. Yeah, I was going to say you can see where he could give a lot of guys some problems. He's got exceptional boxing skills. He's got a little movement. He move to the right, to the left. He's not in front of you. gives you some different looks right and it looks like he's got respectable power too when he puts his punches in front [Applause] really does use that sh [Music] that [Applause] again Richie started him in boxing and back in 19 back in national city in Tennessee because of his best friend. His dad was in the corner of course with him said it'll be the proudest day of my life and he knew he's hoping for that. [Applause] And as these rounds go on, you have to wonder if Fernandez can even hang in there. Given the the fact that he just been trained wrong for this fight, you saw him just a moment ago take a half step back and take a deep breath. Caleb, baby, that could be an indication. Clock is ticking. [Applause] Stay right there. you. All right, break that right hand right hand you hitting that sea with all right but nice and easy to close the distance and then nice and easy to close the distance and then work round number seven of this 10 round fight they want Hernandez to try to close the distance something may be easier said than done against Caleb Plant making it look easy well first of all Hernandez needs to throw more jabs to get himself in in there to close the He's ping with the jabs, single jabs. He needs more jabs. Yeah, that's true. And and he talked about using the jab more and he said he felt that was one of his best punches, but he just is not used. Well, then again, you know, you can't deal with the speed. Yeah. It's hard to get in with a guy that has the speed. You know, he's there. He's not there. He moves around. Gives you a little side, you know, side step to the left, to the right. You never know where he's going to go. [Applause] Sharp right hand side right [Applause] hand throw that left hook every time he throws it. He's successful with it. Like to see him double it up. Use it more. Use it to the body. Use it upstairs. on that. He did that earlier in the fight. Then it kind of stops a little bit. Oh yeah. Come on. Maybe bait bait Hernandez. Bait him in with the jab and catch him with I haven't seen him throw too many too many uppercuts. Bait him in with the jab and catch him coming in with the right uppercut. Time over there. No, don't do it. Get your punches up. Get your punches up. Don't do it. No blows. Let's go. Let's go. That's it. Combination left hand. [Music] [Applause] Well, you know, if the game is hit and don't be hit, that's certainly what Caleb Plat is doing. They're boxing very smartly, obviously. And when Hernandez does try offense, he's going [Applause] [Music] [Applause] to hit a left hand that really started things going. I think that hurt. Left hand up. Now Hernandez gets a shot and tells Plant to come on. A couple of good counter shots did Hernandez and he's a warrior straight right hand. Her [Applause] [Music] name go. In round number seven, Plant according to Showstats landed 25 of 51 including that was his highest score of the night. So he had a very effective round for himself there to take the lead. Has a very good jab when he throws it with intent. [Music] with an up jab, which by the way, we're going to see in our main event likes to throw that up jab. He that's going to be his ticket to getting in. The left eye of Hernando is really looking a little ugly right now. Counter waiting on Hernandez. Hernandez, he's he's trying to get in. Gets in at times, but breaks him apart. Triple jab left. There you go. Couple shots on the break. Take advantage. Go back on the outside. Left eye almost closed. out. [Applause] Is getting a little bit more in range here in this round. He's doing it by throwing a triple jab. You saw three jab. It's just a touching jab, but at least it's a measuring stick to get you inside. There are spots right now thinking he's got his hand hurt uppercut in first quarters from Hernandez. That was a good right hand by Plant reaction kind of stumbled over balance. left corner [Applause] back right now. [Applause] time. [Music] Round nine. Fight's been dominated by Caleb Plant. From Plant's mind, he'd like to get Hernandez out of here. just to complete the deal. You know, he's fighting a man who normally fights at 154 to 160. And inevitably, you're look going to be scrutinized very carefully when you're an undefeated uh fighter who's just on the edge of potential contention. Uh clearly the punches in terms of the show stats are are very much in Caleb Plant's favor. People will look at this now and say, "Okay, can you can you close the deal against a smaller fighter with only 8 days notice?" Is it mandatory? I don't know, but people ask those questions. Hard to believe, too, that Hernandez actually throwing more punches than plants. Yeah, that is surprising. Now, we get the doctor. I didn't know that you can see. I can see. Okay, stay right there. [Music] Eyes almost closed. So, the blood coming from a corner of it. I believe that all the Fernandez has went around in this fight. You can see that cut. Can you see? Let me see. I can see. Okay. As long as you're doing something. Okay. Yes, sir. All right. Mora says, "As long as you're doing something, I will let this fight go on." Which he is. I mean, he throws a shot every now and then, and he looks pretty banged up. is now learning that overhead right and part of that is because his vision of his good and really picking up the pace overhead right there three or four times jab strong jab should finally yeah I tell you how that's fun has not done that very your fight. Oh, he's been busy [Applause] since he wanted to do something. He's definitely doing something. Yeah, he is. So, he's alive still. I don't I don't think he meant the offes. [Applause] I need to throw more punches and punches. There's a good right hand. [Applause] I think you can throw punches and punches and try to land a big shot. More punches, more intensity. the referee will stop the foul. I think that's what he had to do. Even if it's just perception, I think just touch and try to land a big shot. The referee's regular to jump it shots. I think going backwards does throw a right hand, not plant very much in punching, but now he steps away. [Applause] Final 10 seconds of the round. Is going to get through this match. Hands a little short. I'm going to let you take another another four or five punches in a row. Let me see you open your eyes. You got scissors. was really any more damage done. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Ironically, both these men are undefeated in 10 round fights. Two and0 for three and0 for. But, you know, grave dam unless he finds lightning in a bottle of that stupid. And you and you got to give a lot of credit for getting getting up and finishing this last round. Definitely showing he is [Applause] match sticking jab left [Applause] [Music] Get the hands up. There you go. Be patient. [Music] [Applause] Hernandez, you know, as you see goes on. Keeping in mind what you saw plant doing that juxtapose it to the other top 168 pounders we're going to see JM Love maybe had of course the men in the world title match and then you can get an idea where you think Grant is in terms [Music] of some of them and of course many others. Very true. Well honestly I mean you really can't tell off of this fight. You can't. I mean it's the truth. He gave him some good work. I mean, he he was in there to give him 10 rounds of good work, get him another win, but compared to the next level of fighters that we're going to see, I think it's a total different, right? Well, they're going to be different, but I'm just saying in terms of his skill set and where he's where he's at, what he does, imagine against and again, this is not taking things for grant, you I mean, he he did a he was a a boxing school. Gave him a a boxing lesson today. Showed a little bit of everything. I I like his speed. I uh you know, like I said, he's got good enough power to get somebody's respect, but I I just think he needs to be a little bit more aggressive. He punches up a little. He hurts the guy and then he backs up. He lets him feel just like he lets him go. I think he's a logical example. He gives you a lot of different looks. I think he he could cause a problem for a lot of guys now. Whether he could take that that next step, let him go. Let him go when he might be able to take that extra. A firefight breaking out here in round 10, but not enough for Hernandez for sure. [Applause] to the scorecard. Pretty bad. I think this fight ends at the right time. Well, I would think that none of you guys gave Hernandez a round. No. Me either. Yeah. I don't know how you could possibly. There were a couple rounds in which he was competitive in parts of the round, but not for an entire round. you know, and so the Justin Gamber's suggestion that only two rounds have gone against his man in the 60, well, now as we head to 70, only two rounds probably went against him. All right, let's go to the center of the ring. We'll make this all official as we go once more to our ring announcer tonight, Ralph Bell. Rough. [Music] Ladies and gentlemen, after 10 rounds of action, we go to the judges scorecards. All three judges, Eric Cheek, Bert Clemens, and Lisa Gia for the contest 100-90. All for your winner by unanimous decision. And still undefeated, Caleb Sweetheart. Well, we talked about his trainer, Justin Gamber, saying he'd only lost two rounds. He didn't lose any tonight, so that's 10 more. The shut out for him and justifiably. Yeah. All three judges seeing it uh the way it would be. Pretty hard to see it any other way.