Kind: captions Language: en We are set for this match up at 168 lbs. And Caleb Plant has the physical advantage, has the edge in wingspan and overall big fight experience for Trevor McCome. This is his first taste of the big time. And Caleb Plant, we're talking about a guy who's a former 168-lb division champion who's only lost to the upper echelon. That being Canelo Alvarez and David Benvdz. When it comes to this fight, Caleb Plan has said, "Listen, Trevor McCumbi has no business being in the ring with me, has no experience, has never faced anyone near my level, and he is looking to make an example of McCumbi here tonight and make sure that he stays in title contention at 168." Let's go to Jimmy Lennon Jr. Well, fans from the T-Mobile Arena here in Las Vegas, Nevada Premier Boxing Champions presents a world title attraction in the super middleweight division brought to you by Canelo Promotions, NTGB Promotions in association with Probox Promotions. This bout is sponsored by DraftKings Sportsbook. The crown is yours. By VMC Tequila Cocktails, El Orhen Ante too and by El Mexico brand products. Bringing authentic Sabore to your table. Somos el Mexico. This bout is sanctioned by the WBA, the president, Hilberto Jesus Mendula. Introducing our three judges scoring from ringside. from Connecticut, Glenn Feldman. From Nevada, Chris Miglori, and also from Nevada, Dave Moretti. Introducing our referee in charge. He will be giving instructions after the introductions, Alan Huggin. All right, fans, here we go. 12 rounds of boxing for the interim WBA Super Middleweight World Championship. Introducing to you first on my right, fighting out of the red corner, wearing black trunks with silver trim, joining us from Glendale, Arizona by way of Chicago, Illinois. He weighed in at a ready 167 and 14 lbs. He is undefeated in his campaign to the ring with a record of 28 wins, no losses, 21 wins coming by way of knockout. And tonight, making his first attempt at a world title. Please welcome the current undefeated world rank contender. Introducing Tenacious Trevor Maki and his opponent across the ring ready to go on my left fighting out of the blue corner wearing teal trunks with blue and silver trim fighting out of Las Vegas by way of Nashville, Tennessee. He weighed in the same as his opponent, 167 and 1/4 pounds with a record of 22 wins, two losses. He has 13 wins coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the world rank contender and the popular former IBF super middleweight champion of the world. Introducing Caleb Plant. [Applause] [Music] Once again, a referee in charge now to give instructions. Alan Huggins. All right, folks. Let's go. Okay, gentlemen. You both been giving my instructions. Obey my command at all times. Protect yourself at all time. Anything from here on up is good. Anything from here on up is good. Touch gloves. Let's go. Referee Allan Huggin in charge for this fight. And fight fans hope to see lots of slugging. No hugging. Trevor McCumby moving up in class undefeated against the former 168-lb division champion Caleb Plant who looks to get back on track here in his adopted hometown of Las Vegas. The bell goes. Round number one. plant now working with veteran trainer Steven Redman Edwards who's gotten him to sit down on his punches a little bit and remember against Canelo against Benvdas the first half of the fight he was in charge he was dictating terms but again you you look at the level of competition and you face a guy like Canelo who's the best of the best David Benvdas undefeated with plenty of power it's you you can only do so much and Plant was unable to withstand the attacks of unfortunately plant ran into Two of the best two of the best 68 pounders that ever laced the line. And there's a one-two from testing the waters early and the head speed already on display. A big edge in speed for Caleb Plant. And you know that Buntton Champ is going to be attacking the eye, the right eye of McCumb because these guys were supposed to fight in August. McCumb suffered a cut above his right eye in late July. The scar tissue I'm sure is going to be a target for plants. Vaunted Jack. Yeah. Now McCumb is strong. don't get, you know, I don't care. He's got 21 knockouts and 28 wins, right? High knockout percentage, so he's strong, but but again, he he may be out of his league with Caleb Plant, but I got to tell you, Caleb Plan is going to look to counter when MC makes these defensive mistakes, which he's prone to do. He's also making his first appearance in a 12 round fight, Abner. So, a big big step up. Uh there's there's levels. There's experience. You could see it right away in this very first round. Look at plan just so calm, relaxed, waiting for Makami to make uh a mistake and he is. He needs to walk into something. He's campaigned as high as light heavyweight has been as high as 183 lbs. But in his last three fights he's been at the super middleweight division. Plant by far his first championship caliber opponent. Plant has fought five of those and Plant fires back at the combination. And that's one thing Plant has plenty of. He's he's a great defensive fighter. Very athletic, very smart, but he's also got really quick hands and he's got good power in that hook. Yeah. Great defense, great counter punching, pullback counter. I mean, he can do it all plant really. And then we talked about the experience that he has, the names fighters that he's faced. So, he's only growing and getting better. Yeah. McCi introduced to the sport by his father, a police officer and marine. Started at the age of seven. Trained by Brandon Woods, a protege of the Hall of Fame trainer Kenny Adams. And McCumbi got some work at Robert Garcia's gym early in his pro career. Has sparred with David Benvdas in the past. Had a lot of amateur experience. McCi turned pro at 17 getting special permission because he was a highly touted prospect. Uh has had issues. Got out of the sport for a few years and had injuries, tested positive. So he's faced some adversity, but boy, he's facing adversity already here in round one against him. Nice combination. [Music] So we already mentioned in the ring you and Leo Santa Cruz the same thing after you can only earn respect. Yeah, that's all. We had two great fights all wars and you know I have respect for him, respect for me and I love that guy. It's hard not to like Leo Zenakru. Well and Caleb Plant is is actually a master troll too as he goes to work on the company. Do you guys know that he bought the domain Edgar Berlanga.com and has been making money off Burlanga's website? Beranga's upset. He and Berlanga got into it at one press conference. And you talk about Canelo's respect in English. He told Caleb, "Don't worry, Caleb. I got this. I got this." So, Plant and Maki now in round two. Yeah, there's Pablo here too. These guys don't like each other. A lot of trash talking. More from Makami. Oh, nice right hand. Nice. There was a right hand in the body and I think uh No. No. Nice lead uppercut by the front play but sitting down on the shot. Nice. Wow. Sneaky uppercut right through the high guard. The quickness, the quick reflexes of 32year-old Caleb Plant in his 25th professional fight. I like the fact that McCumbi at least is he's pressing the fight. He's looking for a fight. He's throwing hard leather. He's got that's why he's here, right? He knows the task at hand. major stage big time pay-per-view against a former champ. He better bring it. Yeah. And and look, I I bet you don't want to get hit by this guy, you know. He looks totally coming physically again. He's trying to get physical there. Trying to push with his elbow there and and MC shoulder. Oh, nice. Nice. Nice combination for McCy's awkwardness might work in his favor at a certain point in this fight. right in front of Plant now. Needs to get that head off center line cuz that jab is going to be there all day if he does it. But yeah, from Makumbi trying to fade it. There's the hand speed of Plant again on display. Yeah, know I think Plant is too too well educated in this sport. He knows what's coming. The jab setting up everything. Waiting for Makumbi again to lunge in which he is. And plus PL's got it is a 12 round fight so you know he can take his two left hands. The combination ended with the left hook around the guard and then a bludgeoning jab right splitting the guard of Makumbi. And you want to keep doing that if you're playing. You want to keep Makumbi busy trying to say that nothing landed gamesmanship and again you don't want to play these games here in your first step up fight. You're trying to secure the big upset win and it's too early to be doing that against a guy like Caleb Plant is all I'm saying. down. Sharp jab from Plant. And you saw Mak try tried to throw a nice counter left hook off the right hand by Plant. So he he's got a few tricks up his sleeves. Nice landed the left hand there as he came in. No knock down, but he was hurt. Plant has been down twice in his career. McMumby's corner. No, he plant stumbles back to his corner. Yo, you got to stop betting straight up. You hear me? Yeah, I'm good. You all right? Yeah, I'm good. All right, Joe, let the pitchers speak for themselves. Here we go. Boom. There's that left hook. That hurt him. And you saw You saw Plants. Now wait until they also hit They bagged Tazdo after the punch. I did notice that as well. Watch Plant's legs when he gets up. Yeah, he's still hurt. He's wobbly and he stumbled to his point. That's right. No knockdown. Referee that right hand. Now that was a that was a right hand to the body that knocked. But that goes to show you how powerful McCome is. He knocked him off balance with that. Yeah, he moved him off balance with that right hand to the body. But it's like I told you, this guy is strong. Yes, you have been saying that, Joe. And you're right. I'm seeing that now. And his awkwardness may work for him. Round number three. Some controversy already as at the end of round two, McCome landed a big left hand it was ruled no again and McC trying to hold on but planted suddenly in disarray here. Come here guys. Come here guys. This guy's referee is going to knock it off. Knock it off. Okay, you got it. Okay, back to that corner. Well, referee Alan Huggin laying down the law, but boy, Mccumbi starting to feel himself like he's looking for his keys and he may have found the key to victory. That's the guy like Ken Plant. He landed that right hand in the corner on Plant. And let me tell you, he's like a lumberjack. This guy, he threw Plant around like it was nothing. And now Plant trying to get back the jab, trying to establish the rhythm, trying to settle things down because he has faced adversity early. Yeah. And talk about hitting hard. I mean, most of the punches that Makumi is throwing, they look like they're he's he's slapping with them, but man, they're doing damage to Plant. Oh, body shots, right hand over the top. He's chopping them down like you're saying. Really recovering. Trying to find to settle it down here. Trying to get that jab established. And we've been yep reminded no knockdown is the official decree by the referee. And now Plant trying to get settled down. But look at McCovby just coming forward wanting to land the big shot and leaving himself exposed though in the process there. Plant's got to get in that groove on that rhythm. Letting his hands go in and out. So no matter what the odds say, no matter what tape tells us, you got to still fight. You got to still fight. And McCumb using a double jab there trying to blind Plant before falling off. He did. It was a nice move and he came in with a short right hand. It fell a little short because Plant slipped it. But look, McCumb is a dangerous guy. You can tell. And again, he's not making too many defensive mistakes against Plant right now. Body shot by Plant. High guard by McCumbi. Nice high tight guard. McCes the cutest, but it's working. It's effective. does find himself off balance when he does that though. And now Plat missing with the right hand. Oh, McC wants to entertain your advantage boy. Sharp jab through the guard by Plant. Pl giving him that look. Did you see that one? Nice counter right hand by McCumb. You got to give this mcumby credit. That counter right hand from Plant. And that's exactly why you don't you don't lunge in like that, Maro, like you mentioned. I told you that. Yeah, because Plant is he's he's going to time you. And now McCumby again going on the attack. Plant tripling up the jab, trying to make McCumbi think twice, but Makumb's had some success. And there's a left hook to the liver by Plant. 10 seconds left here in round three. Hey, listen. The next time he show the shoulder roll, don't go for the hook. Just stab him in his arm. All right? Don't go for the hook cuz he's sitting on your leaping left hook. Don't go to the hook. Take it off his mind for a little bit. Stab him in his left arm. Then next time he show you the shoulder roll, do not go for the hook. Show your discipline. Stay off the ropes and everything is good. All right. All he's doing is trying to get ahead of steam and bull rush you. So don't let him get ahead of steam. Stay lively and keep fighting him off that step. You want some on top of your head? You sure? Go on your neck. What about your neck? Right there. Right there. Okay, good. Sage advice from Steven Breadman Edwards. And now what about the confidence of McCumbi? First time on the big stage. A little showboating like where did that go? That's the left hook from from Caleb Plant. And the corner just told him, "All right, you're landing that hook, but you we don't want it yet. hiding a little bit. And I know Joe's been talking up the power and the offense of McCumbi. Right now, he is credited with landing only 18 of 85 punches compared to 41 of 98 for Plant, but again, round by round numbers don't tell the whole story. You know, he's looking for the knockup for sure. And it's effective punching. You know, the amateurs, it's more how many touches you get. In the pros, one big shot will, you know, make up for getting hit with 20 dinkers. slant and clan landing at a higher accuracy, a much higher accuracy. Settling things down here in the fourth scheduled for 12 at 168 lbs. Yeah. Yeah, he is setting up a trap. McCi corner realizing that as well. Mhm. They know you. Oh, there it is. A counter push. You know what he did with Anthony Derell. Beautiful highlight reel KO. Jose Oscati as an underdog to become champion back in 2019. So plan got power to stay alert. So does Maki and here we are under two minutes now left in the fourth round. Maki on the back foot. High guard trying to parry the jab of plant ducks underneath the left hook goes behind for a waist lock. Oh McC wanting to live up to his nickname of tenacious. and Plant showcasing some of those sweet hands. Yeah, I I think Plant's being smart here and I and this is the way to do it. Just, you know, pick the guy apart. Don't try to overdo it and just, you know, like his corner told him, "Lay off the hook right now. Look for the counter right hands." And he's done that. Let him go. Let it go. Yeah. You don't know what to do, especially because he knows that McCome hits. He's got hurt already planted. So, he does not want to make a mistake. And Brad Man Edwards from Philadelphia knows a thing or two about the, you know, the shoulder roll. He's just a great trainer. Oh, hey. Oh, and then McMahon, you talk about a must readad that Daily Bred Mailbag Weekly. Just over a minute left now in the fourth. Nice work of mcumby in there. Chopping that right hand to the rib cage when he's in close getting something done even when you're in close quarters. Looking goes down. Level change the jab. Continues to tap the body hoping that McMumby will bite and then maybe open up for a left hook upstairs. Counter right hand. The left hook drops plant hard left hook coming is going to say that's a push [Applause] and Caleb Glenn knocked down for the third time in his career and he was hurt and in trouble early and now Makobi on the biggest stage in the biggest fight of his career looking to land the biggest win. A shocking turn of events here in round number four as Plant gets knocked down. I saw the body shot land. It looked like a shoulder gave him that momentum to go down. I'm not sure if that body shot. We will revisit the replay. Having said that, momentum for Mumb's going straight back though. Just keep your feet up under you. You are. I know you're good. [Applause] Come on back, [Applause] Joe. You keep talking about the power that McC has. I think that punch landed on this shoulder and he knocked him out of balance with that. There it is. See, he didn't land the hook to the head. It was a contact. It was a punch to the arm. Watch. Watch there on the arm and then a push. See, he never hit him with another punch. That was not a That was not a knockdown. He He hit the push. I did not see it first. I saw the arm and he clipped him with the left hook after as well. No, he didn't. Yes, sir. No, he didn't. Trust me when I tell you he landed a shot to the arm and then missed the hook. Knocked down in the last round. And Caleb Plant, even the coach Bman Edwards just trying to keep him settled down. Says he knows you're okay, but is he? We're in the fight now, guys. Yes, we are. for MC. You want to keep going. And again, Plan knocked off balance. You want to You want to keep bringing that same energy, that same combination for Makubby. Make it ugly. Make it different for Plant. And now Plant going to work on McCop needs to take advantage of this, but Maki with the high guard. Doesn't manage to get the uppercut through. Oh, there's another left right by McCarthy. Fans come alive here at the T-Mobile Arena. This will turn into a Bland came in as a big time favorite, but Trevor McCarthy looking to seize the moment in his biggest opportunity. He's one strong character this. Let me tell you, he's physically strong. After this fight, you could ask plan what hurt him. He's everything. He hurt shot in my arms and it hurt. You can tell he's that type of fighter. Two minutes gone here in the fifth. There's right hand. A good counter from McMumby. Catch and shoot is on display. Nice double left by Plant, but on the inside Makumbi standing ground and look at landed over 54% of his punches, but Maki coming up. McCumby's throwing some nice short stuff in there that you wouldn't expect from this guy right now. Tell you the truth. Look at that. Two little uppercuts right there. Yeah, I feel like he's the one that feels more comfortable in there right now. McCov also getting scarred upstairs. A minute and a half left. They are right in they're toe to toe. McCumby's back against the ropes. High guard. Plant looking to take advantage. Drives the uppercut on the inside. McCumber immediately delivers. Counter. Yeah, McMumby's not giving him anything. He's got the high guard. Yeah, the body shot is there. Body shot. Uppercut on the inside by Plant. McCome's just waiting for his opportunity right now. He's trying to tease himself. And there's Plant Framing with his arm. flat frames looking to create some distance wanting to deliver but Monty's first. It's unbelievable what he's getting away with. Mak's been cut over the right eye and they're bumping heads right now in close. Did not expect this type of fight. Good uppercut. Oh, doing some nice work on the inside right now with the right uppercut. So again, that right eye has been caught those uppercuts. So, Maki, who postponed this fight before because of a cut, cut again, but hanging tough against Caleb Plant. Plant lands a left hand upstairs. Plant goes to the body. Nice short right hand by Plant. Yeah, a little bit too much head hunting right now from Plant. More body shots. Keep ripping that body. Break him down. McCome goes to the body. McCi unable to get off the ropes. Maybe doesn't even want to at this stage as he's had some success, but both of them have been marked up. Another left to the body. Right to the body by Platin. Left over to the jaw of Makob on the in man. The trash talking carrying over. Fans enjoying it. That was that was a punch. That was over here. So the cut caused by a punch according to the referee. Huggin. I don't mind it. I don't mind it. But I need I need to double and triple shots up and then clinch him. Use a high guard clinch. That seven's there. His elbow's way out, but you're not shooting the punch. He can head off the center line. Justin Thompson is the cut. What you're doing, but I need you to be I need you to be effective at it. Work. Okay, Jesse's got you here. Deep breath for me again. Pull your heart rate down. Let's go back to this knockdown where you guys were arguing. I just wanted to I mean, come on. The left hand landed. All right. All right. Relax, Marl. You'll see it. misses. Left hand landed. Didn't please can you at least tell me if he did or not? There was a different landed. It landed. Enough. Round number six. How was that even that the the round that had happened and when they made the replay, you saw there was a different Oh, uppercut there by play. Let it go. Let it go. Let it go. Let it go. Oh, he's finding that uppercut. Oh, man. Yeah, he's really going to town with the uppercut. But look at Makovy. He does He's not afraid of being on the ropes. Joe, he's delivering shots as well. But now getting opened up a bit looking to open him up like French for a midnight snack. I love this. This is what the people pay to see. Boy, this fight double left hand from McMuffy. They are at close quarters. Left uppercut by M. It's the plant uppercut that is is keeping them advancing, right? On the inside. Yeah. And PL using a forearm to bump him off and then using a right hand. Uh he's being smart. All of his experience is coming into play right now. McCarthy has Oh, landed a fight high 31 punches in the fifth. 30 of which were power shots. He continues that momentum here in the six. MC's keeping his elbows in pretty good though on the body shot here and he's got a quick short left hook counter. It's a dangerous dangerous of course. Yeah, any given moment Plan can open up and you know take a big shot. We know coming and get hit. The showmanship on both sides. It almost looked like Plant heard what you just said and cast a glance to you. But he's got to keep both of them got to keep laser focused on their opponent because this is is a fight and yet again with a big advantage in terms of the total punches landed but Makumbi is just one punch away that equalizer and Joe Gen tough fight to to score. You happen to have Mumbi up by two on your official scorecard. I mean Abby can hard to quibble with anything here. It's a close fight. The knockdown obviously from Maki, but here is Plant. Oh, left hook, left right hand. Beautiful pull by Plant. McCami returns fire. A guts battle in Vegas. Right hand counter by Plant. Wow. Now coming back with a great right hand left hook off the left. Great left hook by Plant Lands and three moves combination punctuated by an uppercut on the inside. Plant starting to put on a show. Beautiful. Then that's how you give the fans a show. Exactly. flurries, combinations, well put body shots, but obviously Makumbi. Hey, bringing out through the T-Mobile Arena. Adult left hook. Do you hook with a hooker? Wow, what a round. What a round. Especially for Caleb Plan. There's Jordan Plan are calling and baby Charlie, their child. And both of them enjoying what they saw out of Caleb. in that sixth round. Wow. All right, here we go. More more banging off the ropes here. McCy's keeping his elbows in. Hands up. Good. He's blocking that body shot there. He's block now. He's looking for the the counter. Should he stay on the ropes? No, but he's looking for he should put plant on the ropes. Turn him and put him on the ropes. But again, I if he McCi is falling just a inches short of landing great counters. It's entertainment as much as anything, especially with the way of the world these days. And uh for his wife Jordan, the child Charlie, they they are watching obviously hoping for the best as Plant looks to rebound from the loss to David Benvitas. Trevor McCumbi looking to just record his first major victory in his first fight at 12 rounds. He just got countered again by Plant. But I was going to say to finish off the last round that no matter how this fight ends, McCumby's giving us a hell of a fight. But he's a lot of people didn't know about Trevor McCumby and tonight he's showing up. But he's starting to feel it because in the last two rounds in the fifth and six, Plant has outlanded McCumbian power shots 62 to 28. So he is beginning to pull away. No, no, no. He is and and Plant might win this, but we don't know it. We're in the fight. But again, I didn't know anything about Makumbi and now I give him his flowers. I mean, he's he's really impressing me. for what he's done. Numbers attitude more than anything. Energy. He's tenacious. Yeah, we saw McCape on McCome and we go, is he going to be able to step up to this level? See, maybe we shouldn't watch tape anymore because they always seem to fight differently once they make it to the big stage. Something tape, man. There's some good moments there. Maki, but nice left hook around the core. the guard by Plant and he's walking down Makumbi now. Makumbi on the back foot trying to beat Plant. Leads with the jump. Quick tower combination by Plant. Doesn't get McCome. Didn't get his head off center. Now moving his head side to side. Plant starts to take this fight over. The last couple last couple rounds he's done that. Yes. And if he keeps it up, he might be able to stop MCO, but I got to tell you, you still got to be careful of dangerous. Those uppercuts are doing damage. Nice left to the body. Again, the left uppercut. Plant just scoring with major power shots. McCy's on the ropes and he needs to turn plant or get off the ropes because it's no longer serving him well at all. Now Plant is doing a great job by trying to open up that guard with the body shots. That's how you open up the guard. Wow, look at the percentage. 64% of his power shots landed by Caleb Plant through seven rounds. Hey, for McC doing well as well. 43% of his landing power shots. But he's starting to get banged off right now. He's starting to break down. He is. And and if Plant lands a big left hook on him, he's a tough right hand left. So every punch accumulating and Plant beginning to put it on Trevor Mumbing, trying to fire back, but leaving his head completely exposed for the counter. Oh, how can you not love this? I know he's getting a beating right now, Maki, but he comes back with something. He's not giving up easy. He wins the tough man contest for sure. This guy's unbelievable. Right hand and he has the look. Joe, that's a tough man. Final seconds of the seventh. Another strong round for the former 168-lb division champion Caleb Plant looking to bounce back from a loss to David Benvitas while Trevor McCumbi hopes to remain undefeated in his 30th professional fight. Okay. Deep breath. Slow your heart rate down. Listen, he didn't want to work that round cuz he used it all up the last round before. Okay? Keep putting the pressure on him. I need faints before you come inside. Okay? And stay off the ropes. Okay? You got me. Stay off the ropes. If he does get on the inside, listen. Manipulate his hands. Okay? Stay off the ropes. Stay off the ropes. tails. Look, here's the bottom line. That's what we talked about earlier. Yeah. 52 quite well though off the ropes. He's still Yes. Sit sit on the hook. Sit on his hook. You hear me? Breman Edwards wants Plant to sit on his hook. Counter opportunity. As we look at this now, the round is number eight uh for Trevor McCumby. He's never scored a knockout past round six. Let's not forget Caleb plant fates in the later rounds. That's where McCome might want to take advantage of if he has enough left because he is being systematically taken apart in the last couple rounds, especially by Plant. Really starting to wear him down despite the fact McCumb has that energy, has that adrenaline as it were that he's he's in great shape. He trained hard for this. That's the only way you can sustain this type of pace and and punishment. And look, uh, well, he's only thrown a total of 241 punches. Not a lot of punches. Yeah, but they're very devastating punches. A lot of you throw a lot of Now, um, McMumby's corner told him stay off the ropes. Yes, of course. And wise to do. Nice body shots by McCumby, but Plant leaning in trying to, you know, sap more energy out of him. Nice up double uppercuts right and left from Plant on the inside. Nice turn. A left turn and a left hand from Makumbi. But it's planned, man, with the speed, the combinations. Yeah, the effect of punching. Still some energy for McCome to come back with one punch, maybe two, but it's all plant. It's all planned. Nice counter by McCome with that right hand. Incredible display. 117 of 185. 63% total power punches for Caleb. And yet, look at McCy. He's doing what 40 I mean anything over 40% when it comes to power Abner is a good night at the office. Very good night. Yeah, that's like almost one of two punches hitting him. Look at him. He's still trying. McCumby's corner wants him to move his head, change positions. There's a double triple jab from McCumbi, but doesn't follow up with the right. And according to our unofficial scorer, he has it a dead dead heat right now, which we'll see what the uh the judges say. I I don't score so I'm not going to say anything. I don't either. But uh but I have Caleb Plant ahead. All right. Uppercuts there by Plant even though again the knockdown which we can go on and on about but it is officially was was ruled a knockdown. So that is in McCumby's favor. But we are in the final minute of the eighth almost through 2/3 of this scheduled 12 round affair. And there McCumby finally turns Caleb but unable to put him on the ropes as they grapple. Referee breaks him up. But again, that's a veteran move right there where you can take plant and just spin them off the you know off of you when your back is on the ropes. Yeah, he's been trying to do that this entire round and obviously ting him. But yeah, that's where you don't want to be if you're Makumbi. Boy, Plan is just digging great body shots and and McCumb is credited is coming back like that with counters. It's pretty amazing. Makumbi fighting off the ropes again and still trying to bring the fight to Caleb Plant. Where do you feel you have the advantage? Everything. Feel like everything right now. You know, I'm young. I'm fresh, you know, even though he has all the titles, he got all the experience, you know, but it's time for a new for a new reign champion, you know, and that's Edgar Balanga. Edgar, best of luck. We'll talk to you afterwards. Thank you. I appreciate it. All right. Thank you very much. Edgar Beranga stepping up in his first world title fight coming up in the main event against Canelo Alvarez. The man who owns Edgar Berlanga.com. Caleb Plant is in a fight here with Trevor McCumbi. And as we begin round number nine, the opening 30 seconds has Makumbi on the back foot looking to maybe counter with the right foot. Things slowing down just a bit here. And as you mentioned, Caleb Plant a strong starter, not always the strongest finisher. Not always the stronger finisher. paints for a reason and that's because he throws a lot. Yes, he does. A lot of energy, but he used a lot of energy. Exactly. Nice left hook and again the left uppercut. Boy, good punch placement with that right shot to the energy punch and McC in trouble on the ropes. Plant teen off and McMe comes back with a right hand. Just when you think Plan is about to bury him in an avalanche of punches, McCome pulls out the snake from Secret and keeps himself from being buried. I I think we should expect that from now on he's just going to get finished on the side. He's going to the frame by Plant hits again with the right hand. He's using the frame with the elbow creating that ination. McCy's not being accurate at all there with these counters. Now, it's hard to do when you have play landed five, six shots before. Not the same energy. Hands low as well. Be careful. The uppercuts landing. And there's a left from McCome. Right hand clipping the jaw. McCy's corner wants McCome to start putting the pressure on. Turning away from the ropes keeping him on this back foot. Yeah, that was easier said than done, right, guys? I mean, McCumby's tired. He just took a deep breath. He's tired and he's off balance in the corner. He squares up a lot, which allows Plant to go up the middle. Short right hand by Plant. There's another body shot by Caleb Plant. You want to keep ripping to the body of your Plant. There's that space. And there Montgomery goes to the body with the right, but opened up. The opportunity for a counter upstairs. Plant didn't take him, but does unload the right. Close quarter combat here between Plant and McCumb. There's the uppercut. There it is. Inside punches. Short left by Plant. Compact left hook on the exit. Yeah, McCumby's already too tired. He's leaning forward. His head is uh up front. So, I think Plant has to take advantage of those moments, especially that right there. Left hook to the body, left uppercut, right hook. Beautiful combination, Joe, by Plant. And Plant so smart. He gets under that counter hook every time. He's not going to be waiting that big punch. Oh, but again the belt and the referee stop the fight. Did the referee just stop the fight? Yes, he did. Trevor McC's not complain. He's bouncing up and down on his feet. But just like that, literally almost got the bell, the blood around the right eye that had been cut. Caleb Platt stops Trevor McCumbi at the end of the ninth and picks up his 14th knockout win, improving. Let's listen to see if we can hear these two. [Music] It's amazing how quick animosity turns into respect. This guy should get a bonus coming right. Lot of trash talking. Lot of war of words. It turned into a war in the ring. A war of attrition. And in the end, Caleb Plant, despite being knocked down earlier in the fight, comes back and stops McCumbi with right at the bell. Referee Huggin stepped in waving off the fight. He had seen enough. Not only that, because if this would have gone into the 10th round, it it would have been cur it would have been worse than that. So, I I agree with that stoppage. Good point, Joe. Good point. And yes, we all agree with that stoppage. I still I still think he got hit with the left. I'm just kidding. Let's listen. Let's listen. Let's see. I mean, you could see Caleb Plant's been in a fight. Oh, of course. Oh, yeah. McCumb brought it tonight. Just cuz I say something doesn't mean we have to reply. Let's watch. I don't think there's a family affair. It doesn't matter. We got to listen. All right. Action. Lots of it. A lot of it at close quarters, guys. Especially that last round. It was all Caleb plan just trying to close this fight close to the show. But yet McC got caught in the rope, too. By the way, that's what really did him. That was like Holmes against Tyson when Holmes is got caught on the ropes. Great one from the vault. Yeah, right hand. Poor guy. Yeah, Caleb Plants just what do you call tea and all? He wanted to come back and make a statement. Caleb Plant wanted to record. And this again, this is not them trash talking. This is them. I wouldn't say they're whispering sweet nothings to each other, but they are definitely showing respect. Then for Jordan Plant, their daughter Charlie, the rest of the Plant family celebration in Las Vegas as Caleb Plant returns to his winning ways, overcoming a knockdown and knocking out Trevor. Well, when you least expect a great fight, you get one. This looked like a one-sided uh affair. The odds definitely show that on paper, right? Even on the odds, right? [Music] Wow, man. Great fight. [Music] All right, we're going to take a look back at most of the fight here with some highlights. There's that first round with the highlights on, you know, look, Caleb's shaking his head. You know, round three, we got Maki again just being really rough and rugged and throwing that left hook to the body. But don't start. There's that body shot and left. Oh, the left. The anchor punch. The anchor punch. There it is. Look, another left hook, right hand. Hey, Ollie Lon. You remember Ollie L. Hey, we're having fun here in Las Vegas. So is Caleb Plan his family. And I believe that even Trevor McCumb, despite being on the short end of the stick. Hey man, he proved himself worthy of the competition suffers his first defeat. Let's make it official now with the one and only Jimmy Lennon Jr. [Applause] A referee in charge, Alan Huggin, stops the contest. The winner by way of technical knockout, he is now the interim WBA super middleweight world champion, Kaleb [Applause] Plant. Caleb Plant lost his first daughter to a deadly disease. He promised that daughter that he would become a champion. He became a champion beating Joseé Oscatigi now with Jordan Plant his wife. They have their daughter Charlie who brings a sense of joy and celebration to training and it's a joy and celebration in the ring now for the Plant family as we go to Jim Gray. All right. Thank you very much. Yeah. Yeah. Lot of love. Our respect you too, bro. Yeah. Thank you. Caleb and Trevor exchanging some words right there after the fight. Uh Caleb, this was a tough go, wasn't it? Uh pretty tough. just easing in and then you know word on the street is I can't fight on the inside but I think I proved that I can tonight and uh it feels good to be WBA interm champ baby and the new got your daughter Charlie here with you. Let's talk about what happened there in the fourth round when he knocked you down. Uh yeah, he caught me uh pulling out and um caught me it hit my shoulders. I was off balance and fell. I wasn't hurt but uh you know that's part of the game. He was coming in with wide punches and um it's part of it. But shake it off, stay focused, and I'm a true champion. I I can fight through anything. Was that a bit of a wakeup call for you in this fight? Uh no, no, I was relaxed again. He just caught me off uh caught me off balance, hit me on the arms, fell down, and um but we got back up, we went to work, and we got that stoppage. Tell us about the stoppage here uh in the ninth round from your vantage point. Uh yeah, I knew I had him hurt. Time to go to work and uh get him the up out of there. Like I said, and he did that. So now, Caleb, where would you like to go? I'd like to go home and play with my daughter in the ring. Your next opponent, your next Any thought process on that? Uh, we'll see. I'll go back with my team, sit down. You guys know I'm up for the biggest challenges at all time. And um, we'll see. We'll see. Right now, I'm going to go home, spend time with my family. Good job, Charlie. Your dad did well. Charlie, say revenge to her. She's nervous. All right. Best to Jordan as well. Congratulations, kid. Thank you so much. And the new baby.