Kind: captions Language: en And we're going to jump right into our first bout of the evening and it comes to us from the middleweight division. A sixrounder tonight. Those big fights tomorrow will be coming your way from the MGM Grand Garden Arena. We're in the nice cozy marquee ballroom right next door. There's Daniel Henry with a modest 22 and three record. He hails from Austin, Texas and is a smart cookie. He has two degrees and a master's degree in advertising from the University of Texas. His nickname is Ham. Yes, I said ham. But will he be a ham sandwich tonight for Caleb Plant? A lot of hype surrounding this young man. He's 22 years old, has an unbeaten record of 6-0 with four knockouts, and he enters Sin City tonight from Music City, USA, Nashville, Tennessee. And Caleb will be fighting with a very heavy heart tonight. His 19-month-old daughter passed away in January. He'll be wearing pink laces tonight in honor of her. is the only weight coming out of the blue corner. He's running gold with gray trim and weighing in at 162 lbs. Hailing from Nashville, Tennessee. He is undefeated with six wins. Four of his six wins come by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, introducing Caleb Sweet Hands Palms. [Music] Any questions? Six rounds will be my commands. Good luck. Touch gloves now. Let's go to work. Thanks, Jane, our referee. Teddy, welcome back to Vegas. I know you love it here. Thank you. And you're welcome back to ringside sitting next to me. And I know you love that. Who wouldn't? I hope you do. What do you know about ring the bell? Well, I know that he's going to try to make ham and eggs out of Henry. Daniel Henry certainly. Since you just gave me the info that Henry's nickname was was Mr. Ham, I I think he's going to be quick. I think I would expect Plant to go right through Henry to be honest with you. He's eight years younger. He's a former national amateur champion. Uh he started at 12 years of age, which usually future champions start pretty young. He had 117 amateur bouts. Henry only had 10 amateur fights. So I'd be shocked if Henry could bring it into deep waters here with Plant. Caleb, a 2011 Golden Gloves champion in the great state of Tennessee. Also was a former kickboxer, world champion in fact at the youth level. Nice left hook. And there's comes another one from Plant. Plant got the better of that exchange. I think Plant is going to get the better of ball exchanges tonight. As I said before this fight started. Three, four, five, six, seven, eight. Are you all right? Come to me. Come on. Come on. Box. Henry says he's okay, but that smile probably tells us otherwise. When Henry signed the contract for this fight, he was not okay. This was always going to be a mismatch. Plant just too much amateur experience. And he's being groomed as a top prospect, as a guy who can be a contender. Maybe a future world champion. Henry at 30 years of age. He's an opponent. Game hanging in there. Give him credit, but he's an opponent. Coming up tonight, our two and a half hour edition of Friday Night Fights. Adrien Broner, who fights tomorrow, joins us live here tonight. So too does Dan Rayfield. He'll be bringing along his notebook. And we'll get Teddy's take on tomorrow's Big Bill over at the MGM Grand. You've got Adrien Broner taking on John Molina Jr. Keith Thurman versus the ghost Robert Guerrero. One thing we've learned about Henry, he's got hot. One thing we've learned about the plan early on is he's not really a finisher. I mean, he still might get Henry out of here in this first stanza, but he had him hurt really bad. He's got him hurt again. And you can see his attitude is not to get right after that. This should be the end of it now, though. He's turned his back and now he's turned his legs out. Well, he finished that. Stay there. Okay. Don't Don't move. Don't move. lay there. Well, he was taking his time. Plant not going right after Henry when he had him earlier. But here at the end, he finished the job. And now all we all we're concerned about now is maybe things that should have been concerned about before the fight was made. The well-being of Henry. Did it feel like the stoppage was just a a little bit late? He had completely turned his back to his opponent which basically says, "I don't want to fight anymore." And Plant landed one, two, maybe even three power punches. Then Henry went flat on his back. Yeah, I would have to say that you would probably have wanted to see the experienced Nat get in there, as you just said, you can't say it better. Get in there just a couple seconds earlier because a couple seconds in this sport, this difficult sport, this sometimes dangerous sport, can equate into several punches. And you don't want a fighter taking several punches that he doesn't have to take at any time. Let's take a look at the finishing sequence as Plant knocks out Daniel Henry. Left hook, right hand, and then he hangs there. And this is where the referee should have been in there already. There's kind of difficult to argue the case against that right there. Fight should be stopped now. And as you said, Todd, very accurately, two very clean punches, perhaps three landed that perhaps didn't have to land if Nate got in there just a little quicker. Well, it's nice to see Daniel Henry up on his feet and aware of what's happening now. Send it up to Thomas Triber for the official decision. Ladies and gentlemen, here is the official time. 2 minutes 29 seconds of round number one. Our referee in charge, Jay Ny steps in to stop it. Your winner by way of technical knockout and still undefeated Caleb. Sweet hands. Work. So, Sweet Hands beats Ham. Yeah. And listen, he did what he had to do. Plant. He had a opponent in front of him who was eight years the elder who only had 10 amateur fights of his 117. He got him out of there and you know he did it with form. He did it with technique and he did it with promise for a bright future and he did finish the job even though I was saying early on that he didn't have the temperament of and I still stick to that. He didn't have the temperament of really being a secret and destroying finisher. You know, he had him heard probably about a minute before that and he could have jumped on him, but at the end of the day, there was going to only be one conclusion to this fight and that was Plant with his hands raised. Plant with his fifth professional knockout and his seventh professional