Kind: captions Language: en And making his way to the ring, defending the title for the first time as a full champion is Alberto Auo. He is 23 and0 with 10 knockouts. And there is Sandor Martin. Waited 13 years in 45 pro fights to finally get this, his first chance at a championship. Let's go to our main man, Jimmy Lennon Jr. for the official introductions. Ladies and gentlemen from Barclay Center here in Brooklyn, New York Premier Boxing Champions presents this world title attraction in the super lightweight division. And it's brought to you by GTD Promotions and TGB Promotions in association with Schwan Boxing, Top Rank Incorporated, and OPI since 1982. Sponsored by DraftKings Sportsbook. The crown is yours. This bow is sanctioned by the WBC. The president is Mauricio Suliman. Introducing to you our three judges scoring the action from ringside. We have from New Jersey, Mark Constantino. From Oklahoma, David Southerntherland. And from Connecticut, Don Trell. Our third man of the ring, the referee in charge, Ricky Gonzalez. All right, fans. Here we go. 12 rounds of boxing for the WBC Super Lightweight Championship of the World. Introducing to you first on my left, fighting out of the red corner, wearing red trunks with black trim. Joining us from Barcelona, Spain. He weighed in at 139.2 lb with a record of 42 wins, three losses. He has 15 wins coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the crafty European super lightweight champion and the battle tested world ranked southpaw contender. Introducing Sandor Marine. His opponent across the ring is the defending world champion fighting out of the blue corner wearing black trunks with gold trim. Hailing from San Juan de Laana in the Dominican Republic, he weighed in at 139.2 lbs. He is undefeated in his campaign in the professional ranks with a record of 23 wins, no losses, 10 wins. Coming by way of knockout tonight, he is making the first defense of his title. Please welcome the undefeated WBC super lightweight champion of the world, Alberto Lispao. Once again, a referee in charge is Ricky Gonzalez. Now to give instructions. Referee Ricky Gonzalez assigned to this championship fight for Quo. First fight in New York, 5-0 in schedule, 12 round fights, has gone the distance in his last five fights. While for Sandor Martin, yeah, he knows that Southpaw versus Southpaw matchups are a rare breed, but he is ready to make it a very uncomfortable night for Puo. He sees Pouo's strengths, the distance, the reach, the strong mentality. But Martin feels that his own speed and high level IQ will be the difference. And he says Pouyo's biggest weapon, his trainer is Mile Silus. And of course for Puyo, he is uh also led by his trainer. And Raphael Martin, the father of Sandor Martin is his trainer. And that of course, you know, they were growing up in Spain where he had to wait actually to become a real bonafide combat sports athlete. Mixed a lot of sports up. Started in kickboxing and Muay Thai at 18. Decided to commit to boxing and and as we mentioned, he's waited a long time for this opportunity. Wants to make the most of it tonight. Does Sandor Minim these two southpaws, they can be known at times for being spoilers. They can disarm their opponents, take away what they do. Great. To see them opening up, trading shots in the center of the ring. That's a good sign over there. It really is a good sign. And it's M Martin who is pushing Puyo back. I like that lead hand. Martin isn't usually about volume. He's about efficiency. Lands at 32% clip and connects on 45% of his power shots. But then when you talk power, only 15 knockouts in 42 wins for Martine. And for Puo, only 10 knockouts in 23 wins. And that's why the top of the telecast, Brian, I asked you about the technical nuances and about the fact that purists would love to see this display of sweet science. Although again, an aggressive start by both. No question. And while we can talk about Pouo's consistency of late going to uh going to the scorecards, he did say one thing about his best punch when asked about his uppercut this week. My uppercut is devastating. Let's see if Quo, who says he's much more comfortable against Southpaws than he believes Martin is. Let's see if we can get the upper hand with that. Shock the odds pulling off the split decision upset over the then undefeated Gary Antoine Russell. He said his counter punching was the key to becoming a two-time titleist at 140 lbs. Russell, of course, will challenge Jose Valenuela in our next fight for another piece of the crowd at 140. And forget about the fifth round here with less than a minute left in the first. These two proponents of the sweet sides, they're ready to get a little savage. Yeah, Martin became really aggressive and ate a left hand by Puyo. But I mean, that's the style that Martina has to do. He can't box the boxer in Puyo. So that's why he's putting in that pressure. He's trying to corner Puyo into into the ropes. Martine conceded. Puyo good with distance, has a great reach, strong mentality. Southpaw against Southpaw. You wonder about that battle. There's that left hand, but it's Martine putting the pressure on Quo. Quo counting with the right hook. Missing Ronald with the left. Martine puts the pressure, but doesn't throw the punches. Come on. Come on. Let's go. See, get the mouthpiece out. Get the mouthpiece out. Drink some water. You got a little bit anxious. You got desperate. It's really important to keep the hands up. You're landing that left hand. That right hand. And then land the left. Throw the hook. Throw the hook. Get in the center of the ring. You hear that? [Applause] And the center of the ring and give him that body shot. Solace has had two coaching stints with Puyo. The latest beginning in December 2023. They're 2 and 0 and he's now a champion. And for Martin, his father, a Rafa boxing coach from day one, the gym in Barcelona was Martin's second home. At just 5 years old, he told his dad, "I'm going to be a world champion." Like, well, like my dad, he's he had his doubts, but Martine never did. And here Sandor is on the cusp of becoming a champion at 140 lbs, but has to solve the riddle. That is Alberto Puyo. Good counter right hand by Martine. And and that's one thing Moro he's he's known to solve the puzzle the riddle Martin I mean let's not forget he beat he he retired Mikey Garcia four division champs yes he gave Tophimo Lopez a really close fight Lopez dropped Lopez and a lot of people thought Martine won that fight absolutely so yeah you look at Tioimo Lopez he's got a piece of the crown Richardson Hitchens we see Jose Valenuela will defend the title against Gary Antoine Russell coming up so lots going on at 140 as this fight continues to warm up. Round number two, a minute gone. Pouyo along the ropes trying to set the trap. Marine not biting. Double jab by Puyo. Here's what's interesting. Pouyo told us in the fighter meeting he thought that he was going to be the one that was going to have to come forward and make this an exciting fight. It's actually Sandor Martin who has controlled the center of the ring, set the turn, set the pace. Maybe a little out of character from what we've seen at times, but this is the biggest fight in his life. And we know how long he's been waiting for this opportunity. When you have been waiting that long, trust me, you want to go out there and perform. You want to let your hands go. And that's what Martine is doing in this fight. Well, not so much letting his hands go, but putting that pressure and getting Puyo comfortable. There's mental pressure, physical pressure in boxing. And Martine goes to the button with that left hand. An overhand right by Oh, nice counter right by Puo. And things opening up here now with a minute 10 left in the second round. These southpaws meeting up beautifully, countering each other, figuring out each other's tells at close range. Nice output as well from both fighters. Yeah, I like when Martin gets in, he lets his punches go and right away he gets out of trouble. Final minute here in the second. Quo wanting to establish the jab, using it as a blind rangefinder, then dropping the right hand, chopping left hand from the southpaw. Quo There's that jab from Quail. Step jab by Quail. Martine good defensive instincts his head back again on the ropes. Martine respecting him. It's interesting here as Puyo accused Martine of running against Lopez and said you can't win World Championships anyway. Yet, it was Martine who told us he doesn't believe Puyo has the same heart as him. So, he believes he can suffer more in the fight, take more punishment if needed, and come out on top. I like the way that they are setting an aggressive pace. Good left uppercut by Martine and watching tape on Martine. He puts on a lot more pressure than people give him credit for. They hit me in the eye. I see double. You okay? Hit me with the right hand. Give me a massage in my eye. My my left left eye. There you go. That's his right. Relax. Relax. I got to recuperate. My eye. Remember Hector Luis Garcia against Javante Davis? That double vision cost him that fight. Early trouble here for Martine. Wow. Yeah. After just two rounds. Yeah. Very. And you can speak to how concerning it is with your issues of eye injuries. Suffer. Yeah. I don't know if he got poked in the eye. Whatever the issue was, he he is seeing double right now. I think he said round number three. And we will continue to monitor that situation. Martine coming out a little more aggressive trying to bring the battle to Puo for covering mixed martial arts for years. Sometimes you get two accomplished wrestlers in the cage. They end up kickboxing and letting the hands go. These two obviously are ring technicians, but to bring the fight to one another with the title on the line here, I like how neither is leaving for the chance. Can you shed some light on that? Maybe not the venue for it right now. Uh 30 seconds plus gone here in round three and we've got Puo who obviously doesn't know what Martine told his corner. But Martine not fighting like a guy who seen double. He's definitely trying to hit the the man in the middle. But he's doing good with Martin. He's fighting smart. He's putting the the smart pressure. He's not giving Puyo anything. He goes in, throws his punches, and gets out. The faints by Martin with the jab. Buyo just smothering him. Tell you, Martine does not look like a fighter. He's been idle for 442 days coming into this one. And the only reason he's been idle is because I'm not giving up the title shot that I've waited so long for. And you talk about the minations. Devin Haney won the first bid. Haney no longer here now. 140 moving up to 147. And so Martine said, "No, I'd rather just buy my time. Thank you very much." He's already been through the step aside money he received so that Haney and Garcia could fight last April. Now is his moment. Now is his time. Yeah, it helps when you get a six figure step. There's the body work by now has Martine on the inside over top of Martine. You got to get out. Good time by the Martine sitting down on the right hooks and repeatedly landing those lead right hooks going to the body. 45 seconds left here in the third. That was a good not known for their power, but a great exchange. Well, you probably got the best of that exchange, but again, I think came back and threw his own as well. 30 seconds now left in the third. Measuring each other up, fainting, looking for counterattacks always for Buo. These two so evenly matched. It's why those betting odds were basically a pickup for for both title. And what you want in a title fight. Exactly. Final 10 seconds now of the third round. Another very even round, much more so than what we saw in round two when Quail really threw more punches but didn't land. in round four. Right away with that aggression, Martin body shots, good placement of the punches and again getting away from from harm's way with an edge in total body shots landed. Although better success in the opening round. again along the ropes but using that jab and trying to find a way to keep Martin's pressure at bay but Martine continues to put that pressure on settling into more of a counter punching role. He does have a very effective and quick overhand left but you saw Martin pick that up early step aside and then come back and land. Yeah, counter punching was key against Gary Antoine Russell. Counter punching has been key throughout Puyo's career. Yeah, Martin is applying smart pressure and that's why he's not being able to get caught by he's dictating the pace with that jab. He's not letting player get out with his own [Applause] [Music] [Applause] by Martine [Applause] by Quo. Quo utilizing the footworking. He's impressed right now. He's talking about the styles that he's faced in in Tio and Mikey and now he's being able to adapt to Al and fight good. learn a few things heading into your 46th professional bout. Minute now left in the fourth. Our team utilizing a lot of evasive tactics in this round. More footwork. Quail trying to swim underneath. Goes to the body pattering shots. These are becoming very difficult rounds to judge due to their similar output. They're throwing and landing often at the same time, punching with each other. similar output and yes Martin in this round a bit more accuracy landing more punches than Quail but again very hard as a judge over 30 seconds left depends on what the judges are seeing the guy that's crushing pushing back nice counter again by Poo and Martin Luther double jab left hand by Poo Again, more of a fight. Not doing a lot of damage. A lot of fainting. Economical outputs so far. [Applause] Relax. No. No. Relax. You have to lead. You have to control the lead hand. Lead hand. Throw the jab downstairs. Don't talk more. You hear me? Let's close it. Let's close it. The the right the left hand to the body. Clean yourself with me. Lean forward [Applause] as we begin round five. Martine, he holds a 4-1 record against South Paw. But his last lefty showdown against Anthony Wigan way back in 2017 ended in a unanimous decision loss. The key takeaway, Martin can raw when needed in that fight. He displayed that, but again suffering one of his three setbacks, but has bided his time, has waited his turn, looking to make the most of his first title opportunity here tonight, digging away to the body, then going upstairs. That's what Martine told us. He believes he does have an advantage on the infighting, and he's certainly been taking the lead often, targeting that body of Puo and bringing the fight to him. You see a little bit of frustration too from Puo. He's been missing a lot and he's not getting in rhythm and that's where his corner tone falling. Larry Hazard, our unofficial score, has Martine up by two. Nice one, two there for Martine. Martin goes to the body, but now Quo delivers a combination. Not delivering a lot of combos and needs to I was going to say needs to deliver the jab and the uppercut, which was his punch that he would be the important one in this fight. Yeah, he's been muted. Yeah, he has that left as an uppercut and as a body shot too to his uppercuts. Speaking of Puyo, a minute and a half gone here in the fifth. I think what's interesting here is Puyo is normally the puzzle that is difficult for his opponents to solve. He's the one that's at least the last couple rounds chasing Martine more trying to find avenues of offense. [Applause] How many times though do you get backto back 140 fights all four fighters are sophomores deceleration in the offense of Martin here in the fifth round for quail but Martine still again maybe not throwing as much but landing his rare short shots. Yeah, he's definitely using aggression for his medical. He's also trying to sell. You would think to the judges each time Pouo misses. Martine able to sort of shake his hand. A little smirk. [Music] Someone's got to lead the dance. 10 seconds left in the fifth. Goes to the body. Hot shot. Yep. The uh the uppercut has been MIA for Puyo. [Applause] Good. How many rounds? Five. Six. This going to be the six. Okay. How are we doing? Really good. Remember championship fights. Win clear rounds [Music] when you're in the inside body work. We're going to see a replay of we were talking about Brian when he made him miss and he you said he said no you didn't catch me nothing happened here little cell little embellishment there for the judges he doesn't have to sell too much because only landing 23% of his punches guys might be looking like a confident fighter right now. One thing that's interesting is Martine outside of defeating and retiring Mike Garcia really made his name with how good he fought in defeat against Lopez. But Martine wanted to remind us he broke his nose in the opening round against Lopez on the headlight that affected his performance in a big way. Broke his nose in that fight in this fight. He was seen though. I mean the guy can adjust. from the south Martin that lands. Puo a lot of fing trying to get the jab going but Martin utilizing good footwork movement not allowing Puo any opportunity to really establish any type of rhythm. He's put in the spot where he has to be the player has to be the counter. He doesn't look as comfortable in that ros left up on the inside. Nice body shot by Martine physically. I feel like getting a little bit more pushing back ability to to avoid these shots and counter is impressive. Minute and a half gone here in the sixth. So midway point of the fight. Left uppercut the break by Quo Aarity the body work continues to be effective nice counter right by Quo leans in on Martine doesn't give himself distance to continue to administer his offense now the smart fighter there is Martine I think he's the one trying to lean in there it is again not trying to give Puyo anything the taller fighter has the reach and how do you smother his offense by getting in close such a good job finding rounds getting good extension has those long arms as a one punch power. He can certainly surprise you with those team continues to close the distance clinching disrupting either too far or too close for try to really tries to land the lead right hook but misses. hands down [Applause] the net making what left and the right from smart fight by the Spaniard Sandor Martin and proceedings here. It's incredible the craft that he brings. Amen. their strategy at work every single second. He's he's setting a trap every single second of every round. And yes, we've seen the familiar patterns that develop, but method to the madness. And he's great at exploiting patterns just as Santa Cruz went to that right hand once too often and paid for it with a left uppercut from Hades, the 2020 knockout of the year. Will we see a knockout in this title fight? I doubt it. I doubt it. But it's rhetorical question. Halfway through we got our unofficial score in Larry Hazard with Martin comfortably ahead. Martine did have a little trickle of blood coming from his nose at the end of last round. See that starting again this round. But I'm just amazed honestly. I mean the time that he's been out Martin um you know he does not seem like he's he's off rhythm. The timing is there he feels so relaxed in every trick in the book how he steps in too close. He gets in too far and he's in the inside he breaks to the body. Really smart and he took command from yes in this fight. weathered the storm that we didn't think that was going to happen. Weathered a bit of a storm as they exchanged in the first two rounds and he's really settled in as the leader bringing the fight to play gone in the seventh. The dance continues fainting. There's a double jab but doesn't deliver the left and immediately they clench. Let's not forget who's not an easy fighter to fight or to win a fight against right now. He's making it look easy. Minute now remains here in the seven. Whales winning the jab of battle. Martin comfortably ahead when it comes to power punches and body shots and has the advantage but just just barely in terms of total punches. So still very competitive but Martine is the one that that is setting the terms of this fight. Don't forget opening four rounds did feel like they've gone either way. So no idea who's this far ahead officially at this point. Although we've certainly like the work of Martin lately without her got to be able to move the distance a little extension on those shots. Yeah. No, he's he's got to let his hands go. He's got to dictate the pace by by how? By throwing his jab, his lead hand like his corner has been asking pushing back. Start that reach that distance. There it is. And throw a bolo punch, the uppercut, the body shot. And there aggressive with the left. Martine. Oh, nice. Martine's head snap back out from that right from Buo at the end of round seven. But coming up immediately next is round number eight of this 140 lb title appear. Oh, right hook by Ando sitting down on that left hand. Quo has certainly had enough of the dictation in terms of Martine the last few rounds. The Wasp wants to prove yeah he's still got some sting in those punches. I wonder how it is mentally for play. You He's always been the guy who makes you miss, makes you uncomfortable, and now it's it's him. Great counter punches from Martin. Three left hands landed. Just missed with the left uppercut. And on the inside, it's all Martinez [Applause] that It's just every time the whole thing gets on the inside, he breaks the body. He works the uppercuts and then he gets out does not get 20 chance. Let his hands go down. Oh, nice. All the clinching in here. Although this has been somewhat of an even round, this is as aggressive we've seen play in a while in this fight. Yeah, I think the urgency is trying to get these rounds. They're leaning in. They're punching. But yeah, we need to see more of those exchanges. There needs to be punches on the exit. just sapping each other's energy, but they got to make it count when they're in close by just better move at this rate and that's been a big part of the success. 30 seconds left. keeps that left uppercine on display. Huy walking forward but again he needs to work from distance long range establish that jab and there it is. I couldn't agree more. You see at times he's the one who's walking in and not smothering his offense for really nothing it seems. One more. Good. Just keep going like that. Okay. What you can't do is the rhythm. Don't fall asleep with the rhythm. No. [Music] And we're going to see the left hand exchange. A beautiful exchange right here from both sides. But it was Poo who got the best the inside work. And here comes that left hand. both talked about their counter punching being key in this fight. And again, they immediately closed the distance. But like you said, it's Puyo who does it. Yeah. And he's not allowing his offense to get on track because of it. And meanwhile, Martinez shoe shine in the body. on the inside. It's always after two to three or four punches on here. the physicality just very comfortable trying to push around is closing the gap on Larry Hazard's unofficial score but it was in fact more but didn't land as much and that's the key. There's the uppercut on the inside and another uppercut on the inside by that one missed. So whale throwing more but it's Martin that's landing more. Yeah, that right hook has been landing really good for that misses and the counter right from Martinez just snuggling the offense trying to get in but not has had moments with the uppercut but not leaning with the uppercuts to open up that way to get in to make it easier for him but also not leaning leading consistently with the jab to set up that uppercut really found at home as the counter puncher but you do have to be mindful of your out in that sense Final minute of the ninth and similar pattern to many of the rounds. Marine just outlanding quail by a couple of punches throwing more in that close quarters. Good defense here by along the ro keeps him there. This shots in from Martin. It's him who's putting the pressure and the body work has been a big point of the attack for Martin looking hoping to sack the strength of the defending champion. Currently nearly doubling the total output of life which has landed 2.0. Final 10 seconds of the night. [Applause] Body shot by Quo. Single shot. [Applause] We're good. We're good. We're good. The bucket. Drink some water. Put some water on the head. I know you're not working that much. The right hook when you're in clinch. Let's look back at the action in round nine. We talked earlier about Sander Martine embellishing some of the miss shots from Pouo by smiling, shaking his head. Here's a situation where the counter right hook of quail landed inside our team giving him the respect saying, "Yeah, you got me good here." But let's see what happens next. And that's a right hook that the coach was asking for. He's my round number 10 scheduled for 12. Alberto Quo, a two-time titleist at 140, defending his the title for the first time of his second reign against Sandor Martin, who's been the longtime mandatory challenger, waiting 30 years, 45 fights to get this crack. Wants to become the 15th champion to emerge from Spain in the first since Kiko Martinez three years ago. Body shot by Martine. Misses with the left chopping right by the And now the referee breaks him up. I'm just really wondering about these these unnecessary clinches. You say unnecessary, it's a big part of Martinez. No, not when not when the one leading the not throwing any punches, guys. I'm sorry. No, I think that's Martine's game inside. It is. But you guys wanting to use the long range gap. How often are you seeing that? You're not. You're not. Thank you. And you're not seeing it again because Martine is putting that pressure. He's getting in too close. like he's smothering his offense by doing that right there. There's a double right from Bu again just grapples almost with Martine on the inside. Quick short right now. Come on. Continuing here from those championship round uppercuts on the inside. Three of them from that's what we're going to ask if you're going to close the gap regardless of who's initiating it. Throw those punches. Both of them have great uppercuts. Quality match and see when Martino went up. Immediately countered by Qu. Yeah, after a nice flurry the clean punch from Frey, but again, we knew that someone was going to make an uncomfortable empty fight, it was going to be and that's what he's doing now. That's that's the way he wins fights. Fighters have been separated by more than three times in just one of the nine rounds. So, it's going to be a tough one. No question about it. It feels like Martinez controlled the action at times before has been honor him a lot of the times each step of the way. So, I don't feel like either fighter ever feel like the fight is truly in their favor. Yeah, I believe the corners like you as well. I'm sure the corner is going to tell you guys these rounds. Championship rounds are here. Who wants the championship more? [Music] All right, this is it. Championship rounds begin. Round number 11. uh adjustments you want to see make here in the final two rounds BC? Well, first and foremost, control that middle distance a little bit better. Don't settle for the clinch. Look to get a little more extension, but if not, let your hands go. And we're certainly seeing that from early, what does Martine have to do a better job of in order to finally win that championship for Spain again? Yeah, in order to win these rounds, clearly let this let the hands go this well. worries. Don't stay in too close. Just have fun in there. I think that's what Martine has been doing this entire fight. Referee Ricky Gonzalez largely letting him walk through these seales. [Applause] momentum. Yes, exactly. It's interesting. This is landing effectively when he gives himself the space. And I know what you said after Martin being part of the reason, but it just seems like not utilizing that IQ like we expected to worry about. Yeah. Yeah, you're right. Now again, establish the job midway through the 11th. I just want to never come this never come this pace never got into that comfortable you know movement that we're used to seeing play just over a minute left in the 11 and while chronically the goings on in this fight it is those three judges at ringside who if this goes the distance will have I been unenviable task of adjudicating because yes, the box numbers only tell part of the story, but they have been within three punches landed in each in nine of the 10 rounds so far. They only had separation of three or punches with less guys. I mean, unbelievable. And even though he's been frustrated at times by I'm sorry, decision making, when he does land these shots, they're the cleaner. Yes, they are more often than not. [Music] What's the first criteria? Clean left. 15 seconds left here in the 11. Nice defense there by make paid a miss. Didn't make a 12th and final round is here. Will Qu successfully defend his title? Will Martine and back to Spain comes. [Music] 3 minutes. Three minutes. Yes. You hear me? Three minutes. Give me shots. Let the punches go. You saw the uppercut landed. Father son team in Martine's corner. This whole life you've been wearing. You got to hands up and work. Father knows best. And in case you missed it, Trey Muto left in this fight. He only said it like three times. I see why he's saying it. And I know what the message he was trying to convey. Three minutes could be left in your title rate if you don't keep it going. Your kid Martinez already listened. Jumping all over Playo started here. And according to Larry Hazard, our unofficial score will need to score his 11 knockout in order to retain the title. Again, that's unofficial. Who can be a little dramatic here tonight? See who can finish stronger, who can make that statement to close what feels like a very close battle. And again, you imagine what Sandor to wait as long as he has. Yeah, he got paid. He got, you know, but this is why you do this. This is why you have you're a three division champion. There's nothing better than being on a pay-per-view in New York City first title fight. a chance to really live out your dreams. And now 2 minutes left. Can Martine do it or will play it? Hang on. And return to the Dominican champion. The first Dominican to win a title at 130 lb. Looking really comfortable in this last round. Not trying to close, trying to keep it clean. Fight from the outside. Letting plenty of dictate the fight. over. You wonder if that's the type of strategy. No, you don't. Yeah. Well, I was going to say actually now with a minute and a half left, go back and watch the tape. There are many many odd moments here in this fight, guys, where I'm sure especially going to be the But having said all of them, this is I don't know who's winning this fight. I have a feeling [Applause] slightly whatever that means. I agree with those close friends in between for sure. Many like anyone make a definitive statement. Neither known for their knockout power. But the stage is set here on one of the biggest stages in the sport around the right eye of Martine and he has been cut several times in his career. So that scar tissue is there for the ripping open [Music] last round. 30 seconds left again. Quail storming Martine instead of utilizing that long reach the jab. It's an interesting strategy and I wonder if it is going to end up paying off with 15 seconds left. It's going to come down to Mark Rosentino, David Sutherland, and Don Trella to determine who walks out of Barlay Center 140 lb titleist. [Music] [Applause] How are you s? So before we uh let you get up there to interview the winners, just want to get your find out. We're waiting for the scores, but everything we've seen guys right now, what where do you stand with this fight? And who do you think's got this and why? I really thought Buo may have stolen a few of those late rounds just by picking up the output, landing the better counter shots. I feel like this one is completely up for grabs as we had before. Definitely is up for grabs, but I think Martin did enough to win the fight. He stole the early rounds and even though the last round there was no urgency, still believe he won the fight. We'll take a look at the Compute Box numbers a little bit later, but the numbers do indicate that. Well, actually, we're going to take a look right now. And again, they just tell a part of the story. And you you see the power punches, clean, effective punching, but you you look at the the the jabs. Pouo's bread and butter. But again, power punches stand out to me. No question about it. You see Pouo, the busier fighter overall. Martine landing more shots at a better percentage, more uh better stats when it comes to those power shots, especially that 41% connects. But that jab did go to Puyo. So, as much as we were saying, we want Puyo to jab more to control that center of the ring, he did double up the total jabs, this fight feels even. Ismael Silas bracing quo. Sandor Martin coming to show his respects to his opponent's corner. Go 36 tough minutes for Martine proudly representing Spain. Quail proudly representing the Dominican Republic. 31-year-old Sandor Martin came in with a 42 and3 record. That's quite a lot of fights in order to wait for your first title shot, Mr. Campbell. It's been quite a long stretch of days. Over 440 of them to get that first shot. All right, Abner, let's take a look at what went down through 12 rounds. Yeah, it was a really close fight with both fighters had their moments. Mainly Martin in the inside the body work. Puo trying to get the rhythm going. The jab that we never saw. Barely saw it there, but it was Martin pushing back. There's some jabs there from Puo. The left, I'm sorry, the right hand. The uppercut that he's known by. We didn't see many uppercuts land by Puo. There's one. Maybe we saw three or four in this fight from Puo land that uppercut, but never really hurt Martine. The power punches of Martine, the jab of Puo, who is walking out of Brooklyn champion. You know who has the answer? The one and only Jimmy Lennin Jr. Ladies and gentlemen, after 12 rounds of action, we go to the scorecards with a split decision. Judge of Bringside Mark Constantino scores about 115 to 113 in favor of Sandor Martin. Judge of Ringside David Sutherland sees it 115 to 113 in favor of Alberto Puo. And judge at ringside, Don Trella, scores the bout 116 to 112 in favor of the winner. And still champion Alberto Lispa Puo. Alberto Pouo getting used to close encounters of the 140 lb kind for his second consecutive fight. He gets the decision via a split decision. Yeah, for Sandor Martin. Heartbreak. Heartbreak City for Sandor Martin. This was a close fight. It felt like it could go either way. But to know his backstory, getting the wrong end of the stick against Tailimo Lopez in a fight that so many people thought he won. He pushed the pace. He came out as the aggressor. He didn't get his hand raised. Yeah, I thought he did just slightly enough to get the the win tonight. Martin, he was putting the pressure. He threw a lot more, but again, a really really close round uh fight. I'm sorry. And it's really unfortunate for Martin. Devastating setback for Sandor Martin for Alberto Puo. Escapes by the hair of his chinny chin chin. Remains a titleist at 140 lbs.