Kind: captions Language: en So, you know exactly what I expect. 10 rounds. Give me a good, clean fight. Obey my commands and protect yourself at all times. Touch gloves. Good luck to both of you. Spoiler alert. This one has the potential to be a war. Bell and round one scheduled for 10 at 154 lbs. Fighting shots by Ramos. And you could sense it. It's just a matter of of when. Wow. But you come from the land of Marcos Maidana, Carlos Monzone, Sergio Martinez. You've got guts, you've got Wavos, and Shram Ramos attacking the body like it's filled with the sweet stuff. Meanwhile, Sham trying to he's gasping for air and he's getting dominated here in the third. And he's staying busy against a game Emanuel Shro. Yeah, he's being patient. He's taking his time right now being on his back foot waiting for Strong to make mistakes counter punching. Speaking of Ramos, but I mean again he there's got to be a time where he's got to press a lot more. Clubbing right hands by Ramos and yeah saying some of those may have been to the back of the head. I don't think so. Yeah, definitely. I mean, you get the confidence, the momentum right now. Ramos knows that he's just an opponent and he needs to get him out. Ramos looking to close the show in round number five. and ShraMM trying to fend him off, trying to fight back. And again, you cannot question the heart. Uh 30 seconds left here in the six. Oh, and there's that right uppercut from Ramos. So Ramos now beginning to pour on the pressure and again 75 punches thrown. But guess who's keeping guess who's keeping up with him in terms of punch output? Can knock the toughness here of the Argentine. And he did have his highest output round it seemed last time out in round six. Although I scored that round once again for Ramos. Yep. Shramm's fight high of 13 just now is lower than Ramos' fight low of 16 landed in round one. So we're looking for more victories. Meanwhile, Ramos is looking for his 23rd victory. Well on his way to achieving that. Great defense. Good defense until he hit until he ate that right hand. But yeah, Trump, not just that, we've seen some really good trunk upper trunk movement from him in the clinch. Some great footwork sometimes switching stances on the inside to get leverage on these body shots. And now it's Shramm looking for leverage on the body shots against the ropes. So good guard by Ramos. What do you like most about uh Ramos defense? I like the offense is the best part of the defense. Shred can take a shot, but the referee has seen enough. And Jesus Ramos Jr. Ramos Jr. against Guido Emanuel Shro. Shrom too comfortable on the ropes. Wonder let his hands go. He opened up and ate a be well not yet really beautiful overhand left right in the chin. He's out on his feet at this point. The ref is looking at him closely and he did the right thing. He he he went got in between them and called the fight off. You know his family back home in Arizona screaming at the TV. Vomos Ramos. The referee in charge, Mark Nelson, stops the contest. He is the winner by way of technical knockout. Jesus Monos Ramos. [Applause]