Kind: captions Language: en Ladies and gentlemen from the Michelob Ultra Arena here at the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino in Las Vegas, Nevada. Premier Boxing Champions presents the co-main event of the evening brought to you by TGB Promotions. Samson Boxing and Mayweather Promotions and sponsored by DraftKings Sportsbook. The crown is yours. Introducing our judges scoring from ringside. All from the state of Nevada, we have Tim Cheetum, Eric Cheek, and Patricia Morse Gar. Introducing our referee in charge. He will be giving instructions after the introductions, Mark Nelson. All right, fans. Here we go with the co-main event of the evening. 10 rounds of boxing in a showdown in the super welterweight division. introducing to you first on my right fighting out of the red corner wearing black trunks joining us from Buenos Iris Argentina he weighed in at 154.6 lb with a record of 16 wins three losses and two draws. He has nine wins coming by way of knockout. Please welcome the Argentinian super welterweight title holder and the upset minded contender introducing Guido Amanuel Shr [Applause] and his opponent across the ring fighting out of the blue corner. Entering the ring tonight wearing teal trunks with white and gold trim fighting out of and representing his home of Kasa Grande, Arizona. His weight 155.8 8 lb. His record, 22 wins, one loss with 18 wins. Coming by way of knockout. Please welcome the popular and rising super welterweight world ranked contender. Introducing Jesus Mono Ramos. Once again, a referee in charge now to give instructions, Mark Nelson. [Music] Gentlemen, you both received my instructions earlier, so you know exactly what I expect. 10 rounds. Give me a good, clean fight. Obey my commands and protect yourself at all times. Touch gloves. Good luck to both of you. Man in the middle, referee Mark Nelson. Hey, this fight might have been thrown together, but let's not blink, people. Both guys throw with bad intention, and if someone makes a mistake, this fight will not require the judges scorecards. Spoiler alert, this one has the potential to be a war. Bell and round one scheduled for 10 at 154 lbs. And we expected Shum to come out fast. He takes the center of the ring pawing away at the jab, but he's known for his high output. Always putting himself at risk in order to try to find Pert and he's 163 and two, has nine knockouts, but has been stopped in his career. Meanwhile, we talked about Jesus Ramos Jr. and how calm and cool, how mature he is for a guy who's just 24 years of age and yet he still holds he still harbors bitterness. And I if I were him, I'd harbor it too after what happened against Ericson Ruben. But I think it could turn out to be a turning point moment of his career because of how much he learned about not leaving it in the judge's hands and making sure he does more that he leaves no doubt. I think that'll make him a more dangerous fighter if he speak in the first round because he's cornered Shm already with the power the south with the left Abner. Yeah, I think Shrem Shrem started a little bit too aggressive for his own good and Ramos Jr.'s landing the left hand. He landed a beautiful uppercut and it hurt Shrem and that's why he's got him on his back foot. Sh has been down once in his career from Buenosadis to Dubai and now his debut in Vegas. He's a fighter who stays ready so he never has to get ready. Took the fight on just three weeks notice. Inspired, as I mentioned, by Martinez. He brings unorthodox movement, real grit, and the scars of experience into battle past the midpoint of the first frame. Nice left hand to the bread basket by Ramos. Yeah, Ramos has to be careful. He can't get reckless either, which because he's got a great counter puncher, but then again, when you got that power, I mean, you got to you got to make the fighter respect you. And I think that's what Ramos's doing right now. And Ramos is such a longarmed power puncher that he's controlling the middle distance very well, not allowing Shramm to take that forward step and get inside on him. Pinning Sham to the ropes. Shamro trying to navigate the minefield that is closing the distance against a power puncher like Ramos. Ramos on the front foot utilizing the jab. Some faints upstairs, downstairs. Good high guard blocking that punch from Schlum. And there's the counter to left by Jesus Ramos Jr. 45 seconds left in the first. Ramos has all the tools to be an elite super welterweight and this is the po period of his career where he's really looking each fight to make that big statement get the attention of the title holders. He didn't, you know, he he told us straight up, I want to fight Sebastian Vendor if if we both win on this night. So, we know what can be at stake for Ramos's future in this. And we mentioned, you know, next to 135 lbs. Good left to hook there. Cuffing shot by Sham. 135 154. Two of the deepest, hottest divisions in the sport. Final 10 seconds of the opening round. Sh looking up. That was a good counter shot right there for Trump. And Sham counters again. Good end of the round. Oh, but then gets popped right at the bell with the counter left from Ramos. But riveting action. Both of them throwing 50 or more punches in that opening round. [Music] Keep the distance. Move to the other side. Jab and that left hand is landing clear. Really good. Be careful. He hit me with the head. Yeah, he jumps in. You got to be careful with that. He goes gets hit first, but be careful. Don't worry about it. Don't worry about it. He hit you with the head. But it's okay. Whenever you're ready, just whenever you're ready, you know, relax. Father knows best for Jesus Ramos Jr. Dad is his chief second for Guido Emanuel Shram. It's Leo Lara in the corner as we begin round number two scheduled for 10 rounds in the middleweight division. And um again, Ramos saying, you know, he didn't sugarcoat it. This is not the fight he wanted, but he said it's the fight he's going to finish. He wants to make a statement. He wants to close the show in impressive fashion. And no offense to Guido Emanuel Shro, but that's what Ramos is trying to do right here in round two. And he has to, right? I mean, Shm is coming off a defeat. Not only a defeat, a knockout really face down Shrem, you know, this last fight. So Rambo's definitely going out there and trying to prove and make a statement tonight. And if you want to be the man in a division like 154, these are the the opponents you need to to dominate. And and that's why you love the attitude of Ramos, who when we asked him what his game plan was this week. He said we want to get him out of there. That's my game plan. So it's as simple as that. But look at that long left cross that he's used to hurt as well. He loves to go to the body. A minute gone in the second. There's Schwam trying to split the high guard of Ramos. Lateral movement on the ropes, but Shramm going to the body. Nice left hook to the liver and then resets in the center of the ring. But I mean, he knew Shamro was going to be game. That's the that's both the the the benefit and the curse because it makes an entertaining fight, but it opens up a nasty counter. Exactly. I was going to say, but he opens up and he's going to open up when he lets those hands go. Speaking of Shrimp and Oh, you just heard Shum with that left hand. Shutting up on the rope. Sh was hurt with the left. He's been down once and he may go down again here in round number two. The left hand finding a home for Jesus Ramos Jr. still a lot of time left in this round too and he continues to not move off center line. He's getting hit flush with the left hand. Ramos again so relaxed. So just taking his time and he knows he knows those right by Ramos. Beautiful bodywork. And then right away upstairs and a thing left hand right to the nose of Sham. Sham is being picked apart. He's being broken down by Jesus Ramos Jr. Less than a minute left in the second. Fighting shots by Ramos and you could sense it. It's just a matter of of when. Wow. But you come from the land of Marcos Maidana, Carlos Monzone, Sergio Martinez. You've got guts. You've got wayos and Trump standing guard, standing down. He wants to just continue to stand his ground. He may need to channel a countryman named Maidana and Matis right now. Yes. He took the shots really good. Final 10 seconds of the second. A huge round for Jesus Ramos Jr. Outlanding Sham 30-4 in the second [Applause] breath upstairs and downstairs the right hand. We got NASCAR on prime. Something tells me Ramos is going to put that pedal to the metal coming up here in round number three. Any takers? You want to bet? I'm not a betting man tomorrow. Right. Your wife wishes that were the case. Round number three here. Ramos the heavy favorite over Shramm who took the fight on three weeks notice. K Ramos making a liar out of me already. Yeah, sure. I'm just happy about the opportunity. He said he's taking this fight just, you know, excited knowing that he he's capable of landing shots and doing something. But it's wild. Yeah, of course. But this is a sport. All it takes is one punch. It does. It does. But I mean, Brahmos has really good guard defense. I mean, it's March Madness. Can be the Cinderella team, Brian Campbell. Can you match the aura of that now famous manager? Amir Khan. There's another Amir Khan that's famous. Nonboxer but drops the beats. Shout out to M McN. Oh, they fell today. So, their run is over. Go Duke. I'm a Canadian. Am I allowed to say that? I know Duke always is the team everyone hates, but a blue blood. Hey, we have Jesus Ramos wants to go from blue collar to blue blood at 154 lbs. Beautiful left to the body. Wearing down the body of Sham. Is Shramm going to take a knee? A minute 39 left in the third and he is backing up like he is feeling the pain. Another right hook to the body. Another body shot from Ramos. They sound like shotgun shots. You can hear them. Yeah, they're right in front of us and you can hear the thing body shots from Ramos. Ramos attacking the body like it's filled with the sweet stuff. Meanwhile, Shramm trying to he's gasping for air and he's getting dominated here in the third. He's already absorbed 13 body shots. What a right uppercut on the inside by Ramos. He's showcasing every punch in his arsenal and making it look easy. He's got size for this division. He's got technique. He knows when to step on the gas when he's got his opponent hurt. Like we mentioned, this is Jesus Ramos growing into that full man strength here at age 24 and looking to climb that title ladder. Treating his opponent like a Schwamine here with 45 seconds left in the third. But you know what Traum is there he's game and everybody's just taking it easy. Exactly. And he's he's still throwing punches, but Ramos what I do and love about Ramos is the composure. Beautiful left uppercut. There's no hurry, no rush. I thought you loved his shiny shoes, Mom. I've been digging them from here. What happens when he clicks them together? Does he get to go home to Kaza Grande? Wrong color. But he loves the color green and he loves the color of success. Wow. What a right hook upstairs by Ramos. It's all Jesus Ramos Jr. a stay busy fight and he's staying busy against a game Emanuel Shro. [Music] [Applause] It's a punch. [Music] [Applause] Beautiful. And we're going to see the beautiful body work from Ramos in this last round. Almost, you know, breaking him down. Almost took a knee there, Weedle. But no, he stood still. He took those body shots really well. Ramos, beautiful setup. There it is. Upstairs, downstairs. Took a step back, got that range, and landed the uppercut as well. I mean, just everything that we talked about, all the punches, the uppercut, the jab, the setup, stayed on the ropes and composed. Third straight fight in which Ramos has landed over 18 body punches in a single round. He is establishing himself as a body snatcher. And I did go down the rabbit hole and watch Mike McCllum starch Donald Curry in getting ready to cover the 154 lb weight class. The body snatcher, one of the best terrible Terry Norris. How about Thomas Hitman Hearns of 154 doing to Roberto Duran which had never been done before. How about Roy Jones with that one punch body shot on Virgil Hill? Oh, Abner, do you want to contribute to the 154 lb lore? How about Oscar de la Hoya, Fernando Vargas, a vicious grudge match. All right, we're in round four here of Jesus Ramos Jr. and Aguido Emanuel Shram. So, okay, Brian Campbell having downloaded the data, what do you want to see out of Ramos in order to get the the desired result from his fan base here in attendance tonight. I think we're we are seeing it. He's setting him up to the body aggressively trying to bring that high guard of Shamro down. And when the opening is there, it's been a nice variety. Some left overhand, some uppercuts. He's throwing a little bit of that lead right hook like the full package so far of what Jesus Ramos has brought. Oh, there's the uppercut on the inside. First time we've seen Ramos kind of settle in as a counter puncher and he said the counter shots would be there all night. He was going to be excited about taking advantage of the openings that they watched or saw during watching tape, breaking down tape. Yeah, he's being patient. He's taking his time right now being on his back foot waiting for Shan to make mistakes counter punching. Speaking of Ramos, but I mean again he there's got to be a time where he's got to a lot more. Clubbing right hands by Ramos and yeah saying some of those may have been to the back of the head. I don't think so. But and again I you know with two guys in a fight there would be no fight if there was no Guido Emanuel Shro taking the fight on short notice coming up against a guy who was considered a future title contender and uh he's in trouble. He's in tough but many fighters would have already capitulated Emanuel Schwam is still in this fight. Yeah, if he was just an opponent, someone that got the call, okay, I'm going to take this fight. Okay, this guy hits too hard. I'm taking a deep I'm taking a dive. Even know Shami is still game absorbing these hard shots, right? He's on the verge of bending the knee. You can see it. Seems like it. He did land a big counter right hand there in that sequence, but taking big punishment for Ramos, especially every time he backs into the ropes. And those clubbing shots, left hook upstairs by Ramos, but that cupping right hand and the body shots. This is a body shot clinic from Ramos. He's double digits again through uh well just over 30 seconds left in the fourth. He's already landed 41 body shots. So, double digits in every round. I love those sounds. Just the guttural and coming back. Oh, there's that award-winning commentary, you guys. Right there. Just Oh, it's like an old Batman series. Zap. Boom. Bang. And it's all Jesus Ramos Jr. through four rounds here in Las Vegas. [Applause] Are you ready for the next episode? [Music] Box him. Box him. [Music] He's dropping his hands. Turn to the side and get him with that one shot with the left hand. Turn left lead left and then hook right hand [Music] up. On the way up, [Music] this is round number five scheduled for 10 in the middleweight division. And guys, Ramos coming off a stoppage win over former unified 154-lb champion Jason Rosario, who felt nearly 100 body shots before crumbling. Uh, Guido Emanuel Shro on his way to doing the same thing. He's already absorbed 44 body shots after four rounds. Shown a heck of a chin that has Sham. He's only been down the one time in his career. Certainly going to take more than one power shot at a time for him amid this pressure from Ramos. Yeah. And again, Ramos being really smart knowing that he's landing some really hard hard shots to the face to the face of uh Trump and working the body, investing him to the body and breaking down Trump. I mean, let's not forget Ramos just fought him now. It's pressuring and Ramos just fought on February 1st. And there is something Abner obviously to staying busy and building momentum and confidence along with that. Yeah, definitely. I mean, you get the confidence, the momentum right now. Ramos knows that he's just an opponent, and he needs to get him out. Ramos looking to close the show in round number five. And ShraMM trying to fend him off, trying to fight back. And again, you cannot question the heart of Guido Emanuel Shram, but Jesus Ramos Jr., a Terminator on the loose. Just over a minute and a half left. going to the body. Going upstairs and holy smokes does Shramm have a stove beard. Accurate combinations one after another from Ramos. But Shramm is still standing. Wow. That is that's amazing from a for a guy that just came out of a knockout loss knockout defeat for him to be standing and then taking those shots from Brahmos. My respect. I almost said holy and I guess I just did. Just over a minute left here in the fifth frame and it's all Jesus Ramos Jr. Sham at least giving the fans their money's worth. They wanted a game opponent and they've got one. It's just you have to wonder how much will this corner allow for him to absorb as well. At the end of the day, this is the hurt business. And boy, business is booming right now for Ramos. [Applause] Ramos seeking his 19th knockout. He's 22 and one. He's really shown good defense even in the times that this has turned into a little bit of a back and forth action fight. Ramos with that high guard has done a very good job. Yeah, high guard. He takes a two steps back, you know, gets out of range, get gets out of trouble. We are seconds away from the first half of this middleweight matchup. Will they allow Guido Emanuel Sham to come out and seed the second half of the fight? He's been outlanded 140- 36, including 4919 to the body. Every one of those shots a taxing blow. Jesus Ramos Jr. has his sight set on the belt at 154 lbs. And uh continuing to work away, chip away at the aggressive Guido Emanuel Sham as we begin round six scheduled for 10. And you know, Ramos tonight is averaging 55 punches thrown his last seven fights. Tonight it's up to 77 punches around which is a huge increase. And maybe that's why they talked about it. Roly Romero with some insight. He just fought a while ago. And maybe that's why the short layoff. Hey, guess what guys? When you're an active fighter, you usually stay sharp. Imagine. Wow. I'm I'm I'm just blown away by that. like, oh, now you don't have to be Henry Armstrong, but three, four times a year would be nice, right, Brian Campbell? That'd be great. The good old days when you used to got get two, yeah, three to four fights a year. Oh, wow. And ShraMM again still game, still trying to fire back, trying to press Ramos, a fighter that really has not won any any round in this fight, but still game and still wanting to go out, go out in the shield. At the very least, Rama is here to test the conditioning of Ramos. And this is some of the best work of GES so far this fight. Ramos delivering the right hook repeatedly, using angles, changing levels. Hands are down but landing the left. They had the center line and you know Shramm unable to move his head and now forced to retreat to the ropes. the body language speaks like, "Man, I I want to do more. I really do. And I I can punch, but my god, this guy this guy's all over me, and he's, you know, it's beginning to hurt." And probably began to hurt a long time ago. We've seen that blood flow from Sham's nose for the past two rounds. I wonder if Ramos will slip back into that counter punching role. Maybe that'll be the opening he's looking for to try to end this fight early. Yeah, I think that's what he's looking for. where he's letting Sharm, you know, let those hands go, open up a bit, and Bramos perhaps land the inside uppercut or inside shots. There's the body work. Ramos bought a house back in February 2021, 7 minutes away from his parents' home. He's the nephew of welterweight Abel Ramos, who gave Mario Barios all he could handle on uh another streaming channel that was happy to be a part of. Great call. Thank you. 30 seconds left here in the six. Oh, and there's that right uppercut from Ramos. So, Ramos now beginning to pour on the pressure. And again, 75 punches thrown. But guess who's keeping guess who's keeping up with him in terms of punch output? It's Guido Emanuel Shro with 69 punches thrown. Unfortunately for Shramm and his family, Ramos landing 25 make that 26-1 here in the sixth round. But Sham continues to march forward like an extra out of the Walking Dead and Promos Jr. looking to close the show still. Had a chance to be in Los Angeles, see All Elite Wrestling Revolution pay-per-view. Will Osprey just simply the best period. What a freaking athlete that dude is putting the fly in Spanish fly as we fly into round seven scheduled for 10 here in the middleweight division. And guess who's sticking around, guys? Guido Emanuel Shro. Yes, he is. can knock the toughness here of the Argentine. And he did have his highest output round it seemed last time out in round six, although he scored that round once again for Ramos. Yep. Shramm's fight high of 13 just now is lower than Ramos' fight low of 16 Led in round one. So, we're looking for more victories. Meanwhile, Ramos is looking for his 23rd victory. Well on his way to achieving that. Great defense. Good defense until he hit until he ate that right hand. But yeah, Traum showcasing some uh defensive maneuvers. Hands are down now in this round for Shum. And he said that he likes the style of Maravia Martinez. Yes, he does. Yeah, he loves how he fights, but you might want to keep your hands up for against Ramos. You got to have the reflexes of the great Mavia to pull off that style. Man, it's an entertaining round here in number seven for because Shram is just trying to fight fire with fire and there's some defense from Ramos. And again for an offensive juggernaut like Ramos and I think Brian you mentioned it's good to see defensive responsibility. Not just that we've seen some really good trunk upper trunk movement from him in the clinch. Some great footwork sometimes switching stances on the inside to get leverage on these body shots. And now it's Shramm looking for leverage on the body shots against the ropes. So good guard by Ramos. What do you like most about uh Ramos defense at? I like the Oh, the offense is the best part of the defense. can take a shot at the referee has seen enough and Jesus Ramos Jr. picks up his 19th knockout win improving to 23 and one against a double tough Guido Emmanuel Shrom. One of the longest names and lasted a lot longer than many people thought here tonight. But he does get stopped for the second time in his career. Oh my god. He was stomped on his feet. He was. And just when you asked me what do you like more about his defense than his offense. His offense. That beautiful. What is the best defense? It's a good offense. What a knockout. He did exactly what he said he was going to do. Close the show. Be aggressive. Take his time at times. And he did. He's a smart fighter fighter. Jesus Ramos. He showed everything in this fight. He knows that anything can happen in this fight. It wasn't reckless. It wasn't rushed. It was Ramos. And tonight, that was more than enough. And you want to see how he closed the show? Let's revisit the action of Jesus Ramos Jr. against Guido. Emanuel Sham. Sh too comfortable on the ropes. Wanted to let his hands go. He opened up and ate a beautiful well not yet really beautiful overhand left right in the chin. He's out on his feet at this point. The ref is looking at him closely and he did the right thing. He he he went got in between them and called the fight off. You know his family back home in Arizona screaming at the TV. Bamos Ramos. Bamos Ramos. He delivered. He did. Vanquishing Guido Emanuel Sham. And for Shramm again, kudos for the 29year-old taking the fight on three weeks notice and showing his gladiatorial spirit. And uh we are uh ready for the official decision. And let's now go to the main man, Jimmy Lennon Jr. [Music] Ladies and gentlemen, we have the time of 1 minute 38 seconds in round number seven. Our referee in charge, Mark Nelson, stops the contest. He is the winner by way of technical knockout, Jesus Mono Ramos. [Music] We're going to get Momo with Brian Campbell as he will speak to the winner, Jesus Ramos Jr. here with the victorious with the victorious Jesus Ramos Jr. You told us the game plan was simple. Get him out of there. Mission accomplished. Yeah. Yeah. Mission accomplished. I had some obstacles, man. Uh in like the third round, I hurt my hand and uh I just had to battle through it. But like I like you said, I made a promise, so I had to get him out of there. Buo Shro showed a great chin, a willingness to exchange in there. How hard was it to pick him apart, break down that defense and get him out of there like you did? It was really hard, man. You know, he's got a he's got a lot of heart. Um, he displayed that tonight and uh I tip my hat off to him. He's a great warrior. Jesus, you've really starting to build some momentum in this 154 lb division. We know that the unified champion Sebastian Fedora is fighting next. What is in your future right now after another impressive victory? Yeah, you know, hopefully we get the winner of that fight. You know, we want the winner of uh the main event for sure.