Kind: captions Language: en We take a look at this and I met this is the highest that Romero has weighed as a professional. He's had a couple of fights north of 135, but never at this weight. And of course, we've talked about the age factor as well. But it's the reach of Barroso that I think could be significant here tonight if he can land power punches from the outside. Rules for tonight's main event here in Nevada. Only the referee can stop the fight. Once again, Jimmy Lennon Jr. Ladies and gentlemen, we welcome you to the Chelsea here inside the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas as Premier Boxing Champions presents the featured bout of the evening brought to you by TGB Promotions, Mayweather Promotions, and Showtime. Sponsored by DraftKings Sportsbook. This bout is sanctioned by the WBA. President Herberto Jesus Mendula. Supervisor is Robert Mack along with the Nevada State Athletic Commission. The chairman is Anthony Marnell III with the executive director Jeff Mullen. Our three judges scoring this bout for ringside. From Nevada, Tim Cheetum. From Oklahoma, David Southerntherland. And from New Jersey, Steve Weissfeld. Introducing our referee in charge. He'll be giving instructions after the introductions. Tony Weeks. All right, fans. Here we go with the main event of the evening. 12 rounds of boxing for the vacant WBA Super Lightweight Championship of the World. And now, ladies and gentlemen in attendance and boxing fans joining us around the world, live from the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas, it's showtime. introducing to you first on my left fighting out of the red corner entering the ring wearing yellow trunks with red and blue trim fighting out of Miami, Florida by way of El Tigto Venezuela. He weighed in at 139 and 12 lbs. His record stands at 24 wins, three losses, and two draws with 22 big wins coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, here is the former world title challenger currently ranked the WBA number one super lightweight contender. Introducing Ismael [Music] Barroso [Music] and his opponent across the ring fighting out of the blue corner wearing orange trunks with white trim fighting out of his home and representing Las Vegas, Nevada. He weighed in the same as his opponent, 139 and 12 lbs. His hard-hitting record stands at 14 wins, one loss with 12 big wins coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, here is the former interim lightweight world title holder. Please welcome the hard-hitting and colorful WBA number five world ranked super lightweight contender. Introducing Rolando, Roli Romero. Once again, our referee in charge, Tony Weekes, now to give instructions. Tony Weeks, 29 years a professional boxing referee, working his 860th professional fight. Roelly Romero, five of his 12 knockouts have come in the opening three minutes. He promises to get off to an explosive start. Ismile, but also hey, he's won four in a row with three of those wins coming by way of KO again. This one not expected to go the distance. As we begin round number one, the southpaw baro, he was a classic example of an all or nothing fighter. He scores a KO or gets KO trying has been stopped twice. first when he challenged Anthony Kola for 135 lb strap in 2016 and then by Batir Akmedov in 2018. Both of those knockouts were courtesy of body shots. Akmedov losing earlier tonight to Kenneth Smith Sims Jr. and this fight in some ways will come down to a couple of singular things but also normally a much bigger volume puncher than Romero. So he can win rounds, but he leaves himself open for right hands. Can Romero hurt him or can Barroso hurt him with the power that he's had at 140? And Ry Romero talked about being patient in this fight. He said with when he fought Tank Davis, he he just got over excited and made made a mistake that he paid dearly. In this fight, he's going to be cautious. He's going to be picking his shots. And something smart you want to do, especially a heavy heavy puncher like Barroso. Of course, Romero began his athletic pursuits in judo. He's a juda. Started at eight, trained in judo for over eight years. And in some of his fights, he does resort to some judoesque takedowns in the boxing ring. we've seen. He's a very unorthodox, awkward fighter, but is known for that powerful right hand, but also has a nasty left hook, especially the lead one. We saw him drop Avery Sparrow with that fight in the opening minute of their bout with that left hook. You know, the last time we were able to see good video of Barroso was against uh Eve Ulissi, a very good fighter. That was back in 2019. He beat him over 12 rounds and it was a very good performance. The question is since that point, has there been any erosion with Barroso? We'll see. His last fight came last August in Hollywood, Florida. Won by fourth round knockout against Fernando David Salceto. Again, Romero awkward and and we've talked about in watching tape Abner about Romero's flaws at times fighting straight up, leaving his chain exposed, a little awkward with his footwork and throwing himself on off balance, lunging forward at times. Yeah. Being with with the wide stance that, you know, he overreaches sometimes and susceptible to the counter. That's Dvonte Davis. Yes. And and then we're seeing something right now. Barroso applying the pressure trying to make Romero uncomfortable and at times it's it seemed like he was but definitely Rome Romero does not want to move straight back uh with his head up and now he's very much learned on the job. We'll get to that in the second round. years. Romero started his amateur career at 18, had a cup of coffee in the unpaid ranks, and now here tonight in his 16th professional fight compared to Barroso, who is fighting for the 30th time as a pro. And we'll take a look at what these men need to do. The keys to victory, um, weather the storm. I thought Barroso would be coming out with much more aggression. He may still, but he's got to get past that. Try a body shot. Moro referenced twice. Barroso has been knocked out with body shots. Romero's not a body puncher that much. Should try it. The right hand. Barroso is available for that punch. Romero has a good one for Barroso. When he squares up and lunges, especially he could be with those right hands. He does need to be aggressive in this fight and pump up the volume, but he can't be reckless. The straight left hand is a powerful weapon for him. And of course, we know that's the punch that Davis used to knock Romero out. Definitely did not pump up the volume in round one. Romero one of 26. Barroso two of 22. So much for those fistic fireworks that were promised. Yeah, I'm not surprised that first round was a little cautious though. Definitely not that cautious. No, I mean you got two heavy hitters right here and they don't want to make the first mistake. You know, Barroso tried Barroso tried to do, you know, which is right, the pressure for a little bit towards the end of the round and Romero, he's just measuring. He's he's trying to figure out what uh what what type of style uh Bar Ro is bringing. Oh, I forgot though. A vacant title is also at stake. So, the stakes are higher and you want to make sure that you fight responsibly. You know, 42% of what Barroso uh lands normally are body punches. He hasn't really yet been in a position to throw body punches, but we'll see how much he does with that. I think Abner, you noted my sarcasm. You were going to hand me a hand to clean the sarcasm off my jaw. There's a smirk on my face when you two minutes left here in another cautious frame. I just ignored it. Well, just like Romero and ignoring offense. Yeah, so far anyway. [Applause] And you can almost sense it when when when two heavy punches like this fight, you know, uh it's just a matter of time before someone walks into a big big hand and, you know, gets himself in trouble. Well, there's a nice judo sweep. Now, that was a left hook from Romero. And you mentioned that, Maro. You know, we put the right hand in the keys, but Romero is a good left hook puncher, especially with the lead left as advertised. He really does have a nasty left hook. Yeah, Romero needs to let his let his hands go a little bit more. I like it when he's he's I know a lot of people don't like the awkward style that he brings. It's, you know, it's weird, but uh it works for him and he gets the opponent to be uncomfortable as well. Well, you know, I asked the question, you know, we haven't really seen much of Barroso since that fight with Ulissi where he's an active uh volume punching guy. Now, some of this may be due to thinking about Romero's power or the fact is has he gone down a bit in the last couple years that we have not had a chance to really view him? Yeah, that is a good point out because because of that fight. Yeah, there was was a lot more volume, a lot more pressure uh from Russos. But uh again, you got to give it to the fact that Romero is doing a good job of using the entire ring, jabbing, you know, and not letting Baraso get in as easy. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. No. Let him go. Let him go. Swiffle pushing out there. Well, the closest we had to uh sustained action was this. Barroso coming in and you know he he goes out there with the jab and this is where Romero as you see with his left foot trying to keep it outside the the foot of Barroso. Uh he clips him with a left hand but rightfully not called a knockdown by uh Tony Weekes because their legs tangled up. And of course, uh, lefties and righties, this will happen. And there you see him trying to get that left hand in and, uh, their legs just got all tangled up. Now, you talk about a tough fight to score. I'll tell you what, not much happening here. Exactly. [Applause] the bell and round number three so far in the fight. Romero two of 46, but also five of 44. Now, Barroso is doing one thing that's dangerous. He's lunging with his left hand to the body. He's asking for a right hand from Romero. He's got to be very careful of that. Yeah, he's not double jabbing him his way inside to be able to let go of that left. And yeah, he's putting himself in risk of a counter punch from Romero for Romero. Of course, he was getting ready to fight a lefty and Alberto Puo. Uh so again, he got a lefty in Barroso. Uh so that part he didn't have to rearrange his thinking during training. Yeah, that always helps especially if you're already getting ready for for you know fighter at that stance. And you know uh you know for Romero's credit he's fought his what uh three fights, four fights softball. So it was nothing new for him. Yeah. Romero fighting his third consecutive left-handed opponent. came off the loss to Dvonte Davis but scored his biggest win against a southpaw against Anthony Can you dig it back in 2021. He says he likes fighting lefties more than righties. They're really fun to knock out to the court. You know, Barroso normally throws about 66 punches a round. He has thrown 54 over two and a half rounds. So clearly uh you know the volume not there with him. But he and maybe he's thinking a power shot's going to change things. Although he could be winning two rounds. There's a good left by Barroso. Barroso swinging and being neutralized by Romero. Now, will Romero continue to hold on the inside and will Tony Weeks allow it? We'll see. I mean, not saying that that's not the right thing to do if you're putting that position. Romero doing the right thing, holding, turning him, but uh you can't overdo it. Also, many people believe that Barroso's power and it has been significant in a lot of fights. So, Romero may very well be well, he said he knows this guy can crack. Anytime you're in a fight with a puncher, you know, it's going to be difficult. That's difficult. THE LEFT HAND DROPPING. ROMERO. 4 5 6 7 Hey, come to me. Come to me. Come in. Go. Okay, here we go. THE LEFT HAND COST HIM THE FIGHT AGAINST TRAVANTE DAVIS. AND HERE IN THE DYING STAGES OF ROUND THREE. BARROSO WITH THE LEFT DROPS ROMERO FOR THE SECOND TIME IN HIS CAREER. NOW, if you're Barroso, you and he only had a few moments that round. He didn't want to attack too much. He's a happy 40-year-old, isn't he? Right now, [Applause] you're good. You're good. You're good. WELL, WE SAID BEFORE THE FIGHT, the left hand of Barroso is a good weapon. He lunged before that with the left, didn't get countered, and then landed the second left. Yes, we talked about the pullback from Romero. He pulls back straight with his head up, and that's what happened. Two, three, and then the uh overhand left for Barrosus is the one that did it. The bad habit that uh Roly Romero has, pulling straight back. Not so fun fighting lefties after all for Rolley Romero. [Applause] Barroso looking to build on the momentum that he has following the knockdown in the final seconds of the third round. This is round four scheduled for 12 for a vacant 140 lb title. Romero went fishing for the right uppercut. Now you can feel Romero standing his ground here. He's thinking to himself, I've got to make this fight or I'm going to continue to be in that issue. I mean, he's the younger fighter. This is the pace that you want to fight a Beerbo Russell because he's the older fighter. He's not too much going on. He's picking his shot. He's a heavy shot, heavy power puncher. So, you know, but for him, he's comfortable, but Romero has to pick it up. And if you're Barroso, you don't still want to overattack because you're concerned about Romero's power as well. [Applause] [Music] And Barroso has scored knockouts in two knockdowns in two of the three fights he's lost. So, he has done this before. Not always been successful. That doesn't to say it's not going to happen tonight. again lands the left hand. [Applause] Romero lead left hook. [Applause] Very little jabbing from Barroso. You know, he's not he doesn't want to he's not using that to set things up, but he was able to get the left hand in without the jab. And I feel like that he's overthrowing that left. Yes, I agree. If you're smart, if you're Romero, you want to time that. There it is. Caught him walking in. Heard him. Yep, he did. Caught a right hand. Just over a minute left in the fourth. Romero opening up. Barroso coming forward. [Applause] Hometown crowd chanting for Rolley Romero. lead left hook, right hand by Romero. Barroso fighting out of the corner. 30 seconds left in the fourth. That was a beautiful counter left hook from Romero. And he's trying to do it once again. He's waiting for Rosels to throw that left hand, take a step back and counter. Left hand to the body by Barroso. [Applause] We are through fourth of Chelsea at the Cosmopolitan Hotel in Las Vegas. Explosive exchange right hand from Romero. Very good. Very good. [Music] Breathe. Breathe. Listen to me. You can't go back on him. You have to keep pressuring him, but don't lounge. Don't lunge. often times righties and lefties. Of course, you're going to see the clash of heads and that one initiated by Barroso, though not necessarily uh on purpose. And here's on the inside right hand that strays low by Romero as he's holding with his left hand. Romero trained by Cromwell Bullet Gordon, but also trained by Osiri Fernandez. He had a 16week training camp at Mororrow's Boxing Gym in Miami. And just like that, my favorite gym of all time. Fifth round begins as Barroso walking forward, putting the pressure on Romero, who's utilizing lateral movement. And again, going back to Romero's corner and himself talking about being patient, you know, taking his time. Wow, it's the fifth round. It is time to let them hands go off if you're Romero, especially if you're down already on the scorecards with that knockdown. And Barroso coming off his busiest round so far where he threw 37 punches in round four. By the way, Romero came in as a huge favorite, 8 to1 the last time I checked. That was interesting. I was actually a little surprised at that. Of course, he would have been a big underdog had heo continued to engage in this fight. The former champion who's now the champion in recess and there's a nice exchange. Yeah, obviously a lot of people going, you know, thinking that Baros because of his age wasn't was not going to perform. But let's not forget that Romero is not the most, you know, experienced fighter either. Yeah, we don't really know about about Lily Romero yet. As I pointed out when you walk in lost to Davis against Jackson Minz many people thought he won he lost that decision was very close and other than that has not faced top competition. So we don't know about Roly Romero yet and even as an amateur you know he only had 25 fights and here he is vying for a vacant 140 lb title in his first fight at 140 lb. It's boxing I guess. There's a nice left hand from Bosso momentarily bothering Romero. I think this fight is really coming down to whether Romero can counter him and hurt him. Yeah. Can he counter Barroso and hurt him or will Barroso get back to him with a power punch? [Applause] And Abner made the good point that the the pace this fight is being fought at does benefit Barrosa a bit. When we last saw him 3 years ago, he was a volume puncher. At age 40, he appears not to be that anymore. So guess what? This pace is probably right hand by Roelly Romero. backs up but also leads with the left hook. Romero training at Mayweather's boxing gym caught the attention of Floyd Money. Mayweather when he impressed in sparring signed him to a promotional contract back in 2016. Now on his bicycle retreating to close out round five. [Applause] That's what we need. Beautiful. Beautiful. All right. Now we got our rhythm. Now we got our rhythm. Let's build on that rhythm. Okay. Now we got that. We got to build on it. Keep moving. If you're not punching, you stepping. You understand what I'm saying? Well, there were moments in the last round where Romero was trying to to to land those uh countering shots. There's the left hook, a pretty good one, a counter left hook as Barroso came in. And then later on in the round, again, reaching with the left hand, Barroso. And when he does that, this one didn't land perfectly, but it's a cuffing punch. You could tell Romero is just looking for the chance to counter him when he lunges with the left. [Music] This is round six. That was a good right hand from Romero. Tim timing Moroso's beating him to the punch. Really and a check left hook from Romero. You know what Brolo is doing though? What he did do in that last se segment there is punch with conviction to the body. He is a good body puncher, but we haven't seen him punch with conviction to the body. though he was countered. Total uh power punches which is everything other than a jab. Barroso with the edge in this in this fight. Uh and you know there's been been that much thrown and that much landed but what there is has has benefited Roso. There's a lead right uppercut to the body by Romero and But also continues to go to the body with the left hand. But hot shot, single shots. Two minutes now left in the six. And again, Bosso goes to the body, sniping with the left hand. And Romero misses with the left. You know, as dangerous as that move is for Barroso, it's been his most effective thing in the last couple of rounds. But it's dangerous because he can get countered with the right hand. Yeah, please. I'm sorry. Also dangerous for Romero because he's stand he's staying right in front of Barroso. Look at his foot placement right now as a softball. You want to walk to the left. Another counter left to the body by Barroso. It was with 25 seconds left in the third frame that Romero went down from an overhand left to the nose. The second time he's been down in his career. The first time, well, he was stopped by Jervante Davis in his last fight. Another left hand to the body by Barroso, but it's single shots devoid of combinations. If you remember, you got to start taking that left away from how do you do that with your right hand? Keep them busy with your right hand. Try to control that lead hand with your left hand. Romero and Barroso has definitely taken this partisan crowd here in Las Vegas, Romero's backyard, out of this fight. Yeah, and the lack of volume from Romero. Another left hand by Barroso. And that's all you have to do of your bar roas. You're getting people's attention, the judges attentions with big shots like that. Yeah, because of lack of volume for Romero. We are halfway through this battle, this bout I should say for been anything but a battle for a vacant 140 lb title. [Applause] Good job. Good job. You're doing a great job. How are you feeling? We keep hitting him and then we surprise him with the left. Keep making faking taking him out and then come in with the left. And we got to the rhythm a little stronger, a little more. Just keep breathing deep. Well, he's been looking for the left hand and there it is. Uh, that was actually almost a better left than the first one that knocked Romero down. Romero took this one well, but Barroso and he's looking at the body where Romero thinks he's going and instead he comes with the left hand. We've seen in the past both being susceptible to counter punches. But tonight, Barroso's left hand has delivered, including that knockdown in the third round. This is now round number seven. Amir Fernandez, the trainer of uh Barroso, I thought his comments were apt. Hit him a little bit like they are to the body and then surprise him with the left hand because the left to the body kind of helped set up that left to the head. Let's bring in unofficial score Steve Farad. How do you have it at the midpoint? Kind of a painful fight to score, Mo, but um very little definitive action and and very few definitive punches, but I would say the one thing we know is that the third round was 108 for Barroso and as a result, I think he's probably ahead at the halfway mark. I have him ahead after six. Take a couple of aspirin. Call me in the morning, Mr. Get rid of that B. Seventh round here. And yeah, so he obviously looking at the fight and as we begin this second half, I always come to you Abner for for adjustments. Maybe give me one adjustment for each fighter going into the second half of the fight. Well, starting from Romero, how do you not counter punch that slow left? Exactly. It's a one, two, one, two that Barusso is doing constantly. How do you not counter that? You know, that's one adjustment that Romero should start doing. and and Barroso. Well, Barroso is fighting his pace, fighting his rhythm, picking his shots, and uh I would want to say if he could pick up the rhythm a little bit more, but I don't think that would work for him. He would only put himself in danger. What would you like to add, El? Yeah. for now for Barroso, what he could do is double jab his way in which would take away that right hand which he used to do back in the day when I saw him on video against Ulissi VHS tape back in the day three years ago when we saw him on that video he he was able to do that and then that then he worked the body and worked the head he's not doing that he's launching it with his left hand uh in this fight Under a minute remaining in the seventh round and again we've talked about it and bears repeating at the age of 40 being through what he's been through with his knockout capabilities. This is the kind of pace that or else would like the entire fight. Yeah. And obviously the most common way to take the left away from a softball, walk to your left if you're a right-hander. Walk to your left constantly take that left away. Jab and you know throw your own right hand. But Raleigh Romero definitely not doing that right now. And these rounds will be close ones because neither man is doing great offensive work. Uh sometimes the shower punch is landing by by Barroso in a couple of different instances and he seems to be winning the foot battle as well. The lead foot keeping his right to the outside of Romero and setting him up for that left hand. There was that left hook again. The lead left by Romero as we head to round number eight. [Applause] Just what I need. Beautiful. Beautiful. He's gassing down, baby. Beautiful. I might have a better shot, huh? Yes. Beautiful. Clean shots. Breathe deep. [Music] Get over there a little bit more. Keep draining them down by by your movement. He's draining him down. He's getting tight. His legs is starting to get Well, here's Romero. There's the straight right hand and it comes with the hook. Those were and that was the action he initiated that wasn't counter punching by him, which is intriguing. We didn't haven't seen much of that. Mhm. And he always gets himself off balance by doing that. Why Why doesn't he just stick to the right hand at that reach and follows it up with the hook instead? Yeah, it's a good point. Yeah. You know that Admin mod makes a lot of good points. He does. You know, I've noticed that round number eight. Absolutely. That's why I'm happy he's sitting here with us tonight. Absolutely. Thank you guys. And Romero retreating again, trying to reset. Barroso coming forward, but not able to really put together a lot of sustained action. Barroso's opened up a four-point lead on our unofficial score, Steve Farhood's scorecard. So, Roelly Romero, we asked if he could bring that vaunted power up to 140. He's going to, if those scores are any indication, he's going to have to try to rely on his power and landed the right, but then got countered by. But also, and a reminder that that quote unquote vaunted power happened against fighters at a lesser uh uh uh skill set uh than even Barroso, who you know, he let's face it, Romero got a little bit of a break, did get a break when Pouo pulled out had to pull out of this fight and Barroso came in. But Barroso is a quality fighter. Yes. And uh it was back in April of 2019, few years back that Romero produced one of the year's most spectacular knockouts against Andres Figureroa, but it it's like you mentioned Al now moving up in weight, moving up in competition. Yes. Class. I mean, people, you know, we saw the memes about, you know, the age and and the Ismile Barroso, but he is proving here tonight why he's been the number one contender for almost a year. and he's showing a certain uh you know ability to take a couple of power punches. He didn't fold when he was hit by a good power punches and you know that's a key element here and he's the one that with the constant pressure. Yeah, he remains on the hunt. He might be stealing these rounds just because of that and obviously those uh nice timed overhand lefts. Minute left and really in this round Roly Romero's been retreating and the left to the body will open up another left to the head at some point if Kuoso doesn't get countered by a right but Romero's not really throwing that punch and Romero continues to go around the ring and he's hearing it through some of the crowd here now he fires a one two but continues to utilize his his feet while Barroso trying to cut him off trying to stop him, trying to slow him down. But it's been, as Al Bernstein has put it so well so many times, the Romero Invitational in this round. [Applause] I have used that line. I love it. I love it. There's a left again to the body. The left hands of Barroso continue to score to the body and another left lands, but Romero took a little bit of that off. We're going to the ninth. [Applause] the worst. Good [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Now you demanding [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] now. Now you run the show. I still need a little more face and jabs. Okay. When you moving around, listen to nine. Just walking into nine now. Okay, keep moving. Push it in. Well, as we said early in the round, the lefts to the body would ultimately open one up to the head. Now, Romero tried to counter with the right hand, that body to the that left to the body, but didn't quite get it done. And then we're going to see, I believe we're going to see a left hand that got in. Not great, but did get into the head uh of Romero. man. Mark Davis, the owner of the Las Vegas Raiders, spending as almost as much time at boxing events these days as he is uh in charge of the Las Vegas Raiders. Always great to see Mark Davis in attendance. Yeah, we've seen him. And of course, he's getting ready for his WB NBA or uh yeah uh aces uh to uh to start defending their title. unofficial scorecard shows Bosso still maintaining that fourpoint or make it now it's fivepoint edge over Romero. Wow, that was a nice right hand from Romero. But just one Yeah, I mean if you're Romero I mean he talked about in Oh, and he gets counted again. Knocked off balance with the left of but also AND NOW NOW IT'S ROMERO SITTING DOWN WITH HIS PUNCHES. IS THAT going to be a knock? AND IT IS BEING RULED A KNOCKDOWN DESPITE IT LOOKING like a push. [Applause] Russell was hurt at a certain point. Yes, he was. And he goes down for the fifth time in HIS CAREER. HIGH DRAMA NOW HERE IN LAS VEGAS. ROUND NUMBER NINE. ROMERO WENT DOWN IN THE THIRD. BARROSO GOES DOWN HERE IN THE NINTH. And Romero sitting DOWN IN HIS SHOTS, LANDING THE LEFT AND THE STARTING RIGHT. BARROSO TRYING TO HANG ON. STOP. turn out. [Applause] And just like that, A FIGHT IS BREAKING OUT here in Sin City. Romero coming alive in the ninth. It's going to be incumbent upon Barroso to land something significant. Yeah, Romero, it's time to close the show. You don't want to let Barroso get uh any any more of these rounds. You want to close the show and get this knockout and make a statement. And Yep. Barroso remains a threat with that counter left. Snap the jab, but finds himself on the ropes. And for a moment's half, it was as literal as it was figurative. A minute left in the ninth. Romero putting ON THE PRESSURE, LANDS A STRAIGHT RIGHT, misses with a sweeping right hook. And Barroso replying with chopping shots. See, and this is the pace that Barrosos doesn't like. High volume, constant on him. Like, you know, he's the older fighter. He doesn't like this. 30 seconds left in the ninth. That lead right has been effective for Romero. Barroso comes back with the right AND THEY ARE JUST WHAT? WHAT THE OH MY, that was bad. Oh my goodness, Tony Weeks. And I got to say it, a weak stoppage here tonight. Just sucking the Well, THE THE PARTISAN CROWD, THEY'RE JUBILANT. They're ecstatic. [Applause] Mama mia. Roly Romero. Thanks to Tony Weekes intervening and he stops the fight here in round nine. They had both been down one time each in the fight. Barroso still on his feet, still engaged. Well, they were exchanging punches. Now, Barroso to the point, not necessarily complaining. Well, some of his cornermen are. That's Oh, yeah. His co his trainer Hernandez was on the the apron going, "What the?" Yeah. I mean, I shocking honestly. Um, they were both exchanging. Uh, Bara landed a couple right hooks. You'll be able to dissect the replay, I'm sure, a few times. Oh, yeah. As Rolley Romero picks up his 13th knockout win, improving to 15 and one. His first fight at 140. He's now a belt holder. And you're right based on I mean the the the reaction of but also there smiling as they exchange pleasantries. But we're we're going to revisit the end of that round and what ended up being the end of the fight. This is where Barroso coming in and getting landing the left hand uh against uh Romero. Then we're going to see where the knockdown happened. And this is where he gets Romero gets him with a nice right hand and the hook was the main punch. Now he was pushed down there. So you can make a strong case it wasn't a knockdown. Barroso was hurt, but was that a knockdown? And we'll take another look at it, Abner, and I'll let you weigh in on this. No, it definitely I mean a hook that hurt Barrosos. He's hurt there. followed up with the right, but then he's pushed down. Clearly a push down. Again, not saying that he was not hurt, but that is not a clear knockdown. Then we're going to take a look at when this fight was stopped. Roso had been in trouble. Now he's kind of a cuffing left hand. Good a pushing right hand by uh Romero. Nothing's landing. Not really a lot significant. Now, Brusso does look a little tired, but honestly, NOTHING LANDED. NOTHING LANDED. I don't understand that stoppage and some of the crowd reacting here. I think they're seeing some of the video. We'll take yet another look at it. And Barroso, there you see him reacting as of what? Um, there were no real punches that landed here to be perfectly candid. That one did, but a pushing right hand. Barroso does look tired here, but not hurt. Yeah, I I was going to and and then the reaction for Baros after this, you know, he was okay with the stoppage, whatever, because yes, he was put in the uncomfortable position and he know he knew it was going to start getting ugly like that, but definitely not the stoppage, you know, there you react going really, you know, uh but so oh well interesting on every level and the beat goes on. Let's go to Jimmy Lennin Jr. [Music] [Applause] Ladies and gentlemen, we have the time of 2 minutes 41 seconds in round number nine. As a referee stops the contest, he is the winner by way of knockout. And the new WBA super lightweight champion of the world, Rolando Roli Romero. [Applause] I'm not on social media anymore, but my phone just blew up with myriad messages. I cannot repeat what everyone is saying, but needless to say, no one seems to agree with this stoppage except for maybe Rolando Romero's family. His family very happy about this and uh clearly he this young man had come back to an extent in that fight, but All right, let's go to Jim Gray. All right, Moral, thank you very much. Roelly, uh, did you think this fight should have been stopped? Man, I'll be honest, man. He a warrior. He wanted to keep going. He should have been able to keep going. You wanted it to keep going. I wanted to keep going. He a warrior. He wanted to keep going. We both wanted to keep going. How would you assess your performance up until the stoppage? I mean, I boxed the entire time. You know, I came in a little cold. I got cracked, you know, and I, you know, I finished the round like a champion and I kept going and I got the victory. When you went down, what did you learn from the last time that you went down against Tank Davis? You said he made a mistake against Tank went down here tonight. What did you learn when you got up to continue the fight? I took my time, moved around, and like, man, the man's strong, man. So, I, you know, I had to be careful with him. So many rounds, there was not many punches that you threw. Um, why? I mean, sure. You think I want to get caught by one of those? I told you he can crack. I thought everybody he could crack. I knew he could crack. All right, let's take a look here at the knockdown. And I want to ask you, Rolley, from your vantage point on the first knockdown, if it was a push on your end. This is round three. So, this is when you go down. I'm sorry. This is when you go down. Tell us from your vantage point what what happened there. I mean, it was a little buzz. I was a little off balance and I got cracked, but I got back up. I f around no problem. Okay, I now I think we'll jump forward here ahead to when you knock him down and uh it looks like a push uh from n from our and I'm now being told by our producer Ray Smaltz we're going to go to the stoppage here. Doesn't look like many of these are connecting. Yeah, but the first punch was what had him hurt to begin with. The first punch had him hurt. It was right on the It was a little clip. [Applause] It's a tough position for you to assess what the referee's doing. So, I I really can't put you in that position. But he said he wanted to keep going. I wanted to keep going as well. So, what happens here next? You lost to Tank. You now move up to 140. You gain a championship. Well, like I said, like I said, there's only two fights I want. There's either, you know, obviously the rematch with Tank, but I think there's a much bigger option. I want to go after Ryan Garcia. Ryan Garcia 140 pay-per-view. Let's do this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on Showtime. Let's got Let's get that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] happening. All right, Rolley. Thanks so much. Appreciate it. No, and I want to I want to give thanks to all the mothers for happy Mother's Day, including my mom, my sister, most importantly. Thank you, Rolley. Felix De Jesus will translate for us. Ismail, are you okay? Yeah. Thanks to God I'm fine. Did you think this fight should have been stopped? [Applause] [Music] I think it was an injustice to stop this fight. I was giving the best shots. The first time that you went down, were you pushed or should that have been ruled a knockdown? or anything. What did the referee say to you at the end of the fight? [Music] He just stopped the fight and didn't tell me anything. Let's take a look at the end of the fight and ask Ismail if any of these punches were connecting. [Music] You can see it clearly. I'm the one that's hitting. He there was nothing clear that he hit me with and here we hit him again with another one right there. He stopped the fight. We don't understand. I would concur with that. Thank you very much for your time. Well, we look at the final numbers of this fight and it was a low volume affair to be sure. Um the of the power punches landed there were several that were important. One was the left hook. that hurt Ismail Barrosa, even though the knockdown looked like a push. Uh, and of course there was the knockdown of uh of Romero as well as part of that. A key point, and I just want to make this so it doesn't pass by. In our first fight, we saw two super quality 140 pounders representative of this weight division. I want to make that point. Let's go to the scores at the time of the stoppage with our unofficial scorer, Steve Farhood. Well, Mo, it shouldn't surprise anybody that Barroso was ahead on all three cards, but he was ahead by one point, three points, and five points. Actually, David Sutherland gave Barroso the first five rounds in this fight. And the judges, incidentally, agreed on only four of the eight rounds. Uh, they gave Romero a couple of rounds late, but Barrosa was well ahead. Take a look at my card. I had the 108 round for Barroso in the third because of the knockdown. And I had a one-sided fight as well, Barroso over Romero. I'll just say this. Uh Diego Corales, God rest his soul, was lucky uh Tony Weekes didn't ref his fight with Joseé Luis Castillo that