Kind: captions Language: en We are switching our attention to the middleweight division. An encounter that is scheduled for 10 rounds. There is a look at Angel Rempago Lightning Ruiz 27 183 and one. And there is what is that? A guy Hawks mask. We've got Yuen Lee Hernandez. And boy, he's he's been showing his true colors. He No need to hide that face. That's the face of a knockout artist right there. 6 and0 6 KO victories. He is 27 years of age and yeah, just his seventh professional fight. You talk about being on the fast track, one of the sanctioning bodies already has him ranked at number one. He went 4-0 last year. This is his fourth scheduled 10 rounder. He skipped fighting four rounders completely, only fought one scheduled sixrounder and two scheduled eight rounders for his opponent Ruiz. 12, his first time in Las Vegas, making his 160 lb debut, his fifth scheduled 10 rounder. Uh he missed weight by 2 lbs in his last fight back in November, which kind of uh made him know that yeah, it's time to to move up the scale, but he's also moving up big time in terms of level of competition despite only six fights. Hernandez is well an emerging monster. Let's go to Miguel Flores. [Music] Ladies and gentlemen, once again, we continue the action here from T-Mobile Arena with the PBC Prime video prelims. It is once again all brought to you by Samson Boxing, Warriors Boxing, TGB Promotions, and Mayweather Promotions. Sponsored by DraftKings Sportsbook. The crown is yours. Elmeo brand products bringing authentic Sabo to your table. Somos El Mexico and the film Last Breath, Make Every Breath Count, starring Woody Harelson only in theaters February 28th. Our three judges ringside are Eric Cheek, Patricia Morris Chararm, and Don Trella. The referee in charge of the action is Alan Huggin. And now, Premier Boxing Champions presents 10 rounds in the middleweights division. Introducing first in the red corner, wearing the red with the black and gold trim. He weighed in at 159.6 lbs with 18 victories, 13 by knockout, opposite of three defeats and one draw. Representing Los Angeles, California, here is Angel Reamp Ruiz. And now introducing his opponent across the ring in the blue corner wearing the baby blue, red, and white trunks. He weighs in at 158.4 lbs. His record a perfect one six victories. All six victories by knockout. Representing Providence, Rhode Island by way of Gamaguay Kuva. Here is the hard-hitting knockout artist Yanley Feliciano Hernandez. Okay, gentlemen, you both receive your instructions. Obey my command at all times. Protect yourself at all times. And think from here on up is good. Here on up is good. Touch gloves. Good luck to you. Allan Huggins, the man in the middle. Yenry Hernandez looking to keep his KO streak alive. Ruiz looking to shock the world and change his fortunes. Round one scheduled for 10 at lbs. And Hernandez spent time in camp with his Cuban compatriate David Morurell, who of course will be headlining his first pay-per-view here in Las Vegas in that battle of undefeated light heavyweights coming up later tonight in a bonafide grudge match against David Benvdas. But already Hernandez showcasing his skills. Nice. Oh, good body shot. Pick it up. Pick it up. Ruiz told us this week in the fighter meeting is he believes he has an opening early in this fight to get off big with his jab. He believes Hernandez is a counter puncher who at times doesn't throw enough punches. Let's see if Ruiz can establish an early pace. Very much like Morel Sugar Hill, we have Hernandez who has that extensive Cuban amiter pedigree, but a professional approach that emphasizes both offensive prowess and defensive acumen, level changes, and he is looking again to keep that KO streak alive and I know you love fighters like that. Yeah, I like uh I like technical fighters. I like fighters that really have a game plan to, you know, get a knockout and try to hurt somebody. I mean, that's what the fight game is about. by hurting somebody. Oh, and Ruiz looking to hurt the body with that step over left hook. Lot of creativity early from Hernandez. You see him switching stances. Not afraid to square up when he has Ruiz against the ropes. Ruiz fighting out of the southpaw stance as well. Laboring on the ropes now. Hernandez picking them apart, curling those punches around the high guard. Exchange uppercuts, mostly blocked, but it's Hernandez putting the pressure on Ruiz, throwing every punch with bad intentions, measuring him. Oh, nice clubbing jab there. Goes to the body. Nice level change here uh by Hernandez Sugar Hill. Yeah, Hernandez has got some he's got some good power. I can see why he's knocking everybody out. And uh the shots that he's uh you know he's placing on on uh Ruez are I mean these shots are are slowing Ruez down a lot. He's going into more of a defensive mode than even punching now. Ruiz from Kuliaakansa Mexico the hometown of Julio Cesar Chavez. Perhaps Mexico's greatest fighter of all time. Holds records for the most total successful defenses of titles. has been in more championship fights than anyone else. Brian and Hernandez, well, he's looking to get into that championship conversation despite this only being his seventh pro outing. Well, you mentioned Ruiz from the same hometown as the Mexican legend. Hernandez, despite being from Cuba, has developed a good friendship and relationship with Canelo Alvarez versus sparring partner and he credits him with influencing him on daring to be great. on the belt. Watch the back in your head. And if we need the services of a Spanish translator, three division champion Abner Mers will join us live on pay-per-view as an analyst will be serving as a translator. Keep doing what he's doing. Can you translate that? But just be careful when he pulls back. All right. With the hands up. spit. Whatever. Spit. Spit. Spit. Spit. Spit. Spit. Spit. Spit. Okay. Okay. Listen. Jab. Jab. Swing along, bro. Okay. All right. Keep doing what he's doing. Keep doing what you're doing. All right. You're doing a good job. Speed up. Good job. Ostentatious opening round for Yuenley Hernandez landing 56% of his power punches, 52% of his total punches. Uh that's a pretty good uh clip. So much for that slow start Ruiz was expecting from his opponent. I was listening to the corner of Hernandez and there was really nothing they could say. It was just like, "Oh yeah, you're doing good." But you know what was even better? That uh left uppercut. He just snuck in on the inside and now going to the body, attacking both flanks, missing with that sweeping right hook upstairs. See that trunk movement from Hernandez to avoid punches. You can tell he's a very good athlete and starting to really gain that experience here as a professional through six pro fights. Was a two-time gold medalist at the World Amateur Championships in 21 and 23. He defected during a stopover in Panama and eventually resettled in the United States. He's coming off his longest fight to date that ended in the eighth round against the previously unbeaten Bryce Henry. So despite the lack of fights, he is beginning to accumulate the allimportant experience Sugar Hill second by second inside that theater of truth known as the boxing ring. Yeah. And this is what uh you know with his uh with his amateur background and also being in camp with you know Canelo Alvarez. Uh he's building up the experience every day and it's it's showing right now with his patience and the way he's picking these punches. Um I'm enjoying this. I'm enjoying this little uppercut like that one there. Beautiful craftsmanship on display, Brian, with his punch placement and just his his delivery system in general. And he's luring Ruiz in with those faints and countering powerfully from close range so far. More muted offense here in the second round. Less than a minute remaining in the second stanza. The southpaw Ruiz missing with that lead left. There's a faint and the combination by Hernandez. splitting the high guard of Ruiz. And anytime you say no, it probably means yes. Another clubbing right hand from Hernandez now walking down Ruiz. Ruiz trying to hold his ground. You know, anyone from Kuliaakinoa, the hometown of Julio Sear Chavez is going to try to hold his ground. You better have a beard from that town. Ruiz taking these power shots well, but he's yet to really gain the respect from Hernandez who is all over him against the ropes. Listen, uh Ruiz doesn't have an answer for this uppercut. I mean, it's it's mainly because the way his defensive stance is. He's open for that uppercut all day. And Hernandez Hernandez is just, you know, popping him with every chance he gets. Three-punch combination from Ruiz, letting Hernandez know that he's still here. Oh, there's a left as the second round comes to a conclusion. Good job. Okay, you're saying in the center it's too long. Two, three punches, left, right. Stay stationary, Sugar Hill. Let's take a look at those combinations that Hernandez put together in the last round. And what what technically impressed you the most about this? You know what I'm looking at is is Hernandez the way he when he moves to the inside close to her uh to Ruez, he's positioning himself to make a slight move along with his shift to throw the punch. He doesn't just walk straight in and and try to throw uppercuts. He puts himself in a position and he slides right over into the punch, which gives him a clean lane for a clean uppercuts. And he's landing those uh uppercuts very very frequently. I don't think uh it's doing Ruez any good. And that last combination just like the loonies, he had five on it. Round number three. Talk to me after the show as Hernandez now continues to try to establish the jab. Ruiz backing up. So already the pressure beginning to have an effect. And this is round three scheduled for 10. And Ruiz on his bike backing up to the ropes trying to avoid the offensive onslaught. The crushing combinations of Hernandez. Hernandez is both the aggressor and the counter puncher here. Oh, you see Ruiz swinging for the fences. He's got to try something to break the rhythm of his opponent. In Ruiz's last victory, he sent former welterweight titleist Luis Coyazo into retirement via sixth round KO via body shot, a right uppercut to the midsection in April of 2023. But now he's in tough along the ropes. The uppercuts from Hernandez causing him a lot of consternations. You see Hernandez. Oh, that uppercut jacked him up. He's throwing a He's throwing a good body shot. Then he's count finishing up with an uppercut up the middle. Just round the outside back up the middle. And he does have a beard from Julia because he's taken some vicious uppercuts from Hernandez. No doubt about it. and he's really threatening to test this knockout streak for Yuenley Hernandez who told us coming in he very much expects to continue that 6-0 with six KOs's and right now he's got Ruiz once again pinned to the ropes the one thing we've seen on tape when it comes to Ruiz does overextend his punches susceptible to counters that was seen in his hish first defeat against another lefty Javier Flores who just erased him with a vicious counter right hook to the jaw. Well, Ruiz admitted to us that his time as a junior middleweight, he put too much power on his shots. It would take away his stamina in the later rounds. He's trying to be more judicious, work behind a jab. He's just getting swallowed up by the offense of Hernandez. Final minute of round three. Can Ruiz see that bell? He's getting his face hit viciously by Hernandez. Outside, inside, outside, inside. Same pattern. Why change? Ruiz has been down once, resulting in the lone stoppage loss in the first L of his career. We talked about it against Javier Flores. Hanging tough with Hernandez. But how much more can the chin take? How much more punch resistance does Ruiz have? [Applause] Final 15 seconds of the third round. It's all Yenley Hernandez, but Ruiz valiantly trying to find a way to crack the armor of Hernandez. He's getting cracked authoritatively. How do you feel? You okay? Okay. Oh, he's heavy. He said he's heavy because you're right in front of him. I'm letting him shoot so he get tired out. No, no, no, no, no. Don't do that. He's answering questions and stuff. Take a step back. Just a little step back. Create that gap. Make sure you protect yourself with that. Show me something. Okay. No, I will tell you. All right. Relax. He's good. Don't throw it upstairs. Throw it right in the chin. Right in between the gloves. And then move. I need those uppercuts. Middleweight division. One of the most storied in boxing history. the likes of Monzone, marvelous Marvin Haggler, Bernard Hopkins, and right now a division in state of flux. We've got the undefeated Johncam Can Alim Canuli. Easy for me to say, but then again, try saying Mao Dominico, Antonio Ronaldo five times fast. We've got Carlos Adamis and Erasand Lara. And yeah, Hernandez is knocking on the door of a title shot while trying to knock out Ruiz. With respect to Janbec, this is a division that is looking for a singular face. Hernandez has shown us a lot through six pro fights and matching himself tough just like David Morurell early in his career. Yeah. Third fight, Lennox Allen undefeated, a lot of experience and Morell just dominated him and Hernandez doing the same here. Adjustments that you would like to see uh Ruiz make Sugar Hill to to try to to get back into this fight despite being a prohibitive underdog. Listen, it's funny you mentioned that because I wanted to say that Ruiz Corner is doing a great job. I just heard um Ruiz tell his corner, I'm trying to get him tired. I'm trying to wait for him to get tired. And his corner is like, no. I mean, I don't know where he gets this game plan. It's not going to last all night if he's going to if that's his game plan with his corner trying to get him back into the fight. Throw punches and Ruiz smothering the offense. And Brian, he's giving Hernandez that opportunity to place the punches and stay in the danger zone really unfettered. Yeah, I'd like to see Ruiz establish a jab at some point. That's exactly for the very basic point to keep Hernandez off of him. Hernandez so creative in the clinch there with those uppercuts. Got good movement on his hooks from different angles. [Applause] Hernandez unleashing another combination. Pinning Ruiz to the ropes upper to the hook. Another sweeping hook trying to send Ruiz down to the canvas trying to send him to the second knockout loss of his career. But Ruiz continues to stand, tries to punch back, but Hernandez, every shot aims to hurt Ruiz Sugar Hill. Listen, Ruiz is doing good at some points. You can see when he started jab and he's he's effective and he slows down Hernandez. The only problem is Hernandez is a great counter puncher and he starts jabbing and throwing punches and he's getting caught clean, but he's getting caught just as clean as he is when he's standing there trying to block punches. Ruiz now bleeding from the mouth. K is jaw jacked again by the uppercuts. Level change by Ruiz trying to go to the body. High guard by Hernandez. [Music] This has been becoming at the very least a phone booth fight along the ropes. Not a situation where Ruiz has much room to get off of his shots as you see him smothered by the power shots of Hernandez. I'm sitting here falling in love with Hernand's head movement and the way he shifts his body into these punkies. Oh, nice counter right by Hernandez upstairs as Ruiz that pass to deliver Allah Julio Cesar Chavez, but it is oneway traffic. It is all Yoenley Hernandez as we come to the end of round number four. coming up live. And tonight we honor one of the most legendary Mexican fighters, our fallen comrade Israel Vasquez, who lost his battle with cancer last year at the age of 46. Round number five scheduled for 10 at 160. To close on that, Mo, when you have the type of fan base in the Mexican crowd that Cruz brings, you don't need a championship belt, okay? They respect his style and his attitude and we're certainly looking forward to that fight later tonight. And Ruiz starting to respect the jab and I'm sure he's already respecting the power of Hernandez. And while the stats don't tell the entire story, when you look at the numbers, it's uh well, it's like a Harlem Globe Trotters Washington General score right now in the stats department there. Brian Campbell, one punch can certainly change the momentum. It's just can Ruiz find that and that combination splitting the high guard to Ruiz. That high guard is leaky. Yeah, the high guard is uh it's a hole up the middle and it's it's a hole up the middle and there's two holes on each side, too. So, Fernandez is hitting all those spots. He is. And that is it. Referee Huggin has seen enough once. Angel Ruiz to survive to fight another day. And Yangley Hernandez moves to 7 and0. Seven consecutive knockouts. It wasn't the highlight reel finish. Do you agree with the stoppage? I I definitely have to agree with the stoppage. I think it's a good stoppage. There's no need for him to go in there and get hurt. Uh he's taken a lot of punishment, a lot of big shots and uh it wasn't going to change. Campbell felt a little bit early to me. It didn't seem like he was in trouble. I understand the accumulation of punches he's been taking, but he was looking to continue to bring the fight to Hernandez. referee saw what he saw ultimately in the end. [Music] What it doesn't take away from, however, is a complete performance from Hernandez who extends that knockout streak to 7-0 with seven KOs to kick off his young pro career. And this is how Hernandez closed the show here in Las Vegas. [Music] You can see you can see how Hernandez shifts into these punches here. He shifts into the left throws a body shot, shift back over to the right side and throws a right uppercut. As we begin the shortest month of the year, it was another short night for Hernandez. The KO streak remains alive. Anything you would like to see him improve? There's always room for improvement, right, Sugar Hill? Yeah. Um, the only thing he could have done more was probably jab, but I don't think he needed the jab in this fight here. He was just right there like hitting a heavy bag. What's your biggest takeaway, Brian? I just love the attitude of Hernandez. He's representing a new generation of Cuban fighters who bring the fight in the ring, bring the fight in the matchmaking. As you can see, the respect between the two pugilists right there. But Fernandez is certainly someone to watch in this division. And as we talk about a little bit of some restructuring, reorganizing going at 160 lbs. There's an opening for someone to certainly grab that reign and momentum and establish themselves. Look out for Hernandez. Let's make it official with Miguel Flores. Ladies and gentlemen, referee Alan Hoggins called the stop to this contest at 1 minute and 6 seconds of round number five. For your winner by TKO and still undefeated, Yanley Feliciano Hernandez just seven and0 but all seven wins via KO. And when you've got the skills of a Yoenley Hernandez Brian Kuster, you get passage on the fast track in boxing, especially when you've got that knockout power that he has. And he's unbeaten all by stoppages.