Kind: captions Language: en a 33y old and a 35y old. There's some heights but heaps of reach to Seedra and both of them made the limit for this fight. Seedra and Nielson and they meet immediately at center ring. I think he needs more of that, you know, kind of stabilize that movement of Neielson. Take away his rhythm. Right now, Neielson's fighting with the rhythm he wants to fight with in and out, you know, bursting in and things of that nature on the belt. It's technically not low, but you worn it because because it's it's you're you're an inch away from being low. It was a good punch with the left hook from Sevidra that sat Neielson onto his heels. Tries to get that arm free to continue as Neielson as he steps back into Seedra. Throws an overhand right, tries to hook as well. Now they box on the inside and Nson's quite happy here. Nice little step around right there. He's got to use his angles and things. Good right hand. He's stepping it up now after he was cut. He's stepping it right up is Andry Seedra. So that's a good punch. These are good shots from Seedra. Oh yeah. And he's down now is Neielson. A good flurry from Sevidra. Neielson applauded him while he was on the ground and now he's struggling to get up and it might be over this fight. He gets up. He got it. He got it. Doesn't look like he wants to continue. So I said, you know, he was going to sneak in a body shot. I mean, that body shot was clear. Clearly look. Oh, okay. That was that was the first knockdown, which was a body shot. You know, the body work is what got it done. And he was crumbling. You know, you can see soon from Sebri. Well, he's throwing everything he's got and the body shot sends him down and no. Oh, boy. I know. It was low. N is like, "Don't trust me. I'm down." It was a low shot. According to low Chris Con. We take a point here. He's given a lot of warnings. You got five minutes. Five minutes we could have here. I know. Okay. And now what? broken down. He was still, you know, getting himself up, getting himself ready to go. And then that was the one that I told you he was going to sneak in. So those shots were Well, there was at least one that was low. You thought that was low? There was at least one. Yeah. But there were a bunch of them right around the belt line and it was ruled low by the referee. Yeah. And he said, "You've got 5 minutes." And then obviously he's out. That wasn't that low though. That was a It was, you know, it was on the B on the It wasn't It wasn't But it wasn't that low. It wasn't terrible. But But when you fast forward, but regardless, it was ruled low by the referee. [Music] [Applause] Well, blue corner and new WBO international middleweight champion Andre Elino Savra.