Kind: captions Language: en And there is Leo Santa Cruz Alamoso Termoto who is seven and0 here at the MGM Grand. Four of those seven victories have been by knockout. The last time Lao fought was here in January of 2017 against Carre. Here's Jimmy Lennon Jr. Ladies and gentlemen from the MGM Grand in Las Vegas, Premier Boxing Champions presents the co-main event of the evening brought to you by Teate, the official beer of boxing. Twin Peaks Restaurants eats, drinks, scenic views, and recover 180. Rapid hydration when it counts. This bout is sanctioned by the WBA, the president, Hilbert Jesus Mendula. Judging at ringside, Tim Cheetum, Glenn Feldman, and Julie Letterman. All right, fans. Here we go. 12 rounds of boxing for the WBA Super Featherweight Championship of the World. Introducing to you first on my right, fighting out of the red corner, wearing red trunks with gold trim. He is fighting out of Houston, Texas by way of Morelia Mituakan, Mexico. He weighed in at the super featherweight limit of 130 lbs. His record stands at 24 wins, two losses with 12 wins, coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the world ranked contender tonight, making his first attempt at a world title. Introducing El Moakano Miguel [Applause] Flores and his opponent across the ring fighting out of the red corner. Truly one of the greats in boxing today, wearing silver trunks with purple trim, fighting out of Los Angeles by way of Mitakan, Mexico. He weighed in at 129 and 12 lbs. And tonight he is making his 17th World Title appearance with an overall record of 36 wins, one loss, one draw, and 19 wins coming by way of knockout. In his super featherweight debut tonight, he is seeking his fourth division world title. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the four-time world champion in three weight divisions and the current WBA featherweight champion of the world. Introducing Elmoto Leo Santa Cruz. And our referee in charge now to give instructions, Tony Weekes. All right. Okay, gentlemen. You both received your instructions in your dressing room. Okay. Right here is good. Right here is good. I want a good clean fight. Obey my commands at all times. Above all, protect yourselves at all times. Let's go. Let's take a look at our tail of the tape. You see that Santa Cruz, four years older than Flores. The height and the reach is relatively identical. Our co-main event this one for the a vacant super featherweight championship Santa Cruz hoping to join the likes of Eric Morales Juano Marquez Jorgeel Cano Alvarez by becoming the fifth Mexican to capture a world title in four divisions. Nearly half of Santa Cruz's career has been spent in world title fights. He's 15-1. Of those 15 victories in world title fight, seven of those have come by way of knockout. The last time Leo Sat Cruz fought here at the MGM Grand Garden Arena was back in January of 2017. He avenged the only defeat of his professional career by defeating Carl Frampton in a sensational rematch. Both men are looking in extremely fantastic physical shape. It's an all Mexican clash here tonight. Overhand right by Leo Santa Cruz. Lao is no stranger to being involved in very hotly contested matchups. Both men haven't fought twice since 2017. They only fought once in 2018. Santa Cruz hasn't gotten a stoppage victory since October of 2017 for Miguel Flores. Connects with the right hand. This one is scheduled for 12. Miguel Flores trained by Eron Navaro. Also Bobby Ben for Leo Santa Cruz. He's trained by his father, Jose Santa Cruz, who's been dealing with cancer for the past several years. And Santa Cruz got a very good reception here at the MGM Grand, deservedly so. He's certainly no stranger to fighting inside this building. also fought Jose Cayano on the co-main event of the biggest fight of all time Mayweather and Pacquiao back in May of 2015. Good exchange between the two. Flores came into this fight as much of a 40 to1 underdog. Right hand down the center of that find its mark for Santa Cruz. There you go. Left hook and a right by Santa Cruz. Chopping right hand for the 31year-old who now lives in Los Angeles. A right hand backing up Miguel Flores. And that will be the end of the [Applause] first. Listen into the corner of Miguel Flores. Nice, man. So excited. Okay, you used your faints good, son. But I want you to faint more. Okay, especially remember early, you don't have to do too many exchanges early. Okay, you had some nice ones, but I want you to use those faints more. Use the jab more. Just stay nice and responsible on your defense. All right, get your body working when you can. But hey, hey, those faints are working real nice. Remember, circle that to your right. Okay, can't make those adjustments. Right. Keep that hook nice and tight for me. All right. Take a deep breath. Hey, that was a good first round, son. Remember, paint. All right. A little wide on these shots with your knee close. Right. One [Music] more. Getting set for round two between Miguel Flores and Lao Santa Cruz. Our co-feature night still to come Deontay Wilder and Luis Ortiz rematch for the WBC Heavyweight Championship of the World. Ray Flores ringside here in Las Vegas. Three thrilled to be with all of you. Again, photos look very sharp in that first round. There you go. There we go. Keep walking. Miguel Flores keeping his distance, using his faints. We'll see if Leo can adjust. There's an overhand right by Santa Cruz. [Music] Floyd is using his jab. A right to the body by the 27y old. Miguel Flores turned pro just over 100 days after his brother Benjamin passed away from a fight. Said he fought on in his memory. And Aaron Navado said, "Look, with everything that Miguel Fotes has been through, no matter what the outcome of this is, he's still a champion. Floydes has strung together two knockout wins since losing back-to-back fights in 2017. Both of his losses have come by way of knockout. So, his last four fights have ended in a knockout. Last time he fought was back on June 29th. He stopped Lewis May. Two and two in his last four fights following a 22-0 start. And for Florida, it is his first fight here in Las Vegas. Unlike one Leo Santa Cruz, who this is his eighth fight here in the fighting capital of the world. Lap to the body by Flores. Santa Cruz always will shake his right hand, try to spring it and send a right hand down the center. Florida's looked sharp tonight though. Flores also works with snack supplements led by Victor Kanti. Snack supplementation helps to give plenty of nutrition to several fighters in including Caleb Plant who is in attendance, super middleweight champion of the world. Also your Dennis Ugas as well just to name a few. and also Luis Ortiz who will be fighting Deontay Wilder coming up next. Left hook to the body by Miguel Flores nearing the end of the second. We'll listen into the corner of the blue corner. [Applause] [Music] Hey. [Music] Hey. Pick up your punches. [Music] Hey, round number [Music] three. This one is scheduled for 12. There is an overhead shot. The MGM Grand packed and getting ready for Deontay Wilder and Luis Ortiz. There you see the connect percentage. Leo Sand Cruz very active 40% connect percentage for the three division world champion. I mentioned the names of Eric Morales, Jorge Ar, Juan Manuel Marquez, Canelo Alvarez as fighters who have been Mexican fighters. And there's a right hand down the center by Santa Cruz caught the attention of Miguel Flores who backed him up. Santa Cruz is hoping to become the fifth Mexican fighter to become a world champion in four divisions. Now, Chance Lao echoing here at the MGM Grand fight fans very familiar with Lao Santa Cruz who's been a pro for over 13 years. What a career that he has had. Wars against the likes of Carl Frampton, Abner Mis, one of boxing's most exciting fighters without question. There's a right uppercut that connected by Flores. Flores seems to be the bigger man, but Santa Cruz, no doubt. His volume of punches and he has a very good jab. Does Leo Santa Cruz threw a left to the body and answered and followed it up with a sweeping left hook upstairs. Now he's got Flores with his back on the ropes. Flores retreating as we near 65 seconds to go. And now Flores using his jab, varying the placement of his jab. [Music] There's an overhand right by Santa Cruz. Santa Cruz continuing to look for his openings. Santa Cruz smiling, enjoying this moment. Santa Cruz, a right sharp right hand that found its mark for Flores. [Applause] Tony Weeks will step in between the two. Miguel Flores with the looking for a right uppercut. And that ends the third. [Music] Round four. You know, Leo Santa Cruz when they asked him why he decided to move up to 130 lbs, he said, "I think my power is going to benefit me better here in the super featherweight division." So far, he has shown glimpses of his power, but Lao isn't really been known as a knockout artist. He's not a one punch knockout puncher like Deontay Wilder, like Luis Ortiz. Hey, Carl Frampton's in the house. I'm actually watching him. He's walking in and he's having fun. He will be sitting ringside. He's no stranger to Lao Santa Cruz. And who knows, maybe down the line we get Frampton Santa Cruz number three. I'd love to see that. Love to see Santa Cruz in there against Gary Russell, maybe Travante Davis. Who knows? A litany of options. Santa Cruz looking to try to chase down Miguel Flores. Flores boxing well. Good job by Santa Cruz to back up Miguel Flores. First round looked good for Flores and then Santa Cruz has taken control in the second and the third. Now we're into the fourth. Ray Flores ringside here in Las Vegas for Wild Ortiz 2. We are approaching the midway mark of the fourth and as you saw in the preview piece on Miguel Flores that an ankle injury derailed the plans of their meeting back in February. But now they are battling here tonight in Las Vegas. Santa Cruz is using head movement. Santa Cruz says he fights for his dad. His dad has been dealing with bone cancer for three years. Left hook to the body by Santa Cruz. They both are close distance. They'll tie up. A right hand down the middle by Santa Cruz. Santa Cruz throwing a high volume of punches. Santa Cruz throwing more, considerably more. Florida is looking for his openings, but he cannot sit back too much and wait. Tony Weeks warning about holding behind the head and round four is now in the distance. Round five between Santa Cruz and Flores. Our main event is up next. Nothing like a big prize fight here in Las Vegas. MGM Grand Garden Arena is buzzing. Round five, an overhand right that connects by Miguel Flores. That was probably his best punch in a few rounds. He's trained by Ernado who has known him since he was three years old. Santa Cruz. It's a family affair when it comes to the Santa Cruz uh family. You have his father Jose who is his trainer. Also Leo is the youngest of four brothers. Father and trainer Jose Santa Cruz, as we talked about, he's been dealing with bone cancer. He also has a brother, Jose Armando Santa Cruz, who boxed, had a professional record of 28 and five. Close distance now as Flores holding on to the right arm of Santa Cruz. Tony Weekes will step in between the two and he warns Flores about holding that right arm of Santa Cruz. 100 seconds left here in the fifth. Both men are from Mitakan, Mexico, but now they reside in the United States. Flores living in Houston. Leo in Los Angeles. Right hand to the body by Flores. There's a right hand for Santa Cruz. Good combination. But answering back was Miguel Flores. [Applause] And don't forget we have a very busy December to close out 2019. We will be at Barclay Center, also Ontario, California, then Atlanta, Georgia for Premier Boxing Champions action. Under a minute left here in the fifth. Taking a look at again. There's that big left hook on the top of the head by Miguel Flores earlier in the round. And now the chancel echoing here at the MGM grant. Big right hand by Leo Santa Cruz caught the attention of Flores. [Applause] A nice right hand down the center that connected right on the jaw of Miguel Flores. That's the end of the fifth. This is a close fight without question between Florida's and Santa Cruz. All depends on how you have it scored and what you go ahead and what your criteria is when it comes to judging. I think Santa Cruz is ahead, but not by much. Maybe three to two. They both have been ahead butt and Tony Weeks warns both about a headbutt. Thankfully, it wasn't. It looked bad, but no laceration whatsoever. Good left hook by Santa Cruz as he backs up Miguel Flores. A right hand down the center. Leo has a very quick right hand. He always shakes it and then he throws it right down the center quickly and rapidly at a short distance. Miguel Flores is showing that there is no way he should have been a 40 to1 underdog. Right hand, a left hook for Flores. Flores has been finding a home for that left hook and we saw it in the last run and we're seeing it now here in the sixth. And now Flores holding on to the right arm of Santa Cruz. And Tony Weeks looks over at Flores has to say, "You're holding." Well, Flores has picked up a thing or two in his 10 years plus as a professional. You would you believe that he turned pro at 17? And for Santa Cruz, nearly half of his fights have been world title bouts. He's 15-1 in those fights. He's undefeated here in Las Vegas. His only loss came at the hands of Carl Frampton at Barlay Center in Brooklyn back in July of 2016. And look at the pressure by Leo again on his front foot. 65 seconds remaining in the sixth. You know, fights like this, high volume of punching between the two. In my opinion, at least ringside, it's hard to judge because I am not a certified judge. But even judges, I think, have a hard time in terms of judging who landed the more effective punches, who was more the aggressor. And sometimes it's have it's 50% that Santa Cruz was the aggressor, 50% that Flores was the aggressor. Sometimes, you know, Flores has the lands the more eye-catching shot as a counter puncher. Just all depends on what you favor. Left hook to the body by Flores. Again, Flores is holding on to that right hand, that right arm of Santa Cruz. And Weeks looking at Flores and look while I mean do it while you can get away with it. Right hand that found its destination for Santa Cruz. That's the end of the [Applause] sixth. We'll go in and listen in to the corner of one nail. Move it. Move. Move. Move. Okay. [Music] [Applause] Come on. Keep coming [Music] forward. We want you to throw more. Well, they're telling Leo that they want him to pick up the pace. Miguel Flores and Lao Santa Cruz fighting for a vacant super featherweight championship. We are into the second half of the fight and the MGM Grand is packed. Fans awaiting our main event for the WBC Heavyweight Championship of the World with Deontay Wilder looking to become and looking to defend his title successfully. a 10th time. Miguel Flores and Leo Santa Cruz door first. If you're Santa Cruz, keep with intelligent pressure. Use your jam, throw the right hand, mix in the left hook. If you're Miguel Fes, he needs to become a little bit more active and can't necessarily wait too much. has him just over a minute has elapsed here in the seventh. Santa Cruz always has a high guard an overhand right that snuck through the guard of Santa Cruz for Flores. 50% of the way done here in the seventh. [Applause] Now Flores, if he's to beat Leo Santa Cruz, he's got to really start to work instead of waiting in singular shots. He did well in the first round, but Leo is, you know, what Leo brings to the table. High volume, aggressive, intelligent pressure behind the jab. will occasionally go to the body. A right hand that sprayed Flores [Applause] It's one of those fights that Leo does not want to make a tactical error. He's being calculated with his pressure and he doesn't waste much movement. Does Leo a left hook that grazed Flores? So, we're here at 130 lbs. Coming up, the heavyweights. And if I was a betting man, I would say it's not going the distance. But I have been wrong before as we are nearing the end of round seven between Santa Cruz and Flores. Lao picking up the pace and seems to be in control. [Music] We are into round number eight between Lao Santa Cruz and Miguel Flores, Ray Flores ringside here in Las Vegas. Again, that is not any relation to me whatsoever is Miguel Flores. Left hook to the body is Flores. But back comes Santa Cruz. Santa Cruz ping away on the body of Miguel Flores. [Applause] Tony Weeks steps in between the two. If you're Flores, you have to be thinking, look, I don't want to let this world tide opportunity slip past me. Over and [Applause] right by Leo Santa Cruz. [Applause] Well, good to hear. We heard some a little bit of commotion and it is and now a point being deducted by Miguel to Miguel Flores for holding that right arm. Well, Flores was holding on to that right arm of Leo Santa Cruz for quite some time. Tony Weekes had seen enough and deducted a point. Now they are really unloading. There was a little bit of a buzz in the arena in between rounds. Why? It's because Mike Tyson just walked in. A big sweeping right hand for Leo Santa Cruz. [Applause] Santa Cruz I feel now has taken control in this fight showing that he is I mean there's a reason why Leo Santa Cruz has had nearly half of his career world title fights and I would say that Leo still showing no signs of slowing down. He outworks you. He's intelligent pressure. Not much wasted motion. And if you're Flores, you got to start to throw. I know it's easier said than done, but it's one thing to survive at this level, and it's another thing to go out and win the title. And if you get photos, you don't want to wake up tomorrow and say, "Man, if I would have just thrown more punches and let my hands go more." There's a left hook by Santa Cruz, followed by a right hand as Leo plows forward. A right hand smacking back the head of Miguel Flores. Coming up on round number nine as round eight draws to a close. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] And there is Mike Tyson, Iron Mike. No stranger to fighting here at the MGM Grand. I remember when he came back after during his comeback after being released from jail when he knocked off Peter McNeely in emphatic fashion. When Tyson fought, there was an electricity in the air. I'm a little bit too young to have been in attendance for any Mike Tyson fight, but boy was it special. Watching on television right back on your game, sir. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Round number nine. This one is scheduled for 12. [Applause] [Music] Tony Weeks warning both about hitting below the belt. There's a right hook by Santa Cruz. Left hook to the body by the 31-year-old, the three division world champion Leo can join can become the fifth Mexican fighter to win a world title in four divisions. There's a right hand down the middle. Santa Cruz. And now a shot below. What is What is it? I think it was a shot below the belt. It was inadvertent. Not intentional. You see Tony Weeks is sweating. Well, try keeping up with these super featherweights. Leo, world champion at 118, 122, 126, and now aiming to become a champion and take home this vacant title. Flores coming forward, but so far after the first in the few first few rounds, it was Lao who started to take over with his pressure and he's been having Miguel Fis fight off his back foot throughout the majority of this contest. test. Miguel Flores is in tip-top shape, but got to let his hands go. You're not going to beat someone like Leo Santa Cruz by just waiting too much. You got to find your openings. We are in the final minute of the ninth. Coming up, our main event, Deontay Wilder, Louise King Kong Ortiz. Expect fireworks in that one. It could end at any moment. There we go. There we go. Final 10 seconds of this ninth round between Lao Santa Cruz and Miguel Flores. There's a right hand that caught the attention of Flores as they both swing and end at the bell. Round 10 on the [Applause] way. Main event. It was It's a rematch from their epic March 2018 matchup. The team of Luis Ortiz said it was taken away from us the first fight. Now destiny is in our hands and we will no doubt become the heavyweight champion of the world. But that man right there. Deontay Wilder has other plans. [Music] There is Deontay Wilder working with Mark Breelin, Olympic gold medalist. and also former world champion. [Music] Round 10. This one scheduled for 12. Lao Santa Cruz and Miguel Flores. Let's go. You hear the corner of Leo Santa Cruz telling him, "Let's go Leo." Got a head breath. Cut. Head right. Accidental cut. Oh, there's a cut outside the left eye. Oh, that is awful. Oh, you hate to see that. The reason why I say that is because cuts like that could impair. And now Flores throwing his hands, letting his hands go. But cuts like that could keep you away from the gym. And Lao is fought twice this year. You want to see him come back as soon as possible. But that cut is starting to drip into the eye of Lao Santa Cruz's left eye. The blood is starting to seep into his left eye. I stand corrected. [Music] [Applause] 70 seconds have ticked off the clock. We'll see if Flores can take advantage of this opportunity as Leo is dealing with the blood coming into his left eye. Just over the halfway mark of the 10th. Florida isn't doing much and and again it's the mentality of you have to take the title and maybe he's thinking too much. which I mean it's a different level here fighting a Leo Santa Cruz but Flores you know is prepared well with Aaron Navado and Bobby Benton but does he have that ability to really turn it on against Leo Santa Cruz and so far the answer has been no Leo methodical in his pursuit not wasting much motion. Well, I'll tell you what. And Tony Weekes warns about hitting behind the head. Get ready for the heavyweights. Deontay Wilder, Luis Ortiz, the rematch. It is going to get loud here at the MGM Grand Garden Arena. And look at Leo end it with a flurry. And Leo concludes the 10th. [Applause] [Music] Take a look at when the cut out. That's a nasty cut right above the left eye of Leo Santa Cruz. We'll see. Boom. Right there. And that's when the blood started seeping. That's a bad cut and one that we hope will not keep Leo Santa Cruz out of the gym for a long time. But that's a bad cut. But Leo would come back and as he does a flurry at the end as only he can. Santa Cruz pound pine away upon Miguel Flores. [Applause] Round 11. This one is scheduled for 12. Lao Santa Cruz and Miguel Flores. I have Santa Cruz ahead comfortably and especially when look at this. Now Flores is starting to really pick up the pace. Better late than never. Flores is a a very kind young man, a class act. Even to get to the stage is an accomplishment, but it's one thing to get to the stage, it's another thing to really show that you are world championship material. Not to say that Miguel Flores cannot get back to fighting for a world title, but he certainly hasn't been as active as Leo Santa Cruz has been here in this super featherweight matchup. And Leo still he's blinking a lot because you could tell that the blood is affecting his vision. That was caused from an accidental headbutt. be should be Gary Russell Jr. It's the fight. They've developed some animosity between the two. They're both stylistically Russell so fast, so quick. Santa Cruz is high volume of punches, but tonight hasn't been the easiest night at the office against Miguel Flores, who is a formidable opponent. Just over the halfway mark of our 12th and final round, and Florida's actually shook out his right hand. I'm curious to see if he did if he injured it and if he will throw it in the last minute 15 because he shook it and it's in a way that Oh, left nice left hook for Miguel Flores. Flores landed that left hook earlier in the first few rounds and since that time Leo made a nice adjustment and made it difficult for Flores to connect upon that. around. Miguel Flores and Leo Santa Cruz will likely fight to the scorecards. [Music] Left hook for Miguel Flores. and Lao expect him to turn it up late as he's done in the 9th 10th and 11th final moments of our co feature. Leo Santa Cruz and Miguel Flores they are slugging it out again. Santa Cruz and Flores fight to the battle. And that is the end of what was a fun matchup between two Mexican fighters who respect each other. Great display. Both class acts. But Neo Santa Cruz look terrific here this evening in Las Vegas. And there is Miguel Flores speaking with Jose Santa Cruz, the father of Lao Santa Cruz. Aaron Nevada goes over the trainer of Miguel Flores signing a respect and taking a look at some of the action. Left hooks to the body by Miguel Flores. Lao answered back with that overhand right. Sharp crisp over the top. Left hook by Leo Santa [Music] Cruz. Both trading and there is the holding of the right arm. That was when Tony Weeks deducted the point as you saw that Miguel foot is holding on to the right arm of Leo Santa Cruz. There's that left hook to the body by Miguel Flores. [Music] Backing up, Leo Santa Cruz. And we're taking a look at some of the action. A right hand that connected right down the center. And back came Santa Cruz. Santa Cruz bunches in bunches. He's so emblematic of what it is to be a Mexican fighter. And now it's interesting to see what happens with the scorecards. Your judges, Eric Cheek, Dave Moretti, and also we'll send it to Ring or Jimmy Lennon Jr. 12 rounds of action. We have a unanimous decision. Here are the score totals. Judge at ringside, Tim Cheetum, scores the bout 115 to 112. Judges Glenn Feldman and Julie Letterman both score the bout 117 to 110. All three in favor of the winner. He is now a four-weight division world champion and the new WBA super featherweight champion of the world, El Termoto, Lao Santa Cruz. So Leo Santa Cruz joins the likes of Eric Morales, Juan Maro Marquez, Poras, and Canelo Alvarez to become the fifth Mexican to win a world title in four divisions. What a moment for Lao Santa Cruz scores 115 112 and 1170 by both judges. Excellent job done by the judging here this evening. And here's Heidi Entrol. Made some room at home for a little more hard work. Congratulations. I know how much this opportunity, this move up meant to you. What is this moment like for you? It means the world to me, you know. Thank you to all the fans for the support. This is for you guys. If it wasn't for you, I wouldn't have done this. But, you know, today, uh, there are no excuses, but I didn't feel myself today. I I didn't perform like I wanted to, but I'm going to keep working in the gym and I'm going to come back and in 2020 I won the big fight. I won Gary Russell. I won Jervant David in 2020. Why do you think you didn't feel yourself? Was it the move to 130? Was it being at this weight? Or was there something else? Uh there was something else about I don't like putting excuses. I don't like putting excuses, but it was I didn't feel myself today. But you know, I'm glad I got the victory. Miguel's a great fighter. He came and gave me a tough fight. Like I said, uh the people that saw him know that he's not a pushover, that he came to fight and that's what he proved. So, Miguel, congratulations, Miguel, for committing a great fight. Well, you put on a great fight, too. In terms of this one, you know, you have to decide. The WBA will mandate whether you remain the featherweight champion or you stay at 130 30 lbs and stick with that belt that's around your shoulder as the super featherweight champion. What do you want to do? I want to stick at 130. I want to stick at 130, but close. We're going to improve. We're going to go to the gym and work what we didn't do in this fight. And we won the big fights in 2020. We want, like I said, I want Gary Russell or Javante Davis. Jervant is obviously moving up. You would want Javvante Davis to move back down to 130 lbs for that fight. I take it. Of course, if he's willing to move down or I'll go up to 135 and fight him there. But, you know, we got to get make that fight happen. You would go up to 135 and fight him? Yes, of course. I'll move up there and I'll I'll do it. Make it five. Yes, make it five. And I'm going to show the world that I'm not scared of nobody. I like it. Congratulations on a great win. You join an amazing class of fighters. the fifth Mexican to win titles in four divisions.