Kind: captions Language: en Thanks, Mo. July 19th is going to be fireworks on PBC on Prime pay-per-view. The champion, Sebastian Fondora, the former title holder, Tim Zoo, in a rematch of one of 2024's all action best fights. Sebastian, you stop Cordell Booker in this building a few months back. You had your choice of big names. Why Tim Zoo? Why part two come July 19th? Because that's what the fans want. I think it's great for boxing. Our last fight was a great fight. Uh this fight's going to be a great fight. It's a great fight for boxing. step into the ring. That first fight was epic. A cut on the forehead of Zoo. You overcame damage and still got your hand raised in your biggest win to date. Are we going to see the same blood and guts fireworks the second time around? Is that too much to ask in this rivalry? You know, maybe we have to. Maybe we have to. You know, that last fight, like I said, was a great fight. You know, uh uh maybe we have a maybe after after this one, we have a trilogy. So, you know, we could be these legendary fights. I can I feel it. I feel in my bones. Tim Zoo, you had some setbacks last year, but you came back against Joey Spencer and let everybody know who you still are. How different are you though from the first time you stepped in last year against Fondora to where you'll be July 19th? Yeah, you learn you learn a lot more from your from your losses for sure, you know, and uh adversity has taught me a lot of things and I'm glad to be back in this position, back on the big stage and fighting for the world title again. Do you look back much on that first fight? It it was a different unique circumstances with the cut. Do you throw away the script and focus on an entirely new game plan the second time around? Well, like you you can you can take parts of it, you know. Me and me me and Sebastian put one hell of a show, you know. We went through we both went through fire and uh it's a he's a type of dance partner that you need, you know, and uh I'll I'll take the good, I'll take the bad, and uh I'll put on round 13. Sebastian, the first 12 rounds, we can't stop talking about how epic they were, but you learned something about somebody when you endure and co-author a fight like that. What did you learn about Tim Zoo? He's a warrior. He's a warrior. And that's why we deserve a rematch because we want to show the fans another great round, another great 12 rounds. You could argue you're the power player, the face of this division, formerly the unified title holder. You're calling the shots here for big fights. Maybe people didn't think that coming in the first fight. How impressed are you with what you've turned in over the past year to raise your profile among the elites. Uh I'm not impressed. It's just that's what we train for. Everybody trains to become a world champion where now we're in the position as a world champion. So, you know, this is how boxing is. You know, the top gets to call the shots. Tim, on this July 19th rematch, what will it say about the winner and where they stand in this division in your eyes? Well, right now he's got the number one pound-for-pound in 154, you know, and the winner takes that crown, you know. It's quite simple. The co-main event on an absolutely loaded July 19th PBC on Prime pay-per-view here in Las Vegas. Sebastian Bondura, Tim Zoo, part two. Don't miss it.