Kind: captions Language: en underway right now. First fight of the night. We go to the tail of the tape with Victor Sloinsky versus Rioberto Emeraldio as we get underway here with super featherweights at the MGM Grand Garden Arena. Leinsky the older man at the age of 29. Emerald Seio the taller man at 5'9. Again, both coming in at 127 12 lbs. We're getting underway here in Las Vegas. Let's go to Jimmy Lennon Jr. [Music] Ladies and gentlemen, a very good evening to you and we welcome you to the MGM Grand here in Las Vegas, Nevada, as Premier Boxing Champions presents the prelude to our big night of auction. It's Fact Fox Sports BBC pay-per-view, The Prelims. We're ready for our opening attraction. Our judges are ready at ringside. As appointed, we have Tim Cheetum, Chris Miglori, and Glenn Trobridge. All right, fans. Here we go. Six rounds of boxing super featherweights in the ring. Introducing to you first on my right, fighting out of the red corner, wearing dark blue trunks with white trim, fighting out of Victorville, California by way of Laara Haliscoco Meico. He weighed in at 127 and 12 lbs with a record of 11 wins, one loss, and one draw. He has eight wins coming by way of knockout. Introducing Rioberto [Applause] Eeros. His opponent across the ring is fighting out of the blue corner wearing blue trunks with gold trim. Fighting out of Los Angeles by way of Nikolai Ukraine. He weighed in at 127 and 12 lbs. He is undefeated in his campaign to the ring with a record of 10 wins, no losses, one draw. Six of his wins coming by way of knockout. Please welcome the undefeated Victor Slavinski, a referee in charge now to give instructions. Robert Bird one. Gentlemen, I gave you instructions in the dressing room. Only thing I remind you of now and I tell you stop. What that means is stop whatever you're doing. Give me a clean break. Protect yourself at all times and obey my commands at all times. Now, anything on the belt and above is going to be good. It's on the belt here and above. It's going to be good. Gentlemen, let's do this. First fight here on FS2. First of four and then we'll jump over to the pay-per-view. Brian Kenny with Lennox Lewis and Joe Gusen. Here are unified rules as we get underway. And the crowd will slowly fill in here. Should be a pretty good crowd here tonight at the MGM Grand. Again, Victor Sloinsky, Romeo, Emerald Seal. Lennox, how are you doing? I'm doing good. Joe, you ready? Oh, Brian, come on. You were ready last night. Yeah, exactly. For the past couple days. I I haven't slept. I'm so excited to work with you. Number one, Atlantic, of course, for this great heavyweight fight coming up uh tonight. Sitting next to one of the legendary heavyweights. So, I don't think I give you enough credit, baby. You're so kind. No, no, you're one of the greatest. I watched you when I was a little kid. What I'm watching, you're older than me. No one knows that. underway here against Sloinsky and Riberto Moscia. In the corner for Slovenky is Jose Santa Cruz, Leo's father who is battling bone cancer. So, we weren't even sure Joe Gusen, would we see Jose Santa Cruz able to go up and down the steps? It is a physical job, but it's good to see he feels healthy enough to do that. Yeah, thank God for that. He he looked healthy when we saw him. You know, looks like he's his weight is up and, you know, he he he looked very happy and content that his uh son's fighting. No, I I'm very happy for the family. Slovenky in the blue and yellow. Mosio in the dark blue. Battle of southpaws here to open things up. Sloinsky opening up immediately with a sharp jab. Joe, when you're sizing up young fighters like this and look, these guys have good records. Sinsky 100 and one just one pro loss 111 and one. What do you look for early to try to size up? Hey, how close are these guys in terms of skill? Well, number one, you you look at their records, but number two, they aren't such young kids. Sloinski is 29 and Anamosio is is 27 years old. So, they're they're kind of late bloomers. And and to tell you the truth, Hermosio actually fought Manny Robas the third, who's going to be fighting for a WBA featherweight uh uh championship uh tonight somewhere in the world. So, uh you know, he's been in with the undefeated Manny Robas, who's 17-0, and had a split decision against him. So these guys are a little advanced uh even though their records are not prolific. Levitinsky coming in out of Ukraine. A lot of them will build up a a long amateur record before turning pro. That has happened to a lot of top fighters and a lot of guys who are a little lower down the ladder as well. And this is a six round fight, first of six. But again, both guys sharp action so far looking to establish the jab. And Slovenky slips in on yet another jab, doubling up on the jab. And to kind of get back to your question real quick, we got a little time here, Brian. Uh, you know, most southpaws don't fight other southpaws. They usually fight right-handers. So, it takes a little bit more time to figure out another southpaw because of course right-handers are the staple for most left-handers. You're very cognizant of that. He brought that, Lennux, he brought that up to like everybody through the fighter meetings like, "Do you like southpaw? Do you go after Southpaws?" And you're saying, "What? Stay away from Southpaws." Look, that's because he's probably trained a lot of Southpaws, so he's very intimate with them and knows knows them well. Yeah. And and I didn't mean to step on you there, L. What I was going to say is I I I love training southpaws. I hate fighting them because they're the opposite image, you know, that you normally work with on a daily basis. So they're they're difficult when they face each other as well. Step up fight here in round number one. Final 30 seconds. Again, both with good records. Slapping right hand there by Sloinski. These guys look strong. I mean, especially Slovenky at 130 lbs. Yeah, very strong. And you got to you got to understand for 126 pounder is 5'9. He's very very tall. So round number one again we've got four fights here on FS2 and then a big four of course culminating on the pay-per-view with Deontay Wilder and Luis Ortiz. So here we are ringside. Brian Kenny with champ Lennox Lewis, Joe Gusen as well. Great to see you fellas. I mean it's exciting to be here and let's back things up first. This is the the rare air, Lennox. Heavyweight title fight. Two guys will slug here in Las Vegas. It's a big big night. Oh, big night. I'm looking forward to it. I mean, the first fight was very exciting. Now, these guys had a couple years to go back and learn their craft. Now, they're coming back and basically showing what they've learned and probably coming out with different punches, a different strategy. So, I'm excited to see this. Well, Wilder went through the cauldron in that fight, Joe. That's got to serve him well where he almost got stopped in the seventh round. Wilder finished that out, but he had to go through a lot of adversity. That's right. Now, and you brought up a point. You said, you know, Wilder got hurt by maybe a less than in top in shape Ortiz, you know, and tonight that what's going to happen if he gets by a full-fledged in shape Ortiz? Well, time will tell. We'll find find that out. But it's going to be a great fight. I like how Wilder all throughout say, well, I didn't get hurt. I got buzzed. It's like you were getting rocked and rolled all around the ring. You fighter has to say, "Well, he never really hurt me." Well, yeah, but he he got hurt in that round. Well, you know, when you get buzzed, the other guy knows that you're buzzed and he's he's throwing all kinds of punches at you. So, uh you know, you have to survive for a minute until you get your head together. Round two here again, just getting underway. I mean, that is the added attraction, Lennox, is that look, we love skillful boxing and that sort of thing. And Wilder is a very I mean, Ortiz is a very good boxer. Wilder is more of a slugger, but they are going to trade tonight. I mean, we know that's going to happen. Oh, they are. You know, uh, Deontay's got a a a great knockout ratio, so I'm thinking he's going to try and keep that ratio. He's he's number one at the moment. Combination there by Slovenky. Vanosio there with a left hand over the top. MS is kind of keeping his head in one spot. So, he's not really moving his head side to side. He needs to. That's why he's getting cracked with that right hook by uh uh Slovenki. See Slovenky, too, sneaking in that body shot. Legal. He was in there as he fires off another jab. That's he's he's looking to land at all times. Both these guys are very skilled. And that was a good left hand landed by Sloinski. So far in this round, Slovinski's landed a couple of great right hooks and a very sharp left hand. So, he's he's beaten uh Adamos to the uh to the punch. Hard shots, too, Joe. And there's another one. You're right. That that right hand is lethal. Comes off with the hook right off the jab nicely. Now he fires in the left. Is he right-handed, you think? What's your guess? Cuz I don't I don't know the answer to that question. Doesn't he Slovitzki? Does he look right-handed even though he's fighting southpaw? That's a strong right hand. Usually it's pretty hard to be that efficient of a counter puncher as he is if you're converted. Uh he looks like a natural southpaw to me only because everything's coming off so fluid. Hm. Okay. Uh-huh. And uh I guess the only way we'll find out if I go over to the corner and ask his coach. But uh Slavinsky to me right now is basically the more active. He's got a lot of movement to his upper body. See like right there he made that nice slip off that left hand. Came back with his left. So right now he's being a lot more evasive than the reason why he's not getting hit. I'm just saying I'm using it as a compliment, Joe, because that that right hand, he's throwing uppercuts, hooks, you know, nice stiff jabs straight up the middle. Well, just like right-handers that can throw a great right hand and a great left hook. You you can get the same thing from a south. They're not limited just a straight hand. You know, some guys are just complete fighters. They can throw any type of that great counter hook again. Another counter as well. A lot of guys, especially in this era of UFC and and martial arts, they will put their strong hand out front. scheduled for six. Action picking up here. Victor Sinski knocked back there for a second, but another good round here as we open up here on [Music] [Applause] FS2. Heat. Heat. [Music] We are in Las Vegas. Joe, that's the Hoover Dam, right? Yeah, I think so. You're You're a worldly man. I can ask you these things. Yeah. Yeah. Well, if it is, I've crossed it a few times. Yeah. We were talking about our main event a little later on on our pay-per-view here on Fox pay-per-view. And we put out this Twitter poll. You can join us on Twitter. Let us know who you have. Will Wilder by knockout. Wo, it's 71%. Uh Ortiz by knockout. 19%. No one going decision, fellas. Look at that. Yeah, you can tweet your vote to PBC on Fox. Let us know what you think. But people are wildly favoring Deontay Wild. Guess it makes sense. But that was a that was a tough fight. It was it was a tactical fight which which kind of you know with the exception of the seventh rounder really escaped a lot of damage you know in that fight. So by the time he actually got to the knockout, you know, it was a lengthy fight. You know, it went some rounds because the strategy of Wilder was employed and he made Ortiz work for every punch. Tell you what, he was uh At le spoke about this as again we're in round three here scheduled for six. In the early rounds, especially early going, Deontay Wilder had his feet way spread out. He was in the defensive posture in the f at least in the very early round. Yeah, he was. I mean, he was trying to get used to uh Ortiz and and figure him out. And he realized that, you know, he wanted to spread his ground a little bit and see how that worked. And it was working for him a little bit. You know, Ortiz wasn't able to take advantage of it. in a fascinating headweight picture over a sharp shot by Slovinsky there coming over the top. Yeah, it was and and then right before the bell of the last round, uh Hermosio landed a good left hand and it actually got Slovki a little aggravated. He came back really strong and landed his own right before the bell rang. So, they're starting to trade left hands right now, not just the hooks. Slovitzki in the blue and yellow and Rioberto Enosio in the dark blue. And you see the copy box stats. Levitzki getting the slight edge there according to the punch stats. He's landed uh my belief at least some of the harder shots in the fight. Absolutely. Well, you saw right there. They both really threw a couple of scorching left hands at each other and they both slipped at the same time. The punches went over the shoulder, but they're really loaded up, right? And you know, it's really coming down to who's really accurate with their left hand and who lands first is going to be the hurt hurt one. Hands up. Hands up. Yeah. Right now I I I don't know. I I think you guys might agree. I think you know won most of these rounds so far. He's he's definitely pushing the action moving forward. One right here. One two right here. Robert Bird instructors didn't like push back. Good job, Victor. Jab jab, Victor jab. See Slovinsky also, he's using some really good things coming out. He's he's he's making his body kind of work a little bit and and he's trying to get Heros to drop his hands or to put his head in a position where he can off left hand there by Sloinski. Probably the hardest shot of the fight. Snaps the head back. Good crisp action here. withdrew three rounds in Las Vegas. [Applause] [Music] for him. Don't worry. [Music] out. [Music] Hands up. Let's go. [Music] Back here in Las Vegas, Brian Kenny ringside with Lennox Lewis, Joe Gusen, and we're in round number four. Good scrap so far. That is Victor Sloinski in the blue and yellow and Rigberto Mosio in the dark blue. And good action in that last round. And a couple of good scoring shots by Slovenky, Joe, in that last round as well. Yeah, like I said, they're both really starting to load up. And um Slovinsky is really pressing the action right now. And you know, he's backing up uh uh what's his name? Emmerilio. And uh you know, really landing the better shots. I think Sinsky is better better watch out when he's coming in because he's he's coming in, but he's kind of showing that he wants to get in there with a with a power shot. So, he's indicating his move before he comes in. Yeah, he is. But he's also trying to faint his way in and to get uh Henosil to, you know, drop his hands or to move into position. See right there, he's not too anxious. He's trying to set him up and just like he did right there with that right hand. You got exactly the right hook. So I I think right there, good left hand. I think Slovenk is the smarter guy here even though he is coming forward. But you're right, you got to be careful because Mosio is a good puncher and he's got, you know, eight eight knockouts in his uh uh 13 fights. The corner was telling Slovki to jab more and when he does jab seems to be effective on another left hand over the top. He gets driven back. Everyone see a good counter puncher. He is uh but I got to tell you uh Slovenk's pretty elusive. He's he's making him miss quite a bit. And if I were in the corner of Amrosio, I'd really be saying, "Hey, you got to stop getting backed up. You got to push this kid kid backwards because he's really beaten to the middle. So right there you got to get rough getting close and that's probably where Harold Seal will get his best work done. Right here he should be working not trying to push off right and you know what I noticed about is the fact that when he's throwing that overhand left sometimes he's he's off balance and he has to be careful. He is but he did just land one right as you were saying that was here with a good jab as well as he starts to pick up the intensity here in round number four. I'm with you Joe. I I think Sloinski's winning most of these rounds. There's a good jab. Snaps the head back on. Yeah, he landed a Slovinsky landed a hook before he threw that jab. By the way, he's just beaten Hermosio with the punch. That's all there is to it. He's just a quicker, smarter fighter. And see, I you know, they both got upper body movement, but I think that the quick twitch is coming from Slovinski. And I'd be very happy if I was in a corner right now. I'd say just keep doing what you're doing and don't get sloppy. Don't drop your hands in an exchange. defense active and strong. Has a good arsenal, good offensive weapons that he's using trying to close the gap here, but so far seems to be Sloinsky and looks like a cut. Looks like a cut right now again. Uh, it was a headbutt. We'll come back and take a look. Next up though, that is Deontay Wilder's younger brother, Marcelus Wilder. Cruiserweight, five and one. He is up next. We'll get to see Deontay's brother in the ring coming up here on FS2 again. The pay-per-view event live here at the MGM in Las Vegas. Heavyweight Championship of the World. Deontay Wilder defending his belt against Luis King Kong Ortiz. It is 900 p.m. Eastern, 6 Pacific. You can order right now on the Fox Sports app. That's the heavyweight championship. The co-feature is Leo Santa Cruz against Miguel Flores Santa Cruz, one of the top fighters in the world. And here is the cut. How did this happen, Joe? You saw this just before the No, you saw they were in close with each other right there in the last few seconds. And you'll see their heads come together and clash. It was not from a punch right there. See? So, uh, made a big dip. Oh, no. It was right there. It was right there. Their heads just clashed after a small exchange on the inside. It's no big deal. But well, you know, you can open up that skin very easily right on top of that eyebrow there. So, Victor Sloinsky fighting well here. Round number five is only scheduled for six. They had to get to work in this corner. Seems like they sealed that up. I don't see any blood flowing down toward the eye right now. No, they they're probably using what's what's legal to use in in Nevada, which is it's a a couple of solutions. Adrenaline uh topical solution 1 to 10,000. And then you got another medicine called thromben which you can use and an avatine. So you got some very potent uh blood uh stuff that will stop the bleeding and uh they probably applied that in the corner. Good training there by Seio. Hall of Famer Larry Hazard is with our crew here tonight. Larry, good to have you aboard. Larry, your thoughts on how that just happened there and how that affects this fight. Well, right now I have a head 40 to 36. He's pitching a shut out and as Joe said, the heads came together, but I don't think it's going to have any effect on um Slovenki in terms of uh maintaining control of the fight. He's very fundamentally sound as Joe and Lennis have said and he's making the fight. He's coming forward using a lot of body movement and he's punching in combination. That's what I think is keeping him ahead in this. I don't see any problems. Larry, thank you very much. We'll be going to you throughout the night pay-per-view as you see now the blood is starting to open up and flow. Lennox, I guess that's the main issue, right? If it's flowing in your eyes, then it becomes very bothersome. Well, you know, it it really urges on the next fighter because he sees the blood and it it makes him feel like he's going to win the fight or he's doing something right. and and he also realizes his father as well, you know, because he feels the blood on his head, so he's going to be a little bit worried. Yeah, it's certainly an enticement to go after that cut, you know, as as the opponent. And you also figure maybe if I landed a couple more solid shots on that cut, the referee might stop the fight or the doctor might stop the fight because the cut's so bad. There's a there's a few few incentives that you have when you're going after a Slovki. No, no question. Also handling himself very well. Seems to be very experienced in that, but it does bother you at a certain point. You've got a got blood now flowing down the bridge of his nose and right on the inside of the eye. Seems to be handling it like a pro. Good shot by Mosio. No, exactly right, Brian. Um, if this was a 12 round fight, it might come into play. But, you know, we're almost through 20 seconds left in the fifth round. We got one more round. He's not going to have a problem surviving that and he'll probably come away from that. You know, that said, seems to be having his best round right now. Do you agree? I agree with that. And I told you because of the cut, you know, that spurs you on. It makes you feel good and you you know, you come forward and it affects it affects it affects the puncher as well. [Music] Let's go into the corner right now against Leavinsky. Is cut. The cut man is Ramon Morales in there with Jose Santa Cruz. [Music] Right now they're applying some medicine to stop to apply large pressure while applying the tongue. All right, here we go. There's there's that clash of heads. Here's where it comes right there. Boom. See, and it was just a real close quarter cut. It was not a a big clash of heads. It was just small incidental contact. Doesn't take much. No. And again, they could go to the cards if the referee thought the fight should be stopped or the ringside position thought the fight should be stopped. I don't think we're anywhere near that. Um that they've closed that cut up. It's fine as long as he's not getting hit. But again, that is an incentive for he took advantage in that last round. And you have to remember, you know, when you're in a clinch, put your head down. You know, don't bring pick keep your head up because it it allows the other guy to again a clash of heads and if your head is down, you're going to get less damage. And final round now, they scheduled for six. So, this is the last round. So, basically building up what we believe to be a points lead. Larry Hazard certainly thinks that. Lennox, were you ever cut from the fight? Yes, I was. I had the holding field. Oh, right. Right. Right. How about is that the only time? No, a couple other times. couple other times, but I'm not really a breeder and I don't really get get too much into the close quarter uh punches, right? So, you know, most of my boxing is done from the distance. So, and from up above. Yeah. So, less chance of getting cut. Did you panic when you got Of course. Of course. Yeah. You know, it spreads concern. You do things that maybe you wouldn't do and sometimes you can't even see a punch because you know you're wiping the blood away from from the top of your eye. Good action here with two minutes to go. Sanio was revitalized after that cut opened up again just from the head button and Sloinsky was complaining to Robert Bird the referee about another butt and then Robert warned Emeril not to do anything to be careful with the [Applause] heads there. really hurt. I I think Robert is doing the right job though, too. Then let him fight out of that. You don't have to break him up. They can fight out. That's right. Well, Robert Perv's been around forever. He's a great veteran referee. And he comes from the old school where he lets the fighters fight. He'll he'll only interject himself when totally necessary. And that's the referee. Good sharp left hand there by Sinsky. Good body shot there by digging into the body. Certainly last two rounds he gets back at it. Good outing by Sloinsky in this one. He had to definitely face some adversity. Mosio is in it the whole time, but again just a more complete package offered by the man from Ukraine. And Slovinsky could sit on the lead and backtrack and box a little bit. But he's actually really they're exchanging some really heated punches here right at the end of the fight with 30 seconds left. So, you know, I like that about a fighter. He just doesn't sit on a lead and play defense. He's still trying to go for the knockout. Well, to the point you made earlier, Joe, that these aren't young guys now. It's a six round fight, but there's there could be championship possibilities somewhere in their future, but much more likely for the winner than the loser. Absolutely. Lot at stake here again. Final seconds. Good scrap to open things up. Victor Slovenky looked outstanding here tonight. Mosio stayed in it and a good outing and it may have outlanded Slavinski. I think that the company box stats have been interesting to me throughout. We don't see it going his way, but you've got to open up your mind slightly to some rounds being won. Right. I would I could conceivably give uh two rounds there. Yeah. But would you consider who won the last two rounds? Well, I might have given Sloinsky the fifth. I don't know necessarily about the six. I think there was a lot of action, but I saw Slovinsky landing some good punches as well as you got to leave it in the judge's hands at that point. I'm not a judge, but as a corner man, as a guy who's bring a lot of fight, you kind of get the feel of who wins the round or not. Lennox, what do you think of Svenky? Just his style, his future if he does get this win. What do you think of that? Yeah, I think you know what I love about him is, you know, when he's inside and he gets uh when he when he blocks a shot, he comes back with the punches. And and here you see him ducking his head after throwing a shot. Good overhand left. Another overhand left. And you know he he moved to the right. He moves to the right hand side. That's where I say he's off balance sometimes. So he has to be careful about that. Right. You're right about the off balance. But I got to tell you when that replay was kind of indicative of what happened most of the night. Slamsky was landing those big left hands right there. Um now the other thing about uh going someplace you know even though he is older Slavinsky these guys usually from the Ukraine and the the the uh the you know back then they have a lot of amateur experience hundreds and hundreds of fights 29 years old big night here we have the official decision. Let's go to the ring and Jimmy Lennon. Ladies and gentlemen after six rounds of action we have a unanimous decision. Here are the score totals. Glenn Trobridge scores about 58- 56. Chris Miglori scores about 59 to 55. And Tim Cheetum sees it 60- 54. All three in favor of the winner and still undefeated, Victor Sninski. That decision makes sense. Goes along with thinking a few rounds maybe go to, but Sloinski gets the win. Yeah, thought he won it. Uh but I didn't think he did enough work. I think he was uh maybe just playing up to the judges last year. Maybe get that last round of sports with the crowd, you know, to get some food some. I really don't think that Slovenky first fight in Las Vegas. It's a successful night. He'll have to get stitched up, but he does get the win. and a good action-packed night to start things off in what will be a long night of boxing culminating with the heavyweight championship of the world. Just getting started here in Las Vegas. We're back right after this.