Kind: captions Language: en The night of festive fista cuffs includes an encounter that promises to be hotter than chestnuts roasting on an open fire. Small in stature but big in entertainment value, the Philippines Marlon Topalis takes on Japan's Ryuskeasa in a 122lb tilt scheduled for 12 rounds. A winner of seven of his last eight fights, Aasa won a 122lb title when he stopped compatriate Yukori in six rounds in September of 2017. Now was rebounded from losing the strap to TJ Dohenny last year by beating Cesar Warez last February in his USA debut. Tonight, Iwasa tries to reverse his fortunes against fellow left-handers. All three of his losses have come against Southpaws. Topales has faced only two lefties in his last 20 fights and he's KO'ed both of those opponents. He won a 118lb title in July 2016 with a comeback knockout victory over Pong Long Singu. He's lost the belt though on the scales in April of 2017. He's won 12 straight since losing via majority decision and he stopped his last seven opponents a careerlong KO streak. This is his third straight fight on American soil. Al, provide us with the 411, please. It's very rare that in such a low weight class, you have such a big disparity in height and reach, but that's what we have here with Tales facing a big canyon to get past in terms of the height and reach. Not surprisingly, he says, "I want to get on the inside." And the rules for our fights tonight, no standing eight count, no three knockdown rule. The referee or doctor can stop the fight. A fighter cannot be saved by the bell in any round. If an accidental foul or headbutt causes a fight to end within four rounds, it's a no decision. After four rounds, they go to the scorecards for a technical decision. And now with the official introductions, here's Hall of Fame ring announcer Jimmy Lennon Jr. Ladies and gentlemen, a very good evening to you and we welcome you to Barclay Center here in Brooklyn, New York as Premier Boxing Champions presents a big night of action. And it's all brought to you by Lionsonly Promotions, TGB Promotions, and Showtime. We're sponsored by MGM Resorts and Brooklyn Boxing. And this bound to the ring is sanctioned by the IBF President Daryl Peoples supervisor Randy Newman. Introducing our three judges scoring from ringside from Connecticut, Frank Lombardi. From New York, Robin Taylor, and from New Jersey, Steve Weissfeld. Introducing our third man of the ring, the referee in charge of the action, we have Sha Murdo. All right, fans. Here we go. 12 rounds of boxing for the interim IBF Junior Featherweight World Championship. Introducing to you first on my left, fighting out of the red corner, wearing white trunks with green and blue trim. Joining us from Kashiwa Chiba, Japan, he weighed in at 121 and 12 lbs. His record stands at 26 wins, three losses with 16 wins coming by way of knockout. He is currently ranked the number one contender. Please welcome the former IBF junior featherweight champion of the world. Introducing [Applause] Rioskea and his opponent across the ring on my right. Finding out of the blue corner wearing black and gold animal print trunks hailing from Capatagon Lal Norte in the Philippines. He weighed in the same as his opponent 121 and 12 pounds. His record stands at 33 wins, two losses with 16 wins coming by way of knockout. Currently ranked the IBF number three contender. Please welcome the former WBO bantamweight champion of the world. Introducing Marlin, Nightmare [Music] Top. Once again, a referee in charge. He's now ready to give instructions. Shade Murdoch. Okay, the trunks are good. Trunks are good. Anything right here is all good. Anything right here is all good. As a reminder, obey the commands at all times. Protect yourselves at all times. When I call for the break, give me the clean break. Touch them up. Let's go. All right, here we go. Barclay Center kicking off the month of December. Happy holidays to everyone joining us for this triple header. And we promise we're getting things started off with a bang. Two Spitfires about to square off at 122 lbs. And here we go. Rioske Iwasa in the white with green and blue. Marlon Topales in the black and gold. A battle of southpaws to begin the proceedings here tonight. And Al, when you look at a matchup of two lefties, what what do you anticipate as being a a potential trend? Yeah, that's an interesting question because you don't see lefties all the time. I think it makes for a good matchup most of the time because just like two righties, they're well matched in terms of how they approach each other. And I these two especially, I think we're going to see a lot of action. You know, one thing a lot a lot of southp don't like to fight other southp, you know, just like right-handers don't see a lot of southps. Obviously southpaw also don't see a lot of southpaws and uh how many times can you say southpaw in that many sentences right you just broke the record having having said that Rioske I think all his losses we were going over yesterday have been two southpaws yes all three of them as we mentioned two of them via knockout Daniel Roman who's currently out with an injury he holds two of the 122lb belts while others with a title claim are Emanuel Navarete Ray Vargas and Brendan Figueroa both Tapalis and Iwasa of course a victory here will give them a pole position potentially at a crack at a full title in this weight class. It's a very talented division and these two these two men who are former champions uh really want a shot at that title and that's at stake tonight. In 2011, I was lost to Shinsuke Yamanaka, one of the best Japanese fighters of recent years, only AASA's ninth pro fight. And when you talk about one of the best boxers in the world, you have to mention unified bantamweight champion Noya Monster Inu, who's already conquered three weight classes. You know, Topales wants to get on the inside and we mentioned during the the um excuse me, the tale of the tape that he is facing a big height and reached his advantage, but he feels he can get on the inside and so far, Ron, he's been able to do it. They've just turned on the pilot life. They're waiting for the uh the water to to begin to come to a boil. Paulie, a very much a getting to know you round here in the final minute of our first frame scheduled for 12. Yeah, Tobales is uh actually I noticed him trying to set the same trap over and over again. He's trying to touch with the jab to the chest or to the stomach and then trying to shoot that left hand over the top. And basically what the point of that is to get try to get the eyes looking down and then sort of surprise you with the shot to the head. We'll see if he keeps trying and if he's able to have success. It's not a bad thing to try against a taller guy. Yeah, the squad hard-hitting Filipino long multi-dimensionally was he has a 6 and 1/2 in reach over to Palace and looking to take advantage of that throughout this fight. But here in round one, Topalis and Iwasa beginning to collect information and we will see what they have in store for us in round number two. turn. We'll take a look at the uh keys to victory issue these two fighters. Starting with Top Palace and what he needs to do to be successful. Wants to get on the inside, get past that that reach advantage. Once he's there, wants to be as physical as possible and uh push a washi around a little bit and make him feel his physicality. Now, the right uppercut is a terrific punch for him. Potentially a game changer in this fight. As for Aashi, he wants to control the range. Obviously, he did so pretty well in the first round. He's got a good jab to do that. Cannot afford to get himself on the ropes where Topales can really tee off. I've seen Topales really dominate fighters on the ropes. And the left hand, he's got a terrific left hand. And that was a punch that even uh Topalis's people said they're wary of the bell and round number two. Two former titleists inside the ring. Two former titleists in the respective corners. Shoji Kobayashi is in Iwasa's corner, a former super flyweight champion who retired in 2002. While foropoulos, he is trained by Rodell May, a former light flyweight champion who retired in 2012. You don't see that every fight. Very, very seldom. And both of them were terrific fighters obviously and they they both are very they they love the fighters they're training. You could feel from them when we talked to them that they really enjoy working with these men and think they're very talented. And here we have Iwasa attacking the shorter Topales with a combination as Tales leaned in and pace beginning to pick up a bit here in the second round as Iwasa tries to establish the jab. just glances the glove with the left cross. And that's the distance he wants wants to be at right there. You know, if he can keep Tales on the end of that jab and the end of those one, two crosses, he'll be having a comfortable night. And meanwhile, Tales out bouncing in trying to navigate the the the landmine, that length disadvantage, and trying to find some real estate of his own. Yeah, he wants to he wants to be working on the inside. So far, he hasn't been able to stay in there for any lengthy period of time. And it appears early on he was up being more adept at putting together the combinations and just really trying to set his own rhythm as Tales came back with an sharp counter right. But it is Oh, there's a nice left hand from Topales. It seems like Depales has more attempts at the explosive shots while Iwasa just wants to sort of be in control. Um not looking so much for the explosiveness, but just looking for the the conventional shots that Yeah, the consistency. Yeah, the consistency. Exactly. He'll be happy if he can just keep it with ones and one twos. It's the Palace looking for the big hooks. And uh was it at the belt line with that lead right and again to Palace Al finding a home for that chopping overhand left. You know, most people would have thought to's right hook and that right uppercut I talked about would be the most effective weapon. So far, it's been the left hand. And he was again sticking out that jab. Lead right uppercut misses. And there a windmill left hand by Topalis. So we're seeing an uptick in the offense here with less than 40 seconds remaining in the second round. Topales leading with that catapult left. And I was again just beginning to probe with the jab. And you see it's not always Tales who's attacking. Washi's doing a good job of pushing him back from time to time. Again, Top Palace trying to score with that naked lead left. There's a sweeping left hook by Iwasa. So, the the water now percolating as we head to round number three, Barclay Center in Brooklyn. Let's go to Jim Gray. World titles. Don't want to look too far ahead, but uh you've got Matt to get past, but are you catch your eye a little bit on this main event? Absolutely. He's got a world title belt, and that's what I want. Um Canelo, GGG, all the big names in the middleweight division. I'm coming, Mr. Charlo, as well. Good luck, Chris. All right, back out to you, Marl. All right, James, speaking of the world, we have Japan's Rioke Iwasa against the Philippines. Marlin to Palace going at it at 122 lbs. Awasa coming off a career-long 294day layoff and putting together as sturdy a game plan thus far as one could ask as he's unloading with a couple of power shots there. Both men landing good shots. We we asked uh uh Kales a lot of lefties to spar with. He said, "You know what? Since Manny Pacquiao, everybody in the Philippines and he's been inspire Tales has been inspired by the fact that his teammate John Reel Casemro just won a title recently." And uh of course that adds to the motivation right now as we speak. Four belt holders hail from the Philippines. The person this fight in this round is getting comfortable at at that middle range, middle distance right there. And that's I think that's an advantage for the Palace and he just landed a nice right. Yeah. Not that it was can't have success here. He lands the occasional good shot as you saw right there. But the Palace this is the range he wants to be at. Oh. Oh. And there did take a knee. Matt. Five. Six. Seven. Eight. Come to me. Come to me. That's a head. Let's go. And that will officially be ruled. The fourth knockdown of Topala's career coming here in round number three. It'll be interesting to see between rounds if it wasn't if it was a left hand. I thought it was a left hand, but maybe from the other angle, you know, maybe it was a headbutt. Definely want to see the replay now. putting together combinations. And now, of course, there will be a sense of urgency from Topales to try to get back into this round. And he does so, landing a naked left hand as it was momentarily cornered. There's a jab from Topales and Alam bruising around the right eye of Topales. Yeah. And so that might strengthen the case for a clash of head. We'll take a look at it. Obviously, you know, I'm surprised that Talis has had such success with that left hand. Uh there's the hook, which is his normal calling card. So you're saying he's a natural righty al like in the Filipino style just fighting lefty even if he's a righty. Exactly. So [Applause] a lot of big shots being thrown by both guys here and at this range you know you might be able might even see some more knockdowns in this fight. Yeah. Power shots at a consistent middle range where these guys are starting to fight consistently. If you followed if you followed Topala's career, you will never dismiss his chances completely until the final bell sounds and the scorecards are red as he is of course even when he won the title coming back in dramatic fashion was down twice. Came back to knock out Soru. So, uh we are just getting warmed up here going into round number four. You can see how he made the point. He's always looking for a big shot. So, we'll take a look in a moment and we'll be able to get a chance to see whether there was in fact a clash of heads. Now, here we we're getting ready for what was called a knockdown. And there is going to be a left hand. No, it was the clash of heads that really caused it. Uh, and of course, there goes the knee, which denotes him being down. That was not a perfect uh uh angle for the referee, but there's no question it was Murdoch was on the other side of it. You see the referee on the other side, Shotty Murdoch. So, he's not going to be able to see this clearly because he's on the other side. And and you you know what's crazy? You see from the opposite sides, you you see I was hand left hand going. So, you don't you you assume if you're on the opposite side that maybe it landed on the head and caused the knockdown. So, rough. In fact, a rough break and that's what uh obviously cause a Shade Murdoch to think the punch did. Unfortunate for Tales as he was having himself a good round to that point. Yeah, absolutely. And this is now round number four scheduled for 12. Topalis and Wasa meeting in the center of the ring. And let's bring in our rules experts. Steve Farhood to talk about the knockdown and the why he went down. Steve. Well, Mo, despite what the replay showed, the rule is if the referee rules a knockdown, the judges have to score it that way. So that's a 108 round fora regardless of whether it was a legitimate knockdown or not. Yeah. Is that where replay would be a knockdown? You know, it's funny. Six years ago tonight, I fought Zab Judah and in this building in this building and I had the same thing happen to me. I tripped over Zab's foot and he was ruling knockdown. Five uh five fights here at Barclays, including the first time Showtime held a boxing event here. The first boxing event at Barclays, October 2012. Here's our 20th card. Wow. It's home with boxing here. That's for sure. But when you know, unfortunate for uh Depal's last round because it went it probably goes from a 10-9 round for him to a 108 round for Iwasa. It's a three-point swing. We'll see if it ends up having an effect on the scorecards later in the fight if this fight goes the distance. Iasa using his job jab effectively, Al, how would you like to see him uh capitalize on it? Yeah, I mean, he hasn't thrown the straight left too much behind it. There it was, though. The minute I said it, he threw a jab and then he had a straight left hand. And he's got a really good left hand to Washa. Uh, and so I I think as this fight goes on, we'll see him use it more. Just past the midpoint of the fourth round. And I was again, oh, there's coming with the right uppercut. Misses, goes upstairs with the right hook. A battle of left-handers. Two former titleists looking to get another opportunity at 122. It's a nice match up of style though, you know. Every fight, every round is tactical yet not boring at all. I agree. Final minute of the fourth round. 118 pound belter to Palace, a 122 pounder. Oh, and there's the combination that lands for Iwasa. Final 30 seconds of the fourth. Was lands a combination. you when it wants to keep it consistent at this distance. There it is again. The nice one, two. He's actually in control pretty well as this. Then he goes into his lows. Kapalis flies in with these big shots and lands. [Applause] Sweeping right hook by Wasa and we go back to Jim Gray. So that's why just looking forward. All right, Matt. Best of luck. We'll talk to you afterwards. Thank you. Bye. All right, Mororrow. Back out to you. All right, Jim. This is round five scheduled for 12 in the 122 lb division. Rioske was of Japan, the Philippines. Marlon Tales and they meet in the center of the ring again. Tales trying to create some angles. Oh, goes downstairs with the left hand, but I was stood very stoically in front of Amal trying to just keep it fundamental with the one twos and especially using the jab. Yeah, that's what he wants. you know, these two men, uh, of the two, Aasha has probably fought tougher competition. He's been with four former current or or future world champions when he fought them. And he's only one and three against them, but in general, he's fought a little tougher competition uh than Topales. We'll see if that has an impact as this fight wears on. Right hook to the body by Topales on the exit. and Paulie uh talk about what you've seen through four rounds and and what what has opened your eyes when it comes to both Iwasa and Tales thus far. Well, Tales seems to be looking for the big shot consistently, you know, and obviously his his history in the ring shows that he it's brought him success as as you said earlier, you never count him out of a fight. Um if he was though can have better understanding of the distance he needs to be at, he can make this fight a lot easier. you know that because when he keeps it at long range and and he keeps Tales on the end of those jabs and and left crosses, he he he eliminates the ability for Tales to be effective. See some of here at this range, yes, he can be effective. Yes, he can land good shots, but he's also giving Tap to Palace the opportunities to land his big shots and get off his big shots. And you kind of you kind of don't want that, you know, when why why not make it simpler and understand your range and force Tales to be out of his range. I want to see if he makes that adjustment. Yeah, Topales when it comes to body shots has a big edge over Iwasa and of course that would be what you would expect Al in terms of his strategy trying to get to the inside. Work that body. Nice lead right uppercut by Talis and a left hand. Yeah, he's been able to fight as Paul said before at mid-range as well and do well. So, oh, nice left hand. These two fighters, each one is getting some things done, but Depal is starting to land power. Yeah, Depal is getting creative with his angles, just firing power shots from everywhere. Topalis has the hurtful intentions almost like in every shot he's throwing. And he has a hematoma that's growing on the side of his face, the right side of his face. Yeah. And that goes to show you how the intensity of that headbutt and the impact how much impact it had. It dropped him and it caused that hematoma. Final half minute of the fifth round. Steady pace here between Aasa and Topales. Topales again bobbing and weaving and launching that left hand. This has been by far Top to Palace's best round in this fight. And I think it's a round so far anyways winning convincingly. Well, almost done. 10 seconds. Stop with the B. Step back. Let him out. Let him out. Let him out. Let him out. [Music] I mentioned what a good round it was for Topales. There he there he lands that right uppercut. We talked about that during the keys to victory. He wants to land that punch and he landed it from far out which usually you are not able to do. And then later on the left hand, the lead left which has been a repeated uh a weapon that's been repeated for him in this fight and he's been very effective with it. Hello. Okay. Hello. [Music] Okay. This is round number six. Rioske Iwasa Marlon Topales at 122 lbs and Topales the majority large majority almost 90% of the punches he lands in a round are power punches really both these punchers both these fighters are kind of in that category and they don't and tonight you know was especially has been using that jab he's not landing it as much but he's using it a Hey, hey, don't pull him down. Don't do that. The 122lb division as we know it started back in 76. Japan has produced 10 champions at this weight class. The first was Royal Kobayashi back in 76. Arguably the best triple crown title is Souzumi Hagawa. Who's is who's in the corner for uh and in the corner we have Shoji Sennis Kobayashi who was a former super flyweight champion any relation to the Kobayashi you mentioned Kobayashi Kenta Kobayashi I know from the world of Puressu I don't think they're related Kobayashi in the usual suspects oh there's Tales landing the solid left hand over the top but And here in the clinch, she was beginning to big brother him a bit out. Yeah. Yeah, that's for sure. You know, that last round by Tupales is one that uh Aashi is really wants to erase that in this round. He's been come out with conviction, but he hasn't been able to land his punches as effectively, I don't think, as he wanted as he wanted to. One, two combination lands for Iwasa. Then goes downstairs with a right hook, lead left uppercut. So Iwasa putting together his combinations, but Topales again firing back. And when it comes to Topalis, he dismisses the jab. As as we've talked about, and Al, you also mentioned both fighters, majority of the shots they land, high percentage of power shots, but hea does have the more proficient jab with that lengthy reach advantage. Yeah, he's used it a lot more in this fight. Awasa. Yeah, I feel like he's using the jab to set things up to disrupt to Palace. I think Tales sometimes he'll set it up to his chest to throw a left hand to the head, but otherwise I don't even think he knows why he's throwing the jab sometimes. He's not looking for otherwise he's looking to throw waiting for the next hook and big left hand. Launches that left hand. It is like a catapult towel. Yeah. Oh, it's true. to the second stop of the bell. All right, we are at the midpoint of this 122lb attraction and Topalis rolled that right hook. Well, time had a pretty good round in this past round and came out with a lot of conviction. And again, there's the jab setting up the straight left hand and coming with a beautiful right hook. That's just a classic combination and an attempt at countering by Topalis that didn't quite get there. And then we talk about the combination punch. And here's another example again, the jab which lands, a straight left hand which lands uh and uh he's been really good at that combination. I mean he he So if you do it once, why not do it again? And he does. And then the right hook, which we've talked about from Topales a lot, but uh AASA has a pretty good right hook as well. So, a very good round for Aasa. And I thought Topalis did a good job to take a lot of the steam of that right hook off the way he rode with it. As we begin the second half of this 12 round 122lb attraction, you are watching Marlon Topales in the black and gold representing the Philippines and Japan's Rioske Iwas in the white with green and blue. Mora Reinellaw Bernstein, Paulie Malignaggi at ringside, joined of course by Brian Kuster, Jim Gray, and Steve Farhood. You know, AASA 11-year veteran even though he's just a little shy of his 30th birthday. And some people, you know, when you get to that point, you have an 11-year veteran, you started early, are you shopworn? No, he shows he shows no sign of that. He's a very sharp fighter. All right, it's time to check in with our unofficial scorer, Steve Farhead. How do you have it at the halfway point? Mo, I have it was ahead 5855 yet. I think this is just about an even fight. So, how could it be even while we go back to that third round where Awaso gets a 10-8 round for the knockdown? That was really a butt. No replay in New York. Referee commission judges did didn't see it the way we did with the benefit of replay. So, 5855 was at this point. All right, Steve, thank you very much. as Topalis momentarily jolted Dwasa with that right hand and the the deficit on Steve Squad is three points which is exactly the the the change in points that that knockdown would cause cuz it goes from a 10-9 round for Tales to a 10-8 round for I was absolutely well put there again the lead left hand is grazing Iasa and and how could how could Topales better utilize the left hand in terms of the physical dimensions and everything because it is it is telegraphed his left hand at times Yeah, it is. He's getting it. My nice strike untelegraphed left hand. He could untelegraph. Well, I think he could use the jab to help set it up. That would be the best thing. He goes to the body with the left pie. I agree with Al. You know, he can use the jab in several different ways to set it up. Like I said, the only time he's using the jab to set it up is once in a while you'll see him throw that jab to the chest and then try to use it to loop the left hand over the top. But there's different things he can do. He can also punch off his faints to close the gap a little better. Wow. And there Iasa lands a one-two but then triples up with the right hook. As as you start to see fatigue coming in, less head movement and these straight shots start to land more effective. You're right. Awasa beginning to land at a higher clip. Another right short right hook on the exit by Topales. Coming up on the final 30 seconds of the seventh round. A not so subtle shift in this fight with the Wasa starting to kind of control things. Iwasa has fought the large majority of his career at Japan's most f famous boxing arena and a pur wrestle palace, Corin Hall, but in his last two fights here on American soil. Yeah, Talis again. So, I was up and Tales looking to uh make it here in New York City as we go to round number eight. Wasa has thrown lots of good combinations and uh he uses the lead left hand but then not content to stop there. Throws the right hook which was partially blocked but still uh kind of an effective weapon on his part. Last two rounds have been very effective for Aasa and then later on in the round again the straight left hand the lead right hand followed by a right hook. The probably the difference in this fight is Aasa landing uh combination punches and uh Topales being more um uh happy to just punch one at a time. But again, Depalis throwing every punch with what he hopes will be bad intentions. You can do it and and you made the point that you never count him out. Important fight, so you can't count him out. The fight in the uh famous words of another New York legend. It ain't over till it's over for Marlon Topales. Here as we begin round number eight and he wants to work in the body with the right uppercut in the left and Tales, he started boxing at 12. no formal amateur experience, but he used to fight in the streets in these organized fights for what was a relative pitence. But he did that 50 60 times and made his bones before turning professional. But both uh Topala was always hungry for more. Well, that's that's sort of like an amateur career in of itself. Yes. 50 60 fights, but you're being paid, so it's almost a professional but just trying to stay alive literally. Watch the elbow. Watch the elbow. No head g. Yeah. was it wasn't amateur in that respect. Now to Tales getting a little wild now. He's showing some wild left hooks. Oh, sweeping right hook there by Topalis. Tell you comes back with that right hook to the body very smoothly after that. A lot of those one twos. Sometimes he throws that sharp one two and sometimes he'll throw that one two and really lead into a nice right hook to the body. He's throwing a few times and it's been a nice combination for Beautiful three-punch combination through the guard and then to Palace backed up on the ropes but again launches that left hand. Don't push this fight being contested in 122 andasa backing up to Palace. Yeah, look at the bully. He he mushed him in the face with his glove right before that and then he walked up to him with a another left hook to the body byasa trying to win the psychological battle here by walking his man down and being the bully. And the big is thing here I think is jab has been spectacular in setting these punches up. Al the fundamentals are key for the long long term you know uh short term. Yes. The explosiveness of of Oh nice sweeping right hook by Topalis who again has no quit in his vocabulary but he is getting lit up like a Christmas tree byaso. A minute left in the eighth. A gutsy performance by Tales. Yeah. Tons of heart by Tales. He ends with one. He's one big shot, but I was starting to find them more more uh uh often with these with these combinations. And again, as you fatigue, it's harder to get out out of the way of punches, especially when they're nice and short the way throws them. 16 of Iwasa's 26 victories have come via form of knockout to 16 of his 33 victories have come inside the distance. Again, Topalis was down twice in that title victory in July of 2016 against Bung Wang Soringu. Both of them were due to potty punches. Yeah. Yeah. He's a very good body puncher when he can get that punch in. But he also showed susceptibility in that fight to them as he comes on strong here in the final 10 seconds. [Applause] [Music] That was a good run for you. Okay. Focus on the light. Marlo. Marlo. Listen to me. Get down. When you're here, get down. Focus. Good. You're focusing right. Good. Good. Make make a good make a good hit. Make a good hit. Very good. Round number nine at 122 lbs. And we talked a little bit about the history. When you talk about the very best at 122 lbs ever, you got to talk about Bazooka Alfredo Gomez, a Hall of Famer from Puerto Rico and his record 17 consecutive knockouts in title defenses. I had the thrill of doing one of his fights in the Olympic auditorium and I'll tell you what, just exciting. Yeah. What a what a what a special fighter. Not for not just for the power but what a what a great technical boxer as well. You know, uh Topal is on a 12 fight win streak as you mentioned. Maro, seven KO is in that group. So he's been on a real roll and this right now Aasa is putting a halt to that kind of momentum. Again, Tala's a power puncher. So he's in it till the end, but right now uh Aasa is controlling things. Sweeping left hook by Iwasa. Topalis digging to the body. Topalis dropped out of high school at 15, turned pro in 2008. Iwasa only boxer in his family. Started boxing at the age of 14, had about 66 amateur fights. And of course, both of them have had a taste of what it's like to be a belt holder in their respective careers. but looking to get closer to becoming a 122 lb titlist. And you mentioned Roman earlier, uh a fantastic fighter, Navarrett. I mean, there's some just terrific fighters in this uh weight division. And I'll tell you what, these are two good fighters we're watching and right now separating himself a little bit in this fight. And still some head movement from Topalis. It's worth mentioning he's only had one trainer since he started boxing which is the ex world champion Kobayashi. Go back to the name the trainer of Aasa is what was the full name moral exas was Shoji Kobayashi. Yeah. Ex world champion fighter. Uh and he's the one that started boxing from the very beginning at 14 years old. So it's the only trainer he's ever had. He literally created him from from the start. Under a minute left here in the ninth. and to Palace again trying to come up with a a way to get past the length of Iwasa tries to find the angles but it's just short in in every way shape and form now yeah he's not you know he he's having a hard time now dealing with the height and reach you know we talked about how he might negate that and earlier in the fight did a little bit now that's becoming a factor yeah because as you fatigue you need your fundamentals even more and he got countered there with a chopping right top's fundamentals have not were were not even going into this fight, you knew it was at the better fundamentals. Yeah, that was a good looking right uppercut by Topales as the fatigue comes in. You know, it becomes harder and harder to defend and even be effective. Under 10 seconds left in the ninth and Tales comes forward again with that left, but Iasa very controlled, very methodical, has not been uh disrupted by Topales. Good. Good. Breathe in. Breathe out. Breathe in. Breathe out. Breathe in. Breathe out. Breathe in. Breathe out. One, two. Is careful. One, two. You don't do one, two. It's not effective. Chase that guy. Chase. Press. Press. If you press, they will come. Press. Come. Cover. Well, protect your face. Body. Face. Protect. You're good. You can do it. Bell. And round number 10. Marlon Topales has two 11th round knockouts while Iwasa has no stoppages past the seventh thus far in his career. And to further talk about the uh later rounds, uh Awasha is Aasa is 2-1 in 12 round fights and Topales is 3-1 in 12 rounders. But right now um Topales in terms of winning a decision um is looking a little shaky. Oh, and there's another lead right hand by Topales bouncing off Iwasa. Our unofficial score, Steve Farhood, has Iwasa well ahead. The other thing that worth noting is that Tales is we know we said he's a good power puncher. He's already landed some big power punches and not really affect that. Exactly. There's a little swelling under the left eye of Iwasa, but uh you're right has not bothered him. Has not forced him to really make any kinds of adjustments. There's a double triple right hand by Topalis. And again, you you know he's throwing it with with power out, but it's it's not enough. And in that instance, he did throw it in combination. Same same punch, but he threw it several times. And that's the difference. You know, Aasa has thrown combinations and not seen that from Topales. Topal also wants to earn his distance. So if Aasa gives it to him, especially with the fatigue factor coming into play here, you know, it's much harder for Tales to find that distance. So there when when he is able to find it, you see he still has those explosive punches ready to go, but he was can again make it easier if he controls the distance a little better. In this round, Tales had landed some nice power punches. It's been a better round for him to some extent. What has impressed you the most about Iwasa Paulie? Uh just his consistency and and his fundamental boxing. You know, he's he's stayed he stayed on the course, you know, despite some rough moments, some good shots landed by Tales. Tales can be awkward and he can kind of deter you at times with his movement, his punches from these crazy angles that he throws them at and even when they land. But, uh I was has been undeterred. You know, he's stayed with the fundamentals. Uh not tried anything outside of himself. uh simple combinations, simple boxing, and uh you know, he's been able to take control of this fight. Again, splitting the guard with the jab. And again, Tales just loading up naked power shots, trying somehow to dent the armor of Iwasa as we head to the penultimate round here at Barlay Center in Brooklyn. The first of three fights coming your way on Showtime Championship Boxing 4 and0 at 160 defending the 160 lb title against Dennis Hogan in our main event right now. This is round number 11 between these 222 lb pugilist Marlon Topales of the Philippines and Japan's Rioske Iwasa and Iwasa peppering with the left but now Kales trying to close the distance and has only been down once before in a fight that I witnessed uh on hand for him fighting Lee Haskins, British fighter, and he was knocked down in that one. Ended up losing, being stopped, but uh that's the only time he's actually been floored. So, and Topalos has had two knockout victories at round 11. And on Q, Iwasa drops to Palace in round 11. 6 7 8 9 counter over the top. Come to me. And he looks right back at his corner as he was. Well, we talked about lighting the pilot light in round one. And here in round 11, Iwasa snuffs out Tala's pilot light with an 11th round stoppage as Iwasa improves to 27 and three with his 17th victory via form of knockout. Topalis in his camp said the one punch they were most concerned about was a straight left. We talked about that punch in the keys to victory and it ended up being the most important punch as used it to score his knockout. And ho ho ho Iwasa gets a KO for Christmas. You know as he walked to the neutral corner he was looking at his corner and we don't have a translator in the in the in the Japanese corner of Awasa. But I wonder if if maybe his trainer was telling him to look for the left hand. We did. We had to wait when Tran was telling him to to look for the left hand on top of the jab because he landed it, dropped him and looked right back at his corner on the way to the neutral corner like almost nodding in approval as if like he followed the instructions or something. So a fantastic finish for Rioske Iwasa who of course we've talked about Daniel Roman currently on the shelf but he holds two of the 122 lb belts there's Emanuel Nabarete defending the title tonight Ray Vargas Brendan Figueroa and how do you uh how do you fit Rioke I was into the mixel I think he's shown us tonight that and he's a former champion he's an ex he's ranked in the top 10 by virtually every organization So clearly this is a a 29year-old soon to be 30 who deserves I think at some point to get another championship. Good sign of sportsmanship from Topalis. Yep. And we take a look from our camera above and you'll see him using the jab and that's part of the way he's setting up this straight left hand. He he uses the lead left to get to down and that left hand had landed a lot in this fight before. usually with the jab setting it up that in that case actually even though he used the jab a little bit before that it was primarily a lead left hand and was over the top of the jab of Tales and he timed him very well he he what he did alli backed him up with his own jab it forced to for feel like he needed to react that was a stumble and a good stoppage by Murdoch there with that stumble and see you see the top gets backed up oh here's the counter left hand right off the top there it is right over the top of the jab and you know what what it was is on a from a psychological perspective. He backs up to Palace to the ropes. Now to Palace feels like I'm backed up. I need to do something. So he sort of shows that lazy jab and and andasa was waiting for it. Yeah. Here's what you're talking about. The the lazy jab, the straight left hand over the top. And you know, Awasa had used that punch a lot during the fight. Uh and it is a power punch. It's his best power punch. That's what he uses to create knockdowns and knockouts. and that he was able to do it tonight and we'll look at it again because it was a great a great knockout and again he he comes over the top and while we talked a lot about Topales's power during this fight there's no question and Marl had alluded to Aasa's power uh and and how he can get people out and he was able to do it tonight one punch one headbutt earlier one left hand later yeah here in BK they just love his flashy ways just hit him with the force like Obi and Iwasa stepping closer to another opportunity to become 122 lb champion. Let's go to Jimmy Lennon Jr. Ladies and gentlemen, we have the time of 1 minute 9 seconds of round number 11. The referee in charge stops the contest. He is the winner by way of technical knockout. He is now the interim IBF junior featherweight world champion [Applause] Rioskeasa. Well, we talked about Iwasa trying to reverse his fortunes against fellow left-handers. All three of his losses coming into tonight's fight came against Southpaws. Well, that streak is over and I was again with an impressive victory to kick off our evening of festive fisticuffs here in Brooklyn. I love I love your alliteration. So do I.