Kind: captions Language: en These are the numbers on a fight between two fighters who know plenty about each other. Tapia has height and a lot of reach as well. All right, fellas. Listen to my instructions at all time. When I ask you to break or stop, I want you to do so. Okay, fellas. But most importantly, protect, fellas. Protect yourselves at all time. Let's go. Touch them up. Good luck. Well, all the intensity at that moment came from Voravev Tapia just happy to go through the motions for now. But this is what really matters once the bell rings. Tapia and Vorave who charges. I like no mucking around here. I like it. Voravev on a mission. Vorv will need to keep this up. Throws a good right hand. Upper cuts. A good one from Voravev as well. And a chopping overhand. And a couple of good shots. Sergey Voravev. He backed straight off did tapia and he is looking a little rocky here. Yeah, I mean look tapia. Yeah, it was a funny one. And then but this uppercut right here, goodness gracious. Couple of couple of clean ones like that. He's looking good against Matteo Tapia who was a clear favorite in this fight. Sparring and things of that nature. So, Good shot there from Tapia. Good right hand down. Right hand up. Come on. Come on. Body shot on the end of that combination is a good one from Tapia. And an overhand right that he looks for for the second time in this round. Over right. There's the shot. It's a shot we've seen before from 5. It's a monstrous shot. Go walk that way. Down and he off. Tapia celebrates protests. It was clean. He landed an overhand right before this. I said that's a good overhand right. And here he comes punching between the gloves. The arm is out. That's what I mean. It's picture perfect right there. Punching between the gloves. Beautiful overhand right counter coming from Tapia right there and fast motion. Here it is. The c the punch comes out and he comes right over the top. That's good work. It's an identical punch to one that we saw from Matteo Tapia against Reynold Quinland years ago that sent him down in a fight as well. And he sat down too. He sat down. He lowered his center of gravity. Watch him sit down and come over the top. That's a punch that comes from the power came from the ground up. Beautiful picture perfect right there. Best knockout of the year. And this is Vorave trying to show the crowd and the referee and everyone that he is okay after that stoppage which plenty will deem controversial. And new IBF Intercontinental Middleweight Champion. [Applause]