Kind: captions Language: en Live from New York, it's Saturday Night Fights. PBC on pay-per-view. We get things started in the 154 lb division. The undefeated Yuennis Tez takes on former unified champion at 154, Julian Jrock Williams. With the introductions, here's Hall of Fame ring announcer Jimmy Lennon Jr. Ladies and gentlemen, a very good evening to you and welcome to Barclay Center here in Brooklyn, New York as Premier Boxing Champions presents a PBC pay-per-view on Prime special event. And it's all brought to you by GTD Promotions and TGB Promotions as sponsored by DraftKings Sportsbook. The crown is yours. Well, fans, our opening attraction is presented in association with Warriors Boxing and Box Lab and is sanctioned by the WBA, the president, Hilberto Jesus Mendula. Introducing to you are three judges scoring for ringside. All from the state of New York. We have Tony Pillo, Robert Perez, and Wlesca Roland. Introducing our third man in the ring. He will be giving instructions after the introductions. Eric Dolly. All right, fans. Here we go. 12 rounds of boxing for the interim WBA Super Welterweight World Championship. Introducing to you first on my left, fighting out of the red corner, wearing white trunks with red and silver trim. He is fighting out of and representing his home of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He weighed in at 153.2 2 lb with a record of 29 wins, four losses, and one draw. He has 17 wins coming by way of knockout. Please welcome the world ranked contender and the former unified super welterweight champion of the world, Julian J.Rock Williams. and his opponent across the ring, fighting out of the blue corner, wearing black trunks with red and pink trim, fighting out of Stafford, Texas by way of Santiago Deuba. He weighed in at 153.4 lbs. He is undefeated in his campaign to the ring with a record of nine wins, no losses, seven wins coming by way of knockout. Here is the rising star and undefeated world ranked super welterweight contender. Introducing Yuenis Elandero Teas. [Music] Once again, a referee in charge is Eric Dolly. Now to give instructions. Okay, gentlemen, you already know the rules. Let me remind you to keep it clean, protect yourself at all times, and obey my commands at all times. Touch gloves. Good luck to both of you. Referee is Eric Dolly. 24y old Yennis Tez against 34y old Julian Jrock Williams. We are scheduled for 12 rounds at super welterweight. [Applause] Tez isn't just stepping into the ring. He's stepping into his moment. This is his first 12rounder. his first championship caliber opponent. His first fight under the bright lights of New York City. And guys, he told us he's not coming to coast, he's coming to conquer. Fresh off that brutal seventh round KO of Yan Gonzalez, Tez has made his mission crystal clear. He said, and I quote, "My goal is to take Williams out before the final bell rings." And for Williams, he's back at 154 for the first time since his stunning title loss to Jason Rosario in 2020. But is it a homecoming or a harsh reminder? Making his third appearance in Brooklyn, a place where he never lost. Yeah, both fighters really on a mission. Speaking of which, which is take out the older Williams, the experienced Williams. But then again, Williams is here also to let you know that he's not done. He still has something left in the tank. A huge chasm in experience. This is the 206th professional round for Williams. This is the 47th round for TA. I will add though, we're obviously looking at a crossroads fight from the standpoint of experience difference, but experience is different when you look at the nine fights TAS has had. He's gone the 10 round distance in two of his last three. He's matching himself aggressively. He wants to be great now. And this is an excellent test against a KG veteran and former unified champion. A cajinjun veteran though after coming off a 13th layoff from Wally Dispatch Journeyman Gustavo Vtori in just two rounds fighting once a year since 2019 has also taken its toll. Yeah, it does not help at all especially you know having that age as well but again uh Williams is a really cautious fighter a tricky fighter that get you know lures into making mistakes but at this stage no room for rust no room at all but I think the best thing Williams did as a veteran to counteract that he stays in the gym all year. He told us, "I'm a family man. I have two young daughters. I don't drink. I don't party." And he knows at this stage of his career, you might get the call, but it might come short notice, and he has to be ready. That's the position JRock has held the last couple of years. And he belongs in this fight against Tez. And he's held Teas to just 10 punches in this opening round. A rather cautious start for Yenise Tez, who has recorded seven knockouts. This is his 10th professional fight. Definitely on the fast track, again, a product of Cuba. And if you're a Cuban fighter, you usually end up in Stafford, Texas, working with Ronnie Shields. He's there with there is Landy Lara David Morurell. But Tez 24 years of age looking to secure the biggest name on his resume as a blue chip prospect. That was a really sneaky move right there from uh Williams. He got on the ropes. They got in close, grabbed on him, turned him. Veteran move. Tez needs to cut off the rim indeed. And you already see Tez, who's a natural orthodox, flirting with the stance switch, which you'll see a lot out of him tonight, giving Williams different looks. Precautious opening three minutes between the undefeated Tez and the former unified champ. Hey, hey, listen to me. We up one zip. We up one zip. Nothing happened that round, did it? Stay the same way. The only thing I want you to do is when you get off, finish with a jab. Everything is good. Keep your breathing down. Breathing down. Give me some more ice bags. Don't worry about the water. He all right. Let me get the top of his head. Mike, [Music] good to see Williams reunited with Steven Breman. Edwards, a man who led him to the championship. They went their separate ways, but he's back. And Edwards, one of the best of what he does. One of the sharpest minds. Keep that breathing down. Keep that breathing down. Keep that breathing down. Keep that breathing down. Stay nice and calm. Get the We could all heed that advice. Also, especially these days, all-star cut man Mike Rodriguez also in that corner. Julian Williams. And for Tez, his trainers we mentioned, Ronnie Shields, who's had tremendous success working with over a dozen champions in his illustrious career. So here in round two, what do you want to see more out of the human possible? Right hand from TA there. This is the fast start in round two that he told us he was going to start with. He said, "I'm going to chop away at Williams endurance. I'm going to target the body and I'm going to make that abdomen feel the pain." Slow start for the youngster Aer, but he's heating up now. It definitely is heating up and and the first round it definitely benefited Williams. Slow start. He dictated the pace. He took control of the fight by not letting Tayas get off. So that's what that is what Williams needs to do. Fight at that distance. Williams banking on experience, composure, and that battle tested mindset. Flashing the jab, TZ, high guard, bobbing and weaving. Good defensive instincts by Tez. And and this is the new age of Cuban boxer. The the school of Cuban boxing has always been about the craft, the slick, uh a sweet science, the the make him miss, make him pay. But now they make you miss and make you really pay because there's a lot of power in Cuba. I couldn't agree more. His stablemate David Morurell Jr. certainly fits that bill as well. More offensive approach, flashier than the old days of hit and not getting hit from the Cuban boxes. And that is why Williams is so cautious here in this fight because he does not want to make a mistake and he does not want to pay. Not just about who lands, also about who absorbs less overall damage. Speaking about the power both of course we've seen teas's power but we've also seen uh Williams power in the past and the one stat also knowing about his propensity for knockouts Williams has been stopped three times will be looking to test that chin on his feet also yeah stopped on his feet not always down exactly but still stopped and there's a good body shot left to hook to the liver byz the veteran Williams making right for him on the inside we're already starting to see this round that the power of the youngster TZ is affecting JRock. Yeah, he's going to start him on the ropes. Corral. There's a right hand left hook locked by TZ. Yeah, that's TA's, you know, best bet is to turn this fight into a greedy high pressure fight. Put him on the ropes. I like what Bill Williams did there, Brian, backing up, trying to get TAS into the center of the ring. That veteran trying to set the trap. Now, TAZ didn't bite, but the instincts are still there. one of those KG veteran fighters even in his youth young prime. JRock a Philadelphia fighter, you know that good work here from JRock. When you talk about a Philly fighter, we talk about skill, intelligence, and that undeniable toughness. And you wonder if the experience the ring IQ can neutralize Teas's youthful vigor and knockout power. This is by far his biggest test of his career and he's looking to put on a show and make a statement here live on pay-per-view. Little blemish before the right eye of Williams. Something to watch closely. All right. Very good, M. Very good. That's the kind of mouth we need. I want I want We need those kind of mouths. Okay. Very good. Very good. Put your arms down. Give me a deep breath. Deep breath. Let them out. Slow. Give me another one. Good. Good. Everything is good. You got to keep using that jab and think, keep using your faint. That's working for you. Okay. When you shoot the right hand, bring the hook back and then the uppercut will be up for you. Okay? But when you get close, go to the body. We got to slow this guy down with body. Okay? That was a very good round. Okay. So, keep walking like that. Keep keep the pressure. Keep the pressure like that. Okay. We heard from Ronnie Shields and his expert advice. Meanwhile, Williams corner was telling Jayrock to go back to the jab. Yeah, Williams has to go back to the jab. Dictate the pace with that. Get the rhythm going. Keep Jay is busy with it. Round number three scheduled for 12 at 154 lbs. Lot of movement. mobility of the 34y old Williams on display trying again lure Tez into a trap but he gets nailed with a jab and he's good at that Williams he's a great counter puncher he does the catch and shoot really well the shoulder row JRock was also an early example in this modern era of why losses can become lessons and they don't count you out he got knocked out by Jamal Charlo in an early title fight, but came back that few years later was the underdog against uh Jared Swift herd in that title bout and really put forth a breakthrough performance led by that game planning of Steven Breadman Edwards. No less than a legend like Bernard Hopkins rock became a Hall of Fame champion. You're right. I I've never understood that. Of course, coming from MMA calling thousands of fights where you have Hall of Famers and double digit losses there. It's the old saying Miracle Cork said if you don't lose, you're not fighting anybody. No question about it. Williams block by Williams. Oh, nice chopping right hand by T. Right uppercut on the inside. Beautifully executed and Williams took it and now responding. But boy can that beard is a stunt one to say the least for Williams cuz he hate that right uppercut flush. Love the pressure, the speed, the power you're seeing from the 24y old Teas. So confident. They may not have the experience per se to equal JRock. What is life experience, Mo? You don't leave Cuba, walk across Mexico, cross the border without being driven to succeed. Yeah. He laced up the gloves at just 8 years of age. Wasted no time making his mark, winning backto back Cuban youth national championships. And now looking to make a statement, working the combination. He's the one, two, one. Williams, breaking him down. Yeah, he was missing a lot. TZ and Williams obviously the tricky fighter that he is experienced slipping a lot of those punches but now Tas getting in comfortably landing beautiful combinations and and ending to the body no punches less than half a minute left here in the third using the jab. There's a good one, two from Williams. Splitting the guard is using some fakes. Great work right there from Williams. Not letting Tas get in. Yeah. Not letting him set up any kind of rhythm or trying to establish any rhythm. The veteran tactics on display. A former unified champ for a reason. [Applause] You all right? How you feeling? Working his out, Mike. I got you. How you feel, Julie? Well, Williams has been cut over the left eye. We know he's seen more blades than a Philly barber shop. He's been cut a lot in his career, guys. Listen, listen. I got I got Listen, listen. You're not jabbing around them, Joel. You're looking for something. Remember I told you you don't have to look for anything. He going to give you what you want. Let's take a look at that uppercut that we talked about. Williams taking so well. Landed right in the chin. Beautiful shot from Teasp.com. Double jab uppercut. He's lined up. Open up that guard and that uppercut just came in smooth. Beautiful combination like we talked about and ending it with the body shot. Yeah, beautiful display of technique by the 24year-old undefeated prospect Yoen Tez. Nine and0 with seven KOs. And uh so now something that Williams has become accustomed to. But do you ever get used to getting cut? No, I don't think you do. But then again, there are fighters that every single fight they get cut. So it's like it's a normal thing for them. And some fighters when they see their own blood is when they actually start fighting, right? You see? No, that's true. stiff jab, but again, Williams using his mobility. Looking to try to cut off the ring. I think the key for Williams here is weather the early storm from the from the young fighter who's rising quickly and see as the fight progresses to the middle and later rounds how those adjustments can catch up to Tea. Well, if it's a three-act play, we're almost well two over two minutes away from completing the first act. And uh Williams again right now on the defensive utilizing the the movement and trying to to find a way to disrupt the rhythm, the timing of Tez and and trying to get his punches in. Exactly. That's what he's doing with the mobility, the jab side to side, not giving Tas any room or any space to let those hands go. And we know that he could get reckless at times and that that's when wheelers will make him pay with the counter punching. Now, there's one thing to get your 10,000 steps in, Brian, but the aim of the name of the game is to throw punches as well, and we need to see a little more of that from Williams. The storm of the younger fighter. Let's go. Yeah, but I think as as an older fighter, you you want to make the old fighter miss, you know, make them miss, get them tired a little bit. Well, they've definitely decelerated both of their offenses and thanks mainly to the uh the the evasion tactics of Williams. He's able to chew up a lot of real estate and this is an opportunity again to talk about pay needing to cut off the ring more and there he's doing it and again as we continue to to educate always attracting new fans as a sport. Best way to cut off the ring out here for a guy like TAZ what should you be doing? Yeah, you don't want to go just straight in the line though. want to move to the sides uh either to the right depending on on what side did the opponent is trying to move and cut off the ring. Close that gap. Sharp jab from Tez lead right hand. This is for Williams. Now KZ along the ropes. Williams goes to the body with a left hook. Another left hook to the liver by Williams. And now you don't want to do you don't want to let the the old come to right uppercut. [Applause] I like the way that is picking his spots here. Not landing the better shots in this round, but giving just enough to teas as a reminder as he's picking up his tails. He's as we like to say the information. Well, we'll see that later in the show, I'm sure, from a guy called Javante Tank Davis as he will headline defending his lightweight title against current junior lightweight title Lamont Ro Jr. But we are just starting here and we're headed to round five of this match up at 154. Arms down. Arms down. Deep breath. Give me a deep breath. How we feel? Good. Okay, listen. You got to keep your hands up. The right hand, you got to throw it straight. You trying to loop it. Don't loop the right hand. Throw the right hand straight. Okay. Sometimes double the right hand like we do on the P. Double the right hand. Bring the hook back and then the uppercut. Okay. Keep the keep the pace up though. You got to keep the pace when this guy's moving all around. Stay him. When he step to the left, throw the hook first. Okay. Cut him off. Use your cut off shots. Take it up. Ronnie Shields utilizing every single single second to dispatch nothing but knowledge. True legend of the sport, the Houston based Ronnie Shields. And speaking of Ronnie Shields, you mentioned Brian Yuenis, the the the arduous journey to get from Cuba to the United States, gets to Texas, gets to the gym, has all these credentials, all this uh background, and you would think, okay, well, Ronnie Shield's going to take him under his wing. What did he do? Well, he told him, "Look, I don't care that you've been out of out of out of consistent fighting for a couple years. I need to find out right now what you're made of." Not seven to eight weeks later. Ronnie put him in the ring against a tough test to spar. And this is how Yoan TZ ended up where he is right now. He rose to the occasion and look showed his game. Looking to do that here in round five. Yeah. I mean, he's he's applying that smart pressure. Teas walking down Julian Williams with that jab. Something that I want to see more from Teas is the body work. grip him down to the body, break down the older fighter. There's the veteran holding on momentarily. We're seeing a lot of head shots from Teao, but again, that body work needs to needs to start now. This is about what Williams is trying to do. Put Tea in spots he's uncomfortable with. Make him make a mistake. Make him telegraph a shot. Come in with his hands down. Try to time him. Sometimes you can take one clean shot that can change the momentum. He's trying to say, "How dare you accept me, a former unified champion, to just pretend a proportional fight kid, the gall of this young fighter, but Jim loves to see it." I I love it. And it's a formula in boxing. It really is. You see fighters with big amateur careers, they come in there and they want the smoke right away did it. We're seeing that so often. David Moro Jr. fighting for a title in his third pro fight. They want all of the smoke. Just over a minute left here in the fifth. Again, great movement from Williams. Not giving Tayas any clean shots. Double jab. The jab is there. You see a little bit of faints from Williams. Williams had to work so much homelessness when he was a kid. Lost his mom very young and was able to reby the house that his mother lost due to foreclosure. How good must that feel? And again, a guy who has literally done it all and then some. If it were to end soon, he's a former unified champion, but you know, he still has a hunger. You know, Steven Dreadman Edwards, still wants more out of JW Williams. You can't count JRock Williams out. He fought for the title in middleweight against Carlos Adamus a couple years ago, even though he was stopped late. It felt like a redemptive performance that he showed you uh the JRock of old, the unified champion. Now back down at 154. He told us he's dog shape and you're seeing that and I wonder how much that is part of his strategy to push late. Part of the planet Philly got that Philly shell going there momentarily for JRock Williams. All right, let's check in with Dant Tank Davis defends his title against Lamont Roach Jr. Davis 30 and0 with 28 KO seeks his fifth consecutive knockout later tonight as we begin round number six. Yennis Tez, he's 9 and0 with seven knockouts. Julian Jrock Williams 34. He's 294-1 with one no decision, 17 KOs. And as we uh get into this sixth round, what are your biggest takeaways from the first five rounds in terms of how Julian Williams has looked, Brian? Well, look, certainly we expected the younger fighter to come out aggressive. Tez has done that. She's just landed the better shots. It would be hard to score maybe more than one, two rounds at the most for JRock, but I do like the way the veteran is standing in there. You can certainly see the wear and tear on his face, but he hasn't backed down. He hasn't responded poorly to any of these shots. They're looking to line up and counter. It may not be about winning the early rounds for JRock, but it is about trying to expose this younger fighter late. And what has already impressed you after five rounds after from the youngster Tez? I I like I like the fact that he's so comfortable in there. Relaxed. He's taking his time, Po. He's know He knows he's in there against a a veteran, a man with many tricks. So, he's taking his time right now, Das. But I want him to cut off the ring a lot more. I like what the the corner told him. Use the cut off shots, which are the hooks. Hook to the right, hook to the left. Not let him get out so easy. TZ has already shared the ring in his short time. his nine pro fights with some big names. In just his sixth pro fight, he stopped battle tested Sergio Garcia in just the third opened up a lot of eyes. It really took notice that he's here. He's for real. And one thing he had told us when it comes to a statement tonight, he says a Cuban fighter is here. He's ready for glory. He's ready to take over. And he has Williams on the ropes. Getting busier now. Double jab. Good punch variety, punch placement, mixing it up. But there's Williams swelling around the eyes, trying to stick the jab. Teas using good upper body movement. There's an uppercut by Tez, but Williams standing right in front of him. And this is again, you want to keep asking youngsters like Taz questions. That's what Williams is here to do. Yeah, it's a mentality, you know, older fighters have when we spar even younger fighters. We want to push them. We want to see what they have. And that's what Williams is doing right now. Standing right in front of him, trying to lure him into something, trying to make him make a mistake. Williams definitely needs to be more offensive, though. He can't trade one shot for every three or four that Teas lands, especially now nearing the midway point of this fight. Off the body work for Teas. There we go. Time [Music] up. Okay. And your body shots. All right, I need to boat on this one. Okay, I need you to keep working. Don't let this old guy work. Okay, don't I mean, don't let him stop working. Make him keep working the whole time. Even if he's just moving, he's working, okay? Keep him working. [Music] If 34y old Jayrock Williams is the old guy, what the hell am I? Okay, we begin the second half of this 12 round fight at 154 lbs. Yuenis Tez, the undefeated Cuban prospects in his 10th professional fight, looking to stay unbeaten, looking to continue on his fast track to a title shot unified champion at this weight class of Ash of Fedora. He will be in action later this month against Cordell Booker. Unofficial score Larry Hazard has Tez up comfortably at the midway point. So you look at the 154 54 lb weight class. Terrence Crawford is now here. Sebastian Fura, you've got background mortis. I mean a lot of Oh boy did he look uh much improved in his last performance. So you're right. Lots of lots of great fights at 154. Always looking for new blood. Yuen Tez wants to announce his arrival here tonight. No question. Still some former champions around too. Jal Charlo. Yeah. Still the line champ. No question. Now Williams along the ropes. Still moving. Yeah. Again, I like the There's a one two. I like that Williams is not making it easy for Teas to get in. Nice left uppercut by Tez on the inside. Lot of fainting. Not landing a lot from Williams, but again keeping him busy with those shots. Speaking of 154, how about our old friend Keith one time Thurman making a cover [Applause] landing plenty of jabs. In fact, rounds five and six, he landed 18. So again, a a fundamental when you go to the school of Cuban boxing, the jab, that's how you get your PhD. I like how they evolved as well, more they're not just a boxer yet, but now it's just like the pressure, the pocket. They want to sell. They're here to make noise. And he's been making noise with power. Almost doubling up Williams. There's a nice lead left hook to the head of Williams by Tea. You'd like to see more combinations on a Tea. Uh Brian, I would. I would. It was interesting in the corner, Ronnie Shields before this round said, "We need the full boat. We need more. We need body attack. We need more punches." And conversely, Abner, if you're Julian Williams, there comes a point where you're going to have to step on the gas. You're going to have to turn that corner. Is it now midway through this fight? It's getting there. It definitely is. I mean, he's trying to throw some punches to the air to at least keep Tas off him, but it's going to come a point where he's going to have to fight off. Rare that you see a young fighter this poised, this patient in there. Well, someone else who's poised and patient does not. He's not swallowed up by the magnitude of the moment. He's ready to become a simultaneous two division champion. And some of tank opponents, they get under these bright lights. They feel the power for the first time. They crumble. Can Roach be the difference maker given that familiarity? It hasn't bred contempt between them. He thinks it's given him an upper hand and an edge. We'll find out tonight's main event. Nice double left hand to start off round eight for Julian Jrock Williams. Left hook and then the jab splitting the guard of Teas. Yeah. Trying to get TA's attention with the left with the jab upstairs. Yeah, this is a different JRock to open this round. Taking control of the center of that. Yeah. Well, he threw only 23 punches in the last round. Did Williams landing over seven. Meanwhile, Tez was 20 of 53. So, I'm sure Steven Matt Edwards says, "You want to continue to earn the bread, you better start delivering those punches. Don't let them get off those sucker ass jabs, JRock. Couldn't have said it better myself." And how do you do that? By doing your own jab. And that's what JRock is doing right now. It's always nice when you get some. A minute 45 left here in the eighth. And Williams utilizing defensive maneuvering. Trying to take the sting off these shots. Find a way to counter. Good body work from JRock. Good body work from Mr. Deas. And a half left here in the eighth. If you're going to stay in the pocket, if you're willing to, you got to trade with him. You got to catch. You got to shoot something. You got to do something to back up. I know easier said than done, but you cannot just stand in front of him. No, no, no, no. Stop. That hot start from Williams has now turned to a little bit of a cold spell. Not letting his hands go as Teas continues to target that body. around the world. And all these movements that Williams is doing, he's tiring as well. So that's going to catch up to Williams in the later rounds. All the tassels on the shorts tonight, Adar, is that something you enjoyed? Does it limit your movement? I mean, how how aggressive did you get back in the day with the trunks? No. with the I'm sorry with the tassels. Maybe even from the trolls. Yeah, I I'm not a big fan. Yeah, from the tassels. Let's get back to the tussle. 23 seconds left. He's got to make that fashion statement. That will be interesting to see what our main event participants. The pumping pageantry is there. Ring entrances later tonight. 10 seconds left here in the eighth. And it continues to be Yoen Tez continuing to earn his stripes, continuing to be educated and showcase why he's such a highly touted prospect against a former champ. He's doing just fine here tonight. Now, having said that, n0 talk in the corner. He went right back to talking just cuz somebody screamed that. Don't listen to that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] This is a close ass fight. All right, listen to me. Listen to me. I want you to shoot that jab, faint it high, and shoot it low a couple times this round, right? And then shoot that mech hook when he go to reach for it with his right hand. You got it? But you got to frame his mind. Shoot that jab high. Faint it high and shoot it low a couple of times and then turn the hook off of it. All right. He's good, Doc. He's good. Look, look, listen. Listen, listen. shoot it, faint the jab high and shoot it low a couple times to bring his eyes down. We going to get that message. Two of the best trainers in the sport at work here. We've got Ronnie Shields in Tez's corner telling him, "Keep punching, but do it smartly." We got Steven Breadman Edwards telling Williams who got to use that jab as a paint and you can you can break rhythm. You can set rhythm with the jab. Well, we can't see the three judges scorecards with the only scores that matter, of course. But to hear Breman say it's a close fight, I wonder if that's the wrong information to share. I mean, it's a way Exactly. I agree with you, Brian. But knowing Steven Fredman Edwards, there's some reverse psychology going on. Exactly. He's trying to motivate Williams here, trying to get him back in the fight. And he's doing things some some things right. Obviously, not not enough to win the fight, but he's doing things right. The jab, the mobility, but again, not doing enough throwing volume punches uh to keep up. He has neutralized the right hand to a good degree here, but that hasn't equal the type of output that would give him the the the nod in a lot of these rounds. So, we'll see if a late surge is coming here from Williams. There's the jab from Matas. Talk about this one. That was a beautiful beautiful jab upstairs, downstairs. Strafing the body again. the IQ, the placement, the instincts all on display from you stand. And then Williams says, "Okay, here's a jab for you." Cut opening up around the left eye of Williams from that last sequence. Of course, earlier tonight happened and he's been caught many times in his career. You remember that there was that he was stabbed Rosendis with the lip and he's bleeding from the mouth in this fight as well. Oh, and you're right. He's taking away the right hand from Tez. Good job there of avoiding the the shot from Tez by Williams. But it's all defense, by the way. That hasn't frustrated. You're right. just performance going to work. He's the better he here with 45 seconds left in the ninth. Has landed 62 jabs against Williams in this fight. That is more than any opponent since JRock became a contender, let alone the champion. And that was Williams pushing Tay's back. There's a contingency of Williams fans sitting behind us who are screaming, "Let your hands go." JRock would help in the sport of boxing. There's the jab from Tez and the jab from Williams. Nice pull back there. Didn't hit the counter though. into the Floyd Mayweather pullback counter tears, but he's comfortable, poised, and ready for round number 10. Okay, good. Keep working like you're working, son. You got to still be smart. You got All you got to do is move your hands, okay? You got just got to let your hands go. But listen, keep using uppercuts on both sides. I want them on both sides. Hey, give me a towel so I can wipe his gloves off. Okay, wipe this gloves off right now. Both of them. Deep breath. Deep breath. Give me another one. One more. [Music] Okay. Listen. That's Don't forget the body. Okay. You're going to see success from both fighters. We're going to start with Deas here. The uppercut. Body shot. Uppercut. Beautiful placement for J-Rock. the old arm, you know, he he came back with his own punches. Slick hook, two hooks, right hand and left hand. Here's a stat that will buoy Juanis Tez and his fan base. He landed a fight high 25 punches in round nine. So, beginning to pour on the pressure on Williams and looking to secure his eighth knockout here in the final act of this threeact. Good use of the word, boys. B O Y E D. I always spell Ming B as well. Look at those stats. Word of the day has always been my friend since a kid. So yeah, why use a 55 $5 for a living? Round 10 though, the words are being written in the ring. And uh again, we we talk about this a lot, Abner, but more fights. Yes, great performance here by Tant now putting the pressure on. But fans come to see the show. Fans come to see the knockout. And come to pour the pressure on trio. A big right hands there from Tez. I think he heard you. I mean obviously he's doing enough to win the fight. He's looking good TZ but still has not closed the show because we have a veteran in front of you. Williams fighter. Yes. respect and he he's making Tayas miss a lot with the you know Bobby Weeks. Nice body shot there, the sniper Williams. And then TA says, "Okay, I'll go to the body three times." Sort of just waiting for Teas to show a crack in the show a big mistake. It's just not happening here. [Applause] Nice job from Williams. And great job of pairing the uh the the jab from Teas by Williams. Intercepting that jab beautifully. Oh, but he gets clipped with the right hand now on the ropes. Teas goes to the body just like his trainer Ronnie Shields wanted him to do and then punctuates it with an uppercut on the inside. Williams now bleeding from the lip as well as that left eye. We talked about what happened Josees. Under a minute left here in the 10. Yeah. Pun punishment is visible in Julian's face bleeding from everywhere. Lib eye [Music] and Williams those those stoppages again at the highest level of the sport but has been stopped three times in his career and now 20 seconds left in the 10th. still utilizing the the real estate, still being mobile, but nice faint there by Taz. Goes to the body. Good counter upstairs by Williams. Williams undeterred from this damage. You can see it on his face. And here's another undefeated fighter much earlier in his career, Yois Tez. the international aspect of the sport. From a Dominican champion to a Cuban who hopes to one day be a champion facing a fighter from the fight factory of Philadelphia, Julian JRock Williams now being looked at by the doctor. And they allow him to continue here in round number 11 scheduled for 12. And again, for a guy who is still early in his career, rounds are important. You want to continue to be tested. You want to continue to build insurance build all kinds of functions of your style. And for Tez, he's he's getting valuable experience here tonight against the very experienced Williams. This is also the first time Teas has seen the 11th round and this being his first scheduled 12 round bout. Learning a lot from this fight, obviously taking his time. You don't see no urgency from from Tayas trying to get a knockout. What's Williams learning in this fight, Brian? Learning how good this kid is. Combination, but mostly, let's say, the IQ because how many times has Williams taken away from Great IQ. Absolutely. You're right. But he does find himself along the ropes a bit as well after. And the right hand lands for Tea, but Teas hasn't really made him pay for for being on the ropes. And the cutting off the ring remains an issue. Yeah, again he knows that Williams is still dangerous. He knows he's a great counter puncher. So he does not want to make a mistake also. And that's smart on his side. Just to give you an idea of how Oh, there's a beautiful combination from Williams punctuated by the right uppercut on the inside. Teas in this fight landing seven jabs per round. Williams previous eight opponents landed just three per round. So, the jabing off, the gift of the jab on display for Yennis Tez, and I'm pretty sure he'll develop the gift of the gab as he continues his career. Cutting a promo, very important in combat sports. Nice one, two through the guard by Williams. [Music] And I'm not mad at Williams performance in this fight given the fact that he's fighting a much younger talented tas. There you go. There you go. Potentially add a name like Williams to the resume this early is impressive for Tez. You talk to him. It's not as if he wants to wait around and keep going. He wants to enter the title picture right now. We talked about the championship body shot by the Philly fighter Williams Sebastian the unified champ March 22nd in Las Vegas. JRock did not enjoy that left hook. No, he did not. Nice right hand catches JRock and he gets whacked with that right uppercut on the inside again. And that right uppercut has definitely been a key weapon for Tez when he's landed it. 12th and the final round is here. All right. Listen, listen. Your body language got to be a little bit better, right? Yo, can you give me 3 minutes on the bounce? Yeah. All right. Give me 3 minutes on the bounce, dog. Listen, I'm proud of you, kid. I'm proud of you. You fighting your butt off. Huh? It's close. Listen, here's what I need for you to do. I want you to turn on a hook to the liver. Throw the right uppercut away and put a hook through his [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] liver. Right? Put a hook through his liver. You hear me? through it. You got me close. Yes, it's very close. The fight is close, but I need a hook to deliver. You hear me? I want a hook to deliver the liver. You haven't landed one all night. The one we talking about. You hear me? Don't go crazy, though. Give me 3 minutes on the bounce. You hear me? Steven Breadman Edwards wants Williams to go fishing. He wants him to put a hook through the liver while Ronnie Shields wants Tez to finish strong. He's very happy with how his young prospect has performed here tonight. Last round. The body work of Tez on display, but Williams has been unable to to set up that left hook to the liver. Thanks to the the craft of Euanis Teas has been the aggressor for the majority of this fight, too. He's controlled the turns. He had a couple counter rushes from JRock to open a few rounds. It's that clean, consistent work from Tez. Yeah, beautiful smart pressure. It's like Edwards wants him to get going like a Tarantino story. Can you imagine putting a hook through a liver? I like how he told him he's proud of him. Yes, always. And I am too. I mean, I'm a big JRock fan. Again, same generation. I love him. Good guy. And and the fact that he's fighting a a young Tas and taking him to 12 rounds, you know, take my head off too. This is an old school. Yeah, he is. Well, we saw Jared Herd in the premiums announced he's retiring from the sport. These two have shared the ring and and not to say that regardless of the outcome that this will be the last we see of a guy like Julian Jrock Williams, but question remains, this is the new age. These are the new blood in the division. Yuenis Tez less than a minute and a half left in the fight and for the first time seeing the 12th round in his first to 12 round fight in just his 10th pro bout. So again fast track for Tea. Each time Teas either steps up in opponents, steps up in rounds, he looks like he belongs. That has been the story of this fight. You would like to see it finish from The But at the same time, you don't. Honestly, I want Williams to to go, you know, the 12 the 12 rounds. But he's taking a lot of shots. Look at his eyes already shut. Well, Ta said he wanted to chop away at Williams' endurance. He wanted to punish the body, make him feel every shot. He said he was going to make his abdomen feel the pain. Yeah, we didn't see a lot of body weight. No, in fact though did land 67 and counting body shots compared to just 21 for Williams. And it doesn't look like Redman Edwards is going to get that left foot to the liver regardless of going through the liver. So for the first time in his budgeoning career, Yanni Taylor forced to go 12 rounds with a former unified champion at 154 lbs. Julian Jay Williams, your thoughts on Tanzan's performance tonight? It was good. It was good. Uh again, he was never looking for a knockout. He was trying to learn from this fight, doing crafty things, good placement of punches, uppercuts here in his 10th pro bout. Let's take a look at the numbers and you notice uh one side a lot better than the other. Uh Brian, absolutely. This was a very smart, mature performance from Teas, but he still was able to get off what he does well with that big right hand despite Williams really making him work for it. But you see the advantages in every category. 44% of the power shoting that usually signifies victory in this game. And how about the jab advantage overall as well? Anything over 30% landing total, he's at 36. So really Abner, a mature performance for Yuanis Teas here tonight against the former champ. That's the word, mature performance by Teas. All right, let's go to the always mature, the classy Jimmy Lennon Jr. Ladies and gentlemen, after 12 rounds of action, the judges are in agreement. We have a unanimous decision. Here are the score totals. Judge at ringside, Weslesco Raldon, scores about 118 to 110. Robert Pettis sees it 117 to 111. And Tony Poleno scores about 119 to 109. All three in favor of the winner. He is still undefeated. And now the interim WBA super welterweight world champion, Joanis Elandero. Yeah, class act. Julian Jrock Williams immediately going to congratulate the youngster a comprehensively outpointing a former champion. Mature, poised, and now Yoeni Stez at 24. He's a perfect 10-0 and passes the stiffest test of his career live on pay-per-view. Goes 12 rounds for the first time. Looks the part. It's not going to be long if he keeps this up before he's fighting for a world title and looking to crash the party a top this division.