Kind: captions Language: en uh your feelings on the draw. &gt;&gt; I thought I still pulled it out. U but you know, I still tip my hat to Manny. It was an absolute honor, you know, to share the ring with him, to share the ring with somebody, you know, with so much experience who has accomplished so much in this sport, man. Shout out to all the Mexican fans here. Shout out to all the Filipinos, you know, for supporting this event. It's just huge, you know. I uh by far, you know, the biggest event I've had to date. And uh you know, we still came in here. We we left we left everything in the ring and uh you know like I said I tip my hat to Manny. There's no nothing but love and respect. &gt;&gt; How would you assess his stamina for a 46 year old man? Were you surprised by it? &gt;&gt; Oh, absolutely. No, it's crazy. Uh his stamina uh he could he could still crack, you know, he's still strong as hell and uh you know his timing, his rhythm, everything. Uh he was he was still a very awkward fighter, you know, to to uh try to figure out. &gt;&gt; Did you feel you were falling behind round seven, eight, nine? uh like it was getting away from you? &gt;&gt; Not necessarily that it was getting away from me. I just knew, you know, I had to try to step it up to really, you know, to to solidify a win. &gt;&gt; You won the last three rounds on all the scorecards uh to enable this draw and to win on one one of the judges cards. Um how cognizant of that fact were you? &gt;&gt; Uh very, you know, I was going to the corner. Uh Rich and B were telling me, you know, pick it up. you know, start sorry start you really, you know, pressing him. Uh, that was, you know, the plan in the first place coming in here. You know, try to make him feel old, but man, he still has some he still has some good legs, still has a lot in the tank, and like I said, man, he still has a lot of fight left in him. He'd like a rematch. Will you give him one? &gt;&gt; Absolutely. This was huge, you know, for for boxing. Uh, this is huge. You know, what what what me and him were able to bring here today. I I would love to do it again. Mario, thank