Kind: captions Language: en [Applause] I always want more, more, more. There is no limitations. Joey Spencer right here. I'm ready for my And that will take us to the main event. It is between Australia's Tim Zoo and America's Joey Spencer, who have so much on the line in this fight that'll be seen right across the world. But I'll start with Joey Spencer who joins us from the USA. A record of 19 and one and has a major opportunity in a big fight here against Tim Zoo. Joey, great to see you. A lot of drama through the course of fight week. We thought you might be going home then. You had us all scared here when you weren't here for the press conference. What happened? I was never going home. I was never going home. I was always ready to fight. Uh that was never on the table. There was some little clickbait stuff in the media that I might be pulling out of the fight. That was never the case. We just needed to make sure that what we agreed to before the fight was signed was what ended up happening. Um, you know, this is something that we had talked about 3 months ago. And, um, so they did what was right and we got the judges straight. We're ready to fight. And you kept us waiting here again this afternoon. Where have you been? Where have I been? I, man, I didn't even realize I was late. Okay. I didn't even realize I apologize everybody for being late and and um, you know, yeah, won't happen again. No, it's all good. Um, don't be late on Sunday though. Uh, please. No, no, no, no. I'll be there on Sunday on time. Trust me. Uh, tell us what this opportunity represents to you in your professional boxing career. We know what you've done as an amateur and as a professional, but now you're truly on the big stage here against Tim Zoo on the other side of the world. What does this represent to you, man? It represents a a dream come true. Dream come true. This is what I've wanted to do my entire life. Um, you know, thank God for for the opportunity to to live out my dream. And um everybody uh should chase their dreams. I've chased mine and here I am and I believe with all my heart that this is my time. Everything has come together for this opportunity and uh so I'm just enjoying it. I'm enjoying the moment. I'm enjoying the the people here and it's just it's just great. Couldn't be happier. Couldn't be just more thankful. And you're clearly very confident about this fight. What has made you so confident that you do beat Tim Zoo? Uh just just what I know I've put in, what I know I've got inside me. Um I feel like my journey has brought me to this point. Um you know, like I said, my opponent, I've said this before, my opponent's a great opponent. Uh he's done great things. I think he's extremely dangerous, but at the end of the day, it's not about him. It's about me. And I feel like I've got what it takes to be at this level and uh to win this fight. So much talk about what style of a fight we're going to see. We we saw Tim Zoo the other day in our face off say that he's going to choose violence in the early stages. He's going to go at you. What are you expecting to happen in this fight? I don't know. I don't know. Like I said, it's not all about what he does. It's about what I do as well. It's two guys are going to be in there in the ring and we're going to have to adapt and adjust to each other. um you know, I'm not um um arrogant enough to say that, you know, I'm just going to be able to choose what I do in this fight and and he's not going to respond, right? We're both going to have to respond to each other. I believe this is going to be a competitive fight and um so that means that there's going to be es and flows, adjustments to be made. So, we'll see what he comes out with. I'm going to come out with what I come out with, and we'll see what happens 6 7 8 9 10. Do do you feel he's underestimating you then if he's saying that he can choose the the pace of the early rounds of this fight? I don't really know. I don't know if he's underestimating me or not. I'm not inside his head. Um, you know, he says something different every every interview. So, we don't know what he really feels or thinks. It's probably good on his part, right? I mean, you know, to to keep everybody else guessing. So, um, but that's why I'm not focused on him. I don't need to read into what he's saying. At the end of the day, we're going to come in, we're going to fight, and we'll see what happens. This is a major international event. We'll be broadcast live in the United States as well as here in Australia. What's your message to all your American fans watching back home and to the Australian fans here who are probably on the side of Tim Zoo? Yeah, I mean, everybody who's tuning into the fight, that's what makes it possible for us to be able to get in the ring and and then, you know, feed our family doing what we love to do. So, everybody who is tuning in supporting uh this fight, you know, thank you. And um to my people back home, to the Americans, to my people in my hometown and my hometown area, I do this for you guys. I do this for my family every time I step out there. Um so, yeah, that that's what I have to say. Thank you guys for all the support. That is Joey Spencer. And now talk to Australia's former world champion in Tim Zoo, ladies and gentlemen. Tim, great to see you again. Um, you've been waking up with a different mindset every morning this week. What is it today? How do you start this fight? How does this fight go? Uh, first of all, uh, thank you for everyone being here. Um, I'm glad to be back in back in Newcastle, back in Australia. Um, how does this fight start? Well, look, it could could start either way, but center of the ring, it begins. and and I'll be there right in the middle to to do what I always do and and to meet him there. So, we shall see. What do you think Joey wants you to do in this fight? A lot of talk about judging through the course of the week. Do you think he's trying to outbox you and take this to 10 rounds? I don't really listen to interviews, nor do I uh watch and see read stuff in the media. I just get a couple phone calls from managers, from promoters that that let me be aware of the scenario. All I got told was about these judges. That pissed me off, you know. It pissed me off for the fact that I um whenever we travel, all of us Aussies, we don't get that luxury. You know, we we just get what we what we get. And you know, for for them to come with this mentality, your team wanted to it's it's diva like in my eyes. Your team wanted neutral judging. Look, I'm I'm not saying anything, bro. Your team wanted neutral judging. All right. I'm I'm all for it, bro. I'm all for it. There's no He's trying to manufacture it, but this is what this from my side. I would never never go go down that path. Keep trying to psych yourself up. Trying to what? Psych yourself up. Psych myself up. In what way am I sucking myself? You're trying to manu You're trying to manufacture something that's not there. No, no, no, man. No, it's exact. Well, it's it's fiction. Whatever. Fiction. What you're saying? Fiction. Your team. It's the truth. Your team wanted Did you change the judges? Your team wanted neutral judges. Who who who wanted neutral judges? Mr. Rose. Yeah. So be it. So be it. What? So be it. We were on We were all on the same page. You You You were the guys that started complaining about it. We all talked about it. Who Who was complaining? Who was sooking Who was sooking about going on a plane back home before neutral judges? Wasn't me. I was kicking back at home. Maybe you should start reading. Maybe you should start reading. Never was. Well, there you go. And guess what? This is what I've been told. This is what I've been told. I'm sitting on I'm sitting on my couch at home that you guys are about to about to go. You've been lied to. Of course. Lied to. All right. Well, the beauty of it all is we were able to step in a problem. So, thank God you're here. Thank god you're here. Think about your team lies to you. Your team lies to you. Your team lies to you. Yeah. Yeah. They need you to be all fired up. They're worried about They're worried about you. I'm chilled, brother. They're worried about you. In fact, I am relaxed. Everybody's Why is that, Joey? Why should everyone be worried? Because he, like I said, if he needs so badly to manufacture and create this big drama that was never even there, then obviously he's worried about something. That's what it is. Yeah, you're worried. Worry. I'm I'm scared. So scared. His name's a soul taker. He got a soul taken. Yeah, that's all right. You know, a lot a lot of great again, a lot of great fall. And it's not about how you fall. It's about how you get back up. And this is my redemption. This is how I get back up. Okay. Good for you. And you're part of the you're part of the story. So, thank you for that. And that's cool. I'm very thankful for it, too. I'm thankful to be here, but at the end of the day, don't say something happened that didn't happen cuz we have it in writing. That's what I've been told, man. We have it in writing. Don't shoot the message. You can put it out. You guys requested the judges. We made it happen. We put in the the request through the Combat Sports Authority to get the W. It was either you or your brother. It was either you or your brother that said that we needed qualified judges. We have it in writing on a text message. We can release it to the public. You said that. Don't lie. You're trying You're trying to sell a fight. That's all you're trying to do. And you're trying to make me the bad guy. At the end of the day, I we agreed to neutral judging before we came out here. You guys kept your word. That's the base level of what should be expected between men doing business. It's not what we agreed on, but it's what we made happen for you. We're gonna fight. Like Tim said before, anytime we haven't complained about I'm in your backyard, Spencer, I'm in your backyard, Tim. George, do you want to just clarify what some of what's being said here and uh your position on what Joey is saying? Yeah, look, very clear. We're fighting under New South Wales Combat Sports Authority rules and that's the rules. So we we went out of our way to make it happen so that you could get WBO sanctioning, so that you get neutral judges, so you we flew people in in 48 hours notice. So we've been able to make that happen. And like you said, you're you're not a bad guy. You're actually a really nice guy. And that's something that I don't like when our opponent's a really nice guy because I'm looking forward to Timmy getting his hand raised here. But you put a lot of pressure on us to to get the judges in and we've got the judges in. Now we've got to fight. So, Sunday, there's no complaining. We've got neutral judges. You're right. Next question. Tim, um, he has been a nice guy throughout the buildup to this, but it's a very different mood here today. What do you think is going on? I I like him, man. Honestly, I reckon he's a good guy. Good family man, but but right now, this is this is business, you know? Like, we're we're both ready to punch on. We're both ready to fight. And I'm angry. I'm angry. And and he's in the way, man. That's simple, man. I forgive you. I feel sorry. I never said sorry. And what am I saying sorry for? He's clearly not happy though, Tim. Um Joey is clearly not happy for don't shoot the messenger. I get told stuff and then this is what happened. And he's also he's also said your nickname's the soul taker, but you got your soul taken. Clearly a reference to your last fight. Any response? That's fine. That's fine. Honestly, no problem. Let him sleep better at night if it makes him feel better. You know, that's all right. What do you see happening in this fight, Tim? Uh you you look ahead to your fights, I know, and you you picture the endings of them. When you look at this fight, what happens in it? I think we're going to go to war, man. I think we're going to go to war. I think he's a he's a good fighter, moves around, and you know, he brings the aggression as well. I seen I seen a couple of his fights, he he really turns it on. So, when he said, "Meet me at the center, I was like, "Oh, sweet." You know, it's going to be one hell of a fight. Um we shall see. You know, that's the beauty about boxing. All it takes is one punch, and whoever lands the first punch is the one that is in control. So, Sunday night, you'll see. You've taken a few deep breaths and calmed down a bit now, but I know you were you seem to be getting a bit angry with some of the stuff you were saying. I'm good. I'm good. I'm just It is what it is, man. You know, Divas will always beat Divas. Any extra motivation in some of this stuff? No. No. I'm I'm I'm always pumped. I'm always excited. Uh it's been one hell of a buildup, uh one hell of a show, and uh I'm grateful to be in this position. I'm grateful to to put on such a such a great international belt in Australia with such a great undercard on uh on Fox. This is uh this is as good as he gets. All right, we'll finish up now, but uh Joey, before we do this, this is the end of the talking before we go to the weigh-in tomorrow and the fights on Sunday morning Australian time. Your final words, Joey, to Tim Zoo after everything that's been said here today. I've said enough, Tim. Do you want to finish this off? The nightmare, the nightmare will begin very, very shortly. What'd he say? He said, I'll let him go again. Listen better. Get him to rewatch it. Stop mumbling, bro. He said, "The nightmare will begin very shortly." Those were the words from from Tim Zoo. Any responses we finish, Joey? Finishing there. Tim. Yeah, I'm not. That'll do. All right. Thank you so much for joining us at the press conference. We will now face off our main event fighters, Joey Spencer and Tim Zoo here up behind the top table with our promoter George Rose in between them. So, you've heard from plenty of this stacked undercard. And now we'll see them face off before they weigh in tomorrow. And then on Sunday morning, Australian time, they fight. So 9:30 a.m. Australian Eastern Standard Time, the broadcast will begin with the prelims on Fox Sports. 11:00 a.m. Australian Eastern Standard Time, main event pay-per-view. And it all culminates, of course, in this big fight, Australia against the United States, Tim Zoo and Joey Spencer. [Music] Okay, let's get them to face [Music] off. Heat. Heat. [Music] N. [Music] Let's hear it for Tim and Joey Spencer. Thanks so much for joining us at today's press conference. We'll see you tomorrow at the weighin. I'm Ben Damon. I'll see you at the fights. [Music] So there you go. Another intense face off between Tim Zoo and Joey Spencer. They'll get the chance to do it one more time tomorrow before weighing in or after weighing in, I should say. And we'll bring you that uh live here on Fox. But Sean Porter, I mean, it was all friendly in the end there. They shook hands and had a bit of a smile, but uh that certainly escalated. There is definitely bad blood between these two. Uh I think um you know, I think both guys are like at the exact same point in their careers, which is what I really love about this fight. This is a a a win-win situation for both these guys. They have to win this fight. That's how every fight is, but this one especially especially for Tim being here in Newcastle. So, you know, the energy and we see them smiling and and and handshaking at the end. It's the funny thing about boxing, you know, you have to have this chip on your shoulder, but the same on the other shoulder, you just have to have this level of respect, you know. Were you surprised to see Joey T off the way he did? Have you seen that side of him before? I've known Joey since he was uh before he was 17. And I've noticed since he turned pro at 17, I've never seen Joey at that level. So that was uh impressive in a lot of ways. There you go. Sean has just said that he hasn't seen Joey be like that before. I mean, you've had a couple of moments now to to come away. You had a bit of a laugh and shake of hands with him up there, but how do you feel after, I suppose, being attacked the way you were just then? Who? Me? Yeah. I was uh just pushing some buttons. I was having fun. I was having fun with it, you know. You know, you got to see how how people react. The first time we saw we had the face off, I could see the way he cuz I didn't I was trying to read him. So, I got a little bit more of a read. You know, it's all about reading your opponent. But what about the way he attacked you and saying that your teams lied to you? That must have irritated you a bit. Um, honestly, I couldn't care less what he said. Yeah, I was going to ask it. It seemed like he was very definitive in what he was talking about and you were kind of like in the dark. Yeah. Is that Were you actually in the dark or you just kind of like, you know, like you said, just reading? Look, um I got told certain things, you know, and and that's how I go go by and uh and then I just ignore it. I get told and and then I say something and that's it and I ignore it and and uh they've made a big deal out of something that's so small. And we'll move on from that. Let's talk about the energy coming from you this week. I said you look even happier than I've ever seen you before. You look even more relaxed than I've ever seen you before. kind of take us through how you feel now, how things are progressing for you since the last one. Yeah, I think uh with experience you learn uh not to to be so tensed and so try to be overwhelmed to to a certain extent. I think he's a bit overwhelmed. He's uh he's got a lot of this built-in pressure. You're thinking about the fight non-stop. I'm not even thinking about the fight right now. You know, I I got a fight in 2 days. We'll think about it when the when the fight comes. Right now, it's it's all about stages of your prep, stages of your career, stages of life. the comment about getting your soul taken. Did you think he was going to roll that out at at some point? That's that's always going to be a given, especially what happened. But again, it's uh it's not the fall, it's it's how you you get up from the fall. As Ben said, we've seen um you know, different things from you in the leadup to this fight, you know, taking more of a conservative approach, fighting fire with fire. Today, you said you're going to go to war. Do you think you'll know what you're going to do until you you won't know what you're going to do until you actually get in that ring? I know what I'll do. I know exactly what's going to play out. Uh sometimes you have to let your opponent be confused and imagine things that that aren't even real and think about things that aren't even real. So uh it's the art of war. What's been the advice from your team going into it? Or are they leaving it up to you, Tim? Oh, no. No one's really spoken to me about much. I just do my thing and I know what to do. Good. I I got nothing else for the kid. I think he's ready. We'll let him go. Uh, we're going to have Joey Spencer come and join us in just a moment. What did you make of him then, Sean? How does he how does he seem to you? You know, when I first came over here to to to to cover Tim, he was very puzzling to me. He was cryptic. He was the energy was just a little different. I felt like I saw him mature and kind of become, you know, somewhat of a a more kind of, you know, stand up and I'm going to say exactly what I mean kind of guy and do exactly what I want to do kind of guy. And that kind of seems like he's back to being his old self, you know. All right, Joey, how are you? Great to to meet you. Great to chat with you. Um, how do you feel after everything that went down there? You is your is your energy up a little bit? Your heart racing? Yeah, a little bit, but I think that's the way it's supposed to be. We're getting ready to fight. We're only a couple days away. Um, so yeah, I I feel good though. Sean Sean said he hadn't seen that side of you before. Yeah. You know, it's not uh I think it's when I don't know. He was sitting there talking like like I said fiction like something that didn't ever happen was never the case. So when I I'm being questioned, you know, character-wise, especially when it's something that never happened, I'm going to respond to that. Um the only thing that was put into place before we agreed to this fight, there'd be two neutral judges, one Australian judge, um that was agreed to three month three months ago and then they told us on fight week that wasn't going to be the case. Uh we said, you know, we let let's honor our word and let's make that happen. We have in writing that right after we sent that message, uh my dad sent a message and said, just to be clear, no one is pulling out of this fight. will be fighting regardless whether there's three Australian judges or one and um we're just asking that you honor your word. So that's the way that that was all all done and it was documented. So no pull out on my side. I would never pull out of a fight over something like that. So any concerns at all coming over here to Australia to fight Tim beyond the judges? Any any concerns with, you know, just having to fight someone such as Tim in his backyard? Sue Castle. Um, no, I'm I'm I'm leaning into it. I'm I'm relishing it. I'm I'm excited about it because at the end of the day, everybody everybody's done it at some point, right? You you know, it's it's a part of a a journey and and I wanted to experience it. So, when I got that call, of course, it's not like the most ideal thing in the world, but I'm excited about fighting in somebody else's backyard in front of their fans and and their screaming fans. It's it's part of the journey. I'll say this real quick. I know we got to let you go. When I saw you, you were 17 years old, no facial hair, nothing. It's been a little while since I've seen you in the ring. How much maturing have you done in the last maybe 2 years or so? And what's going to be different on fight night for you? I've matured a lot. Um, it's like I said up there, I felt like my journey and my my the process has been long, but it's brought me to where I'm at right now. I feel like it's brought me to this point. um because it's my time and and you know, God's done a lot in my life over the last several years. He's used boxing a lot um to shape me into into what he wants and I'm not there yet, but I feel like I'm ready um to take a step like this. So, I have faith in him. You've seen a fair bit of Tim uh since you've been here. You've been here for quite a while. Did you notice anything different today? I mean, we look at him, he he looks relaxed to us, but um now that this fight is getting so close, anything to you that suggests the reality of this fight, the enormity of it is is really starting to sink in for him. Only only um I I watch everything. I watch all everything. I try to listen to what he's saying, try to get a read. And maybe it is gamesmanship to keep me from being able to do that. But I do see somebody unsure from the standpoint that he every question asked can be the same question asked five different times, he gives five different answers. To me, that makes me feel like it's somebody who is trying to say what he's supposed to say and he's speaking to himself as much as he's speaking to the camera. Every time that I answer, you know, questions, it's consistent because I believe in my heart. So, that's one thing I say I take from it. I don't know if uh if you can make too much out of it, but it's just something. Yeah, fair point. We'll talk about that in a moment, but hey, appreciate your time. Good luck over the next 24 hours. See you back here tomorrow. Thank you so much. Yeah, he uh he raises a a good point, Joey Spencer. Actually, we'll get George Rose in for a quick chat. Georgie, you've you've been in a few different press conferences in your time, but that one certainly got to another level unexpectedly. I didn't expect it at all. As I said before, they're two really nice guys. You know, I was expecting a very placid press conference and and wasn't expecting any fireworks to kick off, but it well and truly did. Do you want to clear it up for us? I mean, Joey said, you know, to Tim that his team's lied to him and whatnot. Do you want to clear it up, put it to bed once and for all? Look, the thing that I'm happy about that I'm most happy about is it wasn't easy to get it done, but we do have both teams happy. At the end of the day, we've got neutral judges. We've flown in internationals to for to be seen as as fair or or whatever they might want to see it as. It's fair. We've got international judges. Everybody's happy. Tim didn't care either way. He was happy with who he doesn't care who's judging cuz he's not looking forward to the judges. He's he's ending it early. But it wasn't an easy process for us to have to go through to get it done. But we got it done. How did the Spencer camp know that there was a situation with the judging uh beforehand or? Yeah, like right. Like how do they know that you guys didn't have international judges here? Well, because under under New South Wales Combat Sports Authority rules, they use their registered judges. So, and and that's what any fight in New South Wales falls under New South Wales Combat Sports Authority rules. So, you've got to use registered judges through New South Wales, which means there's very few international judges registered with New South Wales. So, um, to get that to go through that process, you've got a request for a significant contest. We went through that process at very late notice. Got it through thankfully and really appreciative of of them getting that through. Uh, and we're now at the point where we're able to fly in international judges at the last minute. They're here. They're ready. They're ready to to score a fantastic fight on Sunday. Nice to add a bit of extra spice though into this on press conference day because we probably went in thinking it was going to be a fairly respectful and composed interaction, final interaction between these two. It was anything but. No. And then I mean there's there's so much tension building and you know Timmy mentioned he's a little bit angry at the moment and they both would be getting to that point too, but uh the tension is building. There's so much on the line for both of these guys. There's a huge opportunity on the back end of it. You know it it puts springboards a winner straight back into contention with the rest of the 154 lb division and that's where Timmy Zoo is going to be. Appreciate your time George. Thank you. Well done as always. We'll see you tomorrow for for weigh in day. I just want to say, do you feel like you're any clearer to knowing what's going to happen in this fight? Because as we said before, you know, Tim's he has pretty much woken up and said something different for the past week. We've gone from a conservative fight to him uh going toe-to-toe with Joey to him saying today we're expecting a war. Do you think it is a bit of just ducks and drakes from him or or he generally doesn't know what's going to happen? I think Tim is back to being Tim, you know, being cryptive and and and secretive and things of that nature. I think he knows exactly what he needs to do to win the fight. I think he knows what he wants to do. Uh whether or not Joey's going to comply is another thing. And like I said before, I've known Joey since he was 17 years old. He's a he's a man now, which we we should have I should have expected. Um so with that being said, I'm I was I was used to seeing a young kid box and he had some he had some hiccups along the way. I'm I'm curious to see what the man looks like now from Joey. So whatever the case, I know that the Rose brothers know exactly what they did when they made this fight. They made a good competitive fight that makes sense on both sides and we win at the end. We do. We love the bit of extra spice that's happened today. Sean, great to get your thoughts as always. We'll see you back here. Cheers. I always want more, more, more. There is no limitations. Joey Spencer right here. Ready for the come back. I'm ready for my comeback. Back.