Kind: captions Language: en These are the numbers on an allimp important fight in the career paths of Zoo and Spencer. Boys, we don't have the rules in the dressing rooms. There any questions? Let's rock and roll. In Newcastle, it's time for Zoo v. Spencer. Tim Zoo back on home soil. Spencer back into that position. Yeah. trying to cut off the ring. And downstairs goes Spencer as Zoo goes over the top when he chooses to use them. Yeah, interesting. He sat in Southpool for a long time at the back half of that. Two shots and then we're done. Especially not not in in this kind of environment. That'll never get the job done. Free hand works for Zoo Spencer. He's against the ropes now. And again. So the back on the ropes. There's the camp out for Spencer. But now he finds his way back into center ring and Zoo starts to work on him. Two good hooks right there from Tim. And they chant Zucas as Spencer beckons Tim Zoo forward. And he goes to the body to Zoo and over the top as well. Spencer tried to throw his own shot. Jab gets through from Spencer as Zoo threw a nice left hand around the guard goes Spencer. Zoo comes straight back and it's starting to pick up here. Right hand Zoo. Spencer just waiting in front of him now. And Zoo on the [Applause] jab and the pace picks up. Right hand Zoo again. Spencer just ducks with it. Hooking and hooking again is Spencer. And be ready on defense. Just screwed one through the guard. There did Spencer. Little uppercut as Zoo tries to find him. It opens up now. Body shot from Joey coming back. Yes. Good uh good uh good offense coming from from Tim to start that. Yeah. And then Zoo missed over the top and Spencer came straight back with a good scoring shot to the body. And that's exactly where this corner reeling at. Good shot Zoo. Uppercut scored and they surge behind him as Zoo opens up. Spencer, he's flatfooted and he's in trouble and now he's against the ropes in a dangerous position as Zoo goes to work. Spencer comes back, but it's all Zoo pouring in the pressure. The cow comes in and it's Zoo from the ashes. He's back with a bang. Tim Zoo breaks down Joey Spencer in Newcastle, Australia. You You're so ready to go. But when he found the moment right here, he went for it. He didn't let Joey off. Joey hold heard the ref talking to him. Hey, you got to do something. Method TKO in favor of your winner, Blue Connor. The return of the soul taker Tim Zoo. [Music]