Kind: captions Language: en Ladies and gentlemen, we welcome you to Gold Coast Convention and Exhibition Center here in beautiful Gold Coast, Queensland, Australia, as No Limit Boxing at the Rose Brothers presents the featured attraction of the evening. Presented in association with Premier Boxing Champions and TGB Promotions, sponsored by Strategic Partners Major Events Gold Coast and Tourism and Events Queensland. This bout is sanctioned by the WBO, President Francisco Von Carcel, and the supervisor is Danny Lee along with the AMBF. Introducing our three judges scoring from ringside. From Australia, Christopher Condan from Japan, Masakusa Muras. And from the United States, Daniel Sandova. Introducing our referee in charge. He's our third man in the ring, Donrex Topdasan. All right, fans. Here we go with the main event of the evening. 12 rounds of boxing for the interim WBO Super Welterweight World Championship. And now, ladies and gentlemen in attendance and boxing fans joining us around the world, live on Fox main event and KO Sports pay-per-view. And live from Australia's beautiful Gold Coast, it's showtime. Introducing to you first, the challenger on my right, fighting out of the red corner, wearing red trunks with black and white trim. Joining us from Ensanala, Baja California in Mexico, he weighed in at 69.74 kg or 153 and 3/4 pounds with a record of 35 wins and two losses. He has 23 wins coming by way out knockout today. Making his Australian debut. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the former world title challenger and the current hard-hitting world rank contender. Introducing Carlos Chao [Applause] and his opponent across the ring is the defending world champion. Fighting out of the blue corner wearing black trunks with gold trim residing in Carb and fighting out of Sydney, Australia. He weighed in at a ready 69 12 kg or 153 and 1/4 lb. Representing the acclaimed family boxing legacy, he is undefeated in his career with a record of 22 wins, no losses, 16 wins coming by whale knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, here is boxing's popular young superstar of Australia, presenting the current, undefeated, reigning and defending interim WBO champion of the world. Introducing Tim Zoo. [Music] Once again, our referee in charge now to give instructions. Done. Reps top. Okay, Sim Carlos, I already gave your instructions in the dressing room. [Applause] Top Dustin, 14-year pro, working his 531st pro fight. He was also the fight the he was also the referee for Zeus fight against Tony Harrison. Some felt that he may have stopped that fight prematurely. Interesting. So, he gets this assignment. We begin round number one, the undefeated Tim Zoo against Carlos Okmpo. It's scheduled for 12 at 154 lbs. Both of them aggressive, both good body punchers, usually the ingredients for fistic fireworks. You know, Tim Zoo is not always the quickest starter. Well, how about in this one? Maybe he is the quickest starter. Vicious one, too. He He's come out with a different mindset here. Uh, and you know, he was dropped against Cash in round one. He took a couple rounds to get going against Harrison, but now he's going and he is sitting down on these combinations. Already has OPO on roller skates. Oh, combo's against the ropes and my goodness, Zoo is hitting him like a home run already. But he has to be careful now. Zoo missing with some wild shots, but Oko is still rattled. My goodness, what a start by Zoo. Down goes Okmpo with the laser right hand. Oh, combo goes down for the second time. The first time since he was stopped by Errol Spence in the opening round. And it looks like Zoo looking to close the show. Mama Mia Lights camera knockout. What a statement made by Tim Su. I would say he had a quick start. The dog bite brought out the dog in the soul taker. Put this in perspective. Sebastian Fondor, 154 pounder, hit Okmpo a lot over 12 rounds. Did not knock him down. Look what Timoo did. That's impressive. If this is not a statement of, hey, I want the big names. I don't know what it is. You know, Tinsu did his job in front of his hometown like he always does, but oh my god, in one round and how he did it, it's phenomenal. So, Timoo more than ready for his closeup with Jamal Char, I'll say. So, and you know, a shocking win really because as we go back and look at it, Zoo came right out and we, you know, we had the right hand in the keys to victory. Who knew it was going to be the end like this so quickly? And the right hand of Zoo is a very powerful punch. People believe he's one of the hardest punchers at 154. He certainly is. And he came right out and did it. Oh, this time he got it wrong because he predicted it. Fifth round knockout and he did it in one round. Tim Sue and just the way he did it, I mean that that's his money maker. The right hand, he said it sets it up really well. It was open for the taken and uh he took it and Okapo was just trying to survive there. And the left hook was hook wasn't any uh uh was pretty good too. And uh that was it for uh Okapo. And the interesting thing is using the jab as a rangefinder, Zoo was able to get that right hand in. And it's true, he doesn't always start this quickly. He said obviously to himself, I'm coming out and I'm going to make a statement to this guy. He's not coming to me. I'm coming to him. And that's exactly what he did. Now he's coming for Jamal Charlo. Yeah. He, you know, we can't wait for that fight. And he is waited long enough, but he's getting ready. And of course, Charlo was uh had the two fractures in his hand. Still recovering from that, but Tim Zoo making short work, microwaving Carlos Okmpo picking up his fourth first round knockout the building and Tim Zoo both and Fuego. And for the fans watching, the casual fans that might not realize this, I said it before, I'm going to say it again. Sebastian Fondor, one of the best 154 pounders, blasted a combo over 12 rounds. Hurt hit him with big shots. Did not hurt him. Zoo knocked him out in one round. [Music] sharing a nice moment with his wife. This is a big moment for Tim Zoo. Yeah, and I got to add it's how he did it also. I mean, he you mentioned it, Alice. He started off fast and he he did not want to take a step back. We mentioned that Carlos Okmpos is known to pressure, you know, to push you back. He was a big guy, but you know, Tim Su just came here to make a statement and he did it. Beautiful fashionable way. I mean, the power was there, the the the precise punches, the right hand. You saw everything in one round. Well, he did to Carlos Okmpo what his father did to the Mexicans that he fought. Abner, I apologize. Let's make it official. Ladies and gentlemen, we have the time of 1 minute 17 seconds in round number one. He is a winner by way of knockout and still the undefeated interim WBO champion of the world, Tim Zoo. The soul taker taking the soul from Carlos Okmpo in the opening three minutes. Now 23-0 with 17 knockouts.