Kind: captions Language: en [Applause] There's a right hook landed and FOR is really starting to let his hands go more. Luben trying to withstand it. A big uppercut, but now Luben with a shot of his own. There's a left hand that might have stunned Fora. Fora backs away. Luben ripping into the body. Huge left hand connected again by Luben. [Applause] There's a huge uppercut. Stuns Luben. Lubman's legs win limp. That was a huge uppercut. Luben's trying to fight. Another uppercut. Fora with the left hand backs Luben up. Luben is in trouble. Another uppercut. Fora starting to let go. A left hook landed for Luben. Oh my goodness. And down goes Luben. Pora. He's feeling it. Luben is stunned. Luben is stunned, but he may make it out of the round. And Fura with the jab, followed up with an uppercut. And just put Luben down from Dora putting all the pressure on Hammer. There's our stiff jab. Uppercut followed up by Luben. What a fight already here in round three. There's that right hand. Luben connected. Uppercut. Body shot by Luben. Another shot. Uppercut again and Fondora starting to tee off but Luben fighting back countering. He is not going to go down easy looking for that knockout and there is another straight left connected for Luben. it on as they came out and he was going for broke trying to finish off Luben but Luben credit to him. He was not going to let it be easy and he really started to come on connected through shots. There was a huge right hand just missed on Fondora and then there was a straight left that connected hook from Fondora. Connected with an uppercut as now he continues to let his hands go looking for that uppercut. connected with a big right hand and another left uppercut by Fedora. He's starting to te off for Lum's got to be careful. There's the jab. Another left hook. Another big time uppercut. Waiting for that opportunity. A big time uppercut. And now he needs a right hand from Luben. It's been an absolute beating here by Fondora. And now Luben stuns Fora. My goodness is in trouble. Let him go for major trouble. He is down. Is down. What a performance by Lumin answer. 6 7 8 There you see the replay. Left hook connected and just a straight left right hook and Fura was on shaky legs and you saw the frustration. Can he recover though? trying to unload with that left hand. Uppercut connected by Fondora has impressed in the corner and another uppercut as Fondora with a strong round nine. Upon the completion of round number nine, at the request of the blue corner referee Russell Mora waves off the contest, the official TKO for the winner who's still undefeated, the towering inferno Sebastian from