Kind: captions Language: en All right, we are set for the official introductions. Here once again is Jimmy Lennon Jr. Well, fans from Barlay Center here in Brooklyn, New York, Premier Boxing Champions presents the co-main event of the evening brought to you by GTD Promotions and TGB Promotions as sponsored by DraftKings Sportsbook. The crown is yours. Now, this bout is sanctioned by the WBA, the president in attendance, Huto Jesus Mendula. Introducing our three judges. Scoring from ringside, we have from New York, Max Duca. Also from New York, Tom Shrek, and from Quebec, Canada, Benois Rousel. Introducing our third man to the ring. He will be giving instructions after the introductions, Harvey Duck. All right, fans, here we go. 12 rounds of boxing scheduled in the co-main event of the evening for the WBA Super Lightweight Championship of the World. Introducing to you first on my left, he is tonight's challenger. Fighting out of the red corner, wearing gold trunks with white trim, representing Washington DC and the pre-minent boxing family from Capitol Heights, Maryland. He weighed in at 138.2 2 lb with a record of 17 wins. One defeat with all 17 wins coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the hard-hitting world ranked super lightweight contender. Introducing Gary Antoine Russell. [Applause] And his opponent across the ring is the defending champion. Fighting out of the blue corner wearing white trunks with red and green trim. He is fighting out of Seattle, Washington by way of Los Mochi Sinoa, Mexico. He weighed in at 138.8 lb with a record of 14 wins and two losses. He has nine wins coming by way of knockout. Tonight, he is making the first defense of his title. Please welcome the newly crowned allaction defending WBA super lightweight champion of the world, Jose Elo Venuela. Once again, a referee in charge is Harvey Doc. Now to give instructions. All right, bring them out. Bring them out. [Music] Okay, boxers, you received your instructions earlier. As a reminder, obey my commands at all times. Protect yourself at all times. Touch him up. Good luck. Harvey Doc is a referee again. Valenuela's first fight in New York City for Gary Russell. He is 5-0 here at Barlay Center with five knockouts. Let's watch the early start from Russell. He said he learned so much from that loss. He has a chip on his shoulder. He said, "I've got to dismantle Venuela in every way possible." Venuela, native of Los Mois, Mexico, now based in California. And of course, when you think Mexico, you think 140 lbs. You think of the one and only Julio Cesar Chavez. For many, the best 140 pounder in history. So many big wins in that division, including against well the biggest audience ever to see boxing over 132,000 when he beat Greg Hogan. I want to wish our condolences and sympathies to the family of Greg Hogan who lost his battle with cancer last weekend. True warrior. There's the pressure right away from Russell, but not not getting in too close. He's being cautious as well because he know that everybody is a great counter. There's a great jab from Russell early on and speed already on display and he's putting the pressure on early virtual pick on the betting line and you're already seeing it early. He's tense fighters coiling at close range here. Eight first round KOs for Russell. Last one against Kent Cruz in August of 2023. 14 of his seven K 10ks have come in the first four rounds. He's never been knocked down in his career. Minute and a half already gone here in the first Russell throwing punches in bunches. He's already thrown 35 punches compared to just 17 for Valenuela. Yeah, that's how you do the fight. Pressure body punching being in front of Venezuela. Vanilla is not getting comfortable right now. Valenuela bringing that versatility to the ring. We saw against box of range. He can also mix it up on the inside. Minute left now. The jab is so effective for West. Really like this pressure from Wing to the trying to pull off maybe the ball or the puncher in. And he he tried it there. Venezuela tried a sneaky uppercut that landed, but yeah, Russell took it well. Sneaky body shot by Venuela. Then he goes upstairs. Russell goes to the body, then misses with the right hook. As Brian mentioned before our last fight, the 140 lb championship fights, all southpaws here tonight. Another lefty versus lefty match up. Well, that was what they told us. He may have lost the fight against the South Pawkins, Edwin de los Santos, may have lost the fight to Chris Colbert who switched stances a lot, but he said, "I was a different fighter then. I'm much more patient. I'm much more mature." And don't call it a company, but wow, talk about redemption. Destroyed by Edwin Deos Santos. Controversially beaten by Chris Colbert and then emphatically stops Colbert in the rematch and then goes on to become a champion. Great opening round for Russell. 73 punches thrown, landed 15 compared to 10 of 35 for Valenuela. Really intelligent. Get your distance. Good distance. Little step back and you're going to find him. Legs. Legs. Move your legs. Move your legs. Hands up. Bend your knees. Well, maybe none of us could have seen the John Cena chamber, Brian Campbell. All of us are seeing this great title match here between Valenuela and Russell. And Russell off to a cinding start, my friend. They say it would never happen. Yeah, Russell started exactly how he said he was. Fast, strong, pushing Venezuela back and and not letting get Venuela get comfortable. Your reaction would be priceless. By the way, two and well, the reaction of Russell here after the first loss, you got to be pleased with his start out. Yes, really pleased again not letting that jab go. He's not getting them rhythm. Well, you want to talk about motivation. Russell told us first and foremost, this is a title fight I have plenty to be motivated for. He took over when Valuel said to the media this week that Russell was quote nothing special. Russell said, I personally heard Michael Jordan say that beautiful speed there. The double right hugs to the body and then upstairs by Russell. Expertly executed. And it's uh all Gary Antoine Russell here in the early stages of this fight. No reaction from Valenuela. No counter punching. He's he's thinking too much. He's overthinking. Getting out worked. Meanwhile, Russell going to the body, but mixing it upstairs, downstairs, utilizing that fast jab. There's a good counter by Valenuela, but Russell staying on top of him, coring him in the corner, has him on the ropes. Great punching, placement, variety. It's all on display here from Kerry Russell. Yeah, I definitely never seen this style of aggression. You know, the P 35 Purples cruis in his last fight. Different style, different style, smaller right-handed out there. Oh, and then leaves with the right hook, left hand combination by Russell. What do you notice? Bela led the dance against Pit Bull. He dictated the turns. He controlled the distance. Russell not giving him that opportunity this round. Just an irritant jab. I mean, just really annoying his auto correct there. Abner just continues to bother Valenuela with the jab. And Valenuela unable to get on track. Just already carry Russell through two rounds has thrown a combined 143 punches. Over 70 punches a round, but again, not as accurate, but throwing a lot of punches. Let's listen in. Taking off a little bit in the head. You're taking off too [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] much. Keep take your left hand out the holster. Don't pull them down. When you get inside, I need you to touch the body on both sides. Keep your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hands up. You understand? Hey, you have to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hands up. Got to keep your paws up at all time. You hear me? Throw that water from the first round. Good jab again Russell disrupting the rhythm, keeping him busy. Yeah, it's not landing, but he's keeping Valuela entertained and uncomfortable. And guys, that's the end swell by the way in Russ that Mike Tyson should have had on that fateful night in February in Japan against Buster Douglas. You mean a rubber glove? Round number three. Shout out to Aaron Snow for training that night. Although I don't think he'd appreciate the sound as Russell, you have to appreciate his work with the jab. Foundation being laid. Russell just continues to pour on the pressure as Venuela on the ropes again early in round three. Well, through two rounds, Russell has thrown more than twice the amount of punches as Valenuela. That has been the story of this fight. And I like what Gary Wilson, his brother in his corner told him, work the body when you get in close body. There's a few explos I like to swear now. I was going to say, but uh the body work is uh definitely on display, but also total punches landed. It's all for Gary Antoine Russell and and has kept Valenuela on the back foot after. Yeah, really on the back foot. We're right now trying to push him back, trying to get comfortable in the center of the ring. But again, by the way, I'm not letting his punches go overinking too much. But the speed advantage for Russell on display, right? Well, it's the speed, it's the power, it's the pressure, the angles. A very impressive start. The question becomes, can land the type of punches of consequence that can get him off? Here you go. A different tactic now from trying to push him back left. The punches keep coming from Russell. I mean, it's incredible. He has thrown 191 total punches compared to just 84 to keep up this pace. Can he get well? We've seen him be able to do it because of the the power and the the the conditioning, the smarts. This guy is built for this kind of fight. There was some body shots land a little while ago. A little while ago. And he landed really good. Russell's there's the body work from Russell continues to be the factor and another body shot keeping Venuela frozen leading with the body shot coming right back with the right uppercut Russell there 45 seconds left here in the third and Russell bouncing back thus far in impressive fashion after that split decision set back his first loss against Alberto Quo when they were fighting fighting for 140 lb title, but wanting to snatch the title away from Venuela here tonight. Oh, Valenuel just with that left hand. That is Russell in the corner. Can he continue? Can he? But it's Russell, guys, who's being the target beautifully. Explosive speed trying to take pressure. He's getting hit from coming in. There's a jab from all muscle in terms of offense. Breathe. Breathe. How do you feel? Good. You're trying. You're catching him a lot more. Don't let him get big. Don't let him get comfortable. Take that straight around. Yeah. Go around. And these are the body shots that I was talking about that Valenuela landed in the last round in the inside. There's Gary uh Antoine Russell landing his own, but here it is. The straight right to the body and the overhand left. And there's another body shot from Venuela. Good shots there, but the last round Gabon Russell got the best of through three rounds. Russell's averaging 80 punches thrown per round. Valenuela just 33. One of the criticisms of Venuela about Russell's game was he said, "Look, he's consistent, but I think he's too consistent with the same patterns." We've seen variety of Russell to start this fight. Overwhelming Venuela at times. There's a one two Venuela trying just to defend, unable to turn it into offense. I think Venuela the camp and everyone knew that this fight was going to be really difficult because Russell would not get on let him get comfortable. He was going to press push him now box and there it is. Yeah. So far this is proving to be as comfortable as a without Novac Venuela. Little bit of blood on the bottom lip of Gary Antoine Rosing with that right hook. There's the stab jab to the body by Venuela. counter again upstairs by a Russell. How about that right there? Beautiful. [Applause] Venzo has the power to turn the momentum in his favor here, but he just keep cleanly with this big shot. Yeah, he's got to land something clean, something hard to get Russell's attention and push him back, but nothing yet so far. It's all been Russell, you mentioned it earlier, Valenuela is landing some sneaky body shots. Perhaps they will maybe start to take their toe, but they have to be a lot more uh consistent. Yes. frequent consistent but he is landing some body work by him again he's got to let those hands go he's letting Russell did take the pace leads with a right hook to the body lands cleanly Venuela puts together a common the defense there from Venuela yeah but he's not making him pay you make him miss you make him pay the Abner Mars Hey, along with a great haircut, right? Yeah, that is for sure. And I like Russell's aggression. It's a smart aggression. He's not just going in there and throwing punches. Yeah, you're right. It's It's a different kind of pressure. It is. And now Valenuela on the front foot trying back again. You never know. Is he backing Russell up or is Russell trying to lower him into a trap? Venezuela and now this is the area of the concern of you interesting to get involved in an exchange with Gary Russell Jr. wonder how that will play out Gary hands Russell thank you Gary Russell Jr. Man, he had Melford Taylor type hat speed at 140. Of course, Mel Taylor's big name at 140. Crowd continues to fill up here at Barlay Center, expecting in excess of 18,000 people. And Jervante Tank Davis, who already had the biggest combat sports gate here in Brooklyn, he's doing it again tonight, beating his record, the number two gate behind a Rolling Stones. I was going to say, I think Keith should be a little Javant's coming. And yes, they are getting ready to do battle as uh Russell and Valenuela continue to battle here. Now, round number five. Yeah, it's time to make adjustments if you're Venezuela. You got to counter. You got to give Russell something to think about. And Russell, I mean, you just got to keep doing what you're doing, which is the pressure. The consistency. The consistency for sure, you know, every round. He his fight low 72, his fight high 80 thrown. So he's definitely consistent with the output. Wants to increase his accuracy a little more, but continues to cause problems for the defending belt holder Venuela. Russ is varying his intentions here. He's putting out pressure. Then you see him backing up, looking to counter, sort of trying to bait Venuela to take the lead. It's a real complete performance in sequences for a perfect Oh, but he got caught too. And that's that's one thing we talked about. He tends to put his head up too high and this again. He's got to take that chance. [Music] That check right here. Antoine Russell has been effectively well tonight. A minute and a half left here in the fifth. Jab on display from Russell Owen. Venuela taking some chances. They're loading up. But why telegraphed that shot? Although he telegraphed it, that left cross is going to have to become a weapon for Venezuela. He's going to turn his fortune around. Yeah, Vano is always going to be dangerous. He's got the power, the sneaky uppercut, but again, it's letting those hands go. Nine of 14 wins coming inside the distance. Well documented that Antoine Russell wins knocking for his 18th. Less than a minute left in the fifth and continues to attack balance on the ropes. Good defense from Balance, but he's still got hit. That's also that visual the judges are seeing as his and the pressure from Right uppercut lands for Russell. Russell right at the distance. Right where he needs to be. Now the grab of Venova gets countered with that chopping right hook from Russell. 20 seconds left in the fifth. Left his way becoming more active. That uppercut to the body especially because he can throw it from middle distance would be an interesting punch for Venuela. Russell continues to throw more but having a very good round in respect to what we've used to see in this fight but wasn't enough. Listen to what I'm saying. And we're going to see right here early success from Gary Antoine Russell. what we've been talking about which is the pressure, the consistency, the body work, the uppercut. I mean just everything from Gary Antoine Russell not taking a step back always being right in front of Rio Valenuela the left making Ryan miss as well. You understand this your time? One more round of smooth [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and I want you to start walking smooth and start chopping down stage. Gary Antoine Russell loves to go to the bodies. Landed 34 body blows compared to 24 for Valenuela. And Valenuela with that long lean frame. A prime target for the buddy. Busting a brawler who knows how to grind opponents into submission. and Russell looking to do just that here tonight in hoping to become like his older brother a champion. It's amazing to see Russell just his offense is so so well so much volume that he does not want to get off at all and the hand speed advantage for Russell has been striking a trait in the the Russell family. No question his older brother Jun is off the charts. He said, "Wait a minute. You were pretty well off the but great ambassadors of the sport. His father left behind a great legacy and they honor that legacy in every field and in the gym they try to instill discipline and self-esteem in their amateur boxers through programs funded by the local pal provide them with something constructive to do after school and as we mentioned I mean Gary Russell high school valadictorian class of 2015 vocational high school using IQ to his advantage along his physical straits here. Long very comfortable leading the charge as a counter left uppercut on the inside by Valenuel, but not enough. Just one shot. One shot. The jab, double jab from Russell. Well, Russell is another fighter where you can focus too much on the knockout streak he had and forget 2016 US Olympia defeated the likes and the amateurs of Richardson Hitchens, Bootenis, Germaine Ortiz, Abraham Nova. This is an accomplished complete boxer. Oh, but over the top of the left hand shake his head by tasting the power in the final minute of Russell. And that left hand made Russell's nose bleed. I believe that was a clean shot. I like how he came back with his own. He said, "Nope, come. Here comes my The positive for he doesn't look overwhelmed. He doesn't look overly frustrated. He's still trying to pick his spots and find an opening here. Yes, but he is frozen. Again, you know, I've known him and I know he could let his hands go a lot more. He's explosive. But again, Russell just doing a perfection of of pressure. from Russell. We are at the midway point of this 140 lb division title. We got to do more. You got one shot in and then you let him go. Breathe in. Breathe in. Come on. You can do it. Round six. Round six. Round six. Round six. Rio. Come on, Ryan. Wake up. Combinations. Success by Russell. The volume, the effective punches by him. There's a punch by Rio right there. He tried but he can't. There's Gabon Rosa coming back with the three-piece. He made him miss. He made him pay. How about Where was the soda? And by the way, round seven, not round six of Mr. Quarter man for Venuela. But I get it. I get it. It's round seven. And the second half of this championship fight begins. And Valenuela trying to fight off the ropes. Nice double jab by Venuela. Venuela much more aggressive here. But again, be careful. be careful because it is time. He's going to be running out of time as soon if he doesn't start sitting down on some shots. And the midway point of our championship fight on official score Larry Hazard has Russell pitching a shut up. Yeah, he's right. I mean, we have not seen anything from Venezuela. It's been Russell all night off fight. Yeah, Russell almost outlanding Venuela at a two to one clip through the first half of the fight. way more. Nice body work there by Valenuela able to evacuate the ropes but again unable to keep Russell at bay. The pressure continues. There's no jab for him. Yeah, there's no jab whatsoever. He's he's just being too cautious. Well, not cautious. He's being too defensive. He's trying not to get hit. But again, it's too much volume from Russell. He's never seen this. Well, it's the volume. It's the physical pressure. And that can lead to mental pressure when someone is on you and you cannot get them. Nice counter left by Russell. Body shot by Russell. Right hook by Russell. Russell doing a great job of not letting any single shots rebound stand the test. What I mean by that is he always answers back immediately and leads. Yeah, he's always alert. Final 60 seconds of the seven. It continues to be the Gary Antoine Russell show here in Brooklyn. Looking to bounce back from his face. Lands a left hand to the face of Valenuela. Valenuel in pure defensive mode here along the ropes now trying to fight Russell out but it's just constant pressure constant volume from Gary Antoine Russell chopping left hand right hand of the body left uppercut jack to jaw Russell beginning to put it together here in the final seconds of round seven. This is becoming one of the all party. But here comes Valenuela. Vali trying to keep Russell up, but there's no pick to those punches. Yeah, you don't want to stay on the ropes doing you got to come back with something and you kind of show it towards the end. [Applause] [Music] You don't have to hard. Hold on. I got Listen, you don't have to force it. You don't have to force this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bro. You can keep chomping just like that. You got to start touching downstairs. You got to touch downstairs some more. He cannot [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with you on the outside. You in the inside. When you in the inside, you got to fire from your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You know what I'm saying? Look like we in a gym. way more. I know. Hey, control it. Just like that. Wipe his chest. Wipe his Not too strong. Hey, not too strong. Keep it smooth. He can't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with you right there. You feel me? As this championship story continues to unfold, Gary Antoine Russell landed a fight high 24 punches in the seventh. And Russell has now landed 132 total punches. That's more than any previous Valenuela opponent, breaking Chris Colbert's mark of 124 punches landed in their first meeting. Impressive, impressive performance. Now the question becomes, can he finish the job? He did expend a lot of energy in getting here. We do know the shape that the Russell boys are in. But I like what Gary Russell, his brother, told him, don't force it. And he shouldn't because once you force something, put yourself out there, you get hit. Good luck in there. That's secret from there's the jab from but again now turning. He's on the ropes. Wants to reset in the center. Fainting trying to get Russell to bite. Open up a counter opportunity. You don't want to make mistakes if you're wrestling. Stay smart like you are. But that's just it, right? We are seeing every facet of the fight game on display. Even here now, Gary is slowing things down, establishing the jab, getting Venuela to maybe feel like he can do something and then boom, stop getting his momentum right away. I mean, that's what championship fighters do even though he has yet to climb that mountain to lose a title fight by splint decision to feel to not make excuses to feel like he left a little bit on the table. There you go. Yeah, he said I let that fight still between my fingers because I let things get in the way of the game plan. I deviated a little bit. I feel like he still didn't win the fight. But he says once he gets the title tonight, he looks forward to a rematch with Puo. And well, Puyo upheld his end over Sando Martinez. You're right. It could be. Just over a minute left here in the nice body shot by Russell. doesn't waste any opportunity after whatsoever. I mean, just brilliant right now from Russell. I'm loving every single round. This is round eight. And I I like what I'm seeing, the changes he's made, control with the jab upstairs, downstairs, the accuracy with the leg, and it's always about making those subtle adjustments. It's always about adapting. And for Valenuela, Brian, hard to do here tonight, but anything I mean, what is a potential adjustment that he needs to make as this fight continues? save. Every time he lands a big shot, he gets instantly countered. He's had some success to the body, which we thought could be an avenue for him. That reset is always there with an answer. Always there to fill in a dull moment. Remember, there's a time to get behind the boxing. Oh, wow. Another left hand from Russell on Valenuel. So, even if he wanted to try to box, he would not be allowed to do so. An incredible display of aspects from Gary and Juan Russell. 26 of 88 in round eight compared to 12 of 34 for the defending belt holder as this sold out crowd here at Barclay Center continues to fill up and get ready for the main event. Keep your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hands up. He can't handle your He can't handle your speed with your with your stick. You got to start bringing your hooks behind your jab. Whenever you shoot your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] uh your left hand, bro, you got to touch downstairs to the body or bring your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hook behind it. He's a southpaw. Your hook going to be his all day. You [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hit him. Put your stick on him. He's too [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] slow on the outside. Okay. Faint faint. Stick stick. When you get in the inside, you got to eat and buy from your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Keep this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] jab hand up. Do you understand? Bro, stop thinking so hard. Yeah. Take this. Take if Gary Antoine Russell delivered his punches like his older brothers delivering fbombs, this fight would already be over. Oh yeah. And this is another lap that landed by Gary Antoine Russell cleanly. And there's many many more throughout the whole fight that have landed like that. Great chin by Ven. He's showing incredible chin. But this could be a shut out at this point on the scorecard. So there's still time left for Venuela, but he's going to have to get dramatic quickly. Round nine, our unofficial score. Larry Hazard has Gary Antoine Russell reaging to him. Valenzuela is going to have to record his 10th knockout at this stage in order to retain the title. Meanwhile, it's Gary Antoine Russell looking for his 18th knockout. He's way he's more than doubled the output and more than doubled the the connect. He's double trouble here tonight for Jos Valenuela. You're going to have to try and do something as far as when I say that you go. I mean, I know he's probably concerned that he's going to get hit, you know, counters. I think that's what's nice left over by Valenuela. But I think that's what's taking away Venuela's jab. The speed of Russell's counter. But it's not even the jab that I'm looking for. I'm looking for punches in general. I mean, throw anything. The counters are there for Russell. Everything is there for Russell. Nice counter by Russell. And another right hand lands for the challenger. And now the the mouse below the left eye of Valenuela. So these punches beginning to exact their total. A minute and a half left in the ninth. Venuela won the ropes and it is definitely trouble. Well, that just illustrated the issue for Venuela. He did land a left hand in that sequence. They landed punches at the same time, but Russell not only landed the better of the two shots, he followed it up with a clean count. Nice double jab and then the curling lead right hook. I mean, beautiful skill. Beautiful skill. This is not just punches. variety of punches, combinations from Gary onto Russell. Now he's now he's taking his boxing. Beautiful display box. He really has not anything away from Valenuela. But look, the counter shot. I mean, it's just there to be picked apart. And now Russell walking down Venuela going to the body. Venuela cannot keep taking this. Left hand by Russell. also looking to score his 18th knockout. Looking to become champion here in the ninth [Applause] trying to hold his ground on the back foot. Pressure creates diamonds. Well, Russell shining bright like a diamond right now. And you wonder when the pipes for Venuela are going to post because the pressure is proving to be insurmountable here for Venuel. Getting tag with another lead right. Oh, Gary Antoine Russell. [Applause] Outlanding 256 in that round. Let's listen. Can't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with you right there, bro. He can't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with you right there. Keep that stick on his ass. Stop loading. Look at me. Whenever you shoot your left hand, you need to bring your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] body shot or your hook behind. You keep you you hurting him every time. Uhhuh. B you neutral corner. They want to take a look at Oh yeah. He ready to quit. He ready to check. He ready to check. It's time to take your And just when brother was getting a momentum going, a rhythm. Here it is. The uppercut landed by him. Good job. I thought, you know, that was going to be a change. Couldn't know. The left hand and yet another dispiriting round with that champion. Yeah. Return to Russell coming back with his own time. I mean, he's got an answer for everything that [Music] last round, the worst round of the fight for Valenuela. 29 punches thrown, only six landed compared to 25 of 86 for Russell. And now using that jab as a as a paintbrush and looking to continue to paint this masterpiece of his skills in his second championship opportunity this time swelling below both of the eyes of one after another of those clean crosses last round. Great chin by Valuel, but you can't take that kind of punishment against this type of opponent. 17 wins since 17 knockouts. I mean, the power is there. Look at the power punches landed in round nine, guys. Just incredible. That's five times as many. How about public school math right there? Talk about timing, precision, clean every jabs, the speed, the combinations, the body work. Yeah. Watching at home right now. Wow. That box is leaving Venezuela discomulated. How many syllables? A lot. got a job. Well, you got to feel for Vonuel. He again landed a big left-handed counter there, but four straight every immediately by a flurry from Russell attempt by Don Taylor away from the almost feel like Val is not trying to hit him because he's going to get Russell angry and he doesn't want to get hit and only let him one shot. Russell wants to turn that mouse under Veno's eyes into a New York sewer ratch. A minute left here in the 10. You can see Russell really listening to his older brother Gary Jr. his advice in the corner of not getting too reckless, not getting too aggressive, being smart, and following up those left hand. brilliance from the corner and how just was he as a champion just didn't fight and all that but my goodness must have spent a lot of time in the gym under his desk but man his peak again speed just this is just incredible from Gary Antoine Russell here in the 10th lesson 15 seconds now remaining continues to mark up the face of the defending belt holder Jose Valenuela he's known as Rio But the lightning strikes have come from Russell. Russell and yes, in excess of 18,000 in attendance here. The second biggest gate in Barley Center history opened in 2012. Danny Garcia and Eric Morales in the first main event. And of course, Danny Garcia in attendance here tonight always supporting the the cause and promoter in his own right now as well. one of his younger fighters on the undercard earlier. All right, championship rounds begin and Venuela has to dig down deep in order to hold on to his belt here tonight. The ringside doctor took a look at Venuela for the second consecutive round. I almost feel like if tries to open up hit you just going to get hit. The fight is being beaten out of him by Gary Russell. Nice counter there by Valenuela, but not enough. Russell just continues to come forward, guys. Just has no desire to stop this momentum. I mean the amount of Gary Russell has thrown over 800 punches landing 212. Is it too early to call this a virtuoso performance? This is well it has to end but you're right it is virtuoso. And we always we saw the potential following his career. Yeah. We saw those early knockouts, the power, the but but just the maturity, the and the IQ. I mean, every every wrinkle you want in a professional prize fighter. Well, the three fights leading into that close loss to Pouo, he became the first man to knock out Victor Post off, former champion, Rancisel and Kent Cruz. Yes. Now, to be fair, those two stoppages against Post and were were bad stoppages, but he was well on his way to beating two big names. Unnecessary. Yes. Oh, not this one. But you're right. You're right, Brian. And he is beginning to really show his virtuos virtuoso offense here. A minute plus in the 11. Russell wants to finish it. Wants to secure the knockout. I mean, he wants to crown Venuela in order to be crowned champion here tonight. do something. 45 seconds left in the 11. You have to maintain laser focus every single second. Great thing about sports boxing. Oh, he was trying to hit 12. I like the barrel reference though by Mr. 15 seconds left here in this round and maybe just over 3 minutes left in the top of Jose. [Applause] Come on, Mario. This is the last round. He's going to come out with everything. Why? Why don't anymore? You don't need this. He's going to come out and he's going to go out for the for the kill. I see the energy. Ho Murray [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Keep your hands tight when you inside [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Keep it [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] smooth. Keep it sharp. We got 3 minutes, bro. You the new [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] WBA world champion. I DNA a bad [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Hard to believe that this is the same Gary Antoine Russell that lost via split decision to Alberto Quo in his last fight. Uh guys, in round 11, Gary Antoine Russell threw 98 punches, landing 28. The referee, the doctor looking again at Venuela. They're going to look Yeah, but Robert Garcia was telling him, "Why come out? Why? Why come out? This is the last round. He's going to come out with everything. He's going to hit you too much." Well, 28 of 98 and 11 for Russell compared to just 14 of 39 for Venuela. 12th and final round is here. Gary Antoine Russell on the verge of joining his older brother and quarter man as a champion. And their late father, Gary Russell, who taught all of his sons the art of boxing. It's Just a a what? It's a complete daughter domination here by Gary Antoine Russell. And all that's missing is his 18th knockout. He is making a statement to the other title holders in this division. They being Teoimo Lopez, Richardson Hitchens, and Alberto Puo. You know, he would love to avenge that loss. And hey, making it a unification fight makes it that much sweeter. asking about this thing. It stays the way it's going. Be smart. Yeah, Russell definitely making a lot more fans this tonight because she she showcased too much. I mean, he's known by relentless pressure, aggression, but now today was just smart boxing and yes, aggression. It was everything. Where's the kitchen sink over on the inside by just unable to get anything going due to the posture, the craft of here? He is now at the age of 28 in his physical prime. How do you erase the better defeat of your first loss? Kevin fight. He's well on his way to doing just that. The mouse under the the left eye is under the left eye of both swing. Look at this out with an exclamation point. in the championship round. A minute left. Roll continues to eat leather but trying valiantly to at least end the fight on his feet. Oh, left over by Venuela and secured. Good action here. Somebody lost their mouthpiece in that sequence. Oh, left hand Venuela. 30 seconds left. Can he finish it? I don't think Ducks can see it. He's standing on the mark right now. Gary Antoine Russell started training at the age of five, a 2016 US Olympian, and now 10 seconds away from being crowned a champion at 140 lb. [Applause] Yeah, you can call that a virtuoso performance by Mr. Russell. Mr. Campbell, Gary Russell should fight with a chip on his shoulder more often. Let me tell you that this might have been a shut out. What a brilliant in a championship fight performance coming off of his first defeat. That's championship spirit right there. Wow. Hey, hey, hallelujah. Russell 43 punches away from a thousand in this fight, landing 252 compared to just 127 for Valenuela. And we talked about how he closed the show, you guys. Round 11, 28 of 98. Round 12, 20 of 78 for Russell. Yeah. Yeah, I think he was trying to finish and he was trying to go for that 18 knockout. All right, Abner, it was it was all Gary Antoine Russell. Yeah, the Gary Antoine Russo all night. We saw a variety of everything. The uppercut, the overhand, the combo, right, left, uppercut again, combinations, left from a distance. You like how he threw that decoy right hand to land the left. Mhm. I mean, just brilliance. He boxed from the outside. landed at will. [Applause] I mean, just we saw everything tonight about Gary onto Russell. Russell Muscle on display here tonight. And you know, he's thinking about his dad right now and how he looked right out there, right on Q. How proud he would be. And again, we await the official scores, but come on. Gary Antoine Russell's walking out of Brooklyn, a champion, a proud Belt Holder tonight. No doubt. No doubt. I mean, there's no other way. All right. Well, the numbers back it up, Abner. Let's see what screams, what jumps out at you here as we go to the Compu Box totals. And I mean, again, look at the total amount of punches thrown for Gary Antoine Russell. Wow. Just I mean, just a lot of volume, the accuracy, the power, just everything. This announcement should be academic, but let's get it from Jimmy Lennon Jr. Ladies and gentlemen, after 12 rounds of action, we go to the scorecards. Judges at ringside, Max Duca and Benal Housel both scored about 119 to 109. Judge Tom Shrek scores at 120 to 108. All three in favor of the winner by unanimous decision. and the new WBA super lightweight champion of the world, Gary Antoine Russell. A goosebumps inducing moment as the announcement was made. Gary Russell looking to the heavens where his father is looking down and he said, "My father was adamant about preparing us to be successful not only within our profession but outside of it. If we do that, live up to his expectations, that'll be a heavy weight lifted up from all of us.