Kind: captions Language: en And we are set now for a battle of undefeated fighters at welterweight scheduled for six rounds or less. David Whitmer known as the body snatcher. Shout out to Mike McCullum takes on Anhel Munoz who's known as Machetti. And you've heard it once, you're going to hear it again. Somebody's has got to go. And now let's go to Miguel Flores. Ladies and gentlemen, we are now set for our next about on the prime video prelims. Once again, it is all brought to you by GTD Promotions and TGB Promotions, sponsored by DraftKings Sportsbook. The crown is yours. Our three judges of ringside are Mark Mark Constantino, David Sutherland, and Don Trella. The referee in charge of the action is Harvey Doc. And now, Premier Boxing Champions present six rounds in the welterweights division. Introducing first in the red corner wearing the gray trunks. He weighed in at 148.8 lbs. His record undefeated. Seven victories including five by knockout. Fighting out of San Bernardino, California. Here is Anel Machete Munos. [Applause] And now introducing his opponent across the ring in the blue corner wearing the white and gold trunks. He weighed in at 146.4 lbs. His record also undefeated. Eight victories, six wins by knockout. Proudly representing Washington DC. Here is David the Body Snatcher Whitmire. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Okay, you can bring him out. [Music] Okay, guys. Hang on two sec. Let's go, coach. Let's go, coach. Good. You got the mouthpiece. All right, guys. We went over the instructions earlier. As a reminder, obey my commands at all times. Protect yourself at all times. Touch them up. Good luck. Thank you. Veteran referee Harvey Doc assigned to oversee the proceedings here. Again, scheduled for six rounds at 147 pounds. The undefeated David Whitmer, the body snatcher against Anhel Munos, who's also undefeated, just really taxing the runway of their respective careers. Whitmer 8-0 with six knockouts. Munos 7-0 with five KOs. So, both of them have the propensity to bang them. Muno's already going inside with the uppercut and now it's Whitmer looking to establish the jab early. Yeah, I think that anel Muos learned from his last fight. I thought he was a little too patient, waited too long and now going in fast and you have to against Whitmer Meyer. You can't let him get comfortable because he's one of those fighters that once you let him get comfortable, be careful. He's a body snatcher. He'll come forward and start landing those p those shots. Is there any Is there a nickname better in boxing more than the body snatcher? I mean, it just says it all. And again, shout out to another three division champion, Mike McCullum, who gave us so many amazing memories. There's a great left hook there by Whitmire. The southpaw Munos's leading with the straight left hand. But the jab is already an effective weapon for Whitmire, who has recorded five firstround knockouts, including in his last fight earlier this year in January. This is the first time both of these young prospects are fighting undefeated opponents. So a good step up opportunity here to test themselves and you know has already been tested his character Brian US Army veteran station at Fort Bragg in the 82nd Airborne Division. Absolutely. Father of two as well. Short amateur career did Munoz as he gets hits there with the lead right hand. father of two at 22 years of age against the well he turns 20 next week David Whitmer on March 5th. You can see already that Whitmer Meer is getting comfortable dictating the pace with that jab, sharp jab, timing that jab as well to the body upstairs and just waiting for that. Oh, there it is. That that lean forward for Munoz to counter with that right. you know, in his 23rd professional round, Whitmire, this is his 16th. And the jab, the the textbook jab, the foundation has been the key weapon for Whitmire here in the opening three minutes, the final minute now, but Munos trying to curl that lead right hook from the southpaw stance. Whitmire mixing in a lot of nice lead right hands against the southpaw. is having success with. You saw that hot start from Munoz getting out with those left hands, but it's really been Whitmer this whole stretch. He's outlanded Munos 22-10 and he just landed a hard right hand. I like how he switched that right hand. He started with a straight right and he switched it as an overhand right. We just was not expecting that. Final 20 seconds of the first frame. Whitmer Meyer fighting at distance trying to keep Munos at the end of his jab. So, a good start for David the Body Snatcher Whitmer here in round number one. Looking forward to all of the pay-per-view action coming up at 8 Eastern, 5 Pacific. But right now, this is round number two of prelims on Prime Video action. Good start by Munos to the second stanza. lands an opening salvo, a one-two combination from the southpaw stance, but it's Whitmer Meyer who continues to march forward on that front foot. And it's when Munoz gets off first that he's effective. And that's how he started the first round. Again, the second round starting the same way, but then he gets comfortable, goes back and starts getting hit. He's got to be first. This is Munos's second career scheduled sixth round fight. In his last fight, he outpointed Yael Alvarez over six last December. So far, the body snatcher has been uh missing. No, no body shots yet. Focused on the jab, which you know, interesting. But I can see why also uh Whitmer does not want to be in the inside because that's where Munoz feels a lot more comfortable. So right now doing a good job of maintaining distance. Whitmer. Whidmire fighting for the first time here in the big apple. Putting together the one two trying to find a rhythm established that groove Brian. No doubt about it. Which he's done well from mid-range. But this is a night of many firsts for Whitmire from the standpoint of first televised fight, first six round fight, first fight in New York City and first fight here against an unbeaten foe and doing well in the early moments. Really is. Munos eating a hard couple of jabs from Whitmer and that jab is really starting to to find its target and and scores. See, splitting the the high guard of Munos and follows up with a straight right. And Whitmer's really smart. He knows that that jab's landing. He's keeping Munoz entertained with it. And then next thing you know, he's going to let let go of the right hand. It's just a way of keeping you hypnotized with the jab. There's a beautiful straight left down the the middle by Munos. Of course, you look for that lead foot battle as well with Orthodox and Southpaw. Always want to maintain that outer position. Oh, an uppercut and a left hand there by Muno. Scores with an effective combo right after a flurry of body shots from the body snatcher. So, good two-way trading here in round two. And Whitmire had Muno's on the ropes momentarily. Muno's pivoting, trying to bounce, trying to find his rhythm here as we are just over half a minute left in the second round. And it's The dedicated, it's almost like a measurement. There's a left hook to the body by Whitmire. Two good body shots, but he seems to have his timing down here. Abner, the timings there, the the the rhythm for Whitmer, he he's feeling comfortable right now. Look how his body is talking. He's going in the inside now, and it's really just a matter of time. It looks that way. Early investments will pay dividends as Muno scores with a couple of right uppercuts on the inside. But those body shots and the jab taking their toll. [Music] [Applause] Start touching here. Touching here. 43 53. You got a timer now. Right. Way to go, big dog. Make sure you turn on the right hand so you don't square up. I don't want you square up. Okay. You square it up one time. Okay. No mistakes. Big dog. Go around. Deep breath. The body snatcher. The body work in the last round was just perfect. One body shot there. Two body shots in the inside. I mean, he's doing damage with that. Little by little, breaking down Munoz. And again, just feeling comfortable breaking down Munoz. Body shot after body shot with both hands. Munos though had his moments with that right uppercut in that exchange. As you mentioned, Brian, terrific two-way action. And Andrew Councel providing counsel for his charge in that corner as Munos. He's trained by Luis Morphin. So, we've got two undefeated fighters. two young fighters willing to risk their perfect records. And Brian, always refreshing when you get to see uh fighters willing to just put it on the line early and not worry about the perfect record as much as trying to secure a legacy, trying to secure fandom. And now Windmire trying to earn some fans with his work in this fight. Well, no doubt about what you said about the unbeat records. Too much culture in this sport has been clinging to that. And it's good to see young fighters challenging themselves here as these two continue to trade body shots on the inside. Good two-way action here in the third round. Nuno sitting down on his shots lead right hook curls around the guard of Whitmire. Then the straight left splits the guard, but Whitmire calm and cool and continues to just work behind the jab. Go to the butt. Exactly. Calm, cool from Whitmer. Really just poised and doing everything he can in that ring. Throwing every single punch. Beautiful uppercut and hook right now from Whitmire. But Brian, you have to admire Munos and his steadfastness in digging away and trying to hurt Whitmer with every shot. I thought he came alive a little bit last round did Munoz letting his hands go more. Certainly leaving the body open when he gets lets go with that left hand. Whitmire has taken advantage, but this is a situation where Munoz is going to have to get some respect back and really try to establish himself this frame. When you have two young fighters with a combined record of 15-0, 11 knockouts, you expect a fistic fireworks display. And as this fight continues to warm up, you see the action beginning to pick up as well. Definitely picking up Whitmer again just feeling comfortable going in the inside. Left hook to the liver again by the body snatcher and another left hook to the liver by Whitmire. Now you know, look at you see his defense. He's he's leaning in with a shoulder. You're not attacking my liver again. You're not Hannibal Lected. Of course, those body shot hurts so much. Little by little. There's always, you know, it just breaks you down. You see Muno's already trying to run away from him. The stats. Well, the body snatcher is leading big time. Imagine that. Great move by Whitmire. They're changing levels, but then going upstairs with the lead, right? Yes. Moso's expecting the body and Whitmire. Oh, a couple of lead right hooks by Munos that score. One upstairs, one downstairs. Very valiant effort here by the undefeated Munos who while he's been beeled by the jab and the body work of Whitmire. Hey guys, he's still in this fight. Yeah, of course, Whitmire of the reason Whitmire staying in the in the pocket, he's feeling comfortable. And of course, Munoz can throw his shots as well and land because Whitmire's right in front of him. One thing to know, Whitmer's never been past four rounds through eight pro fights. This is a six round battle. So, let's see what type of offense Munoz can bring if we get into those new rounds for Whitmire. And we mentioned that Nuno went six in his last fight. Good round. All you got to do is keep your foot on the gas pedal. Be be cautious when you coming in. Right. Each time you touching through the body, you're looking to dive in a hole. He's trying to slow your offense down. He really don't want to get close to you. For real. For real. Okay. So, you can do it either way. You can keep him outside and use that double jab and right hand, but when you decide to walk him down, don't let him hold. It's not only body work that we're seeing from Whitmer. It's beautiful combinations, placement of punches. And here we see the the jab, the setup with the jab, open up the guard and the uppercut, right hand placed perfectly in the chin. I mean, just perfect. I mean, I don't know how Munos took that shot, but it was well placed from Whitmire. [Music] Whitmer's trainer, Andrew Council, wants him to keep his foot on the gas. Of course, in New York traffic, that's hard to do. But in the Barkley center ring where David Whitmer is 8 and0 with six KOs's and off to a fantastic start. They want him to continue to put the pressure on Munos and again effectively establishing the jab early stages of the fourth. No question about it. And how about the council from council in the corner. You consider Andrew Council's resume. a 14-year pro who once shared the ring with the likes of Hall of Famers Buddy McGurt, Ronald Blinky, Wright, Bernard Hopkins, we lost to in a worldweight title shot. So, good to see him giving back to the sport and bringing up some of these young fighters. Nice lead right hook again by Muno. That's been his best punch is the lead right hook curling around the guard of Whitmire, but hasn't been able to deter Whitmire from coming forward. So obviously uh the the power of Munos not able to really establish any territory at this stage yet. Not doing not enough power, not doing enough to to keep Whitmer away from him or busy or worried about something. And again, Whitmer just feeling comfortable with that jab, just lining jab. Whitmer has got a 3-in reach advantage, but he's making it seem like a lot bigger by the distance he's controlling and the high low variance of his shots that he's bringing to Muno's here. Combination to the body by Whitmire and then goes right back to the stick. Muno's unable to establish the jab. Trying to utilize some lateral movement. That would be key for him. Utilize the real estate. Start to move bits on the inside with the uppercut. And we're seeing exactly that. And it's working for him right now. Muno's boxing. Beautiful combination. Lateral movements not giving Whitmire a target. There's a counter upstairs by Munos, but Whitmire digging away to the body on the ropes. And this could spell trouble from Munos. That last right hand might have hurt. You can see the grimace on his face. Yep. trying to fight back, but now series of shots to the body and a hard right hand upstairs by Whitmer. Body snatcher as advertised for Whitmer. Body snatcher trying to snatch the soul of Muno's hero into the fourth. Well, doesn't want to throw anything because he's too worried about he just took a deep breath. Munos just took a deep breath knowing how much he's been taxed with those body shots. Oh, and whit by those firing and missing. The thing I like about Munoz, even though he's under fire this round, is when he does get backed up to the ropes, he looks to punch his way out. Doesn't want to linger there. Definitely is throwing punches in return. And yet the counter shots of Whitmire more eyecatching. Undoubtedly up to this point, it's the lead right hand, the skip jabs, or those routine body shots Whitmer had in those. Got to push the water. Water. Water. Water, bro. Water. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Good. How you feeling, champ? Good. Yes, sir. All right. A little bit more. All right, coach. Yeah, we're good. Come on, bro. Let's get this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] going. You got to hit them right back. All right, you got to push. All right, last two. And a lot more body work from Whitmer Meyer, the body snatcher. Beautiful body shots in the inside. One after the other after the other with the same hand. Really? Not I mean, and and Muno's taking him. How is he still standing? Really? just telegraphing those shots. They were effective. The penultimate round, round five scheduled for six at welterweight. And in that fifth round, Whitmer hit the blackjack number of 21 body punches landed in the fourth trying to make Munos's body black and blue. And like you said, both of you, it's an it's a testament to the uh the fortitude of Munos that he's still standing. That intestinal fortitude. No question about it. Or is it testicular fortitude? Mick Foley might have something to say about that. 30 seconds gone here. Now, if you're Munoz, you got to be expecting the body shots now and then landing at Will. Okay, I expect him a little step back and counter punch like he's doing right there. But do not stay in the pocket. I know easier said than done. He probably does not have the legs anymore because the body's natural has been working that body really good. This is round five. The first time Whitmer's been there as a pro. So I like Muno's coming out so aggressively at this range. He is so there to be hit to the body in a gun here in the fifth. The southpunos launches a left gets countered with a left uppercut on the inside. Whitmer proving to be the more effective fighter at any range in this fight. has established long distance range with the elg guard, that long jab, and then on the inside using the uppercuts and the body work. And yet, Muno's determined to try to make a stand. I like what I'm seeing. I've seen a lot of people a lot of good punches and the placement and the speed, how he changes the speed on the punches. Punch placement, the variety, all showcasing that burgeoning ring IQ again turns 20 next week. So very much a youngster on the rise. Mun knows well he's not exactly uh you know going to be receiving old age pension anytime soon. He's older than 22 again. Two youngsters willing to showcase their wares here. The prelims on prime video and Whitmer appears to be ready for prime time. Muno's now trying to come back. This is good moxy here for Munoz. staying in the fight, not giving up hope, and really letting his hands go in this frame. He's actually thrown more punches than Whitmer for the first time in this fight here in round five. And they've each landed 21 punches. So, by far the most competitive round of the fight for uh Anel Munoz [Applause] and they're swinging widely and wildly. Beautiful lead uppercut there from Wires. They continue to train at close range sitting down on his he has been. But now we go with the head shots. Right hand by Munos. Body shot by the body snatcher uppercut to punctuate the proceedings. [Music] Feel good. Yeah. Last round. You got to touch your gloves. Okay. Hey, last round. You got to give it your all here, man. All right. I'm going to be honest. We [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] down. All right. We got to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] go. All right. We got to let everything go, bro. I'm not going to ever excuse you, Ross. But if you want to win this fight, you got to death. He's doing good. All right. But if you stay there and just keep phoning about, you'll get you'll get him though. Okay. Each time you hit him, he diving in. I keep telling you just stop. Honesty is the best policy in the Unhel Munoz corner. Luis Morphin telling him, "Hey, you're down. We need to see everything in this final three minutes." Back up. Back up. Back up. And from our vantage point, you have to agree with the uh the trainer. numbers back it up for David the body snatcher. Whitmire outlanding Munos to the body 7318 through five rounds. Yeah, you as a fighter, you feel you're losing the fight as well. Beat record of both fighters at stake here in the final round. But like how Whitmire is meeting the pressure of Munoz with these combinations to the body. It's been his calling card all night. trying to fight back again, leading with that curling right hook upstairs, but not stopping Whitmer at all. Not able to hurt Whitmer Meyer with his punches, but still valiantly fighting back. And all it takes is the body shots by Whitmire. But look at Moreno the last two rounds when he needed it most. He is trying to fight fire with fire, trying to summon up that inner resolve to to spring a Hail Mary here against Whitmer. Munoz is trying to time Whitmer's body shots with that counter uppercut. He's had some success this frame as Whitmire is content to fight him at this close range. And Whitmer just rocked him with that counter right on the jaw. Muno's still there. Still game pointing his punches. Not giving up in this fight. See off his head. Big deep breath there for Munoz, but he's still firing back. He's taking a few in this fight. misses with the right uppercut body shot to the to the right basket by Whitmire. There's a rare jab from Muno. A minute and a half left in the fight. Two undefeated youngsters in the welterweight division looking to continue their winning ways. It's been mainly David Whitmire with the more effective skills, but one cannot discount the heart, the guile, and as Brian Campbell put it, the moxy of Machetti and Hel Munoz. [Music] Yeah, these are the fights that you learn the most going the distance against a tough position like Munoz came always even though he was taking those body shots, but here we see it again. 57 seconds left and he's still trying to win this fight or at least get some points and win this round. Well, he has responded to the call, meaning Munoz of his trainer down on the scorecard. We need you to go for it. And these last two rounds have been the best six minutes of the fight for Hel Munoz. And yet Whitmer continues to march forward attacking the body, leaning in, uppercut by Munoz. Body shot by Riper. Good combinations inside by Rhit. Lots of volume. Just a six round fight and they have gone over 800 combined punches thrown. So plenty of action here between these two undefeated welterweights who will hear the final bell. It's good action. Bad stuff from Munoz. Better stuff from Whitmar. Of course, no doubt about that. But again, Munoz always game did not want to give up in this fight. A lot of heart. More than half of Whitmer's landed punches have been to the body. Thank you, Brian Campbell. Anything hurting? I'll check you on your back. All right, let's look back on the action here as David Whitmer getting off first with that reach advantage. But once this fight progressed and he worked the jab, it became all about the body. Good hard for Munoz to respond to the damage and keep punching particularly in those final two rounds. But you can see the precision, the timing, and the extension from Whitmer. Yeah, even though it was one-sided fight from Whitmer, punishing him, pressuring him, body shot, but again, Muno's always game even in the last round trying to close it and let it all go. Whed Meer goes six rounds for the first time in his career. Munos goes six for the second consecutive time in his career. And we have the official decision after six rounds in the welterweight division. Let's go to Miguel Flores. Ladies and gentlemen, after six rounds of boxing, we go to the judges scorecards. All three judges are in agreement and all three judges score 60- 54. For your winner by unanimous decision, David the Body Snatcher Whitmer. David Whitmire with an early 20th of birthday present pitching a shut out over six rounds handing Anel Munoz his first loss as Munoz drops to seven and one but David the body snatcher Whitmer now 9 and0 we talk a lot about the development of prospects to see Whitmire get the chance to go the six round distance for the first time get an unbeaten foe on his record and then oh by the Hey, land 92 body punches in six rounds to only add to that great nickname. Abner. No. And choke is a lot more because there were a lot more than just the body snatching, the the uppercuts, the wellplaced combinations, the right hand. So great performance