Kind: captions Language: en We are here for FS2 prelims here in Las Vegas. Deontay Wilder in the main event. His younger brother Marcelos Wilder getting ready to go right now. He'll be taking on Dustin Long. Tail of the tape. Wilder is 30 years old. Tall like his brother. Not quite as tall. 6'3. Facing up against Long who's 37 years old, 6'5. His record though, just 21 and two. Both his wins though coming by knockout. So again, Deontay's little brother in the ring right now. Let's go to the ring and shimmy left. [Music] Ladies and gentlemen, from the MGM Grand in Las Vegas Premier Boxing Champions presents our next attraction. Introducing to you our three judges scoring from ringside. We have Adelaide Bird, Chris Flores, and Glenn Feldman. All right, fans. Here we go. Six rounds of boxing cruiserweights in the ring. Introducing to you first on my right, fighting out of the red corner, wearing black trunks with red trim. Joining us from Johnson City, Tennessee, he weighed in at 198 and 12 lbs. His record is even up with two wins, two losses. Both of his wins coming by way of knockout. Introducing Dustin Long and his opponent across the ring, fighting out of the blue corner, wearing black trunks with gold trim, fighting out of and representing the well-known boxing family from Tuscaloosa, Alabama. He weighed in at 197 lbs with a record of five wins, one loss. He has two wins coming by way of knockout. Introducing Marcelus Wilder. And our third man to the ring, the referee in charge, Jay Nate. Hi. [Music] Please come center. Six rounds. Obey my commands. Good luck. Touch glove now. Yes, sir. Let's go to work. Gentlemen, good luck. There we go. Dustin Long, Marcelos Wilder. You can see the genetics at work in the Wilder family. Same nice trim, muscular physique, good height. Not quite 67, but he's pretty tall. Here's the crazy thing to me that both of these guys weigh under 200 lb. Yeah, right at 6'5. That's a good point. Cruiser weights. Boys and girls, they're passing on dessert after dinner, Joe. Yeah, like you, Joe. Yeah. Well, you know, I have my own fights in a different way, though. Has to be difficult for Marcelos, of course. He was inspired by his brother's success. Got into the ring, was doing a little sparring with his older brother and looking to have his own career. He's 5-1, but he did get upset in his fourth pro fight. Derailed him a little bit. Yeah. Well, I see actually seen that fight and uh you know, he got caught with a good punch. wasn't able to recover, but uh you know, he's still carrying on his uh boxing career and that's good. You know, you can have a uh you can fall off a horse and get back on. Wilder in the black trunks. Dustin Long in the black and red. I wonder like where Deontay is watching this fight. I mean, I'm figuring he is watching in the dressing room. They got they got monitors in the dressing room for sure. Oh, he's not here yet, though. And if he isn't here right now, he's he's watching on FS. Watch it. Exactly. Well, Deonte, we say hello and we look forward to your fight a little later on. Sure he's watching his brother go at it right now. Remember Rudy Clay fought on Frasier Ali one on the undercard, lost that fight. Lot was made of that at the time that Muhammad was upset seeing his brother lose in that fight. Oh yeah, that definitely happens. I I trained the Wellers brothers who would fight on the same cards and if one happened was which didn't happen too often it was devastating the other Oh yeah. Yeah. Sure. Just like the Charlo brothers, you know. I like how Wilder started out. You know, he's he's starting off with that jab. He's throwing a couple to the body and he's uh you know, testing him out. This is what you need to do. You go in there and test the guy out. test his body out and see what how he how he reacts to your punches. Dustin Long, a former MMA fighter, eight and three. He's talking to Wilder right now. I don't know what he's saying. He's saying, "Come on, hit me." You know, I love guys that do that type of thing because that means I'm not hitting them, right? Like you needed an insanity, right? Well, that's more of an incentive because it's almost it's almost guys trying to make fun of me like what are you talking about? Who talked to you a lot in the ring, Lennox? Do you remember someone Gavin with you? Uh, well, I talked to myself in the ring. Those are the voices in your head. Yeah. You know, sometimes even an early loss for for somebody like Marcelus Wilder that it can make you a smarter fighter. Don't you agree? Oh, 100% 100% because you never want that to happen again and then you look at your mistake and then you want to fix it as soon as possible. So, I know that and it's good that he's gotten back. He got back straight in the ring with a couple wins. [Music] Good punch to the to the body right there. And this is what you need to do. Come in with a good right hand to the body. Especially, you got to you got to hit where you can see. And that's where he can see right now. You know, Long's got his hands up nice and high and uh you know, this is where he needs to go. Long starting with the hook there and then lands after Marcelus Wilder, Deontay's little brother establishing his jab in that round. Live in Las Vegas, Deontay Wilder, Luis Ortiz, heavyweight championship of the world later here tonight. Pleased to be here with you on FS2. And that is Deonte's younger brother, Marcelus Wilder, 5-1 going up against Dustin Long of Tennessee. You see Wilder outlanding Long so far. And I thought I said that just as we went to break, Linux. I thought it looked like Marcelus was starting to get comfortable establishing his jab in that round. Yes, he was. He also has to be careful when he's going to the body. You know, he can't lay out there too long because uh, you know, might get caught with a, you know, with a right hand by long right hand. Yeah, long right hand. I mean, when you go to the buddy, you go to the buddy and you get out of the way quick. Yeah, it looked like Long was going to start putting a little bit more heat on Wilder, you know, at the first 10 seconds, right? But he's he's actually stalling out here, just kind of being pretty stationary. If I were him, I would try to get something going for himself where he's just going to get out boxed all night if this keeps repeating itself, which is what happens while we're landing jabs, good jabs, right hands to the body. And he does jab to the body quite a bit. Good habit to get into. Look at See, look at Long. He'll get on the inside. Instead of trying to do some damage, he holds his arms out like referee. Come on in and break the break it up. If you're going to get on the inside and you're finally going to get close to your opponent, do something. Marcelus Wilder is talking to him as well. [Applause] Long look at each other. Lead right hand by Long. You know, Marcelos and Deontay shared a room together. They're only four years separated. Humble beginnings. Deonte has told the stories of, you know, working fast food and lugging boxes and coming up the hard way for Rich's came his way in the in the ring as heavyweight champ. I doubt if there was much room in the room for those two guys. I don't know how many other Wilders they could have gotten in there. You know, it's important for both fighters. They're standing in front of each other. They should really be circling one way or the other, you know, try and get a rhythm of the guy and try and offset some of the punches. But don't you think, well, don't you think, Lennox, if if uh Wilder felt threatened by long speed and just athleticism, he might be doing that. And right now, he feels that he's got the upper hand. Just see just like that how easily he evaded that right hand. I mean, he doesn't have to waste the energy possibly. You know, I think maybe against a a more efficient fighter, he might be doing that, which I agree with. Yeah. I mean, um I just don't think he has a lot of respect for Wall right now. See, he's just No, he can, you know, if I was in his corner, I would tell him to come forward a bit more. Push him back with that jab. Push him back with that jab and throw a right hand. Final seconds here against Marcelus Wilder. Good jabs to the body. Good round. [Music] Fascinating story again. Turned pro early. He's got two fights, two wins, two rounds, and two kids. Milky. No. No. I'm a little surprised. That's right. You would mess with me, right? Anyway, back to this one. Marcelus Wilder and Dustin Long. Round three. Slow moving so far. Cruiserweights is feeling their way through it. Long has never fought west of Tennessee, so this is a a big step up for him, a big night for him, fighting in Las Vegas. Of course, Wilder has seen the big stage before with his brother, but trying to step up and establish his own career as long goes southpaw. Now, goes back. I I wonder like let's see him fight left-handed. See what's there. It's he's turned southpaw. a couple rounds earlier and uh well actually in the second round and he really didn't do anything off of it. I don't know why he does it if you're not going to utilize it but uh he's not a very active offensive fighter and uh I don't know why he isn't letting his hands go more. Well, you know why? Cuz he's waiting for that perfect opportunity and you can't wait for that opportunity. You got to make the opportunity and that's by throwing some punches and start obviously starting out with the jab. I mean, if you've got a big knockout punch, you see I can see that. But you saw that right hand. It's It's not a very efficient looking right hand. So, why don't you try to win the round by being busy and at least impressing the judges, but by waiting to land some uh right hand that isn't going to hurt anybody. He's only got two knockouts in five times and uh he's been stopping it. So, you know, if he wants to win this fight, he better get going. Good combinations there by Wilder. He starts to open up. I I don't remember a hook being thrown until right there, but it was a nice hook off a right hand as he starts to pick up the pace. He 70% and there's a nice jab and right hand. 70% of Wilders's landed punches had been jabs. He was content to jab mainly to the body, but now he starts to open it up and Wilder looks good, Joe, when he throws his hands. Yeah. And let me tell you something, after that good one two he just threw a few minutes ago, a few seconds ago, I should say, he he could and he has the availability and the opportunity to follow up with maybe say a left hook to the body. It's followed up back to the head. Put a four punch combination together instead of two. And he's he's thinking in there because I see him throwing a straight right and then you know obviously Long's got his hands up covering for that right hand, but uh Wilder throws the right hand another way and like a looping right hand which is smart. Final 20 seconds of this third round. This will be the first sixrounder for Marcelus Wilder. Pac himself a little bit early on, but certainly much more comfortable and landed a lot of good power shots in this round. Obviously see the Wilder brothers keep in top flight condition. You know, everybody's got different ways of training. You know, there was a couple guys that I know, they actually uh blew bubbles, punching the bubbles in in uh in shadow boxing. So, and one even came in with a snake. So, uh there's all kinds of different ways. So, whatever whatever floats your bubble, right? And Marciano, of course, was an avid swimmer. Rocky Mariano. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Really all the time during training trip. I guess for you, Lennox, it's tougher to do that in Canada. It's cold water, right? Well, you know what? Winter training was always my favorite type of training because it always took a while to warm up and then you couldn't really rest too long because you'll get cold. So, it always put me in great shape. Here, round four, Marcelus Wilder against Dustin Long. Wilder landing 41% of his power shots in the third round. And that was really the difference as he starts to open up, throw more right hands, even landed a nice hook. Good combination punching by the younger Wilder. Yeah, exactly. He he followed that right hand up with a good left hook and I I think he could even get a couple more off of that like right there. Could follow up more. But look, he's being cautious and he's being smart and he's only got six fights under his belt. You know, a few more fights he's going to figure that all out. He'll go back and study his fights and uh he'll keep on improving. Our unofficial judges, Hall of Famer Larry Hazard. Larry, what do you think so far? So far, I got Wilder ahead 30 to 27. He's virtually winning the fight uh with one with one hand, the jab. He's been using the jab, but in this round, he's starting to open up a little bit more, you know, right hand over the top. He's doing some nice body work with the jab to the body. So, I have him ahead 30 to 27. He he looks comfortable in there. And I think uh if he keeps this up, should have no problems the rest of his. Yeah, Larry, just as you're saying that, he lands a right hand after he just jabs a really at will landing to the body and head. I'll say this down he goes. One shot. Jane says, "This is over." Out of nowhere, Justin Long had done virtually nothing all fight and he ends it with one shot. off the southpaw stance, by the way. And let me tell you, I told you he was waiting for that perfect opportunity and it came through. An absolute stunner. Unbelievable. And when you said that earlier, Lennox were thinking, "Yeah, you could wait all night. It won't happen." Well, well, he's 37. Well, it did happen there, and one shot is all it took. But again, it happened from the opposite side that we would have thought because it didn't look like he had much of a right hand. Turns out he had a health of a left hand off the jab. He did that from a southpaw position. He turned south Paul and he caught him cold. Yeah. I mean, you know, some guys trick people like that. They they, you know, they they box orthodox, but they're better south. Look, Dustin Long is 21 and two. But you see, he does have those two knockouts in his two wins. And now we have a new level of respect for Dustin Long. Wow. Let's go back. And you'll likely want to see that again. I want to see that again. There it is in the southpaw stance. Y as you right around. Boom. There it is. That's a short like shot. He didn't get his body behind it. Well, no, but if you saw, he turned his knuckles over really well. And he's probably got a better left hook than a straight right hand. That's why that left hand from the southpaw position thrown like a left hook. See, it's thrown like a left hook from a right-handed stance. and he's just slid across past Wilder and dropped all the power on. Yeah, that's a pretty short shot. So, you watch him. He'll fade over this way. Now he's bringing all his weight across the body and it was a great shot. Yeah. I mean, you know, part of the reason is because he's not really he didn't really focus on the fact that Long was a southpaw at that time. Exactly right. You know, he's used to an orthodox fighter. He's he's blocking like an orthodox uh uh guy was punching him and didn't realize that it was a um southpaw. Now Jay Nady stopped this immediately. I And you can see as we're looking into Marcelus Wilder's eyes why he tried to get up. He went down. He'd already waved that off. Yeah. Well, he saw that. Uh yeah, he he waved that off. Jay Ny made the right call. No, no question. I mean, again, the referee is always closer to it. You can see the eyes of the fighter. Dustin Long gets to dance. First fight west of Tennessee. He'll be dancing the night away in Las Vegas. Let's go to Jimmy Lennon. Ladies and gentlemen, we have the time of 1 minute 51 seconds in round number four. A referee in charge, Jay Ny stops the contest. He is the winner by way of knockout. Dustin Long. Dustin Long getting a knockout for Tennessee. Wow.