Kind: captions Language: en Congratulating the corner of Barios. Manny, your thoughts on that decision? I thought I won the fight. I mean, uh, it's close fight. My opponent is very tough, but it's a wonderful fight. I mean, good. You're a 46-y old man and you had stamina back like when you were 35. How did you manage to pull that off? &gt;&gt; Oh, just uh uh work hard, hard work and then discipline, everything like that. And um you know uh I have to uh keep my body shape as always. &gt;&gt; What more do you think you could have done so that it didn't come down to the hands of the judges? &gt;&gt; I'm sorry, Dad. What more do you think you could have done so that you wouldn't have had it come down to the hands of the judges? &gt;&gt; Oh, um uh I'm trying to uh uh find a way to uh finish the fight, but you know, my my opponents are so tough. It's great. Uh he's not careless. He throw punch his combination and uh with uh defense, so it's hard getting hard, but I just uh moving around and counter pants uh power pants. This is one of the great performances in the history of not only this sport but all of sports. What will you take from this as the disappointment of this draw and time passes? I think uh it's um you know it's inspiration to uh um you know like old boxers that you know when you have discipline and hard work uh you can still you can still fight and you know and um I'm so thankful to God because without God I'm not Manny Paka is not here. Um God is the the source of all the strength and uh good health that I have right now. &gt;&gt; What enabled you to be better tonight than you were four years ago? tonight. Um, I'm more experienced. I'm more uh uh tactical uh fighter than compared before. I'm more careless than when I was young. So now I'm more uh careful and uh I need to uh although this is my first comeback, but I need more more aggressive uh style and more punches, throwing punches like yes one because uh uh that's my style obviously. &gt;&gt; What will you do now? Will you fight again? &gt;&gt; Um, I think so. I think so. God willing. God willing. I know. I know. The fan is waiting there. I have I have I only have a uh two months uh uh training. Uh what I need to do is like uh continue my training like uh in a in a championship fight like this. Uh I should train like four months, three months in so that the fight will be good. But because of uh you know uh election in in in the Philippines, I I I start late for my training. But it's okay. You know, I love the Filipino people and I love to give honor to my country. &gt;&gt; So, you'd like to continue your career. Would you like a rematch? &gt;&gt; Yes, of course. Of course. That's the only legacy that I can uh leave behind, you know, to give inspiration to the Filipino people and to be proud wherever you are.