Kind: captions Language: en Today we're going to be talking about Dan Bilzerian, the king of Instagram, as many were are referring to him as, has expressed interest in having his first MMA fight. So before I state my opinion on the matter, I want to hear what you guys think. So Dan is about 5'9 based on the research that I found and walks around like 195. Very big guy, um, in great shape. But I'm curious what you guys think. Is he going to do well? Who would you like to see him fight in this segment? It's going to be me. Uh, like I said, he's he's got at least 50 pounds on me, a couple inches. Not saying I wouldn't fight him. Um, yeah. So, all these people are commenting now. Uh, for those of you who don't know Damarian, I I mean, I still haven't even really figured him out. He's he's an influencer. He's a personality on Instagram mostly, but he's got uh I mean, he's all over the internet really. He's a partyier. He's uh like I said, I think he's mostly just a personality. What's up everybody? Jake, Jose, Lucas, Osam, Baky, Thomas, what's up everybody? See, I'll be answering questions as we play. I want to hear what you guys think though. For those of you who know who Dan Bzerian is, wants to have his first MMA fight. I based on what I've seen on the internet, everyone's saying CM Punk, you know, CM Punk who has one fight against Dan who has none. What do you guys think? I'm curious. I'm curious what you think before I tell you what I think. Nice. He's a pro gambler. Yeah, I heard that's how he made a ton of his money, right? Gambling. Uh, Floyd versus Conor. Who will win? Who do you think? I'm not saying that Conor McGregor doesn't have a chance in a boxing match. Everyone's got a chance. Could always be that one lucky punch. However, it's not likely he'll win. Juan Ardondo wants a shout out. Done. Pumped up and ready to go. Do a tornado kick at the start. Does my character do that? I got a spinning heel kick. I don't think I do tornado kicks. Yeah, everyone saying Floyd hands down in a boxing match. I mean, that would be a no-brainer. Like I said, there's a possibility. It's a southball. McGregor is bigger. Um, Zap Judah was the only person ever put Floyd down, even though it didn't count as a knockdown. I love to touch the mat. Um, Mosley staggered him with that overhand right. However, no one's really giving him trouble. Maybe Zabrezo Leazo Connor would smash him. I agree. It would smash him in an MMA fight or a street fight. I agree. In an MMA fight. That'll never happen though. That'll never happen. The fight itself, man. But it's going to be in the boxing ring. All right. So, let's see. Dan Belzerian sportsman. He touches gloves. Like I said, he's about two inches taller than me in real life, maybe an inch taller, but he's got at least 50 lbs on me. This is probably what I'd be doing in a real fight. Jabbing all day. Jab high, jab low, touch and go. Try to drain his energy a little bit, maybe work some hooks to the body. Would he switch in southpaw? Would he stay in southpaw? He'd have more footage to study of me than I would of him. Illusion Avon, what's up? When Shane answers you, if he doesn't start to defend these heavy kicks, this fight should be over very soon. You're on PS4, too. Heck yes, says Grizzly. That's right, man. [Applause] Casey, what's up? I'm a beginner boxer. Can you give me one advice, please? Stay consistent. Try to get to the gym or train at least 5 days a week if you're if you really want to see some serious results. Consistency is key in any endeavor. [Applause] Nah, Shawarma. Just a guy with a camera sharing the knowledge that other people have taught me, that's all. But thank you. I appreciate the kind words. First round knockout. I'll try. Let's go with the knee to the body. No, he's blocked it. His reaction times on point for someone who's never fought before. Couldn't agree with you more, Mike. [Applause] Why did you start MMA? Um, always had interest in it. I started taekwondo when I was young, but I still remember watching Josh Thompson against Eve Edwards was one of the first fights I ever saw. The Matt Hughes era was huge for me. BJ Penn, Nick Diaz, I still remember Nick Diaz knocking out Robbie Lawler. I thought that was one of the coolest things. Um, who else? What's his name? Um, it's the Asian guy. We are all one. And he does the robot dance. That was his name. Jenki Sudo. Sudo is the man. I remember watching him. [Applause] Yeah. I just think I think mixed martial arts is awesome. I think martial arts in general is great. You know, that's my passion. [Applause] How do I beat up my h? When did you start martial arts? I was 9 years old when I started Taekwond. Who's your favorite UFC fighter? Current or ever? [Applause] Dton Billings needs a shout out. [Applause] Someone said, "I'm high and I have a boxing match in a few hours. Is that bad?" I'd say that's terrible planning on your on your part. Yeah. Yeah. Ever. Favorite UFC fighter ever. really well placed on display in that round. [Applause] Let me just talk to your dad instead of trying to fight him. Communications kid. [Music] [Applause] I remember the good old days with aunt. Me too. Me too. Salute you. Thank you. I salute you right back. about that first round. It was a decent first round. It looks like they're just starting to pick up the pace though. There's the combination. Oh, nice. Big straight punch. He is going after it here. Oh boy. Blood is oozing. Oh, head kick. He's down. I'm tired. Got to go to school. All right, Patrick, get them A+es, bro. Awesome. [Applause] Thank you, Aiden. You're the best. Appreciate that. [Applause] I'm trying, Baky. I'm trying to pick him off. He's limping. He appears to be injured. He gets some torque on that hook. Assassin with a strong combination. [Applause] There we go. Thought Kabib not making weight. I mean, it's If you can't make weight, you shouldn't fight in that division. You got to you got to step up and wait. Um, this has been something that UFC and MMA in general has been trying to figure out and set rules and everything else. I don't know. I mean, I can't really have sympathy for for that, especially I mean, I don't know if Kabib's had this problem in the past. I understand that it's um that it's troublesome. It takes the hell out there. takes a lot of timing and preparation and understanding, but when you're at that level, you should be able to hire someone, a nutritionist, someone to help you out. And he's really oozing now. [Applause] Assassin's ever think of move when I'm kickboxing. Do you have any advice? Train more. So you don't have to think. You should just do it. It should be a millisecond for you to decide what to throw based on what you see and you just do it. Your body just goes. So that's where training comes into play. I'd love to see Dan Blazer and get his ass kicked. Yeah. I mean, what do you think? What do you guys think? Uh, does he stand a chance? Who does he fight? I mean, I wouldn't mind. I wouldn't mind stepping in there. In fact, I'd do it for free. The publicity and exposure that I'd get out of it. I'd fight it any weight, too. I'll step up. difference between old martial arts and new martial arts. What do you mean like the traditional taekwond do as compared to current mixed martial arts? I mean, you got to you got to get with the times if you expect to win. Good combo at the end there. You got to you got to stay with the times. It's um what MMA is the best of the best that works for you. A lot of people say uh kung fu doesn't work, iikido doesn't work, karate doesn't work, taekwondo doesn't work. Not entirely. If if you're just going to practice taekwond do and expect to get in the cage and win, what's going to happen when you get taken down and go to the ground? And then if your argument is, well, I'm not going to let him get close enough to take me down. Well, then that's just an ignorant response. You you got you have to mix it up. Way of the future advice on developing a powerful mindset. Again, training. Um, the more you push yourself, the more you step outside of your comfort zone, those things that used to scare you no longer will. You think about something that that you were so afraid of doing. Um, maybe the first day you started work or started school, you were nervous. Everyone's nervous to try something new for the first time, but the more you do it, the easier it becomes. And then now that's behind you, that's in the past, it's never going to bother you again. Then you continue to challenge yourself and step outside of your comfort zone, become more and more powerful each step of the way. Nice hook. Life ain't easy. You got to roll with the punches. Sometimes put your head down and just keep pushing forward. Let him up. Light him up. [Applause] Let him up. Let him up. One more. [Applause] I like that, Mike. I like how he's mixing it up. Oh, he's tired. All right, guys. No, no bullying, no arguing in the chat, please. Not on this channel. It's the one I one channel you can't do it on. Best way to fight a taller opponent. I mean, I have videos on this. It's there's tons. There's tons of different strategies. of course getting in on the inside so that they don't have the as much leverage um ability to land their long limbs against you, their punches. Um but then if it's Muay Thai or MMA, you have to be wary of the Muay Thai clinch because they have an advantage cuz they're leaning down on you. Let's land an elbow. Wrong one. Um, leg kicks, takedowns are great against taller opponents. Tips for anxiety before battle. That's another one I have a video on. Just know that it's normal. Know that you're uh know that your opponent is anxious and nervous as well. It's it's human nature. You know, you're going in there against someone who's trying to take your head off. Of course, you're going to be nervous. Um, so accept it. Don't try to Don't try to hide it. We'll pretend it's not there. Accept it for what it is. Deep breathing. Smile. Remember why you train, why you're in there, what your goals are. Just have a good time. Whatever happens happens. Don't worry about win or lose. Just do your best. Connor versus Garbrand at 145. Who you got? um Connor just because Garbrand I would like to see him fight some more highlevel guys first just based on experience alone. I'm not saying skill-wise he doesn't have the ability to beat Connor, but why rush? Why put him up against Cream of the Crop if he hasn't fought TJ yet? Or granted, Dominic Cruz, yeah, is one of the best, but he's not known for his power punching or knocking people out. So, I'd like to see him work his way up. Inspired me a lot, says Jake. Learn a lot from your videos. And I bet you have a massive swan. Well, thank you. I appreciate appreciate all that. Appreciate the kind words. Hey yo, Fazing Bro, isn't the keto diet better than standard carb? I don't know, guys. You know what my diet is? I see it and I eat it. The seafood diet. I really uh I just do a ton of cardio, a ton of calisthenics, highintensity interval training, plyometrics, weight training, fight training to the point where I can eat whatever I want. That's that's the lifestyle I want to live. I don't want to restrict my diet. I used to when I was fighting. What I used to do is yeah, I would do mostly cutting out carbs. I guess it was similar to uh like an Atkins diet, but whatever works for you. Uh guys, I asked you not to bully in here. Please do not. That's me being nice. Jacobs versus Triple G. Um it was a close fight. I watched the whole thing. I I ordered it. Um, and uh I was more shocked that Chocolatito lost the decision. Um, I didn't think it was I mean I still had Triple G winning by two rounds. I thought his jab was much better. It was funny because when I looked online, everyone was talking about uh Jacob's jab and he had a good jab, but not as effective I thought as Triple G's. Triple G was landing the harder of the shots. You're stepping into the jab instead of more of that probing long jab. Triple G's defense defense was on point. His blocking at least. Not as much head movement. Everyone knows his head movement isn't his strong point, but I thought it was enough for him to win the fight. Mark says, "Shane fighting Bellator versus looked like this." Wow. All right, guys. is if the bullying doesn't stop him cutting the stream off. It's the last one I'm seeing. If I see another one after that, it's um closing it out. I saw Joe Batalini. Um someone said all I saw was something about his ch. I would love to do something with Joe. Um I love his style of teaching, his style of fighting. That would be huge. Shane verse over him. Yeah, that's not a big weight difference. Let's do it. Make it happen. Dana, how do I beat a bigger guy in school? The same way you beat a bigger guy on the streets or anywhere else. You want to use your faints. You want to use your speed. A safe fair assumption to make is that uh your endurance will be better. That is if you have good endurance. Um unless he's some athlete that just doesn't have the body type for it. You don't want to assume that he's slower because that may not be the case. Use your faints. Uh stick and move. Good footwork. Stay balanced. Try to avoid the clinch. Don't go to the ground. High low strategy. So body, head, body, head, finish to the leg. Something like that. Daddy Shane. That's cool. That's uh that's mature. I'm asking you not to bully people and that's what you're going to say to me. That's cool. That was a good one. And Benny is that not to be said in here. So please, you know what? I'm going Bispang for GSP versus Bispang just because it seems like everyone's first instinct is to say is to say GSP, but taking that much time off against the bigger opponent. Oo, good way to finish the round. I'm going uh I'm actually going to go Bisping. the unorthodox style. I think similar to Matt Sarah looks something like an overhand right. I could see that happening. Um I could also see GSP taking him to the ground on the first punch and that happening for five rounds straight. But just to play devil's advocate, let's say uh let's say Bising, uh thoughts on Gestalum fighting uh Anderson Silva, right? Um I'm going to go Gastelum. Um just because I think um not taking anything away from Anderson, but I think he's past his prime. I think it's pretty safe to say. Um and uh that pressure that Castellum can put on him, the boxing I think is a little better. I'm going to go with Castellum. What do you guys think? Shame for staying away. I'll do it. [Applause] Awesome. Wow. What a back and forth exchange. Very good defense on display here. Very good blocks. Yeah. Is there any way can you guys uh uh flag the sama's post? Got to get that out of here and stick with that stuff. Keyboard warriors. The toughest people in the world. Big right hand. I will beat Someone just said, "I'll beat you up with Shane's wife's sandals." How' they know she was wearing sandals? A comeback. The comeback. That's all right. They paid me to go down in the fifth. Very nice sweep. Winds up in his guard. Nice. [Applause] Turn him sideways with that one. Awesome. Right into that. I like how he mixes that up, Mike. I just think that's You're leaving. All right, let me stay up. Here, give me this. I love it. Have fun. Say bye to Marie, everyone. Going to yoga. Beautiful body shot there, too. Oh, that's a big combination. Oh, so tired. This was not part of the strategy to get real tired. Is you player a tie fighter? Not sure what that means. between who will win? What? Between me and him. I don't know. Come on, bro. What a jab. Good combinations. 45 seconds. Izzy. He's a trained fighter. Wow. Shane versus the UFC. How about I put everyone at the same time? Sully, what? Something you want to say to everyone? Yeah, say it. You're on TV. You're famous. [Music] [Applause] Look, you're on TV. Now it's in the hands of the judges. People wearing headphones are gonna be upset at you. All right, guys. I'm out of here. Um, tell Dan Bzerian I'll fight him for free any way he wants. Let's do it. That's probably saying bye. Till next time. I'm saying with fight. Thank you guys for coming in. If I missed your questions, I'm sorry. I'm going to try to continue doing this. Um, Wednesdays. This is the second week in a row we've been doing it. Thank you guys for coming in. Ryan Bader at Bellator. What do you think? I'm excited for it, man. Bellator. I'm telling you, the roster is growing. Everyone, it was a joke for the longest time, but UFC keeps making mistakes. All those fighters keep going over to Bellator. Going to be the next big division. And then, could you imagine the Grand Prix where it's Bellator versus UFC fighter? I'm excited for that. Till next time, I'm Shane with Fight Tips. What? I dropped him like a hundred times. Rig rigged blind reps. See you guys later. Take care.