Kind: captions Language: en Hello everybody and welcome to Combate Global streaming live on Fight Tips. We are making MMA history tonight here in Los Angeles. We are at Estrella TV Studios. If you're tuning in and you want the Spanish broadcast, you go over to Ricardo and Alex on the YouTube channel Combate Global. What's up everybody? Welcome. I'm here joined by my good friend and my MMA coach Bob Peach. If you know Bob Peach, you know the legend is with us today. How you feeling coach? &gt;&gt; I'm feeling great. I'm super excited to be here for Combate Global. And this event is action-packed. Can't wait for these these four exciting bouts. And again, making history live on on Fight Tips YouTube. Yeah, exactly. So we got the chat up right now. I see you Grand Mixer. I see you Voshon Bacon in the house. Undefeated 11 and 0. But we got to talk about the fights that are going on tonight. We got Tony Cortez versus Cruz Garcia. Someone's always got to go. Both five and 0. Then it goes to Jonathan Guidry and Jowi Mendez. Talking about the Mexican Jake Paul. He hates that name, but Jonathan Guidry the Hitman wants to wants to show that this is his La Jaula. This is his cage. Flor Hernandez vs. Jonathan Garcia. And then Ricardo Chavez vs. Jaden Ortega. Jaden Ortega is up next. Presenting the blue corner in the blue corner wearing black vestido de negro at 171 lb with a pro record 28 victories and 24 losses from Mexico City, MEXICO RICARDO CHAVEZ INTRODUCING the red corner wearing blue his official weight 170.4 lb He enters La Jaula undefeated as a pro with five victories from Spokane, Washington Jonathan Romero Jonathan Romero, the third man in La Jaula Blanca as Jaden Ortega and Ricardo Chavez come face to face. Arguably this could be the main event of the night. Quick athletic young guy looking to secure another TKO victory, but you can't underestimate Woody. He's got over 50 professional fights. Right away you see Woody taking the middle. Jaden working his footwork, his feints, kind of seeing where he's going to be stance-wise. opening But could that work against him if Exactly. We got Jaden who's extremely explosive. Could he catch him off guard, Peach? 100%. I think a thing about MMA people underestimate is there is no feeling out process. A lot of times you might see a few probes, but there's a lot of quick blitzes in MMA and you got to be ready for the quick attack. It does look to me like Jaden is kind of luring him in to see if he's going to overcommit with a strike and he's going to look for that counter left. Again, another southpaw matchup. Open stance can be a difficult thing to prepare for when you have an adequate striker that's a southpaw just simply because there's not a lot of lefties in the world. Or I should say in North America. You go to Thailand, most of the gym will be lefties. Jaden Ortega getting close to Woody. And Woody doesn't seem to be reacting. Again, that could be he's totally calm and experienced. Or if he doesn't react, he's under reacting, then he's going to get caught with something. Yeah, Jaden's sticking to the game plan that he told us about. Lots of movement, lots of switch change stance switches, lots of feints. I still think he's trying to feel out how kind of fighting with a high IQ right now, kind of seeing where he's going to lay as a young fighter. You don't usually expect this much of a feel out process, but it's good to see a guy who's staying disciplined, sticking to his guns. Yeah, just a moment ago he landed that left. And again, he throws it to the leg. That's kind of what started the beginning of the end in his last fight that he won in just 44 seconds. Yeah, I see I see a tactic as old as time starting out low, getting the guy to think low and then maybe come high with a a flashy technique like the high kick. Or he said he loves the jump knee, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Let's talk about what just happened right there. Woody hit an inside calf kick. Is that a real thing? I've heard I've heard GSP say that's not a real thing. You don't want to kick shin on shin. Talk to me about that. &gt;&gt; So I think it's all about angles. I love to use the analogy of a ruler. A ruler on its side is a sharp blade. That's like your shin bone. But a ruler on the on the wide side is weak and bends. So when you when you meet at the wrong angles, that's when you can get a shin a devastating shin injury. But I do think they could be effective if you get a good entry angle or you do more of that That left straight landed real clean for Jaden. First left straight of the of the night from him and it lands flush on the chin. And he gets right back to moving. But like you said, Woody's right in the center of La Jaula. Lands &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; a nice two-three piece. Initiates to plant some dirty boxing. One thing I can see that maybe a factor for Woody is he's not moving his head too much. He did just slip a nice left hand, but he does keep his chin a little bit high. So I wonder if Jaden can close the distance with a combination and look for that left. He's favoring that nice straight left. You called this though, Peach. You said that Ricardo Chavez has tons of experience. This is going to be a tough fight. Right as I say that, Jaden lands the cleanest punch of the fight. Got to fight. Got to fight. He says he claims tonight, Peach, but &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; That's a that's a problem in this sport. People think they have that they can claim when they're injured. It's up to the referee. The referee's doing his job. If he doesn't see it, you got to keep fighting. Yeah, he's flinching. It looked like he got punched in the eye. Sometimes people misinterpret a punch to the eyeball as a as a finger and they hurt just the same. Yeah, heavy flinching coming now from Ricardo and Jaden is taking advantage of it. You close your eyes, the monsters don't go away. They get a whole lot worse. Yes, sir. I really think if Jaden can open up with a couple combinations, &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; he's kind of looking for the single shot. With that left kick again, he likes that one. It's also got Woody on the back foot. Woody's retreating constantly right now. So he's going to have to do something to get Jaden to back off. I liked earlier when he showed signs of the clinch. He's going to use the clinch maybe slow the younger guy down. Ooh, a heavy left hand from Jaden Ortega. You can hear it echoing through the studio here. &gt;&gt; probably the first opponent that Jaden has fought. Guy like Woody that's a savvy veteran. There's a And that is the end of the round. Who you giving that one to, coach Peach? I got to go with Jaden. Like a 10-9 round. I said yeah, 10-9 to Jaden. I think he definitely landed We're talking about scoring criteria in MMA, which is based on damage and control. He definitely landed the more damaging shots. I do like would like to see him open up with some more combinations and maybe put a little bit more pressure on Woody. And what are you saying to Woody right now if you're in his corner? What kind of advice? I think Woody needs to start to get Jaden give Jaden a reason to not back him up and give him a reason to stop in his tracks. So I think he needs to flash some feints, throw that jab in his chest. And and he did at the end of the round. He started to block some round kicks. So if you start they're not going to be as flagrant. Really stepped his strength conditioning up. Physically he looks great. He looks in the best shape that we've seen him. Absolutely. Yeah, he looks to be in the best shape of his life. Second round seems to always be where we see where everyone's conditioning lies. Got Grand Mixer GMS in the chat saying, "I've seen some of practice sessions with Jaden. He is a savage." Yeah, and it's showing here. Like what Peach is mentioning, too. Excellent conditioning, excellent movement. And he especially that left straight. Yeah, I think Woody's feet he's getting his movement back, but Ooh, nice question mark. And he goes down. Tries [cheering] to finish him with the knee, but doesn't have to because he gets the ground and pound finish from Jaden Ortega. Let's go. Good night to the Fight Tips logos. Passed the five-minute round, is setting up the body kick, and you go with one question mark kick and get the finish. Exactly. You make those investments in the body, everyone's got to respect it. Yep. Obviously honestly Woody is lucky that that that knee didn't land. I think that's a great uh Yeah, that that was a great stoppage and that was that was a good call end of the fight by the ref. A foot to the face maybe even than the eye. Now I got a question for you, coach Peach. Is it considered an eye poke if my toe goes in your eye? So that that's something that in the rule books I think anything that projects into the eyeball can be considered an eye poke, but it has to be called a foul by the referee. So it's not a foul if the ref doesn't see it, but also hard to judge. Yeah, that's what it looks like. His reaction it looks like &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; La Jaula has Blanca been undefeated? &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Thanks for tuning in everybody. Let's go to the live chat. I know I see we got some technical difficulties. Believe me, I'm not happy about it. I'm talking to Campbell immediately after this show. Jay Schreiber says that flying knee must have cut him open. Yeah, I don't think the flying knee landed my man, but I mean good for Woody that it didn't land. I think that was a good stoppage. Coach Jay Furn in the house. He says he's got some serious striking power. Yeah, not just power too. You got timing. You got speed. Really good feints. And he's got a such a massive toolbox that he's going to throw flying knees and spin kicks and just a really tough southpaw. We're checking in with the fighters now. Seems that Ricardo Chavez really is having some issues with his eye, but that's Like you said, it's obviously not intentional that he poked him in the eye with his toe. And I think in round one was a punch That was a jab. That was a punch that I think to his other eye. to his eye. So I wish him the best. I hope this these eye injuries could be a problem in the sport. We hope there's nothing permanent to damage there. He's a tough guy. Like I said, he's 50 pro fights. Over 50 professional fights. But what's next for Jayden Ortega? We got a young stud who's now 6 and 0 with combined with his amateur record. He's nine out of his 10 wins are finishes. This guy's the limit for this type of guy. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's got to start calling people out. I really want to see what's next for him cuz he could I mean the power's in his hands. We're going to get the official announcement from Beatrice Callas. 26 seconds of round number two. And your winner by technical knockout &gt;&gt; [applause] &gt;&gt; Disappointed Ricardo Chavez exits exits La Jaula. And a very happy Jayden Ortega. I think we got to see Jayden fight a grappler. We got to see what he can do on the ground. &gt;&gt; That'd be really interesting. Don't go anywhere everybody. We got Flor Hernandez versus the Muay Thai master Yanet Garcia. I am super excited about this fight. We have two Muay Thai stylists. I think we're going to see them meet in the middle and bang it out. I do know they both have grappling backgrounds as well, but I can't help but to think we're going to see some showcase of their striking skills. Very evenly matched fight. I was picking this for my fight of the night. Yeah, and this is what Combate Global is all about. It's it's inherently a lot of really good striking. You've got Latin American fighters, Central American fighters, Argentinian fighters, you got Mexican fighters, you got Puerto Rican fighters, but they all tend to favor good striking, boxing. It's that fighting spirit. They just want to get in there and they want to bang it out. But like you said, Yanet Garcia, black belt in jiu-jitsu. If she has to fall back on that, she will, but I think this is going to be three rounds or less of basically small glove Muay Thai. Yeah, I'm excited. Um Something to note about Yanet Garcia is she's a former Muay Thai champion as well. Um on the East Coast promotion Freedom Muay Thai. We're very familiar with that. We just had one of our guys defend his title. Shout out to Vashaun Mack. Vashaun Mack, they're calling him the black diamond. I thought it should have been black mamba, but that's another conversation to have with the back basketball reference, but but anyways, very excited uh uh Flor actually she started her career undefeated. She had five wins in a row. Um she's fought mixed martial arts and Muay Thai. So I'm kind of excited to see if she's made any revolutions in her game. Also uh like you mentioned if we get two guy two equal strikers what does that always end up being? Sometimes ends up being a grappling match, right? Because they're even on the feet. We end up seeing more of the grappling exchanges. So I'm interested to see what happens. I tend to hope that it's going to be a striking match, but But you got to be ready &gt;&gt; But also because I'm training with you and I'm we're learning my jiu-jitsu I've had a new found of appreciation for it. The best in the industry Beatrice Callas is going to be announcing the next fight after we take a look at the highlights. Jayden Ortega does what he does. He utilized his movement. He utilized his feints. He sniped. He was explosive and he just was too much for Ricardo Chavez. Chavez had some success here especially when he made it a little messy, some dirty boxing in the clinch. But that left straight right there was kind of the beginning of the end. That was the flying knee. Classic southpaw tactics. Investing in the body and legs early to set up that perfectly placed question mark kick. And I think we're all happy that that knee didn't land right there. That that was the that was the end of the show. Shout out to my mom. My mom's in the chat. Hey mom. What's up mom? You haven't met Pete yet, have you? Yeah, another excellent flawless performance. I hope Jayden's happy about that one. He said he really wanted the spinning heel kick knockout. He went for it. I honestly think with a young guy like him um to get these multiple round fights is better than the quick finishes because he needs this experience if he wants to get to the highest level in the sport. He needs more ring time. So it's good to go seven minutes with a 50 fight veteran and still get the finish in the second round with composure. Yeah, we really haven't seen him be tested yet. You know, and and when that day comes how's he going to handle the pressure? Up next we've got Flor Hernandez versus Yanet Garcia. Super excited for this one. Big fan of both these athletes. So Pete, how you feeling? Two fights in. Only one has been streamed here on the FightTips YouTube channel. What do you think? First time? I mean I think this is going great. I think if you could take a look at the stream, look at this crazy set. It's unbelievable set. It's kind of the first I've kind of ever seen um where we have classic old school uh giant theatric entrances close to the cage. The crowd is super close to the cage as well. And it's an amphitheater, so we got about 500 fans in here. Uh super close. There's not a bad seat in the house and we probably have one of the best as well. Nothing nothing I like more than watching fights, but to be hands on and eyes on great. Before we check in with the chat, I want to give some shout outs. We've got CT Fletcher in the crowd. We've got Mayhem Miller, Jason Miller, Billy Beatdown in the crowd. We got Ant the mayo in the house. Let's check in with the chat. Well, your father's here too. Oh, my father's in here too. Okay, guy. You want to get on the mic, Ant? Get on the mic. Come over here. All right. We got a guest appearance. Ant the mayo in the house. Where is this at? We are in Los Angeles. Yo. How you doing? &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Got a FightTips original OG. &gt;&gt; Where's the camera? Oh, look It's not on us, but we they can hear us though. Good. Look at this handsome man. Yo, the chat. Where we at? CC Faison. Shout out to you. Thomas story. Shout out to my beautiful wife. Oh She's asking for Mayhem and Owen, my son Owen's second podcast. &gt;&gt; he at? Let's go get him. Go go grab him. Yo check check check some of these fights. Dude. You watched the Beavis and Butt-Head in the chat? Who is this? No, it's not Mayhem. This is an OG uh Oh. All right. Faison dude's back. Hit up all your friends. Tell them to get on this live uh walking to the cage in the traditional mongkon. Testament to her Muay Thai background. Like we said before, former Muay Thai champion. Um undefeated in pro mixed martial arts. And I think we got a she's got a perfect dance partner for this fight. Yeah, this is going to be a good one. You think there's going to be a feeling out process in this one? Do you think they're just going to I think I think cuz they both experienced, I think we're going to see a couple little exchanges in the middle, maybe some feints and some probes. And then the action's going to ensue. Yes. Chad, who you got? Let me know in the chat. Call it. Continuamos con mucha más acción este duelo a un peso pactado de 108 libras. We continue with much more action this bout at a catch weight of 108 lb. Los jueces son the judges are Arthur Chivichyan, Felicia Oh, and Jonathan Romero. &gt;&gt; [cheering] [applause] &gt;&gt; Presentando en la esquina azul in the blue corner Su peso oficial 107.6 libras. Her official weight 107.6 lb With a pro record four victories and four losses de Monterrey, MéXICO &gt;&gt; [screaming] &gt;&gt; PRESENTANDO EN LA ESQUINA ROJA in the red corner wearing white and blue Su peso oficial 107.4 libras Her official weight 107.4 lb She enters la jaula undefeated as a pro with four victories from SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA &gt;&gt; [screaming] &gt;&gt; THE REFEREE IN CHARGE Jason Herzog One of the best in the business, Jason Herzog is the third man in la jaula blanca. Yeah, I don't think we're going to see too much of a feeling out process. I think they're going to get down and dirty. Um I would expect to see some traditional Muay Thai probes. We're going to see some jabs, some foot jabs, maybe some low kicks. Both eager and ready. I love the go stance. &gt;&gt; Yeah. They need to get at it with smiles on their face. Let's go. And it's Hernandez that takes the center of la jaula. Starts early with the faints. And Flor does Flor does have uh significant reach advantage, so we're going to see what how she can use that. 8 in is a lot. Yeah, I mean that could be a massive reach advantage at this height. They're both 5 ft 5 ft 2. An 8 in reach advantage is that's that's massive at this at this weight class. That is what she said. It is. She She leading with that lead hook, lead low kick. Again, we got another open stance fight. Southpaw versus orthodox. &gt;&gt; lands a nice left straight Yep. to intercept the incoming kick. Yanet is slowly cutting the ring off, backing her up. Making the making the cage ring a little bit smaller. I could be wrong, coach, but I think that Hernandez is kind of feeling Yanet's power already. It was one low kick and one punch that landed and Flor kind of took a step back. And here we go, she right to the clinch. Look, nice plum Muay Thai clinch, too. Yanet did say she loves the clinch. Decides on the body lock. Good great head position. So, with this inside head position, she's keeping her opponent which if you guys notice, it keeps her feet close together. So, if she does decide to level change, it'll be easier to lock her hands or beat her up in the in this position. So, one of my favorite modified clinch positions for Muay Thai and for MMA. Um Keeping these underhooks is going to lead to those level changes. She's already beat that head position. Good, this is perfect. So, see how she has the right underhook and her head position on the same side. That's going to give a a lot of problems to Flor. Um Flor did a great job though. She keeps pummeling, but Yanet followed. Notice she's always sticking to the head position on the underhook. It's going to give the most pressure against the cage. Using the traditional knee shield here. She has to be careful though. It's easy to get dumped there. Yeah. Yanet landed a chopping elbow just a moment ago. &gt;&gt; [applause and cheering] &gt;&gt; Again, excellent control by Yanet. She She's easily turning and controlling the clinch. &gt;&gt; a left elbow coming here, too. Oh, right elbow. It's what I meant to say. So I think uh off that knee shield, it's a perfect opportunity to take a single leg or to dump her over her back in the backside. Which you know Yanet definitely has experience with and is comfortable doing. I also think this is a great tactic uh strategy wise. You're going to smother some of your opponent in the clinch. When you're getting pushed back in the clinch and you have to be defensive here, it's an energy sucker. Uh The clinch is such an easy way to drain your opponent's energy and get their arms heavy. It's going to make them their striking less effective, their grappling less effective. And if you're the better clincher, if you're the better clinch fighter, it's safer [cheering] than where we are right now. Now, Hernandez has a chance, a puncher's, a kicker's chance to do some serious damage, but it seems like she wasn't as comfortable in the clinch. Yanet seemed to be dominating there. Yeah, I'd like to see some more faints. Here we go, level level changes from Yanet. It's going to definitely allow her to step in, close the distance. And every time you keep the faints going, at least you can make your opponent react. Whether they freeze, they react with their hands, they react with their hips, they think it's a level change, they're stuck there. They're stuck in the mud for a second. Yanet does not seem to be [laughter] deterred by her opponent's power. She's staying in the pocket, keeps stepping forward. Her head is constantly moving, too. Whether she's offering offense back or she's just standing. She's got Flor on her back foot. Flor is kind of waiting to counter, but this is playing right into Yanet's clinch game. Yeah, it looks like Flor is trying her best to separate. She wants to box. But Yanet felt the success that she had. &gt;&gt; She's got to be careful with trying to go for this this headlock or the souchi mata because she's going to get her back taken. Um this is something that people get desperate against the cage and they try to cover the hips, but you always are going to get your back taken here. Here we go, she transitions popping the head, ducking the under to the back. Oh, hey. Almost a head kick off the break. Excellent. Right back to middle. I bet you here comes the pressure forward. Trying to back her up again on the on the cage side. Coming up to the 30-second mark in the first round. Some really good clinch work. Heavy low kick. Excellent. Need to see some more defense, too. Sometimes in MMA, the defensive tactics are put to the side and we tend to exchange and it's like at the end of the day we still need to see good martial arts techniques, but also damage scored is part of the scoring criteria. So, if you're eating everything it could be a problem. And that brings a close to the first round between Yanet Garcia and Flor Hernandez. Tough one to score, but I think um edging towards Yanet just based on that clinch work. I 100% agree. I think um if you're looking at who's kind of leading the dance, who's pushing the pace, Yanet definitely has the advantage there. So, if we're going on scoring criteria um and also remember damage done. We saw her turn her hips a little bit from one of the low kicks. She backed her head off of the of the right hand. At the end of the day um not a lot to judge on, but again, if we're looking at situational positions won, we have to give that a a 10-9 to Yanet. We're in Flor Hernandez right now in her corner of la jaula as we switch over to Yanet Garcia and you can kind of see the difference in demeanor. Seems like Yanet is a little bit more optimistic a little bit more excited to get into round two. So, let's do it. Seconds out. The feelings of the feeling process is over. Now, I think we're going to see some a little bit more intent. Yeah, we got Jay Scrapper 100 in the chat saying Hernandez got discouraged to strike as much after the clinch. 100% Also, she got hit with a couple big shots. You feel someone's power early, it can get you to back up a little bit and then you get put in that clinch right away. Yanet closing distance with her outside head movement, keeping her head off center line. She's throwing She loves to enter with that the lead with the rear cross, followed up with the lead hook. &gt;&gt; [applause] &gt;&gt; A little switch stance action. Oh, nice. Flor grabs a low kick, takes Yanet down and keeps the pressure on her. Ooh, cage awareness. Oh, Yanet gets a double down for Yeah, now she needs to think about using the cage just like we would on the match. She needs to keep her back to the cage and start about-facing that choke. Worst case scenario right now, she should turn to half guard so she doesn't get her back taken. So, she would have to switch her hip. If she stands up here, she still has to worry about uh Flor's left hook. Uh Yanet looks super calm and composed like she's been here a million times in training. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; So, the problem here for Yanet is that when she goes to build with the hooks, she now is going to have trouble scraping her off. So, what she wants to try to do is is go to that shallow hook side and she's going to turn to her physical left. Flor is doing a great job of of maintaining the underhook and wrist control. Um Even though these aren't brutal shots, this is a winning position right now for Flor. So, she she's going to hold on to this back mount position. Um Now, walk me through like I'm Yanet right now and you're cornering me, coach. How do I get Floor off my back? &gt;&gt; So, two things need to be done here. Right now, um Floor does have like a modified body triangle. So, what she needs to do is try to clear her left leg. Two things she could do here. She could take a moment with her left hand and lift the crossed foot and that's going to make Floor's weight shift to one side and she could shake her off or what she's doing right now, which is my favorite, is try to get a two-on-one and put your back against the cage just like we do a mount escape. So, she's going to scrape her off. Now, she's perpendicular. Now, she's going to butt &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; She's got to watch out for that armlock. She's got her arm Yep, she's applying that armlock. Yanet needs to Yanet needs to stack. She's got to watch this extension. Good. She's breaking the posture control with the leg over the head. Good. She stepped over the bottom leg. It's not going to be much of an armlock threat. She's in the half guard. We always say half guard is home. It's great position to strike from in MMA. She has multiple options. Now, she's going to rain in the ground and pound. Trap the arm in the crucifix. &gt;&gt; Yep, going for the crucifix position. &gt;&gt; Maybe look for a rear naked from here. Great That's &gt;&gt; That's in too. That's under the chin. Yeah, she's going to need to put some sort of hip control or keep the crucifix. So, that was why she was able to get out of it because you can turn your hip. I think she should mount return. Yeah, but right back to the choke. Throw the hook. Now, it's Now, she's in trouble. She's going to fall to her right hip. She's going to switch to the Captain America choke, which is palm up, palm down. One of Mayhem Miller's specialties. I think I called it the Captain America because I think he called it that before. She's sitting five people &gt;&gt; We're going to get him out. We'll get him out of here in a And that's it right there. You're what we're seeing. Great fight. The Muay Thai specialist uses her black belt Brazilian &gt;&gt; black belt Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. But like she said, she was going to work it on the feet. It was actually, if we look at that, it was Floor who initiated the grappling exchange, got countered, got reversed, and then got strangled. So, &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; sometimes like you want to press that area and you're you're pressing her strong suit as well. It was a great fight. Excellent fight. Showed full MMA skillset. Very emotional Yanet Garcia is relieved, proud, happy as she should be. She works super hard. So far, Coach B, this is most technical fight of the night. That's what I thought. I thought it was going to be a good scrap. It was great. Great matchup. Evenly matched skillsets. It could have went either way. Floor was a was millimeters away from finishing that rear naked. Gets reversed. Yanet gets on top, passes the half, locks up that nice crucifix, gets a standing rear naked, throws the hooks. Wow, what a match. &gt;&gt; Yeah, great great great Of the two fights that have been streamed here on FightTips, none of them have made it to the third as expected. Yeah. None of them had made it to the ground. Right, until this moment. &gt;&gt; But great Jiu-Jitsu. The ladies perform, put on a great show as they do. We're going to hand it off to best in the business, Beatrice Calles, for the official results. of round number two. The official time, 3 minutes and 3 seconds of round number two. And your winner by way of submission la ganadora POR SUMISIóN &gt;&gt; [applause] &gt;&gt; YANET GARCIA improves her record to 5 and 0. Uses her Muay Thai. Really comfortable on the cage of La Jaula. Whittled away her opponent, Floor Hernandez, with some elbows, some knees. As we made it to the second round, she escaped a rear naked choke position. Showed her technical prowess not just on the feet, but also with her grappling. And was able to secure the choke for the victory. Yeah, I mean, I think uh I really think it's a testament to Yanet's skill level. I mean, uh that's That's exactly what you do at the black belt level. You stay calm under duress. She didn't freak out uh and make a mistake to try to build too fast. She addressed the choking position. She shifted the hips like I was explaining when you asked and did and reversed the position, countered the armlock properly. She couldn't stack, so she stepped over the base leg, took away the leverage in the hips, passed the half guard right into a crucifix, which you could tell is something that she practices. That was her swift um and then right to the attack. So, it was a great display of great good wrestling, good grappling, and uh staying calm under pressure, which is half of this sport. is not freaking out in those bad positions. It's always really cool and exciting to see someone like J Noriega who gets these really quick knockouts, but then when you see someone [music] like that come back after a position where they were potentially get about to get choked out, really shows, you know, their tenacity and uh and these like you said, the skill level, the experience of being able to stay calm, go through the stages, clearing the leg, fighting the hands, and then reversing the position. And a testament to Yanet's training like we said. Um we know she's in a room with killers on a daily basis. She's getting her back taken. She's having to escape these bad positions. We know that AKA has a recipe to create world champions, so I think she has a bright future and um I love that she's hungry and happy to come out and perform and show out like that and get a spectacular finish. Strong fighting spirit from everybody. That's how guaranteed Mexico versus Mexico is going to be that tough fighting spirit. But that's what Combate Global is all about. There's El Jefe. Maybe we'll take a quick uh shout out to my wife, Michaela, in the chat. She heard me about the defense. No, she's just a very well-trained black belt, but exactly, those are the two options we had. Um any other good questions? Loving the mariachi music. 100%. To Coach John. What was the key factor to Garcia staying calm in her in her defense? 100%, that's part of it. And then also knowing the techniques and have the wherewithal to resolve that situation. Sometimes standing with someone with full back mount is not the ideal situation. Come here, Mayhem. Come here. I'm going to need this back in a second, but say hi to everybody. You know this voice? What? Who's Who's on here? Oh, man. Wow, Shane. This really loud on these headphones and your ears are very, very sweaty. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Wait, who Who's talking on this right now? It's just us. We're just on the stream. Oh, we're on the stream right now. God bless America. Hello, FightTips fans. We are live and in charge here at Combate Global. Yo, estoy Mayhem Miller. We're going to be on break We'll be on camera off the break. Yeah. No, he can be in This is What's up, everybody? I'm back. Kenya Enriques. Listen, she's WBO WBC Just stay here. What's the difference? This is crazy. What's up, everybody? You know this They They can hear you. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; So, listen, we got to recap the fights. Were you watching? See, I was watching every one of those fights. Do I have to do it in Spanish? No, no. You're okay. We had some a great showcase of Muay Thai, good striking, and then as we got to the cage of La Jaula, Yanet really took control of the fight here and started to whittle away Floor Hernandez, who caught this low kick, and it looked like for a moment here, she had Yanet in trouble. She took her back. It was excellent. And then right to the crucifix. Yes, into the crucifix. Into the standing rear naked. So, at the end of the day, we had the two Muay Thai Muay Thai stylists end up in the grappling exchange and the black belt got got the reversal and got the finish. &gt;&gt; Which tends to happen, huh? Tends to happen. Yeah, calm. Yanet Garcia improves her record to 6 and 0. Showcases her jiu-jitsu prowess. Showing not just her offense and the ability to secure the choke, but her technical ability to escape and get out of said choke. And Mayhem, when she switched to the palm up, palm down, I believe I believe you call that the Captain America. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. You know what? It might be a Captain is a gender neutral term. Yeah, she definitely gave her the Captain America choke. But I call it that cuz I heard you say &gt;&gt; Wait, wait, we got to talk about how Jowi Mendez is fighting "The Hitman" Jonathan Padron up next. Let's go, everybody. Hey, man, it's kind of like a fiesta, I think. Man, I cannot believe Combate. Wait, is this the first one in Los Angeles? First event in Los Angeles. We're coming from Miami. We're going to be back. We're going to be back for a bunch of events. 20 events this year. I'm telling you what, man. Los Angeles needs something like this. But to breathe some new life into it. Uh I know, Jonathan Padron versus Jowi Mendez, I I'm not sure I mean is Jowi Mendez if I remember correctly, this guy has some hands. So, so yeah, so Jowi has three fights. He's two and one. Uh Jonathan doesn't have any official professional fights. He comes from a street fighting background. Hey. &gt;&gt; Uh little Kimbo Slice &gt;&gt; Little Kimbo Slice versus the reality star, but The uh uh the underdog, you know what I mean? Sometimes shows up. Jowi better keep his hands up, chin down, and hopefully he packed a lunch. We got tons of people tuned in because Jowi Mendez has a huge following. He was a reality TV show star on Acapulco Shore. That's the Jersey Shore of Mexico. &gt;&gt; Oh my god, is this guy going to be fist pumping in the ring? Hey, I I hope he got gym, tan, and laundry done &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; because he needs to get in there and fight. They call him the Mexican Jake Paul. Oh, yeah? Yeah, how do you feel about that? &gt;&gt; F A Paul. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Never a dull moment. &gt;&gt; I've I've actually I've been impressed with his training. I We've been following his training camp. Took it very seriously. &gt;&gt; He has a reality show in which he has a training camp No, but he has some he has some YouTube YouTube clips of his training. Yeah. You know what? If I was doing that though, I think I would be doing sort of a uh mental gymnastics. I'll go, "Hey, uh this is what I'm doing all the time." And do it dog wrong so the guy thinks he can take advantage of that. THEN POP, POW. HE GOES, "OH, and you remember to tell you you killed my father. I'm not actually a southpaw." And he switches. &gt;&gt; Suddenly southpaw. Well, John John has been a little bit more incognito. We haven't seen much of his training. We haven't seen much of him spar or anything, so we don't really know what to expect from him. Uh How did he look at the weigh-in? He looked fit. Yeah, he looked in good shape. &gt;&gt; yeah. Not that that means everything, but sometimes at the weigh-in you can tell if a guy is a little pudgy, he hasn't been training, he hasn't like got the road work, or he hasn't done all the extra things that it takes to be a champion, you know? Yeah, well You can go to practice every day, but if you got to got to do the extra weights and strength and conditioning, sort of like give your entire life to the sport. Of course. Well, then it's going to show up inside the cage. And that seems to be Jowi's game plan is to drag him into deep waters. So, we're going to see. But we're going down right now with the technical main event, but we still do have another match after this one. We got Estrella TV studios absolutely jam-packed. &gt;&gt; Australia? What a beautiful &gt;&gt; Australia, mate. Australia studios? Estrella Estrella. Not Australia. &gt;&gt; [laughter] [music] &gt;&gt; I'm Jonathan "The Hitman" El Sicario Padron. I'm from the Bronx, New York, Kingsbridge. [music] I've been fighting all my life. I'm here representing Puerto Rico at Combate Global. And the road that I traveled and the journey to make it here, I promise you we're going to get some action in that ring. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; To me, it's not about just trying to like take [music] Jowi out. It's about proving what MMA really is, you know? Grappling, striking, ground game, submissions, knockouts. You know, like there's more to it than just what you see. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Everybody back [music] home knows you. Uh I'm a pure kickboxer by heart. High-flying [music] striker, kicking, flying knees, flying elbows, Superman punches. And that's what you expect from me. It's going to be an exciting, electrifying fight. All right, everybody. Tell the &gt;&gt; tape for your next main event. We got Jonathan Padron at 37, the exact same age as Jowi Mendez, an inch taller, and he's got a 6-in reach advantage. Both these guys are in shape. They took this fight very [music] seriously. We're going to see it all go down. Let's pass it off to Beatrice Calles. Jonathan Padron, "The Hitman" El Sicario. I spent some time. We went up to Manhattan. He's from the Bronx. We went on 97 hot radio station, and I think he earned a lot of fans. He was talking about what he's going to do to Jowi, and he said he's going to catch him off guard. He's like, "I I'm I'm going to take advantage of the fact that you don't have a lot of footage of me. You don't know what to expect." He wants to rush him. He said he wants to take him out early. And uh cash out and go to the strip club, he told me. Yeah, I mean what I How about a nickname for this guy? I feel like this guy could be the Puerto Rican pitbull. Look at him. Looks pretty mean. And it says Padron. That would be three nicknames. He would be El Sicario, Hitman, Puerto Rican pitbull. I like That's great. &gt;&gt; Think of nicknames for this guy. All day. All day. &gt;&gt; Batter bunny? Batter bunny? The badass &gt;&gt; The worst bunny? The worst bunny. Hey, you know, I I felt a little bit of electricity coming off that guy. I'm not going to lie. I know he's underdog, but hey, they have to fight for a reason. He just sprayed some shots into the crowd. His opponent in the red corner, su oponente en la esquina roja, Jowi Mendez. There he is. Jowi Mendez. Still a lot of doubters. Still a lot of haters. But guess what? They're tuned in and they are watching. And he showcases his explosiveness, his karate takedown, sporting the Mexican flag. Well, what I liked a lot about when we talked to Jowi is he took this camp real seriously. He moved out to train with Teemu Oyamada. Great training. He's putting in the conditioning work. His physique looked better this camp, too. Um but I also was surprised with Padron at weigh-ins how big he was. He's very tall, lanky guy. So, we'll see how Yowi can can can deal with that. &gt;&gt; that his reach advantage is going to be instrumental &gt;&gt; Significant. &gt;&gt; to him. Yeah, very very significant. And but then you got Teemu Oyamada. Oyamada is just a legendary coach. I trained with him in 2001. &gt;&gt; Me and Rampage. He has taught so many men how to knock people out. &gt;&gt; Ladies and gentlemen, this is the main event of the evening. Damas y caballeros, este es el evento estelar de esta noche. At a cash weight of 175 lb. Goga TV Chichiyan, Felicia Oh, and Daniel Mobley. &gt;&gt; [screaming] [applause and cheering] &gt;&gt; Presentando en la esquina azul, in the blue corner, wearing blue, vestido de azul, 174.4 lb. His official weight, 174.4 lb. With a pro record of two victories and one defeat. From Orlando, Florida, Jonathan "The Hitman" Padron. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Presentando en la esquina roja, in the red corner, wearing red, vestido de rojo, su peso oficial, 175.4 lb. His official weight, 175.4 lb. With a pro record one victory and one defeat. MEXICO CITY, MEXICO, &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; JOWI MENDEZ. I DON'T THINK THERE'S GOING TO BE MUCH OF A FEELING OUT process in this fight. I think they're going to get right to it. Jowi Mendez jumped through the roof during the introductions. I I cannot believe the athleticism of that guy. He's going to come out with a blitz, too. That's kind of his signature move. He's going to come running at you. Kind of like a V tour. It reminds It reminds me of young Vitor Belfort. Oh, yeah. And here we go. Both fighters take the center of La Jolla. Now, the thing with Jonathan Pedrone is he's so unorthodox. He's already switched his stance. He flicks the left high kick up there. It's hard to get reads and hard to get sparring partners for a guy like this. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Good showmanship from Pedrone after he eats a punch to the face and an inside low kick. No, and his chin way up in the air. It's not going to be a good thing for that overhand that's coming. Got to remember too, this is his pro debut technically in MMA, right? So, this is Yes, sir. And also the the number one way to get kicked in the balls is on an inside low kick. You drop your hips back and get kicked. You put it right where it's kicking. So, Yeah. Yeah, we've seen it. You got a steel cup on, you got nothing to worry about. Uh, just laughing. Too funny. Downey seems to be, you know, being cautious of the range. He's probing with his lead hand trying to throw that right kick. Here comes the Oh, he's got to be careful that chin up. Jonathan Pedrone is game, man. Yeah, I was going to say, I wonder how long his condition is going to last. It's going to be Yeah, it's going to be a short night. Also, when we think about street fights, what are we usually talking about? 20 to 30 second interactions. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Yeah, this is He's He's in seven street fights already. It seems like the low kick's already taken effect, too. Yeah. Attempts to go for the sweep after catching Jowi's kick, but look. John Pedrone did did say that he wants to showcase his grappling. Foot's down from Jowi. Jowi with the Jowi with the right underhook. I think if he changes that head position, ooh, a nice knee. Got to keep moving those feet. See, I wonder how much John has trained and been in deep water cuz it already seems like he's catching his breath, breathing heavy, and he's slowed down tremendously. His legs are stiffening up a little bit, too. Like Mayhem said, there's not as much agility there, not as much pep in that step. We heard some boos from the crowd. I think from Jowi's corner when they announced John Pedrone, who just lands a jab. But, man, [cheering] Jowi comes back with some heavy rights. If Jowi goes all high, sets up a low jab or a low strike to an overhand, I think it could be a wrap. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Just needs to set that overhand right up. Take his time, catch his breath. They're both, you know, on their on their beginning levels of their MMA career. They're both kind of in deep waters now from one round of fighting. Conditioning-wise, we got to really see how they recover. If this fight makes it to the second round, what kind of things are you telling John Pedrone as as his corner man, Peach? What I'm going to tell to John is he needs to throw some more strikes. He needs to stay back to that movement. And if his leg is compromised, he might need to go back to that clinch. Try to get that underhook. Try to slow Jowi down. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; There it is. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Jowi with the spinning backfist. Just misses. John slipped. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Was that a punch that connected or was that another slip? I thought that was a slip. He threw a jump knee, but the left hand behind it. But Jowi If Jowi If Jowi can take Jowi needs to stay composed and throw a nice two-piece right here, could be over. There we go. With He's to follow that up with a hook. Good. Body John up now. He's to A low high right here will finish this fight. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Is he going to make it out of the round? Wow, he survived the first. The crowd is on their feet. Yes, sir. And the crowd is going absolutely crazy. Do we think Pedrone can recover enough in this 1 minute to come out swinging? I think if Jowi stays composed, he could he could put an end to this fight in the second round. Look, this guy's a legend up here with us. That was Al Haymon. That was the boss. That was Combate Global founder. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Or his leg. That was Campbell McLaren. I am struggling to get a word in. You between the bookends. Mayhem and Peach. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; I love it. This is It's great. It's what the people want. Mayhem for a chaotic fight, right? That's what we need. Absolutely mayhem. This is a perfect Look, his leg's compromised. He's still catching his breath. OOH, NICE KNEE. OH, THERE IT IS. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; That [cheering] was kind of like an old bully beat down. There he is. Jowi Mendez [applause] celebrating on top of La Jolla Blanca. And it's like we talked about with Jowi pre-fight. You want to take him to deep waters? It only took two rounds. Yes. He was in the shallow end. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; John Pedrone already back on his feet showing how tough he is. But man, Mayhem, that reminded me of a bully beat down. Yes, sir. I think that's a testament to Jowi, too. He's actually putting in a full fight And to build on what Mayhem said, he has a lot of potential. Maybe maybe even talking about size, like we might be looking at a guy that can move down a weight class if he if he 100%. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. And I think his size and stature as a 155er this is a 175. THIS IS 175, but I said it maybe 55 would be a weight division that he could make some noise. He'd be a big boy. Yes. Yeah. The most impressive part about Jowi is he doesn't have to do this. I mean, he's rich. He's got all the money in the world. He drives nice cars. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; At least he might buy you Yeah, let's go. Mayhem's available. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; I was saying it's just a testament to, you know, him putting forth the effort. He doesn't have to do this, but I think he really it's a personal passion project for him. Just that much more admirable. And if we know anything about John, we know that he's a pretty tough guy. But we got to If he's going to take a lesson from this fight, he's going to have to realize he needs to put more effort into the conditioning, endurance, and putting in a a little bit more of strategic game plan. Um but again, he has potential, too. He's strong. He's a big guy. Very fast. &gt;&gt; Very fast guy, but we just got to He's got to get that conditioning behind that. Shoot it over to Beatrice, I believe. Yeah, both these athletes showed up and showed out. Put on a great great fight. I mean, the crowd is going nuts in here even still. Yeah. Yeah. My ears are ringing. That's cuz you tried his headphones. Headphones were too small for Mayhem. It's cauliflower. It's good. You've done this before. I think uh I think there might be a commercial. Yeah. Can we take a question from No, I know. I'm saying All right, let's hand it off to Beatrice for the official decision. &gt;&gt; [cheering] [applause] &gt;&gt; El tiempo oficial, 33 segundos del round numero dos. The official time Yeah. 33 seconds of round number two. And your winner by technical &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Jauwie Mendez embraces with John Padroan and raises his hand. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Great sportsmanship. That's what you love to see. Puerto Rico versus Mexico. Shoot two super tough warriors. John was showing that he was dangerous. I think the leg kicks were starting to wear on him. His agility started to go. He got a little bit desperate here. And Jauwie's just a little bit more athletic and a little bit better well-conditioned. And when he caught him with that right hand, that was a heavy shot. He's got heavy hands, Peach. Yeah, and I think uh like tactic tactic-wise, he stuck to the game plan. He told us he was going to look to pressure forward um and get in the inside and land some heavy boxing. Uh And for anybody in the chat, people are talking about their experience level. I mean, we got a guy that made his debut, and you got two people a guy that has three pro fights. So you got to look at potential in these guys and a guy that's fight taking a fight career on where it's not something that he has to do. It's something he's trying to do and grow. &gt;&gt; to me is the beginning of his journey. You know, right now, it's very unrefined. You know, what that was was a brawl brawl. I I'm not going to mince words about it. It was sloppy. It was garbage. As a coach, I'm like, "No. No. Do not play this game." Next time, I will hope to see him use this power in a tight technical way in which that he could just immediately end the fight like that. He should have had this fight over with and done with as soon as he figured out that he had the advantage in technical. Oh, next up, Tony Cortez versus Cruz Garcia. I've been waiting for this one. This spins and needles, buddy. You know Tony Cortez, right? Local. Of course. Uh look, man, I I I know every fighter in Los Angeles. Yeah, it seems as though the chat is most excited for Tony Cortez versus Cruz Garcia. Now, listen, everybody. I see Tony being mentioned a lot here, and I'm a big fan of his, too. He scares the hell out of me. They got a little heated at the weigh-ins yesterday, but I'll tell you what. Coach Peach and I got our morning workout today, and we saw Cruz Garcia hitting pads. Yo, he's sharp. He's got some really quick boxing, loose, long, really good southpaw. We can't take away anything away from Tony. He's undefeated as a pro, undefeated as an amateur, four-time state amateur MMA champion. Um so he's definitely a stellar prospect. I think uh we're going to get to really see a challenge here in Cruz Garcia, another five five and oh pro. Uh if we look at their strength of schedule, they both fought guys with a lot of experience. And I think we're going to you know, someone's oh's got to go. The classic saying. Yeah, exactly. We had a tons of really good fights tonight, but this one I think is really going to cap it off. I Again, it's going to follow trend, and I don't think it's going to make it to the third round. And when we got to speak with Tony, he talked about wanting and deserving the first round KO. So we think he's going to come out with pressure. Like we said at weigh-ins yesterday, we were right in their face. Little bit of a language barrier. Uh some words were exchanged. Uh May It might have been a word that we cannot use Yeah, a word that we cannot use on air. &gt;&gt; in the chat, but you're probably going to get But uh also, maybe it was a a finer detail that they didn't understand each other cuz that might have been some some punches thrown at weigh-ins. I thought I thought that was the &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; the fight that that was going to happen. Luckily, Peach was the one in between them. And here we are, the [music] tale of the tape for your final event of the evening, Tony Cortez versus [music] Cruz Garcia. Both 24 years old, 2-in height advantage for Cruz Garcia, but 2-in shorter on the reach. Really excited for this one. This is going to be a great finish to the night, coach. &gt;&gt; we got to see Cruz warm up as as well this morning. He looked sharp. Tony Cortez makes his way to la jaula, takes it in. This moment is his. He knows his undefeated record is on the line. He said he's going to come out fast. He's going to start feints, and he's going to look to get that first round explosive finish. And uh piggyback on what coach Shane said, he's got a little bit of those crazy eyes going on when you talk to him. He's very intense guy. And has an immense amount of potential being undefeated. Cruz Garcia, the southpaw with some excellent boxing. When I asked him, I had to do a Google Translate, and I said, "How are you going to beat Tony?" And he jumped up out of his seat. &gt;&gt; Yep. And he said, "Tony can't box." He said he brawls, and he started swinging his arms. He said, "I'm going to outbox him. I'm going to pick him apart." And he's hyped up. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; As he makes his way to la jaula. And we kind of have a Tony as a more diverse striking skill set where he's has not a wide array of strikes, kickboxing knowledge. So you kind of have a kickboxer versus boxer in this fight. Somebody's oh's got to go. Who is going to win this fight, guys? I am flying right now. I cannot believe this is happening. I've been waiting for this all week. I was in New York hoping I could get back to Los Angeles. I fought a blizzard to be here, bro. I'm telling you. I fought back Carteret, New Jersey's sleet and snow. It hit me in the face. Newark Airport, thanks for having me. We're going to hand it off to Beatrice Callous. division. Our judges are Gogo Chibichiyan, Jonathan Romero, and Giovanni Borella. &gt;&gt; [cheering] [applause] &gt;&gt; He enters la jaula undefeated as a pro with five victories. From Corona, California, TONY THE TIGER CORTEZ. His official weight, 155.2 lb. as a pro with five victories. From Leon, Guanajuato, Mexico, CRUZ THE DESTROYER GARCIA. THE REFEREE, JASON HERZOG. THANK YOU, Beatrice Callous, the only female announcer, bilingual, fluent in English and Spanish. I would much rather watch her than Bruce Buffer. Hey, hey. Not me, if you know what I mean. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Yeah, we got to see Cruz this morning in his shakeout. He looked fast. He was doing a lot of high-paced boxing combinations. And he seems to think that the boxing will set him apart in this fight against Tony. And he comes out putting the aggression on Tony. Tony opens up with the left kick. That just misses. Tony Cruz in a more bladed stance, opening up with a front lead sidekick. From orthodox, but we saw him in Yeah, he saw him boxing. &gt;&gt; boxing, yeah. &gt;&gt; So, I think he might be pulling out the Princess Bride strategy. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. Tony nearly throws him out of La Jaula. &gt;&gt; Excellent balance. He needs to cover the head now in the single. Tony's going to switch to that double against the cage. Cruz is doing the right thing. He needs to try to cover his head, get that right underhook back. He's got to be careful with that knee shield, though, cuz it's easy to get swept there to the right. One of the things I learned from you, Peach, is that head positioning. You say, "Look through the neck like it's a pane of glass." And Tony seems to be doing that perfectly, yeah, which makes Cruz tall. Tony keeping good head position and pressure. Ooh, with the spinning elbow, and Cruz wears it well. Cruz looks like he's winding up for a spin as well. Maybe maybe they're going to go spin for spin, but stick to those fundamentals, get the jab going. Little bit of showmanship. Both guys exchange the inside low kick. Jason Herzog, referee, asks if they need a break. He said, "No way. Let's go. We got work to do." Again, this is the third open stance fight tonight, southpaw versus orthodox. So, sometimes people's strategy, you don't have as many southpaws to train with. Got to have a little bit of feeling out process. So, I think Tony's trying to find his bearings, see how he's going to counter, and also with this stance switches. Well, I mean, I think he's doing a great job. He's been kind of setting the tone for the entire fight. Yeah, I feel like Tony's just feeling him out, kind of seeing what he's what he's coming with to the to the fight. Going to look to set up his entries. That's true. I do feel like Cruz is using a little bit more energy than Tony is. This could be part of Tony's strategy. Well, you know, he fought off that takedown attempt, and and it sort of wore him out a little bit. You you could tell his arm he's a bit arm weary already. I mean, those takedowns up against the wall are not easy. I mean, he put a lot of energy into that, but all for naught. Comes him back here in a kickboxing match. You're right. And every punch, every kick that he throws, he throws at 100%. Not always landing, but that's what takes a lot out of you. Cruz has a little bit of a lower guard than I like, but he kind of has that in and out style where he's he's blitzing in and out with his feet. &gt;&gt; No, I'm going to tell you, here at I'm having to coach guys out of that all the time. Everybody likes to keep their hands low because it makes you a bit more mobile. All right, sort of like A SOCCER DRILL, YOU KNOW, they have their hands low. They think they can You can actually develop off the takedown attempt again. I'm saying you can actually develop a lot more striking if your hands are a little higher because you can you can score off of Yeah, it's quicker returns. Yeah. Nice returns. So, oh, a nice uppercut lands. Something Coach Shane and I always tell our guys is at range and at far distance, the hands lower and wider is fine, but when we get closer to proximity to the pocket, you got to have a higher guard, right? I mean, that's just Well, what I tell my guys is "Manos arriba which means hands up all the days." &gt;&gt; All all the days, baby. 365. Cruz is doing a great job of keeping Tony on his back foot now. He's kind of leading the dance. Tony with a nice entry. IT'S STILL A AN AWKWARD STYLE, I HAVE TO TELL YOU. You know, like you said, bladed stance, kind of a long stance versus kind of this short like you know, boxing, right? It's a boxing versus kickboxing match we're watching right now play out in real time. And they've kind of a Oh, the fans are going wild for him. But, they've hit kind of a impasse right now where both guys have they don't understand how to get through each other's weapons, so we're we're at a stalemate, sort of. Tony's initiating with a nice faint, but then he's not capitalizing on the faint. So, we got He needs to go off those freezes. Uh instead, he seems to be waiting a slightly, and Cruz has countered a couple times with a nice lead left hook. I think Mayhem may have called it. You're right. I think he gassed his arms out a little bit on that takedown attempt. &gt;&gt; because I was expert at wall wrestling during my time in the cage. And yeah, it takes a lot of effort, and you have TO BE IN REALLY GOOD SHAPE. IF THE GUY IS very strong and rips your arms back off of him, it's very disheartening. It's like, "Oh." So, now he has to go reset his whole game plan, and hopefully he'll go back to the seat and I think about this for the next 60 seconds and figure out a new way. And this 1-minute break between rounds is going to let him catch his bearings. Excellent first round. &gt;&gt; [applause] &gt;&gt; Hey, Peach, now what do you advise him, Tony, to do if you're in his corner? I mean, I really think Tony needs to capitalize off the faints and go with two stages of striking. Probe, faint, and then go with an entry, and then maybe on the clinch, don't force the single leg exchange. Maybe get to his underhooks. They do some do some work in the in the upper body, and then go low to the hips. Well, the reason I asked that is cuz it looks to me like he wants to wrestle, actually. Like he wants to get a takedown. I I would I would advise him, "Hey, man, try the high crotch instead. Do a single leg Hey, outside to a double leg. You have to chain wrestle. If you just get him against the cage and hold him, you're going to wear your arms out. But, if you switch to a high crotch and you switch to a double leg, there's a chance for you to make a scramble and get him down to the floor." Or use that single leg pressure to come back up striking as well, back to the legs. Both conditioning looks good. I mean, Cruz is coming out looking fresh. He's like bouncing on the stool. He was off the stool early. I think we're going to see more hands from Cruz this round. He he You know, you're a kickboxing expert. What what do you think about his kickboxing so far? He hasn't really landed any major shots, but what what would you say that Cruz should do? I like that Cruz is mixing it up. I think he's going to continue to layer the faints and go high-low off the kicks. It seems to be that he's throwing and landing the kicks first, and it's kind of reminding Tony that he can kick, too. But, just as I say that, Tony lands two kicks. There's that stomp to the knee, the contra Stomp? I don't even know that was a knee. The controversial oblique kick. Some people call it an oblique kick. Why do they call it an oblique kick? Cuz Joe Rogan said it. Joe just biffed that one. He thought your oblique was in your inner thigh, didn't he? We we we just &gt;&gt; [laughter] [cheering] &gt;&gt; Double left straight. &gt;&gt; And double left straight. At least Tony's entering with combinations now. He's getting He's getting Cruz on his back foot. &gt;&gt; And that open stance, that double rear side, whether you're the orthodox That one right there. That one lands all day. Yeah, he's finally taking advantage of his southpaw nature. Yeah, Tony seems to be picking up a gear here. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Feeling himself a little bit more. His hand's a little bit low. Got to be &gt;&gt; on the head movement. Ooh, but he eats a knee. Good body lock. Good defense. Good, he's back inside with his frame. And like Mayhem said earlier, it's that exhausting exchange to get that body lock and get pushed away right back to striking range and have to do it again. Exhausting and disheartening. It's like, "Oh, he put so much effort in that Good left hook. Cruz with a nice 3-2. The hook connected nice on Tony's entry. Tony right now seems willing to engage in the pocket, which sometimes can be a flip of the coin. And this is kind of what Cruz was telling us he wanted. He wanted these boxing exchanges. He wanted to sprawl and brawl. He expected Tony to go for the takedown. Combinations are going to get him closer TO THE TARGET. TONY HAD SUCCESS with that spinning elbow in the first round. Just flashed it right there. But, wasn't able to find a home. Cruz is impressive, though. He's very confident in both stances. You typically range management and defense will struggle when you switch stances a lot, but he seems to be I mean, we watched him hit 10 minutes of pads today in the in the warm-up room from a southpaw stance. But, he runs [cheering] into a spinning elbow. &gt;&gt; Runs into that. Definitely rocked. Oh, another elbow. Beautiful. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Elbow He can't get He can't get elbow crazy. Yeah, you know, I'm very impressed with this fight thus far. It's It's just happening in &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Cruz Garcia showing some blood from the mouth after that elbow as he attacks the body. Here comes Tony, Terminator style, moving forward, controlling the lead hand, looking for that elbow. &gt;&gt; Shipping the left elbow. There's another one. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; This is awesome. Got to love a GOOD ELBOW. YEAH, OH, NICE HOOK. I I think he's out on his Yeah. Cruz is in Cruz is hurting right now. Tony's got him on Holy moly, what a fight. What a fight. What a finish. Yeah, that's a good stoppage. His orbital looks messed up, too. His eye got cut from that elbow. Yeah, Cruz is arguing the stoppage. What a way Hey, what a way for Tony to solve that puzzle, man. That was great. That was a great fight. now. That was amazing. Showed guts, like heart, determination, all of those cliches in one Spanish speaker package. Showed that he's a complete MMA fighter. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Let's see the replay here. It was that right hook and then that left. Yep. That really staggered. &gt;&gt; And then he went to body lock him and didn't realize he was out. Another left. Nice. Yeah. I mean, he didn't send a fighter to the shadow zone, but definitely a place out of sepia tone. Which is good. Sepia? Is that what I've never said it out loud, either. See, it's only a filter that he uses. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; That's good, though. I like that. It's all about fighter safety. Live to fight another day. What does the chat think? We got a lot of Tony fans in the chat. Way to get it done. He stays undefeated, undefeated as a pro, six and 0, undefeated as an amateur. What do you guys think of the show? Who would you like to see? &gt;&gt; event right there. That was fantastic, man. They delivered. I'm so happy that I got to be here live for that because I think that's a instrumental part of both men's careers. And I think these guys have a future ahead of this. And to be here live to see it in Los Angeles, Burbank for the first time, amazing. Thank you guys for having me on the That's the legend the legend himself, Jason Mayhem Miller. Thank you, sir. All right, handing off to Beatrice Gallus. Ladies and gentlemen, it is time for the judges score cards. The official time, 3 minutes and 11 seconds of round number two. And your winner for technical knockout TONY &gt;&gt; [screaming] [cheering] [applause] &gt;&gt; THAT MAN COULD EASILY BECOME THE face of Combate Global. Power in both hands, super technical. Also, he's the Beyonce and Britney right there. Also, a lot of heart. I mean, he was he was tired there, too, but he pushed it. He he got the KO, fell back on his back, and was exhausted for 30 seconds, but that's that's a testament to a true fighter, someone who's going to push the pace. Championship mindset, comes from that wrestling background, state champion. Um wrestling really teaches that unbreakable spirit, and that's what's such a great foundation for mixed martial arts. And obviously, durable, he has power in his hands. Um and his record shows it, man. Undefeated as an amateur, six and 0 as a pro. Like you said. Kenia Enriquez, WBO champion. She fights March 12th. Do not miss it. We're going to be right back here on Fight Tips. WBC, WMO world champ. But she's going up against a black belt in jiu-jitsu, so it's going to be that typical striker boxer versus grappler. Excellent night. [music] Thank you guys so much for tuning in. Yo, chat, I want to hear who would you like to see in Combate Global? The absolute best [music] MMA organization. We're doing things different. Coach Peach, it was an honor to call the fight. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Thanks for thanks for having me. Can't wait to do it again. Great night of fights. It's only we're only getting started, baby. What's your name? Curtis. Curtis, right? See me a lot. Let me call you Yes, definitely. I'll be sending you messages. I'll send