Kind: captions Language: en Can we please stop saying that violence doesn't solve anything? Because in school they teach us that every turning point in history, society, religion is based around some violent situation. So clearly it solves some things. And so I want to share a story with you about a time way back when when I stood up for someone, got my ass kicked, but still walked away with more than I had when I went into it. Maybe not more blood and brain cells, but still worth it in the end. But I got to warn you before I share the story because this may challenge your personal beliefs and you may start to recognize that people are taking advantage of your kindness and just the fact that you're a good person. And if you're not, then you can get out of here right now because this video isn't for you. All right. I don't know how many of you have been in a legitimate street fight, but I'm going to share a story with you. One that was embarrassing for a very long time up until someone commented and said, "Shane, you should take a trip down memory lane. you should go to the old locations of all the street fights that you've been in and you should reminisce. You should tell some stories about it. And it forced me to go back to where fight tips kind of started and self-reflect. And it was a tough one up until I really started to flesh out this video and I realized that I'm embarrassed that I was embarrassed. One of the first times I had like a serious fist fight when I was like older. This dude sipping on back here. Look at this. What's he got? This is just cannon. And were those sprites or were those like rolling rocks? Couple of fights have happened here. My fight story one. You remember the my fight stories? My fight story one happened right here on this basketball court. &gt;&gt; A group of my friends in a fight with another group of guys over something stupid over um someone asked to pass the basketball back and they refused to. And then words were exchanged and then uh beer bottles were broken over people's heads and knife was pulled out. Also just noticed that I'm being watched. They got cameras up there now, which is good. I mean, we're probably a huge reason why there's cameras here. So anyway, yeah, let's uh let's see if we can give Ant a call. Let's see if he answers. &gt;&gt; Get the hell out of here. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you look at this. ass and joy of life. &gt;&gt; My god, I came up here. There was one person here. Uh he was sitting with a cooler. The guy was probably 65 years old just drinking beers out of his cooler, sitting in the field. &gt;&gt; That's how I want to retire, you know. &gt;&gt; So, so I wanted I wanted to put you on the spot. Do you remember the story? I'm standing like right where it happened. Do you remember when I came walking from uh the Stones, but I had to fist fight a dude here? &gt;&gt; What? You don't &gt;&gt; Was it the bake roll where Kevin with the trash can? &gt;&gt; So, here's how it goes. I'm out with my friends and it's getting late, but I have a a very strict curfew because my dad works night shift and I had to be home in time so that I could watch my younger brother. So, I would wait until the very last minute knowing that if I sprinted as fast as I could home, I would I would get there in time. Well, I'm running home and I'm cutting through the playground and I see this big group of people and then a smaller group uh of skateboarders and the big group is screaming and the one dude's going, "Who's Mike Gelante? Where's Mike Gelante at?" And I see who he's talking about. He's saying his last name incorrect, but I I see who he's talking about and he's scared out of his mind. And I know Mike and I like Mike. He's not a fighter at all, but he's being quiet. And I remember thinking like, should I stick up for him? But but like this is probably all just going to blow over if Mike just keeps his mouth shut. So I'm like, "All right, I'm I'm wary. I'm walking. I'm passing by." And then the guy goes, "What about Joe Deaggio, &gt;&gt; dude?" Yeah, I was there. You're like, "You're I thought it was Jojo for some reason." You're like, "You're you're not you're not hitting Jojo." What was his name? &gt;&gt; That's what it was. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Joe is a close friend of mine. He was one of my best friends younger brother. And without hesitation, I just go, "Yo, nobody's messing with Joe." And the whole group turns and looks at me and the guy goes, "Who are you?" And I go, "Doesn't matter. If you want to fight Joe, you got to get through me." And he goes, "Put your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hands up then we're fighting." &gt;&gt; And you're like, "You're you're you're not you're not hitting him." And then there was like a wheel kick or something. Like a wheel kick. He was like, &gt;&gt; and then you guys fell on the step. I remember &gt;&gt; fell on these steps. We found these steps right here. &gt;&gt; Yep. And in that moment, I remember thinking like, "Okay, I have been training for a street fight, but like I haven't been in a legitimate one." And this is before I I compete. This is before I've actually joined an MMA gym and before I had any legitimate training. So, in my mind, I go, "Okay, I've been shadow boxing in my backyard. I've been wrestling with my friends. I have a black belt in taekwond do. Let's go with that." So, as the dude runs up at me, I just throw the hardest roundhouse kick in my life and I miss. I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] miss and I fall to the floor and he rushes me. And as he does, I managed to like rewrestle and shoot a double leg and just tackle him into these stairs. Ended up right here on the stairs. Then then I remember by the end of it, we were we were halfway down the the court. Now the dude's super big. He's super strong. So before I can even like land a punch on him, he he gets me to the ground. I'm on my back and I remember just trying to like throw up arm bar after arm bar while he's clobbering. He's just hammer fishing, throwing these bombs. And I don't remember how long you never remember how long a fight lasts, but I just remember getting halfway up the court by the time it ended. I remember like he hit me with a big shot and I I fetal position. I cower up and he's just dropping bombs on me. He's hitting me in the side of the head. My head's bouncing off the ground and his friends were merciful enough to break it up and and pull his friend off of me. And in that moment, you know what happens? I spring back up to my feet instantly and I go, "Yo, the message still stands. Don't mess with my friends. if we got to do it again, let's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do it again. And you know what he does? He goes, "Yo, you're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] crazy." And he sticks his hand out and shakes my hand. And because I remember thinking like, I don't want to fight anymore. I didn't I didn't want to fight anymore. But I remember thinking, "Neither does he." Even though he whooped my ass, I know because of like that adrenaline rush that you get. If you've ever done a tournament, a fight tournament before, you know the feeling of uh you got a fight lined up. You're like, you're the eighth fight and you go, "Okay, cool. Sixth fight, seventh fight. I'm on deck. You're ready to go. And then the promoter comes up and goes, "Hey, your fight got pushed back. It's not until tomorrow now." And you're like, "Oh, are you serious? I was so ready for that." And they're like, "Yeah, sorry about that." And you're like, "All right, cool." And you take all your stuff off and they didn't come over and they go, "Actually, you know, we're going to fit you in. You're next." And then you're like, "What? I got to like rehype myself back up." Like the last thing you want to do is fight again. Everybody experiences that. Everybody. Even if you won the fight, you don't want to have to fight again. That adrenaline dump is a very real thing. But luckily, uh, he didn't want to fight again, so I didn't get my ass beat twice. Looking back, did I really lose that fight? I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] lost. I lost the fight. But, uh, I'm proud of myself that I did it with dignity. And I think what really inspired me, you remember the scene in Fight Club where, uh, they're in the basement fighting and and the guy who owns the building comes in and Tyler Deran's like, "Can we stay here?" And the guy's like, "No." And then he starts beating him up. Now, even though Tyler probably could have fought back and won that fight, just to prove a point that it's like, "You can't intimidate me. You can't scare me no matter what. You can beat me to a bloody pulp, but I'm still just going to be standing here right in front of you. You know, I'm proud of 14-year-old Shane for standing up for what he believed in and fighting for what was right. Doesn't matter that I that I lost that fight. And I think that was like the true origin stories of how Fight Tips began. You know, Aunt Aunt was there. Aunt was one of the skateboarders, but this was before we got together and started filming Fight Tips videos. That's like I've known Aunt since we were like 5 years old cuz he grew up around the corner from me. But I think that's how we like really bonded over the fact where it's like, man, we need to like start training for real. Um, and we need to share this message with other people. But having the strong moral backbone of saying, I know what I'm going to fight for. I know why I'm going to fight. I fight for my friends. I fight for good. I fight because I hate bullies. All forms of bullies. You know, like again, I'm I'm just really proud of the younger version of myself because that's why I became who I became. That's why I've got this. That's why I'm a fight coach now because I lost that fight. Because I lost that fight with dignity. Because I stood up for what was right. I want you to share this video who you think this message will resonate with. I want you to subscribe. I want you to turn on the alerts because we're going to be going back to the roots. We just filmed a video with a he just got we went out to uh California where he got married. We filmed a whole video. We filmed a couple of videos on there. A whole program, a system that I've been working on. You know, there's still going to be the combat sports element, the Muay Thai, the MMA, but ultimately it's it's about fighting. Fighting for what's good, fighting as a good person. And so, that's why I don't like that expression, violence doesn't solve anything. Because to me, that sounds like what the guy robbing a bank wielding an assault rifle might say. Don't be a hero. Violence doesn't solve anything. Of course, he doesn't want the good people to get violent and stop him from robbing the bank and getting more than everybody else because he's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] lazy, right? And and so what I'm saying is you need to stand up and be brave in scenarios when you're scared. Right? When I did that that night, it helped create this great friendship that I have with a just got married last week and I was the best man in his wedding. I don't know if that ever would have happened if I wasn't brave that night and stood up to that guy that was challenging his friends, right? And I got my ass kicked. Was it worth it? I think so. Would I do it again? Like I said, unless I'm incapacitated or dead on the floor, I'm always going to get back up and keep fighting for what I believe in. I encourage you to do the same thing. When you are scared in situations, how do you act? Do you hide? Do you cower? Do you do what you always do? Do you stay within your comfort zone? I'm scared every [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] day. The difference is, I believe, is that I choose to act. I choose to do what's uncomfortable. Especially, I choose to help others that don't have as much as me. I challenge you to do the same.