Kind: captions Language: en So, I just promoted three white belts last month at the Magnus Summit. So, in this program, it goes like this. You got white belt, beige belt, and gray belt. White signifies that you understand the hybrid kickboxing system. Beige proves that you're able to perform the techniques under stress properly, like during hard spars. And then gray signifies that you're able to teach the information to others with clarity. Because this system isn't just about building fighters, it's about building leaders. We're looking to turn students into coaches and fighters into mentors. So, how did Bobby from Alabama or Billy from South Dakota or Robin from Baltimore get into this position? They signed up for Magnus and then they took the hybrid kickboxing curriculum multiple times. And then they put their months and years of dedicated training to the test by flying out to Beacon MMA where we put them through the ringer. You stand still, I'm going to kick you in the body. Let's go. Keep moving. We had them do hard sparring and clinching and conditioning drills and they prove that not only are they physically capable, but they have promised to become some of the best gray belts out there and continue this lineage and teach it to other people because we're looking for people who embody that martial arts ethos. They know this is a great skill, a great responsibility, and they choose to use it for good. They want other people to become the best versions of themselves, and that's ultimately what we're looking for. So, if this sounds like something of interest to you and you want to follow a similar path and a career which frankly is not threatened by AI at all, why not become a martial arts coach? This is where the system starts. So, sign up by this Sunday because July 6th is when registration closes. July 7th is when classes start. And if you want to get a sneak peek, join us on July 5th at 8:00 a.m. Eastern time for a free live sidekick master class. See you there. Magnus on me, Magnus on three. You ready? 1 2 3 Madness. Let's go.