Kind: captions Language: en I've got a comic book series coming out. This isn't it. This is Magnus. It's a 1991-1992 series that I used to read as a kid. My older brother had it. Um, it's also the inspiration for our app, Magnus. Also, uh, Terminator. Let me tell you a little bit about it. I know a lot of you have heard that I'm deleting my Instagram. Some people think it's, uh, publicity stunt. It is. I'm still deleting it, but I do want a bunch of people to follow suit because it's a form of protest against like big tech companies. And that's like a big inspiration for the series that I have coming out called Old Head. It's inspired by true events. It follows this group of kids that are getting bullied by the wrestlers at high school. They go off and start training martial arts on their own in secret to be able to fight back. In the meantime, this kid gets murdered on the church steps and kind of gets swept under the rug. When they start digging into it, they unveil this big conspiracy about this big tech company that just moved in. They're kind of creating like these this techno I don't want to give too much away. They're creating this technology and they want to fight back against it. Well, let me say this. It is for mature audiences. Although, I did watch Robocop when I was like 5 years old. Opening scene. Peter Weller, you know what I'm talking about. Uh, anyway, uh, crazy street fight scenes, martial arts instructionals. There's heartbreak and romance and murder and mystery. And it's launching in about a week. Uh, April 10th is when the Kickstarter launches and I am doing a crowdsourcing campaign for it because I'm about $8,000 out of pocket on this so far because we've promised not to use any AI. Not from the story writing to the illustrations. So, I've been paying the illustrator, the letterer, getting these printed. Um, so I'm trying to recoup costs and also want to turn this into a full series. I have the first series all written out, but I need the funds in order to make that happen. I see this being the same type of series that inspired us like Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and Dragon Ball that'll really inspire people to take up martial arts and hopefully spend less time on their phones and on Instagram and all that So, if you could help out, that would be super cool. We have some awesome perks that we're offering too. Stickers, alternative prints, backstories, and and other stuff like that. And you can also contribute to the story itself and help us write in some characters and storyline. There's also a really cool element in there about lucid dreaming too. So, the one character has these debilitating nightmares and he can't physically fight back in real life until he faces the monsters in his dreams. So, we're going to teach you guys like how to actually become really good at lucid dreaming through this comic book. He's going to have this really cool arc fighting back and becoming, you know, one of the strongest fighters in the world. So, Old Head, April 10th is dropping. If you can support, I really appreciate it if you set a reminder and checked out our Kickstarter