Kind: captions Language: en I wish I had this drill when I first started boxing cuz I was the guy that would try to get into range and then throw and I was getting cracked on my way in or even worse I was throwing the punches and then stepping my feet. Now this drill right here will make you realize that boxing footwork is simple. It ain't easy but it's simple and anybody can do this drill. So we're going to break it down into six steps and by the end of this video everybody watching will be able to do it and then even if you are a seasoned fighter this is going to be a great drill to just sharpen the sword. Work on your balance and synchronizing your hands and your feet and help you identify ranges and covering and creating distance. If you like the structure of just following along step one through six I think you're going to love my new comic book. It's available for pre-order now. We just launched our Kickstarter campaign and within the first day we raised 1/3 of our total goal. But listen I wrote this story inspired by my childhood growing up using martial arts as a way to stay on the straight and narrow but on the back page of every comic I'm going to have exclusive fight tips broken down step by step different work that you can follow along to. So if fight tips has ever helped you in any way I would appreciate the support and making this comic come to life. It's all or nothing so if we don't reach 100% everyone gets refunded but I'm very proud of this very nervous for the release. If you like comic books if you like action if you like Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles if you like Dragon Ball if you like animes click the link check out the Kickstarter and please support. Thank you everybody. So let's get right into it. We're going to start with a probe jab. See how my foot is on this line right here? I'm just going to step it forward and back just a couple of inches and 4 5 inches. This foot gets anchored into the floor so drill it into the ground don't move that one. Keep some weight in the back leg as we do this and I want you to explore how much weight am I putting into the front leg? If I go 99% it's going to take a long time for me to get back. If I keep 99 back here and I just touch no power but I stay behind my shields I stay in my bunker. This is the probe jab this is step one let's go to step two which is the opposite. We're going to take the screws out put the screws in here and we're going to go backwards with a retreating jab as we pump the lead arm. Same thing just a couple of inches I keep this as my anchor I get further away. Notice my head gets away and I offer a threat. We're going to go right into step three now where I'm going to throw the cross and the pivot happens midair. Notice how I land with my knee down my heel up pressure in the ball of my foot. So I went from step two boom to step three. People often talk about like squishing the bug or putting out the cigarette but this doesn't do anything to my hip. Right? So I want you to think about boom knee down coming back to my original position with my heel up fully rotating my shoulders and extending my arm. That's step three which is just standing your ground on a cross. Now we go to step four which is going to be an advancing one two. Again hands and feet are in sync when we do this. So when my foot hits the ground hand hits the target. Foot hits the ground hand hits the target again knee down heel up weight in the back leg especially on the cross we're naturally going to shift the weight to the left but I want you to develop the weight in the back leg. Right? The motor's in the back of the boat. So think about you're sitting on a stool boom right here. Now we're going to go to a back pedal one two. People hate this one. I'm going to argue for the rest of my life that they are overlooking one of the most important aspects and that's fighting going backwards. So I'm going to step my lead foot backwards as I throw the jab and then same distance with my cross. So watch here's a visual if my back foot is on this tape I'm going to step on the tape with my left foot and then back with my right foot. It doesn't have to be that distance it could be half of that to move back a little bit but if they're coming in hot then I got to step to create distance and still offer a threat. The reason why people hate this one is they go why would you ever stand square? And I go I don't know ask all the linebackers ask all the sumo wrestlers why do they stand square? Because it's a strong stance. As long as I'm not stiff legged and on my heels this is no man's land. Right? But if I keep my knees bent weight in the balls of my feet and I throw an uppercut or I dig an underhook or I pump a jab this is an excellent strong sturdy stance that offers a threat while retreating backwards the jab cross. Now from here we're just going to do a switch jab. Some people call this a diamond step right where I go here. This puts me in the southpaw. Now I can practice the same drill in southpaw and I'm going to pause right here to just say there are different schools of thought. Some people think that you should get really good in one stance and master that and then start to practice the other. I started in Taekwondo where we did line drills orthodox to southpaw to orthodox back and forth and I felt that that really helped me understand balance and concepts over just doing certain techniques because let's say in a chaotic moment of a fight someone pushes you into southpaw I don't want to go hold on one second let me switch back. I want to be able to work from here because I've done these drills so that I can easily switch back and forth and be that dangerous fighter. And listen challenge this tell me I'm wrong. As long as you're keeping the weight in the balls of your feet your knees are bent your heels can be on the ground you're just not flat footed. Take any two of these in any order. Go down the list. Let's go one three. So if I go probe jab now I go right to my cross. They run into a cross. Let's go one four. Probe jab one two. So instigate with the jab they return I ride the wave and I come in with the one two. I call that the Rashidi Ellis. It's one of my favorites right there. One five. I get in he comes in hot and he runs into my one two as I back pedal. One six. One six. I cut my angle on that diamond step. Now I'm in southpaw. You could do any two or three or four and just mix it up. So write these down memorize these and then start to play with them and again just go through the checklist. Is my chin tucked? Is my opposite hand up? Is the weight in the ball of my foot? Am I keeping enough weight in my back leg or am I leaning forward? This is the trick. This is the drill that I wish I had when I first started training. So obsess over this one get really good at this but all we're going here is going linear. We're only going forward and back. We haven't cut any angles we haven't gone side to side. So if you like this structure and you want more of it you know this is lesson one. This is what you learn on day one in my kickboxing system IKS. We have white to black belt rank with kids to adults class structured down to the very minute of what you teach how to teach it how to deal with kids and then the curriculum itself. So if you're interested in learning more about IKS click the link down below and you can schedule a call with me. In person training and certification starts next month May 15th through the 17th in Cherry Hill New Jersey at Beacon MMA brought to you by our sponsor Watify. This is going to be run during our annual Magnus Summit. So if you want to come out just for that that's $600 for the weekend. Otherwise if you're a martial arts school owner or aspiring to be one then talk to me about becoming an IKS affiliate and we'll see you next month.