Kind: captions Language: en How do people make a living in the mixed martial arts industry if even at the highest level controversially low fighters pay leave athletes struggling to make ends meet? In this video, we're going to talk about ways that you can make money whether you're a fighter, an influencer, a coach, a gym owner, and then also what the pathway is to become those things. Because unlike the illusion that many of us were led to believe, you ain't going to make a living fighting and you most certainly won't make any money coaching fighters. And if you're passionate about becoming a world champion or coaching a world champ, cool. But that ain't going to be what directly pays the bills. Let's talk about it. I love and hate this trend. Have you seen this one? &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; I love it because you know how I feel about AI. But what I hate about this trend is it does contribute to the idea that pad holding is synonymous with coaching. It's not. It's not the same thing. And that struck a chord. I'm trying to help you make more money, right? Because if you're just a pad holder, what do you do when there's three people in the room? Do you the other two just sit and wait for you to finish up? It shouldn't be that way. You should be able to run structured classes so that your clients are having fun, so that they're learning, so that they're sweating, and so that they're constantly being challenged. Yes, everybody loves pad holding, but let me tell you when I was a a fighter out of Jack Costello's boxing gym, we had to work our way up to the pads. We had to come in consistently and do three rounds of jump rope, three rounds of shadow, three rounds of heavy bag, and by then we were 45 minutes into the workout. The gym closes in 15 minutes. All right, so you were lucky if one of the four volunteer coaches grabbed you and held pads for you for a couple of rounds. Now, this was way back when. This was, you know, 15 years ago. Now they run classes, especially for the youth, but for the adults it was hard, right, to become that fighter. And I know everyone's dream who who coaches or even who fights is to make it to the top, make a career out of fighting, but how likely is that? We're going to talk about that in this video. I want to talk about more realistic ways of making money. And I also want to talk about the pathway of how someone BECOMES A COACH. SO, YOU MAY BE A MARTIAL ARTIST. YOU MAY EVEN have competed and have a couple fights under your belt. What does it take to actually become a coach, a gym owner, and opening up your own martial arts academy? This video is brought to you by Wodify. This is the CRM platform that we use at Beacon MMA. Like I said, I'm a student and I'm a coach there. So, I get to use both ends. When I log in, I can see what's going to be taught in Jiu Jitsu that day. If I need a refresher, I can go back to the previous week and watch previous lessons. And as a coach, I love it because I know ahead of time how many people are coming in the class, so I know how to structure my class. I can put a face to everybody's name, so I know everybody that's in class. Because what's everyone's favorite word? Their name. Wodify is our main sponsor that's going to be running our second annual Magnus Summit in Cherry Hill, New Jersey at Beacon MMA. Come by if you want to learn systems from strength and conditioning to running fight team, to social media content creation and marketing, to Muay Thai judging and scoring criteria, as well as business operations like closing tactics, how to run kids programs, diversify your offerings, and so much more. Tickets are now available May 15th through the 17th. Okay, so the first way you can start making money in the world of martial arts is in fact personal training. It's a low barrier of entry to do these one-on-one sessions. It's getting nice out. You can go out and do it at a park. So, it could be pad holding. People love hitting pads, right? The only downside to this is when they love it so much and then you start picking up other clients through word of mouth or through advertising, which we're going to talk about in a minute, it's going to be hard for you to work with two people, three people, four people. So, instead of just being a human heavy bag and getting beat up for a living, I want you to diversify your offerings and think about it in a way where we can do it out at a park, right? Just need a place to stand to do things like shadow boxing, partner drills, running, sprint drills, yoga, calisthenics. And then if you do have certain weights, kettlebells, or access to free weights, then you can offer that as well. But when it comes to pad holding, yes, people do love it. They get addicted to it. But what happens when your first client recommends someone else and now you have two clients? And then your first client gets upset because they feel like you're spending less time with them and now with these other people. So, instead, you want to do it from the start where just like at Jack Costello's, you have to work your way up to the pads. And then eventually, maybe you don't even have to hold pads at all because you've got structured classes with these small group training and now you can start making a lot more money from these classes by doing partner drills and heavy bag stuff if you start to get access to a gym. So, let's talk about that next. Okay, before we talk about class structure, I want to talk about the pathway of how does someone become a coach? How does someone open up their own academy? What I'm going to tell you is this. I'm a coach, but I'm also a student. I still go to classes 3 days a week. I've never stopped being a student. I've never stopped training and growing and learning, but I am a coach and I and and I identify as a coach and I have for a long time. The number one attribute of a coach is selflessness. You have to put your athletes before you, your students before you. What that does is motivates you to become a better person for them. Martial arts is all about paying it forward, right? Someone did it for me and I continue to pass that information along. To me, that's what a black belt is. In any style, when you work your way up to black belt, yes, it means you're proficient in the skill in that style, but what it also means is that you have the ability to then teach it to other people. And you can do that in a safe and effective way. And yo, side note here, anybody watching this, whether you're a gym owner or a coach or aspiring to be one, keep all of your relationships professional. Keep all of your relationships professional with your students. Guys, I'm looking at you. Do not date your students. And if you've heard about how your head coach is dating students, get the hell out of that gym. It's a bad gym. It's an abuse of power and this rant's for another video. Let's go back to the healthy side of running a business and helping people out through martial arts. So, in order to become a coach, you have to start thinking like a coach. You have to be selfless and you have to identify as a coach. But again, never give up being a student. That's the number one thing that I recommend. Being a coach is being a good communicator. It's being a good leader. But if you're talking about like what certifications do I need? What type of training do I have to go through? Martial arts is still the wild, wild west. What I'll tell you is that the International Kickboxing System has a full 10-week rotating curriculum. It teaches you exactly how to lead a room, how to structure your classes from kids to adults. We've got a ranking system. If you want to learn more, you can book a call with me. In-person training starts at the summit May 15th through the 17th. Heads up, we do background checks and we make sure that you are SafeSport certified. Because if you're going to be working with kids, it is imperative that safety is at the forefront of your program. Okay, class structuring. I'm going to talk about this in a general way here because running a class for kids is going to be different from running it with adults. Running it for beginners, intro classes is going to be different for people who are more advanced. Obviously, fight team is a whole 'nother aspect. But on that note, fighters don't make money. So, if you're trying to become like the next big coach for the UFC champion, great. You're not going to make money doing that. Find me a coach that makes a career out of just being that fighter's coach. Doesn't exist. Because that fighter is struggling. That fighter doesn't even make enough money unless they have sponsorship deals and and they're doing movies and stuff like that. The sooner you understand this, the sooner that you're going to start making money and stop pulling your hair out, is that a coach with fighters is a passion project. Fighters cost the coach money. Fighters cost the gym money. So, if you're passionate about being a competitive coach, great. Do that. But you have to be making money from your gym, from your students, from your clients. And I'm talking about the attorneys, the nurses, the accountants, the people who actually have money, not the fighters who don't have any money and are going, "Oh, coach, I can't pay tuition this month." I'm telling you right now. So, yes, having championship belts is great. But most people don't care about that. Most people who are going to be paying your bills and funding your business and your livelihood, they don't care about competitive fighters or or high-level belts or anything like that. They want a coach that listens. They want a coach that communicates well. They want a coach that's going to give them exactly what they need in order to reach their goals. And they want a fun experience. That's what they're looking for. And guess what? They're going to happily pay you for it. And they're going to recommend other people. So, if you get to a point where you lease out a location and you open up a gym and you map the place out and you got the heavy bags, one of the best ways to make money is running a heavy bag class. So, if you have enough heavy bags or maybe you double up two people on a heavy bag, it's the easiest way. You break it down into rounds. You give them rests in between. You get the music blasting. People love that. The general structure that I follow is warm up, shadow boxing, pads or heavy bag, then I finish with partner drills to make it a little bit realistic, and then we could finish with some sort of calisthenics, some sprints, or some stretches. It's also very important that you have a healthy class culture. So, whether you bow in at the beginning, you give each other high fives, you bring the left hand in the middle and do a hard work on free. You want to have a clear start to a class and you want to have a clear end to the class. Every single time. People like structure. People like when they know what to expect. Another thing is don't feel like that you have to pack everything that you know into a class or even always teach something new. Instead, you got to have a curriculum that you follow. If your clients consistently have good experiences at your gym, they're going to start to see your gym as that third space, right? You've got home, you've got work, and the third space is a place that they will go that they feel comfortable and they feel like that is part of their tribe. Now, that being said, you should have some sort of referral program because word of mouth, naturally they're going to start to bring their friends and family in and then you're going to start to grow. Again, another reason why you should have a really good CRM, hint Wodify. But now let's go into marketing and advertising because you got to get those people in the door. A lot of people, especially fighters, think that because they won some championship belt, that if they open up a gym, people are just going to show up. Well, guess what? After you retire, you're not the flavor of the week anymore. People don't care about you. People are going to jump off one train and get right onto the next. So, what you need to do is make sure that you have a good product and you're advertising it all of the time. Social media, yes, is a great way of doing that. But also snail mail, sending things out in the mail, uh running different events, free seminars, collaborating with other businesses in your area. But I do want to talk about social media specifically because not only can you use it as marketing to get people to sign up for your personal training or to sign up for your gym or to buy your online, maybe info product. But also you can make money through social media itself, right? So, if it's a YouTube video like this, CPMs means click per mill. That's what when people are watching consistently a long period of time and there's ads playing and then people maybe people are clicking on the ads. That's how you're making money on YouTube. People are joking now like man, I wish back in the day I uploaded an hour-long video of my fireplace because it's an hour-long video. A lot of people play it and then they leave the room and it's playing and it's repeating and all those ads are gone. So you have to be thinking about viewership watch time. How can you keep people involved and watching for a long period of time if that's how you want to make money? And then you kind of use your knowledge of martial arts. You use your gym as a studio and then you can start making money through that. And then short-form content, the way you make money with that is usually through brand deals, right? TikTok you maybe able to make money from, but if you're on Instagram, then you're going to have to partner up with different brands. You're going to have to do reviews of products. Could be commission-based or they could pay you for the videos themselves, but ultimately the way I want you to think about social media is you are giving people a taste of what you offer for free. This builds trust. Now they're more likely to come into your gym because they feel like they know you. They know how you teach. They know what you teach and they're like, I want the experience of training in person with that. And the more that your face is on camera and they hear your voice, there's not going to be as much resistance when they come in because they know exactly what to expect. And if you're resistant about getting in front of the camera and sharing content, I challenge you to figure out why. Because when I do this presentation to other gym owners and I get I ask people, why don't you film more content? We have to peel back the layers a bit, but we ultimately get to I feel judgment from my peers or from the gym down the street. And that's what stops me from doing it. And that's when I remind them that you have to be doing it for Jim the accountant or Billy the 10-year-old kid that's getting bullied or Susan the nurse because she has to deal with people who are who get out of hand at the hospital, right? Like you have to care about those people and not so care so much about the competition. And I think the reason why we care so much about competition but it's because this sport is inherently competitive. But you have to think more collaborative. That's the trick. And so when you start to create more content and you start to build followers, you can boost posts, you can start to reach people specifically in your area with certain interests whether that's on Facebook or on Instagram or Google. But again, in order to make money through this, you have to give back. You have to be selfless as a coach. There are going to be days where you don't feel like waking up and teaching that 6:00 a.m. class. There's going to be days where you don't feel like taking that class and you feel like you've done enough at this point. You have to stay you have to keep that growth student mindset. And then there's going to be times where you want to prioritize the fighter who's not paying and hasn't been paying for months because they got a match coming up, but Susan who's actually keeping the lights on in your gym, you got to start to get very, very organized. Again, when it comes to curriculum, class structure, business operations, hiring and firing, and marketing. So if you need help with this stuff, if you own a gym or maybe you're now starting to think about running your own academy, we are covering all of this stuff and so much more at the summit May 15th through the 17th. That's next month at Picken MMA in Cherry Hill, New Jersey. Listen, if AI is threatening your job or if you're a little bit younger and you're thinking about college and career paths and you're like, I don't know what to do yet. A lot of people are talking about trades and and blue-collar work. Guess what? This is this is that. Martial arts is blue-collar work. Martial arts is hard work. Running your own business is is entrepreneurship, but man, it is the most rewarding path that anyone can take. You stay on the straight and narrow through martial arts and you guide others to do the same. Pay it forward and then ask them to pay it forward. And I'll leave you with one last tip when it comes to hiring and building a tribe. I've heard the phrase, you should farm raise versus go out hunting. Meaning you should build up your students to eventually become assistant instructors and then eventually coaches themselves. So the sooner that you can get your students thinking like coaches and understand concepts and tactics versus just techniques and forms, this is how you're going to be able to farm raise a very strong tribe, other coaches, and diversify your classes, and offer more classes, and thus growing your business. I think one of the coolest examples of this is Brian Pole-Choy and Jackie Buntan. Jackie was just a little girl when she started training with coach Brian and then through the years got better and better and better and then she got the one championship kickboxing belt and became one of the best strikers in the world. And to think that you can just go take one of her classes at Boxing Works if you're out in the Los Angeles area, California is is incredible. That being said, coach Brian actually has a course on running a fight camp with Jackie in it. So again, the the coaches and gym owners that are on Magnus, they know what I'm talking about. Thanks everybody. Let me know if you need any help.