Kind: captions Language: en And I am just getting sick of meeting fighters after they've left the sport and they have nothing and they've had they have to take on another job. That does not happen in our sport. Like if you love this sport and we get everyone, oh you're complaining, blah blah blah. If you love this sport, you have to respect the athletes enough to think that if they've been fighting here for a very long time, they don't have to immediately go and get a job after breaking their bodies and breaking their minds for you. Is the business side of MMA killing the sport? In a recent tweet from Tom Aspenol, he said that I love martial arts, but I hate the business. I think that fighters are just completely replaceable and the business will make you feel like that at any chance it gets even if you get hit with an illegal move which could affect the rest of your life. They really don't care and no one else does either. Of course, there was talks of Tom Aspenol fighting the king of eye pokes, that is Jon Jones, last year. That fight never happened. So, Aspenol fought Sarah Gan back in October and suffered multiple eye pokes that led to life-changing injuries. He still has a spot in his eye. He has vertigo. He's off balance. Anytime he changes direction, he falls over. and he just underwent surgery 108 days after sustaining the injury. And more and more people are talking about boycotting the UFC because of this and other reasons like potentially rigged fights where FBI investigations are being carried out, matchmakers playing favorites causing fighters to skip the line to get championship fights. Saying the sport is getting too dramatic or too political, and probably the biggest reason of all, unfair payment and support of the fighters. Case in point, Tom Aspenol. So, is MMA doomed? I'd argue no because the talent is better than it's ever been and the UFC is just a single organization. Certain leagues like One Championship are much bigger in Asia and other parts of the world. I mean, you got to realize the sport of MMA is still growing at a rapid rate because it is so brand new. And you've got innovators like Campbell McLaren, the co-founder of the UFC, changing up the entire model of how MMA is being distributed. Senator John McCain was doing his best, number one, to put me in jail, which he was actually writing letters to district attorneys and governors suggesting that and um trying to shut the UFC down. So, let me explain real quick how I know Camel McLaren. So, he sent me a message last year and he goes, "Hey, I'm the guy who started the UFC. I'm the guy who hired Joe Rogan to be the commentator. I like what you're doing with fight tips. I have a new MMA organization. Do you want to be the commentator?" And so last year I did four events and they put on some of the most amazing fights that I've ever seen. In fact, I was so impressed with the talent that this year I decided to acquire rights to Kamate Global and I'm going to be live streaming their events live and free right here on Fight Tips. And think about it like this. This is how new the sport is. You've got people who still say, "Do you do UFC? Do you train UFC?" They use it synonymously with MMA, not realizing that one's a brand and one's a sport. So think about the potential there. Like everybody was using Yahoo until Google came out. Now, very different time and we have coming up in June, uh, the UFC is going to be on the White House lawn. So, in the course of some 32 years, the UFC in the sport of MMA has gone from being outcast, at least with the establishment. The fans always loved it. Uh it's gone from being outcast by the establishment to being embraced by the president to put the event at the 250th anniversary of this country at the White House in celebration of American exceptionalism. So that's quite an arc. How did we get here? What were the changes? What happened? the politicians, the establishment, and the media caught up to what the fans knew that this is a great sport. Now, if that's where the UFC came from, where did Kombat come from? Well, about a decade ago, I noticed the UFC had very few fighters from Mexico and I think none from Puerto Rico. So, this is super cool. This is why I love Campbell. He realized that there's this huge untapped audience, specifically the Latin audience, that loves boxing, but really doesn't watch or understand MMA yet. &gt;&gt; Now, if you're a boxing fan, one of the greatest matchups in boxing is Puerto Rico versus Mexico. Bob Arum, the famous boxing promoter, said it was US Hispanics that kept boxing alive. So you have this great fight tradition with these two Spanish-speaking countries and they're not represented in the UFC. When I started Kbate Global, it was called Kombbate Americas. America with an S on the end. And I meant all of the Americas. Now to a lot of folks that don't speak Spanish and don't think about South America, they were confused by the S. There's only one America, but there's actually a lot of Americas. There's North America, South America, Latin America, Central America. We're all Americans and we all have this desire to beat the crap out of each other and then hug it out after. So that's where Kate comes from. Now, this is how we're disrupting things and doing it different from the UFC model is we're going to be interacting live with you with the audience alongside my good friend, Coach Bob Peach. &gt;&gt; She had like the girl framed like this. I'm like, "Right elbow." SHE'S LIKE BOOM. THEY MIGHT HAVE STOPPED IT CUZ THE GIRL was like, &gt;&gt; "She didn't know where to go." Watch the range, Ray. Oh, &gt;&gt; Sean, make an angle, man. Make an angle. Even when you're scoring, good. Make an angle. I want to hear what you see. I want you to break down things for me, and I'm going to broadcast that to everybody that's watching. Now, how many people are going to be watching? Campbell's a genius in that he asked me to broadcast it to all of my audience. He's also partnered with this huge channel down in Brazil that's got tens of millions of followers. It's also going to be on Samsung TV. So, the potential of reaching 20 million people is not unfathomable and I want you to be a part of it and I I I have a favor to ask of you and it's to sort of pay it forward. What I mean by that is we're going to have such a new audience, so many new eyes on this sport, they're going to have questions of the rules and what they're looking at. I need you guys to help break it down for them in the chat. I'm not going to be able to keep up with everything. I'm going to be broadcasting the fights. So, I want you guys interacting with each other and help them understand the sport better. So, thank you for doing that and keeping the chat respectful. Why is this so important to me? Well, I think Campbell explains it best. &gt;&gt; I think it brings people together because at the end of a fight, it's, you know, oftentimes at huge soccer games uh uh or football games or any athletic competition, sometimes the fans that lost are really angry. But when you go to a fight and your fighter loses, if they put their heart into it, you still respect them. And there's a love and a respect and a honor that comes with this sport. And I think that's finally beginning to be understood by everyone. Real quick, let's talk about the fighters, the fights to look out for. So there's this kid, Marcelo Reyes. He's early on in the night, but this dude introduced himself to me last year when when I watched him fight. I watched him fight twice live. I'm a huge fan of this kid. First of all, he goes by T800, you know, model 101. That ring any bells, Terminator fans out there, no? You haven't seen Terminator series yet? Go watch Terminator 1 and 2. Terminator 2 is I have argued my whole life it's the best movie of all time. And I stand by it and I'm starting to think that it's a documentary. Anyway, Marcelo Reyes came up to me, introduced himself, nicest kid in the world, but this dude has got some hands, man. I was literally 20 feet away from Laala. That's what they call the cage when this happened. Absolutely insane. But every fight is like that because it's so striking heavy. You got Janet Garcia. She's a multipletime Muay Thai champion and she picks people apart with her striking, with her kicks, with her knees, with her elbows. Jaden Ortga is fighting. You may remember I did a video about him last year saying how explosive he was. And then two days later, boom, headkick knockout and we go wild. And he's young, too. So, you know, he's only going to be getting better and better. Then you've got the main event. You got Jawi Mendes against John Padone. Now, John Padone, the best way to explain him is like Kimbo Slice type fighter. this Puerto Rican guy that fights in underground unsanctioned MMA fights literally in basement. So like you can't find much on him but trained with Patty Pimlet who's training Leota Machita down in Florida like super legit is fighting Ji Menddees and Ji Menddees I've done multiple videos with he's a reality TV show star they call him the the Mexican Jake Paul he's did you know Jersey Shore MTV series well they they've got it down in Mexico and it's called Alap Poco Shore and that's like and then he's he's a DJ he's a musician he's also like the nicest dude in the world too I think I've been to dinner with him three times and he picks up the check for everybody every single time so it's hard to root against that guy. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we meant this. &gt;&gt; This year we're moving to Burbank, California. The first event is February 26th. That's a Thursday. So, mark it in your calendars now. And I'm giving away two tickets. Click the link, sign up if you're local, if you're in the Burbank area. If you're in LA, come watch some sick MMA fights. Much a Kamate Global. We'll see you February 26th in the chat.