Kind: captions Language: en Boom. We are live. What's going on everybody? Thanks for coming in. I want to start this live Q&amp;A session here uh with paying tribute to Muhammad Ali who we lost over the weekend. True legend and inspiration um in the sport of boxing. We lost a lost a legend. We really did. And um he made a mark. We we all watch and learn from him. Probably the most um name in boxing even to this day. inspires other boxers and MMA fighters. So, uh was a legend and uh will forever remain one. How's everyone doing? Thanks for coming in. I see a lot of people are already in the chat room now. Sorry for starting a little bit late. Um if you guys would do me a quick favor and just thumbs this video up so we can get more people in here right now. I got 30 with 700,000 subscribers. We have more than 30 in here. People are still misquing Kenny. Cool. All right, guys. So, I'll answer as many questions as I can today. I know we're going to get a lot in here. Um, feel free to just keep typing it out if I don't see it the first time. I'm sorry. Um, like I said, the chat's going to be flying quick, so when I see them, I'll answer them quickly. Um, I want to start off by saying real quick, if you're in the Los Angeles area, I am Darn. I would love for you guys to come. We're going to focus on more advanced kicks, underutilized kicks that you don't see a lot in MMA or in Muay Thai, things that you can utilize and incorporate and be very successful with them. We're also going to focus on flexibility and the Muay Thai clench. All right, little secrets that I learned in Thailand. I want to share them with you guys. So, that's going to be limited availability and that's going to be on July 2nd in Hawthorne at Sweet Science Gym. You can see it's super tiny down there and backwards. But yeah, Sweet Science Gym uh in Hawthorne, California, July 2nd. If you guys are in the Los Angeles area, I would love for you guys to come on out. It's be a good time. So, more details on that. Pricing and VIP packages will be coming soon. But I just wanted to uh to throw that out there. One more quick thing, too. Today's the last day for the MidWork certification course. So, if you want to sign up, there's only a few spots left. Um and tonight is the last night to sign up, but we are going to be doing a giveaway. All right. So, if you want a guaranteed spot, sign up. Links in the description below. It's the first one says network certification course. And if you click that, you'll read through and I'll give you a quick explanation. I don't want to waste your time too much on it, but it's it's for those who want to make a career, want to make some money doing what they love, which is boxing, holding mits, Muay Thai, MMA. Um, just really focusing on combos, how to develop combos, how to train your fighters and make them good fighters, make sure that they're prepared for the fight. We have a six week course on there on weeks out before a fight. We give you road work. We give you workouts to do. We give you target heart rate and target uh resting heart rate, where your should be at. So, it's very comprehensive. And then we also teach you how to sell. So, how to pick up more clients and make money because that's that could be the hardest part. You can be a great coach. You can be a great midwork holder, but then when you go up to someone, you're nervous or you don't know the right things to say, they're not going to give you money. You're not going to be able to make a living out of it. So, we teach you all of those things. It's a 40. Um, and then a pair of Sweet Science boxing mits. We'll send you a pair of gloves and we'll send you a pair of Sweet Science wraps. All right. It's an awesome deal. Links in the description below. We'll talk a little bit about a giveaway that we're doing towards the end. All right. It involves Instagram. Cool. Let's see any other uh points I want to cover before we start talking about about the uh the Q&amp;A questions we got in here. Uh cool. All right. No. So, we'll start I'll start answering some questions. I do definitely want to talk about the fights yesterday, UFC 199. Want to talk about more about Muhammad Ali. Absolutely. Um, talked about the seminar. Cool. Let's just start answering some questions. All right. Um, does does track help in MMA? Yeah, I mean, you got to be doing cardio. You got to be doing your road work. Um, sort of a rule of thumb, you don't want to do more than five miles a day because then it's going to start to break down on your muscle. All right? unless you're trying to cut weight, but otherwise try to try to keep it to sprints two two times a week and then jogging, you know, for uh for about four or five times a week. Uh there's a good one there from John Dawson says, "Why did you start doing Fight Tips?" So, real quick, Fight Tips got started. Um I was 13 when we started Fight Tips and at first it was um it was a video website. This was before YouTube was out and we were hosting um martial arts fight videos and street fight videos and then it became a forum, a message board and all these people were on there, all these different martial artists and weightlifters. We just sort of started sharing advice with each other and people were like, you know, Shane seems like you know your stuff. You should start uploading videos and that's when YouTube came out. And I was like, cool. Host them on this this new website called YouTube. And then random people found it. They were saying, "Shane, you're helped me beat be beat my bully, help me get in shape, help me get into into boxing and all this stuff and reaching a lot of people and it was uh very motivating, very, very inspiring to hear all these successful stories. So from there it just grew and now our motto that we stick by is make people better." So every every video that we do or or product that we come out with, we make sure that it that it answers that question. Does it make people better? Araldo says, "I see 1 million subs in your future." I do too. I do too. There's a website called socialblade.com where it shows future projections of um where you're going to be in a month, in two months, and a year. And uh we're doing pretty good. We're doing pretty good. Thanks to you guys. Really owe it all to you guys for all your support and sharing our videos and and stuff like that. So, we will we'll be at a million no time. Cool. Uh do I have kids? I do not have any kids. I don't plan on I am married though. Marie, my wife, is also part of the Fight Tips team. It's just her and I that that run it. She does a lot of the uh the camera work. She answers a lot of the emails, social media. Um so married, she's the best, but no, no kids. Never skip leg day. Amen. Cool. All right, let's talk a little bit about uh UFC 199. I got questions for you guys. How do you guys feel about Michael Bisping being the new champ? How do you feel about him uh avenging his loss against Rockold? Here's what I saw. I mean, I was I was traveling yesterday because I was I was on vacation. I was in Cancun. It was a great time in Mexico. But uh I was I was on a plane when when the fights were happening, so I only saw the highlights so far. But based on the uh based on the highlights or the knockout of Bisping and and Rockold, I think here's what happened. You're if you're an orthodox fighter fighting a southpaw fighter or vice versa, southpaw fighter fighting a an orthodox fighter, you're fighting someone switch, your lead hook is almost the equivalent of an overhand right. Right? If you think orthodox orthodox, right? If I come with my right hand over top of your left hand, I'm going to catch you on the chin. The overhand, right? Overhand, right? Because it comes over your opponent's hand. Whereas the straight cross comes straight up the middle in between their hands. Boom. Right? So if Rockhold, which he was, he was a little too confident, right? Riding that line between confident and cocky. I think he was a little bit on the cocky side for this fight. Kept his low, kept his hand out extended, and set up that lead hook the whole time. You know, he's backing up and then he would explode and come in, right? And Rockold was throwing that that chopping check hook with, but his shoulder wasn't high enough. Exactly what happened. This B came right over top. Overhand lead hookers to to the jab of a of a south pole. I used to do that all the time. So fighting a southpole fighter, they throw the jab. I'd parry it. Boom. Same hand. I call it skip the rock. Boom. Parry hook. Parry hook. Now you got parried. He just came right over top. Boom. But And then I'm orthodox and I'm throwing my jab. Then the south fighter can do the exact same thing except with the with the right hand. Right. Harry right hand. I he got on the outside. His lead foot was on the outside of Rockold's lead foot. Cool. Um, are you still thinking of going professional? Not me as a fighter. I don't I don't want to fight anymore. I'm saving these brain cells so I can learn and continue teaching you guys and making halfdecent videos. Um, Diaz McGregor too. Yeah, I knew that question would come up. We'll talk about that. We'll talk about that. Yes. Rest in peace, Muhammad Ali. outer versus Edgar. That's going to be an awesome one. I love both fighters. Follow him for a long time. Big fan of him. Love his boxing. Love his athleticism. I was working with Phil Migler. It was awesome. Awesome. I can't wait to do more videos with him. It's a shame that we're um on either sides of the country. It's funny though because he actually lived in the same neighborhood that I'm at now in California like 10 years ago when he was training with the Gracies. So, he was living out here and we were talking about all the same restaurants that we eat at, but now he's back in Philadelphia and I'm here. So, when I travel back out there. Cool. Have you ever been to real street flight? Yes, of course. Cool. All right. What do you guys think? I'm surprised I haven't seen it yet. I'm sure it popped up, but Oh, there it is right there. Super Cookie HD. Brock Lesnar is back at UFC 200. I was like, I read that. And I'm like, is this is this right? Is this correct back? And he's fighting as soon as July. How do you guys think about that? I mean, the first thing that I think is has is he clean? Has he been doing steroids because he's been in the WWE? You know, he doesn't look as big as he used to, but And is he is he prepared? Is he is he in shape? Ready to fight? We'll see. Maybe he's hoping for that first round finish ground and bound with those short hammer fists. Cool. All right, more questions. Let me see. Um, yeah, let's talk about All right. McGregor versus Diaz UFC 202. What do I see? Well, comment. What do you guys see happening? I'm thinking I'm thinking if trains better for this one because I said in previous video and a lot of people uh uh I thought challenged my opinion but I thought that McGregor was doing great in the first round, beginning of the second round, but he get he got tired. I'm telling you guys, I know that feeling. I've seen it. I've been there. When you're throwing a lot of punches and missing, which he was, and kicks, he was throwing like wheel kicks and missing takes a lot out of you. And he he admitted that he was eating steaks of weighions and he did he didn't have to run because he thought you know I don't have to cut any weight. I'm going up top then why should I do my road work? Why should I think again just like just like uh maybe Rockhold stepped over from confident to the cocky side was illprepared didn't have the stamina and then just faded by round two. and Diaz, both Diaz brothers are known for pacing themselves, right? They're never they never go, if you look at it like a graph, their energy level on a graph, it's it's straight across the whole time. They never peak and then drop off, right? Or it's not like a slow start. It's just they're they're going like this the whole time. So, the way that they're fighting in round one is the way that they're going to be fighting in round five. You got to be smart. You got to you got to pace your stuff. And I don't think McGregor did. So, that'll be it'll be interesting to see. He cut up. He cut up uh Diaz, but his problem is he gonna last. He doesn't have the the the experience going the distance like Diaz does following Nick Diaz on a on Snapchat, which by the way, follow me on Snapchat, guys. We do a combo of the day on there. New combo every day. But uh Nick Diaz, like they just did an ex-terror marathon, both of them yesterday or was it I think that was today. McGregor versus Floyd. Man, that would be a walk in the park for Floyd. Telling you. I'm telling you guys, that's just that's for both of them. Cool. All right. New questions. New questions. Let me see. Have you ever met Diaz? Yeah, follow me on Instagram. Follow me on Instagram. Um, I had a picture. I met both of them, Nick and Nadia. They were at Bellator. They were at uh Bellator 154 when we were there. Super cool dudes. Totally. uh took the time. There was people asking for autographs and pictures, you know, non-stop while they're trying to watch the fights and they they filled out every autograph. They they took pictures with every single person that asked. Super humble, super cool. Yeah, good dudes. All right. Do you think they're ever overpaid? Who? Uh McGregor and and Floyd Mayweather. I mean, if they can make the money, you know, we're the ones paying for it because we're we're paying to watch it. It's not like they're they're stealing money from anybody. Someone said, "What's your Snapchat?" My Snapchat is Fight Tips. If I hold it up to the screen, can you guys just uh snap it or whatever to add me here? Let's try it screen. See if this works. Focus. No. Uh, it's Shane Fasin. S H A N A F A Zen. All right. Talking about Instagram. So, the Midwork certification course that I was talking about, let me bring that up for you guys real quick and see what exactly I'm talking about. So, the Midwork certification course, this is our second time doing this now. Um, it says seven spots right there. We actually only have six left. All right. So, it's a full comprehensive course. It's a 40 video course teaching you how to be a coach, how to properly sell, how to properly hold mits, how to develop combos. And then we also down here shows you everything that you get. All right? So, you get the video training course, you get boxing mits, gloves, hand wraps, sales training, mitwork course on how to hold, like I said, but then you'll get three 1-hour live streams with me. All right? So, you can bring in any questions that you have if you're if you're currently holding or if you had problems trying to sell people. Bring them in. Bring them in. I'll help you out with that. You get one month free to my fight gym. And then you get this is this is super valuable right here. Six week fight camp program and combo sheet for free. actually forgot about the combo sheet, but yeah, it goes up to like 100 punch combo in there. But the six week fight camp program, that's huge, guys. That's uh that stuff that I've been working on and have developed after talking to a ton of different worldrenowned coaches. Like I said, it's it's road work. It's target heart rate, resting heart rate, it's workouts to do to make sure that your fighters are properly prepared or if you're a fighter yourself. Okay, good stuff. Cutting weight, all that. All that's in there. And then you'll get the MIT works cert uh certificate. So we'll send that to you which is really cool. And you see that in the video here. Just mute this because we had a bunch of people from the last one. Here's Sam right here. Um so we'll send you out this this certificate. I'll sign it and send it out to you. And then you can use this if you're going into to try to get a job at a UFC gym or or an LA fitness. All right. It's going to look good when you're when you're going up against someone else if you have this. It's just it's just a oneup on them. All right, so we're going to do one giveaway thanks to um How do I get back? Where am I at? Cool. So, thanks to Art Golden, who's been a supporter of Fight Tips for a long time. He's a he's a personal training client of mine. um he wants to buy one and do a giveaway so that one of you guys or gals um start your career as a boxing coach. So all you have to do is go to my Instagram and I'm going to type it out right now in the chat. I'm type like six times because I know it's going to be spamming. It's just Shane Fasin. All right. So, go to my Instagram, take a screenshot of my latest picture, and then just all I want you to do is write out and explain why you want to become a coach. All right? Why why this program will benefit you. I know a lot of people don't have the money to purchase it. And for those of you that can, the grind is what's important. So, if you can go out and mow lawns or or wash cars or something, I mean, that's that type of personality, that mentality is going to carry over and help you be a good coach. But for those of you who really just can't do it out, he's typing right now in the chat. Um, he's buying one and he wants to give it away to someone. So, all you guys got to do, like I said, go to my Instagram, screenshot my latest picture, and then just explain in the caption why this will benefit you, why you want to be a boxing Muay Thai MMA coach, why important you. So, while you guys are doing that, I'll get back to a couple questions on here. Someone said, "How can I get into the UFC?" I got a video on that. A video on that. search for um how to make a career as a fighter. All right. Yeah, that's one I wanted to talk about. Swagger wrestling said talk about Ariel Awani being banned. So, I don't know if you guys heard about this and someone explained it to me because I'm not even sure actually why he got banned. Was it because he reported that Brock Lesnar coming back before they officially announced it? I think that was the problem. But apparently he was escorted out of the forum which is where UFC 199 was at um and permanently banned him. So it's interesting. There's a lot of things there's a lot of changes happening in UFC. Joe Rogan sounds like he's going to be leaving, right? Um Ariel just got fired. Who's who's a big big reporter and a lot of people a lot of people liked him. How to defend against yourself against Shane Fasin. I'll never fight anyone in here. I'll never attack anyone. But yeah, um a lot of changes, a lot of upsets with um with current champs and uh I don't know, man. I I personally think that a lot of people are Yeah, that's what we're talking about. Swag wrestling band. I just think there's a lot of changes going on in the UFC and I think it's going to be beneficial for Bellator. I mean, I know I'm a little biased because I work with Bellator. That's what I heard. Someone said Joe Rogan gone for real. He's mentioned on his podcast he's like I'm not sure if I'm if I'm going to continue doing it. His his contract's up in a couple months, right? Maybe July. And he said um at that point he doesn't know if he's going to sign again with them. And I think I think he'll do fine. You know, he's got his comedy, he's got his podcast, he'll do fine. But then who's going to be the one to replace him? Shane Fasight? No. I mean it's it's interesting to think about. Is it going to help them grow with something new or is the change going to be um you know is it going to be devastating to the UFC? John White, do you believe in God? I try not to bring politics or religion into my videos. I'm sorry. What's your opinion about Nick Diaz's fighting style? I actually have a video bringing Nick Diaz's boxing. Oh, Nate Diaz. Well, so I guess it's the same thing. Um, you have to search for it though. I have it unlisted right now, but it's in one of my playlists. Um, if you look around for it, it's a really good video. But even better, if you just go to fighttips.com, the fight.com website, and just search Nick Diaz, that'll pop up on there. There's a video on there for you to watch. Um, I think it's awesome. I think it's very unorthodox and maybe not what you would teach a beginner to do or to ambulate, but it's it gets the job done. Cool. Someone said, "What's your favorite fighting move?" HP animation. Go to my go to my Snapchat, which is Fight Tips. Follow me on Snapchat and on my story every day I'll upload a uh a new combo of the day. So, a lot of those on there are my favorite fight moves. What do you think about weed? Says uh Dra butchered your name. Sorry about that. Um, I don't like the idea of smoking anything. I don't like the idea of inhaling cigarettes or or weed or anything like that. Even even vaporizers and stuff like that. Like just the whole idea of bringing in bringing in anything other than oxygen. I don't like that idea and I've always been that way. I like having my [Music] stamina running. I love that feeling to hinder that in any way. Um, but if definitely has medical benefits that's that's undeniable. So I think te's are something that I would consider doing but I to this day I mean I really I don't I don't smoke. I get comments all the time of people like Shane you look super high in this video and it's just the way just the relaxed eyelids that I have. But you know like a a THC tea or something like that a hot tea I think that's something that I would absolutely experiment with. Am I still on? You guys still see me? All right, let me see. Let me see. Someone said, "Hey Shane, I box a lot and lately my shoulder keeps messing up and it cracks and pops. Uh comes every 3 weeks and it's painful. It lasts for ages and I don't know what to do. Any tips?" Um when I have injuries like that, anything that's joint related, you have to rest. You have to rest. And if you rest to a certain point and it's not helping, this may not be the best bit of advice, but for me, I've noticed if I just push through the pain and try to um the muscles around it. So, if it's your shoulder, then I would say try exercising your bicep, your tricep, and your chest in ways that aren't going to injure the shoulder itself. But if you're throwing punches against the heavy bag, you know, there's a lot of pressure that's right in the shoulder. If you're throwing full extension in your punches when you're shadow boxing, like I said, that could be stressful to there. But if you build up the muscles around there, the back, the rear delts, uh like I said, triceps, chest, they're going to assist in that area. But main thing is you you need to ice, you need to rest it. Cool. All right. All right. Uh, someone said, "Shin splints. I run correctly. Proper running shoes, but they won't go away." Check out my video, Matt. I have a video on shin splints. All right. I had some of the worst shin splints when I was young. So, same same idea. Rest and uh and ice. Some of these questions are uh little PG-13. Do you like football? Says Giants Nation. Sports other than boxing and and MMA tie. Uh, Brian, we answered that question earlier. Mayweather vers McGregor. I feel like that's easy work for Floyd. I feel like they're both doing it just to make some money. I don't think I don't think Floyd would be able to knock out McGregor, but I don't think McGregor would be able to do any damage to Floyd. Are you crying? Coming at you, bro. Talked about bisping and rock hole, too. We talked about that early on. the uh the Orthodox versus versus South Paul being got the superior angle came over top of the the right shoulder with the left hook. How much you bench bro? Can you speak Spanish? Let's see. Oh, actually, so uh I was saying gracias and Ola a lot. That counts, right? Cool. All right, we'll do about 15 more minutes, guys. 15 more minutes again with the uh the boxing gear giveaway course if you want to purchase it. Links in the description below. Start a career as a boxing coach. Start creating all these fighters that we're talking about in here. Imagine if you guys make the next Muhammad Ali. Imagine if you're the coach. You're the next uh custom motto coach. You know, imagine if you're uh coach, right? Cavanaaugh. Coach Kavanagh links in the description below. Also, we're doing the giveaway for for one of these. One person will win Instagram, which is also in in the description below. The second link there, Fight Tips Instagram. Copy my latest picture. Screenshot that and then write in the in the um caption why this will benefit you and why you want to become a coach. We're going to select one person. That's all thanks to our uh our supporter and fan and one of my clients, Art Golden G Fight Breakdown. I do have I did write an article about Triple G's hooks. That's on fighttips.com, too. Andre, but uh I want to get I want to get Triple G in a video. How cool would that be? Because he's not too far away. Get Triple G in a video Mexican style. Good boy. Uh, worst injury. I've I've been lucky with not a lot of injuries coming out of fights. Um, broken fingers, broke my foot. The elbow that I that I took in Thailand was pretty bad, but nothing that I had Well, no, it's not true. Gone to therapy for the foot. I went to uh and stuff, but nothing too bad. Nothing that kept me out for more than a couple months. Uh, hey Shane. I do very competitive jiu-jitsu, trying to transition in MMA, have a good physical athleticism, but also I was taking that all serious. Yeah. But yeah, to answer your question, you can you can absolutely slap people with it. That is legal. How you do that? What did I just say? My fight story for Josh, that would be awesome. those videos I mean they they get views but I just feel like they're not as popular as the other ones and they take us a lot of time to make but uh but yeah I would happen uh someone said how do you how do you maintain your figure Shane I mean uh a lot of the stuff that we do on myfight.com honestly we share workouts on there all the time and uh it's a lot of calisthenics a lot of cardio Um, I'm a firm believer in cardio. I really am. I know a lot of these videos online. I follow these, too, and they got a lot of knowledge. Um, they joke about it, but they uh they don't do enough cardio. I personally don't believe. But again, my goals are different than than what a bodybuilder's goals are. Why dreadlocks? Why not? Look at these things. A lot of work, a lot of upkeep dreadlocks. Someone the other day was like, "You can't wash dreadlocks though, right?" Yeah, of course you watch Dread Locks. Could you imagine how bad I'd smell if I couldn't watch these? What do you think's going to happen with Brock Lesnar UFC 200? What do I think's going to happen, man? I mean, it's a long layoff. He's coming off of two losses, right? I don't know. I mean, uh, how how much has he really been training his MMA? I don't know. Depends on who he fights. Really does depends on who he fights. Who does your hair? Says Gilbert. Well, I do it and Marie, my wife, she helps out a lot. Tightening them. They're a lot of work. Quincy, thank you. Dreads are dope. Cool. Uh, I see peekaboo stance. Let me scroll up. Can you make a video about a peek-ab-oo style boxing with drills and stuff? I want to fight like Mucci and he uses the peek-ab-oo stance, but I don't know many drills. Please help. You know who's really good with that? I mean, I have a couple videos on there and there's there's a bunch on myfightjim.com explaining it, too. But um JT Vanv TripleV, he's got a lot of uh good peekaboo stance stuff. Check him out. JT Vanv Triple V. Cool. Ryan Clark says, "Has your wife been in a video yet?" Yeah, she's been in a bunch. She's been in a bunch. He says, "What is the Los So the Los Angeles seminar on it's it's ade science." Um it's going to be limited availability. We haven't yet. Um but we're going to we're going to supply you guys with more information very soon. We're going to be covering kicks that can be incorporated in MMA and Muay Thai and flexibility drills. And then we're going to go over uh Muay Thai clinch sweeps, setting up knees and elbows. So, it's going to be a lot of good stuff. Yeah, it's probably going to be about three hours worth of information. Um, so definitely come check that out if you can make it out, Daniel. And that's all you guys. If anyone's in the Los Angeles area, got a couple people who are flying out, too. So, if you can if you can fly out, it'll be worth it. It'll be a good time. We'll all hang out, get some training in. Awesome. Someone said Conor McGregor versus Cody No Love. I'd like to see Cody No Love get a first personally. Get him a couple more uh get him a little bit more experience, but that would be good. Who'd win? Mayweather or Triple G? Mayweather or Triple G? I still got to go Mayweather. I do. Triple G is the man. Um, but uh I think Mayweather still would figure it out. Of course, it would go the distance, but um I gotta go Mayweather on that. How about Triple G Canelo? I'm curious what you guys think about that. Cool. Uh Ali vers Mayweather. That fight would never happen. Mayweather's like 100 pounds lighter than Ali. All right. All right. So, we'll go like five more minutes, guys. Five more minutes. I'm going to wrap it up. Actually feeling a little under the weather. I think it might be from Mexico. I think it's from all the traveling, but uh let me see. Let me see. There's a lot of questions. Sorry for all these guys. I saw someone asking about a 5x5 and that's all I saw for compound exercises. Yeah. Yeah, that's mostly the things that you want to be doing with 5x5 bench, overhead press, squats, deadlift, they're all compound. What age should I start? Juji, start it now. Why not? Why wait? No better time than now. Shane, more boxing movement drills. Noted. Noted. You got it. Cool. Asher Grant, my man. What's going on? Uh Shane, no phasings in here. Start martial arts with a resting heart rate at 160. Why is it that high? Resting heart rate. That's extremely high. You might want to talk to your doctor. I'm not going to answer that question just in case. It seems very high. But uh ask him. might want to do um a slower martial art. Maybe something more like Tai Chi Shane more Brazilian noted. Gotcha. I want Cody no love techniques. We got to get these guys in videos though. You know be huge guys and helps out a lot. This is how we got Boss Rutin in a video is I uploaded a picture on uh on Instagram and I said um you guys all need to go follow Boss Rutin and comment on his latest picture and say go be in a fight tips video. It should be in fight tips video with Shane and all these people hundreds of people commented on it and then next day I get an email from Boss Ruden himself and I was like what? So, the power of social media. If you guys ever want a fighter to be in a fight video, like Cody Olive or Anderson Silva I see right now, who's who's like right around the corner from me, actually, um on Twitter and just say, "Yeah, you you got to be in a fight tips video with Shane." People who say it, you know, the more they'll see it, that would be huge. I know it went for us again. He's he's a busy man though. Busy man. Someone said, "Would you go on PKA again?" Of course, Dylan. PKA fan. Is that how you found Fight Tips? Thank you for coming over. Yeah, I would love to. That was a good time. It was a good time. Stephanie McMahon, I have a video on that actually. Um, who do you think Brock Lesnar will fight? I don't know. That's That's what I really I'm not I'm not sure. Brian says, "Who do you think Brock Lesnar will fight?" I don't know. Like, uh, like Roy Nelson. That would be an interesting one. Mark Hunt. That would be awesome. All right. All right. Should I do it right now? What's the gate block? All right. Gate block. And you probably picked up on it just based on the examples, context clues, what I've talked about it in. Um, gate block is mostly for it could be looping hooks to the body or overhand right, but a gate block. And actually, you know who? Yeah. Someone uh Brian Ortagga sort of used it when he beat um uh Clay Guida. Um his was more just more like a helmet guard. But if you come if someone's throwing a wide hand, so you're going here, right, would be a helmet guard. But to intercept and go like this and right, you would lift your your left elbow or your left Yeah, your left elbow kind of bring your hand to their shoulder. You bring your shoulder high. So you're doing this just intercepting their punch. So if it's a wide hand like this, your elbow would come here, block their elbow, block their shoulder, and just stops their punch. And then if you're doing one, if they're throwing a wide right hand to the body, you just kind of go here the gate block and you can come right into a left hook. Boom. Is that the real Anthony M? Fire tips, Justin. So gate block coming down and you can whip it right into a left hook. So it's just it's like an interception almost. Boom. Boom. Anto's in here right now, everybody. Cameron says, "Collab with Damisetti. I want to I want to do a collab with Dometti. I'm pretty sure he's in LA area, right? And someone Andre said, "Are you ever coming to Dublin?" Dublin, Ireland. How about doing a fight tips tour? We're going to start uh we're going to see how this seminar goes. Again, for everyone who's coming in just now, July 2nd in Los Angeles, we're doing a seminar information soon to follow. Um we're going to see how that goes. gonna start writing down some ideas about like a possibly don't get too excited but possibly a fight to world tour where where we travel around and go to different gyms and do seminars. Would you guys be into that? And if so, comment a couple places now. I'll take mental note. Someone already said come to Sweden. Come to Atlanta. Come to Vienna. Come to Greece. D says you're hot. Thank you, bro. Thank you. Vienna, Spain. Nice. All right. Good to know, guys. I'm seeing a lot of Greece, Spain. Come back to Philly. I'll be back in Philly. I'll be back. Pakistan, Netherlands, Croatia, Scotland, another Croatia, Limmerch, New York. Yeah. So, it looks like there's a lot. England. So there's a lot within the states. Looks like more east coast, Philly, but then there's a lot in Europe as well. There's the first one. Peru look like was South America. Tanzania, Yemen, Alabama, Miami. That would be cool. Holland. I definitely want to come to Holland. That's a place I've been wanting to go for a long time. Got some good fighters out there. Boston, California, San Diego. If you're If you're in San Diego, you should come up. Come up to LA. July 2nd. I saw Bruce Lee say, "What's up, Shane?" I think Bruce Lee's in here. Irvine, Fresno. You guys got to come down to LA. Come train. July. Ultra Night Star. Spelled my name wrong, man. The chat is flying now. All right, I got I got a cool question. Um, who are some YouTubers besides Dometti you would like to see me collaborate with or maybe have in a uh trainer tip on Tuesday? Alexandria Boxing. Alexandria Boxing Gym. Andy Hoo. I can't collaborate with Andy Hoo. Maybe if I had a time machine like zombie Andy [Music] Hoo. Never met Anderson Silva. No. Josh Flamkins is an Mayo. Anthemio. Uh FAS does not like Krav Maga. I don't think I don't think it depends. It depends. Can't a lot of Krab Magga I want to do moment JT Vanv actually. Um he's just busy until July exposure. I got you. But um and Quincy um a lot of Krab Maga is it's like MMA. It's a mix of uh and boxing and it's uh collab with the Gracies. It's another one I want to again. They're close to me. Trav. I've been trying to get I've been trying to collaborate with Trav. I've actually sparred with Fight Smart Trap before, but uh too cool. Everyone wants JT Vanv. I know. So yeah, JT Vanv in in uh July said he's going to do a video for us. But I think why Faras says that about Krab Mag is uh if you don't do your Muay Thai, he's he's a big fan of of MMA of Brazilian jiu-jitsu as am I. And uh if you're just just doing crab mag um depending on where you're training at, I think he uh areas that aren't protected. Kra, however, is more of a mental a strong mental martial art for the streets, you know, so I don't knock anything. Butt man. The art of eight limbs. Dwayne Ledwig. Yeah, Dwayne Ledwig is someone I'd love to get. Absolutely. I would love to go out to uh to Colorado. Athleene X. I sent a video to Athleen X. I didn't hear anything back. But again, guys, these these people that you're commenting and I'm going to PewDiePie. I mean, I don't think I'd ever be able to get in contact with him. But um these guys that uh that you'd like to see in videos, I would too. And believe me, I send emails every day to everyone. But if the best way is to just reach them by strength and numbers, if you go to their Instagram or their Twitter, just say do a video with Shane Fasin from Fight Tips and tag me and uh the more they see it, the more they'll be inclined to do it. Sean Fagan's done videos for us, but yeah, we'll do more with him. Nick Droas, Lawrence Kenchin. Yeah. Yeah. All really good guys. Nate Diaz be awesome. But yeah, I mean when after I got boss root in a video, after that it was like all right, this is possible. This is possible to get pretty much anybody. Um, so yeah, I mean it's not crazy to get Nate Diaz in a video. I don't see why not. He's going to reach a couple thousand people, so it's not like it's he doesn't get anything out of it. Um, Tristar. Yeah. Try to start a gym, which is Feras's gym. What did I say? Someone said, "Trey Johnson, are you opening up a gym?" Nowhere in the near future, but it's something that we've been talking about a lot lately. Opening up a physical location. Yeah. Uh, cool. All right, guys. Any other questions fight related, fitness, nutrition? I just want to remind you guys real quick to enter this this giveaway that we're doing. Go to my Instagram, which is just Shane Faze, and I'll type it out. um screenshot the latest picture that I uploaded, repost it on your Instagram, and then just explain why you want to become a boxing coach and a pair of wraps, a pair of mits, and a pair of Sweet Science boxing gloves, plus the 40 video course and three live streams with me so that you can learn how to become a MIT work coach. It's good. It's real good. You guys are going to love it. Selena Gomez, great fighter fighter. No, that line in in Doicetti, did you guys see that video? Lifters versus fighters. He's like like the like the famous female boxer Chris Brown once said. Hilarious. All right. All right. More Anthemo hash the haymaker king. I love it, bro. really says, "I love you. Love you too, bro." Chris, female boxer, Chris Brown. Dan Cerrone, well, we got we had a couple of those videos with Cerrone's coach, Trevor Whitman. You guys got to check that out. Awesome, awesome videos. That guy is filled with knowledge. Filled with knowledge. It's funny. He started his seminar and he's like, "I want you guys to ask me the most intricate, most challenging questions ever. I'd like to think. Um, so he uh we were asking all about angles, about head movement in uh in Muay Thai and MMA. Do you believe in slipping punches? It's a lot of really good stuff. Cool. Nick versus Nate. Huh. All right. I think I'm gonna wrap it up, guys. If I see any other ones that catch my eye real quick. How to avoid being dropped. Don't get hit. Head movement, hands up, eyes open. Eyes open are one of the most important. Speaking of Nate and Nick Diaz, how often do you see those guys get knocked out, right? Nate's only one was against um Josh Thompson, who we did a video with, and Nick early on had a TKO stoppage, but one of the reasons that I believe they don't get dropped or they don't get knocked out either. They stumble, but I believe it's because they keep their eyes open. They see the punches coming. So even though they get hit, they know to brace. They know to roll and move with the punch. But their eyes are always open. The punch that you don't see coming or the kick that you don't see coming. You're not looking at direction. You don't know to brace for you don't know to move with it. You don't know to roll. That's when you get knocked out. And I just did a video on how to keep your eyes open in a fight. I can see it in the suggested right now right below the chat. Uh, Sensei Jack says, "Is taekwondo and judo a good combination in terms of coverage or would you com would you do complimentary arts?" Yeah, I mean it it's absolutely it's good except the first thing that I think is there's no punching. Taekwond do is going to teach you how to throw um like this, you know, and they don't really enforce the punching. They don't enforce a lot of defense either, right? So, there's definitely going to be gaps, but yeah, it's a good place to start for sure. Boxing versus MMA, you mean like how much money do the do these uh sports make or boxer versus MMA? It's just it depends on the rules. You really MMA, you need you need to be well versed in everything. If that's what you guys are, if you're talking about street fighting, right, then you need to be well verssed. nipple noted neighbor versus Brian Ortga. No man, hold minutes for him. I'll train him, but I'm not fighting. Best fighting style, the art of fighting without fighting. Is karate good? Yes. Shane, do you still eat Senzu beans? And have you modified the recipe? Ben, honestly, no. Um, because I don't do uh I don't do big J's extreme intense anymore. I just see a lot of people do. A lot of people don't lift without it and it's a great product, but I personally don't. But I mean, if if you do it, do it. Someone said John C. Kavanagh, who's uh Conor McGregor's coach. Get him on here. I would love to. I'd love to. You guys should comment on his Instagram. Connor is Kabib. I mean, if Kabib could be more active and avoid all those injuries, that dude is a powerhouse. And I feel like that that pressure and that aggression, I could see him pushing Connor up against the cage, taking him down. But uh but Connor's got that accuracy, that knockout power, so anything could happen. Francis said, "Talk on Ali." We talked about him in the beginning. Yeah, big shame, but he's solidified as a legend, you know, made the mark in boxing, politics, so we lost a legend. But I'll always be one things to drink after training water, but then you want to get some electrolytes back in there. So it could be just do like have have a proper diet, right? You could do Pedialyte, Gatorade mixed with water. You don't want to do just Gatorade. It's too much sugar. Um, but foods, you know, you want to make sure you're getting your protein. Pickle juice. Pickle. A lot of sodium though. Shane verse pac. Yeah. All right guys, I'm heading out for real this time. Thank you guys for coming in. Exactly. And I don't want the [Music] drag. All right, guys. So, one last time, I'm just going to announce Los Angeles seminar on July 2nd. All right. So, if you guys are in the LA area, it's going to be at Hawthorne uh in Hawthorne, California at Sweet Science Boxing Gym. I know. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. We do these all the time, though. We do do live streams all the time on My Fight Gym. So, if you guys want to hang out, Fridays at My Fight Gym for members only, but sign up, become a member. All right. I see your comments, Stephanie. I see them. Um the boxing giveaway. Go to my Instagram, follow me on Instagram if you're not already, which is just Shane Fasin, s h a ne f a zen, and screenshot my latest picture, repost that, and explain why you want to become a coach, why this MIT work course would be beneficial to you. We're going to pick a winner. We're going to send you out a pair of gloves, a pair of mits, a pair of wraps. All right? Plus, you'll get access to the course, live streams with me, and yeah, I think that's about it. That's all I want to talk about. I think so. I think that's it. Deadpool language. How to slip better. Practice it more. Practice it more. Who' I make sad? I'm sorry. Shane Franen. All right. All right. All right. Brock Lesnar. Thank you, Joan. You too. All right, guys. I'm out. I'm out of here. I see all these questions. I'm sorry I can't answer them all. I gotta go. Like I said, I'm feeling a little bit under the weather, if you catch my drift. Shane versus CM Punk. Let's do it. WWE is fake or not. It's choreographed. It's choreographed. Dudes, I'm out. You guys know where to find me. I'm on Twitter. I'm on Instagram. Uh try to do Periscope. Don't do that as often though. Still follow me on there for when I do. But the best place to reach me is on Fridays at my Fight Gym. So sign up. We'll see you there. We'll hang out. We'll do workouts together. Do Q&amp;As's, answer any questions you got. And then we got a chat in there just like this with all the members in there. So you guys will become teammates. It's a good time. You find may even find people in your area to train out in person. But Rania wants a shout out. Done. Done. Talk about brain damage in MMA. Ah, I do have a topic on that. I do have a video on that. So, sort of check that out. I'm sorry, guys. I'm heading out. I love you. Thanks for supporting Fight Tips. We will be at a million soon. Someone said that earlier and it's very exciting. If there's ever any coaches or Instagrammers or YouTubers that you want to see in videos, like I said, the best way is for all of you to just comment on their stuff so that they see it. Be like, "Do a video with Shane from Fight Tips." Right? Because otherwise, I send videos to these people all the time, uh, emails to them all the time and hear nothing back. So, strength in numbers. All right, guys. Thank you.