Kind: captions Language: en This 6second video went viral. I want to know what you think about this style of padwork. This is Luke the Chef Lesey preparing for his big match November 7th on Amazon Prime against Nico Curillo. And in preparation for this match, Luke has been whooping my ass. &gt;&gt; That's crazy. So, in this video, I want to talk about my style of pad work, some common mistakes, and uh yeah, this video went viral with about 7 million views. And with all the love comes some negativity. We got some people saying, "Luke drops his hands. He's got no power on his shots." And to those people, I say, "Yo, why don't you invest in a pair of pads and start holding for people and you can charge money, make a career out of this." In fact, you can get a pair of mits for free from Revgeear because they are giving away five $200 gift cards. All you have to do is click the link in the description, enter your email, no strings attached. Listen, I met up with the owner, Paul Revlin, out in Utah, and he said, "Chain, I'm a big fan. Can I send you some free gear?" I said, "Absolutely." He said, "Can I give $1,000 away to the Fight Tips followers?" I said, "Yeah, let's do it." He said, "You want to make some collab gear?" I said, "You know it." So, click the link, submit your email, and you will be entered to win a $200 gift card to Revge Gear. And if you don't want any follow-up emails when we tell you there's new Fight Tips gear coming out, then all you got to do is unsubscribe. So, when it comes to pad holding, the number one mistake that I see is this. If you want to get knocked out holding pads, all you got to do is bring the pads together and as your partner throws the kick, reach for it. Boom. And you're going to get smoked right in the face. Instead, you got to hold like Nico's coach, JP Gallagher, or Luke's head coach, Bob Peach. Or Luke's dad, Dean Ley, who's been Luke's coach since he was four years old. All of these guys are tremendous coaches, tremendous pad holders. And you'll notice that when they hold for round kicks, they bring their knuckles to their chest. They make an A-frame with the pads, and they let the kick come to them, hiding their elbows, keeping their shoulders back instead of reaching for the kick. If your partners are still holding like this for your round kicks, they are doing you a disservice and they are putting themselves in danger. Now, when it comes to padwork, you need to identify what is the goal that you're trying to achieve for your athlete. Is it conditioning focused? Is it kick focused, boxing focused, defense focused? Are you focused on counters, on footwork, whatever it may be, there's different tools of the trade. So, if I'm holding for kicks, I got my tie pads. If I'm focused on boxing, I got focus mitts. If I want to mimic a fighter, then most of the time I've got a belly shield on, a leg shield on, shinuards, and boxing gloves because I want to be able to throw punches back at my partner. Now, Revgear actually has some cool pad glove hybrid called a Phoenix glove, so that you can actually hold for shots and throw punches back, which is perfect for my style because I like to study and mimic opponents so that I can give realistic looks and work on strategies to develop for the actual fight itself. Different athletes, different clients, different goals, different padwork. But let's break down this viral video because a lot of people were asking about what was the actual combination and what was the theory behind it. So, we're going to break it down slow, step by step, so that you can hit this combo yourself. So, this time next week, we're going to be in Thailand. We're going to be holding pads. And to all the people who say that Luke doesn't hit hard, I say, "How you going to tell me?" I I think he hits pretty damn hard. And I think his opponents that he's knocked out would agree that he hits pretty hard. And since he's been training so often, he knows not to overconern himself with power. Because when you do, you start to load up on your shots. You're slower, and you're less accurate. But when you can control your timing, you can remove your telegraph, and you can be more accurate with your shots, guess what? You're going to do more damage. You're going to land more shots, and you're going to get more knockouts. So, let's break down the theory behind what we're doing here. The first part of the combination is a hook jab with the same hand. And we're already starting to throw same side doubles. So hook, jab, same side. And we're already starting to hit that halfbeat tempo, right? So let's break that down. If I were to go jab, cross, jab, cross, that would be an even beat, one beat, right? If I throw a a handcuff punch, meaning imagine you have handcuffs around your your your hands and you throw a jab cross bop, that's going to get that half beat. I can also get that halfbeat if I go hook jab bop bop. Okay, even if that first punch doesn't land, even if it hits the inside of the wrist of the left hand, knock it out of the way and create an opening. Or if I down on this hand and create an opening on his right hand. So, hook jab, awesome way to start a combination. even if you just punch to the towards the eyid line and get a flinch reaction. And I immediately want you to follow with that handcuff cross after the jab. So the first three punches, hook, jab, cross. And you can see the rhythm is very fast here. We're going to add on a fourth strike, which is going to be the low kick. So it's going to be left, left, right, right. And we should be able to get four strikes in just where most people would be throwing two. So a jab, cross, beat now becomes a hook, jab, cross, low kick. And you can hear it if I throw it and make connection on Bob. One more time. Now, this is where the combo becomes very chef, very Luke Ley. So after he hits the low kick, he's going to shift his weight back and then immediately follow up with what he calls the spot kick or just a no switch lead roundhouse kick to the body. Okay, this one's going to take some practice to find the weight transfer, but a great way again to hit that quick tempo off of two kicks. So, if we add this to the beginning, it's hook, jab, cross, low kick, body kick, and then he shifts back into southpaw. Immediately when this foot hits the ground, we lift it back up to start the scissor of the flying knee. As the knee comes down, he steps forward into the elbow. So again, let's break this down. It's hook, jab, cross, low kick, body kick, southpaw, knee, step forward into the elbow. And then he just adds a little flare to the end with a spinning heel kick. &gt;&gt; One more time in full hook, jab, cross, kick, kick to the flying knee, step forward into the elbow, and then shine them on with the spinning round kick. This time next week, we're going to be in Thailand, Luke Lesey versus Nico Carillo in Lupini Stadium. It is of the highest honor to be in Luke's corner again for this match. I wish nothing but health and good skill to both of these athletes. Do not miss this fight. Add it to your calendar now November 7th on Amazon Prime. Sign up for the Revge Gear giveaway. And if you're looking for more padwork tips and tricks and programs to follow, make sure you sign up for Magnus to get access to those. I'm curious, who do you got winning? Comment down below. Let us know if you are team Luke, team Nico. And yo, if you hit this combo and you capture it on video, share it and use Luke Lycombo. And then I'll hit up Paul of Revgear and say, "Yo, can we bump this guy up? Can we maybe throw him some free stuff?" So, I don't know. We'll see. We'll see if that happens. But, yo, hit that combo. Practice it. Thank me later.