Kind: captions Language: en Look everybody, I get it. I understand why you wear your shorts as low as you do right at the knee or just above the knee because you're afraid to show off a little bit of leg. You don't want people to see how pasty white your legs are. Look, no one's got whiter legs than me. One of the things I love about Muay Thai is it really doesn't matter what you look like. I have seen some giant behemoth looking motherers get their asses handed to them by guys who are rather unassuming looking because muscles don't win fights. At the end of the day, what matters is can you [music] fight? But what's funny is beginners will walk into a Muay Thai gym and they don't realize that people are judging them based on how low they wear their shorts. So by the end of this video, I'm going to have you rolling your shorts up once, maybe twice if you really want to up your Muay Thai skills because I'm telling you, the moment you start to roll your shorts or maybe you go for the tuck, I think the tuck looks better. Your skills are going to increase. I'm going to make it make sense. I'm also going to be talking about ways that you can increase the size of your quads and also talk about, you know, maybe why you're a little insecure about it. And really, it's no big deal. And we're going to be discussing that and more with the brand new limited edition fight kit brought to you by Revgear. For the first time ever, you can get Fight Tips branded Muay Thai shorts and the matching dry fit T. But listen, once these sell out, they are sold out for good. The design of these Revgear shorts are really nice because the cut is naturally going to lift the sides. So, you're going to have to expose a little bit of leg, but what that's going to do is not restrict any of your movements. You're going to be able to throw those high [music] kicks. And the durability on these are very nice. I'm wearing a size medium. I could probably get away with a size small. Just for reference, I'm 5'8 at 160 lbs. And then over here, we've got the Sakyan. And this particular design that's used on the dry fit shirt and shorts is known as the pay. [music] It's a tie phrase meaning eight directions. It's a symbol believed to offer protection from all sides. The dry fit shirt is nice enough to wear with a pair of jeans to go watch the fights, but it's also durable enough if you want to wear it when you train. [music] If you've ever benefited from fight tips and you'd like to support the channel, this is a great way to do so. Or if there's a fighter in your [music] life, surprise them with one of the coolest gifts you can get them some Muay Thai shorts and matching dry fit tea from Fight Tips and Revge Gear. [music] If nobody in your gym is doing this, everybody in your gym is wearing ball shorts and they're not rolling their shorts. Be the spearhead that goes in and goes, "Yo, I think I'm going to roll my shorts up today." People are going to make fun of you once, twice, short, shorts. Oh, cool. Guess what? Your kicks are going to be better. There's going to be less restriction when you lift your leg up. I don't want to feel anything. I want to be totally free to be able to throw my kicks. Check. throwing knees, working the clinch. Everyone wishes they had bigger quads. Everyone wishes they look like Sula Black. But here's the reality is Sula Black's doing squats for sure, and we're going to talk about ways to make your legs bigger, but he's not trying to gain mass. He's not doing super heavy lifts and eating a ton of food because fighters have to keep their weight as low as possible. He was just born with genetically gifted massive legs. But tell me this, what do you think looks better? What makes my legs look bigger? when I wear my shorts down here like this or when I start to roll them up, right? It actually complements your body and it makes your legs look bigger because you don't have the contrast of the wide leg from the shorts. And if you have a religion that restricts you from showing off your legs, even more reason to roll your shorts up. You got the tights on underneath. You can roll them bad boys up. Now, let's talk about ways that you can get bigger legs. The moment I started adding deli squats into my regimen, my legs started to gain definition. So, those two things, rolling my shorts up and doing 50 squats a day, every single day. Break them into sets if you have to. And then do variations of that. It could be side lunges, it could be goblet squats, it could be lunges, it could be jump lunges, it could be bounce lunges. You could hit the calves and do cal raises. Anything where you start to feel that fatigue, embrace that. 50 might be hard in the beginning, but you'll work up and you'll get more comfortable with it. But it's those two things, guys. I'm telling you, it's rolling your shorts up and being confident there. Because if you walk into a gym for sparring and you're wearing your shorts down here like this, guess what? Everyone's going, "That guy's an easy spar. I'm not worried about him." They're worried about the guy that's like this. But here's the other here's the last the last tip is I like even more than the roll. I keep this the way it is. I do the tuck and I tuck it either rolling the bottom into my underwear or jock straps going to have a tighter elastic. So, when I got my cup on, I roll it into the or I tuck it into the the jock strap band and that keeps it right here. Or you do it midway and you you do it this way and then you get a cool middle ground and just makes your shorts look a little bit more professional. Then you can start to rip kicks from here and you're going to earn a little bit more respect. Like I said, if no one in your gym does this and they're all wearing basketball shorts and socks, be the spearhead that walks in one day and you go, I'm going to roll my shorts up. I'm telling you, let people be resistant to it. And then eventually someone's going to do it the following week and then the whole gym's going to be like that by the end of the month. All right, one last thing. I want to go on a rant here about this picture that's been floating around the internet. Um, oh, and side note, I do like to tuck my shirt in. Icy Mike tried to make fun of me once for always tucking my shirt in. Personally, I think it's way more aesthetic and there's also some function to it, too, right? If someone throws a teepee, they're less likely to get their foot stuck in my shirt. Anyway, the the picture that's been circulating on the internet for like over a decade, I think. Um, a lot of people see this as like the quintessential Muay Thai picture. This one right here. Have you seen this? Of course you have. Everybody has. Do you think it's a cool picture? Because I did a poll on Instagram and it was 5050 split. this might and apparently it was controversial for me to say, but I don't think this is a cool picture. And no offense to that guy, right? He's just doing his job. I don't know if he's a Muay Thai fighter or not, but there's a couple of different reasons why I don't love this picture. Uh the first one being it's like a professional photo shoot in front of one of those backdrops that you would get done as a kid in elementary school. He's not like in a fight or in a gym. Um also, it's a white guy. Uh Muay Thai. I feel like it should be a tie guy, but he's got his monol on. He's got his armbands, his progods, and that's cool. He's paying respects. But also, what is that technique that he's doing? Do you throw knees like that, right? Like, if you're throwing a right knee to the body or to the head, do you rotate your shoulders to the right? I'll be honest, I used to throw knees like that exclusively until I started to get pretty good at Muay Thai. And now I almost never do that. Maybe in positions where I've got like an under hook and I'm grabbing the back of the head, hyperextending the arm, and I got to get a little bit more range. But if I'm throwing straight knees, long knees, I'm looking to control wrist, head, or stay covered up. And I'm going same side shoulder forward when I throw my knees. Boom. Anyway, I'm nitpicking, but I think this picture would be so much cooler if homeboy rolled his shorts up once or twice. Anyway, no offense to that guy. He looks great.