Kind: captions Language: en On June 19th, Mexico meets Japan in the Kombate Global Cage, better known as Laala. Two fighters shaped by centuries of combat culture. And I'm here to find out what makes one of them, Melissa Amaya, such an outstanding modern-day warrior. [Music] June 19th isn't just a fight. It's two fighting cultures in collision carried by two modern warriors with deep roots and strong tribes. I wanted to know what drives Melissa's fight style. So, I stepped into her world and her strength and conditioning circuits with Dr. Dylan Ley at DL Training are, as expected, insane. But it's calculated down to the every minute detail. Every rep increasing her chances of winning her next fight against Nagumi Sugioto. Her head coach Rick Little at Sikjitsu has helped sculpt her extra crisp boxing, accentuating her killer instincts and reaction time. All attributes of a great athlete, which for Lamba were originally cultivated on the basketball court. Warrior DNA isn't just built in the gym. Melissa rides horses. She snowboards. She lives with intensity and joy. She calls her husband her adventure partner and when she talks about mental health, she sees the fighter in everybody because she's walked that road, too. So, I started failing when I was 16. Uh, I tried anti-depressants in college. Worked like a like a beauty the first time and then stopped working. And I think this was about three years ago, three or four years ago, where it reached the point where I was having crying spells. I always had suicidal ideation just like, "Oh, there's a car going 70 miles per hour. I could just walk in front of it." Not that I wanted to, but I those thoughts were always going through my head almost like, "What am I going to have for dinner tomorrow, you know?" So, I decided to go to a ketamine clinic, which from the first infusion, I kid you not, my brain was always busy and I didn't realize it until after that one. It felt like you could hear a pin drop in a room. It was like I'm waiting for something. It's just quiet. I was like, is this how normal people are? Wow. Yeah. So, this is my first fight actually feeling comfortable, inviting my family, uh, friends, my husband, like, and that's a place mentally in my heart that I've never been in. Melissa Amaya isn't just here to win. She's here to enjoy the ride with her people. This isn't just a matchup. This is warrior versus warrior. Two systems of preparation, two stories, two teams, and two fighters willing to risk it all. Tune in to Combate Global this Thursday for Mucho Mas Axion. action-packed fights live and free right on their YouTube channel at 8:00 p.m.