Kind: captions Language: en I'm really starting to hate the expression leave your ego at the door, right? Gym owners, coaches use this all the time. Usually, it's a lazy way of saying don't go too hard in sparring or in rolling. But what do they really mean by it? And here's the thing, like I just said this the other day in class. If you're not the best in the room, how can you really be the best in the world? So, I understand when you get tagged, you want to tag them back. But, but we we got to take care of each other and we got to try to at least suppress the ego. And ironically, I'm hearing this from the same coaches that bash people for being an influencer, right? They're like, they're sharing content on Instagram, they're uploading stuff to YouTube, and the coach is upset at them. First of all, that's free promotion for you. Yeah. Instead of discouraging them from posting stuff, you should just make some clear guidelines. Like, if you're going to post, make sure you do it in a tasteful manner. This is for everybody listening. Like, I want you to record yourself and share that stuff. If you want to get recognized by big MMA organizations, you want to build a personal brand, you want sponsors to find you and make money doing what you love, guess what? You got to be on Instagram and YouTube and everything else, but you got to do it the correct way. Meaning, you have to be a good student. Give credit where it's due. Where did you learn that technique? And also be a good teammate. So, if you're going to record sparring, you better get permission from the coach before you bust out that camera and from your teammates. And before you post anything, get permission from your sparring partner and anybody else in the background of that video. Now, believe me, I started fight tips 20 years ago. 14-year-old Shane. Luckily, I had a strong moral compass back then because of the taekwond do student creed. But, you know what really saved me was having a strong mission statement. You know what fight tips is all about? Making people better. make people better through martial arts. So, every post that I do, every email that I write, every video that I upload, I ask myself that question. I want to inspire others and I want to pay it forward the same way that my coach has helped me. And with every video that I upload, it's basically just a journal entry showing my progress throughout my martial arts journey. I say, "Hey, this is what works for me, and I hope that it'll help you, too." Disclaimer, guess what? You start uploading footage to Instagram, tutorials to YouTube, what's going to happen? The haters are going to come out. Believe me, I I've seen it all. From the comment section, people claiming, "Shane, you're not a world champion. You're just a fraud." To the multipletime coach of the year trying to publicly slander my name in front of 200 people at a seminar, right? Saying that I steal information from other coaches and claim that it's my own for for monetary gains. Uh, careful coach, you dropped your insecurity and your jealousy is showing, right? Like I said, if you have a strong moral compass and you have a clear mission statement, and this is just for your success in general, why do you want to be a worldclass champion fighter? Why do you want all of these followers? Why do you want a big brand? As long as you have a clear, honest, good mission statement, then you ain't got to worry about the haters at all. I'm going to start doing more content creation tips for fighters, so follow for more.