Kind: captions Language: en There is literally only one martial art that favors the smaller fighter. I am wearing Bury right now, which is perfect because it is built for exactly these type of movements that we're going to be exploring in today's video. We're going to be ranking the least to most effective martial arts so that you can stop wasting your time with these fake martial arts and actually train for a street self-defense scenario. In fact, later on, I'm going to challenge a two-time national sumo champion to see if I can rely on footwork and technique and my Muay Thai clinch to beat him with finesse or does size really matter in a fight. Now, before we explore the best martial arts, I'm going to cross a few off the list. I'm talking about some myths, some ineffective martial arts that work well in movies but not in real life. So, I spent the last weekend at FYCON in Salt Lake City with Rous Leo. You know the guy from the Ultimate Self-Defense Championship. He spent his whole life studying Iikido until one day he said, "I want to put this to the test." And he went to an MMA gym, challenged an MMA fighter, and got his ass kicked as expected. In theory, Iikido sounds great for the smaller guy. Right? Use people's momentum against them, use wrist and joint manipulation to knock them on the ground while you stay standing, perfect. But in reality, to be able to catch someone's hand out of the air while they're trying to punch you, especially someone who's trained, do wrist locks work? Absolutely. But when someone is trying to take you down, when they're trying to choke you out, when you're trying to land body shots and leg kicks, the chance of you catching their limbs out of midair, highly, highly unlikely, if not impossible. I I don't mean to upset you, but the sooner that you recognize this, the sooner you'll be able to train in more effective martial arts. So, let's start to list those off. Speaking of things that actually hold up under pressure, when it comes to self-defense, you don't have time to warm up or put your fight trunks on, but with Viori, you can trust that the fit and quality is ready for just about anything. Whether I'm shadow boxing, running, or exploring, I prefer active wear like these core shorts. They're super comfortable. They got a flexible fit and have the perfect pocket room for carrying my stuff. The Stratech T and Seaside pullover hoodie are super soft, high quality, and they look great. I just feel so comfortable and confident when I'm wearing these clothes. They're a perfect fit. And it's finally getting colder out, so Vuri also has sweatpants and joggers that are built to perform in tough workouts, but comfortable enough to wear all day long. Whether you're looking for max comfort while traveling or a more polished look, Vury has clothes that are nice enough to wear to the fights and comfortable enough to wear if you're warming up for a fight. Very designed for movement, built for life, and made with intention from fit to fabric. Earn some style points and move with confidence. Click the link in the description to visit the Vury shop and update your look. Now, as I mentioned in the beginning, there's literally only one martial art that favors the small person, and it's parkour. because you're able to get into smaller spaces, crawl under, climb over things more easily than a larger person would. Also, your acceleration is going to be a little bit quicker. You may not be faster than a sprinter when it comes to distance, but you should be able to cut angles and change direction more quickly, which is going to make it harder for your attacker to catch you. However, what if you're trapped on a bus and you get in a fight? What if you're in an elevator? Now, here's the other thing is most attacks happen indoors, usually domestic attacks. husband and wife, boyfriend, girlfriend, partners, family members, and usually you're not going to have a chance to jump over a fence if you're in a bedroom or a living room. So therefore, I'm going to have to nyx parkour because in those scenarios, we're going to have to go to handtohand combat. And listen, I don't mean to upset anybody or call any styles out, but I'm also going to put kung fu and Wing Chun down here with Iikido. Great for discipline, beautiful arts, but when it comes to a real self-defense or street fight scenario, I just do not think they are realistic or effective. You need to train in styles that are going to give you real resistance where your partner is trying to win. They're trying to take you down, choke you out, put you down with body shots. If you're not feeling that pressure in your training because it's choreographed, guess what happens when it's not choreographed and you're out on the streets and someone is actually trying to hurt you? Yeah. So again, I'm trying to help you in this scenario so that you don't have to find out the hard way. So let's take a look at some of those styles. Next on the list, karate or taekwondo. Now, I'm going to group these together because you've likely trained in one of these because there's hundreds of dojoos within every major city. Now, there's different styles of these disciplines and some more realistic than others. And again, it comes down to their training, comes down to the instructor and how they're running their classes. How hard is your sparring? How hard are you getting hit? How much resistance are you feeling? Now, karate taekwond do great for stance switching, great for kick dexterity and flexibility and discipline, but again, are you getting real strikes being thrown at your face like you're going to get in a street fight? And if you're not feeling that pressure, if you're not getting acclimated to that stress in training, then you're not going to be ready for it when it comes time in a street fight. Now, again, the bigger person is going to be at an advantage because two reasons. One, they're going to hit harder, and two, your hits aren't going to hurt them as much. I wish this wasn't the case. Believe me, I like to rely on my technique and and sharpen my sword so that I can be the best version of myself. But Sensei, Seth and I, we hit the score pad and guess what happened? Guess what the results were? We threw the exact same techniques. He doubled my score every single time. Now, that's not because he trains karate and I train taekwondo and karate's better. We both have good technique. He just has 100 pounds extra on me. So, of course, he's going to hit harder. So, if we go strike for strike in a match, he's going to be able to hit harder. He's going to be able to do more damage and he's going to be able to take more damage because of his size. Can you kick in a street fight? Absolutely. If you've been practicing it, is there a puncher and a kicker's chance even for the small guy? For sure. But still, for these reasons, I'm going to put taekwond do and karate still relatively low on this list. Let's continue to look at striking. And next, I'm going to go with both boxing and Muay Thai within the same group. Growing up in Philadelphia, you go to a boxing gym, you're hard sparring. It's going to feel like a fight. And I've taken more damage in sparring than I have in my actual boxing matches. The benefit to this is you get acclimated to that stress and that adrenaline. You know what it's like to fight with a bloody nose. You know what it's like to take a body shot and have to power through. The running, the bag work, the mits, and the sparring is great for conditioning. But just like those kicks in karate and taekwond do, size matters. That's why just about every combat sport has weight divisions. Now, if you want to talk about Muay Thai, absolutely great for conditioning and versatility. You're learning not just punches, but kicks and elbows and knees. And the clinch is great for a street fight. But when I clinch with people that are much bigger than me, guess what? I'm at a severe disadvantage. Now, with these striking arts, is there a puncher's chance or a kicker's chance? Can the small guy wing a shot, catch the big guy on the chin, and knock him out? Yeah, absolutely. There's a chance, but guess who has the better chance? The bigger guy. And so, let's take a look at some grappling styles. Because, as it's been branded, jiu-jitsu is the martial art designed for the smaller fighter. If my memory serves me correctly, Helio Gracie said that a jiu-jitsu blue belt should be able to beat an untrained fighter, no matter their size. The thing is, jiu-jitsu is pretty popular these days. So, if you go up against another blue belt or higher and they're bigger than you, what's going to happen right now? Listen, I'm not knocking jiu-jitsu. In fact, it's very high on the top of my list because of things like heel hooks and because of understanding leverage. But, is it the best martial art? Let's talk about the elephant in the room, literally. So, I asked Sensei Seth to give me a crash course on sumo and then I challenged him to a couple of rounds. And if you don't know Sensei Seth, you got to go follow his channel. He is an excellent striker. He's a two-time national sumo champion. He's constantly challenging himself, learning different styles of martial arts and competing in them as well. And he's just an awesome dude. Part of sumo is just being strong as you possibly can. So, I will try to pick you up, twist the foot, and I will take you from here and drive you. You pick up rotate now. Maybe like I drive step. You come in and he like pulled like a a pull counter. Boom. Slapped him. And the Georgian guy drops and loses &gt;&gt; like Kota. &gt;&gt; Yes. I would call it a TKO. Sumo. You're not exactly slow. You don't have the same cardio as a wrestler might have, but you're trained for a fast fight. You want the fight to be over as quick as possible. &gt;&gt; Street fight. &gt;&gt; Great for a street fight. &gt;&gt; You have a knife. I have higher body fat percentage. You think that &gt;&gt; you stab me, you are at least for me going through that much more body fat &gt;&gt; before I get to organs. &gt;&gt; Before you get to organs and then muscle mass too. &gt;&gt; So I mean probably for me &gt;&gt; like that shatter the knife on you &gt;&gt; honestly. Yeah. Yeah. The knife would bend and then crack and then &gt;&gt; have to buy a new knife. &gt;&gt; Okay. You want to do a round? &gt;&gt; Let's do a round. &gt;&gt; Okay. [Music] Okay. [Music] reverse triangle. Reverse triangle. &gt;&gt; Uh, so that went as expected. And yes, listen, there are some really good highlevel small sumo wrestlers. But again, when it comes to percentages and chances, do you really want to be a small guy in a big guy sport? Do you think a guy my size if I try to pull guard or go for a heel hook &gt;&gt; against me? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you'd be fine. Kevin Lee's heel hooked me. No, &gt;&gt; you stay away from my legs, Dad. &gt;&gt; No, no, no, no, no. [Music] &gt;&gt; Nice. Dang it. &gt;&gt; What would you say is the style that beats the sumo wrestler? &gt;&gt; Jojo. just a just a wrestler style. &gt;&gt; I mean, even jiu-jitsu would be tough. &gt;&gt; And I listen, I digress because I'm a small fry. I'm 5'8. I'm 155 pounds. And I want to believe that I could sidekick anybody or out angle anybody or rely on my footwork or speed, and I will when the time comes. But there is one martial art, there is one style that I think truly prepares you better than all of these. And if you're not practicing it, um, you're lying to yourself. Uh, it's wrestling. There's no better martial art than wrestling that's going to build your conditioning. That's going to help you understand leverage and disrupting people's base and taking people down and controlling them once they're actually on the ground. And I know what you're going to say is that you don't want to go to the ground on a street fight, but realistically, most of them do. So, don't you want to be in a good position and have familiarity when you're actually there? I've got proof. So, I challenged Seth, who destroyed me. Seth challenged Giorgio. You know Giorgio, the guy who walks around with a sign that says, "Take me down, win $1,000." And Giorgio is significantly smaller than Seth in both height and weight. I think Seth had almost 100 pounds on him. And I'm not going to spoil the results, but I think you're going to be surprised at what happens. Now, here's the secret sauce is that it's not just one style. You can't just train wrestling because if you go against someone who's got a good guillotine, a good heel hook, and you have no idea what they're doing, then even if you're a great wrestler, you could get caught in a submission. or if you run into an uppercut or a knee to the face, doesn't matter how good your takedowns are if you're knocked out. Okay? And that's why you have to blend your styles. Now, I want to get your honest feedback on this, but this is my ratio of how I would mix the different styles. I think you should have a really strong wrestling base. I feel it is essential to have some jiu-jitsu or judo so that you understand joint locks and chokes, submissions so that if at a minimum you know how to prevent them from happening to you. Then you have to have striking because again a puncher's chance you go to the ground they can still throw punches, elbows and before it gets taken down if they have some wrestling background to be able to stuff your shot and then they start throwing punches. You have to have that sparring experience in a boxing gym or a Muay Thai gym so that you're not flinching and turn away. I can't tell you how many wrestlers, highlevel wrestlers, have come into our MMA gym and once they start sparring and punches start flying, they just completely freeze up, turn away, flinch, and their wrestling is now ineffective because they don't want to close that gap. I'm a proud black belt in Taekwondo. I incorporate it in my Muay Thai all the time, and I think it's what differentiates my style from other traditional Muay Thai fighters. Do I think it's better than Muay Thai? No, not when it comes to a realistic competition or a street fight. But I do use it as supplementation and having a little bit of an edge with my kicks. And for that reason, it has a much smaller percentage here on this chart. Before you comment and say, "I would just use my gun." What if you're on a plane? What if you're at a concert? What if someone knocks the gun out of your hand? What if you're fighting 11 people and you only have 10 rounds? I just I'm saying don't rely on the gun, the tool. Make your body the weapon. Train with us online. One of the best ways to dip your feet into the water is to join our live streams. We've got no ghee n jiu-jitsu. We've got Muay Thai classes, boxing classes.