Kind: captions Language: en But when it comes to slipping, bobbing, weaving, rolling, pulling punches, you have to move your head as fast as someone can throw a punch. So, I think about headbutting the air. That's how fast I'm moving. Otherwise, you're going to get smoked. Think about your headbutting a trampoline. Boom. It's not slip and then go. It's way too much time. Think about how fast someone can jab and pull it back. I need it to be orang. Got the old school fight tips vibe for you today because we're focused on head movement specifically for a street self-defense scenario. This thought occurred to me when I was in the airport. I was flying in for Kate Global. By the way, if you missed the live stream yesterday, some absolutely incredible fights, back and forth striking, excellent knockouts. Make sure you go watch it. But this is how this thought really occurred to me was that head movement is probably the most overlooked defensive skill when it comes to a street fight. Let's talk about it. In a airport, we don't have to worry about firearms or weapons. So, it really is just handtohand combat. So, I want to cover three concepts to make sure that you are becoming untouchable. Cuz we all know a single punch can end a fight. We see it in boxing, but we see it more commonly in MMA, small glove Muay Thai, bare knuckle boxing, and of course in street fights. So before we get into these three concepts, remember head movement is done defensively to make someone miss so that you can counter or head movement is built in as you're throwing your offense so that you're not getting clipped on the way in. That brings us to our first concept, which is take the target away. The pull counter is probably the most common head movement that you're going to see in a street fight video or the highest level of boxing. Floyd Mayweather's signature move, right? Stick the chin out. When they fall for the bait, you take the target away and you counter them. But also, Floyd takes this to another level where he leans forward and to the right and when he pulls, he goes back and to the left. And that's because of the concept of arcing punches, right? Coach Trevor Whitman talks about the danger zone. He calls it the hula hoop range. This is where hooks and overhands come in. So if someone comes chopping with an overhand right, Floyd knows that by going not just back, but back and to the left is going to take him out of that danger zone. Side note, that's why I always say if someone sticks their chin out, hit them to the body. So this hula hoop concept is a great visual because now you realize that you're safe on the outside, too far away, you're safe underneath, you're safe at an angle, and you're also safe if you're too close. Right? I can't hit you with these punches if your head is in my chest. And that's also very important to remember for MMA so that you're not running into knees or kicks to the face. In fact, one of our fighters, Boschan Mack, who just defended his Freedom Fighters title. He's now 11-0, undefeated, has some of the best head movement. I drive nearly 2 hours down to Cherry Hill, New Jersey to Beacon MMA to help out head coach Bob Peach and the rest of the team. And we have a very strong emphasis on head movement and defense. But because of these long drives and the hard training sessions, I have to make sure that I stay fueled. And I make sure that I'm fueled up by today's sponsor, Factor. What I love about these meals is they have over 100 options. They've got steak, they've got shrimp, they got chicken, they've got salads, and the flavor is incredible. The quality of the meat is excellent. Real ingredients, no refined seed oils, no added sugars, none of that artificial junk. The best part, 2 minutes, no prep, no cleanup. Most of the meals have 30 g of protein, some up to 50. So, after training, I'm covered. And they've got flexible options, too. High protein, low carb, calorie smart. They've got gut friendly stuff. It makes eating well the easiest part of my day. I don't have to think about I just heat it up and then I get right back to work. Head to factor75.com right now or click the link below and use code fight to get 50% off your first box and free breakfast for 1 year. One per box with active subscription. Free meals applied at discount on the first box. New or returning subscribers only. Varies by plan. Sign up today. Try it and let me know your favorite one because I've been rotating these heavily. All right. The most important part of this video is this. If you go watch like a Prince Nasim highlight video and then you go spar that night, you're like, "Yeah, no one's going to touch me. I'm going to slip every single punch. And what's going to happen is you're going to get smoked every single time because their action is faster than your reaction. Right? They have tens of millions of reps with the jab and you've practiced head movement for 5 minutes. Right? Head movement has to be built into your style, into your rhythm, into your offense. You can't just go out there and be like, "Okay, when they jab, I'm going go boom. No way. No way." You have to already be in a rhythm. You have to be able to move your feet. And you have to understand these three concepts. Let's get into number two. So, you've probably heard the expression, don't admire your work. That means you don't want to slip a punch and celebrate too early because there's probably a follow-up punch and that's the one that's going to catch you and knock you out. So instead, you have to keep your head constantly moving. That brings us to our second concept, which is a moving target is harder to hit. Now, there's a drill that I have that helps you get underneath of these punches under the hula hoop range to the outside. Plus, there's counter offense built into it. So, here's the way the drill works. What we're going to do is make sure that we're constantly moving our head non-stop. We're offering some offense back and we're also moving our head while throwing punches like we talked about earlier. So, what we're going to do first is imagine there's a jab coming in. So, we're going to slip. I'm already going to start to layer my defense and keep this lead hand up, but I'm going to imagine that the punch is going to be followed up with a right hand. So, I'm going to pull the right hand. Now, I'm going to offer some offense back. So, I'm going to throw across as I come back. And I'm immediately sitting down to get underneath of the left hook. Now, I'm not going to stand all the way up. I'm going to bob and weave to the opposite direction in case there's a right hook that follows it. And then I'm going to continue this motion. Okay. So, if I do this in full, you can see that my head is in a constant rhythm. It's going side to side. It's going forward and backwards. And it's going underneath of shots. Now, I can start to layer in different offense as I do this. Talking about throwing shots while I slip. I can slip and jab on the first one. Their jab's going to whiff right over top of my head, but they're probably going to follow up still. So, I have to keep my head moving. I'm going to pull the right hand. I'm going to drop this hand, use it as a counterwe so that I can pull right back into my right hand. I imagine their left hook is coming. So, I'm going underneath and I'm throwing my body shot or left uppercut. I'm coming in the opposite direction with my right uppercut. And I do this on repeat. Slip, jab, pull, right hand, uppercut, uppercut, slip, jab, pull, right hand. I can do this in southpaw as well. Now, you can do it in this exact format that I just showed you. Imagine they're going left, right, punches on slip, pull, right hand, duck, duck, and do that on repeat. Or you can change the pattern up because one of the most important aspects of head movement is that you are unpredictable. You don't want them to know what your next movement is going to be. You don't want them to know when your offense is coming and you want to keep that head a moving target because that is what is harder to hit. If you're going to give this drill a try, now's the time to subscribe and hit the alert so that you can get the fight tips before your opponent does. Now, this drill right here isolates the upper body, which brings us to our third concept, which is head movement is multifaceted. It's not just the head that's moving or the shoulders of the upper body. It's also inherently going to be footwork. It's going to be the blocks and the defense that assist. And it's going to be vision, which is probably the most important aspect of all of striking. We're going to get to that first. Let's talk about why footwork is important. Because if I'm back here, you can't hit me. So, I don't have to worry about moving my head. And then also, footwork comes into play, too. If I slip, but I need a little bit more of an angle, watch what happens to my head. If I step, I create more space. It's the same when I go backwards and I pull. If I just lean the upper body back, but I need more space, I'll take my back leg and I'll move that back. If I have to crash forward into range as I slip, I'm going to step my lead foot in and initiate the clinch. So, this is the way that you have to start to think about head movement. It's not just the upper body, it's all of our defense intertwined. Whether I'm teaching a professional mixed martial artist, a bare knuckle fighter, or an 11-year-old that's just getting into boxing, when it comes to head movement, I teach it to them in layers. I talk about getting their head offline, or even more simply, taking the target away. But in addition to that, as we slip a punch, I'm looking to build that positive habit of keeping the hand up. Because if I slip at the wrong time or I miscalculate or they follow up with a different punch, I want to have that added layer of defense with my hand up. But I'll also explain to an 11-year-old that I'm practicing this with that if you want to move your head a little bit faster, then we have to have a little risk versus reward of dropping my hand because it becomes a counterwe that pulls my weight back into my counter punch that much faster. So, I'll teach the good habits first, keep the hands up. Once they develop the strength and the coordination and the eyesight, then I say, "Okay, if you can properly time, you know the patterns, you know their tendencies, when you instigate their jab and that jab comes back, then we can do that slip." Very similar to how we do it with the pull counter. I think about reaching for a railing and I'm pulling myself back into that shot. That's going to make the head movement that much faster, but inherently there's more risk because there's less defense and I'm not covering my head. Now, let's get into the aspect that makes you most vulnerable if you're not practicing it. And it's vision. It's eyesight. It's keeping your eyes open and not flinching when you're in the firefight. Now, it's arguably the hardest skill to train, but it's the most important. And there are drills for it. I'm going to share one with you that I do with my team down at Beacon MMA where we literally move in slow motion and then gradually pick up the pace. And this is a great drill for if your opponent bypasses all of your other layers of defense. They get close enough so your footwork isn't there. They get past your guard so you're not able to parry, block, and defend. And then they get past your head movement and the punch is going to land. I could either brace for it, which is good, or I can literally turn my head and turn my shoulders and take some of the steam off of the punch. You see Canelo doing this. You see some of the best strikers in the world. So, how do they develop this skill? Of course, it's in sparring, but if you slow things down, you can train this in a way that's safe and effective and then gradually pick up the pace so that it translates well into the sparring into the fight. So, you need a partner for this drill. And you're going to stay in a fight stance as they just throw left and right punches sequential, but they're going literally in slow motion like and then we will gradually pick the pace up. But the idea is, let's say a left hook is coming in. I'm going to catalog every frame that I see. I'm looking for the tells. I'm looking at their patterns of their movements of their body. And right as that punch is about to land, I take it and I roll with it and I turn my shoulders with it. And as that momentum comes back, I see maybe they're throwing the right hook and I do the same thing. &gt;&gt; Literally turning your head as the the leather of the glove touches your skin. And now let's see how quickly you can bring your head back. Yeah. Be aware if they throw an uppercut, I don't want to look up at the sky. That's one that I would probably want to pull and make them miss completely. So, sometimes you're making them miss, sometimes you're rolling with the punch. And as the speed starts to pick up a little bit more and you're not there to be able to properly roll with the punch, you may have to rely on your hands a little bit. You may have to then move your feet a little bit. But the idea is to stay in the pocket, keep your eyes open, be comfortable in the fire. This is the best way that you can work your head movement and keep your eyes strong because remember the best strikers in the world are the ones that have the best vision.