Kind: captions Language: en I still got people commenting on my Instagram going, "Yo, if you were serious about deleting your account, you would have done it already." Now, see, I don't want to get sued. I I've got contracts signed. I've obligatory posts that I have to fulfill with these brand partnerships, but I've decided not to take on any more because come May 31st, I'm deleting my account. And not like deleting my app, I'm deleting the entire account. You're going to go to my profile and it's going to say user not found. To which people go, "Why are you doing this, Shane? It's a great business tool." Yeah, I know. I'm going to miss out on a ton of money deleting half a million followers. I got to figure out a way to make ends meet otherwise, but I'm doing this as a form of protest to give you permission to say you can do this, too. Especially the youth, right? Like I don't like this company. I don't like the fact that they facilitate in deepfake child essay content, that they're stealing and selling your information, that they're reading your DMs, not to mention the effect that it's had on my mental health, your mental health, the kids' mental health. And this is your chance now to flip tables, to thumb your nose at these big tech companies and show that you're in control. Follow suit. Do it with me. I want I'll May 31st, someone met it to be like, "Yo, what the hell happened?" That a thousand, 10,000 accounts voluntarily deactivated their account. And this is where people going to go, "Are you deleting your YouTube then, too?" I would love to eventually just disappear off the face of the internet, believe me. But like I said, I got bills to pay, so I'm going to keep the YouTube channel for now. I got a comic book coming out and people This is where people go, "Oh, see, I knew it was a publicity stunt just to sell your comic book." A comic book. I'm not going to track you with a comic book. I'm not going to turn on your front-facing camera and send you notifications with a comic book. I want you to take this physical comic book and go out to the park with your friends and follow along to the martial arts philosophies and tutorials within the comic book. Sorry, I'm trying to help you slow down and live in the present moment. If you want to become a founding member before Old Head becomes a motion picture and a cartoon and a MMO RPG video game, support the Kickstarter. We've got 9 days left. Thanks, everybody. [clears throat] Oh yeah, look at this little phone. Talk about fighting back. Look at this tiny thing. Isn't that hilarious?