Kind: captions Language: en You might not always like your tribe member, but you trusted your tribe member. You knew that your survival was important to them. &gt;&gt; In our modernday society now, the way we live, we don't live in tribes. &gt;&gt; We go from a little box with our nuclear family and we and we get into our movable box to this other box with other people who would never fight or feed us. And then we get back in our box and we sit in front of another box with lights on it and we're just not connected to each other. &gt;&gt; And I I think one of the reasons that martial arts training is so powerful is because it serves as the third space. You ever hear that like term, right? There's there's there's work, there's home, &gt;&gt; there's the third space, you know, and it used to be for a lot of like American history, church. Less people go to church. So, you know, there's this this void of third space, this other place that isn't just your family or isn't just your job. And I think that martial arts training, whether it's self-defense or combat sports or traditional martial arts, serves both as the third space and as the tribe. You're about to watch a podcast with my good friend, Coach Katie Herd, who is the self-defense crab maga instructor and program director over at CSA Gym. And Katie is the reason why I've decided to do a podcast. She encouraged me to do something very casual just like catching up with a friend on the phone but recording it because we do a lot of these conversations and we often talk for 2 to three hours and she said what if you record this and put it on fight tips and see what happens and even though I was a little resistant to it here we are. &gt;&gt; What's up Katie? How you doing? &gt;&gt; Great my friend. How are you? &gt;&gt; I am good. I got uh well, we got six inches of snow outside, which is cool. And um coaching tonight, so I'm not pumped about leaving. I'd rather just be in eating soup and chilling with the dogs. But um &gt;&gt; yeah, it's it's that time of year, man. I'm over here in um Northern California being like, dude, it didn't even hit 60° today. Like, how am I supposed to cope with these Arctic temperatures living in in the tundra? &gt;&gt; It's terrible. I don't know how you do it. &gt;&gt; I Right. I'm I'm trying to survive. My My island blood is is not uh uh built for this. &gt;&gt; I'm, you know, supposed to be hanging out under coconut trees and stuff. &gt;&gt; So, you got your cool CSA jacket on. &gt;&gt; I I do. I do. I know. I can't cover it with my hair. Look at this. &gt;&gt; So sharp. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Are you Are you teaching tonight? &gt;&gt; I am. I am teaching tonight. We'll both We'll both be coaching this evening, man. So, &gt;&gt; yeah. &gt;&gt; You know, um it's a weird it's a weird time of year. like a lot of people are traveling and everything, but um I always try to like make sure we program extra fun stuff to reward all the people who are like, you know, you get out of work when well people with normal people jobs, not like us, and like the sun has set, it's dark, and you just want to go home and hang out with your dog and eat soup. &gt;&gt; Exactly. &gt;&gt; And they show up and train, and I'm like, "All right, well, we got a party then, so make sure it's a good evening, you know." Um, but I I I don't know. I I love it, too. Like I feel like there's um uh it's a it's this transitional weird time, so the people who are still training are like very committed and like in it. &gt;&gt; So, the energy can also be really good, too. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I'm one of those people. I I hate to break routine, especially during times like this, because then I feel it start to stress me out in my everyday life. I'm like, I'm missing something. and I forgot to do something and it's the it's the training. &gt;&gt; Well, and it's also like so much stress. I mean stress relief and like you get the endorphins kicking. You know what I mean? Your body's in this weird place. I feel very affected by even even though it's like you know not actually that cold compared to much of the world. Um, but you know, uh, out of my routine, out of my rhythm, like that transition happens. And I think like training keeps you sane and it keeps you from, uh, being stressed out by all of this stuff and remembering what's important, you know? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Exactly. &gt;&gt; Remember those days when it's like the I don't know, maybe this is the case for you. You don't have kids, but when like there was a large holiday gathering and you would just show up. Just show up, man. just show up. There's food. The stuff is happening. That's not That's not my life these days. So, I got to hit things. So, I keep staying, you know. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um I'm curious how you keep classes fun. Like, what does that look like exactly? Tonight, I um I'm in the part of my curriculum where we're focused on the clinch and it's always a challenge to to make that like approachable for people who are newer members. &gt;&gt; For sure. But then an additional layer is I have a new member, a young lady who's Muslim, so she can't clinch with men. &gt;&gt; So if there's not another girl for her to to clinch with, &gt;&gt; um I have to I have to make the adjustments. So she can hit pads &gt;&gt; with guys, but she can't clinch with them. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um so that becomes a challenge. But I I like that because then that helps me become a better better coach. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. And and as long as I base things that on on tactics and concepts, it's easy to plug and play as opposed to like technique and it's just like you have to get a a collar tie or or a high body lock or something. Instead, it's you have to break posture, you have to knock them off balance, you have to land a knee, and you can still do that without actually getting a hold of of someone. &gt;&gt; Let's talk about setups for clinch entry or make sure that you know you're exiting offline, right? Like you're avoiding the clinch as opposed to entering the clinch. Yeah, &gt;&gt; it really all of those restrictions force you to expand. You know, it's like I think the hardest part with programming anything is when you're just looking at like however it is you program that blank &gt;&gt; canvas &gt;&gt; and you're like there's what do I do? There's so much, you know, with with um it's a little bit different for me because the way that most of my classes, the structure of like a typical class is, you know, just like uh a Muay Thai or kickboxing class, we have a warm-up, but um after the warm-up, it's uh segmented into combives, so you know, the striking element, and then usually there's self-defense technique, so something that's self-defense specific and um and drills mix into there. Now, um, a lot of times, like especially my own background, you know, being, uh, uh, the other love being Muay Thai, um, a lot of it it because self-defense is striking, too, is grappling. So, you know, they they're not quite so regimented and separate. Um but um you know in elements of like keeping things fun um I'll sprinkle in some higher level stuff you know so if it's a if it's a beginner's class maybe we'll work on some intermediate curriculum you know at the beginner level they're kind of learning learning basic chokes how to get out of a headlock um now we'll start talking about hair grabs or bear hugs or stuff or ground fighting um or for intermediate students we'll sprinkle in some weapon work &gt;&gt; um You know, I always have to a lot of times I think as students and as coaches it's like show me something new, do something new when we all know perfection of your fundamentals is is the most important for your progress. It's like uh have you ever seen that meme where there's a staircase and it's like every new student and the the first step on the staircase is like um uh basic footwork uh the jab um you know uh understanding angles and then like there's all these steps and at the very top one it's spinning [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Like the new students like got the foot right on the top step like almost doing the split. &gt;&gt; Oh my god. That's totally like I think we could fall, &gt;&gt; right? Like, show me show me the new thing. Show me the spinning thing. And it's like, man, maybe &gt;&gt; maybe you wanna you want to throw a jab. Uh &gt;&gt; that that uh doesn't make me want to cry, you know? If I had if I had a dollar for every time someone said um and it's like people who are like going into their first match and they're like if I'm doing good I'm going to throw a spinning heel kick. And I'm like if you're doing good why don't you just keep doing the stuff that's working. And then and also how many times have we practiced the spinning heel kick? And they're like uh zero. And I'm like let's throw the jab. Let's work on that. Let's continue to do the stuff that's working rather than and he's like all right well if I'm losing then I'm going to do it. And I'm like, okay, you know, why am I here? &gt;&gt; I am not above any of this. I I sympathize. So, so um I didn't fight long enough to develop that um acumen, that ability to like be connected to my cognitive brain in fights. And all of that to say that like, you know, I always tell my students, I'm like, "Hey, it's okay. You didn't understand what I said. fatigue control uh are inversely proportionate. Fatigue and IQ can be too. So, it's hard to follow directions. I remember very little um of in talking to Coach K in the corner when I was fighting. Um a lot of it is is just a a um you know a like the full adrenaline dump like auditory exclusion the whole thing. But I very vividly remember, do you do you remember back in the day, um, Master Toddy's in Vegas used to have these like super stacked nights. There would be like 42 fights &gt;&gt; in in an evening. And so I was fighting at one of these. It I don't know what number fight it was, but I but it wasn't uh I I wasn't like new. I had fought a few times, right? And um it was but it was like the first night where it was like okay uh uh I was um uh like I think it was my first one without headgear. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; You know so I was like super excited about it and um I vividly remember from the corner Coach K going so you really want to land that Superman huh? Had you had you realized that you were spamming it or was it just that was a &gt;&gt; Yeah, I just I mean but I was just &gt;&gt; not I was Well, you could call it a flow state. Usually flow states result in something successful. Um I was not executing very well, but I like was like I loved the super I still love the Superman. I still love who doesn't love a good Superman, man. Um, but you don't see the Superman in boxing because it's a you need to set it up with kicks. And I was just like, I want to punch this girl in the face with a Superman. And so there was just me like running around a ring, jumping and trying to Superman her and uh and her running away and not landing. Um, and uh I was like, "Sorry, coach." And he's like, "I I don't need you to apologize. I just need you to stop doing that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And um and here's what you do instead. I did I did win because I stopped supermanning. You know, &gt;&gt; you adjusted. Yeah. &gt;&gt; I made I made the adjustment. Um but I Yeah. Yeah. So So I'm not above it. And I get it when students do that and uh you know, you've seen those fights where someone's just like really wanting the spinning heel kick. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And you're like, "My friend, can you can you stop?" &gt;&gt; Oh, the the issue is just like we haven't practiced that. It's a little bit it's a little bit disrespectful when we spend countless hours on proper footwork to land basic punches, basic entries into the clinch. We've we've been working the clinch non-stop. But then for them to go, I want to do something we've never practiced. It's like I understand the Flash and you watch Jason Stathitha movies and you want to look like, you know, some action star, but like I would rather them say, "Hey, hey coach, can we take some time to work on the spinning heel kick? I really like that and I want to understand how to optimize that because I would like to throw that." Then then it's like, "Okay, cool. Yeah, let's work on that." But to just pull that out of your ass is &gt;&gt; Yeah, for sure. It's it's it's really interesting because I think it also goes to um this this interesting point about um like an observation about human nature in that um you know there's so it's so easy it's really well how do I articulate this combat sports fighting is one of those things I feel like that there are so many people who are very sure they would be good and have never done That's a Dunning Krueger effect, right? It's &gt;&gt; the Dunning Krueger. And but it I and and and of course like maybe I'm coming from inside of that so I don't know, but I don't hear that many people who have never um played golf, never swung a golf club like watch someone who is at the top of their game and go do that, you know? Like I could I I think I'm pretty sure I'd be really good at that or look or watch the gymnastics uh watch gymnastics at the Olympics and go I'd probably be really great um on uh the uh I don't even know what those things are called. The the &gt;&gt; the pommel horse. &gt;&gt; The pommel horse. There you go. See, that's I was not built for gymnastics. I had to go toward punchy kicky because uh that kind of athleticism was not natural to me. Um &gt;&gt; could you imagine though, not not to cut you off, could you imagine, you know how like people do these tough man competitions or they go to Thailand and it's it's a ring inside of a bar and they have these drunk tourists that are just like I'm going to get in there and do that. What if there was a league gymnastics like that where it's just like anybody can get up there and do it. Imagine how many injuries there would be. &gt;&gt; Don't I know. Like nobody would do it. They're like, "You're going to break your neck." You know, &gt;&gt; and and yet people are very sure. And I think maybe it's because fighting feels like it's such a a a primal component of being a human being, &gt;&gt; you know, to to we we want to uh uh there's things we instinctively do, you know, we build tribes, we nurture, we like gather, we hunt, and then we fight, right, for for self-p protection, for protection of our tribe. And so people are like, "Well, this is just built into me and if I have the right attitude, um I would just be really good at that." And um it's not true. That's that's why people spend so many hours training and work so hard because it is really hard. Yeah. On the converse end of that, it also makes me think of like, you know, I was I was thinking like we get in a lot of these philosophical conversations about fighting and self-defense. And then on the other end of that, like the gatekeeping that occurs around combat sports, too. uh because like or or or and or self-defense. &gt;&gt; You need to have dedicated your life to this thing for 10 years to build any like basic proficiency to be able, you know, to protect yourself um to be able to participate in this thing and like we're the inroup and I I don't think so. I mean, I think that um human beings have natural proclivities. You know, there are things that come all of us as individuals, there are things that are a little bit easier. There are things that are harder. There are things that are more natural. And and even if you are a practitioner, that probably is true for your sport, right? Like I felt always felt more comfortable with the clinch than I did with footwork. &gt;&gt; You know, like we all have our things that are more challenging or more easy for us. Um, but I don't think that if you're not naturally gifted or if you're not willing to make that the um center of your life that you can't benefit from it. &gt;&gt; Well, yeah. And those are I mean, I think you you hit the nail on the head. It's like when it comes to the act that is so closely linked to human survival, that is fighting. When when we watch anything, we pro they probably like all of us a little bit when we watch golf and gymnastics or motocross or anything, we at least put ourselves in the shoes of thinking like what if what if I got in there and did that? What if I dedicated time to doing that? But I think it's so quick of a thought when it comes to fighting and then your ego kicks in and goes, you know, it's a defense mechanism and you have to believe that you would do good because otherwise now you're you're admitting that you're not safe if you get into that situation and you don't know how to handle yourself. So at at the very least what you could do is convince yourself like I could get in there and do that. I'm better than that person. I've been I I had a fight in the fifth grade and I did well in that. So therefore, I think I could handle myself if someone were to attack me on the streets. But then to take it to the next step of going, maybe not. Maybe I would have to train and dedicate and change my entire lifestyle. That right there I think is where most people fall off &gt;&gt; because because I think even even if they don't understand what it's like the idea of actually going into a gym, &gt;&gt; paying the fees, stepping outside of your comfort zone, going through even just a little bit of discomfort and pain I think just turns most people off. So it's so much easier just to say, "I could get in there and do that. I could beat that guy." or or conversely um I could never do anything like that, &gt;&gt; so I shouldn't even try, &gt;&gt; you know? &gt;&gt; Right. Right. &gt;&gt; And I think that like those are two narratives that get in the way of people um experiencing all of the life potentially life transforming benefits of being a martial artist. &gt;&gt; True. It's like the there's these two stories that you can tell yourself. &gt;&gt; Um, one is I I I would be so good and I wouldn't need to train. Like I've just I've already got it up here. And the other story is um that's not who I am, &gt;&gt; you know, like I I could never do something like that. Um so, you know, I'm just going to look ridiculous. I'm uh it's going to be um a terrible experience. And they they keep themselves, you know, and maybe they like catch like a clip of a fight and there's something inside them that goes, "Oh man, I wish I could do that, you know, no, I could never." or they're walking through a dark parking lot at night and it's like I and they see see someone who gives them &gt;&gt; um you know the the the a bad feeling like something the hairs on the back of your neck stand up and it's like I wish I knew what to do to protect myself but I don't and I can't and I never will. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I never will. Yeah. Yeah. you know, it really like I think that it like that whole idea it's coach and athlete, you know, probably with anything, but I'm the most familiar with martial arts and self-defense is um you know, for that relationship between the coach and the athlete like it's its own special thing, you know, and it's unlike any other relationship in that I've experienced in my life. &gt;&gt; You mean being able to identify each individual's personality traits and and speaking their language? &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, I think I think there's what you have to bring as a coach and then what you have to bring as a student and all of those things have to be there for the relationship to work. M &gt;&gt; um and I think as a student, you know, you have to be open to examining some of those self-limiting narratives, &gt;&gt; whether that's an excess of ego &gt;&gt; um or a comp or a complete lack of confidence. Um, and you have to be willing to like put that aside and just be curious and open to the change and and willing to um take advice from someone who is an expert in it and trust their perspective. And then um as a coach I think you know there's we know be uh I you you more than me but I've had the great fortune of being able to train courses sit in blocks watch seminars from so many amazing um fighters. So, like people with just incredible experience and being a really great practitioner or athlete doesn't make you a coach. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Yeah. And that's that's one of like the most misunderstood facts of the internet is people going, "You're not a championship fighter, so why should I listen to you as a coach?" &gt;&gt; Totally. And it's like because they're not the same skill set at all. &gt;&gt; Yeah. you know, like, you know, uh, do you like do you want to be Muhammad Ali or do you want to be Angelo Dundee? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; They weren't the they weren't the same guy, you know? And and we like, who doesn't love Ali, man? If if you don't, we can't I don't think we could be friends, you know? Um, &gt;&gt; but they but they didn't have the same skill set. And so I think like really you know you can have all of the knowledge um and a lot of times I think that the the the best practitioners like some of the top athletes they were just so naturally gifted that it's really challenging for them to put themselves in the mindset of someone who is not &gt;&gt; right. &gt;&gt; You just do this. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And then it's amazing. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. the person's like, "I'm trying to do that." And they're like, "Everything's wrong." And it's like, "Well, help me." &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; How do I get better at it? And and I and I think like uh you know, the difference between someone who just has the knowledge base and and understands and has all of the information and someone who can transfer knowledge. Those are those are different skills, too. And you need both. you you know you can be great at conveying information but if you don't have the education if you haven't done the study well then you have nothing to share. On the other hand if you don't um know how to uh convey the information in a way that someone's going to be able to receive it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; You know and that takes a lot of emotional intelligence because you know how do they learn? Are they an audio learner? Are they visual? Are they kinesthetic? Do you need to change up your analogies? Do you need to uh figure out like creative ways that they can get, you know, inside of their bodies to make it work because they understand, you know, a lot of times you're like the your students will I they know exactly what you're saying and exactly what you want them to accomplish, but their body isn't doing it yet. And that might just need time and repetition or that might need that might behoove you as a coach to to change up how you're teaching it so that they can um and so like on that level like how do they learn and then also the the like emotional component. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. I kept wanting to cut you off and bring this up. &gt;&gt; No, I want I want I want to hear your perspective because that's where I was going with it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. only because and I just I I wanted to kind of like hammer the points home that you made to to people listening is like um there's what you're talking about is how people learn, but then are they willing to hear that information? Are they willing to try that? Are they willing to try something different um that maybe goes against what they think? Because I had so much experience of being a one-way coach on YouTube. like I was just talking to the camera and then I would put it up there on the internet and if people absorbed that information great and I would get good feedback. Um but I wouldn't really know if it didn't sink in for some people. So, I didn't have that feedback um to be able to have the conversation with someone maybe maybe in textbased but um then when I started to do more in-person coaching, I realized a lot of it is dealing with people's emotions, dealing with um trauma that they've had in their in their past life um and then they brought it into into the gym um into training and then you have to deal with that. So, being a coach isn't just a conveyor of information. And it's also dealing with these different uh different people, different human beings and understanding what and how you speak to them because it's not just audio, visual, kinesesthetic. It's also maybe they just are in a bad mood that day and they don't want to hear what you're telling them. And then it's I can't take that personally because I have to realize that it's something else that's going on in their life. And it's not because I told them that they weren't turning their jab over that they're upset. it's because they didn't like being corrected or they weren't in the mood or they weren't ready for it. And so &gt;&gt; there's just been a a learning curve for me as a coach. Um realizing that and then I've also gotten so far to the point with certain people where I realized we're just not compatible. Like I've had to let I've had to let people go that were clients of mine or athletes that I just had to talk with them. And it was kind of like a three strikes you're out kind of thing. And it was like, "Don't get fights without talking to me first. Um, don't put words in my mouth. Don't call me a liar." And it's things like that. And it's like, if you're not going to follow the direction and there's not going to be that mutual respect, then we can't continue working together because ultimately I need to make sure that you're safe and you're prepared before you get in there and fight another human being. And if you're not following the direction, even though you've asked me to be the coach, then it doesn't make sense for me to continue down this path with you. Have you ever had anything like that before? &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. Yeah. All the Yes. To all of the above. My brain is going in like 18. Like you you you're you're spitting gold here, Shane. &gt;&gt; But I think this is just one thing that people don't consider when they go like, "Oh, I could be a fighter or I could be a coach or I'm looking for a coach." And it's like what kind of baggage are you bringing with you? And then for these people that are aspiring to be coaches, it's like are you ready for this? Because you kind of play therapist a little bit. A lot of it &gt;&gt; for a thousand. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So So you know, I think that I'll anchor like all there's a lot of thoughts. So you know, cut me off when when I need to shut it, Shane. Um but to anchor this idea in like in terms of for this relationship to work because this relationship, this coach athlete bond is so special. Like I said, it's it's unlike other things, right? I mean, yes. Are some people um trained by a family member? Sure. &gt;&gt; Most people their coach is not someone they're related to. So, you don't have to be in each other's lives. This is a voluntary situation. We have chosen to be in each other's lives in this very special capacity. I pick you, you pick me, and it has to go both ways. &gt;&gt; Yeah. um you know you're uh yes um some people uh are coached by their romantic partner most of us are not you know like &gt;&gt; there there isn't that other relationship and in my opin I've never um you know dated uh a coach in my life um but I got to tell you even just like doing pads with my husband like the first two years that we start cuz we met first playing rugby and then we started Ed training together like around the same time. I started with Krab Magga. He started with jiu-jitsu. We both started doing Muay Thai right around the same time and we were we were fighting around the same time. The first two years we were training we couldn't partner. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Couldn't partner because he would like correct me and I'd be like, &gt;&gt; "Oh, I have a gym in my house and I can't train with my wife." &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's just like &gt;&gt; it's like you should throw the kick this way. And it's like no, I shouldn't. It's like okay, never mind. do 10 kicks. No, &gt;&gt; absolutely. How about you vacuum? How about that? Um, so, you know, it's it's it's right. That's a that's that's a whole I'll put aside that topic, but you know, it can be really hard because there's these there's, you know, in in um uh caregiving or like mental health care services, it's called a dual relationship. And um you know you have to be careful of those because like what's my job in the relationship if we're um uh if I'm also uh your romantic partner and I'm not saying that can never work out co you know you know you're you know say Marie wanted to start training um and and you were going to coach her. I'm not saying it couldn't work but I'm going to say it's going to be hard because you have a dual relationship. there are these two things competing and and it's much easier when you don't have that &gt;&gt; um because the you're you know you're not tethered by um blood ties by romance you're just two people who chose each other &gt;&gt; and there has to be at its foundation a whole lot of trust and shared goals and I think that trust component because um as a coach you have to be able to say I trust this person to bring them into my community &gt;&gt; to expose um my other students to them. You know, I'm I'm putting at risk their safety and their mental, you know, well-being and just, you know, on a lower level, making sure they're having a good training time. Um I I have to trust you um that you uh have good intentions and that you want to learn. Um and then, you know, the athlete has to trust you. You have my best interest at heart. you are you are doing everything that you can to um make sure that I progress, you know, and that's I'll never I never call my students clients like even when you know I I do some of the the admin stuff um at CSA and a lot of marketing education uses the term client and it always like gives me a visceral ick &gt;&gt; because I never think of them as clients that relate that that word feels very transactional to me. &gt;&gt; You know, you're paying for a service and yeah, like in essence, I mean, students of your gym are paying for a service. Um, but for me, the relationship is much more spiritual for for a lack of a better um term because because we like the day you signed up to become a member and we're showing up to my classes, this wasn't written in the contract, but like we made a promise to each other &gt;&gt; and and you promised that when you show up um you're going to you're going to, you know, do the best that you can that day. You're you're going to want to learn. you're going to um be a good teammate. You're going to care about other people. You're going to show me respect. &gt;&gt; Um and I promised you that I am going to show up as your coach. &gt;&gt; Not just not just the person that you pay money to cuz you really don't pay me. You pay the gym to keep the lights on and all of the things. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But I showed I'm showing up for you and I'm going to give you everything, you know, the the decades of study and experience and emotional investment &gt;&gt; and I'm going to give you my best, right? Um, &gt;&gt; so I, so I think like those two things have to exist and and some of the what you were talking about about how coaching in person, this two-way thing is really um, highlights why there's a difference between the being a coach and being an athlete is because you are constantly doing emotional people reading, right? And um on the one hand, it's like, you know, I not only have to read what's going on with you, but also try to be able to come up with a solution to whatever the problem is. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And you can't it's it's not a a boutique um you know, like not every single person can get every single thing that they want every class. That's not reasonable because we're a part of a community. &gt;&gt; Yes. Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Care about other people. It can't be about any one person, you know. Um but I but I think like like all of those little things that you might not even have articulated in the moment like you know like some there are some days like I I'll start the warm-up and I'm like yeah the like it's dark outside, the weather's changed. It's cold. There was just something terrible in the news. And what everybody really needs right now is they need me to shut up and they need to sweat it out. &gt;&gt; Like they need to feel just physically in their bodies. They need to get it all out of the thing. So I'm scrapping the lesson plan for today and we're going to just like get after it on some fatigue drills, some aggression drills, and and you know, that's like the read on the room. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. or you know I like as a as a as a specific example um I think of of being having to get emotional intelligence and then also learning specific emotional intelligence with this is um you know when I first I've to explain why you know I've I started um martial arts when I was 11 with TKD and I I am so grateful for um the values. You know, we've talked about this like off a recorded call, Shane, but um doing traditional martial arts as a child really informed my value system and affected like how I see the world and what I think makes like a good person and a good life and who I want to be. And um you know, but I I so I did TKD and I I loved it. It was like I wasn't good at anything. Like that's not fair. That's not nice to young Katie. I I didn't um I didn't take to any sports or like for extracurricular activities. You know, school was good. I was &gt;&gt; I was good at school, but like you know, &gt;&gt; we try my my uh my mom tried to make me play three different musical instruments. We tried swimming. We tried soccer. We tried this. It just none of it none of it took until I took my first TKD class and it was like &gt;&gt; and then and then I went to college and um I tried doing a crew and that lasted one week. I was like I can't I can't get into this man. And then I joined rugby and I was like yes hitting people this is this is more my thing. &gt;&gt; Yeah. After college, I got into um you know uh I got into CRAV and then Muay Thai. So I've been part of these you know I guess conventionally traditionally thought of as like masculine pursuits and they and and they felt like home to me. They felt comfortable. I felt like uh it it was something that I would I wanted to do and I was meant to do. And I think because of that, I misunderstood early on in my teaching when I would have um women or girls who would take class and giggle. &gt;&gt; H &gt;&gt; you know, I think I I misread them because in my early coaching days, I was like, why are you here if you're not taking this seriously? like I'm I'm trying to share stuff &gt;&gt; that is going to be of value to you in the worst moment of your life and you're laughing like you're you've got the giggles like why are you here you know and it it took a little bit for me to understand that that was a stress response &gt;&gt; you know we didn't have the terminology back then cuz uh you know I started coaching many many years ago. I'm old. Um, but you know, fight or flight is is um an incomplete description of things that we can do when we're afraid and we're experiencing fear. Um, and that there's also a freeze. And then then the other one um that was newer to me was fond which was if I'm in a situation where I feel uncomfortable um what and and I feel afraid that what I should do is um try to socialize this and create some sort of rapport &gt;&gt; because if I'm giggling then it's not serious and then it's not scary. And if you're giggling with me and we're just having a good time, then I don't have to confront the fact that um all of this is is maybe bringing up this memory of a time of something terrible that happened to me. And um having the ability to like read that in a person and say, "You aren't trying to be disrespectful. You aren't being dismissive." you know, and and it totally changed my tactic, you know, because before I would just be like irritated, you know, I'd be really like annoyed and now I'll um you know, like during a water break or something and I'll be like, "Hey, you know, it's I want you to have a good time and I want you to smile and I want you to enjoy this class and you're safe here. Um, do you know why sometimes you might get the giggles like in the middle of training and like there's this moment of like, uh, am I in trouble or whatever? And I'm like, it's it's it's normal and it's okay and it's a stress response because we as women have been socially conditioned from when we've come out of the womb to make people like us. &gt;&gt; You need to be someone that people will like. And so this is uncomfortable and it's scary, but um so it's okay. It's okay to giggle, but I also want you to know it's okay to be it's okay to be really fierce and really tough and not laugh when you're afraid, you know, and I and I want to I want to help you do that. And it is transformative. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um so I think like that kind of being able to read like is this is this student like um &gt;&gt; here right now? you know, because we as human beings like we're always making it about us, right? &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; You're you're like you weren't paying attention and it's because like you're not invested in this class and it's like we don't know as coaches what's going on in everybody's lives and what's happening in their brains because they certainly don't know what's going on with ours, &gt;&gt; right? Like that's the job of the coach. That's the job of leadership is to show up and say like, "Hey, I might have all this massive list of all of these things that I'm worried about and I'm concerned about. Um, but that's not important right now. What's important is that I I show up for the people who show up who are showing up for me." &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yep. Have you have you on had any experience on the opposite end of the spectrum from uh male students um that challenge what you teach or challenge you as a female instructor? I mean, I'm a I'm a woman in a in a in maledominated activities who's been part of martial arts and or you know, I mean, TKD I actually I don't know the the statistics on on TKD now, like male to female practitioners, but at least when I was a uh back in the 90s, um it was more boys than girls. Um, you know, rugby there tends to it tends to be like a kind of a macho. Uh, I love rugby players. Rugby people are good people. Um, but you know, it's it's it's kind of a a doodly thing and certainly self-defense world, combat sports world. Um, yeah, being a woman in this space and I've been I've been teaching since 2009. So, yeah. Um I I deal with it a lot less I feel like nowadays and I don't know if that that that's because um like our greater culture is changing and all of the um incelss and misogynists and basement dwelling troglodites are just staying on social media on fight tips being like sidekicks don't work you know like every I &gt;&gt; but yeah I mean if I if I ever post a video of you and Jesse or or anybody like that. There's always at least one person that says, you know. &gt;&gt; Yeah. What? She has boobs. She cannot possibly know things, you know. Um, for sure. I And and I got to tell you, man, I stopped. I had to not um I made a rule for myself that I'm not allowed to open the comments section on any of Jesse's po social media posts. &gt;&gt; She has it worse than anybody, &gt;&gt; right? Cuz I just I just I get I get mad. like my temperature. I'm gonna take off my jacket right now. Like thinking about it. Um you know there is certainly that element. I don't know if a lot of those people have moved offline or if it's because I'm older now and maybe like my presence is a little bit different. Um but um I certainly and I also think that having had a program for a really long time um people are we like humans are social. We're we're pack animals, you know. We're social carnivores just like wolves. So, we want to like fit in with the group. And so, when people are coming in, that type of personality either usually takes themselves out the door um or uh you know, they they just recognize it's not a fit really early. But absolutely like and it's and it and it touches back Shane to like what we were talking about earlier is like overconfidence and underconfidence as on the student end. And you know, I I hate to generalize, but you know, I'm just going to speak anecdotally. I can definitely gender those, you know, and say that the um the problem that I encounter from a lot of female students that I've got to emotionally work around is the um self-confidence, the ability to say, "I'm allowed to be aggressive. I'm allowed to take up space. um I deserve to be protected. I don't have to make it okay. I I don't have to capitulate to someone who's just more forceful than I am. Um and then with men, it's tends to be like I of course I'm going to be good. Not my students, but like in general, like of course I'm going to be so great at this. Um, you know, I handle a lot of the the leads that come in for the gym and um the only people asking um when they've never taken a class in their lives if they can spar and how soon they can fight or go pro &gt;&gt; and to be male. I've never had a female ask that. Um, you know, and so, you know, I've definitely like had uh men come in. Uh, I like a couple instances that like really stick out in my head. I had this one um guy come in for a trial and it was back um when I used to also run the front desk at CSA. So, I like signed him uh signed, you know, did the waiver. Then I got onto the mat and I'm like, "Okay, everybody line up." And he comes over and he was like, "I'm sorry. Uh, I was here for the the crab mag class and I was like, "Yeah, you're with me." And he's like, "You're the instructor?" &gt;&gt; Oh, man. &gt;&gt; I'm the instructor. I killed that dude. I crushed that dude, Shane. I was um human torture and &gt;&gt; borderline illegal. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. But you know what? And it's like, and that was emotional people reading because like like in that instance, it's funny because that guy at the end of class was like, "Hey, I just wanted to say that was amazing and I really underestimated you." And like some people want to be alpha rolled. That's like they that's the only way they can respect you, you know? Um, and unfortunately, if you're going to be, you know, like look, uh, I want a world that is going to like welcome women into these spaces. Um, you know, I want to lift other women up. I don't see other women as like competition. Like I want to see other women, you know, doing the thing, too. Um, I also have to acknowledge like the world that I live in, not the world that I want to live in. And you know, you have to have a a tough skin about it and also recognize like I can't personalize this like whatever you have going on in your life that's caused you to look at uh the world this way and and this thing that you know nothing about and decide who gets to teach it. Like that's not my problem. I can't carry that for you. Um what I am going to do is I am going to protect my students and my program and my mat. um and you can get with the program or you can see yourself to the door. Um &gt;&gt; what's cool about it is at least in person if they actually do make it through the doors of a gym is it's a very humbling experience. And usually all it takes is one class or one session for someone to start to shift their mindset and start to think um a little bit just a little bit more fair more fairly about um paying respects to the to the people who have been there and done that and have put forth the effort because it's inherently uncomfortable and painful to do this this type of training and I think most people again just like we talked about earlier just play it safe from the comfort of their home to do this, but to actually go in there and and pay respects because that's something that we preach at our gym a lot is is the two things that a coach looks for is effort and respect. Like that's at a minimum, just those two things. That's all that's all we need from the student because in return, we're going to teach you, like you said, all of the years and effort that we've put into this. and and a coach's role like a like a true coach, a selfless person that wants their students to be better teaches the student with the goal in mind that they want them to be better than they are. Like I want I want my students to be able to have everything that I have and I want to train them and avoid all of the mistakes that I've made and use all of the good things so that they become a better athlete than I ever was. And if you just think about like how like truly like if I were to then spar that person after enough time training, they would then beat me. So like I'm I'm literally putting my trust so much into this person like I'm giving you everything so that you could be a more supreme fighter than me. At a minimum, you should be you should give me a little bit of respect for that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You know. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. What what do what do both of us have to agree to and bring to the table for this special relationship to work? &gt;&gt; Yeah. And um you know I I think that uh sorry Shane there's just there's just so much it made me think about um that yeah the experience of doing it because um even if you have like a heavy bag in your garage &gt;&gt; um there and you're like it makes a big thumpy noise when I hit it like I must be really great. Well, when you're in a gym space and then you're next to the other people who are making much bigger thumpy noises, like if you have any level of self-awareness, you go, and that's even before you've sparred, right? Even before they can hit you back, like you're just even hitting a bag or hitting pads and you're going, &gt;&gt; "When I do it, it doesn't look like that." So, I I recognize the the difference between those two. It is a humbling experience. Um, and I think also, yeah, that recognition of like, um, I don't like I'm here to make you better than me. I'm going to give you everything like I have learned in my life and I'm going to try to make you better than me. You know, the a couple of things that um, mentors, you know, and friends of mine uh, have said that it made me think about that you shared. Um, one was, um, I my my a good, uh, friend and a mentor of mine, Danny Tamblin. Um, I took my my first, um, beer instructor course from, uh, him. And one thing he said was, um, I don't really care if you can kick my ass. &gt;&gt; My my job here uh, is to help. Can you teach someone how to kick ass? &gt;&gt; Right. Right. Right. you know, like those those aren't the same skill sets, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; You know, and then and then on the coach's end of the things that we need to do, um &gt;&gt; Tony Morrison, whom you met, you know, he did, uh he did the uh kids portion of that course I did with John Whitman, um deputy chief instructor for Cobra Magaw Alliance. Um, and Tony just like in random conversation, he's always like dropping gold, like just catching up chitchat. And he said something to me recently that really struck me. And he said, um, what's the difference between a thermometer and a thermostat? Sorry, a thermometer takes the temperature. A thermostat sets the temperature, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; And um, every room I walk into, I am trying to be the thermostat. I want to change the temperature of that room. I want to change shift the energy to something positive, to something inspiring, to making people feel um capable like they like they can meet their goals with effort and dedication. I want to just I'm going to shift it. Every room I walk into, I'm going to change the temperature of that room and I'm going to make people energized and alive and happy to be alive. That's my goal and I just I I have really meditated on that a lot and I do think that as coaches like you were talking about there is an element like for the thermostat to work it also has to be a thermometer. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; You have to know like what is the temperature in this room so that I can calibrate it properly. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Because if I'm coming in hot and everybody's hot like I'm not being a good thermostat. I'm thinking, oh, I'm going to bring the energy like what do what does what does this room re need right now from me and that it's not it's not about me, &gt;&gt; you know? &gt;&gt; Um it's not I'm I'm not important. I have to put on this mantle, this instructor persona. That's the burden of leadership is that like I can't make myself the center. I have to do what the room needs. And then additionally, you have to also weed out the people that are like, um, yeah, I know everybody in here is shivering and they're all wearing parkas, but I'm hot. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; it needs to be it needs to be 86 in here. This is this is sparking um an idea and I need you to help me articulate the right words because you're really good with your vocabulary, but and and I I don't mean to offend anybody by this, but the only words that I can think of um when I think about coach versus uh competitive fighter, I feel like the coach is most selfless and the fighter is selfish. Like a lot of people will ask me why I don't compete and like a simple way of explaining why I don't want to is because I just don't want the attention. I like like the one of the first um uh Logan Paul fight cards. They they invited me to be on the undercard of that and they talked about how there'd be a press conference and all these different things and I was just like just like so turned off by it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You're like, "This sounds actually like the worst. I could not imagine you knowing you." &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; And they really tried to sell me on it. Yeah. Like you're going to get this many views and this, you know, it's going to be covered by these media outlets. And I was just like, "Oh no." Like I have no interest in doing that. And then in addition to that, which really rubbed me the wrong way, was they're like, "We're going to give you a really easy fight. We're going to give you an opponent that doesn't know what they're doing." And I'm like, "What?" And I wrote like a really nasty message back just being like, "This is what's wrong with the boxing industry. like how unfair, how dangerous and that you would just like disrespect the sport like that. Um but when I think about fighters like they have to be inherently selfish. They have to um get the attention from coaches and other teammates um so that they can get the padwork and help with the weight cut and diet and all of that. and then the attention of being under the bright lights and people watching them where me I I think I am inherently introverted um and I like using my effort to see other people succeed a lot of the times uh we're underappreciated um it's kind of a thankless job you know we I have a lot of really tremendous athletes and and our team is great and really healthy culture um and the guys and gals there are super nice to to me and and constantly thank me and things like that but a lot of the times it seems um our efforts go unnoticed and that's okay. You know, I I don't do it for that same reason because I'm not I'm not expecting anything out of it. Um the the feel-good part is just seeing other people be happy and succeed and achieve their goals. Um but is this is would you say that's fair to say? is that &gt;&gt; I think that that is super because and and you know maybe maybe selfish isn't isn't isn't bad if if it is in pursuit of your goal the goal is really different you know um I I've shared this with you before Shane but I you know my like epiphany in my my switching from fighter to um coach was I you know I follow Coach Krion started um uh out of somebody else's gym and when he decided that you know he was going to open up CSA I it was like a little tiny group of us um followed him and around the same time like right before the gym opened I got laid off of my like corporate job that I didn't like anyway because I was just out of college just trying to like figure it out &gt;&gt; and um so I had this extra time and I was like I was I had I was fighting um and uh I said, "Hey coach, um you know, I used to like teach TKD. Do you need extra help at the gym?" Um and he was like, "I could really use another CRAV instructor." So, I took my level one instructor certification um from John Whitman sort of just like a on a whim almost like okay, you know, I started off as a Cravis. Coach needs extra help with CRAV. Um so, I'll take this certification. And like I was like, oh my gosh, I love this. I love the um the the the thoughtfulness, the methodology behind good teaching. you know, and I get to unlike you, Shane, I am not an introvert. Um, sort of, you know, I don't know if you &gt;&gt; can the Can the viewers tell on the way that I just keep handing the conversation off to you? &gt;&gt; Yeah. That like I won't shut up. Um, but, you know, youngest child, look at me. But, um, you know, I I just I loved it and I really I there was this thing and that I felt so so passionate about. And so I was I was fighting and I was teaching at the same time. And I had this epiphany that um I had good you know fighting and training for fighting. It was the agony and the ecstasy and the highs and the lows and all of the and you know I I'm I uh I'm extra about everything. I'm int I'm like an intense person. And so, you know, there were these just these big emotions all of the time. And at the same time, I'm I'm I think I'm predisposed towards happiness. So having these like um this in internal angst about about it all the time was was a little taxing. M &gt;&gt; um every day that I taught a class was really great and I felt a sense of peace and a sense of accomplishment and um that was I'd be I'd be driving in my car and I was trying to think of like different drills or different ways to explain things. &gt;&gt; I had this epiphany that I was like I think that I'd rather be a coach, you know? I think I'd rather be a coach. I think that's, you know, like more suited towards giving me a sense of fulfillment with my life. And um I I kind of made that decision because I was like fighting is just for me. &gt;&gt; It's because like I could still train and pursue, you know, love this art. Um but winning is and wanting to win it's because what I want the validation that I'm good and not that that's not okay. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. wasn't it wasn't giving me this this deep sense of purpose &gt;&gt; right &gt;&gt; where &gt;&gt; is like like transferring knowledge you know I think that at the heart of it the real job of a coach is like an invitation to um people to rewrite the stories that they tell themselves about themselves you know like we all have these stories about ourselves And um and we don't examine those all the time, right? And and people are walking around and they're like, "I'm not athletic. I'm not um a capable person. I'm not um I'm lazy. I'm um not a a good learner, you know, like whatever that narrative is, like I'm stupid. I can't do that." the the these ne this negative internal monologue and the coach because they're in a position of authority um and if they're doing it right takes it really seriously and considers it um a a very heavy responsibility says I am telling you that I believe in you and I know that you can do this. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And they go, "Okay, well, this person that I trust and I admire and I look up to, who has more experience is saying that I can, so maybe I can." And then they do, and then they get to rewrite that story about themselves, &gt;&gt; you know. So, and I and I think at least for me, I have had the really wonderful fortune, you know, you were talking asked me before about being a female coach in this space and because I've um you know, since I was a kid, participated in what are um traditionally like male pursuits, most of my coaches were men. And so I was always surprised to to get like a little smidge of the misogyny because man, I've I've like every male coach that I've had like took care of me, man. You know, from TKD, Quadron Kethan, uh he'll probably never watch this, but like that man affected my life, right? To to um you know, I could run you down the list. And um they showed me how it was done. And I think watching Coach K and seeing like when you look at the ring, everybody's looking at the fighters &gt;&gt; and I'm like, I know I saw the behind the scenes of what this man did to make that happen and how much care and love and investment and lost sleep and, you know, no fingernails cuz he's biting them off, you know, that he has put into these people. And I was, you know, I think that like for me at least, I was like, I want to be I don't want to be the one with the light shining. I want to be the person in the corner, you know? &gt;&gt; Yeah. And Coach K did that. Yeah. And and no, I just wanted to say I just wanted to give Coach K's flowers because he's done that for so many people with the coaches clinic where people would fly in from literally around the world and give them the confidence to do the exact same thing and teach the similar systems and do that with female fighters and show that they're to be taken seriously and can be world class. Um, and kind of changing the narrative on that. Um, going over the ropes and not under the ropes. um things like that is just is just so cool and you need someone like Coach K to be a spearhead and remind people that it's you know you have the power to do so and sometimes you have to you have to go against the grain a little bit um because it's it's for the greater good of the sport um and just making people better and that's ultimately what it's about and I think that's what coaches really care about is like is that is is finding each individual person good people in the world and making them better. Um, and sometimes there's a lot of healing that goes on with that and it's a little more work and sometimes, like you said, it's a little bit more natural to some people, but um, coaches, good coaches tend to take on that challenge happily. It's hard. It takes a lot out of us, but it's it's worth it. That's why we do what we do. &gt;&gt; Yeah. If and and if I if I uh uh am going to offer uh my criticism of Coach K. Um and and uh uh &gt;&gt; we could always cut this part out. &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, no, no. We're going to keep it. He's not He's gonna watch it anyway. Boy, he will. Um but it's not like it's nothing he hasn't heard. Um is is I wish that he was a little more selfish, you know? I I wish um that he he gave a little less sometimes. And so it's like um I I be I became a coach because I wanted to do for other people what he did for me. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; You know, I wanted to to share that forward. Um, and you know, as someone who like loves him and cares about him, I think like as an invitation to all any coach who might be listening to this, like it's also okay to take care of yourself sometimes. And we got to have some some good um, you know, boundaries around that and and say like, "Hey, I'm going to um take a vacation and be with my family and not respond to DMs from my athletes &gt;&gt; for a week, you know, um, whatever whatever the case might be. just just so we can replenish. Um, you can't you can't serve from an empty well. &gt;&gt; Um, I feel like I feel like uh that's a a lesson like I I really try to touch back on not just as a coach, but like as a mom, you know, like we're playing all of these roles. So, it's like I got to make sure that that I'm in a place where I can I can um give with without feeling resentful um without um you know, taking my love or my passion out of that pursuit. &gt;&gt; Um you know, but a but a rising tide lifts all boats, you know, and like like uh I've admired about coaches like he um is like nothing's new under the sun. take my stuff and call it yours. Like I just I'm I'm just passing this information forward like that lack of selfishness around &gt;&gt; um you know how he systematized teaching and then also you know this desire to just see other people winning you know like not not just fights but like at life like I want to see you win. I want to see you be successful. It makes me happy, you know, because I because you can look at other people who are who are successful and doing great things and you can be like that should be mine. &gt;&gt; Right. Right. &gt;&gt; Or you can say like yes, let's spread this thing that we love. Let's share it. Let's include people. Like I want to see every everybody win. And then also, you know, some with the with with the coaches clinic, it's like he's still sitting over there taking notes during other people's blocks. &gt;&gt; Yep. you know, and um that it reminds us like, hey, we still get to be students, too. &gt;&gt; And I'm I'm constantly honestly I mean, not not as a as a plug for Magnus, legitimately, I am a Magnus user because I lift &gt;&gt; hella curriculum from these other coaches, right? Like I will sit there with the live stream and I'll be like uh you know I I I go past jump rope or whatever, but then I'm like at the pieces and I'm like man that's a really I've never heard that analogy before or I've never thought of um um putting these things together to to illuminate this concept &gt;&gt; and iron sharpens iron, you know, so that like we're all part of this like greater community. But I do think like you have to have the attitude that says like what's your goal because if your goal is a fighter your job is to succeed in your sport to develop accolades in your sport and therefore it is about you. &gt;&gt; Know your training has to be about you because that's where the goals are. Now you have to temper that with um I'm part of a community, I'm part of a team. I'm part of like a larger society. So it can't be all about me at all times. Um as a coach the goal is like to um inspire other people's success to to transfer information you know really at the heart of it maybe transform a life you know I I think like um you you have like you can really you're in a position when in any leadership role like you can make or break someone's day. Yeah. &gt;&gt; You know, and like I think about that because like I love coaching. I love it. I'm like this unicorn of a person in that I I'm one of those people. I love my job. If I won the lottery tomorrow, I'd still coach, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; I'd still do it, man. Um, but sometimes you've had a long day and you got a lot of things going on, you know, and it's like my washer just blew up right before I had to leave for class and there's all this stuff and I'm sitting in the parking lot and I got I know I have to put on my instructor persona mantle and I have to go in and I have to be the thermostat, but I'm actually a whole human being and I know I have to put that aside and I like sit in the parking lot for like a minute and I really connect to like what a respons responsibility, a privilege and honor it is &gt;&gt; for people to trust you in that position because um I could say something um to someone and like they'll be thinking about it a week later and it'll make them sad, you know, or they'll lose sleep over it like a coach was pissed off at me about this thing and I didn't get it right and like I really I don't know if blah blah blah all of the negative stuff, right? And I could also just lighten someone's day by being like, "High five. That was awesome." &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yep. I I really started to think about this when the term influencer started to come about in in the YouTube world and social media. And at first I would have like cousins at like family parties being like, "Oh, you're an influencer." And I'm like, "I didn't come up with the term, but yeah, I guess that's what they're calling us now." Um, but then I was like, well, what does that term actually mean? And to influence someone, I was like, well, yeah, like everybody's an influencer. Like everyone has a chance to influence someone else's feelings or like you said, how their day is going. And I always use the metaphor like if I'm driving down the highway and I flip someone off, I'm going to influence how they feel. They're going to be like, did that person just give me the finger? And then they're going to get they're going to get angry and they're going to speed up their car. And it's like crazy that like just by like extending one finger into one gesture like that could influence someone. And it's easy to do that. And I think that's why there's so many trolls and negative comments online because you get the rise out of people and then you get the response and then you get the attention. And I think ultimately that's what they're looking for. But to go out of your way to do the opposite and to do good and to make someone's day better like like you said, what if a week later because I know this happens a lot with me. If like if coach Peach says like I I did a a takedown well, like I'll remember that for a couple of days and then that and then and then that becomes a takedown that I'm really confident in and I start hitting that takedown more often simply because of the positive feedback that I got from the person of authority and the person that I respect and look up to. &gt;&gt; I I I still like vividly remember the first time Coach K ever called me up to demo like I was just a student, you know, and and it was like, you know, the demo for the round or whatever. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; And he he was like, um, you come here. &gt;&gt; And I I'm like, &gt;&gt; and you did one of these. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I did. I did. I did. He was like, Katie. And I'm like, oh my god, is there another Katie in class? He know he knows my name. Um and uh and and and he had me demo and he was like I want into the class he said I want you to do it like that and like I &gt;&gt; But you played it cool though, right? You're like &gt;&gt; played it so I played it so I was like oh my god you know and it really like to to be and like Shane we're talking &gt;&gt; like around 17 years ago &gt;&gt; and I still remember that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You'll remember that forever. &gt;&gt; I'll remember that forever. &gt;&gt; But what you won't remember is what some some nerd commenting with his cheesy Cheeto fingers in his mom's basement commented about you. &gt;&gt; For sure. For sure. Like what do you matter to my life, right? Like I And that that I can do that for somebody else, you know? I can do that for somebody else. And that like &gt;&gt; like you know, like we said earlier, you don't always know what's going on in people's lives, you know? and that like um &gt;&gt; sometimes that that you can be that little like needle that just pushes them towards something good, you know, and you don't see the ripple effect, you know, and it doesn't even if they don't train forever, right? Like not everybody's a you or a me and as a lifer, you know, and that's okay. I I think even if you train martial arts for a little while, I think like it can bring you something, &gt;&gt; you know. Um, and you don't know how what something that you said or a way that you made somebody feel like changed the trajectory of their life, right? It made them go, you know, um, maybe I will like um, ask out that person that I've been I've had a crush on for forever or uh, I feel confident enough. I'm just I maybe I am going to apply for that promotion. whatever it was, you know, maybe you affected their life in this really positive way that you can never see the end of, you know. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um and and for people listening too, like you don't have to be a coach to to do that for people, like to to be a positive influence in other people's lives. Um, I I remember in uh junior year of high school, my friend Rich said to me I think I was talking about I for I think I was talking about moving to California &gt;&gt; and he said, "You're someone who always does what they say they're going to do." &gt;&gt; And that was like like I'll never forget that. And now I feel like a little bit of uh obligation to to uphold that. But I'm also really proud of that too. like to be impeccable with your word I think is one of the most important attributes that someone could have. Um but like saying like a simple thing like that and I don't know if he said that knowing that it was going to have such an impact or if it just came out naturally but um yeah I encourage anybody listening to like if there's something nice you want to say to someone there's no harm in doing that. &gt;&gt; Totally. If like I I um will I make sure I compliment other women in public. I mean like dudes maybe maybe not you know but like I like &gt;&gt; well dude to dude I think uh &gt;&gt; totally dude to dude don't get enough compliments man. &gt;&gt; Yeah my friend Pashant uh of uh boring breakdowns you've probably seen his stuff. Um he's got a really big following. He's someone who like really preaches that. He's like I think guys should compliment guys more often u because they don't get that from other guys. And like I've started doing it where usually I see someone's sneakers and I'll and I'll just be like oh those are sick shoes and it they every single time they light up but they usually do they're like are you talking to me? I'm like yeah those are awesome. I like them a lot. They're like oh thanks you know and then it's just like and then you can only imagine like how that's going to then be paid forward even if it's just one step further. Like if he's then nice to &gt;&gt; I don't know someone in his life that was 100% worth it. And I'm again I'm an introvert. It's hard for me to do that to a stranger, too. But I'm like I'll like psych myself up and I and then the more I do it, the better I get at it, the more comfortable I feel with it. So, I love doing stuff like that now. &gt;&gt; Yeah. We can all be influencers, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. And be proud of it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I and I think like you know the the more like positivity that you put out like like it is like behavioral persuasion you know you have you have more effect over over how people behave than if you're a like a negative you're you're putting out negativity you know you want to you want to feel like in control of your life. you want to feel like you um have influence over other people like like bring bring the be the rising tide and bring them with you, you know. Um speak speaking of of this topic, it makes me think of a sto another story um Tony Morrison had shared with me and he um so he uh uh founded like like a bunch of gyms in the New York area. um you know they they have uh traditional uh karate um you know a lot of a lot of kids um are their bread and butter and uh he came in you know he's not teaching the classes anymore he's kind of just the the head guy founder but he'll come in for like the big events and he came in just to visit one day and he ended up chopping shop with one of the moms who was watching her kids play class and he's just chitchatting you know he's he's an extrovert he's super social and to him it just a casual conversation of like small talk. Um he got an email from her two days later and she said, "I just want to let you know that I've actually been um ex struggling with thoughts of suicide." &gt;&gt; And the conversation that I had with you just left me feeling like I had hope that things could get better. and um belief that I'm not always going to feel that way. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; And um that I know we only chatted like for a short period of time and not about anything serious, but you know, I I I feel like you saved my life. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Whoa, man. Wow. You know, and that's that was him sitting at the front desk shooting. &gt;&gt; Yeah. you know, the breeze with with uh someone who was just there watching her kid. Like, let alone what what can you do if you're standing at the front of the room, you know, you're not standing at the front of the room because you want to be at the top of the pyramid or because you want to be able to like control other people or because you want the validation or attention. You know, you're there because um it's your responsibility. you know, you've decided like it's my job to try to make your life better, you know, and we're we're doing it through the the vehicle of of uh self-defense or combat sports or martial arts or whatever, but like that's a thing that you can do in all these areas of your life, you know? Like I think a lot about how um &gt;&gt; uh there are a couple things that my dad said to me when I was a really young child that like really had an impact and and informed like my value system and it was just him spitballing, you know, and I would I brought up some of those things &gt;&gt; like as an adult and I'd be like, you know, I remember when I was little you said this to me and he's like, I have no recollection of that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And it's funny being a parent because you don't know what's going to stick or what what won't, you know, like as just as an example, I remember one time we were playing um cards. We're playing crazy eights and um he had said, "Okay, it was like we'd made some sort of uh deal, right? Like whoever wins two out of three uh is going to do this ch or you know doesn't have to do this chore, the other person's going to do it." Right. &gt;&gt; Right. And uh he won he won the two in a row and I I was I was a little little kid and I was like I don't want to. I'm not I'm not going to do it. I wouldn't have said that to my mom by the way cuz my mom don't play. But I I I felt like I could get away with it with my dad. And my dad said you you looked me in the eye. You shook my hand and you made a promise. &gt;&gt; Mhm. And when you do that, when you say what you're going to do and you make a promise to someone, you can't go back on that because that's your character. &gt;&gt; So if you want to be a good person, you'll be a person who keeps your word, &gt;&gt; man. Like that totally affected &gt;&gt; forever. viewed people like how I try to behave forever, right? &gt;&gt; How you view other people, &gt;&gt; how I view other people too, you know, and and how I feel about um you know, being impeccable in your word, right? &gt;&gt; And so, um you know, it just it it really like just those little things, um have have informed it. And like you, you know, as a parent, as as like a partner in a relationship, as a friend, like you can influence people in these like positive, not that all of us should go around just monologuing like, you know, the Stoics, you know what I mean? And being like, okay, well, Marcus Aellius said D, so therefore you, you know what I mean? But like &gt;&gt; the stokes I I've heard there's a there's a bunch of people out there who read it as stokes and don't actually know it's &gt;&gt; No, dude. &gt;&gt; Dude, Google Google has an option where you can even learn how to pronounce stuff, man. &gt;&gt; Uh that takes time and effort though. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. Well, I'm maybe I'm going to adopt that and I'm going to be into the stos. &gt;&gt; The stokes. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I I &gt;&gt; I'm something of a sto myself. &gt;&gt; I am. I'm a bit of dysphic uh in at least for me in philosophy if not in terms of personality. &gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. &gt;&gt; You know, but yeah, man, I think like I I think to just sort of bring it full circle to what we were talking about like are you there for the right reasons? You know, that's a question to ask is like both a student and as a coach, &gt;&gt; you know, like why am I here? Is it for the right reasons? And that also like you said or one thing that you said that I didn't I didn't get to just like I agree um was sometimes it's just not a fit, you know. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And that's okay and that's that's because it's best for both of you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um because I because I think that like a gym um a like program is a a a micro tribe, you know, it's a little community and like what works in one environment and is the deal in one environment, you know, maybe it's not a judgment call. Like just as an example, like I and probably because of the traditional martial arts background and everything, like I'm whenever I like cover a Muay Thai class, um uh you know, I feel like like uh a lot of the coaches are a little bit more forgiving about students coming in late. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; You know what I mean? And I'm like, "Hey, you know, it's the Bay Area. You hit bad traffic. You're rushing in here. It's like it's like like, you know, 3 minutes past the hour or whatever, and I see you hustling. I'm not going to give you a lot of guff. If you are lolly gagging, wrapping your hands, like getting getting like a like a sip of water, like just, you know, man, get out of town. &gt;&gt; You got a whole lot of burpees. There's there's there's three treadmills over there if you need a workout. Okay. Like five now. Um you know, for me, but that's my like community. That's my tribe. That's my culture. You know what I mean? Um and and it's not like a judgment call about good versus bad. You know, it's just the right one for you. I guess I would also so I would say like sometimes like the culture of that coach or that gym or that space is maybe not the right fit. Um but I think I I would also just caution anybody listening to this. Um sometimes you also have to go what's the common denominator &gt;&gt; and if everywhere you go it's um drama or negativity or you know the coach sucks or whatever like you also maybe just have to do some some honest self- aacement and say like is there something in in my behavior that may be um calling this into reality? you know, &gt;&gt; um just like a coach would have to just be like, "Hey, like I don't get anybody to sign up after their trial." &gt;&gt; Like, &gt;&gt; right? Right. &gt;&gt; Maybe it's maybe it's me, right? Like &gt;&gt; it's not always me, but you but I think we all have to be like open to that question like in life, right? Like right there are circumstances that are beyond my control. I'm not in control of other people's behavior necessarily, but you know, it's healthy to admit that you can be wrong. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And that you maybe need to like change how you do things um to be your your happiest self. You know, &gt;&gt; accountability is a hard skill, but it's required if you want to have a successful business and a successful team. Um, that brings up one more point and then then I do have to wrap this up because I got to get going to class. &gt;&gt; I told you Shane, I wasn't going to shut up. I was like, Dane, you're going to have &gt;&gt; We'll just have to do it again. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; we'll just have to do it again. Um, that brings up a point. I want to hear your thoughts on this because earlier you were talking about um gym environment and culture. Um, but I I recently saw on another podcast someone who's part of a jiu-jitsu gym and they said how they don't like firm rules when it comes to turning away to fix your belt and fix your uniform, bowing to the coach, uh, responding with yes, coach or no coach. And they believe it should be more casual um, because they're a paying member um, and it should be more of that client transaction. And I I disagree with them and I agree with you entirely, but I also think that's because there's a lot of abuse that goes on in that gym. &gt;&gt; And if that's if that's the case, then yeah, it probably should be more casual or that gym should probably not be in operation anymore, &gt;&gt; right? Because if there's coaches that are or business owners that are running these establishments and they're physically, emotionally, sexually abusing their students, then yeah, I would understand why you don't want to pay respects to them. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; But that that gym shouldn't be around either. &gt;&gt; For sure. Um Yeah, that's the that's the violation of the of the sacred promise you made, right? Um, I I think like here's here's my my uh removing the the the abusive component and like just addressing the like, you know, ritualistic &gt;&gt; respect aspects that are found inside of like martial arts, right? Like K Maggawa in a lot of ways has sort of marketed itself as like, oh, we're heavy on the marshall, light on the art. like I'm &gt;&gt; right &gt;&gt; uh yeah in the sense that like you know my my students don't wear uniforms and um you know we don't have have uh forms you know as as part of our training um I I like there are elements that are that are that is not overlap but for me there's a ven diagram um and I guess uh you know I've talked to you about this book before I was really influenced by um this uh book tribe by Sebastian Younger And the the premise of the book is an exploration of like why um do we not see the same incident rates of PTSD in veterans that came from Native American reservation populations that we do in veteran populations outside of them. M &gt;&gt; and regardless of if they saw combat or not, &gt;&gt; um we see these very high incident rates in veterans of PTSD and it is much lower if these veterans came from and are returning to Native American reservations. So that that's the book is an exploration of this idea and it was called tribe because I you know uh my takeaway from the book you know anybody else who has has read it or listened to it and has different opinions I'm sure you're going to sound off um but um was that we as human beings were meant to exist in tribes for the vast majority of our existence we lived in these small groups who were respons responsible for feeding and protecting each other. And you might not always like your tribe member, but you trusted your tribe member. You knew that they were going to contribute to the group wherever possible. You knew that they want that your survival was important to them. M &gt;&gt; and I think that in our modernday society like now the way we live, we don't live in tribes. &gt;&gt; We go from a little box with our nuclear family and we and we get into our movable box to this other box with other people who would never fight or feed us. &gt;&gt; And then we get back in our box and we sit in front of another box with lights on it and we're just not connected to each other. And I I think one of the reasons that martial arts training is so powerful is because it serves as the third space. You ever hear that like term, right? There's there's there's work, there's home, &gt;&gt; there's the third space, you know, and it used to be for a lot of like American history, church. Less people go to church. So, you know, there's this this void of third space, this other place that isn't just your family or isn't just your job. And I think that martial arts training, whether it's self-defense or combat sports or traditional martial arts, serves both as the third space and as the tribe. Because, you know, if you're doing it right, um, say you're on a fight team, you might not like every other fighter on the fight team. You might not want to like go to lunch with them after training or invite them over to your house for a barbecue, but if you're doing it right, you want them to win. M &gt;&gt; you'll you'll you'll drill with them. You'll do uh fight sims and situational sparring to get them ready, right? Even if you're like, I don't want to like, you know, be on a text thread with so and so, you know, because they're your tribe. And I think that tying this back to the question that you asked is I think that tribes also had ritual to express the um uh organization, the sense of purpose, um the the um celebrations, the uh all of all of the things that to mark all of the things that are important as an as expression of a value system. So I think it is important to at least have some element that doesn't feel like a person showing up to a fitness gym with a personal trainer, &gt;&gt; right? Because if you go to like a 24-hour fitness and you buy personal training sessions, that I'm not saying that that isn't valuable and that's not something that could totally like transform your life and your fitness and be amazing and great for you, but that relationship is really different than going into a gym, training with a team, and having a coach, &gt;&gt; right? That's not a tribe. &gt;&gt; That's not a tribe, right? That's just you are paying a person for their services. But if you're going to be part of a tribe, you're going to participate in these these rituals. Like, and I'm not saying you need to do every single one because we're all deciding what is the culture at our gym, right? Like like it was a big shift for me &gt;&gt; um coming from traditional martial arts to come into a combat sports crab gym and not bow when I stepped on the mat, &gt;&gt; right? Like, and listen, I know a lot of people who even though they're combat sports coaches or athletes, they still do, &gt;&gt; right? I do. &gt;&gt; You do. I Yeah, I think you do. Right. Like, except they bow, right? And if they That's just That's just an expression. And I don't anymore, &gt;&gt; but I still keep some of the things, &gt;&gt; you know? I still keep some of the things. And because for me, it's an expression of value. And it's not a way of demonstrating like here's the hierarchy and you're going to give me my flowers by participating in this ritual because I'm showing I'm above you. It's respect, right? Like I like bowing in at the beginning and I'm like bowing in at the end, but I me and the students bow to each other, &gt;&gt; right? Like like you didn't just bow to me and then I said thanks. like it was it was it was mutual, you know, and how how we're expressing that respect &gt;&gt; may be different, but I'm going to participate in the rituals, too, &gt;&gt; because all of those those Buddho values &gt;&gt; that like to me are the soul, the essence of doing this type of training. Um, we're showing it in these little these little rituals, you know, &gt;&gt; Coach Katie Heard. That was perfect. I think that was a good mic drop at the end there. &gt;&gt; Thanks, friend. Yeah, I feel like I I just yapped your head off and I wanted to hear you talk more, but I was like, Shane, you're blowing my mind &gt;&gt; and you're saying so many things and I I just I have opinions. &gt;&gt; I think this went perfect. I think this is exactly how I wanted it to go. &gt;&gt; Oh, yay. That makes me happy. &gt;&gt; I could have said less. I could have just listened to you the whole time. &gt;&gt; No, dude. People, who doesn't want to listen to Shane Fasin talk? &gt;&gt; Shane Fasin. &gt;&gt; No. Well, that's true. But yeah, I here's the thing is I and I'm going to let you go cuz I know you got to run, but I think that um a lot of people who are fight tip subscribers actually have no idea what a smart and interesting and and wise person you are. And I'm excited that there is this new opportunity for you to share all of those other knowledgebased pieces of yourself to influence people not just in movement but in terms of of perspective. &gt;&gt; Spoken like a true thermostat. Thank you, coach. Um although it's just because I have a lot of really good influences and role models in my life like yourself. So, I'll just keep bringing people on like you and I'll let them talk talk to the people. &gt;&gt; I've just been I've been I've been blessed with just uh happy happen stance of geography and timing to just have like the best people in my life. You know, &gt;&gt; I feel the same way &gt;&gt; like people like I, you know, this is 20 years for me and Brooks and people will be like, you know, so what's what's the marriage advice? And I'm like, get lucky, man. like I don't like, you know, I just got so lucky. I don't know. I don't know how I got him. I just made him laugh a lot, you know. So, uh, and I fed him. &gt;&gt; I can't speak for him, but I know you're a good communicator. I feel like that's my marriage advice whenever anybody asked is, um, is overcommunicate and actively work on your your communication skills. And again, it's it's you have to have a mutual respect, a true respect for that person, &gt;&gt; for sure. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um, yeah, we could we could do one on on like honestly there's a you you put Lonnie and Jordan and it's like, hey, look, these are these are martial artists who are happily married. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; How weird is that? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Coaches that aren't dating, they're students. And that was coach Katie Herd. If you're interested in learning more about her and studying under her Street Smart Self-Defense System, you can click the link in the description or go right to magnus.io. That's m agnvs.io.