Kind: captions Language: en Right now, we're here at u the Airbnb I'm using for camp. I've been here for about 6 weeks now. I have my girlfriend with me and my baby girl. I mean, this is all we do. We just chill into the gym and then after the gym, we come back and just chill here all day. How long we drawing that for now? I got this last night. I've been at it since. I'mma get it though. Do you ever have time away from the family while you're here as well? You're like trying to do I have time away from them? Yeah. Uh I guess when I go run, that's it. I'm always with them. People, they like to isolate themselves from their families, but me, I've always been a family person. Since I grew up, I was always either around my dad or my brother. So, when I started my own family, I wanted to have them around with me as well. So, I just it makes me um a better person. The work ethic never changes. Um, if it were to change, it would have changed already just because my dream becoming a professional boxer was to become world champion and I accomplished that two 2 three years ago and here I am still, you know, in big fights fighting for more titles. So, my work ethic only gets better as the fights get bigger and I know as the fights get bigger, it I'm just going to keep training just as hard as I did back then. Does everyone always come to training or is it just today? Every day. Oh, yeah. They always come with you. Yep. Every day. [Music] this guy seeing your name up there, right? Badass. [Applause] More to come. It's a bougie gym, I like to call it. It's It's an upgrade from the last gym just because the I feel like the lighting is a lot better in there, just better equipment. But, I mean, looking back at from where Robert came from, that gym, I mean, it holds a lot of memories. I was there since I was 15 until now 25. just to see him, you know, he's upgraded himself as well to the gym he's at now is just I mean, everyone's improving and getting better. These fights are everything to me right now. Um, these are the fights that motivate me, the ones that get me to get up and train 100%, stay motivated, locked in in the gym, prey snap. Just to be fighting in Texas, period, it's a blessing. Um, I have a lot of fans in Texas, being born and raised in San Antonio. So, I know that 4hour drive is not going to be much for my people back home. So, I know come July 19th, there's going to be, you know, a lot of fans for me. I mean, it's just it's crazy to see where I've come from. I was the first fight when I fought here. So, I wasn't even signed to match room yet. So, 5 years later, uh, I'm the main event defending my titles against, um, KAFU unification fight. So, I mean, it's a full circle moment. I'm just happy to be back. Happy to be in the position I'm in. And come July 19th, going to be fireworks. Oh, what I know about Kapo, he's coming off a huge upset victory against Naka in Japan. People know it's very hard to defeat a Japanese fighter in their home soil. So, I know he's coming off that win very hungry and he's looking to do the same here, but I'm a different fighter than Tanaka. So, whether it's decision or knockout, he's not beating me. Beautiful [Music] one. Sh. Right now, we're at the top of Mount Rubido, Rubido, however you want to call it. I just ran up here from my Airbnb to the top, but here we are. Badass. Nice view, good run, get a good sweat in. I like to run more flat, but since Matchum pulled up, I had to had to run it for y'all. This is actually the first run I did when I got to RGBA. I got to the camp house at night time, went to sleep. Next morning, everybody woke up and we all came to run here. I was 15 at the time trying to keep up with the pros, but back then I was a little smaller. So, I couldn't really do it. But 10 years, here I am. 10 years later, world champion myself, so badass to see how far I've come since then. This is a perfect spot to just reflect on anything really, life in general, how far I've come in my career. But, I mean, it's just like 10 years ago, I was only 15 years old. still an amateur, no pro fights, not signed to any major promotion, nothing. I was on my way up, but like I said, 10 years later, world champion, multiple divisions, on my way to unify another division. So, I mean, time flies and just the whole journey itself has been badass. It's been a blessing. A lot of ups and downs, but here we are. We're at the top. Honestly, bro, it's it's mind-blowing. just I know I'm kind of the person that's never satisfied, but when I actually sit down, you know, moments like this or when I'm driving, I just think back to like how far I've come, how far I mean, since I started boxing at 10 years old, my parents sacrificed their life. They I mean miss work multiple days and even had to quit jobs at times just to provide for us to be where we are today and just to be able to you know fulfill our dreams with the help of my parents and now be able to give back to them is just a blessing and I wouldn't want it any other way. I've been blessed with great parents and if it weren't for them I wouldn't be where I'm at. So all the props and everything goes to them. Very thankful. I'm never satisfied. There's always more that I want. There's always more to accomplish. Like I said earlier in the day, my dream was to become world champion. And I accomplished that 3 years ago. And here I am still training my ass, working just as hard as I was when I was 15 years old. You know, trying to prove myself to Robert. But I mean, like I said, we're just couple weeks away now from fight night. Just looking to unify another division. And I'm more than excited, more than ready to go out there and just perform in front of my home state fans. I feel like this is just the beginning right here. Unifying another division, move me up another number hopefully, and just the rest is history from there.