Kind: captions Language: en You have the key. Yeah. Bye, Star. Bye, Rex. Bye, guys. Love y'all. Be good. Let's go that way and then that way. So, right now we're walking eightball from the crib. I went one day, stopped by and they were cool. They they treated me good. Uh hooked me up with some coffee and a bandana. Ever since then, I just kept going back and eventually they opened this spot and here we are now. For those that don't know, San Antonio, it can be dangerous obviously on on the on the wrong side, but where I grew up, I mean, I grew up in a in a good neighborhood, good parents, good school, but um I mean, like I said, there's there's bad parts that you don't want to go to, but San Antonio is cool. It's my home. I'm what I'm used to. Get your ass in there. What up, dog? How you doing? Chilling. What up, Benjamin? This is my homie Ben. He's one of the owners of Aball. How's it going, man? Uh, yeah, we've been here for about a year and uh going on a half. We started off as a truck right up the street. One day he just showed up. just turned into one of those things where we'd see him every day and uh you know he would just get hot latte, ice latte, I mean whatever really he's in the mood for. Man, we were at the time we were a lot slower and uh business. Showed up one day and we're like chilling outside the truck. Spend hours outside. Yeah, we would spend like hours just hanging out. We showed up and we're like, "Oh, okay. Let's get in. Just going to start working." He's like, "Oh, no. I'm here to hang out." are like, "Oh, all right." Like, "Okay, yeah, let's hang out." Was a good customer. And then we ended up turning out to be, you know, really good friends. They actually taught me how to make a coffee. I'm still learning somewhat, but they taught me, you know, the the main part. And then eventually after boxing, when I retire, hopefully they're still around. We can team up and do something. It's a relationship I want to keep going, especially with the coffee. How's it look? I do get recognized a lot more than before, but I mean people I feel like here at Aball, they're used to see me already, but like outside a ball, they kind of like sometime I see them shaking and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Like it's crazy. It's an honor, you know, to be known in a city where you're from, born and raised, where you probably represent inside the ring. When you get that love back, it just it makes it all worth it. The reason I don't live a flashy lifestyle is just because I've never been around it. I know what I've done in the sport, but I just like to remain who I was back then before. Tastes good. Let me try it. I snapped. Come here. Come here. There she is. This is my only customer right now. My coffee setup right here. It's where I've been practicing how to make lattes, whatever, cappuccinos, things like that. I was making them for like a week straight and then I just kind of let up and started going to eightball again. You want something, Star? You want a pup cup? Come on. Pup cup. Got some little fishies. That's Princess Cheeto. And that's Jasper, the yellow one. So right here is my little my little I guess trophy room you can call it, whatever you want to call it. But this belt is uh you know that's what changed my life. I fought Carlos Gualas uh in 2022. I was supposed to fight like a a regular 10 round fight and then I mean you obviously know the story. Whoever you know keeps up with my career, they know what happened. And yeah, ever since then my life been it's been a whole lot different. This is my favorite piece right here. Actually, my daughter Mila made this back in camp for my last fight. That's her handprint and her footprint. And then she just made a little mess with that. I mean, of course, before her, I was motivated just to accomplish what I had in mind. But now that I have had my daughter, it's it's different just because I have a mouth to feed now. I got to set a good path for her to to have a better life. I just it just motivates me to go 10 times harder inside the gym or just win these big fights, give her a better life. I mean, it's changed me a lot mentally just because I feel like it it made me mature a lot more, making better decisions outside of the ring. I want her to have someone to look up to. Not only me, but her mom as well. People probably expect us to be out all day doing crazy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] but I mean, this was it right here. We'd be at home. I go to the coffee shop, come home, and just chill with my girls and my dogs, bro. Come on, Rex. This way. Come on, Rex. He's um double dappled dachshun standard. And then here we got Star. She's a miniature duck son. Uh, long-haired. And he's two years old. She's about nine months old, but she's crazy. Hey, she don't play. She's little, but she's crazy. I've accomplished pretty much what I had in mind and winning a world title. Of course, that's every boxer's dream. But now I just want to keep winning fights, keep building my legacy, keep just keep winning, really keep picking up world titles and just make myself a bigger name. Towards the end of my brother's career, he already knew he wanted to be a coach. So he kind of made came up with a plan to open up his own gym and just coach fighters out of there. He named it Top Dog Boxing. I kind of helped him out with the name. He has a lot of knowledge in boxing. So, having him work with me, it's I feel like it's getting me pretty much a little bit better. Just keep me active, keep me sharp while I'm out of training camp. But yeah, it's been going well for him. He's been pretty busy there at the gym. A lot of signups, a lot of kids going. I myself there workout. It's not only just about going to work out, but I get to see my family as well. It's pretty dope. Come on. Hey, come on, Star. It's not worth it. It's not worth it. Come on. Anytime, anywhere, any size, don't matter. What's up, man? How are you? What's up, man? all day, baby. Uh that's my nephew right there. I mean, just being around my brother, my dad, my friends, is just makes it a better environment, just a little more fun. It's better than working out by myself because I got other people to work around with. I started boxing when I was nine. I started at a gym called San Frernando and I was training with my one of my friends, dad, Rick Medina. He's the one that started us out. And then I think about two weeks until training, that's when Mario Bart's dad um picked us up and we all started working together. And ever since then, we just kept in touch and we came up together pretty much. [Music] Time today. Just shadow box. Hit the bag. get the flow going pretty much. Just stay ready until I get that fight day and head out to camp. I was going to do Franco School of Boxing at first, but then B was like, "Nah, let's do something different and he came up with top dog boxing." Uh he he was saying that we're the top dogs of the city. He was like, "So, let's do top dog." Like, "All right." So, we went with that. And I mean, it played out played out really good. Everybody likes it for the most part. He's always does does everything perfect. So, I'm just here just to watch him and be here with him and stuff. I having here having him here in the gym, too, is badass. You know, the kids see him and they look up to him. So, it's cool. Whenever I shadow box, I just try to picture myself either against my opponent or just trying to better my own my own skill, my own technique. But what goes in my head just I don't know, just trying to better myself overall really. Let's go. Let's go.