Kind: captions Language: en I'm Johnny Fisher. I'm Dave Allen. And welcome to Cards on the Table. What could I teach the man opposite me? You see these pictures? Why do I always give you a really scruffy one? I teach you to put in a good picture. I reckon you're you're the homeboy. So, they're doing it on purpose. Is this is this uh I reckon you've had a part in this. I feel like you sometimes want the bad picture on there. So you can be like, "Oh, I'm not trying wild out in the wild out in the bad picture." You can say, "Oh, look, I'm looking. I made an effort today." Yeah. Can I just say something? Someone commented on Instagram saying, "Why can't Dave Allen make an effort?" I'm not being funny. You look better. I've made an effort. I've made an effort and people are still saying better than that. Who has the brighter future in boxing, Johnny? I think you. You're 25. I'm nearly 33. 26 now. Well, I'm 33 in uh two weeks today. So, um still quite a young man in I'm having an Indian summer. Yeah. And you're not that old for everyone. No, I don't think so. And I and I and I like I said, I'm grateful to you giving me the opportunity in Saudi. I didn't need it. I could have been left um during the small. So, I'm I'm fortunate and grateful. Um I think I've got a great few years coming up in the rematch. I think I beat you, but you got so much more to come. You can be so much better. If this fight was in two or three years time, you probably develop past me. But at the time the rematch is happening. I think the fight that we just had, I sparred a few times since then and I just feel different now cuz everyone's saying I'm in the experience. After that 10 rounds, it was a tough fight. I've got some experience now. I've got I told you they just started the 10th round. I got hold of you. I said you done [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] well. I thought fair play. You got through it. It was hard. But one training camp um it will not be enough. No, not the training camp. The training camp. The fight you've just had. It will not be enough. It will not be enough. It will. I will improve more from the first fight than yourself. [Music] Who does the immediate rematch benefit more? Oh, me for definite. If I get any older, we're we're struggling to be honest. And you can't. It's one of them ones. It's an easy one to answer. It suits me more. I'm not saying I don't want to I don't want to wait. I'm not No, I'm not saying I'm not saying you can't win it. And I'm And I give you a lot of credit for taking it as does everyone else. I thought you I thought you'd go another way. I actually advise you to to go a different way. I thought you would. I thought you should. The immediate rematch can only favor me as the older man. The sooner the better. Why won't you lose? I don't want to lose. I just don't I haven't lost yet. I know it was a close fight. I know it could have gone either way, but I've still won and I want to keep the winning streak going. I just think it doesn't come down to wanting it. It's not about wanting it. I'm just better than you. I genuinely believe that and I think Why didn't you finish me off last time? I couldn't. I went knackered. I started the camp uh 21 and a half stone. I was in fat camp for 6 weeks. Um that's the interesting thing because I I'm just so was so much better. You will have improved because you had no experience. You didn't really have any business boxing me the first time, never mind the second time. Um it's not that I can't lose. I've lost seven times. losing isn't really an issue to me. Hence the no pressure. But um I don't feel like I will lose because my boxing ability is just it's just night and day different and the time you've had in between it just isn't enough in my opinion. I've lost seven times. I can't sit here and tell you lose is not an option. I have sat on the stool twice. One of them literally if I have carried on I probably wouldn't be sat here now. And the other one I jacked cuz I I just couldn't be asked. I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I thought why am I going to get hammered at my age when I've got kids. So losing is an option. You will think differently cuz I remember being your age and thinking I was the hardest man in the world as well. But as you don't think I'm the hardest man in the world. No, but you have that mindset. I'm not going to lose. I'm going to sit on me. I'm never going to quit. I thought I said that all the time. I'm never quit. Never going to quit. And I did. But quitting is not about being the hardest man in the world. What I will tell you is this. Everyone has their limits. You can be as bad as you want. You can be the hardest man in the world. You can be the toughest. Cuz I'm a I'm an odd man. You are. But you have your limits. One day you'll understand. I used to make comments, he quit. Oh my god, he quit. Mate, I'm an idiot. And I say this as an older man with respect. You'll appreciate it one day. Believe me, you'll go, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I probably shouldn't say things like that. I survived your best punch. Now what? Don't think you need I ate you with a left hook. It was a good shot. You took it. And then after that, I think the stink amount of punches. know what it is as well. I didn't see it. You switched off and I left up. You did well to get up. I don't think either of us hit each other with the best shots. If you switch me lights off, you switch me lights off. But if if if I've got any say in it. So the body shots were good. I thought he did some amazing things for experience. I thought this is great. I thought, yeah, I was talking you through the fight all the way through. I was talking you through it. Is the man in front of me any good at boxing? I think I think you're okay to be honest. I think I think we are British title level around that. Well, okay. For me, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hell. That's No, that's okay. Okay. No, I say okay because we're talking boxing. Yeah, you're a great athlete. Phenomenal athlete. Like you say, you play. You're a good athlete. Good. Uh, fast, strong, powerful, good. Very No, I would say a great athlete. Okay. Boxer. I'm a good athlete. Very good boxer. Very good. I would say so. I'm not having a dig. You've had 12 amateur fights and how many profile? You can't be any good. You can't be any good. It's just impossible. I'm And I'm not even digging. People are watching for looking at him digging away. I'm not It's impossible to be any good. But for me, a British title is a unbelievable achievement. No, but what I'm saying is if you was to win a British title tomorrow, it wouldn't be from your boxing ability. It' be from being a good athlete and a good puncher. But I'll still be the British. You still be the British champion. Yeah. But that question was, are you a good boxer? The question is, okay. Yeah. Were you at any any point hurt in the first fight? Yes. Yes, we know that. Yeah, for certain. I would say in 32 pro fights, anytime I box anyone remotely good. I've been hurt in every fight you get hurt. It's hard. It's 10 oz gloves and your big lumps and you can punch. Most heavyweights can punch. Anyone over 14 stone. Can I please do a impression of the man in front of me? I'm just from Doncaster, you know, just I've got my wife and kids at home and this is I've got I've got to do the job I've got to do. It doesn't really matter if it's Saudi or it's copper box, you know. Got to have cup of tea. We're going to have uh we're going to have a good old scrap cup of tea after. We'll be mates, you know. We'll be mates. What makes me think I won the first fight? Listen, I watched it back. I didn't watch it back till a few weeks after and I thought I won one to four and then I thought I won the 10th round. I thought I came back quite strong in there and I watched the sixth and I thought I won the sixth. So, it's a detail but with your knockdown, there's still one point behind. But I'm not looking at that round thinking thinking that someone can't score it another way. Boxing is a subjective sport. If you win one more round, if you win one of the first four rounds, you then win or it's a draw. like it's it's a close we said this after the fight. It's a it's a very very close fight, but I I think looking at it objectively, I won round one to four and I won six and I won 10. I thought you definitely won one and two, probably won three. Four was closer. Yeah. Um I won five. Six. Uh I hurt you a couple of times, but you probably landed more punches. I won seven, eight, and nine. And I thought I nicked 10. You thought you nicked 10? Yeah, I thought I nicked 10 cuz you landed a good right on the ropes. That side didn't really land a scoring punch. So, I thought I won probably 95, 94, 96, 93. Can I please give a detailed prediction of what I'd do to this man in the ring on May the 17th? So, I I've never made predictions in any of my fights of whether it's going to be a knockout or round one. You have to be prepared for any eventuality. As you said, boxing's a tough game and you could hit me in round one, I could hit you in round one. It's all over. It's lights out. It's just uh you made for me to be honest because I know I I'll draw you into a fight a little bit earlier this time and um you didn't throw any punches in the first round really. Yeah, I didn't need it to didn't need to. Yeah, just have a little I'll probably throw a few too many or might I didn't throw enough. But if you don't if you throw less punches, I'll get closer sooner. Yeah. And if I throw throw too many by the time I get to you, but I might land one more and I might land one more and they take an effect later in the fight. The only problem is as soon as soon as you get into a fight with me, it's not that I'm harder than you or tougher. I'm just clever than you. You could win this fight easily. You could box my head off like the first two rounds. You can't resist. And at the copper box, you will not resist. Bowl that one in. But you will not resist. If it lands If it lands in the right spot enough or it lands in if it lands there once or if it lands in the the sort of right spot a few times. But what I'm saying to you is this. If you get into a fight with me, I'll be here because I'm just better boxer than you. He didn't beat me last time enough for the to convince the judges. This will be even more hectic than the first one. That's good. It's going to comp. Yeah. I want the third one. We can have five. I want 10. [Music]