Kind: captions Language: en Protect yourselves at all times. Touch gloves. Good luck, lads. [Music] [Applause] Second down. Round one. [Applause] But certainly this fight in general Brown's a bit of a talent. Yeah, he is 15 and0. Five of those by stoppage and I spoke to him at yesterday's weighing. He's got the bit between his teeth. Really wants to put in a good performance and desperate to fight for titles ideally next time out. Victor Ionascu, 30 year old. What I like, sorry, Shannon. Sorry. What I like already is um Niles already taking his head off the line. Um so nothing nothing can come back. Yeah, good head movement sitting on the outside coming back inside looking nice and composed. Barry, you know what he does very well and you don't see it very often anymore. He uses his forearms to block shots. He doesn't just put his hands up. You'll see that the arms actually moving to block the shots. So you see it there then. So he's being aggressive. He's moving his head as Shannon said, but also he's using the gloves and the forearms to sort of parry the shots away to slide forward and put pressure on his opponent. He's always looking to be aggressive. Just poking out that jabascu coming a little high. We've already seen L. Brown throw that right hand as he does there. Very accurate with the shot. This is good work. Out to the body there as well. That was good that that last little movement there just to take the emphasis away from the head. A lovely double left hook. There's that right hand just missing with the shot on that occasion. Looking nice and relaxed, Shannon. Yeah, for sure. He um I did see that he stopped a guy called Patrick Fiola with a right hand and he's already established that right hand. So, um causing himself a power as well. So, we'll see if he gets that stoppage with that right hand. Yeah, we'll keep an eye out on that one. Speaking to Pat Barrett, the trainer, asked him, "How far do you think Bran can go?" And he says honestly all the way work effort. He's learning all the time. He come from a Mu Thai background. He really says he's served his apprenticeship and getting about his work really really well here. And one his work ethic, but in the ring he's busy. You see he's busy. He's not he's not rushing any of his work. He's always looking to be busy all the time. He's always giving you something to think about. Always a problem. And with that stealing your space and pushing you back. Yeah, really good variation again just finding the home for two left uppercuts. Oh, a nice left hook there. He needs to keep that right hand tucked up by Daniel lifts that chin up but also sort of drops his hands and also widens widens the gap between each club which gives you an opportunity to to pick your target quite comfortably. Oh, there's a left hook there. Bundles to the canvas. He takes a knee. There's that power from N. Brown. It looks a little unsteady onu. And saved by the bell barry. You know what? I don't think there was power in that shot. That was just really good timing and technique. He's walking on the just leaning back with that left hook and just caught it. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Applause] 10 seconds corners. Second, round two. To see that beautiful left hook that he landed at the end of that first round. As you said, Barry, loads of power, just accurate with the shot. Credit to Onashu here poking out the jab. But again, that chin dangerously high. And that's where Narra, he just jabs up and jabs down and bends his leg. He can literally you got a free shot with that right hand, which means he can afford to lift the elbow up. Bring it right over the top bowler over. I think it's important as well that the fact he Nile's not come out rushing to to get that stoppage as well. And he had him hurt in that previous round. Good point, guys. That's a good pose, isn't it? Yeah. Down about back about his work really, really well here. The stalking his man. Good footwork, good head movement, tucking up nicely. And Ascu does have six losses on his record, but does come from good company. 63 wins, two losses, and two draws is a combined record. He's coming off two stoppage wins as well, both in April. But this is good work from Brown doubling up the left hook. Very, very good. variation shown on the man from Stockpool. [Applause] Again, the concentration all the time. Again, I see the way he moves that that head, but also the the arms and the shoulders working with it. Well, the block shots coming forward. I I'll tell you what he doesn't have. He doesn't have that typical sort of mutile kickboxing sort of style. He looks like a conventional boxer. You know, sometimes I don't know if you know what I mean. the these kickboxers that turn professional. They're quite upright and they flare their elbows out a little. It's more the conventional boxer to me, Brown. Yeah. No, it's very good. I I come from a kickboxing background. So, um I totally understand what you're saying there. Um where they got the chins in the air or they're jumping up and down. But I love the fact that Nar's very composed in his work. Switching to Saw just getting his left foot across to try and find that left hook again. Barry, you got to just start bringing up through the middle now though. I mean, he's his shots actually pretty good. He's picking the right shot for the right time, but there is a gap through the middle and he throws that right hand over the top rather than left. Dip the shoulder through the left through the middle. Nice little uppercut from Manascu there through the guard of M Brown. Brown said he's been sparring with unbeaten Carl Davies for this one. 10 and0 fighter. Good preparation and really enjoying his work at the minute. Right to the body front by a left hook upstairs there from from Brown. Nice spin off as well from N Brown there back on the ropes. Just creeping forward now facing Germany. Ionasu. Another good round from Nile Brown. at the Arena in Manchester. That's [Music] [Applause] 10 seconds. The intimidating thicker that is Barrett. Very good fighter. He was a very good coach. [Applause] Barry Jones. Third round we go. Anything you'd like me to scare the mice and mice. Anything you you'd want to see from Brown as good as he's been? Shannon. Um um I just think so far the shot selection variation has been superb. So I'm I'm really liking what I'm seeing at the moment. Yeah, boxing nicely. I think he can be a little bit more adventurous now. I think he's got got a really ste and keeping the shape's very important and he can really control. But I do think he can like wing away a bomb now and again. Yeah, showing his levels here. I think you mentioned it as well with that right hand over the top. He can really turn into that shot. the the the jab of is lazy. The chin as we've mentioned numerous times is high says his name a dream of his will be to fight Stockport County football club got high expectations of himself wants to achieve big things in this sport and that's good work to the body. Yeah, love the body work. composure very very good from Brown. T was really good the constant pressure with the feet even when he's not throwing that he's he's always a menacing figure in front of you and that tires you out even without the work ethic just the walking forward putting his shadow making you panic has been stopped a couple of times but as I said again good fighters he's going to have to work for the stoppage brown but starting to up the tempo a little bit here oh that's a good right hand just leaning back on The shot onu left eyebrow there. Just a little swelling underneath it. Whether was the inside of his glove, but he's blocked a shot or something. [Applause] from the same gym as Robin Reed did. Null Brown just looking around me here as well in this arena. The arena started to take their seats here. Promises to be a cracking main event. He does Jack hat while you bank that de that monster with Brian James absolutely brilliant just you always knew you're going to get a well school fighter nice jab to the body good work he's boxing nicely brownie really is [Music] [Applause] opting to stand in between rounds. Nile Brown. Have a look at these highlights. Shannon, impressed. I'm very impressed. Um I've seen him box once before and but I've loved what I'm seeing and I think he's going to go really far in this sport. Yeah, it's good. I mean, we're always looking for things, aren't we? So, this be a bit critical. I mean, I think he's let him off the hook a little bit, but no, I mean, I like the way he does it. He keeps control and hasn't taken any silly risks, but I do think it's been a fight here that he probably could afford, you know, to to be a little more adventurous like I mentioned earlier. So, he's not I don't think B's a big puncher. He's a correct puncher and he and he pressures you with, you know, with with with volume, but I think I think if he let a few bombs go with that foot pressure as well that he that he's showing, I think will will cave in. Round four. But into the second half of this fight, will we see, as Barry called them, some big bombs detonated from Nile Brown? Perhaps a change in pace. So far, as Shannon has pointed out, boxing really, really well. I think um Nile could could add a few more faints. Um just kind of surprise Victor with what he's going to do next. Trying to walk him onto the shot there, isn't he? That little jab, take a little step back. Yeah, that was good work from Brown just missing with a heavy right hand there. But the right idea. Credit to Ashu coming forward looking to to force the pace himself. Again, that chin's high, Barry. That's say cuz cuz he has his chin so high, you got to be pushing him back. But the guy who puts his chin high, but especially when you throw a shot and the way he throws a shot a little bit labored. So if you push him back, you know when he throws that chin's going to come up. He's going to be off balance cuz he's leaning back. Then you dip and swing. Leaning back on the shots as you say. And obviously Brown had to bring his feet in, take a double step. Good for that right hand, but showing us defensive skills on the back foot. Just blocking that left hook. Onasu. Good uppercut there from Brown. Yeah, he took a step back there, didn't he? Ionasu, I think he's enjoying this, Brown, isn't he? He has he's had a few ad fights for Eddie in his career. This is not one of them. You can see he's enjoying that. Yeah, as I said, Pat Barrett was saying to me yesterday, he feels he's served his apprenticeship. He's been on those small halls, as I mentioned, and he's had some tough fights and feels he's ready now to be let off the leash, challenged for some sort of titles. He's hungry and determined. Nice work, Shannon, behind that lead hand, bubbling up the jab, head and body. Yeah, it's really good. Really good body work as well. Right idea though. It's the right idea. Just managed to take the sting out of that shot. Didn't he ask? Just sort of lent back on it. Come back with a long left hook. Then he he seems to unravel, doesn't he? Ironu, as soon as he starts letting the the punches go in bunches. You see there the head rocking back. He's tucking up well there though. But again, the chin comes high. Nice little step to the right hand side throwing the left. That was good though fromu. Intelligent spinning brown back onto the ropes. [Applause] Oh, and down goes again. Good work. Backed onto the ropes was Brown. And he's not going to make this count as Oh, but he's up on nine. And he bravely gets to his feet. And again right at the end of the round, but he sniffs victory here, Brown. And he's getting to work. Really letting the shots go. Will he survive this round? The bell goes he does. But that's another terrific round from Nile. Brown. Heavy on floor shots. Barry. Lovely. The finish actually the finish there at the end of the line. He just couldn't get a clean shot on target. Referee Steve Gray looking to step in, but no clean shot managed. That's good refereeing. But the shot, the left hook that hurt him, then the uppercut that helped him on his way. That was good work there from Braum. Impressive stuff, Shannon. Yeah, really good. I think um I think this next round he'll try and go to the body again and get him out of there. I think he should go for it now. I mean, he's got him there. Oh, it's been waved off, Barry, as you say that. The corner of Victor has to have seen enough. And you have to say the way that he's got the job done there in that round. Very very impressive from Nile Brown. He moves to 16 and0. Gets his sixth stoppage. And will he get his request of fighting for a title next? I think he's a sellable product. I think he's a good-looking kid. I think he talks quite well. If you have a little chat with him, he sells tickets. It's really early. There's already a lot of people in here already tonight. And he also he's good to watch, but there's a little bit of vulnerability about him as well. He's technically quite good, but you know, if you were to fight at British level, you like title level, you're thinking, "Oh, I can get to him. I could do I could do stuff with him." But I think he's a hard man to beat. So, I think he's a sellable product and a really good addition to that British Superweight team. You can see Mr. Sland sat ringside next to Eddie Hearn. And he aligns with the desires of Nile Brown to fight for a title next. I think they're ready also to let him off the leash. and wins like that they do you a favor. Yeah, very impressive performance. Pat Barrett and the rest of the team will be thrilled with their man. No, no doubt. And D, he had a really his last fight was his last fight. He had a really good win against a fellow called Matt McCllum. Yeah, who's not Mike Mallum, Matt McCallum, but um who's a really really tough hard fighter and he did a really good job and tonight he had everything his own way. Did that left the curtain of the uppercut there. That that's a bit of a wonder. He panicked there. I ask looking for the floor but this shot here the left hook did the did the damage originally but that shot there already under pressure yeah he didn't want anymore and he would have went out there in in the next round Shannon and got the stoppage I'm sure yeah no very very impressive Nile Brown very um very good performance composed um yeah very composed performance what what was good there as well as you were calling for Barry you know like a heavy shot or a change of pace just when it started to slow down a little bit he responded he he did what he had to do. He was coasting and he could have coasted the remainder of the fight. He didn't. He wanted to get the job done. He's a tall guy who can probably box more, but he's a pressure fighter. That's what he is. He doesn't have loads of power, I don't think. But but he's a pressure fighter who's who's very economically good. So, he doesn't rush his work. And that's about that's a hard man to beat. I tell you what, he's got a future. Yeah. Well, let's throw it back to our MC, Mr. David Diamante. Ladies and gentlemen, referee Steve Gray accepts the red corner retirement at the end of round number four, declaring your winner by TKO. He's still undefeated. Nile the power brown. Yeah. Moves to 16 and0. Nile Brown in very impressive fashion. They're getting the job done. stopping Victor Aonasu and will he get his dream of fighting for a title next time out? Smiles all around MC David Deiamante and yeah, bright future in front of this man.