Kind: captions Language: en back Rulovic seconds out of round one. Middleweight division and as we said was very good last time out based against Grant Dennis. I love the fire and that spite that real willingness to get stuck in Sky. Yeah, I'm a big Ley Butterjig fan. Obviously, we're in the same gym, same team. So, I see him I see the work he does in the gym all the time. Um he's grown so much physically and as a fighter. Um but physically I think that the move up in weight he's made in the last couple of fights has made such a big difference and at 19 years old he's probably even going to end up bigger again. But I'm really excited for his journey. I think he's getting better and better and it's showing in his performances. Yeah. 4 lb over the middleweight limit for this one. 164.7 almost 5 lb. In fact, as you say, he's got that tall frame, still maturing, very good fighter, well scored, being a national champion as a junior, very accomplished. Just takes a right hand from Rejulovic though working nicely behind the jab bar. Yeah, he's taking the center of the ring here without not rushing his word, but staying busy. I think that's that's a real good quality in any fighter. trying to force your opponent to not to overreact. And nice little one, two down the middle there from But I think the weight's a really good point what Sky made there cuz allowing him to grow into a weight. I think that's not a bad idea, especially for a young man cuz maybe sometimes you just worried about putting your punches together when you are tight on the weights and now you're growing into a weight and you're young and you still got time to develop even more. So now you are being able to do this, take the center, be a bit more bullyish without rushing anything. You have that confidence. I thought, you know, he understood with confidence. Maybe it was confidence in his ability with with the weight. Julic, you can see already he's on the retreat after 12 defeats. He's been stopped five times, but traveled, as I say, to Germany. Two good fighters out there, Oliver Zarum and Jacob Bank 2022 and 2021, and went points for both. And they now have a combined record of 32 and0. So that's a path for himself but under the caution from the young Lenny Baji. Yeah, he's bring he brings it brings that left hand low when he throws it and that and that's always a worry for someone like But who likes to whip that right hand over the top from distance as well. You can just time that coming back that jab is going to be in trouble. A lovely left to the body from Baji. Stunning shot there. Really got it around that right elbow of Rulovic. starting to plant his feet a little bit here. As I say, former kickboxer, been fighting all his life pretty much. But that's a lovely left hook from Ley Butter. The legs seem to stiffen for a second there. 8 seconds left in this opening round. He's a very good finisher. Here's Butter Gi. It looks as if he's going to survive and he does. [Applause] Yeah. Hands nice and tight and then hit down. So your hand on the way out and that's why he's going to do it. He drops it right. He drops his right hand like so it's a left hook. But just watch what's coming back a little bit. Yeah. [Music] I'm sure Al Smith who you know really well Sky will be thrilled with that opening round. Yeah, very happy with that. It's having a look what was going on there. No, Al would have been very happy with that. Um, he doesn't like uh any of us to rush our work and he tries to really hold us back, especially in that opening round, but I think Lily was was perfect out there. He was he was very patient and and he and he took that opportunity even though it was too late at the end of the round there to to let his hands go. Yeah, it was a lovely shot. Left hook by the top of the head. Really staggered and saw the legs go working nicely again behind the jab. Good variation dropping down to the body is bas looking good. Barry, he's looking really well. And again, know the point of all this not rushing your work. It's so important because you just seem more than you got time. You realize exuberance of youth sometimes makes you over rush everything and smother your work and spoil it. But again, just the confidence and knowing where he is now. Just not getting too close to the target. It was a lovely long left hook right on the tempo of that just made those legs have a little bit of a funny dance. And again, but didn't rush it. Just took his time. You know, he got a lot of time to do his work and land with a big right hand before the bell. He's looking menacing, creeping forward, working behind that lovely stiff ramrod of a jab. And I like that variation with the lead hand hook up the car off the jab. It's a bit wild and slow with that right hand. But yeah, that that desire to get stuck in as you talk about Barry. I think it enders us to him, you know. is so nice to watch and when he wins Barry he really does celebrate. I think he hurt with a body shot there as well but he's applying really smart pressure stalking his opponent picking his shots really well. Lots of variations of shots. Yeah, he's not reckless is he Sky? He's very calculated for such a young man. The way he's creeping forward that's nice and stepping out of range but as I say looking menacing as he creep forward very dangerous. It's important that just continue to steal that space with that front foot. Always making the choice go back a little bit further and put himself on the ropes. Keeping it long there. Double jab followed by a right hand just managing to take some of the sting out of the shot. Rulovic right hand after the double jab. He did good work with the jump jab there. Oh, right uppercut followed by a left hook. He took it well, Rodullovic, but he's in trouble. Gamely trying to fight back, but he's down from a left hook high on top of the head. And I tell you what, this young man, Lenny Baji, is looking a monster in there right now. Landing some heavy shots. The way he opened his eyes there, Bert, when he caught him with a good shot, making sure he didn't miss with any followup attack. Again, dropping to the body now. That variation. And he's got 20 seconds here to try and close the show. Double left hook. Go through the middle here now. But dip those legs and comes right through the middle. Yeah, credit to the young man. He's not rushing his work. He's biting his time. He knows he can hurt Rajulovic who lands another left hook. You need to matter. But then what you have to do is faint. You can faint with your hands walking back. Your hands up nice and high. Few more little bar arches on the road. Just set him up there with a double jab. When he gets on the road, you get up, hit down. Watch what's coming back. He ain't got a round left in it. Corners 10 seconds. Round three. [Music] Well, it has been an extremely explosive start from Ley Baji. And in the break there, the corner explosive as of Rajulovic. I mean, I'm I'm pretty sure they could hear the coach's instructions or war cry back in Serbia really screaming at his man. The referee went over to have a word as well. I think as the saying it takes any one of those again to stop the fight to stop the fight any more punishment in the corner and again we're seeing the that that's not where you need to be shouted at though I mean there are times where you need you need to know on the air or can't get it what you're doing but he's being turned over here is about how do you feel son that's that's the question that yeah look and you know what the referee is spot on there in my opinion you're right Barry But I think that's more the corner needs to have had a word with their man. Look, they're they're kind of bewildered there. Not too sure what has happened, but he was completely getting a hammer in there. He was I think there's an argument that, you know, you could you could have given more time to to get into that round. I would say that to be honest. But, you know, you got to you got to go what you've seen in the in the first in the two previous rounds where he's got he got a bit of a going over certainly the end of that last round where you know he was up against it. He's getting know beat out quite easily there by so you can only really the referee sort of just preempted what was going to be a bit of a toy round there for or to 20 seconds but he did genuinely get stopped. Well, I said it in our opening contest Sky that Shannon Ryan had a confidence about her swagger about her. Well, the same could be said about this young man here. Yeah, I you can see it. You can see it. He's getting the crowd involved now soaking up the moment. He absolutely lives for it. He loves it. And I really do believe that that move up in weight, we're seeing that power that was maybe being held back a little bit when he was cutting too much weight in those earlier fights. So, I'm really glad that we're seeing the the full prospect in Lily Bajik now. But but look at the focus he had. His eyes are widened when he hurt him with the first shot and then the accuracy in his work. He hits him here and then he just no doesn't rush it but barely misses with a shot and he's and what he's doing now he's not just throwing his hands he's looking for the angle. He's turning his body to the uppercut throwing that right hand over the top looking for every shot that that's going to hit the target clean. A really good display. Yeah, very good display. And again, I said it in the contest when he wins. You can see what it means to him. And another very impressive display for the local man Ley Buttery who moves to 9 and0 as a professional. Back over to David. Ladies and gentlemen, referee Lee Avery calls a halt to this contest. The official time off the stopage. 45 seconds of round number three, declaring a winner by TKO. He's still undefeated. The mortise monster. Yep.