Kind: captions Language: en commands at all times. Above all, protect yourself at all times. Touch gloves. Thank you. Out in number six for Coventry's popular, exciting Aaron Bowen in with Germany's Micola Voc for the first round. V straight into Aaron Bowen. Aaron Bowen. no stranger to excitement as we mentioned that fight against James Todd an absolute classic on before the belt he's come to have a go Darren this fell didn't expect that I saw the sports dire lonsdale shorts and I thought he's going to run away for eight rounds has it no he's not bloody hell now he's coming win this one for sure and he comes into this contest with a winning record as we say 15 wins seven losses and up the three times. He's only had three fights in the last 6 years though. But he's not been stopped. 7 and0 9 or 11 and0 if my memory serves me right. So yeah, V as I say had a very good start winning his first seven, stopping six of them. Then his first loss come in 2016 to then 2 and0 Philillip Mansingi. Then he won five again on the spin and then things started to sort of unravel for him. But he does have nine stoppages from those 15 wins. That's a nice right to the body seem to trouble V slightly and a left to the body. Yeah, very accurate. We know about the pedigree of Bowen Commonwealth Games bronze medalist D. Box him for a bit. This fell is going to blow up. Just got to box him for a round of two and he'll he'll he'll get him out of there, I think. Yeah. And that bronze that he won in the Commonwealth Games just next door here in Birmingham. Very, very good fight with Taylor Beavenon. Stole the show. I don't like Bowen putting his head on going headto head. He's that big and tall. That was good work there. Right uppercut, left hook, then dropped the left to the body. He's got to stay there and jab. Oh, he got caught himself there. There that jab. What's the point in going, what's the point in going chest to chest? What's the point? They've actually done some sparring since they've both been pro Taylor Beavenon and Aaron Bono. You'd pay to watch that. See see his coach Shiny Singh at the Haringay Bots Cup were there. their fighter Ofie Vary winning the gold medal for the box smart elite club and he was saying yeah brilliant sparring but developing nicely Aaron Bowen has a good pedigree but he has that fire doesn't he always wants to excite his adoring fans Aaron Bowen That for me is better though. Long and straight. Yeah, he's tall and don't get in the power of this fellow. Don't get it. Oh, we like it. We like it as fans, don't we? I know you're a coke for a bit for two rounds. Let blow yourself out then knock him out. Then go. Yeah, there's that natural fire aggression and a real want to hurt his opponents, but when he does have the physical attributes that he does, as you pointed out, the the height and reach, you'd like to see him use it just a little bit more, but a very, very good fighter. Go back to to Shani Singh as well at the Haring Box Cup. Just pointing out that him and Taylor Beavenon do have a common opponent in one Cro, an opponent that Taylor Beavenon starts and Bowen went points with. Well, in that contest, gave away 12 pounds to Cerro. A lot more difficult. Round two for Bowen who was obviously the middleweight. Taylor Beavenon flirting with super middleweight or light heavyweight. But into this second round we go. Voc full of ambition here as we say comes into this one with a winning record looking to land big shots but the good classy combinations well with Bowen who throws that left to the body so well he just leans in there there don't he just leans in I think this ball looks quite strong actually he looks aful doesn't he yeah he does I judged him wrongly on the ring walk because of his shorts yeah maybe don't judge a book just walking on to a couple of shots there though from Aaron Bone who looks for that combination throws out very well. A touch longer there. It was the left to the body that finished the epic fight between himself and James Todd. Definitely his his best shot and he throws it so well. Right uppercut, left hook, then dropped it to the body. Manages with that long reach to get round the the opponent's elbow. [Music] Lovely. He has got a good left body looking for his own there. Voc just firing through a right uppercut and a Oh, good shot. A left hand. But then back comes Bowen with a beautiful right uppercut. [Applause] Yeah, that's better footwork from Bowen just gliding out of range. Yep. Yeah, it's certainly there. We mentioned the pedigree for England numerous times. Major tournament. representative. So the knowhow's there, but that fire that we like is also there. So there's a conflict. V just trying to show us he's not hurt. Then firing back with a left to the body, just missing with a left hook upstairs. [Applause] Yeah, good work again with that lead hand. Just keeping it along. What you asked for, Dave. I think he's much better there. Much better. But this fell is he's strong in he and tougher than an of boxing. Don't. Yeah, his debut also was a fantastic one. Boeing stop Matio Gomez and it was that same left that has troubled Rock here a couple of times troubled James Todd. That's the shot he's favoring here as they both let Lever fly. 20 seconds to go in this second round. Couple of big deep breaths already there from V. Oh, one, two, followed by the left to the body. Goes the other side with the right hand. But back comes Vog with the left of his own to the body. Heating up nicely as they usually do. Aaron Bowen fights again trying to let Bowen know he's not hurt. Finishing the round very strong there and the respect shown. He's a character V. [Music] Yeah, another one that I would see back as well, but I like to like see him back again. Yeah, he's on pulling him. Yeah, just the time to get a little close, Bowen. But that's a nice dep to the body, but that was a good body shot. Yeah. The shot selection from being very, very good. Changing the levels with the shot. That's better there. Like that's better. He's not He's not going to get it back like leaning in there. Why would you lean in with your head like that? Yeah, always a danger. He's coming close. And the last thing you want as a a youngster who is in the novice stages of your pro career, you want to be 10 seconds. Exactly what you want to stay away from. Seconds out. Round three. [Applause] Jesus took out by an ice cube. Was he ice cube? I was a kind of maybe following corn. I will using a towel to wipe clean and he's absolutely launching ice cube at me. The referee just having a word with both fighters there. Didn't seem like there was a a great deal wrong between the two. Both trying to get stuck in maybe a little overeager, but but it's a big big occasion for both here. Bones trying too hard there like wrestling and just box long. Let the let the referee break you up. Time up and let the referee break you up. Wasting too much energy there, I think. Good work again that Brian left to the body. Looking for that right hook. Better control of the distance here from Aaron Bowen. Miles time up there. just got time off. He doesn't need doesn't need to work unnecessarily there. Big fan of Coventry City would love to fight the We Rico Arena one day as we're on the football. Remember the Club World Cup live on the zone. The mighty Chelsea although we got bashed up yesterday still in the competition and catch all of that as I say live on the zone. Good work again dropping that left to the body from Bowen. He's not offering a great deal back now, is he? Voc takes another straight right to the body. This is good work from Aaron Bowen. Starting to go through the gears. Just taking a little step back. A nice one, two. He looks uncomfortable to me. Dave Voc. Oh, there's a cut as well to the right. Having a better round his boxing. I think Bones defends his feet up close. He doesn't really know what he's doing. So, get your punch off. Move your feet. Yeah, there's a cut. You can see it's troubling Voc that right eye. He's looking for a right hand, but keys on top of him now. Jab, straight punches, moves his feet in between. This should last longer. Yeah, I think look there's still a minute to go in this round. He looks troubled. He looks jaded and he takes another right hook. Taking his time, but looking very, very uncomfortable. The Romanian now living in Germany. to start using his feet more cuz he does he has no defense at all. Look up close. Working the body again with that left hand. He's powerful manlike is he good work again tucking up well though VO but more shots raining in from the popular man from Coventry Aaron Bowen just pushing back V. You just feel one more shot could be it again. And a nice left to the body. 15 seconds to go. [Music] He looks very unsteady. V. Oh, another left to the body. A right hand over the top. Look at that cut. Oh, another right hand. I've been pulling him out. This fell. What's the point? I don't I don't think I mean, I'm looking at the corner. They're holding the towel in the hand. What's the point? Pointless. They're working away on the cut. Completely pointless exercise. He can't He's not going to win the fight. And he's got a cut. What's the point? Yeah, he's looking dangerous. Aaron Bowen, you see in there just changing up the shots to head and body. I'm big believer in me. If you can't win the fight, you're getting beat up. What's the point of staying in there? What's the point? This fell's about 42 as well. What's the point? How old is he? 34. I look up 33, don't I? He's took this. I like him. I'd like to see him back cuz he's he's a try. But he's getting a good idea. 10 seconds. Yeah, he's he's under the C. Seconds out. Round four. Well, we do go into the fourth round, but he's under pressure. Is Mikavok, the Romanian, born in Ukraine, now living in Germany. It's a nice shot. And I don't think he's the kind of character that he's going to let his opponent off the hook. Aaron Bowen. I think he knows that his man's hurt. Good aggression on the front foot. You just feel it's a flurry of shots and it could be all she wrote. Touch up well though, doesn't he? Voc out of trouble when he needs to. And he's tough going to pull the jab on. If he lets his shots go, the ref referee will stop it. [Applause] Very vocal though in the the vault corner. This needs stopping I think now. Yeah, he's getting bit of a beating here. It needs stopping really. As you say, they're going to stop it in about a round and a half time anyway. So, why not just stop it now? He's just not going to win this fight as you say. This is good work though. Referee's just stop it. About five or six unanswered shots and he's gone back again more in himself. so loud just [Applause] there seems to be a little nick under the right eye and there's a good body shot. The referee is going to stop him about 30 seconds times and the last two minutes has just been a complete point of waste of time. Yeah, there's a little I hate to say keeping him. They're just keeping him in there too long. There's nothing to gain at all. Under the right eye, a little nick. Nothing at all to gain. You're you're right. Still he's 34 years of age. One, two, left hook. It's over. Three or four shots. Going to put a combination together though. Yeah, you feel at any moment. Three or four now. Three or four. The referee could jump in. I think he just wants an excuse to do so. He's backed into the neutral corner. He's keeping his hands nice and high. Nothing really creeping through. Credit to Vog looking for a one two there. Big deep breaths, blood streaming down that right eye towel in completely second best. And the towel does come in exactly as you say it, Dave Allen. It's a good victory for Aaron Bowen who moves to 6 and0 now four inside the distance. Had everything his own way there against Mich. And that you have to say a very good bone. I think he's got a cut. Yeah, under the right eye. A little nick there perhaps went on a little longer than it needed to. Is it exciting though? I think there'd be some good fights for definite. Yeah, that that one's that one thing for sure is he's going to be in some very exciting fights, but he didn't let Marioak Mikovac, sorry, in to this contest at all. And we see the the finishing moments here. There's the tower exactly when you said it. A right hook does go in, but the referee just didn't get in quick enough. Vog had seen the towel come in. Nice right hand. And that was the shot that the corner and the referee both wanted. The final shot there. He didn't see the referee or the t did he can see arms are lofted. What it means to him. All smiles all round. Good outing there for Aaron Bowen. [Applause] Aaron Bow and calling out Dave Allen there. I want you back to David. [Music] Ladies and gentlemen, referee Kevin Parker calls a halt to this contest. The official time of the stoppage, 2 minutes 22 seconds of round number four, declaring your winner by TKO. He's still undefeated Aaron Bowen. Yes, still unbeaten commentaries very popular, very exciting. Aaron Bowen with a very good win against the tough Romanian.