Kind: captions Language: en owner here at Windsor Park. &gt;&gt; Second take round one. &gt;&gt; As I say, very, very exciting. Aaron Bowen's got the amateur pedigree and we've seen in the past, Barry, very popular and there's a pocket of fans I can see over to the right in the stands. So, moving in the right direction and he's ticking boxes. He is and you can see why he's popular because he's a boxer who he's a guy who can box but far too often doesn't want to box. I mean him him and Taylor Beavenon in the semi-final of the Comwalth Games was the best fight of the tournament. It was an absolute carnage of a fight for an amateur for an amateur contest. It was unbelievably tough and as we've seen with Bowen again against another Welsh from James Todd, he doesn't like to do it the easy way but he is of good boxer. He's undeniably strong. He hits hard. He hits correct and yeah, he might be the real deal. &gt;&gt; I'm certain that you're a fan of his style and the way he approaches fighters. Connor, listen, me and Aaron are good friends. Um, I've shared the ring with him. We've done some sparring together. Um, and I know how good he is and I know what sort of how good of a boxing brain he's got, but like you say, um, he gives you value for money every time. Um, I'm a massive fan of him. Um, and I think he's a good lad and a great fighter and I really hope to see him in titles before the end of the year or the start of the new year. &gt;&gt; And and he's like offensively he's fantastic and it just needs to move his head a little bit more. I mean, and quite often it's what you do after the punch is almost important as the punch itself. So, no jab, slip, you know, he can do it, he knows what to do, but when he hits you with a shot, I think he almost like not red missed exactly, but he's he's he zones in, doesn't he, on the target and think like, got you now. I think his best punch is his jab. Um I was I was surprised when I sparred him just how well he finds a gap for the jab and he changes his angle. Um he's never always one straight line. Um he always moves around the around the target and then and picks it well. &gt;&gt; I think already early on in this contest there are signs of defensive improvements that slipping and sliding that you pointed out Barry's tucking up nicely taking the sting out of shots and you can see he's been putting some work in the gym with Shiny Singh. Do you know what? We were waffling and all that and he's boxing and just as we're watching him, I'm thinking he's boxing really well, isn't he? Look how look how controlled and composed he is. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And he finds a lovely um uppercut left hook up to the body. I think that's what he stopped his last guy with um after after the war after they went to war. &gt;&gt; Yeah. He's a terrific body puncher, James Todd. &gt;&gt; He finished that one in the fifth round of the sixth round. That was a left to the body. &gt;&gt; Really good. Just the step out, but just the right judgment there to throw the through the middle. Yeah, Rona, he looks like he felt that one just on the back foot. We've seen in the past he's a very good finisher. Aaron Bowen. Four stoppages inside the distance. Another one that was finished by that left to the body. His debut, Matio Gomez. Oh, good shot again. &gt;&gt; Again, it's just a lovely pace of the shot. So, you know, without without loading up, he make sure he gets the right sort of speed to make you feel like. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Really, really good opening round that from Aaron Bowen. [Music] &gt;&gt; Yeah. Showed us a bit of everything, didn't he, in that opener. &gt;&gt; More importantly, you're picking his shots. Well, what he what he is is really busy. &gt;&gt; So, like Ro goes back to the corner thinking, "God, that's only the first round. I don't think he lo he doesn't load up with his punches. Um I think he flows with it um and punches um repetitively over and over again which works well but still turns into the shots. He makes there's no lacking of weight in every punch he throws. But you're right he uses his body turns his body into the shot rather than push the punches out. It's all smooth rhythm to his work. &gt;&gt; 10 seconds. Yeah, Shiny Singh in the corner there giving instructions. Rockmart elite gym sag round two. &gt;&gt; Second round here in the middleweight division. Aaron Bowen, Carlos Rona from Argentina and it was a very very good opening round. You already pointed out that some defensive improvements from Bowen still early but working well behind that lead hand. Connor, nice sharp jab. &gt;&gt; The thing is he he doesn't have to go to war. He's such a good boxer. Um he doesn't need to go to war. Um he just obviously gets caught caught up with the um the action and and and just gets carried away, but um he's an amazing boxer. &gt;&gt; Yeah, seems some good work there. The jab upstairs, the right straight right to the body of Rona. &gt;&gt; Good variation, Barry. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he gets greedy for his own success and I mean that's not a bad thing. I mean, you know, somewhere down the line that takes you over the next the next stage, doesn't it? But yeah, I think he's been controlled today. And I think in Rona, he he throws a good counter right hand. I've seen in the past. But so taking the jab away, I think of Bowen is important. But how does he do it? Cuz Bowen when Bowen steps in with it, he steps back out. So he makes you fall short. You really got to really overcommit with that right hand to land on the target. &gt;&gt; His last out in June's Voke, the Yafi Rodriguez card. Before that he beat one Ciro that was in March. Lovely jab again from Bowen looking for that counter left hook inside the guard. &gt;&gt; Ty's doing well but he's covenant. He's just he's using his forearms just to block and counter. Not with the same hand he's blocking throwing with the right hand throwing that left hook. &gt;&gt; So Rona can't get any momentum in his work. It's all single shots at best. &gt;&gt; Speaking to Chinese Singh this week. This the second eight rounder for Aaron Bowen. I think they'd like to move him to area sort of title level after this. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Got the distance wrong there. Bowen for the first time. &gt;&gt; It was Bwoods 13. Troy Coleman was the middle area champ. He's fighting Jimmy Sains for the vacant English title on October 17th. So that &gt;&gt; frees up that title. again. Lovely jab Barry from Bowen. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean Fox really well and Ron has got the answer to anything. &gt;&gt; Oh, lovely body. &gt;&gt; And there's that left to the body &gt;&gt; which Aaron Bowen is becoming famous for. &gt;&gt; Always manages to get round that right elbow of the orthodox fighter and Rona big deep breaths trying to catch that breath. And there's a right hook upstairs and the referee waves it off. Another tremendous finish from the man from Coventry and his fans in the far corner there enjoyed that one, Barry. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you see there, even though it was the head shot to put him down, you haven't recovered from the body shot, you can see him still wincing for that shot. &gt;&gt; That body shot, &gt;&gt; it's tap and whip. &gt;&gt; Tap. Yeah, &gt;&gt; just punches through through the body. Um, it's it's an amazing shot. He throws it really well. &gt;&gt; That little tap upstairs is important because all it all it does, it lifts your elbows a little bit. So, it lifts your diaphragm and that makes you more vulnerable. So, when you do get that whip, right, you get the angle right on the shot, it's like it cuts you in half. It's a beautiful shot. The technique is fantastic. And that booming right hand there as well. The way he walked up to him just with that long right hand. Watch you know tap whip. &gt;&gt; Oh, what a shot. Stunning. The accuracy, the speed, the placement. As I say, very, very textbook. He just acknowledges his fans. Our bow and as we see that finish again, &gt;&gt; but the turn in the body, the way he taps it, he makes sure he rotates his shoulders fully cuz then when he throws that left hip back, he gets the angle behind the elbow and then that right hand to finish it there. He's covering up. He's already got the elbows and rather than he's waiting for the body shot and he brings that right hand there right on the back of the ear. It's a lovely shot. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that was really, really impressive. We said, didn't we, from the opening first few seconds, he was looking good. He was looking focused and looking to do damage. Impressive fight there from Aaron Bowen, but he'll be thrilled. The team will be thrilled. So, let's hand over to David. &gt;&gt; Ladies and gentlemen, referee Aean McIll reaches the count of 10 at 2 minutes and 35 seconds of round number two, declaring your winner by knockout. He's still undefeated. Aaron Bowen. &gt;&gt; Yep. Aaron Bowen moves to 7-0. And that a very impressive victory over Carlos Rona from Argentina. He was switched on. He was focused. He looked hurtful. I mentioned there that was his second eight rounder. Wants to move on to area titles now. And with performances like that, there's no doubt that he's ready. And you'd like to think he'd be able to push on beyond that level. smiles all around. Shiny seeing Aaron Bowen. Another big show as well for Bowen that he's been able to showcase those skills. And we're going to hear from the victor, Aaron Bowen, who's with the handsome, suave Jamie Ward. &gt;&gt; Thank you very much, Darren. I owe you that five. I'll double it now. Aaron, congratulations. Listen, in your post interviews, you've sometimes been a little bit critical of your own performance. How would you sum that one up tonight? Uh again a little critical. Uh I'm struggling with the lower level. No disrespect there. Great operators, but I just think when I step up the class, English, British, European, I think I'll really shine. And that's that should not shouldn't be an excuse, but I will be better. But good victory and 100 people coming from Coventry to fly and see me, you know, that that means the world to me. And Matt Truman making my dreams come true. So I'm I'm loving it. I'm loving every minute. &gt;&gt; Hurt him with that left hand to the body. That's become a little bit of an Aaron Bowen signature punch now, hasn't it? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I look for it and uh I want to I want to I want to be known for that. So, the body snatcher, that'll be nice. So, I'm going to look for that every fight, but obviously other things, but it's going great and I hope it continues. &gt;&gt; One thing I remember you always said from day one, you wanted to be remembered for uh how you approach fights from the opening bell being entertaining. You've been critical defensively of your own work in the previous six fights. Did you feel a little bit tighter in here tonight? &gt;&gt; Yeah, there was a moment in the ring and I thought, do you know what? I'm just going to have a fight cuz it was quiet and he was telling me no, but I just thought, ah, it's quiet. I don't like it quiet. I can't wait to be I can't wait to watch the main event and hear that noise cuz I know one day it's going to be in Coventry. It's going to be having it off in the middle of the ring. So, &gt;&gt; after a period of frustration with injury, that your third fight this year, your second scheduled eight rounder, little title action next. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Mid I think we've been ordered for the Midlands title. So, uh, looking for that in November. So, I can't wait. &gt;&gt; Let's grab a quick word with the man who will make it happen. Promote ready herd. Firstly, a word on the performance. And if it is the Midlands area title next, you believe at that level with respect at minimum. That's what Aaron's ready for. Yeah, it was nice to see Aaron make it look easy. You know, I said to him after, you know, sometimes he likes to get involved too much. Obviously, he's got all these incredible fans that travel with him, not just around the Midlands, but also now to Ireland twice now to Belfast. Um, and it just he did what he should be doing. You know, he's a quality prospect that should be getting rid of people like that quite comfortably and in clinical fashion. And that's exactly what he did. Now's the step up. The first 10 round fight at the end of November, again, it's going to be a huge crowd. And, you know, we got so many of these great young prospects that have massive fan bases from their home cities and towns. Aaron's one of them. And what that means is when we're ready for even English or British title eliminators, we're going to go and do our first show in Coventry with Aaron Bowen. And when we do, like we've seen the numbers even, you know, in Birmingham and over here, he he'll sell out an arena on his own in Coventry. You know, that's what we want to do. Midlands area, English, British, it won't be too far. Two or three fights, he'll be ready to move on and start thinking about challenging for a British title. and he's going to be a lot of fun watching him doing it because he's one of the most exciting fighters out there and uh yeah, not just British boxing but Coventry, get ready for some wild nights in 2026. &gt;&gt; On a word to you then Aaron, what type of journey do you want to take this loyal support on one day? &gt;&gt; The uh it started from the grassroots every amateur show we were selling out and it's going to go all the way to the Rico Arena, the Commentary Building Society Arena. So, let's get it. &gt;&gt; Great performance, Aaron. Well done. Well, it's Well, it's safe to say Well, it's safe to say Aaron Bowen loves the fight and he's going to be