Kind: captions Language: en one. First up, Aaron Bowen from Corentry takes on one coach. I'm pleased to say we have somebody who will have a keen eye on tonight's main event, Connor Walker. Connor, how we doing? Very well, thank you. Thanks for joining us. But Barry, every time in his very short career, we see Aaron Bowen on the card. We're very happy. We have because he comes to fight, doesn't he? You know, he's a good boxer and technically quite good. And obviously, you can't be a top class amateur and not be technically good, but also his appetite to want to get involved in a war makes it exciting for the fans, but also something that he's going to have to, you know, taper and understand as he gets more development in his career. He's going to have to be hold that a little bit back a bit. Every now and again, he gets involved. We saw it against James Todd, the course, he got caught and was in a little bit of trouble. Well, that is the best fight that we've ever called on before the bell. That's that's for sure. He was dropped early. way for James Todd. What heart and courage he showed in that fight. He was later stopped though in the fifth round of that contest with a lovely left to the body and that's been his money shot. Aaron Bowen really works the body well with that left hand and the left hand's key for him because even even with the jab, even though he's not putting much on the jab cuz he's too tall and long for the weight every just pauses it out there just but it makes you reset, keeps you at that distance for for him to let his hands go. So, you're always fighting in his distance and that's a that's not an easy skill to do, is it Connor? No, he has got a good jab. I've sparred him. I've done some rounds for him um from my last camp actually. And he uses left hand really well just to set everything up. That was a nice long left hook. He finished the combination with a right hand. He looks for that left to the body again. Aaron Bowen. That's his shot. He favors really gets behind that right elbow, doesn't he Barry? Yeah. And no, we're looking at No, we're looking for everything now. We're looking for faults. Looking for things he does right, things he does wrong. And just there again, you know, did everything right. Stood a little bit too tall and got caught with a left hook again. So all so when you are close like that, it's about getting that that right shoulder almost in line with the with the right shoulder of your opponent that gives you the real turn for the left hook, but also keeps you safe if they want to throw a shot back. As I say, Aaron Bow and he has that brilliant amateur pedigree represented England. Bronze medal in the Commonwealth Games. Not that you need remind him, but we'll remind you anyway. That cracking fight against Taylor Beaven. I think I commented on that fight. It was unbelievable. Honestly, one of the best amateur fights you see. Oh, I I was telling these two Nick pro turn now cuz they're both natural professions. Was that in Birmingham? Yeah, it was, Mitch. Yeah, I think I was there. Yeah. Yeah. Aaron Bow just stalking his man backing Cerero back into this neutral corner looking for that right hook again. It's been a good solid fast start from the man from Coventry. Can still hear his supporters trickling in. Apparently sold over 200 tickets. They'll be happy with the start their man has made. That was good there from Bowen. Just little f just a little subtle faint before he threw that one too. And again, Neon again switches off and gets caught with the right hand and shut down. A good first round there for Bowen. Yeah, just having a look around and I can see the supporters of Bowen still trickling in. as I say, sold over 200 tickets. And I think with the way that he fights, the all action sort of style, and I don't think it'll be long before that 200 turns into 400. Conor, do you wish you were an all action fighter? I lobbox in the back foot me. So, you're living the dream, ain't you? New British champion. We see you in Riad last week, didn't we? Me and Barry in the in the burger restaurant filling your boots. Yeah, I was on the D in there, mate. We had what what an amazing experience and uh you know it's just g me a feel for hopefully one day getting out there like every other boxer. Do you know what that's what it when you go whether you're on big deals or you go to big deals especially when you're still active it that's what it gives you the appetite and you want to be involved in the fights like that and and it makes that dream just a little bit more touchable. Yeah. Obviously I'm a boxing fan as well as um a boxer so I love getting out there and and watching the watching the fights myself. We love watching you Connor. Can't wait to see you in action again into the second round we go of this one in the middleweight division. Aaron Bowen versus he just takes a left hook there from again just stands a little bit too tall when he throws the shots and with that then when you throw a left hook your arm especially your right arm sometimes could try to get leverage on the left hook. Your right hand can just slip down a little bit every now and again. That's why that turn of the shoulder is very important because it gives you that the movement but also it promotes you to keep your hands a little bit higher. [Applause] the fifth sixth rounder for Aaron Bowen. It's a bit different to the last uh the last last fight he had, isn't it? Yeah, Todd come out swinging, didn't he? Landed that lovely left hook. That was an amazing fight. I loved it. That's good from that. Nice patient with his work. And that's good to see. That's better. That little step back again trying to come back a little bit lower, I would say. But at least he's thinking, adapting a little bit more, stepping back after he gets the punches going after him the opportunity to fire back with more. I think them body shots are going to start taking their toll soon. They're really sinking in. Oh, another left to the body there right on Q Connor. And he's been out the ring 10 months. Cero. And this is good work. Starting to turn the screw a little bit. Really turning the hip into these body shots is Bowen. That's good there. He's getting a little just But he steps back. He doesn't lean back. And when you step up with the back foot, you still got to wait on that back foot to come back with another assault. Yeah. He's just ready to fire, aren't you? Yeah. Lovely. Half a step back and he just jumps straight back in. Doesn't have to travel too far and lets the the one two go again. Looking composed every now and again. Coach just throwing that left hook. See when he stays when he stays. Good work. Good right hand. So when he stays short, when he go I mean when he stays close get short, learn to roll under the shot. Even though you're tall, you can just bend your knees. You you're able to get that movement and then you're just ready to fire straight away, aren't you? Yeah. Always you turn your body into that natural position, the throw. Yeah, that was good with the the right hand high just as Couter threw the left hook, took that on the glove, and that's another lovely sickening left to the body followed by a right hook for Aaron Bowen. That's definitely his money shot, isn't it? that left hip to the body. Just the even though he digs it in the movement, the smoothness of the shot as well. He gets the right angle with the punch. Yeah, he really gets a good whip on it. Just looking to slip inside the jabro there and throw the left screw shot. Oh, that was a nice right hand counter from the man from Coventry. Another solid round from Aaron Bowen. [Applause] some good work there from Bowen again. You just just see him there landing the shots, taking a little step out, leaning back so nothing comes back. No, no wheel shots landing on target certainly after the first 30 seconds. And some good solid work, good pressure point there under plenty of pressure without making any silly mistakes like he did in the first round. I think he's evolving. He's learning from the experiences that, you know, you can still be a pressure fighter but not rush your work, not get involved in a war. You can be aggressive and and assertive and also effective with your work without having to take too many punches back. It is hard Connor, you know, your your voucher this early on in your career. You got that fire, that real desire to get stuck in, trying to contain that early and understand you don't need to rush. Quite difficult. Yeah, obviously starting your career, you just want to impress and and obviously you come out or all guns blazing, but realistically what you need to do is you need to break your break your fighters down um and just work your way into the fight and he's starting to do that. Aaron Bowen certainly with the the left to the body, lots of pressure on that front foot. As I say, Cater been out the ring for 10 months, so he'll be feeling this no doubt I'm sure. Obviously traveled from the capital of Argentina, Bueno Zeres. They're always tough tough as they come from Argentina, aren't they? Yeah, I got wallet by one in 2010. I remember he's got keep that concentration up. That's important. Everything's going his way. He's enjoying enjoying himself again learning from his lessons of the past. Keep that concentration. It's just it's just the odd shot that that right hand just graze the target of Bowen and it's just another reminder that you got to tuck up after you've let your shots go looking for these shots to the body again. That was a lovely right to the body, wasn't it, Connor? It was Libya as well for B. He's not allowing an escape route. Just see him stepping across with that right foot there when he when he moves to his left and then guiding that left foot across to the left as well. He's just not giving him a a way out here. I mean, so all that means even when you're not throwing punches, your presence is putting pressure on the opponent and that tires him out. They can overthink. Oh, what a night we got in store this evening. This roof is going to come off for this SSC arena. If you're watching at home in the global home of boxing zone, you're in for a treat. The weigh in the atmosphere yesterday was brilliant as Aaron Bowen goes through the gears again looking to slip inside that jab just missing with the left screw shot. But the work to the body really effective and hurt ball. That was a nice right uppercut. Really starting to up the tempo here. He's just sucking up though, isn't he? He's just take taking it all off again and that's about now he's doing everything right here. He's doing really some lovely work. That's a nice little surprise uppercut. But again, we say it all the time more than ever recently, changing the tempo, the pace of your shots because again, as you said, Coach just you can't avoid it, but you can read it. So you can tense up and you can sort of block a little bit and tense up with some of the shots that get through. But if you change the pace, slow it down or quicken it up, then it's harder to read. Yeah, variation so important, Connor. Yes, mate. And um I think once the opponent gets used to the power, you know, you're sort of fighting a losing battle because um you don't seem to get him out of there then. But if you just work your way in, like you say, change it the speed of your shots and so on. Um you can hide the shots that are going on ones that are going to them. But again, it's a good display. I think you know, again, he's taking the center ring. He's a bully. Okay, he's in against an opponent who got a decent record, I think, but still for the quality that Bowen is, he should be doing what he's doing now. But again, it's just reducing the mistakes. And I think he's done that in this fight so far. Yeah. And you're right. He is doing what he's supposed to. He's looking good. He's looking solid, looking strong, showing lots of good variation, not just in the shots that he's throwing, but in defense, moving his feet well, gliding out of range, and giving himself enough time to be able to fire back with the counters as you can see here. Yeah. And he's when you're an aggressive fighter, I know nothing about that of course, but when you are, Connor should be saying this, you're going to have to take punches. It's inevitable. All punches take punches coming forward, but again, it's just, you know, you learn, especially in these core, you got guys who who are covering up what to do after you throw the punch is almost as important as the punch itself. So, do you agree? Do you agree? Listen, you can't go swimming without getting wet. Um, but what I will say is see a fighter like this, um, he's only throwing the odd shot here and there, you can't, it's hard to time them sort of shots and sometimes he thinks he's in the safe position and then one will just get in. So, it's um, it is hard, but like you say, you need to be polishing the edges and and um, you know, just moving your head and obviously blocking shots after you. Well, still plenty of time left in this contest for Aaron Bowen to turn the screw and perhaps force a stoppage. But so far in the first half of this fight, Coutro, he's been comfortable. He's taken some heavy shots, but he's still there. Doesn't really look that damaged, does he, Barry? And still offering some something in attack as we see there. Yeah. and and again and the hands are high and you know the elbows are tucked in nice and tight certainly after the the first round where he took a few body shots and some got through and he throws a shot now and again and when he if he feels b if he starts to tire then I think will get a little bit more adventurous but not enough to to really get out of that shell so again changing the tempo of the shots maybe shoe shineing upstairs four five six fast shots just get those hands there high then you zip down to the body he is painted with that front foot now and again bowing which is quite good but maybe more of that and throwing off that a little bit quicker might just change up and break him up a little bit. And if I was to say you kind of maybe slipping through the uppercuts after the body shots, would you agree? Yeah, I think when when you watch um the likes of Callum Smith, um he just utilizes left hand. Absolutely amazing. And he drop down for the left to the body, making sure he's his feet are obviously shuffled over and then he'd switch it to the up and the left hook. That's a great shot. We're seeing here Bowen just starting to up it a little bit. [Music] lean back. See the the good footwork as well that lead hand. He's tucked up well, you must say. Taken majority of those hooks fing just before he let the shots go again. Again, good shot again. Just that turn of the shoulders opened up a whole new target for him. One thing's for sure and we see that against Todd and as you go through the levels Bowen he's going to be in some cracking fights certainly with with fighters that are going to come and fight and look to upset the apple cart. I think you'll see the best Aaron Bowen once he starts coming for the titles and things like that and once the the level of opposition um start getting better just because of he's a great fighter like I say I've shared the ring with him and um he sets little traps really well um and obviously like you say he finds that left for the body beautifully. You talk about sorry B. You talk about titles there. Listia the English champion fighting Christine Williams on March the 15th. The area champ is Troy Coleman 13 and three from Birmwood. So look he's a few fights off of those but we know for sure what we've seen already from Aaron Bow and he's going to be in some really entertaining fights. I can't believe he stays at middleweight. That's the thing. So I'm hardly looking at him and going him and Bevon a light heavy light. I mean you know maybe Bevon can know get down to super. I can't see it cuz he's made he's full of muscle but you know imagine them two get close to to a fight. It' be fantastic. Seeing part two of that fight between Aaron Bren and Taylor Beavenon. He is a massive middleweight isn't he? Oh he's huge. I mean whenever I stand next to him I I was a fair middleweight. Not many taller than me and he towers over me. I I always thought maybe he looks so slender that maybe he does need to go up and wait for up a little bit, but he said they'll know what to do. If he's comfortable at the weight and he's making for now, then that's fine. But he's he's still young enough. He's going to fill out a little bit more. I don't think he'll be able to stay for long. By the time he's fighting the titles, I think he's a super new move, but he's Yeah, cuz he's still he's he's still young. He's not he's not um he's not too old. But he's been a good display so far. I think he he's boxed really well. He's been patient with his work and he's taken less shots as the fight's gone on. Digging the punch in. He's trying to break down obviously know what he's doing in there and and he's fighting a guy with a really record. Let's not forget that. Yeah, definitely. I just think he just needs to work the body because this guy is tough as a you can see that he's just he's just absorbing all the punches. He's just he's just taking everything that's um thrown at him. And nobody can take relentless body shot after body shot. So I think that's where he needs to go. Yep. Can he That was a dig at me and you that was Can he sink in the body shots with more accuracy and effect? Aaron Bowen, can he turn the screw? Can he get busy? Will Couter be able to see out these final two rounds so far? You would say he looks tough enough to do so. Just takes a nice right hook there. just leaning back on the shot. Cerero. Yeah, but he's earned his money tonight, that's for sure. The Argentinian tucking up well again. He's moving a lot to his left. Canro, I think that's why he's looking for that right hook. Bowen just showing I think he's just showing signs of Whitling now. I think Oh, he just given that right hand, wasn't he? over the jab of I quite like it. I'm quite glad he never threw it cuz he wasn't right for him. Again, he made the right movement and just must have changed the angle and he not it's not ready. You're not going to throw it. You're not going to waste the shot again. Like that's just tied your mistakes. I think it's been a really really good good performance here from going back to the weight. He weighed 161 pounds. So comfortably. Look, he's just a pound over middleweight. So looks like for now, yeah, he's massive column. Looks like for now he's looking to stay at this division. but certainly got the frame and the height to move up. I think am I do I remember right in seeing that this guy come in a little bit heavier as well. Don't have the weight of the in front of me but I think that was the case. Good pressure here from Bowen trying to get those shots in again changing the angle on that right hand straight then he whips it around the guard there. Yeah, coming at 171 lbs and 10 lbs heavier Cro than Aaron Bowen. You're correct, Connor. And and Bow is still chalisible of him, doesn't he? Yeah, he does. And he he's looked physically strong, hasn't he? He's put the the heavier man on the back foot throughout this contest. You got to you got to commend the bravery, I guess, the the defensive skills, the knowhow to tuck up and ride the shots from Coutro. Just takes a nice left look inside though from Aaron Bowen. Yeah, I think this is the best shape I've seen Aaron Bowen. Yeah, look here. goes now. He just loves to tear up, isn't he? And ultimately, that's going to be great for us. Not so great for him down the line. That's the truth of it. Let's be honest. You know, he's got to again to control that, I think. But the fact that it's in your locker that you know you can you can have it when you want to have it can ultimately be the making or breaking of you because in a hard fight, you want to show that steel and if you got the appetite to fight, then that can get you out of trouble. Yep. There's an awful lot to work with for sure for Aaron Bowen. still things to work on, but as far as entertainment value is concerned, this man's going to excite us for the remainder of his career, no doubt. That's five rounds in the bag, all going the way of Aaron Bowen. [Music] Again, a reminder of tonight's top of the bill live on the zone. The main broadcast starts at 700 p.m. Lewis Crocker, the local man versus Limick's Paddyy Donovan. I got to ask you Connor. We we'll talk about this a bit more during the before the bell segment, but who you leaning towards in that one? Honestly, mate, depends on what day you ask me because some days I'm saying, you know, Crocker um has definitely got the power to stop him. But had also got the ability to outbox him. Whether he can do it for 10 rounds, that's another question. So um I'm I'm going to have to stay on the fence. It's It's an amazing fight and I'm I'm just going to say it could go two ways. I say Crocker Stage or Donovan uh points. Yeah, that seems to be the general consensus from predictions that I've certainly heard. Anyway, but here we go. Last round on our first fight before the bell. Aaron Bowen versus one. And it's been all Aaron Bowen. He's tried everything he can to to force a stoppage here. But the Argentinian Coachero, he's been tough. He's been rugged. He's tucked up well and like I said in that previous round certainly earned his money. Yeah. Know he's been value for money if be given the wrong and again going the distance if it go if it goes you still got just under three minutes to do the job here but going the six wrongs at the pace that he's set is not a bad thing. And also he's been a good pace but when you're dictating the pace and Connor you know this better than anyone but you fight at a frankly pace but it's your pace isn't it? you make people find your pace and even though it's hard, it's more comfortable for you than it is for them. Yeah, exactly. I I think that for me, um I sort of just get into a flow state in a rhythm and it just becomes sort of, you know, um I sort of work effortlessly really. Um as long as you put the work into in the gym, I I sort of I've got all the confidence and when I go in the ring, I can do it for the for the for the for the rounds, if you know what I mean. Is it a plan of yours, though? Do you approach fights thinking that's it? I'm going to go I'm going to make this uncomfortable for my opponent. Yeah, definitely. Um, obviously 80% of my opponents are all taller than me and and so they obviously got the advantage of the range straight away, but um yeah, I think that obviously my style is a pressure fighter. Um, but with with each fight becomes a new game, a different game plan. So, it just it all depends on who's in front of you. Lot of pressure from Aaron Bowen in that first minute and a half of the sixth round here. Really trying to force this stoppage. But but he he's trying to force it without forcing it if that makes any sense. Which which again is another big improvement for him. That's lovely work. I think he's been really good tonight. Again, he's at a high pace and he's dominated. Yes, I agree. Yeah. And he's kept thinking he's kept trying to unlock Cachiro. Oh, that's a nice one, too. He took his head off the line there, Aaron Bow. And he knows he's hurt. His man really putting on the pressure now. But yeah, there's been varied attacks through the middle. Oh, that's the over shot. Yeah, looking for that right to the body. Just caught the elbow of Cachero. Looking at that right hook upstairs. I think he's there for the taking now. As long as he can put them together in threes and falls, I think it the gaps are starting to open. Yeah, 37 seconds left in this final round. Can he find that one last big shot? It's the uppercut that's going to open him up. Now, right then work off that. Oh, nice right to the body and rolling under the left hook. What a tough man. Yeah, extremely tough. I tell you what, he's probably lucky that he did have that extra 10 pounds on Aaron Bowen. Yes, definitely. Just getting backed up into the red corner and escaping. But back he goes. Final seconds here at the end of our first contest on before the bell. It's been a good one. It's been all Aaron Bowen, but you can't take anything away from the Argentinian one. Cachiro who's thrilled as you can see there to to hear the final bell. I'm sure he'll be impressed with the man he's just faced there. And you mentioned it, Barry. Look, Couterro came into this fight with a winning record, 10 pounds on him, you know, and if he was given the opportunity, I'm sure he would have tried to be on the front foot and let big shots go, but Alan Bowen didn't let him. It's fairly hard to do this, but he he put a guy with a winning record, so you would suggest and and guess that he came in with a bit of ambition. He put him in his box very very early with the pressure and the and the jab. put him under pressure, made him a reactive fighter straight away and he haven't got the ability to be reactive. So Bowen then dominated Connor. I think he just controlled the range and every time um you know he stepped in, Bowen had something locked and ready for him. So um he just sort of met him every time he he'd step in and try and close the distance, he'd be met with an Aaron Bowen um jab or backhand. So um I think it's just that was a sort of rhythm of the fight, wasn't it? And and I think for me that was his best performance. I mean, he's had he's had some good stoppages, but I think for me that the way he controlled it, the way he kept his discipline, his composure throughout and the pace he boxed that, I thought that was fantastic. Yeah, I agree with you. Good solid six rounds. Well, David Diamante is in the center of the ring. So, let's get the decision from our man, Mr. Diamante. [Music] Ladies and gentlemen, after six rounds of action here in Belfast, we go to Aean McIll's scorecard. It reads 60- 54 for your winner. He's still undefeated, Aaron Bowen. Yeah, Aaron Bowen moves to 5-0 shutout victory against one coach from Argentina.