Kind: captions Language: en to America. And off the rip, I seen the height difference, the the the the How about that overhand right introducing Maka to the pro game. Yeah, Maka Kilo is at 59. Castillo stands at 5'2 in. Oh, and there's a big right-handed whack. Maka answers. Needs to set it up off the jab and it's there. Well, that caught Castillo's attention for sure. He straightened out and now he's ready for the fight. Oh, he wants his lick back. Oh, good body. Maka of Albanian descent, born and raised in the UK, lives in the beach town of Brighton, but he said that this is the dream venue. Fighting at Madison Square Garden, and here he's doing it in his pro debut. They're coming out like someone has to has to lay down. Okay. Castillo has heard all the talk that Maka has brought ahead of his pro debut talking about how nothing else will matter other than a stoppage and he's tapped the head of Castillo back right there. The Dominican left himself open. He's talking to him. He's trying to play the mental game with him. Let's see if it if it has any effect. And Castillo is a KG journeyman fighter. We've seen him in these spots before, especially here at the theater. About six years ago, he was in action against a 20-year-old by the name of Ray Ford. They fought four rounds. Yeah, I do remember that. I do remember that. This guy, he's he's he he has to he has to stay off the end of his jab and line the the the right hand up. You know, Casino, he's He's He's throwing with his eyes closed. Even when E even when he gets hit, he's letting something go. You know what I mean? So, he has to be very careful when he when he when when he's when he's attacking. Good three-punch combo from Adam Maka. Good body. This has been an entertaining opening pro round for Maka. Castillo bringing the fight as well. Adam Maka began boxing in the UK at the age of six. Started sparring around nine. A two-time junior European champ, five-time national champion. He said he did all he could accomplish as an amateur who was ready to turn pro. It was always his dream. And here he is in his dream venue. [Applause] You can tell Castillo is not going to be an easy now. That's a a push down. But Maka looks like he's already found his rhythm. Yeah, we'll we'll see how the fight when as the fight progresses, you know. Let's see if the gas tank is there for for both guys. Maka officially signed a promotional deal with Matchroom in miday. He said he's going to compete at bantamweight. Tonight it was a catch weight of 120 lbs coming in at 119.2. Has about 35 to 40 family members who made the trip over. Castillo, meanwhile, has been a pro for just under eight years. He lost on a corner retirement to Dennis Thompson back in April in Carter, New Jersey. And he didn't come off his stool following the third round. Dennis Thompson's a tough guy, man. I uh trained next to him. He's a tough guy. Watch him spar a lot. And Dennis a disciple of Geron Bhutennis and the Bozy Dungeon. Definitely a lot of champs in there. Lot of champs made. It was round two of Adam Maka's pro career. Castillo with a higher guard than he had in round one. He I don't think he I don't think he he respects his power. Well, Maka in the fighter meeting said, "Watch out for the right hooks tonight." He just airma mailed the left hook. The left the left hook to the body's been killing him all the whole time. Oh, there's a good body shot. [Applause] He's smothering itself. I think Castillo really felt that. Yeah, that right the body shot. He whipped the body shot. Oh, now he's whipping that left hand to the body. Time breaking Castillo down here in round two. Castile looks to be on the retreat and there is a knockdown. The first in the pro career of Adam Maku the barrage of punches he just couldn't deal with. Will he be able to finish him off? Plenty of time here in round two. Maka looking for it. He wanted the stoppage [Applause] and that's going to be it. Veranti waves it off and Adam Maka magnificent at Madison Square Garden. He earned it. He earned it. Congratulations on a second round TKO. Adam Maka gets the stoppage. Off to a roaring start as a professional. The referee knew Castillo was just going to take further punishment there. Yeah, it was it was getting worse and worse. You know, them body shots were starting to take effect. They were starting to land more more flush and he would he was picking up the pace, you know, once he noticed that he was he was he was slowing down. He picked the pace up on him and he got him out of there. And I love the uniform. I love his uniform in Mac. I love the uniform. Got the Albanian color flat color scheme going red and black. He meant business. Mhm. Castillo will fall to two and seven. It's good to see he's okay. But yeah, it it was going to get uglier after those body shots were absorbed. Yeah, you could tell he was really hurting from that that first left hand straight down the pipe right into the stomach and then it was the series of lefts to the body. Yeah, cuz those body shots literally neutralize you. You know what I mean? Like from a guy that's been in there with people who, you know, attacked my and I know those and shots that clean, he definitely felt it. This is manager Sam Jones. You know, the promise of making his pro debut here at MSG, it sealed the deal with his agreement with Matram. So, everything's falling in place. Yeah, he was able to check this off the box. It was the only venue he's ever had a desire to compete in, and now that he's doing it here in his pro debut, he'll have his sights set on bigger things. I I know that feeling. I know that feeling, man. that that that that that you finally got that first taste, you know what I mean? And it's like I I got past that that milestone, you know what I mean? And it's it's it's crazy. And it's on to the next. Yeah. I'm happy for him, man. That pressure is off of him. He did what he had to do in the training camp and it showed. Let's make this official and go into the ring with David Diamonte. [Music] Ladies and gentlemen, referee Arthur Meranti calls a halt to this contest. The official time of the stoppage, 1 minute and 29 seconds of round number two, declaring your winner by TKO, Adam the Maka. [Music] Adam, congratulations. You said you've been waiting a long time to make your pro debut. So, you're a little kid. You wanted to turn pro. How'd it feel to fight as a pro for the first time? It felt unbelievable in there. Um, I I come and I've done what I came to do. Um, so I don't expect anything less from myself and I'm happy with the performance. You've probably fought a lot of different styles as an amateur, but here was a guy in front of you twice your age. Did it feel different fighting someone older, maybe more experienced? Yeah, look, he's he's 18 years older than me, but I'm a strong kid and uh, like I said, I expect that from myself. You came out in the first round, threw a lot of punches, seemed like you had a lot of nervous energy in that first round. What kind of adjustments did you make in your corner after the first? So, look, I uh I come out, see what he see what he's got. Done the same as an amateur. See where they have in the first round and then uh I let loose on the second and like I did tonight and I got the second round stoppage. A lot of guys make their pro debut, small cards outside the spotlight. You're here in New York City at Maza Square Garden making your pro debut. How did it feel to fight here in New York? Felt unbelievable. Thanks to everyone here and um it's it's what it's what I should be doing. This is the the stages I should be and this is what I deserve. You're an ambitious guy. You said you want to be world champion in a couple of years. Undisputed by age 25. How confident are you that you can achieve that? I'm very confident in my abilities. I'm confident in my team. I'm confident in my family, everyone around me, and uh I believe I can do it. You got a very small but very dedicated fan base there behind you. Any message to the people that came here to see you tonight? Thanks to everyone who come out tonight. Everyone from Albania, everyone from America, everyone from England. I've got the best support in the world. Congratulations, Adam. Thank you.