Kind: captions Language: en Do I think he's done it? I think he's done it. He thinks he has. [cheering] And the celebration starts corner look a little bit more despondent for me. Josh Kelly DESERVES IT. WHAT ABOUT YOU? &gt;&gt; YEAH, I feel Josh Kelly's won that. The cleaner shots. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think it's tight. I think he's done enough. &gt;&gt; I think just I think just everyone going for Josh Kelly here. Tony Bellow I think nodding in agreement at &gt;&gt; they are all going Josh Kelly on the commentary move Tony I gave him the last two rounds but that last round he was really good moved well and I think he's got it with them last two rounds I think it was close but he's come good in the last two rounds and that's what matters &gt;&gt; yeah that's your scorecard there obviously unofficial scorecard &gt;&gt; I asked you before the fight in terms of what this win would mean for Josh Kelly does it does it better Daltton Smith's win against Bruno Matios. I'll ask you again now before we get the official scorecard. How big a win is this for Josh K? &gt;&gt; It's a huge win. It's massive mon has been is one of the most avoided fights in the world in all divisions. So it's a brilliant brilliant win if he gets the nod here. But listen, this was a close fight. This was not one-sided. Really, really close. Uh not not like Dton Smith's one though. &gt;&gt; Adam, it's a clean sweep from all of us. Let's see what the judges have to say about this one. Josh Kelly performance of his career. No doubt about that. How have the three judges got it? Will they be liking the skills, the sweet science of Josh Kelly? A knockdown a piece. Murdali was game and strong all night. And what a night it's been here in Newcastle. And it's not over for you boxing fans because it's one of the biggest matchups in recent times. live on the zone. In a few hours time, we're all going to be going back to watch it. Shakur Stevenson, will he become a four-weight champion or is Timo Lopez going to beat Stevenson for the first time? [music] Josh Kelly had that defeat to David Aanesian. This was a different Kelly. It was a clever performance. He got through it and Murdelle might have lost for the first time. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; What a fantastic fight. I mean, &gt;&gt; it was a really intriguing fight. &gt;&gt; Really intriguing fight where you couldn't take your eyes off of it. For me, it just whizzed by. Didn't probably have the the edge of your seat stuff where there was just volumes of shot coming your way. But for me, it really captivated the imagination. &gt;&gt; That tension down through the whole fight, start to end. That tension. Josh Kelly believes his face is still pretty, but has the bruises of war. Interesting. David Diamonte has what we all need, the official verdict, and that's what matters. LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, after 12 rounds of action here in Newcastle, we go to the judges scorecards. Pablo Cardini 113. Even John Basili 115 111. Steve Gray both for your winner by majority decision AND THE NEW IBF middleweight champion Josh pretty much Kelly the tears of emotion and joy can flow. Two decades of hard craft and pretty boy Josh Kelly is Britain's latest world champion. McDonald Smith did it in New York. Josh Kelly does it in front of his beloved Northeast. The area has a new star and by majority decision. It was close but he thoroughly deserved it. What a performance from PBK. &gt;&gt; Incredible what it's done for this man here. He's realized the dream, but what it's done for this region is always been a sleeping hot bed for boxing. And now we can see more big nights up there with this man as main event setting shows around Josh Kelly, world champion. Finally, there's the IBF belt. That's what he's dreamt of. And he takes it away from a champion in background, Meriselia, who had never tasted defeat in 23 fights. He has now Kelly's king. He had to show a bit of everything tonight. He had to show the the stuff we know, [music] the footwork, the movement, the jab, the fast combinations, also the things that we wasn't sure he had. the metal, the toughness, the heart, the desire to go through those hard moments, the power to put a big put a monster down and then the resolve to get up when you're getting you get knocked down. He ticked a lot of boxes tonight to become champion of the world. &gt;&gt; And he didn't lose on one card even by one, the narrowest, and by four. But I think that's the right winner. Josh Kelly with a careerdefining performance. Those who wrote him off said he'd never recover from David Aishian. Well, I tell you what, it's a lesson to all young fighters out there in resilience, in belief, in hard work and talent coming through when it matters. He did it. Jamie with a delighted new world super welterweight champion. Josh Kelly. Josh Kelly. World Champion. Turn around and face this camera. Here we are live on the zone. Champion of the world. Josh Kelly. Tell the world. Tell this arena what on earth's going through your mind right now. Listen, I'm a kid from the northeast. And everyone from the northeast knows what it's like growing up. Not just a kid from the northeast, but Sunn. But everyone has the batting of us in the Northeast there. Newcastle Sun Middle. Big yourselves up tonight. He's a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] unbelievable. Sorry for my language, but listen. And that was a number nine I got knocked down. &gt;&gt; Was at round nine I got knocked down. If it wasn't for this crowd and energy behind us, I wouldn't have got up and carried on. I don't think so. I all use God bless. Listen, HISTORY'S BEEN MADE TONIGHT. THE FIRST WORLD CHAMPION FROM SUNDERLAND. AND THAT'S ANOTHER ANOTHER ONE FROM THE NORTHEAST. LET'S GO. &gt;&gt; What do you believe won you the fight tonight, Josh? talk us through the game plan and how effectively you were able to execute it as well. Wonderful to see the scene. &gt;&gt; Hi, this is my dad. He took us he took us from a kid. A lot of it's down to him. I big up Steven Green where you are. You're a beautiful guy, bro. Love you so much. My girlfriend, you've dealt with the fight week. You've dealt with everything. My two kids, watch this on the replay tomorrow cuz I didn't let you watch it tonight. Daddy, tomorrow. Adam Boo, I LOVE YOU, BROTHER. CHARLIE B. I don't want to miss anyone out. I let me brother. Listen, Frank, listen. You know who you are. I love you so much. Me, my mom. Everyone, I just keep going on. This feels like a dream. This feels like a dream. Enjoy every single moment, Josh. But as I said, what do you believe won you, the fight? Talk us through the game plan and how you were able to execute the game plan tonight. &gt;&gt; Calm, cool, collective, never go greedy. Accepting the ninth round. And uh I paid the price for it. I sure I got hard. Got up late in the fight and continue. And I remember standing in the corner and um I said, "We're going to round 10, aren't we?" Adam says, "No, this is round 11." I said, "Oh my god, I've just forgot the full round there." So I must have just been fighting and I couldn't remember the full round. So it shows how much balls I've got. And this belt's for every single one of you is listen. Everyone from the northeast, from the councils, from anywhere. Sorry. You can do this. Fear hard work. Listen. And I'm going to I'm going to I'm going to give a big thank you to me to me Lord and Savior Jesus Christ God Almighty. Listen about you. And I want to give a big shout out as well to a local son and lamb who lost his life Jack. Listen Tommy I hope you've been watching that Jack. All right people. We need to speak out more mental health. I've been through it myself. And Tommy, I I love you, man. I love Jack. God bless, bro. &gt;&gt; All throughout the buildup, there was talk of Jeron Boot Zenis. You're world champion. We'll let you enjoy the moment, but now you have that belt, Josh. You're going to have a big target on your back. Is it Jeron Bootenis next? What is the plan from tonight? &gt;&gt; [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] anyone. Bring it back. You're getting a big fight next. Back here in the Northeast. WHO WANTS A STADIUM FIGHT? LET'S GO. LET'S SEE IF WE CAN bring in Adam Booth. His trainer Adam Booth flung around. We'll see if we can bring him in. Here he is. The word discipline on the front of the t-shirt. Adam, we saw what it meant to you. The three stars will become four Andy Lee, Ryan Bernette, David Haye, Josh Kelly. You said at the presser, if this could happen, it would mean more than anything. What does it mean in reality? &gt;&gt; I don't know if I can talk, mate. Honestly, I don't want to cry on camera. [cheering] In terms of a performance &gt;&gt; from what you worked on in the gym, like you say that word discipline. How close was that to perfect tonight from Josh? &gt;&gt; Yeah, he he stood in a couple of rounds and I didn't like that. He has legs to burn and and it was always about being patient and frustrating him. You're never going to stand and throw loads of shots with something like that cuz as soon as you throw the second shot, if you look for the third, he's going with you and you you should but he kept he had a rocky moment. He got hurt, but then he got back to his discipline. And I'm just so so proud of him. This right up there for you in boxing. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Let's see if we can bring in Frank Smith as well. And Josh, we won't let you go just yet. We'll grab a final word. He said anyone. I mentioned Jeron Bennett. Firstly, just your thoughts on that fight tonight. &gt;&gt; Spectacular. You know, I hadn't met Josh Kelly 11 years ago as a kid before he went to the Olympics. And to see what he's done, he never did it the easy way. You know, he always tested himself and look at him tonight. He came in there against the guy no one wanted to fight in the division and he beat him and he's got the world at his feet. He's a he's a superstar. He's got everything ahead of him and I'm so happy for him because he deserves all of it because he's been through tough times. He's always had the ability and the skill set but he's just had to get his head right and that tonight you saw the perfect Josh Kelly said we know he's watching live as well on Match from Boxing YouTube. He talked about Josh already signing to fight Jeron boots. That spoke volumes of the confidence. How likely is it we could see that fight next? That's a huge fight that you know there's a lot of talk about boots against Altiz. There's obviously the Abasparoo Aand Zas fight tonight as well in Puerto Rico the winner of that. There's big unifications to be made but Josh is going to decide what he wants to do now. And uh he's got every big fight ahead of him &gt;&gt; and obviously you heard the crowd there. He wants to bring a big night just finally to the stadium of light. Do you believe that's something that Eddie Hearn yourself and Matram can make possible? &gt;&gt; There's nothing better than doing stadium shows and the stadium of light all day long. We can't wait to be there. Massive, massive fights ahead and uh yeah, I can't wait to give him that chance. &gt;&gt; Okay, well, how good was that? Josh Kelly's a busy man. He's being interviewed elsewhere, but Josh Kelly, world champion. What a night here in Newcastle.