Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Nutoara 9694 for [Applause] Nicholson. Philip Austin 9694 for Brown. Robert Bridges scores this belt 97 to 93 for your winner by split decision. And the new WBC featherweight champion of the world, Tiara, the Dark Menace Brown. So, the world title changes hands. Wow. And a fairy tale for the American Tiara Brown. In her 19th professional fight, she has changed her life. A split decision has the crowd and Nicholson stunned. One judge 9694 to Sky Nicholson. The other two 96 94 to Brown and 9793 to the new world champion Tiara Brown. Wow. She talked the talk and she has walked the walk. She is a world champion. Tiara Brown. Well, Jamie, this venue is stunned. Tiara Brown beats Sky Nicholson to become the WBC World Featherweight Championship. She takes it back that green and gold belt to Florida. And you can see what that means to her. She told me during the week this was much more than just a boxing fight. This was the top of the mountain of her life. The journey she's been on out of the ring to this point. The new WBC world featherweight champion is Tiara Brown. We are hopefully going to be joined by her in just a moment as she just goes through the celebrations in the ring. Big decision. But Tiara made her fight that kind of fight. You're right. But Sky had to be more slick, you know, more effective with her feet. I thought she won the last two rounds and I thought she might just nick it at the end 64. But again, either way, if it was a 6-4 fight for me, you think maybe that was down to the fact of all the verbals in the buildup? You think? But you know, you got to give the credit to Tiara Brown as well. She made her fight that kind of fight and you know, she come away on home on away soil and got a big victory. Well, the new WBC world featherweight champion, Tiara Brown, has just made her way into the studio here, ringside. Tiara, listen. This is your moment. Champion of the world. Just tell us what this means to you right now. First of all, I want to give glory to the most high God because he allowed me to be here today. 20 plus years of winning in this moment. All glory be to God. All glory be to God. What do you believe won you the fight through 10 rounds tonight? My composure and the pressure. She's great at moving. She's good. She's fantastic. She throws good punches. But I think my pressure is what it was. What was going through your mind when they were reading the scoreards there? I I was like, I know I'm going to pull out because God already showed me that I was. No weapon formed against me shall prosper. No weapon. Your team were upset with the holding. They were making that very clear throughout the fight. They felt Sky Nicholson was holding on to you and slowing the pace of the fight down. What was your version of events? Yeah, she was holding a little bit, but this is boxing. Hey, it's going to be some holding. Might be some headbutts. Hey, it's boxing. Eddie, what's next now in terms of Tiara Brown and Sky? to do it again. But she's a champ, you know. I thought, as I said, it was a 6-4 fight either way. Her pressure was really impressive. Thought Sky closed the fight well. And when it was a split and it went to the Australian judge, I was thinking, we got a good chance here, but 97 93 to Tiara. It's her night tonight. We'd love to see if the WBC will give us a chance back, but Skye's got a rebuild for her. Tonight belongs to Tiara Brown. In terms of next steps for Tiara, Nina Mena, Amanda Serrano wore the rematch with Sky Nicholson. What do you like about the options? I like my options. My options are good. Right now, I just want to go home and eat some cupcakes and some cookies and watch some cartoons. But most importantly, what are you doing to celebrate this moment tonight? And everyone watching the hometown ice cream. I want to give a major shout out to Fort Myers. My my in my hometown is like 6:00 a.m. right now. I want to give it a major shout out to God because he is the king of kings and the lords of lords and without him none of this would be possible. How does it feel watching these moments back for the first time? It's just it's unbelievable. Shout out to Hillrest, my coach Ernesto Rodriguez and Metro. I'm just I'm very excited right now. Shout out to Eddie because he allowed me to come here and without him I wouldn't be here. Unbelievable. Tiara Brown, congratulations. You're the new WBC featherweight champion of the