Kind: captions Language: en We're talking both of the Cuban brothers, both of the brothers, incredible talents. One's a 2016 Olympian, [music] one's a 2020 Olympian. One's the youngest guy ever to make the Cuban Olympic team. Both undefeated Olympians. I mean, talent galore, to say the least. You think about what these guys had to do, him defecting 10 times, 10 times defecting before he got to the United States, Lenier. Almost died on an island in a sliver of land in between Florida and Cuba with nothing to drink. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; And as stuff was washing up, some people died, obviously. As stuff [clears throat] was washing up, you know, from the ships and this and that. One of it was motor oil. They were so delusional, they were actually drinking a little bit of the motor oil because, you know, from from thirst. And now that these two are here, I think it's only a matter of time before we have the first Cuban ever heavyweight champ in the world. It's one thing to become an Olympian, it's very difficult. We all know that, you know, for one individual. But to have two in the family is amazing. But what's even more amazing is is that they're 6 years apart, had two different coaches, and didn't really train together. They had their own path because one defected to Argentina, the other one was still in Cuba, kind of followed his brother's footsteps, but with a different coach. Genetics, I guess, huh? DNA. I was real fortunate to be able to work with Lenier. And he says, "Bob, I have my brother, and I think he'd be the perfect coach for him." So, he goes, "Well, my brother's making his way to the United States." I go, "What do you mean, making his way to the United States?" I think he's in Mexico. "And he's going to be here like in a week." And he says, uh, "Can he train at your gym?" And I said, "Well, well, sure." And uh, that's how I ended up getting his brother, obviously, from Lenier. Think about Lenier is he's the number three heavyweight in the world, and his brother, Yunier, is the number nine heavyweight in the world. He's got a good size for a heavyweight, big power. So, he's fundamentally sound, and then we can capitalize on that. One of the big things that I had to do with him is get him to sit a little bit more on punches as you're making the transition from amateur to pro. Obviously, as far as footwork, speed, faints, they worked on that pretty much their whole life in that amateur program. Getting them more consistent with the jab, those are the things that we've done, for sure. Cuz in the heavyweights, one punch. Both brothers are obviously have a lot of style like Luis Ortiz, they have all that ability, all that the skill set, the talent set. But what is going to happen when the money comes? And so, as long as they have the desire, the motivation, and the drive, there's no doubt that they can become world champions. And there's never been a heavyweight champ of the world from Cuba. You take with the Cuban brothers. The best is coming, baby. Going to be heavyweight champ, the first Cuban to do it. Eddie, you're going to make history. You're going to make history as a promoter, you're going to make history as a fighter. The first promoter to lead a guy to the championship as a Cuban heavyweight. YUNIER, THE FEAR PERRO. LET'S GO, BABY. PRETTY HOT TODAY. IT'S OVER 100 something degrees. We prefer that than we're at Mount Charleston, we have to run in the snow during the wintertime. We're headed up to Mount Charleston, get a nice good little elevation run with the heavyweights, you know, get a little bit of some light sparring in, a little light shadow boxing, and uh, get a little little decent running in so we're ready for November 1st. We're still up here a couple thousand feet right here. But this is kind of like the base starting point to really start making our way up to the top. It's a pretty steep run, it's a tough climb, but uh, it's something that's necessary if you want to take it to the next level and get to the top, no two ways about that. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; That's what we're trying to do is be at the peak come fight night, November 1st, in Orlando, on the zone. Eddie Hearn, Amaiya Perez, getting it done. No, it's not easy. Yes, it is. He was running one time, and we finished, and he was like, "I saw a coyote, and I got some rocks, and I was about to throw it at him." So, now, every time we see him running up here, he has two giant rocks. And he shadow boxes with them now, so it's a part of his routine now. But it's crazy, crazy. Eddie Hearn. I watching you STEADY AND HAPPY. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; I AM READY FOR FOR hard work this year. train, stay here, and hard work, After, whatever you want, I am ready. Whatever Bob tells me usually is like steak, chicken, fish, salmon, and like turkey meat every now and then. They have some friends that live here. They get Cuban food from them, and they'll come by and pick it up from them every now every so often cuz they're heavyweights, so they they they get a little bit of room. For heavyweights, it's just bigger portions than of what we give to the other guys. And then the Cubans can also have a little treat. If they want a little pastry here and there once in a while, a little cream in their coffee sometimes. Bob drinks his coffee black. He's always like, "Coffee's black." I'd be like, "I just bought like some protein bars." We're like, "All the protein bars are gone. What happened?" I'd be like, "Did you eat them?" He's like, "No." So, we got a we have a camera that's up at the top that points towards the pantry. Then, we got to where we started locking our pantry. So, we have a lock for it. So, I mean, it's sometimes it's a bit of an inconvenience, but we know that whatever we're doing is going to help them to get to that next level. He understands Spanish, and he can speak his own Spanish that the fighters understand. But I also speak in Spanish, like I can help assist with, like I said, the medical appointments, [music] the bank appointments. &gt;&gt; [singing] [music] [singing] [music] &gt;&gt; Every every process, I need it dancing, you know? &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Beautiful we are.