Kind: captions Language: en Good evening, Edgar. Good evening, Aruro. Gentlemen, you both know the rules. Obey my commands and protect yourself at all times. Touch gloves now. Come on. Fighting at the boat. So, here we go with our second battle before the bell from Boardwalk Hall in Atlantic City. Arturo Cardinis in the blue trunks and Edgar Cortez in the red. Cardinis looking to move to 16 and1. Justin Shackle, Shakur Stevenson, Richardson Hitchens with you here on before the bell as we countd down to Stanionis later tonight on his own. I'm looking I'm I'm expecting Cardinis to try to make this an early night because I think this is a last minute replacement. So if I was him, I'd be looking to take my time and get the job done early. We credit Cortez for taking the late assignment, not only because it keeps Cardanas busy. It's a chance for him to succeed on a high platform, but he also brought us these awesome shoes. Shakur. Yeah, I like the shoes a lot. Um, and sometimes you you never know a late replacement. They may have been training and putting in a lot of work. So, um, we we'll see right now, but he should try to go for the kill early. You never know, maybe the style match up might give him um a trouble. He's fighting a southpaw when originally he's supposed to fight an orthodox. So, exactly. Cardanis has built a reputation for being a very skilled and technical fighter and he is a quality left hook that he uses wisely. There it is. Cardinis is already throwing with bad intentions. Yeah. He said in the fighter meetings this week, he does not waste punches. He will lull you in and then unleash sharp, fast, impactful shots, but he throws with conviction. Cartez seem game though. He seemed a little crafty. Real crafty. the other way. I would like to see him come over top of the jab though. Cortez punching back. Good counters. That might be his strategy on short notice. You thinking that maybe he does not want Cardinis to get warmed up and try and get his attention early on? I think Cardinis should invest in the body early. This first round, Cortez ain't fighting like a guy that's 97 and one. He's boxing real good using the ring. That's why the guy should the guy Cardinz should touch the body. Oh, good shot by Cardinz right there. Like Shakur is saying, Cardin should, you know, slowly start touching the body, especially with a late replacement type of guy. He probably haven't been doing his sit-ups or training. So, let's see what he got down there. His last official fight was almost two and a half years ago. He suffered a fourth round TKO against the undefeated Floyd Diaz. [Music] There you see Arturo Cardinis as we take a look at some of the action from round one. [Music] Cortez doing a decent job punching with [Music] Arturo. I think you're right, Richardson. He He looks like a fighter. Yeah, maybe on short notice, but he he's coming to win at least for the first round. And you could argue that Cortez probably won that round. So, yeah, I kind of gave it first round of Cortez, but I see Cordine slowly inching in. He's slowly inching in, so maybe he'll get to the body. And Cardanis gave us an entertaining fight back in August against Arachica. He called it his toughest fight as he unloads here in round two because he only had a fiveweek camp for that fight. But again, there go that body shot. He felt that body shot right there. Cardinis walking him and Cortez obeying his corner and turning out. And Cortez is boxing good, but if he had a a jab behind it, I think that he'll probably control Cardinas a little bit more. But I like what he's doing as a southpaw. Good hook right there. There's a stiff right hand that snapped back Cortez's head. There go that body work Shakore was talking about. And if he keeps staying out there, it's going to pay dividends real soon. Yeah, he's slowly inching in and cutting the distance. I feel like it's only a matter of time. You could say a lot of good things about Robert Garcia trained fighters, but investing into the body is one of the biggest traits that they have and they work like no other. Yeah. I also like the fact that his fighters are always comfortable in the pocket. They're always real good pocket fighters. I think Cardinius will probably find him a little bit more if he start utilizing his jab. He's looking for the big shots, but the jab is going to be to set it up. What do you think of the way Cortez has been moving around so far? I think it's okay. Um I think he's doing a little bit too much moving, but um right now it look like he's trying to fight to survive. You know, when you when you find a guy like Cardinas, I call that doing what you got to do. You know, trying to at least survive at least. And even if you don't get the win, and he felt that body shot right there by I heard him for sure. I seen his face. Cardanis just walking him down. Able to sneak in a right hand to the body, then one upstairs. Yeah, the body shot might do it tonight. Or the left hook up top. We whack him with a right hand. I would like to see Cordinz use his jab though. He's really not using his jab at all. That's what I said, Shakur. I think the jab was set up a lot. Yeah. The jab will do a lot for both guys actually. [Applause] [Music] Through two rounds, Cardanis has the look of a guy just getting started. Cortez fil of confidence though. You see Mo telling this corner, I got him. I got him. Just getting I'm going to take my time. I got him. So maybe he sees something we don't. How many things are happening in a fight that the average viewer outside the ring doesn't know about? I mean, like I was saying earlier, your coach and every and and the people on the outside can say do that, do that, but they don't see the speed. They don't feel the power. And certain times you get caught with a shot and it might hurt you, but you you probably got a good focal face. So there's a lot of things in there that people don't see or don't notice. So um yeah, to to me boxing is 80% mental and I feel as though um like you said, you know, guys get caught with shots, good body shots, and having that poker face is uh very strong to have. So I think it's 80% mental though. For example, it was one fight when Shakur was fighting um I think it was uh Valdez and Valdez touch with a good body shot but Shakur had a great poker face but I was like he felt that and after the fight like yeah he was right. I did felt that. Yeah. Yeah. You know actually I saw Valdez do an interview and he said he never even knew right. So I definitely did a good job that night. The art of fighting is that something you practice? Nah, I mean it's just keep your poker face on, you know. Um, I was taught that as a as a child. So, uh, no matter what, keep your poker face on. A fighter that do that has very well right now in boxing is Bval. He keeps his face and his demeanor the same from round one to round 12. You're right. You would never know Demetri Bvol gets hurt in round three. This one's scheduled for eight between Cardanis and Cortez. Again, it was originally scheduled for 10 with Cardanis facing Christian Cardo. Cardo pulled out for medical reasons and enter Cortez this week. The body work by Cardanis increasing here. Good left hand right there from Cortez. I'm not going to lie to you. I like Cortez, but got to fight in two years, a late replacement and a nine and seven record. He's boxing really good. Good straight left and he's doing some real crafty things in there. counter punching, boxing, and moving and he don't look like he's breaking down right now. Yeah, I think Cordinz is making his fight a lot harder than what it has to be. Um, he's just pressuring forward, looking for hard shots, but I think he got to let his hands go a little bit more and use his jab. So, I don't know, maybe it might be the style switch up with the south. For sure. For sure. But I like Cortez right now. Yeah, he's definitely look like he's winning this round, too. So, we we could argue after this round if he if he gets past it, you know, consistently doing what he's doing, it could be two-1. Cortez. Oh, big left hand by Cardanis. But again, Cortez wisely moving away. Straight left. Right hand by Cortez. This right here is why you take every guy serious cuz sometimes you never know who can show up on what night. So take everybody the same. Facts. Oh, good shot by [Applause] This is a good round for both guys. The Garcia corner probably not liking that. This is rather close after three rounds, but both with good punch outputs in that round. I think Cardinas ended that round strong, so he he should be up in the fight, but it's still a good fight. It's competitive, so you got to stay in it mentally. So, look at some of the best throws that Cardinis was able to put together in the fight so far. There's that left hook that caught the chin of Cortez. Another angle of it. There you see Robert Garcia again instructing Cardinis and Cortez is catching him with some good shots, but it's just he don't have enough power to really keep Cardinus honest, but he's doing some good things. And Cardin is 150 and one with eight knockouts. He's going for a 14th straight win. Cortez coming out swinging. Cortez catch him with a right hand, but Cardanis answers right back with a two punch combo. I would like to see more of that. Following the guy out there. Um, the guy wasn't expecting it, so he followed the Mart and caught him with two good shots. So, I would like to see more of that. Another left hook by Cardanis. Cardinius can't forget about that body work. There you go. That was a good check hook. Both guys are doing a lot of good things, but I they still abandoning their jab. And I like how Cardinas is doing the 2-1, but if he sets up a lot of them shots behind a jab, I think that he can set up a lot more bigger shots and land a lot more bigger shots. You can make this fight way more difficult for Cortez. Yes. Great body shot that he felt that body shot right there. Cortell is a tough guy though. Real tough. And he's game. He was born in Vinland, New Jersey. Lives in Millville, South Jersey. Born and raised. This is his second pro fight in AC. obviously taking a massive step up on late notice, but so far he's opening up some eyes here against an undefeated opponent. Hands up, how you scoring this fight right now? H this kind of hard. But um I guess Cortez start off the round like he's winning and then towards the end of the round Cordinz come back and kind of establish his spot. So honestly I like Cardinz right now but it's definitely a close fight. Yeah, I think Cardina's shots is you can tell is more effective and he is being aggressive. So I will give him the the edge cut just off the strength of that. Cartez is hitting him but it it just seemed like his shots is not effective. It seems like when Cardinis touching it's like it does more more of a damage. Yeah, there was a good right hand from Cardinis moments ago that drove back Cortez. 321. Are you surprised that these shots from are still landing though? Great check. Not really though. I am. I'm surprised just because of the fact that this guy's nine and seven. So if you was the other guy, Cardinz, you probably would have took him lightly and you probably would have never felt as though this was a threat in front of him. But right now, he got a threat in front of him and he need to pick it up. Taking a look at some of the action from round four. And I'm with you, Richardson. I think it's another round where both fighters did a lot of good things. Yeah, both both guys is doing a lot of good things, but I'm giving Cardinas the edge. These rounds are closer than we expected, but I'm with you. Yeah, I think that um just Cortez is giving up, you know, some few shots and his power is just not effective enough to I don't think to sway the judges, but it's a good fight. Start of round five again scheduled for eight between Cardanis in the blue trunks and Edgar Cortez 97 and one from nearby Milville, a southpaw here in southern New Jersey. He's in the red trunks. You know, this can be one of them cases where you say his styles makes fights. You know, Southp I like to box on the back foot and just a Mexican that's just bringing that aggressive style. So, this is one of them fights that you can tell the style is making it for a good fight. For either of you in general, what is the toughest part about switching gears for a late replacement? I think the toughest part is not knowing what to expect. Um, you didn't train for this guy, so you don't know what to expect when you go out there. Um, but you always got to trust in yourself. You got to trust in your skills and believe that you could beat anybody on any given night. That is going to be ruled a knockdown. Cortez arguing that he slipped. Yeah, I don't know. That kind of that kind of looked like a slip to me, but he definitely got punched at the same time. So, um, it definitely be considered a knockdown. Yeah, a knockdown here in round five for Arturo Cardinis. We'll see it later on the replay. But so what Shakur is saying and when a guy is a late replacement and you find a late replacement that that's what separate a good fighter from a great fighter knowing how to make adjustments. So you got to know how to do that on the fly and this is just one of the cases for Cardinas. He's got he just got to make adjustments. Arturo Cardanis trying to improve to eight and one here in US fights. [Applause] Cardinas is looking to step it up though. Can he do it? And Cortez met him with a good left hand. Caught him right in between his shots. And Cortez tried to capitalize on the moment. I like that he got off real quick and tied him up. Smart boxing right there. Edgar Cortez. No pushover here at Boardwalk Hall. Or could that awake the beast in Cardinas? Got to wake up though. He need to wake up because this fighter end up going the other way and he'll be real sad. So he got to wake up, pick the pressure up and let his hands go. Good shot by Good left hand. The check left right there by Cardanis. And another one. How is this guy taking these shots? He's still standing up. This guy is tough. Is this saying more about the durability of Cortez or the punch power of Cardinis? Is or is it tough to tell? I think it's both. doesn't look like he's he's placing some good hard shots, but this guy is still, you know, standing up to them. Another really good route here at AC. You can see though the punches from Cortez, they're making a mark on Arturo Card Davis. I like still I still like Cortez though. He's still game still in the fight and he's not giving up. I think he's really frustrated that that was ruled a knockdown. We're going to see in a moment. Can we see the legs too though? The slip coming up. Yeah. What think there? The left leg kind of tripped. Cortez. See from another angle. Oh, he Yeah, he fell off balance. Yeah, it was off balance. He fell off balance. That's sad right there. That that could probably, you know, cause him to fight because we don't know how he's going to finish finish off these later rounds. And I do believe he's still in the fight. But a 108 round number five for Arturo Cardanis as we get going here with round six. Again, scheduled for eight in a match that is much closer than we all anticipated. down. Like I've been saying all night, I think Cortez would both guys will make this fight a little bit easier for for for themselves if they start utilizing their jab. But that's a lost art in boxing nowadays. Oh, good defense right there by Cortez. [Applause] You have to wonder what has gone through the mind of Edgar Cortez here this week between receiving the call as he gets tagged with the left hand by Cardanis and then here probably not trying to think so much as he gets inside the ring with an undefeated Mexican. Like Shakur was saying earlier, Cortez had to been in the gym training, preparing, and waiting for an opportunity because he's in shape. He don't look like he's breaking down. He still look like a fighter as you know that can go 10 rounds tonight. 12. So yeah, I think Cardinas just need to pick up the pace, you know. Um good right hand followed by the left by Cardinus. I think he's trying to wake up now though. That's what I see. He's trying to wake up. Good one. Tag him with another quality left. Yeah, that combo. That two one never fails. [Applause] Another good right hand that tags Cortez. But from close range, Richardson starting to see a little more jabbing from Cardinis. No, this this right here, this moment for Cortez is is fight or flight cuz he's picking it up. Cardinis is coming. So, he kind of he got to fight him off and time up and get his respect back. Yeah, I like I like this round for Cordinas. I think he's been picking up the pace. He's in control and he need to keep doing this. This what he needs to keep doing to make sure he wins this fight. Perhaps Arturo Cardinis, who has aspirations of being in a title eliminator later this year, finally overpowering Ed Cortez. This is the fight that Cordinis want. He wanted it to be a fight. He don't want a boxing match. A boxing match, he loses. So, you got to go out there and keep fighting them. This is what you call a Picasso. This is when this is how the pitcher starting the pitch is starting to come together now for Cardinas right and it's about time you call your art in the ring Picassos. I I like to call I like to call my boxing art, you know, cuz the first two three rounds I like what is he doing and then it comes together. Six, seven round bow, the shot start landing and that's what boxing is about. It's art. Cortez throws one left uppercut. Cardanis meets him with about eight to 10 punches there. Another one two drive back. Another right hand. Best round of the fight for Arturo Cardinis. That right there is how you separate yourself. You separate yourself from guys that you know is not supposed to be on your level. And I feel like that's what he was supposed to do from round one. If he keep keep up this pace, he may stop [Applause] him. I think this might have been the round where Cortez started to feel in real time some of these punches and he he couldn't put on a poker face. You know, guys like Cortez are made for the fight game. Tell you why. Because they got thick skin. All these shots that he's taken, he's not bruised up. He's not cut up and he's his skin is still taking it. His face is still, you know, up to par. Yeah, I feel like he been in the gym. He been in the gym getting prepared. Um, Cortez, he had to been in the gym uh to last this long, take these shots, and none but respect to him. Here's round seven between Cardinis and Cortez. Again, Arturo in the blue trunks, Cardinis in the red. I beg your pardon. Flip that around. Cardinis in the blue. Cortez in the red. And if I'm Robert Garcia, I'm telling my fighters, don't forget about the body. Keep going back down there. Also, pick up the pace. Yes. Keep that pace up just from the last round. You got to keep that momentum going. Yeah. For again, uh, this was supposed to be 10 rounds, now an eight round fight. Last several fights for Cardanas have been 10 rounds. There's There's no reason really to take a round off here, right? No, there's no reason at all. Um, like I said, it's a close fight. Um, I think Cordinz is edging it, but you don't want to leave these type of fights in the judges hands. And once again, Cordinz is not going to win at a boxing match. So, um, when it's a fight, that's when it's in favor for him. Right now, he's having trouble because it's a boxing match. And Cortez is just right back in the fight like that. The first half of the fight, Cortez been controlling it. Keep your right hand up. And it's kind of been the same story with with this whole fight. First half of the round, Cortez will do good. Then once we're in the round, Cardinas will start taking over and his will would start taking over. So, you never know how the judges are scoring it. Cortez's corner is imploring him to keep that right hand up because when it's lowered, it's an easy target for that left hook by Cardanis. Whenever he let his hands go, every time he let his hands go, he has success. So, if I was him, I would just keep letting my hands go, letting my hands fly and um try to get the D. Straight right hand from Cardus. A killer right and Cortez is down. No debate about that one here in round seven. It's time to go home. It's time to go home. He's hurt. It's time to go home. It's time to go home. Can Cardanis close the show? Cardinis with a left hand. Got to tie him up. 45 seconds to play here in round seven. Cortez corner is telling him to tie him up. I think Cardinus got to place these shots though. You got to place these shots. You can't just shoot them. Place these shots. If you want to get them out of there, place them. Separate yourself. Place them. 30 seconds to go. Cortez rock with a left hand as Cardanus tries to accurately pinpoint lefts and rights. 20 seconds. 20 seconds. Oh, that was a slip. Yeah, he lost his balance. [Applause] Cardanus losing his footing. 10 seconds to go. Here's the round. Another left hand. Cardanis trying to close it out as the seconds kick off. Another impressive round by Cardanis. Maybe despite a knockdown, Cortez somehow you got to give it to him. Still in this thing. And I think I jinx him cuz right when I said he doesn't cut a bruise, now he got to cut right over his I think his right eye. But he's still in the fight. Um he's still trying to trying to survive and get through the fight. And kudos to him. If I'm Cardinz, I'm like, finally this guy goes down [Music] right on the button. Ladies and gentlemen, this is the round. If I'm Corinis right now, I'm doing everything that I can to get this stoppage. Yeah, I agree. Crowd still filing in here at the beginning of our night at boardwalk call and they are filing in at a good time for this eighth and final round on what's been an unpredictable and yet rather exciting fight between the undefeated Arturo Cardinis in the blue trunks and Edgar Cortez who at 97 and1 took the late call here this fight week from nearby Millville New Jersey and has given Cardinus a run for his money. Co, if you're if you're a Cortez coach, what would you tell your fighter? Go out there and fight or just try to survive this last round if you're Cortez's coach? I mean, I don't think he got too much to lose, so I would say put it all on the line. I think that shot hurt him though. That big hook just hurt him. Oh yeah, for the kill. And Charlie goes down. [Applause] Oh, why he stopped the action? He fell, not the fighters. No one's there to give him an eight count. The fighters did not fall, man. [Applause] Cartage is just trying to make through his fight now. His this his mind is made up. There you go. Now he's taking the punishment from plenty of time on the clock here. watching and Cardanus loses him from the corner. Cortez somehow able to get out. Oh. by Cardanis. And that one's going to do it. Arturo Cardanis goes to the eighth round to close the show, but nevertheless picks up knockout number nine. [Music] We know he is a big- time Mexican puncher. He doesn't waste punches. He throws with that conviction. But in front of him this entire night was a game and ready. Edgar Cortez, despite what the box wreck page would tell you, but Cardano is finally able to get this south south Jersey resident out in round number eight. [Music] And you wonder during that eighth round, like Richardson said, do you go all out? Do you look to survive at that point? Look, the seven prior rounds, no one's ever going to be able to erase them. They see him. They saw the heart. They saw the grit. They saw the determination. No shame at all for Edgar Cortez. But on this night, Arturo Cardanis remains undefeated. Let's go inside the ring with David Diamonte. Ladies and gentlemen, referee Charlie Fitch calls a halt to this contest. The official time of the stoppage. 1 minute and 30 seconds of the eighth and final round. Declaring your winner by TKO. He's still undefeated. Aruro Cardas. I think that's exactly what he was supposed to do. Step on the gas, pick up the pace, and get that guy out of there. And uh nothing but respect to that guy, Cordinzis. He's a great fighter. Hey, Cardinz. Can we get a nice round of applause for double trouble? Yeah, Cortez came in here and did what he could. So, got to respect him and I think he deserves another opportunity with that performance. I think he just might. Shakur, again, this was a guy who woke up on Monday afternoon, didn't think he'd be fighting a boardwalk on Saturday night. and Cardanis who embraces Cortez. Robert Garcia going over there to show his respect as well. And now you wonder what is next for Arturo Cardinus who says he does aspire to be in a title eliminator at some point here in 2025. Let's go inside the ring now as Cardanis is standing by with a Aluro. Congratulations on a spectacular finish. Uh he had a two year and a half layoff. Um it was expected to be like kind of a showcase fight for you, but he he won a few of them earlier. Was he a lot better than you anticipated? Nah, not really. Did he hurt? Yeah. So, you know, it didn't surprise me at all. You know, I'm used to starting quite slowly. You know, sometimes quite cold when I start. Perhaps that's something I need to work on in the gym. But, you know, he moved well, you know, when he and he and he ran well in the ring, but I think we we put on a good performance tonight. Did he hurt you at all in there with any of the big left hands that he landed? No. So, at no point did he hurt me at any moment in the fight. You know, I was the one that was always going forward in this fight, you know, but definitely there's no doubt he didn't hurt me at any point. Uh, before we get out of here, any message to the people in Mexico that might be watching tonight? Yes. Yeah. So the message is you know for all the people back home is that we continue to have fights but we want to start going on you know to higher levels so we can go on to become world champion. Congratulations. Yeah I just wanted to say to all my people back as well thanks for all the all the support. I'm really grateful for all that you know and we'll be back in the ring very soon. Thank you Justin. Thank you, A. Art Cardanis moves to 16 and one as we continue our action here on Before