Kind: captions Language: en Koo had sneaky power according to Rodriguez and gave him a lot of problems. If you give Bam enough time to figure you out, he's going to find a way to beat you down and systematically put you on your plate. &gt;&gt; Welcome to Frisco, Texas. is undefeated champ Bam Rodriguez puts his ring magazine and WBC super flyweight titles on the line against South Africa's heavyhitting Humea Kapu who brings his WBO belt into the unification clash in what should be an absolute banger. Over 10,000 fans expected to cheer on Texas's own Bam Rodriguez. the world wasn't, you know, aware of him until he got the opportunity with Quadras and then Ruven Sai and now you know Estana and you know he just keeps dominating. &gt;&gt; He's an enigma. You know, his punches are coming from everywhere. He hits hard. So when you add all that together on top with the IQ, it's it's it's almost impossible to beat. &gt;&gt; People are really impressed with him, you know, because he's whole package all in one, you know. I think he's like almost on everyone's top five pound-for-pound list. So that that in itself speaks volume. &gt;&gt; This is a young man that has beaten legends. Ban Rodriguez has all the ingredients to be one of the great fighters of this generation. Well, his opponent tonight, Uma Kapu, he's already gone on the road to Japan and beat Tanaka to take his title. He thinks he can come to Texas and do the same to Bam. Introducing first superweight champion world the true. Here is the world champion Jesse. The fight starts now. &gt;&gt; 12 rounds live from Frisco, Texas. You know, Capu is comfortable fighting off that back foot and fight against the ropes. All he's looking for is that counter right leg. Catherine more than willing to just sit back in the corner against the ropes and let the come to him. &gt;&gt; Every time you're throwing this, he's coming back with his hook. So, always roll right when you pivot. Nope. But always you go to the body. Always. All right. Roll. And then roll the other way cuz the right hand's going to come. All right. &gt;&gt; Don't make mistakes. All right. Capital's going to come with a strategy, man. He's implementing it nicely so far. So they got to be careful breaking down this tough after the champion. &gt;&gt; It's a bizarre strategy. Look, I've watched every Capu fight that's available online. He does move backwards. He does fight on the back foot. This is the first time I've seen him basically decamp in every single corner waiting for his opponent &gt;&gt; waiting in one position. Think let him think. Give him something to think about and then come back. You understand what I'm saying? When B's moving forward, then that's when he gets the angles a lot carefully. But when you're stationary and you're throwing that left hook, you're not going to be able to go to the left side of Kappu and to the right. Kapoo's best punch is a right hand. Tactical showdown so far. Good body shot there by stay. &gt;&gt; Good left there for B. Got that shot around the guard. Thought good body shot. Second body shot. Two good body shots by sneaky short. Straight shot. I think might be hurt a little bit here. &gt;&gt; Marching from corner to corner in this FIGHT with two hard body shot. &gt;&gt; How bad? &gt;&gt; All right, let's go. Stay tight. Don't get over top of it. Let them fly now. Okay, good. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; All right. Sergio Capu promised to take Rodriguez's head off in this fight. This is not the strategy to do that. And they're dancing with the devil. No matter if he's winning comfortably on point, he's still got nothing. Just keeps going like down the referee about the time coming in. Rodriguez wins big again. back on the jump and he's only 25 years old. &gt;&gt; I feel like it was a good performance. Probably my best performance up to date now against my toughest opponent, my toughest fight yet. Him and his teamwork 100% I can tell. But we got the job done no matter what. Shout out to all my people that spent their hard earned money to come out and see me. Without you guys, I wouldn't be who I am today. Y'all make me become a better fighter. Y'all motivate me to keep going. So to every person out here, thank you. And tune in to my next fight November. &gt;&gt; Jesse Ban Rodriguez, 25 years of age. For me, this guy's going to be around at the number one of the pound-for-pounders for a long time. I think he's going to be four or five division champ. You know that that's excellence for Sonifi. Bam is a pound-for-pound generational great with many years to come. &gt;&gt; Comfortable. Tough. Tough. And Bam. Bam. I tell you guys, uh, he had great power. He, you know, he had a game plan of counter punching that that that that hook and and trying to land his, which he did a couple times. And, uh, and, you know, it, uh, it made it a tough fight, but Bam is the type of fighter that, you know, keeps coming, keeps coming, breaking down little by little, and if he would take a run more or two more rounds, Bram would have done it. You know, that's how hard he trains. &gt;&gt; Where the belts at? &gt;&gt; That boy was dangerous. He was throwing some nasty hooks that I mean catch anyone like that you could you could you know change things around and drop Bam but Bam was still being very smart rolling underneath those punches but kept the the aggression the the pressure that boy &gt;&gt; we make sure the calm look for the fight we have to switch everything around. The good thing is that Bam's always ready for that. Bam's always ready for whatever the opponent has. the corner did the right job by just, you know, calling in cuz they they could see it was a matter of seconds before Bam was going to really put him out. Um, props to to Kafu for fighting and, you know, getting getting up and still trying to do something, but B was just on another level. &gt;&gt; I think he shot him out if I'm being honest. He couldn't have done it any better. Okay. Everybody everybody everybody &gt;&gt; where does band sit in terms of talent that you've worked with right behind or above him you know cuz he's performing very well. What does what does band have to do then to for you to let him be sit above the internet? &gt;&gt; Really retire retire and then once he retires then I see cuz when when I have my active fighters I I still know there's more.