Kind: captions Language: en Yep. Different horses for different courses. The Mayweathers, the Kzagis, of course, Chris Eubank Junior and Chris Eubank Senior together tonight. But young man with a right hand that lays down Nathan Clark. And it was the speed of that. And a cutter under the right eye too. And Connor Ben looking for a quick fire demolition job win here in the Manchester Arena. big shots and down he goes again. Almost laid out very quickly to his knees, Nathan Clark. But I'm not sure he's going to get through this. Fast up and eight, but the legs are all over the place. I'd like to see this one stopped. Adam dropped by a heavy right hand and three, four big hooks from Connor. Looks at his corner and Connor B. Now it is stopped. Mighty impressive. Nathan Clark complains, but there should be no doubt that that was stopped. If anything, he did well to even get through the double knockdown all over in a blur. Coner Ben looking razor sharp. Yep. The nerves will be probably gone now. Now he'll be doing what he what he does, what he enjoys doing. But he's very attack minded, isn't he? Really wants to get this over with. Oh yeah, this guy has had enough already. That's done. Over. He blew him away. Body shots got him in the end. Could be could be a star in the making. That man there certainly hope so. He moves a lot and he'll make you forward short and then he'll make you pay. A different kind of challenge presented by a southpaw. Only the second that Connor Bell has faced in his career. Big right hand. So often the best shot against a southpaw. And Van Herden is badly hurt and goes down with still two minutes to go in the second round. He's in bad shape. And there are three decides. He's seen enough. A sensational finish for Connor Ben after an ultra competitive opening round when there looked to be danger in store for Ben. He produces a brilliant right hand. And I'll tell you what, Cenudo is is not an easy guy to track down and and he's a pretty durable guy. Ben is starting to land some good shots. A good body shot. Beautiful body shot right in the perfect spot. He's not going to get up from that. Brandon Cenudo. Five, six. The count's at six. Connor Ben's about to start celebrating. Fight is all over. Knocked out inside the second round. Ilford's Connor Ben gets a huge round of applause from the Americans. And he did to the Mexican what the Mexicans normally do to us. He sure did. He sure did. And it'll it'll keep the fans wanting to see more of him for sure. I'm going to be honest at the m I like the approach Connor Brener's talk here. He's had a bit of time off. That's a big one. Look, he's down. He's not going to make it this time surely. Mike Cole, he's looking at his corner. He's trying so very hard. Jeff Hines is going to wave this off. He does. Connor B is back. Seven on the spin. And after seven months out, father and son celebrate again. In the gym is is paying off. At least up until this stage, it's been a phenomenal rise. Oh, good one. Two and he's down. Left right combination and it is all over in an instant. He was waiting for the opportunity. He picked his opportunity. The left jab, the right hand over the top. Bob Williams, the referee, counts out the stricken Chris Algieri. right hand as well trying to make an early impression on Samuel Vargas. Wonderful uppercut and look at this from Connor then early in the first round and Vargas in all sorts of trouble and it's been [Applause] Sammy Vargas is stopped a minute and 22 seconds in and Connor Ben was electric. most calm person I ever have around and I mean that in a nice way. That was fantastic from Conor Ben. Five, six, seven. He's up at 78. He's on unsteady legs. I don't think he wants anymore. Another knockout. Number nine for Connor Ben. It was probably a matter of time, but it was a clever finish from Bay who's intelligent in the ring as well as exciting. Yes, there's vulnerability. He got cut this time, but he did everything right. Really, he took it to Truman. Truman hung on as long as he could and then intelligently he found the finish. Straight right to the body particularly. He's maybe not going to throw the left as much now because that's the one that has been low. Good right hand chopping that right hand and the balance are gone there from Jamoy and Steve Gray is just encouraging the fighter to stay down. He didn't even bother with the count. He waved the count immediately and he just gets the medics into the ring and they'll make sure he just stays on his back there and that they take their time. Dr. Ashin Patel, he'll have a good look at him. The oxygen's in as well as the paramedics and he knew there's Steve Gray that that right hand maybe caught him high on the head around the temple. It it scrambled him, took his balance away. Another one landed as he was on his way down and thankfully I don't think it landed all that clean because if it had then Jamoy could have been in greater trouble than he is currently and they're just taking every precaution that they need to. Yeah. And kind of Ben really has fought modest opposition. He's looked apart. He's been in exciting fights but he's shown vulnerabilities. He's been hurt even down at that level. Like we say, not much of an amateur uh experience behind him. So, he is learning on the job. So, we have to be always factor that in when we're talking about him, when we're with our criticisms. But he getting caught with too many shots here again. Pvula landing a solid right hand. Good upper foot as well. The shot from Ben and there's the power. Well, Corvula is down. He has been stopped before, but this is early. And after the success he's shown so far, Ben finds the answer. And here comes Connor Ben. But he's going to have to be careful as well. Koola is hurt, but he's down for the second time. And there's the fire. The wilders of Connor Ben. And Kyle is slow to get to his feet. And Bob Williams having a good look at him. And there's a long, long way left in this second round. And Ben can finish like a predator. Right hand, left hook. Connor Ben on the verge of what would be a stunning stoppage win. Oh, big over here. And Connor Ben makes it 15 out of 15. And after a pretty torid opening round, he delivers. And boy was that exciting. Absolutely, Adam. This kid is going to be involved in some great fights over the years. When he goes on the front foot and he goes toward, that's when generally he gets the job done. It's just edge of your seat stuff with Connor Ben. His 10th knockout in his short professional career.