Kind: captions Language: en Introducing first the challenger. He fights out of the red corner. He wears gray with gold trim. Official weight 10 stone, 13 lb 14 oz. Professional record, 10 victories, one defeat, one draw with three wins coming by way of knockout. He fights out of London. Here is the former Southern Area Middleweight champion. He is the villain aka the machine below Fawaz and his opponent across the ring fighting out of the blue corner. He wears the solid black trunks. He scaled it already 10 stone 13 lb 8 oz. professional record 15 victories, three defeats with six wins coming by way of knockout. Fighting out of leads, here is the reigning and the defending British and Commonwealth Super Welterweight Champion, THE BLACK PANTHER is Davis. DAVIS THIS ATMOSPHERE BUILDING beautifully ahead of the big one. But this looks an excellent chief support. &gt;&gt; Terrific referee as well and Kevin Parker who looked after Bible and Batby of two. I thought that he refereed that so sweetly and let the fighters work. Gents, we've already been through the final instructions in the dressing room and you know I expect a pretty fight. Remember to obey my commands at all times. Above all, protect yourself at all times. 12 rounds, touch gloves. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Davis. That might negate all that from Yeah, as we say, form both for good. &gt;&gt; Good form for both. Sorry for him. If he were just to do that for as he get close enough then to let the back hand into play. &gt;&gt; Beautiful left hand. &gt;&gt; You know obviously he everyone carries a little bit power but the size of him you think he punch a lot harder than he does. Personally I don't think he punches that hard but it's never going to land here. You just see here a moment ago he let four shots though but he did load up with the shots and he had a bit more success and that what is what makes him unorthodox. &gt;&gt; Yeah, this is good. Back to the ropes from for nice shot from Davis. This is good from Davis. This is because attempting those body shots. That's better when he rattles. This is right. And he's talking to him in there. And it might get interesting now. Do you know what? He's missed a trick there. He's landed a couple of good shots through four. Landed a couple. He should have gone again instead of messing around. Showboing. That was better. Nice little right uppercut. &gt;&gt; He's trying to play the mind games here, Darren. And &gt;&gt; there's a bit more intent now from Fad. That was good. Nice authority to the body upstairs, but he didn't load up with the shots. THAT'S WHAT HE NEED. OH, &gt;&gt; A nice left hand from the south starts from Davis. Back to dodge now. And more talking. Referee just having a word with Balo for &gt;&gt; you got to be careful there. He turned to the referee by all rights. Dav got to be a killer in there. Boy, &gt;&gt; nice work from Faz just in front of us especially to the body hammering away. This is the best part of the fight here from the Londoner. Well done is suddenly just under a bit of pressure here. Barry is letting the momentum swing and that's what I said about what can happen in the fight. Well, Josh. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean this important mate. I think a lot of the good work in the first half has been good. Now he was asking for to you know change the gears, change the tempo, change something. He's down to Davis now a couple of shots and does look tired. I was I was clever and smart, but some more good work up going on here and I mean Davies really need to change this round now. &gt;&gt; I'll tell you what, it's a really good passage of boxing this for he's changing the levels with the shots. He's changing the power that counter right hand caught the eye of Carl and Tony. They've both got in a handy lead now. Have you got him up now or are you still picking the &gt;&gt; he could hit Davis late on here? HE'S BEEN BRILLIANT. THE LONDONER. &gt;&gt; Brilliant work. What a flurry of shots that was, didn't really slipping away from Ishmael Davis. YOU WOULDN'T HAVE BELIEVED IT 20 minutes ago, but now Bal Fawaz is absolutely dominating proceedings and winning round after round and looking fresh. Very fresh. And Josh mentioned something earlier on the fight. &gt;&gt; We go to the judges scorecards. &gt;&gt; Kieran McCann 114. Even a draw on one. &gt;&gt; Mark Bates 115 113. Victor Lachland 114. So close the winner by majority decision and the new BRITISH AND CATTLE super welterweight champion BELOWN British and Commonwealth super WELTERWEIGHT CHAMPION. IT was mighty tight on the cards, but the right guy I think Barry got the win &gt;&gt; to come back after such an awful start like that. Not only shows ability, he shows a real character to turn it around. Let's hope now to go along with this British title, he gets a passport, but he deserves it. The British champion. I mean, yeah, what a way to win the title. Never felt sorry for himself, did he? That that that's the impression the to me visually of someone who really believed that they were going to do it. Knew it celebrations if you like, but I'm telling you now he'll be absolutely thrilled. There you go. &gt;&gt; I think it's too much to take in. I think it's too much to take in. That's why he's done something wrong. &gt;&gt; And he's getting A LOT OF LOVE TONIGHT, ISN'T HE? NOW from Dave Allen, from Benal Faz. It's a good Saturday for Eddie Hearn. He gave Bal for the opportunity. And I tell you what, for everything he's gone through in life, the Uber driver, the music maestro, the university graduate, and now he's a graduate in boxing, a double champion in the super welterweight division. Josh, it's not your world level, but it's a cracking tale, isn't it? &gt;&gt; Yeah, that will feel like winning a world title of where he's come from, what he's And I think Barry's right. They need to get him that passport right now. I mean, British champion, um, Commonwealth champion. It's a great story, man. &gt;&gt; Thanks, Josh. &gt;&gt; Over to you, Charlie. &gt;&gt; Get your belt over your shoulder. Just hearing that and the new. How special does that feel? Below, &gt;&gt; I feel ecstatic. Um, since Eddie signed me, you should see my work rate in the gym. I have submerged and buried myself in work and training because I know I'm 37 years old. I don't have much time. If I don't capitalize on what I have now, my dream will slip away. So, this is just the beginning. I'm ready. I want it all. I'm hungry. And I'm not talking about food. It's been a turbulent journey in life. This must be that defining moment so far. You've been through so much. To stand here in Nottingham with those two belts over your shoulder, that has got to be a special special feeling. &gt;&gt; It's sensational. It's overwhelming. I haven't digested all the feeling that is going through my head. But I know once I get to the hotel that he booked for me, I'm going to lay down in a bath and I'm going to smile and it'll be tear. It'll be it'll be smiles of joy. And I can tell you, I knew I was going to get it cuz I know what I'm capable of. I don't belong. Look, I'm not a domestic fighter. I'm not. It's just that nobody gave me a chance and Eddie gave me a chance and I've proved him right ever since. Now I need to make some money and feed my family. Just to start, you say we saw that we saw that moment between you and Eddie afterwards. What were you saying to him? Was it just that thanking of the opportunity? You say you're 37, but so much more to give. And now we get that next chapter in Bal Fawaz's career. Well, do you know how to keep a secret? Do you know how to keep a secret? &gt;&gt; Maybe not on live TV. &gt;&gt; Okay. Well, I have a I know how to keep a secret, so I won't say. He will have to say what I said to you. &gt;&gt; Eddie, well, let's bring you in there. What a journey this man has been on. British boxing is about these incredible stories, and Baloaz is probably one of the best we've ever seen. &gt;&gt; You know, it's tough to beat Ishma's story. You know, these are two tremendous men where boxing has completely changed their life and their direction in life. Ishmael Davis who was with an organization we work with the three pillars which is about trying to inspire people who go to prison to change their life. Ishmael was a product of that society but this story might be even better. You know, for those that don't know, Bill was trafficked to the UK at 14 years of age. And for over 20 years, he's lived in this country representing England in the amateur system, you know, working hard, paying his taxes, and never been able to get a British passport, bizarrely. And tonight, he's just won the British title. So, please, let's just make sure that we get this man a British passport for all the service he's given to this country as well. It's an incredible, incredible story. And you know, when we signed him after the Jana Boston win, he comes to me, he said, "You changed my life." I said, "Not yet." I said, "You win that fight, then your life really changes." And tonight, he's ch his life will change forever. He's a great guy. He's a great personality, but that was also a really intelligent boxing performance. You know, tonight a guy that's been fighting his whole life has just won the British and Commonwealth title. And I hope that our country can acknowledge what he's done in this country and the service that he's provided to the England boxing team, to the British boxing system and the heart and soul that he gives to his community as well. So, Balo, tonight you changed your life. These belts will stay with you forever. You're an inspirational story. Congrats, mate. Keep smiling. &gt;&gt; Thank you very much. I really want to say thank you to everyone. Thank you, Nottingham. Thank you everyone who came and support. We wish you all well. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.