Kind: captions Language: en Okay gentlemen, we're scheduled about 12 rounds for the IBF and WBA Welterweight Championship of the world. Going over the rules in the dressing room, I expect you obey my commands at all times. Most of all, protect yourself at all times. Touch gloves, good luck. So many incredible fights have taken place in this building in Atlantic City, New Jersey. Holyfield, Foreman, Tyson, Spinks, Pavlik, Taylor, Gatti, Ward, ladies and gentlemen. Dare we expect another thriller? This is for the unified welterweight championship of the world. Eimantas Stanionis and Jaron "Boots" Ennis. Could we see a fight of the year contender? Here we go. 12 championship rounds between two undefeated champions. We see Eimantas Stanionis is going to try to set the pace of this fight early. He is a pressure fighter and wants to come forward all night long. And you can see Boots Ennis coming out from that orthodox stance, right-handed. I personally think he's a better southpaw. And against fighters like Stanionis, you want to you want to give him the the different looks. You want to give him give him a different a different uh uh perspective. You know, he probably expected Boots to come out southpaw, coming out orthodox. And you see Boots early on aiming a little bit [cheering] for that midsection. That's the one area that's open in this sort of shell defense [cheering] that Stanionis fights in. Stanionis' Stanionis' motto in this fight, all gas, no brakes. He promises to take the fight to Boots and not go backwards. Yeah, but with with a motto like that, all gas, no brakes, you're bound to run into an accident, you know? &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Guys guys like Boots, they love that kind of stuff. That's food for them, man. Stanionis needs to be smart with that pressure, which he [cheering] is. That's the thing about him. And behind that groundwork jab But you can see that Boots is looking for that uppercut already. I mean, stabbing him down with the jabs to set up that right uppercut. Those are money punches by Boots. And that uppercut got a smile out of Stanionis, who again, his wife is due any day with a baby. In fact, she was due 3 days ago. Love that body shot around the guard by Boots. In his last fight Oh, nice counter left from Stanionis. &gt;&gt; His last fight, Stanionis, I he he kind of got touched up in the body in those middle rounds. I love the fact that Ennis is already touching that body early. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; The criticism for Boots in his last fight is that he was getting hit too often and too cleanly. Cuz he fights to his competition, man. He needs to be motivated. He's not motivated by a guy that he went 24 rounds with. You can definitely see how sharp he is against Stanionis. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; He's not going to get touched in this fight. Unless Stanionis forces him to get touched. And you can see right now, Stanionis is not really throwing the shots that he that he normally accustomed throwing so early. And Chris Boots looks bigger, doesn't he? Yeah, it looks like he's rehydrated really well. And that's a part of this. For the last three or four fights, Boots Ennis has fought under IBF rules, which has required a 10-lb rehydration the next day. Because this is a unification fight, that 10-lb rehydration clause goes out the window. So, he's been able to rehydrate perhaps a little bit more going into this fight. Yeah, he was asked yesterday what he was going to have for breakfast the day of the fight, and he said everything. &gt;&gt; Yeah, and at the weigh-in, he looked like a smaller fighter, thinner. You can see that Stanionis is bulkier around the midsection, around the torso area. But rehydration, man, it's key. And the fact that they don't have to just do 10 lbs and actually do your natural weight, that's all advantage for Jaron Ennis. Yo, will you stop pulling back? You got a little motion, yeah? Look. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Look. Yo, will you switch that southpaw? With that uppercut, man. He he bending down and doing this. So, keep your jab going. Keep your jab going. But that's good. Ain't nobody going to lose much. Don't huh? With a slip bucket, yo. That's all right, split in this. Boots, keep that Boots, keep that jab popping, man. Look. Don't don't jump Look. Look. Straight right straight to the head coming up there. Yo. Go right. And this is what you want to see from Ennis right here. Around the guard, that body shot right there. Didn't look like much, but that's going to set up uppercuts the farther this fight goes because the pressure's only going to get more consistent. And hooks like that, those are the two best punches for Eimantas Stanionis are the uppercuts and hooks. The longer this fight goes, the more violent it's going to get. You heard Jaron "Boots" Ennis' father tell him, "Hey, he's ducking his head. Try and catch him with that uppercut." Yeah, that's what that's how you you turn that high guard, that peekaboo defense against him. He hunches over and he has a there's a there's a a way for that uppercut to land. Boots been able to keep Stanionis at bay with that long jab. Yeah, which is fended off the jab of Stanionis, which is his best weapon. He's one of the best jabbers in all of boxing. Lands about 10 jabs per round, connects at about a 36% connect rate. That's a major weapon for him. Not just the scoring shots, but setting up other ones. I know that, but then you know, you you're using your advantages, your height, your 6-in reach. That's what you want to do if you're Boots right now. Keep this fight in the middle range, stay off the ropes, and keep popping that jab and looking for that left uppercut. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; See, this is going to be a a fight where of course, the matador is going to have the advantage over the bull cuz the bull has slower feet. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Stanionis has slower feet, flatter feet, and he cuts off the ring really great going to his right. But as a southpaw, Boots going to his right, it's not a it's not a he's not as easy as cutting off the ring going to the left. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; So, you can see right there the when Boots went to his left, he kind of tripped up a little bit Stanionis. This is the ninth consecutive fight in which Stanionis is facing both height and reach disadvantages. Ennis is 2 in taller, 6-in reach advantage. Nice left from Stanionis. And then a right. And that's the criticism we have with Ennis. It's a beautiful combination, throws five, six punches, but got hit with one big shot. &gt;&gt; That's that Boots landing a good body shot there in that exchange. This is the fight we thought we'd see. Stanionis constantly trying to come forward and Ennis trying to cut him off at the pass. &gt;&gt; Yeah, no feeling out between these two guys. They're going straight at it. Stiff jab from Stanionis. Who says boxing is all about timing. Everything revolves around that shotgun jab of Stanionis. But if he can't have a stationary target to land, it'll be a it's going to be a lot harder to track down Ennis. That was another good body shot from Ennis, left hand, right uppercut Yeah, it's going to be all body shots, man. That that that's how you're going to slow down this tank. It's those body shots, those jabs, movement, lateral movement to your left, right, switching orthodox, southpaw, showing everything you got. Stanionis coming off a 336-day absence. Only his second fight in 3 years. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Okay. The fight is getting close. Your jab is landing. All right? You got to bring the fight to him. Just have to have fun. Let your hands go. When you get in the pocket, you got to start to the body. Look, Stanionis right there, he should be aiming for the body, even though he landed a good head shot right there. That's what Boots is guilty of. He leaves that head and chin a little bit too exposed. But this is also what Boots is known for. This is counter shots like that, running shots. Beautiful uppercut. If that would have landed a chin, that would have done a lot more damage. You can expect more uppercuts and sharp counterpunching by Ennis. Chris, is this fight starting the way you thought it might? Starting a little bit faster, but it's evolving into the fight that I think I expected and most people expected. Good advice between rounds in the corner of Eimantas Stanionis. Robert Garcia, who's long-time trainer, saying, "You got to if you're going to throw that jab, you got to throw something else behind it. You've got to let your hands go when you're [cheering] exchanging." There's those jabs you were calling for earlier from Stanionis, Sergio. Yeah, but see, he he needs to do it in he needs to punch with Ennis. Ennis has a slightly faster hands. So, if you're going to be Stanionis is either blocking or he's jabbing. He's going to have to do a little bit of both at the same time. Tried that windup uppercut, did Ennis. That's going to be his punch, no doubt about it. Yeah, Ennis is just he's shining right now, man. I mean, everything just so smooth. He's not overloading on punches, either. And it feels like we're seeing a decreased output from Stanionis that we've seen in previous fights. He's still walking Boots down, but unlike what we saw against Butayev and Maestre, he's not letting his hands go in those situations. Boots is getting a little a little cute here, isn't he? Ate a right hand there in the corner. I mean, that's how he that's how he always fought. Oh, is that left hand? Are they going to call that a a knockdown? No, he says it was behind the head. A lot of the Lithuanians here in the arena, and there are a pretty good contingent [cheering] of them voicing their displeasure. You know, Boots Boots is so talented that he just takes his his talent for granted, man. And sometimes [cheering] he he just gets a little I guess lazy's a word, but a little overconfident. And that's when he can get checked. And that left uppercut that he's landing consistently. Those are hard shots by Ennis. See, that's a that that's the problem with that high guard defense, you know, a defense that Winky Wright had and you know, fighters like Ike Quartey and Claudy. They didn't get knocked out. You know, guys like that didn't get knocked out, but they got bruised up, they got beat, they got outpointed by fighters that are content hitting the gloves, going around the gloves, and of course stabbing the body. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Boots' team felt that Oh, nice jab there from Stanionis. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Boots' team felt that Stanionis could bring out the best of Ennis, that we haven't seen the best of Boots yet cuz no one has taken him to that next level. Can this Lithuanian be the man to do it? He's grinding and lands a right hand, but a counter left from Boots. And now what Stanionis needs to do, he landed a counter right of his own. He punched to Boots. He's going to have to go to the fire. Both of them landed big right hands. Boots clearly has more pop. That's for sure. 29 knockouts in his 33 wins. My dog, listen. When you inside when you inside Yo. Yo, when you inside [music] I want you have his hand up and lift that uppercut and bring that back up. Soon you throw it, bring it back up. Keep using that jab, Boots. Let me see some straight shots sometimes. There's that shot. That's what they're telling him right now. You got to be careful with those shots going on top, [music] especially when you're against the ropes. But I love these uppercuts that he's throwing from from from far, but he needs to set up those uppercuts. And you can see that left hook around the head, pushing him down. That was no knockdown. Good call by the referee. But right there, that's what he needs to be leery of. Just keeping the head in the exact same place. More upper body movement from Ennis, and of course keep popping that jab. Three entertaining rounds so far. Chris, has Stanionis won any of them? No, I thought third round was probably his best round in terms of landed punches, but I think so far it's been a Boots Ennis fight. Three rounds to none, 30 to 27. His power he's just a difference maker at this stage. Footwork [cheering] is the difference in this stage, Chris. I'm telling you, this is this is the fight &gt;&gt; though. You got to throw punches. &gt;&gt; No, no, I hear you, but Stanionis can't land a punch cuz he can't track down Boots. The only time he does land is when he throws with him, and they're both stationary. Good body shot there by Boots. Yeah, these investments to the body, if they keep up, they're going to pay off in the later rounds. Stanionis just looks so much smaller than Boots in there right now. He's used to that though. Stanionis was scheduled to face Vergil Ortiz Jr. three times. You talk about Boots avoiding Ennis. Stanionis had a bout on the first date because of an emergency appendectomy and the next two bouts canceled after Vergil Ortiz Jr. dealt with illness. &gt;&gt; And see, there's another fighter in Vergil Ortiz that has that that high guard defense and the same output, only he doesn't have the same jab as Stanionis and that would have been a monster fight, man, because right now Boots not only has the the defense, the footwork, but the accuracy and power behind it. Good right [cheering] hand from Stanionis. He's getting his shots in, Chris. It's just not nearly the same power that Ennis has on his. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's got to put his combination together a little bit more. Just the bodywork of Boots Ennis is so impressive at this stage, and he is one of the better body punchers in all of boxing. He's digging down there. And look at slyly switching back to orthodox stance right now. Looks like a small cut over the right eye or under the right eye of Stanionis. Yeah, Stanionis said he prepared for both styles, brought in southpaws and orthodox fighters, lots of them to prepare for this fight. Yeah, but none of them have this kind of natural gifted ability, man. I mean, speed, power long arms He's a He's a beautiful beautiful boxing puncher here. Boots has told us, "Listen, tonight's going to be my crowning achievement, my biggest moment." He envisions himself finishing Stanionis and celebrating in front of this very pro-Boots crowd, and he's given them plenty to cheer about offensively and defensively. &gt;&gt; He is scoring Stanionis so far as far as making him miss. I mean, you don't make champions miss three, four punches in a row like that. Career-high payday for Stanionis. This is his moment. Can he cash in? He's got work to do. &gt;&gt; [bell] &gt;&gt; April 26th, an old rivalry will be settled following their bad temper build-up, which of course involved a smashed egg on the face of Conor Benn. Chris Eubank Jr., Conor Benn squaring off in front of a sellout crowd at Tottenham Hotspur Stadium in London. You can see it Fatal Fury. Eubank-Benn, buy it now on dazn.com. &gt;&gt; [music] [music] &gt;&gt; Round five. Sergio, what would your advice be to a man like Stanionis right now if you were in his corner? Well, you got to get physical. You got to get in there, and you got to fight fire with fire, man. You're going to get hit on the way in. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; But but you have the wide shoulders, you have those big biceps and forearms, you have that that that high guard. Take the chances, and once you're in there, you got to let it rip, man, and especially downstairs. You got to bang away at the body, the ribs, anything that Boots gives you. Yeah, haven't seen a lot of bodywork from Stanionis, certainly not to the level that we've seen from Boots. Cuz Ennis is not allowing him. He's maintaining that range and distance with that long jab. And of course that that sharp upper body movement. I mean, look at that defense. Here's Stanionis throwing some shots to the waistband. Trying to grind out some opportunities here in the corner. Look at the total punches landed. Ennis has landed 10 more. Power punches landed, over double for Boots, 35 compared to 14. Good right hand from Ennis. Good shot right there. And it's downstairs, upstairs. That's what you wanted to see when he got inside. &gt;&gt; That's exactly what he needs to do, and and what Boots need to do. [cheering] He better pick up that left Oh, nice left. This is the best round for Stanionis by far. Boots better pick up that left hand. He's getting lazy with that dropping that hand. Stanionis is catching on now. He caught on to the speed now and the timing. Good body shot there by Boots. Stanionis, the WBA welterweight champion. Fighting for the Ring belt, the lineal championship. That's become the gold standard in this sport. I didn't think Ennis was going to have this easy of a time out-jabbing Stanionis. Stanionis has one of the best jabs in boxing in the business. And he's winning this round though, don't you think? &gt;&gt; this round he's doing well. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; There's the uppercut. Stanionis blocking those punches, but they're so powerful, they're still seemingly doing some damage, backing him up. And there's a bloody nose now as he lands a right hand, but eats [cheering] a left of his own. Boots coming on here as Stanionis covers up. He's turning into a bloody mess. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Boots so relaxed in there. In the in the line of fire, man. I can't believe how relaxed this man is. It's incredible watching this. It's like he's It's like he's fighting Stanionis in slow motion. He can see everything coming, man. He's like Neo in The Matrix in there. Dodging bullets, dodging punches, looking sharp. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; This is power. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Wait. Hot. Wait. Wait. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Stop submitting to this. And give me them angles. Wait. Okay. We're We're landing punches, right? Not enough. So, you have to smother him? Or [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] After you punch him Nice right hand right there landed by Stanionis. Sometimes Ennis rolls with those punches, you know, taking the power away from the from the punch, but most of the time they're landing pretty cleanly, but I think he's still doing the better punching and you can see it by the blood on the nose of Stanionis and the fact he finds how to take a step back. Yeah, I thought that was a very good round for Ennis Stanionis right up until the final 30 40 seconds when Ennis started to tee off and really opened up the blood coming from that nose. So, even in a round that Stanionis may have won, he took a lot of punishment. &gt;&gt; I agree, yep. Yeah, the the two guys walking back to the ring walking back to the corners, you know, the judges are looking at Stanionis is pouring blood out of his nose. Ennis still looks as fresh as a daisy in there. And I feel like Stanionis is doing everything he can, Sergio. I mean, he's giving it his all. &gt;&gt; And there's levels to championship boxing, man. I mean, the This is It's just the how incredible Ennis is. I don't know how how I mean, it really is amazing watching this man up close cuz he's not running. He's not boxing. He's staying He's staying in the pocket looking for punches. He's punching in between the shots, risking danger. Here's your total punches landed in that last round. I feel it's a bit skewed. 19 of 68 for Ennis, 10 of 31 for Stanionis. And notice, look, as soon as Ennis gets near the ropes, he goes right back to the middle of the ring. That's another thing that Stanionis has been issues with. You know, he can't He can't keep someone in the same in the same space. He can't get him against the ropes. Big swing and a miss there from Stanionis. As Ennis is fighting out of the southpaw stance now, they're doing that front foot battle. You really put your opponent at a disadvantage if you can step on top of his foot as you're throwing a a punch. It's harder for him to move out of the way. You know, Ennis is the sharper fighter in part because he is [cheering] most definitely the more more active of the two fighters. Even though the two fights last year weren't his best performances, he still got two fights in him while Stanionis only got one and that was off for the entire year before that. So, he's had to battle stops and starts and training camps, ring rust that he had admitted affected him in the Myestre fight. And we talk all the time, Sergio, activity does matter. And I think as this fight progresses, it's going to matter even more. You know, activity matters especially for boxers, but you know, whenever you have the style of a Stanionis, you would think that it doesn't bother you as much. I think the [cheering] I think the footwork is bothering Stanionis. The fact that he can't compete with the the foot speed of Ennis. And look, those body shots right there, that's Stanionis's kryptonite, I believe. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's shrinking and now Ennis is teeing off with a left uppercut and down goes Stanionis. He's softening him up to the body and came up with the uppercut. Ennis is destroying Stanionis. He's breaking down Stanionis. The face tells the tale. Blood everywhere and the body's not doing much better. Can Ennis seal the deal here in round six? 10 seconds to go. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Stanionis still in there slinging his guns and he'll make it to the end of the round. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Richardson Hitchins, Shakur Stevenson in the front row appreciating what Ennis is doing here tonight. And they're going to wave it off. They have waved it off. Stanionis's [cheering] corner has seen enough. As Jaron Ennis Ennis gets his crowning moment, the defining win of his career and he's done it right here in Atlantic City. No mas for the Lithuanian. And man, that was a beat down, a professional championship style beat down by Ennis, man. That was surgical, accurate. Man, this is great. This is greatness we're watching. Greatness in the making. Let me tell you something. Ennis looked fantastic tonight. Sergio, if he takes that skill and that style up a weight class, I'm not sure he's not the best in that division, too. &gt;&gt; That's what I'm talking about, Todd. This is greatness we're watching, man. And look, with a guy like this, he needs a fighter a guy like brings it out of him. You know, Karen Chukhadzhian wasn't going to bring it out of Ennis after 24 rounds. But a champion like Stanionis that was unblemished, unbeaten, so confident, everything going for him, that's what brings out the horse the horse and the thoroughbred out of a out of a fighter like Jaron Ennis. And what do you think about the corner stopping it right there? They knew they were outclassed. I think Sam Jones knows. Marvin Sam Jones in the corner of of Stanionis. I mean, he comes from from the Wild Card Gym. He comes from the school as a protege of Freddie Roach. He knows what beat downs do. He knows what one fight can actually set back a fighter. It was only a matter of time, man. That was That was just surgical. Let's show you how the stoppage happened, the conversation with Stanionis. He didn't seem to put up much of an argument, did he? Nah, he knew he was a beat man and that's a that's a man that's going to be a father any day now, man, and health comes first. He knows he got He got outclassed by a better man tonight and there's no shame in that. Ennis said, "I want to be undisputed in the welterweight division." He's got two of the belts, only two more to go. And that's the moment that Jaron Ennis picked up his 34th win. He's got 30 knockouts now and there's not going to be a lot of criticism for Ennis after this one. Yeah, no, it's not. And like he said, "I'mma show y'all." Yeah, he showed everyone, all right. Said he would prove that he's the best in the world and if you're Brian Norman Jr., Mario Barrios, you're looking at this, I don't know if they're going to be clamoring to get in the ring anytime soon with him. I don't think they're going to want want to get in with this monster, man. But look, Brian Norman Jr., I think he would compete as far as punching with Ennis as far as the power that he brings with him and the and the heart and the willingness to trade. But Mario Barrios, I think will be a a step a step down for a talent like Ennis. Another fantastic fight coming your way Friday, May 2nd from New York City, Ryan Garcia and Rolly Romero in New York Times Square on the Zone pay-per-view. Also on the card, Devin Haney and Jose Ramirez and Teofimo Lopez and Arnold Barboza Jr. That's available to buy soon. David Diamante makes it official. Ladies and gentlemen, referee David Fields calls a halt to this contest. The official time of the stoppage, 3 minutes of round number six, declaring a winner by TKO. He's still undefeated. He's still the IBF and the new unified IBF and Ring Magazine welterweight champion of the world, Jaron [screaming] "Boots" Ennis. Well, Sergio, if Ennis is going to get those opportunities against the two other champions, they're going to have to put out a lot of money from Matchroom. Eddie Hearn's going to have to open up the pocketbook. How do you convince one of those guys who you think aren't even as good as Stanionis to step in the ring against this killer? Money talks, man. And look, if anyone has that treasure chest of money, it's Matchroom and Eddie Hearn. I think they want to become Jaron Jaron Ennis has a lot a large a a lot He has a long way to go, but he has a lot of belts to pick up in many divisions. This is [music] a multi-division talent that we have here. So, it's worth investing, man. I mean, this is a guy that's going to be special, one of the all-time greats, man. I could just see it. Well, let's hear what he has to say. He's standing by with Chris Mannix. Ennis, congratulations. You got three pieces of hardware now around your waist. Now the unified champion. You said you wanted to make a statement tonight here in the ring, show that you were still one of the best in the world. Was that the statement you were looking for? Yeah, I mean, I think I did, but I want to go back and watch it. You know, I I I feel like I was you know, just getting in my groove, starting to get loose, having fun. And my dad told me to keep pressing, you won't stop me. And I What's crazy was I had a dream I was going to stop him just like this in the seventh round, but you know, things happen. It came true. That was a terrific fighter you had in front of you, undefeated guy, former Olympian. You might have won every single round, plus that 10-8 round. What was working for you in the ring tonight? Uh the biggest part was just me having having my fun, being myself, and having a live body in front of me. When I got a live body in front of me, you see what happened. I I put on a show. I had my fun. I showed you speed, power, defense. I showed you a little bit of inside game. I showed you everything, you know. I feel like like I said, when I got a live body in front of me, it's a whole different story. You're going to see a whole different Boots, and I'm going to keep taking it to the next level. Body shots in this game are an investment, and you were investing in that body very early in this fight. Could you feel yourself softening him up as the rounds went on? Yeah, I felt him soften him up. I feel like I couldn't go to the body as much as I wanted to. He was like He was a much shorter in the ring. Like the way he fight, he like kneeled down. So, when I was trying to really go to his body, it was like I was like, all right, I got to switch it up. I got to give give him something different. So, you know, when I did that, you know, I I still found a way to get to that body still, and uh yeah. It's that It's that time. You were already a recognized world champion. Why was it so important to you to win a title in the ring? Uh it was very important for me, you know, like I said, for this this IBF belt right here, I was the interim champion, and I was elevated. I woke up one morning, and I was world champion. I I never actually fought for this belt, you know, and I I finally was able to fight for the WBA or fight for another title, and take it from the man, and beat him beat him beat him. You know, it's a blessing, you know, and that's everything I always wanted, you know, and uh it feel it feel way better than sitting in the bed, waking up, and I was uh IBF champion. Did it surprise you at all that he didn't come out for that last round? No, I I mean, he a great fighter. You know, he's he a good guy, you know, but like I said, every round I just was getting in my bag, getting in my groove, loosening up, having fun, and I feel like I was just picking it up, picking it up, picking it up, and uh yeah. You faced some criticism over the last few months, criticism that I know bothered you. How much of that did you bring into the ring tonight? Uh I definitely brought some of that in in here with me, you know, uh and they they still ain't seen nothing yet, though, you know, I got a long way to go, you know, I'm just getting just getting started. The party just getting started. Three belts now around your waist. Is it more belts, or is it move up? Uh I'm you know, I'm going to enjoy my victory. You know, I'll enjoy these belts, you know, I'll take some time with the fam, talk to the team, and we're going to see what's next. Is becoming undisputed, though, part of your plan? Uh we'll see, you know, like I said, we'll see. Let me Let me enjoy this victory, you know, chill with my fam, and uh talk to my my team, and uh but yeah, make sure y'all come to the after meet me at the spot. Congratulations, Boots. Thank you. I appreciate appreciate everybody coming out. Philly, Jersey, Tri-State, New York, uh Dillo Delaware, Baltimore, DC. If I'm missing anybody, even everybody that traveled all over, even uh Lithuanian people. Uh I want to thank Eddie Hearn, appreciate y'all, you know, many more things to come, many more blessings to come. Shout out to my brother, too. No question about that. Congratulations, well done. Eddie, we'll bring you in here. Eddie, you said to me before this fight, you wanted to see this man make a statement. Was that what you wanted to see? What a wonderful, humble man. Not for me. Tear up the pound-for-pound list. This is the one of the finest fighters in the sport. Tonight, that was a performance of one of the best fighters in the sport of boxing. Now the unified world champion, Ring Magazine champion, by far the best fighter in the division. He's going to be around for a long time. 47, 54, 60. It's all coming. You're witnessing true greatness. Now he'll make his way onto the pound-for-pound list. We've got to fight the other champions. The future is so bright. He's the future of the sport of boxing. And what a great man from a great city in Philadelphia. You should all be so proud of him, because he carries your city around with him everywhere he goes. We'll be back in Philly soon, but tonight I'm walking away We've been saying for a while, we want a performance where we can stand on the ropes and scream and shout this is the best fighter in the world. We got all of that tonight against a great champion. It was the best of the best, but it was a walk in the park for true greatness, a true pound-for-pound star in Jaron Ennis. He's going to be around for a long time. I would say, Boots, you've learned not to make any predictions immediately after the fight from what happened the last time. But Eddie, you're going to be making some decisions, helping him make those decisions. What's your first call on Monday? Listen, the first call is Boots wanted to unify. He wanted to fight the champions. People criticized him about not moving up and not fighting for a belt. He said, "All I want to do is fight the champions, win other belts." We stayed patient, and it paid off tonight. Now we'll sit as a team, Bozy, Everett, got such a great team of people. And by the way, this is a guy that's tracing greatness. He's making money, and the money will come, but that's not the important thing to Boots Ennis. It's about legacy, and it's about proving to everyone that he's the best fighter in the world. And he's a joy to work with, because all he wants to do is give the fans the best fights, and he will do that consistently over the next five, six, seven years. This is a true, true champion. And what you saw tonight was just a snippet of what's to come. There's so many names I want to call out, but I'm not going to do it. Tonight belongs to Jaron Ennis, what a star war fighter. Got Congratulations, Eddie. Congratulations, Boots. Phenomenal performance. Phenomenal, indeed. And Sergio, as I mentioned a little earlier, I don't know who's who's going to be jumping up and down saying, "I want Boots next." Nobody. And that's the reason, you know, they haven't been. For a long time, man, for a long time, Boots has been under the radar, you know. Only the people that know the sport really well, people on this side of the East Coast in Philly, know what this man could do. All he needed was a promoter. All he needed was the stage and the and the slot on on these events to shine, man, and that's exactly what he did. That's a dangerous guy, man. No one's going to want to call that guy out. Well, Eddie Hearn is his promoter, and his job is to promote Boots Ennis. He said now he should be on the top 10 pound-for-pound list. &gt;&gt; I agree. Well, who you who you booting off? Naoya Inoue, Benavidez, Gervonta Davis? &gt;&gt; Listen, man, that's a unified champion right there. I'm I'm knocking off Tank Davis. That's the person I'm knocking off, because Tank Davis is yet to, you know, do it on the championship level. He's not even picking off champions. This guy just picked off a legitimate one. Chris Mannix joining us back ringside. Just asked Sergio, do you agree with Eddie Hearn that this man now should be on the top 10 pound-for-pound list? &gt;&gt; I think he's flirting with it. No question about that. Top 15, certainly inside that top 20. That was the performance that we had come to expect from Boots Ennis when he was beating guys like Sergey Lipinets and Roy Manard. You know, a few bumps in the road last year, but now this win against a very good fighter. Make no mistake, a man Custio Clayton is an excellent fighter, and Boots made it look easy in there in the ring. That is certainly going to elevate him on the pound-for-pound list, and I think he'll