Kind: captions Language: en They could both take a bow. It was a fight and a night for the ages. Alfred has done it dramatically here. And that is one of the most dramatic turnounds. We've seen clearly a punch thrown after the bell. [Applause] the champion has done it. Oprah has done it. He has put Joy has put David Noa out in the fourth round. is bothering San Die. The fact that he can't compete with the the foot speed of Edis and look those body shots right there. That's San Die's kryptonite, I believe. Yeah, he's shrinking. And now Boots te up with the left uppercut and down goes Stanotis. He softened him up to the body and came up with the uppercut. Boots knows exactly what he's doing. He's breaking down. Again, James the face tells the tail. Blood everywhere and the body's not doing much better. Can Boots seal the deal here in round six? 10 seconds to go. [Applause] Donnie Otis still in there slinging his guns and he'll make it to the end of the round. Okay. And they're going to wave it off. They have waved it off. Stan Otis' corner has seen enough as Gerard Boots Inis gets his crowning moment. The defining win of his career. And he's done it right here in Atlantic City. That right hand coming from every which angle right there straight down the pike and he's rattled Masterio who's back on the pedals. Three straight right hands and then did not go did not forget the body went downstairs. It's a blur. It goes good for you. You know, uh I had a bad first round experience, but that was a great first round experience for Amari Jones. And that's going to do it. Waved off. Omari Jones dazzling in his pro debut. You know, Louis Pabone, the referee, came to the corner of Master Nunio and said, "You got to show me something." In between the first and second round, he clearly didn't like what he saw. Shots in to the body and Grandon is forced to back off and the referee will be looking for some kind of response from the island. Oh, now fires in. And this is looking decisive. Jarus back takes up the count now. Does the referee Grandon in big trouble here? What will the referee decide? Grandoni says he's okay to carry on, but for how much longer? The crowd now really rising to Pat Brown's performance and he finishes it in style. A tremendous performance of clean, clinical, calculated punching from Patrick Brown. But it's been the most impressive opening chapter. Yeah, he pulls over that front foot, doesn't he? Barry, mov on to the right uppercut. Good size from Callum Smith. And that's a huge right hand from the Liverp. And he's hurt. Got to punch long here now. Smith cuz I a left to He's starting to unravel his Bati. Very good work. A smile from the Londoner. But this is impressive stuff from Callum Smith. Really turning the screw. Still a minute to go in this sixth round. He needs to rip that uppercut through the middle here. Callum Smith. Is this the classy experience the World Championship levels we've seen from Callum Smith starting to show. That's great work. That lovely short da there from Smith again. Why is he showing his toughness taking a good shot? Oh, but it does take an awful lot out of you taking this kind of punishment. Oh, left hook from Joshua. Incredible scenes. The young London are finishing this round strong. There goes the 10-second clapper. Look at the lease of life that gave Joshua. Wow. Unbelievable. Remarkable scenes here in Riyad and new champion of the world signed with Matt Room. Eddie Hearn called it a potential game changer. We talked about the big population in India and right now Wiggins's face is being populated by lefts and rights from the shot dev and that is going to be ruled a knockdown. Deb's been living in Las Vegas for roughly three months now training under Ronald Sims. And down goes Wiggins. Dev demolishing his first pro opponent. Second knockdown of the round. big shots. [Music] Comes back with a right hand to the body upstairs. De rocking Wiggins. Wiggins is hurt. He's backing down. 20 seconds to go. And that is not ruled a knockdown. And that's going to be it. Referee seen it enough. Nante Dev opening eyes in his pro debut here in Las Vegas. A first round KO. He leans back on the ropes. Well, just shakes it off. 50 seconds left in the fifth. He most definitely did feel it. I tell you what though, he didn't go down. He didn't freeze like he did the last time. Body shot from Allan. And now here we go. The Doncaster heavyweight. Oh, Johnny. What he's all about. Drama here in the fifth round. And it is almost a mirror image of what is leg in the fifth round. Can you believe it? And the count is coming in. 15 seconds left. Will Johnny Fisher get out just about. And Dave Allen has got a few seconds left in the round to jump. The legs are gone. Dave Allen here. Can he follow up? Dave Allen dramatically in it is a massive win for the Doncaster heavyweight as out of respect. He could celebrate Johnny Fisher just being tempted to by the paramedics and Dave Allen showing enormous respect here. But he just stood with him and delivered the punches. And that is astonishing. What a shot. What a win. The win of Dave Allen's career. Fighting right to the last is Lewis Crocker. Donovan goes under attack. Continues punching. That was really Crocker down again. How will the referee rule this now? They're celebrating in the Donovan corner. But what will Marcus McDonald rule about this? Clearly a punch thrown after the bell. Yeah, he's telling Donovan just that. Disqualifying. He has disqualified Tanny Donovan. Controversy here. I think the Donovan can't believe that they've won it. Now suddenly there's realization. Fury in the corner. They were convinced that they'd won it. Marcus McDonald deciding in the end after two deductions for use of the head then takes one away for punching after the bell. Andy Lee remonstrating Donovan absolutely distraught. I mean he was really sharp in the first round. We should just touch him with it in the second round. That took from Bit from Connor in the second round at a much much higher level Eubank Junior as he ships a right hand and again and Con. [Applause] He's growing in confidence here. Connor B. Get there from Ben needs to let his own right hand go. He's not power shot. When you let him throw his jabs go like he is bubbles triple then you put the right hand on the end of it but good work with the left hook from Eubank. This is about to score from Eubank punch. You can't work off it though. He should be working off that Shaw with the show. He wants it on the right hand from Conor Ben. Took a took that well back. It's really heating up in there. Oh, good shot from he walks right through it. Conor Ben showing his chin. One back though. Good right hand from you. Back comes Ben. Great response from Ben. Super in the center. A smaller man. Will that weight affect down the stretch? Big shots raining in from the parid there. Here comes Bang swinging from the hip. You more accurate and a right hand there and he could walk onto it. Click is going to have to be careful here. That didn't hurt him. You can just see him tired. Take a nice shot there. The king right now for six reaction in the eighth round and this fight to all the hype for now taking a backward step. Absolutely fabulous. And the two of them etching their names in history just like that. Well, it'll be a mistake here. When you're tired, it'll be a mistake. Good work from Con with the right hand. It's It's not a good cut there, Darren. They're going to have to work on that in the corner. Goes for the uppercut. You finish this. Here comes ferocious stuff here in the ninth round in this stadium. That body he wants you to feel that rehydration and he cannot miss with that lift to the ball. Oh shot here. You found that a minute left in the tech. The body shot from New Baker punches home towards the end of the round catch in the judge's eye. This is throw because it's been beautiful brutality savage. Look at that there. Fantastic combination from between two warriors. You have to say they've left it all on the line. And good work from both. He's holding the left power coming through again. That's you can't believe the roof says. The determination of Conan has been exemporary. But the punches of Chris Hume have been heavy. And this weight difference has started just to come into it. I can't with the right hand. What a ch he's showing right up there in front of us. The way these two been committed to their shots to let me bend. I wouldn't be shame. [Applause] They're just swinging face shots, head shots. The volume in the last few rounds has been intense here. A minute 20 to go and it's back now. He's all right. He's okay. He's just tired there. He took the first he took it really well. I think he's very tired. Barry Bar desperately trying to fire back. [Music] This is empty. This is unbelievable. Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on his feet. Everyone rings are going to be in a short moment. What an explosive fight. A nonstop throwing action to the stoppage hanging on. 30 to go. And this is what family pride is. This is right here. The last 15 seconds. No one to stop. It's going to have to lift up to the body for men. There's going to be everyone on their feet. It is stadium applauding the bravery, the intensity of Jun. U Junior celebrates. All three judges scored the same. 116 112 The winner by unanimous decision Chris Eubank Juna on the back pedal and a big right overhand followed by a left. That's going to be it. The menace on the loose in Vegas. Harley Maderos with an impressive knockout here in the third round. Beautiful overhand right. They've got rid of Sam Maxwell in the British title fight. And now down goes Weeza in the closing stages of the opening round. And this looks like it's going to be a very, very hard night for the Frenchman on a long unbeaten run. But against much lesser opponents and in comes the towel as he goes down for a second time virtually on the sound of the bell. Celebrations father and son. The British champion is now the European champion and he was on top from the sound of the first bell. Mighty impressive from Dalton Smith. Great shot. Oh, he's hurt. That's a high lifter. The legs of Zakari all over the place. The corner have jumped up. Referee Mark L called a hold to this contest. Another stoppage against a tough game. Durable opponent, but not in front of this man, William Crawler. He cannot stop putting them away. Barry, how he reacted when he hit him on the top of the head. The follow up. He was on him like a flash. In sync at your opponent, everything tremendous. won a two round. Conor Walker turns it around in the 11th round and Harry Scarf gets to his feet, but he's got a minute and 50 seconds to survive. Conor Walker now goes on the attack. The dream is within reach. It might just be one heavy shot away. The scarf tries to hold on. He was way way clear on the scorecards. Can he respond? The referee is asking for a response. There is no response. And that is one of the most dramatic turn rounds we've seen. What a shot. He dips the knees, Barry, and throws that beautiful right hook. That punch keeper was towards everything into that shot. That was just a perfect right hand at the perfect time. Unbelievable stuff. Caught with pretty much everything that's coming his way from Pat McCormack, but he's trying at least to bring tremendous left combination from Pat McCormack at the halfway stage or thereabouts. Robbie Davis Jr. looks across in his corner. He rises to his feet. Same combination all over again. Other side of the ring. And this time, Robbie Davis Jr. might be saved by Lel. It all comes off of that beautiful jab. Lovely right hand again. Delayed reaction. And Robbie Davis Jr. goes down for the third time at the halfway stage of round five. He's just looking really unlikely. Yeah. Really, really on that. Great. I care too much about you. Yeah. Listen, you've done not done much wrong. You've just come across a very good kid who's just a little bit too sharp here. Yeah. Too heavy. Too heavy. Yeah. A little bit too big. A little bit too sharp. Yeah. I'm going to call it. Okay. Yeah. The emotion of the corner and coming to a compassionate decision there. There was no way back for Robbie Davis Jr. Nice. Oh, it dropped him. That dropped the former champ and he's in a world of hurt. You know that looked like one of those discombobulating shots right on the temple. It is really tough to recover from that. And it's over. Ernesto Marcado promised a knockout and he delivered. And again, tremendous once again. Yeah, that was a lovely right hand. Oh, and again that's a knockdown. Down goes Jordan Flynn. Flynn's complaining, but the gloves touch the canvas and therefore Howard Foster is taking up the count. Gradually stepping forward now. And can he make Flynn pay at this stage? Still two minutes to go in the round. And here in desperate trouble and the referee Howard Foster has seen enough and that is the type of performance that has been promised from Cameron Bong right since the beginning of his career. Lead in their fizz. Oh, big right hand from Tusbury. The legs are all over the place. The right uppercut lands and I'm pretty sure that will be all she wrote. The legs are still unsteady from Katano. The referee, rightly so, waves it off. Incredible debut for Colin Toddsbury. Explosive punching, physical presence. Take a budsbury. And that was a really good debut there for Connor Toddsbury. Very, very impressive.