Kind: captions Language: en [Applause] You ready for this? Welcome home, Carl Bra. Home is the hero. Carl Froch fighting in a world championship fight for the eighth time running. He's been three years away on the road. He's never lost a fight in Britain, but finds himself here as an underdog in his own backyard. [Music] The whole crowd here on tender hooks and at 34, Croch is reaching out for a bit of British boxing history. looking to become a threetime champion in history of British boxing. Only Bob Fitz Simmons many many years ago, century ago or so. Lennox Lewis and Jude McKenzie have done that. He's been an absolute credit to the game, but he does have his work cut out tonight even in front of this adoring crowd. Jim, yeah, the car's been all the way through the Super Sex tournament with a few top class guys were falling by the wayside. So he's fully prepared for anything he has to face tonight. We know how tough he is. We know how strong he is. But let's not forget the skills that Carro has. He didn't get through the super six on toughness and strength alone. He does a tremendous job and something we have to remember. He is a phenomenal 12 round fighter and that's maybe his biggest asset tonight because I think it's going to take some time to get himself into the driving seat tonight and I think he can do a lot of damage in the second half of this fight. That's what I expect. I think he's going to have to come from behind tonight, but he's done that before and I'm sure he can do it again. We hope he can. front seeking redemption after a December defeat against the outstanding American Andre Ward who looks the best in the world. He's not come back to a nice easy fight. He's back in at the deep end again with Lucian Boute here. What is going to happen here in the next hour in this extraordinary atmosphere in Nottingham? [Music] [Applause] And now, ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the champion, Lucian B. [Applause] [Music] Well, a few booze. He's not used to this. What he is accustomed to is fighting in front of 16,000 adoring fans in his adopted home city of Montreal, which is where he's made all but one of the nine defenses of the IBF title. He's a major star there. So much so that nearly a thousand fans have traveled to Nottingham to see him. There are a few people from his native Romania as well at the way in making lots and lots of noise. He knew, his camp knew that this was going to be different. They prepared him mentally for the kind of reception he might get here. But Barry Mcwigan makes the point, how is it going to affect him? And will it affect his performance? Well, will it, Jim? I don't know. I mean, this is a man who set up a new life for himself halfway across the world his whole life, never mind his boxing career. But this guy has skill, speed, power. He's a southpaw. He's unbeaten. Have I missed anything out? For heaven's sake, what is Carl Croch fighting off tonight? This is going to be the toughest night of his life. But we have to remember this guy has not fought at the same level Carl Croch has fought at. He's boxed at a level where he can keep opponents at arms length. He's not going to be able to do that with Carl Croch. Car is going to get close eventually. And what's going to happen when that happens and this guy finds himself under pressure against a man like Carol. They call him Lomb, which roughly translates to the demolition man. And he earns that reputation. In 10 world title fights so far, he's stopped eight of his opponents. But Jim's right. He hasn't been in with any of the Super Six guys yet. [Music] Kept himself out of that tournament, [Applause] but aims to prove a point here. Now then, what does the tale of the tape tell us tonight? [Applause] [Music] Calling it no easy way out. Fro is only two years old. Although some people think he is coming towards the end, he denies that. Roughly the same height, the reach only an inch in it for both inside the 12 stone super middleweight limit. Froch's debut was 10 years ago. Vout a year later, they both had exactly 30 fights. In fact, Froch has only boxed 18 more rounds than the Canadianbased fighter. Putout though with that impressive knockout percentage. 80%. He does hit hard. Watch for his body punching with the left hand. And here's what the book makers say. They've got Bouty as a warm favorite. 13-8 on Croch odds against even at home. The draw is at 25-1. [Applause] It's a big one. All right. One of the big big nights in British boxing this in recent memory. And uh we're ready for the introductions. [Applause] Ladies and gentlemen, would you please show your respect for the national anthems? [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] A [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Ladies and gentlemen, this is the moment you've all been waiting for. This is the main event, the fight of the night. Eddie Hol from Maximum Sport in association with Interbox proudly presents 12 rounds of boxing for the IBF Super Middleweight Championship of the World. All sponsored by 888 Poker in association with Longtown and Northfire. And a very warm welcome to our viewers joining us live here on Sky Sports HD and Sky 3D. And for the thousands in attendance and the millions joining us around the world, [Music] fight nine live. All the officials have been appointed by the International Boxing Federation in association with the British Boxing Border Control Stewards in Charles, Charlie Charles and Dave Rooden. Our supervisor from the USA is Lindseay Tucker. Timekeeper at the bell is Mr. Andrew East. And our three scoring judges, Howard Foster of England, Benois Rousel of Canada, Steven Weissfeld of the USA, and the man in charge of the action and taking part in his 21st World Championship contest from New Jersey, USA, L Brown. They're the officials. And here we go. Introducing to you firstly. He's fighting out of the blue corner. He's wearing the black trunks with silver and weighed in at 11 stone 13 lb 5 oz. He brings a 30 fight record, 28 wins, 20 inside the scheduled distance, just two defeats. He comes to the ring as a former undefeated British and Commonwealth. Super middleweight champion. He is the twotime champion of the world. The fighting boy of Nottingham, England, where he is known as the Cora Carl. And now the champion is fighting out of the red corner wearing the red trunks trim with silver weighed in 11 stone 13 out. He is undefeated 30 contest 30 wins 24 inside the scheduled distance as he makes his 11 defense of the title. He comes to the ring as a reigning and defending IBM super middleweight champion of the world. Originally from Romania and fighting out of Montreal, Canada, ladies and gentlemen, the champion, Lucian B. [Applause] So that's it. Here we go. 12 rounds of boxing for the IBF Super Middleweight Championship of the World. [Applause] Paul Lucian, you receive your instructions in the dressing room. Obey my commands at all times. Protect yourselves at all times. Punch them up. Go to your corner. All set to go. You've heard all the talk and all the buildup to this fight. Froch looking for what might be the most exceptional performance of his career. He is the underdog here. The world respected magazine boxing monthly has bouty as number one in the world even above Andre Ward. He's in the red trunks. The Romanian base now in Canada. Southpaw with a big snappy jab and a booming left hand. And that's why Froch has to be a bit careful not to walk into that because it is potentially a knockout punch. Even though Froch has never ever been stopped and as far as we can detect only flawed once in his career by Jermaine Taylor. He can't trade on that indestructibility. He's going to have to be a lot cuter than he was with Andre Ward. Jim. &gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely. But he's going to have to impose himself on Bouty maybe the way he didn't do against Ward. The way he boxed in the last couple of rounds against Ward, he's going to have to do that tonight. He's going to have to do it earlier. That wild stuff there from Car. He's taking chances. They're letting his right foot get in front of his left with that attempt. Now the referee's going to be stripped. We'll find that out already. I mean, I didn't see too much too many rules been broken there. Yeah, I know. Brown wanted to impose his authority straight away. The battle of the jabs is interesting here. If gets that southboard jab going, Fro could be in trouble. He has to bring his own left lead into play in this fight. Something again he couldn't do at all with Ward. Ward wouldn't let him. But you see moving in the anticlockwise direction getting his right foot outside his left. That's the way a circle wants to move that way. He's got balance. He's got a good shot. Beautiful left by the &gt;&gt; And he wanted to hold on a bit after that landing as well. Bout. There was one fight on his record against a fellow called Andrade where he fell apart and was rescued by the referee. Some disgraceful refereeing. He got the win but was given forever to recover. Well, Croch is prepared to take chances and that's what he's going to have to do tonight. &gt;&gt; Looking to respond. &gt;&gt; There's that big left hand coming in from Bouty. But Froch has done okay so far in this opening round. Definitely one shot buzz Bouty up a little bit. But people do wonder still about his resilience in a longd distance battle. I think come in tonight thinking floss would be easy to catch with punches but he's not. He does make basic mistakes defensively but he's not easy to catch and he's coming back with good counters here. &gt;&gt; Leaping in with the right hand. The right hand usually the honey punch for anyone against the southpaw in theory anyway. They have thought long and hard about how they're going to approach this. Robert McCracken, the trainer and the team and how to negate what Bouty usually does every time. Good punch from Bouty. Well, I don't see a lot to spott him again. Good work from from both taking chances. I think this is going to be better than even we expected. Walked onto a left hand in that exchange. But I thought he did okay in that opening round. &gt;&gt; You can catch this man. No problem. But he's standing up at all and you're letting him meet you cuz he went back to the ropes. Listen. Listen. He went back to the ropes and sat there and let him throw a shot. He loaded up. Listen. Don't load up. Listen. You can hit this fell, but you can't load up. You got to move in and out. &gt;&gt; Okay. Just watch the punching on the break. All right, listen. You've got to move in and out. Cole, listen to me. Lighter on your feet. All right, you can hit a little bit this fell. You got to be a bit tidier. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I know. But don't give him nothing. All right, down the middle. Move your head. Come on. Wake up. Come on. Come on. Switch up. Come on. Deep breath. Come on. Come on. Come on. &gt;&gt; Robert McCracken there in the corner with K. Froes in that opening round. Yeah, he did a couple of clumsy things which will be dangerous, but I thought, okay, Buy finished the round a bit better. I thought as good as he got and he tested Bout's chin a couple of times, which is good. Five wins and two defeats in world title fights so far for Carrot. Sometimes he's done it in an extraordinary fashion, like winning with 14 seconds to go against Germaine Taylor away from home when he was losing the fight on the scorecards. Anyway, he does find a way to prevail. Beaten only by Nikuel Kesler and last time out rather outclass we thought by Andre Ward there. He's trying to let that big left go. Bouty, this is as deep as Bouty has ever been in as well. It's the first time he's fought one of the elite men in the division. He's beaten some useful men but not men in the froch class. Yeah. And he's not finding all that easy to get into punching range. I know it's early days, but I don't see much difference in the speed of Bouty to the speed of Froch at the moment. Crotch keeping a cool head just keeping that jab ever at the ready. Not getting his jab into play at all so far. Bout significantly. He's hardly landed it. He's looking at that left hand. He's very, very fast with that. And he's got a good repertoire as well. Watch uppercuts to the body. That's a big shot for Bout and has been in the past. Yeah, that's the big worry for Froch. I mean, against an orthodox fighter, that left hand up through the middle to the body lands so much easier. Fro will have to be wary of that. But he started this round positively. Couple of good shots home already. &gt;&gt; Very little in it so far. Talking about careful pressure was hot. He was hot. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he was. I think too again. and he wanted to just grab on for a second. &gt;&gt; That was a thumping right hand there. Did not like that. Fro has twice already shown the power to trouble him. &gt;&gt; Grounds for optimism possibly for Froch. &gt;&gt; Looking to disprove those who seek to write him off with this massive crowd or nearly all of them anyway right behind him here. So he's already beaten Andre Derell in a close one and in a thriller too. Pascal &gt;&gt; heads coming together. Let's get the told you break off. Fro was right to throw that left hook. This is a good round for &gt;&gt; and again he gets his jab into play there. The left jab from the referee's going to take one in a minute if he keeps diving in in the middle of some of the exchanges as he did just back then. But can close well chopping right hand but comes back with a better one. Good right hand from Fox as well there too. And again he stops Bayout from pumping that left hand into the body. If he can plant doubts in Bout's mind that'll be a big thing cuz this guy's been oozing confidence for a few years. [Applause] Come on. No, no slow jabs. All right. One, two, double it up. Don't worry about your arm. One, two, double it up. And then short and sharp when you're there. for everybody. Don't stand up tall though cuz he'll catch you. Listen, you have to move side to side all the time. &gt;&gt; Carra trying to lay down the law in his hometown of Nottingham again. &gt;&gt; Well, showing us again is the power to hurt Bouty. Bouty had to grab hold after that right hand. It wasn't a full blooded shot, but is so heavyhanded. Anything he lands with the knuckle part of the glove is going to hurt. This is the third round. Carrot of Nottingham in Nottingham in the black trucks trying to become a threetime world champion here and to dethrone the unbeaten Lucian Bouty. Huge television audience in Canada. Sugar Ray Leonard is here working for Canadian TV for this fight. &gt;&gt; You know the booties boxing at the moment is a bit amateurish, you know. poking out with the punches, feeling out with the punches. He's not snapping them out the way Froch is doing [Applause] with the left hand there. Trying to move away all the time from that booming left hand that Bouty possesses, &gt;&gt; but Bouty is trying to draw leads from FR and Froch is not obliging. &gt;&gt; So, he's having to step right in and let the left hand go to get some punches home. approach KJ and Clever [Applause] &gt;&gt; Croch with the badge of his beloved Nottingham Forest on his tracks on the side of him. Anyway, took a couple of closer fast bust him up again now and Fox goes to work again here and hammers in right hands and left's in trouble here taking some heavy shots. This wasn't in his script. And could this be a big big night again for the amazing Carl FR? &gt;&gt; His legs are gone. &gt;&gt; His legs are gone. He's &gt;&gt; all over the place. &gt;&gt; A minute and a half to go in. &gt;&gt; Can he get through this? He's just looked as if he's had a bit of a dodgy chin here, Bout. And these quick approaches that Froch has been working on in training are working for him. pass combination. They weren't loading up with power when they did it in the gym, but I think he is in here, you know, cuz he knows he can hurt this guy now. And he's winging away here bumping them in. From all early and a big uppercut with the right hand that time just can't get going and he might even be taken out if he's not careful here. Finds a left hand by way of counter. He's in crisis the champion. This is tremendous hope from Crossro. He's walking through but has gone. This is a big round for Bouty coming back into a little bit now. These legs are are weak. So they've got great power in these shots. Tremendous onslaught from coach some fighters in the game. He's hurting. Three punch combination. Fast stuff. Oh, what fools we were to write off. This is amazing. Big combinations. Referee takes a close look. Nothing coming back from Bouty who needs that bell and needs it badly now. He's having to show some guts. The bells coming up. It's an incredible round. It's a massive round. &gt;&gt; You're saying eight, are you? There was no knockdown. It was so one-sided Ian. It was so one-sided. If you're going to let people nick rounds, then look at I mean, look at the work here from F. Every time he landed on the chin, it troubled Bouty. He cannot take Froch's power. He cannot cope with his strength. This is remarkable stuff from Carl Fro. There's the right hand again. Well, there's nothing wrong with Boutin, I'll tell you that because a Glastian would not have survived the punishment that was dished out in that round. Look at that. That punch shook him right down to his boots. But we did see him fall apart against this guy Librado Andrade who's only modest fringe world kind of level. But that might have been you seen somebody like Mayweather fall apart like that. You haven't. &gt;&gt; But but the fact he took those punches, there's not a great deal wrong with his chin. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's he came through it just round four. &gt;&gt; It's a great round for but now he's got to do it all again. A minute's rest. Was that enough for Bouty? How long before Froch rocks him again and gets him going again? It's not at all what most people were predicting here. [Applause] It's another tale of the unexpected from a real tough guy fighter in front. See, it's when springs on to Bouty, he cannot do anything about it. When he tries to box his way in carefully, he doesn't get there. But when he springs on to him, that's when he creates the damage. &gt;&gt; There's that left hand. But the trouble is, you see, Frogger has got an absolutely fantastic chin. Seen that time and time again. So, the power that might have taken out other opponents might not take out him. &gt;&gt; Well, this is a dream start for Carl Fch. I thought he'd have been chasing this fight by the halfway stage. Quite the opposite. He's dominated. Repeat it. Never got the jab into play so far. Bouty, not once. And that's been vital for [Applause] just reaching with the jab rather than snapping it. That time has to keep the concentration levels all the time. I think this is the kind of opponent who's dangerous every second he's in there. Well, I think he's a worried man at the moment. I think he would like a couple of quiet rounds just to get his head clear. Look, every time takes it to him, he takes it away from him. Did get another good solid looking. And another one for the body again. No effect on Froch who just sucks. But I tell you something, they thought the bout come that speed was the key. They thought they were way too fast for Froch. But the hand speed approach has troubled Bouty right the way through. &gt;&gt; It's the fact that he's moving right in with the punches. He's not reaching with them. He's actually charging into Bouty. So Bouty can't get set for counter punches. And Croch getting power into the short punches. Good work here from Bouty coming back into things a little bit soon before Croch gets him going again. It's a long way back in a way for Boute here. This is the kind of crisis he hasn't really had since the end. Quite later on in the game, those big boomings on the right and Bout took that as well. Putout cannot continue to take these shots. He's going to get knocked out here. He's out of it already. His legs seem to be gone and he sucks it up and his conditioning has got him through to this point. But FR can smell blood here. Oh, and a big shot. Ro [Applause] in there. I thought for a moment there the referee was going in to stop. There's some damage by the eye. Hardly knows where he is. Bout couldn't find his way back from the corner in all that. We couldn't hear the bell. Such was the noise. There were so many punches going in. You wondered if the referee was going to dive in. [Applause] referee taking a look at the blood by the left eye as well. &gt;&gt; Every time Fro lands cleanly he blasts booty right out of there. He cannot handle the power or the strength. I mean another dominant session. Okay. Didn't dominate for the whole round. &gt;&gt; But cannot continue to take these shots. He's gone. His legs have gone. This is all down to what kind of condition and powers of recovery does he have. &gt;&gt; He hardly knew the way back to the corner then. &gt;&gt; I mean it might not have been long enough I don't think. Here's round five. Is Carrot here on the brink of something absolutely extraordinary. He has been an underrated fighter. There's no doubt about that. Particularly earlier on in his career. There's that blood around the left eye now of Bout who's showing great courage to stick in with this. &gt;&gt; Yeah, but there's no question who's in the driving seas. &gt;&gt; Not at all. Absolutely none. Crotch is in fire. So whatever booty throws at him, he'll just walk straight through it. &gt;&gt; I think you said it there. It's a Nottingham Forest fire, isn't it? That's what we've got here. Oh, he's on a referee. He's not. He's not doing this surely. He goes against the ring. Now he's got to give a count. There are people that got in the ring. He can't go on B. He can't surely. No Eddie Hearn got in the ring and it's over. It's over. Carrot once, twice, three times a champion. Still the sheriff of Nottingham. And that was quite amazing. Well, he thought that he would do it. Not too many people believe they would do it. I don't even know how many people close to him believe they would do it. But it shows you the difference between boxing in the first division and boxing in the Premier League. Wonderful performance from Carl Froch. People asking, has he come to the end of his career quite the opposite as the best performance of his life saved it for a special night in Nottingham? &gt;&gt; There's Rachel Cordingly, his model partner. Eddie Hearn who got into the ring. The referee hadn't actually stopped the fight at that time by the way. He was still delivering a count and then amid the chaos. Referee didn't make it exactly clear but it's over. It's definitely over the corner but walked over. Larus the trainer and retired but anyway it's all academic. What a win. That was one of the greatest wins ever I've seen from a British boxer and against the bookmakers odds too. &gt;&gt; Yep. And it was from start to finish. Did not lose a round up to that point. Dominated. I gave him a 108 round in and the third complete domination. Wonderful performance. We knew it was top league, but I did not believe he still had a performance like that in him. He told us he would do it. We'll believe him the next time. confounds the critics and proves that this is a fighter who will go down in British boxing history and will have a legacy. What an amazing tough guy fighter. Wonderful tactics. Huge credit to Robert McCracken, the trainer and for devising these. He was just way too much for Bouty. That punch finish and the referee could have stepped in any time now and Bouty was on the ropes. The referee must have decided that the ropes were keeping up as it was a knockdown. But this was dangerous in here entering the ring. Everybody thought he'd stopped the fight, but then the referee started counting. But there was no way but could recover from that. But this time his seconds had already walked into the ring to call it off. But look at the punches. Frost not be denied tonight. Bout such an emphatic winner so often in Montreal. You said it Jim. He moved into the Premier League tonight in with one of the top guys and Froch took him to school and blasted him out of the argument in five rounds. Well, he were told there's a return clause. Do you think he'll want it? &gt;&gt; Well, that's a very good question. There is a return clause. They can do it again in Montreal, but Froch just looks as if he packs too much power for this fell. Referee I think was the &gt;&gt; referee should have stopped there. Oh, that was silly referee even bothering to count there. Okay, the ropes kept him up so it was a knockdown, but wave that off. The man is going to be seriously damaged. Wave it off right then and there. &gt;&gt; I can see why Eddie Hearn the promoter ran in the ring like that. You see in the background the referee still hasn't stopped the fight officially. He's delivering a count &gt;&gt; staggering. Yeah, staggering. &gt;&gt; Should be in the ring, but the referee's body language was very confusing. The trainer walks over, says, "Look, don't bother with all this. We're retiring him anyway to save him. I mean, really, the referee should have stopped the fight before, but what a win for Carro. That was spine jingling stuff. Fight Andre Ward again after that. &gt;&gt; Yeah, with that attitude and attack, but back on his canes again. The thing is he can choose who he wants to fight. He's the money man now. He's the attraction. &gt;&gt; Mikuel Kesler, the very good Dane who beat Froch, one of only two men to beat him, is here tonight. I know he's just moved up and had a win at light heavy, but you could see those two doing it again, couldn't you? Maybe here. &gt;&gt; That's a fight is desperate for &gt;&gt; in Nottingham. Yeah, &gt;&gt; that's a fight has been since he lost the first time, he's never accepted that. So that's a fight that could be if Kesler fancies it after what he's seen tonight. Just fabulous from Carl Froch. An incredible performance. What a performance he gave the fans here. They will never ever forget it. And by the way, neither will we. Ladies and gentlemen, timekeeper Andrew East has recorded a time of 1 minute and 5 seconds of the fifth round. Your winner, And [Applause] And the threetime champion of the world, the cobra car. [Music] A standing ovation. One of the great performances by a British boxer. Carl Froj, a threetime champion in the world, is crowned IBF super middleweight king, takes the applause for Lucian but that was simply breathtaking from the Cobra. 10,000 people still on their feet, the belt round his waist. We'll have reaction and we'll be hearing from the Cobra in just a couple of minutes time. It was simply sensational. Stunning. Carl Froch, the sheriff of Nottingham, the champion of the world, a world champ for the third time. And didn't we enjoy that? Fro ringside talking to Adam Smith. Carl Froch an absolutely scintillating performance. a threetime champion of the world. Has it ever got any better than this? &gt;&gt; It's still sinking in to be honest. It's absolutely fantastic the support. I just want to make a big thank you to all the fans for coming here because it's it's late in the morning. Um people have really turned out for me. But no, he's still sinking in. You know, after the Andre Ward defeat, I was very very deflated to say the least. But, you know, things wasn't right out there. I had no excuses. I got beat by the better man on the night. But I was here tonight to put right or wrong. And I came in this ring more determined than I've ever came before. I' i've listened to Rob McCracken, my coach, from day one today, whatever it is, in in 12 months. And um he never gets it wrong. When he tells me what to do, and I listen, I always get it right, you know. And I've I've been I've been um I've been guilty of switching off in the past, but tonight I was very switched on, focused, determined. I felt like a million dollars for the last two months. I've been on the weight and I came here to do a job. And I was so focused from from in the changing rooms earlier from round one right through. If it have gone 12 rounds, it would have been 12 rounds of that. I was just on it on it tonight on &gt;&gt; I tell you what, you looked a billion dollars in the ring. You've been on the road for 3 years. You've tackled the best Lucian Budet undefeated and you've done this. Some accomplishment, Carl. &gt;&gt; Unbelievable. A lot of people wrote me off. A lot of people on um on the, you know, on the pundit trail, a lot of people in the boxing magazines now, &gt;&gt; you're a big underdog. &gt;&gt; They're rewriting the script. They've got Luchon But ranked at number one. They've got me ranked at number four. Of course, I want to see that rectified. And um the bookies as well. The bookies got it wrong. Like I said, they would. So, a lot of people in Nottingham have made a lot of money on me because, you know, the odds were great. And I'm here tonight to just put a show on, win this IBF title, and that's exactly what I've done. &gt;&gt; Sometimes, Kyle, you admit you're slow out of the blocks tonight. It was fast, beautiful jab, the movement correct. You outboxed the boxer. &gt;&gt; I could not afford to be lazy, flatfooted, arms down, stiff head. I had to have my head moving. the feet had to be in and out. I've been listening to Rob. I've been training with all the top amateurs, you know, and when I've got the guru in my corner, there's nothing can go wrong as long as I listen to him. And I listen to him, like I said, for the last 12 weeks. &gt;&gt; Let's bring the guru in. He's understated, undervalued. Rob McCracken, tactically perfect. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he boxed fantastically well. He trained really hard. Um, I mean, he lost in Atlantic City before Christmas, but things weren't right. Um, maybe down the line we can put that right. Ward's a great fighter, but Carl Froch is a great fighter. I think Kroch proved him and Wood are the best two at the division by a country mile. &gt;&gt; He's almost 35. He's been in with them all, but he looked the best ever. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's a fantastic specimen. He doesn't gain weight. He's he's tremendous to work with. He's got to be right. He's got to be focused for a fight and he'll deliver. There's Miko Kesser out there, another great super middleweight. There's some great fights out there. But let let's give Carl Fred some credit. He's been underrated in this country and I think it's Redful. He's one of the best fighters we've ever produced in these lands. A fantastic boxer. &gt;&gt; Here, here to that Eddie Hearn, the proud, emotionally exhausted promoter. &gt;&gt; Unbelievable. You know, I talked about Carl Froch. He's a friend. You know, he's a warrior. We knew this was all or nothing tonight. You know, you try not to put pressure on yourself like that, but this was a last chance to lose for Carrot and it meant so much to him. I want to thank the people of Nottingham for coming out. The support is incredible. And you know, we're contracted to go and rematch on uh Lucian But we'll do it in a heartbeat. You know, that was a comprehensive beating that Carl Fr on put on and he's three time champion in the world, baby. &gt;&gt; Baby, a wonderful night obviously for team Froch. And will you take the rematch? Will you I mean, you know, you will he take the rematch? &gt;&gt; Listen, we're contractually obligated to take the rematch &gt;&gt; in Canada. &gt;&gt; You're right. Will they want to take the rematch? That was a real one-sided affair. We'll go away. He deserves a family with his holiday or a holiday with his family. I don't really care which one. I can't believe it. We're over the moon. It's a proud proud day for England. I tell you what, we've had boxing on Sky Sports for 20 years. Frank Bruno beating Oliver McCall at Wembley. Ricky Hatton de thrown in Costas Hugh back in 2005. I think we rank it right up there. Do you? &gt;&gt; I do. Yeah, he's a great fighter. You know, I had to take him very seriously. That's what I did. That's why I did the business. Are we talking about Luton But &gt;&gt; we're talking about Carl Froch. &gt;&gt; All right. Okay. I'm the man. Yeah. I want to give big big respect to Luchin because you know he's a great champion, undefeated world champion and everybody's saying how great he was and how tough he was. Now he can punch. Let me tell you he can punch. He hit me with some good shots in there. But I took them and I came back strong and I did what I had to do. I can't say anymore. I'm just feeling so elated and so fantast he's he's brought me here and got this place packed out as well as I have. Rob McCracken, it's not just me in there. I know Rob climbs down the steps when the bell goes, but I do what he tells me. So that performance I'm I'm giving it to Rob. &gt;&gt; I want to ask you one more thing. What's the secret? What's deep inside the Carl Froch Arsenal to keep you performing fight after fight? &gt;&gt; You know what? I've got the desire. I've still got the desire. I have um conversations with Eddie Hearn at length and his dad Barry and um you know they talk a lot of sense and they talk from the heart and so does Rob as well for that matter. And it goes in there and because of the people I've got around me that's what drives me on. I've got my little boy Rocco. I'm fighting for him. I'm fighting for my beautiful partner Rachel. I've got a fantastic family. So, tonight I came here to to do it for myself, nobody else. And that was the difference tonight. I had to prove it to myself because it was all or nothing. If I lost tonight, I was going to announce my retirement. That's how close it was. But with a performance like that, I'm just so excited about the future. It's unbelievable. &gt;&gt; I can't think of a more deserving fighter who has now written his name in British boxing history forever. Well done, Carl. &gt;&gt; Thank you. Thank you very much. Round of applause from the guys in the studio as well because that was utterly utterly brilliant. Take the applause cal you deserve it. Len shots with three shots. Luca throw a jab. He's bum bum. Quick straight in with a quick combination. One, two, three. And so on that shot Lan to say, "Hey, what's going on here?" M said last night, we talked last night, he said, you know, the one thing he had to do, he's a slow starter, is jump on him from the off. It was a little bit raggedy. &gt;&gt; What was what was very apparent was every time he landed square on but he shook him to the floor every single time. And he done it off the back foot by making miss and then cracked him. And the left hook in particular worked a treat because But's right hand was down. But we didn't think &gt;&gt; round three, one of the the the rounds of the year, wasn't it? Ah, well, you know, he he goes straight in at him. He knows he's going to hurt him. He knows he's not up to to his sort of punches. So then he can just let go. He can let the punches go. Keeps throwing them. And look, Dout trying to hold. Fro knows now that this job's done. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we saw beauty was we saw Beauty was hurt because he was trying to hold. But then he he kept pulling away, moving his head up and down. And every now and again, Froch would land that left hook, that left hook in particular, and then the uppercut near the end. &gt;&gt; The problem that Beauty did was he didn't throw back. You know, he's he's he's trying to cover up, but he's not throwing back. He's allowing Fro just to te off. You can't let a guy that punches as hard as Carl. You'll always go to form when you're hurt. We saw him against Andrade and when he was hurt, he was looking at his corn. He didn't want to know. &gt;&gt; Brilliant unless you're around four and five and and just talk us through this because the pressure just &gt;&gt; Well, this is really the writing was on the wall at this stage, David. He was hitting him and his legs were going and everybody could see it. He was shaking him to his boots and it was only a matter of time and he was firing shots from all angles and you could see Fro knew there and then at this stage I've got this guy staggered back to the corner. I mean he's gone. It's only a matter of time. The one the one thing that he does he's not got to poke his face when he's hurt. You can tell he walks back. He staggers back. He's trying his hardest to hustle but he's not a good hustler. This is when this broad fight. How badly, you know, how badly he fell apart. I think when he got here, he should have knocked, you know, here we at the end of this fight then, we weren't sure whether the fight was over or not. The referee didn't make it clear he was going to give him a count. In fact, he did count him. But Eddie jumped into the ring. &gt;&gt; No, no, no, no. Eddie jumped in the ring and could have caused a disqualification. &gt;&gt; That could have caused a disqualification. &gt;&gt; Watch the ref jump in now. He jumps in as if to stop him, &gt;&gt; but he counts him, Glenn. No, I know he does, but why can't he jumps in? I mean, that was that was a legitimate the way he he jumps in there. The guy is out, then he decides what he saw. Bad referee. What he saw was Lucian's corner get up on the apron with the towel. So, he thought they were going to &gt;&gt; Let me tell you something, Johnny. I was in the meeting, the rules meeting yesterday and the IBF officials tell us if