Kind: captions Language: en Okay fellas, both you both in the dressing room. You both know I expect. Keep it clean. Break straight away when told. Both watch your edging close. Good luck to you both touch gloves. Good old lads. Well, finally the talking stops. This one's been building and building. So too has the sense of anticipation in this arena. Carl Froch been here, seen it, done it so many times. No mystery about him. What about this fell? How will he cope with the pressure? Jim, I've been watching him really closely during the preliminaries. He looks absolutely fine. I think we've got two guys in here, Jim, that both believe this is going to be their night. I've been impressed all the way through with Groves. Even more impressed now has tried to strike terror into his heart over the last few weeks. Hasn't worked. He's up for it. Well, there's the bros jab early. It's a big weapon of his. It's varied and it's spiteful. He said he'd be using it early. He talked about the two right hands he'd land in the first round as well. Crocs laughed at him when he revealed that game plan. Something I like to remember like this this fight was agreed to by Adam Booth. I know he's no longer involved. But Booth is a man who's known for having his fighters welfare at heart. Doesn't take chances with the fighters. The fact that he who knows George Groves fancied this job. Maybe we should pay some attention to that. Look how confidently he started here. Backing him up. I talked to Adam Booth not two hours ago, Jim. He said, "I wouldn't have put him in here if I didn't think he could win it." And Patty Fitzpatrick, the new trainer, has implemented that game plan. He's not well known outside of the boxing business, Patty Fitzpatrick, but he's a smart cook. He knows what he's doing. Countering well with the jab there, Groves. When he leads off, he's not finding the target, but he's he's landing with a counter. Good stop and making frost miss a couple of times in his opening session as well. Getting in a little sneaky little uppercut there as Howard Foster was telling him to break. Groves, he does not look like a man who's overruled by this occasion. Groves, he looks like a man that's thriving in it. Whether he'll feel like that if lands a couple of right hands will remains to be seen. But this jab looks a weapon. He's got those long levers. That jab just keeps going and going. I think he's beaten Froch at his own game in the early stages here. Froch loves to counter with that left jab, but a little f Oh, beautiful the right hand. There's the right hand he was talking about. So far, he's executing his own plan. But then Frost lands a right hand. Just got a little bit slaughtered here, a little bit too adventurous, Groves. But what a good start from him. [Applause] This is not an overwhelming surprise. as he is a fast guy, fast fighter, quick hands, great timing Groves. A lot of people thought, you know what, Froch will wear him down, but Groves will make a good start. A lot of people see Groves being ahead after four or five rounds. And Rob McCracken was saying, that's one thing we don't want. We don't want this fell getting a bridge head and building some confidence. An attentative jab from Fox. Takes the right hand. He's not throwing the jab with confidence for he's struggling with the range of Dale right hand George timing perfect on the floor for only the second time. What a shock and this place has just become electrified. Well, he's temped him with his own punches and he paid a penalty. Does that have right hand again and looks unsteady. He was hit after the bell there. What a sensational start. And FR looks shaky as he sits down. And Rob McCracken is going to have to give one of the great talks in one minute. But what can he do to turn this around? Because FR looks all over the place in there. I was talking to George yesterday the way and I said any advice I would give you would show him in the first round that he's not the only puncher in there. Well, George Groves has done that and then some. That was terrific. Bumble. 60 seconds be enough to recover from that. Carl Pro, as we know, has got the toughest chin in the business, but he's throwing punches with no confidence and he's paying the penalty. And he took a big look how look at his legs when he comes out there. He has gone there. He has gone there. And he took another big shot. But before the bell sounded, will one minute be enough to get him back together again? Unbelievable start from George Gro. Well, he delivered on his promise at the press conference, although he didn't go as far as to say he was going to have Carrots on the floor in the first round. And Froch was badly shaken. That was not shades of Germaine Taylor. The other knockdown, there's a kind of nervousness about Froch's boxing even before the knockdown. You know, he's not throwing the punches, but the confidence that we expect to see him, he is a worried man. He knows his reputation's on the line. He's been talking big. He's going to have to improve. Groves is terrific at the moment. Well, it's still early days, but Groves is dominating this. And the speed and the timing of that right hand. These little fins are good, too. Just making right is looking slow. I said, Nick, if you come into the fight thinking you're in a different class from the other guy, it's a recipe for disaster. I wonder if that's the problem here with Froch. But Froch is a warrior. He's had to dig deep so many times. But look at the jabs. He's playing with that jab. There's no confidence in what he's doing. Look at Groves. Groves is stalking him. Taking his time. Not rushing it. Well, he knows he has the power. Oh, he's there again. Terrific. He just looks so fast in there compared to Froch. Terrific speed and timing and blocked him off there, but Froch is coming through landing a couple of good body shots. Left hook. Takes a left hook at the end of it. Groves responded. Well, he's really been dragged somewhere horrible here. Carl Croch. Well, that's the second time Froch has landed a punch after the call to break. There's no rhythm in what Carrotch is doing. So much adventure from Groves. Managed to get him there with a right hand counter to the body. But Groves, Groves just looks physically stronger as well. Bully him. He looks so relaxed, doesn't he? All the strain, all the tension seems to be with Froch. That was a bit better from Broch. Got a jab through that just snapped the Gro's head back a little bit. Broch just needs to get through this round, Jim. And I'm sure that's what Rob McCracken said. Don't do anything stupid. Get through. But he keeps getting caught by these right hands. You know, all through Carl's career. We've been telling him about the left hand been too low. All good fighters, good experienced fighters have talked about it, but he's been getting away with it, so we couldn't criticize it. But the right hand can seem to miss here from Groves. That's what he's thinking about when he comes forward, cuz he loves to come forward. But if he does come forward and walks onto one of those right hands over the top, well, we've seen what can happen. Last few seconds of the round. There's no confidence in this jab from Fox. Look, he's playing with it as though he doesn't believe it's going to land that. Just pulled him over there. [Applause] Well, he just needed to get through that, didn't he? For his own confidence, I think. Now, can they continue the rebuilding process? Let's hear what Rob McCracken says. We spoke about every Every time you catch him, don't rush in cuz he throws it. You're listening to me. Opening your mind. Every time you throw the jab, he rushes in. Move off. Okay? If you rush in, he's going to throw that right hand. Look, you're sensible enough now to know he's looking for the right hand. Well, do you know what, Nick? No matter what happens from this point onwards, George Groves has made his reputation tonight with what he's done in the first two rounds. Fantastic. He's just he's bullying Carl Fro. It's just hard to believe, but that's what he's doing. There's no confidence in the jab of Carro, which he depends so much upon. He still has those power shots, those armed, those heavyhanded punches that he throws, but Groves has worked through them and answered whatever he's had to take. And Groves was off his stool early. He wanted to get back to this. An unbelievable start. And again, Froch almost flinching as that jab came in. I mean, Carl Fro is the toughest guy in the business, but he doesn't like taking punches. And another So, he is not used to this. He's looking for an answer and he hasn't found it yet. Just pouring at his left eye there as well. Froch There's that left hand. So, low. There's a little faint again from Groves. He's come in here with a terrific plan. Right hand again lands. Crot's got another right hand to the body though. But he hasn't made any kind of a dent on George Groves yet. [Applause] It'll be interesting to see those bookies odds now, but they've swung back the other way drastically. And look at the speed again. Cross just launched himself in and Groves was gone. Long gone. That was class from George Rose. That was downright cheek. But there's some more of the same. Oh my goodness me. He's making a mug of carrot in there at the moment. Car has never been the best as far as balance is concerned and I think it's letting him down a little bit. There's a now and again he's just looking a little bit closer but he's a paw with the jab as though he doesn't believe they're going to land and they're so easy to counter because there's no stop in them. Caught again with another right hand again. He worked the body with the right hand froze but it was wide open and a punch on the break as well from Gro. Well, they're both guilty of that. [Applause] Nice right hook from Groves. He is hitting FR so clean so often. Fro continuing to try and work the body then finished off with a right hand upstairs and then he starts to unload and Groves felt that one. And now Fro is on the front foot. Another big body shot. Big right hook. Well, this is kind of fight now when he can use his physical strength, but he's taken a big left hook back. But for all that physical strength, it was Groves who pushed him back across the ring. The left eye of Groves is marked and swelling underneath and swelling a swollen eye is worse than a cut eye because they could close completely. But Gro still having the last word and that's so important in this kind of fight. Again, a real lazy looking right hand that Grove saw coming so easily. Got well out of the way. Groves's defensive boxing is spot on. His concentration is admirable. The jab again falling short from he can't string anything together. Croch's no rhythm and what he's doing. He needs mistakes from George Groves to punish him for them and he's not making many. [Music] Absolutely gripping stuff. And here's Patty Fitzpatrick. Mick Williamson has got to go to work on that eye. Now listen to me. Fitzpatrick speaking to him yesterday. He was so calm. He talked about all George Groves's strengths, all Carl Roch's weaknesses, and said they match up so well. There was a good response from thrott for a few seconds in that round, but I still feel Groves looked the boss looked to producing the better work. And the main thing is he answered whatever Carl Froch threw at him. He was shaking himself. Fro knows he shook him up and he went in to try and capitalize on it. But Groves again considering his lack of experience at this level, his defensive boxing is terrific. He coped with it well, saw the crisis out and got back onto his own job again. But it was a happier corner from Carl Froch. I wouldn't say it was all smiles, but he looked a little bit more cheerful like it was starting to come together. And anybody who writes off Carl Froch knows nothing about the man. But it is a worry if you're a Froch supporter how easily Groves is able to tag him. Look at the jab. He's throwing the jab and pulling his chin out of harm's way at the same time. It's as though he's expecting to be countered. You know, it's as though he's worried more about what's coming back than what he's doing himself. I've never seen Carrots like that. I mean, these are flex. Oh, the double jab right hand following up. Unable to get out of the way, unable to block anything. Well, George Groves is a hero that will ever happen from this point onwards, but this has been phenomenal so far. Well, he's made believers of everybody and all the people, and there's plenty of them who said Groves has a good chance here. They're looking pretty clever right now. Another double jab going through can't get out of the way of those. And he's not going to range Groves unless he's ready to do something. He's just picking his times. He's not countering everything that Froch does. He's watching them paw with the jab and then just picking these spots. He knows he's accurate with the right hand. Fro left hand is not trying to put his stamp on this. He's on the back foot and not doing anything about it. [Applause] Wants to break them up here. They're both kind of holding and wrestling. Wants to break them up. Howard Foster gave him every chance throw it looking over to the corner there. There's no for some assurance or some advice. We never see that. You talk about the two trainers. Groves makes a big point about saying look I'm in there on my own and that's how I am. Whereas KL says I need Rob McCracken around. I'm not here. I'm not at the level I'm at if it's not for Rob McCracken. And now he needs that guidance and support and encouragement right now. He's just second best in all phases. Little flurries, little flashes of defiance from ever, ever count him out. Good body shot. Ward hurt to the body a few times. Right hand again working when you're leading the terrific again from Groves and Froch. It seemed like he had a long time to get out of the way and he couldn't do it. The legs wouldn't take him. Nick, when you're leading with punches that you don't believe in, you're wide open for the counter. He needs more commitment for us. This is what he needs to do. He needs more commitment, more confidence in what he's doing. He's got to believe it's going to work. He doesn't seem to. Yeah. And Howard Hos is having a word now because that was a bit rough. [Applause] That just calms everybody down. But again, Jim, just for that moment there that Groves pushed it, was pushed up against the ropes. He just bulled straight back and he's shoving Froch around this ring. I don't think anybody can quite believe this. I mean, even the people who thinks, "Oh, yeah, George Groves has got a good chance." You couldn't see Groves dominating the fight the way he is at the moment. No, Nick, let's stop saying Froch is not performing, Groves is not allowing him to perform. I think he's come in here with totally the wrong attitude. I felt that that as they walk towards the ring. I felt that with the way he's been speaking recently. His reflexes are slow because of his attitude. He's making mistakes and he's been punished for everyone now and again with his heavy-handed shots. is getting a little bit of success but not tying anything together. The right hand is he's moving straight back. He's making mistakes. He's been getting away with for his whole career. He's not getting away with them today. Look at him stepping straight back there with his hands down. Seconds up. Round five. Round five of this 12 rounder. Carl Fro defending his WBA and IBF super middleweight titles in his 11th world title fight. George Groves from West London in his first and looking like he belongs at world level and looking like he could be here for a long long time. I think Fros is trying to get the center of the ring but there again there's that jab that there's no confidence in it that but he's taken a solid one. He's been out his best weapon has been taken away from him. Well, that was a bit better from Croch but he still took the left hook in the process. Groves has answered everything that's come his way. You can see Groves cocking that right hand. He just wants Car to make the first move. He's daring him to come in. And this time, Cro does take the bait. And as soon as he does, Groves is quick to time up and try and work inside. That was good work from Cros. There was strength and and purpose in what he did there and that's what's been lacking so far. I think he's trying to claw his way back into this slowly and surely. We haven't even talked about the cards yet, Jim, because there's been such drama, but it's it's it's very difficult to make a case for Carrots winning any rounds up till now. No, I've given every round to Groves, one of them by two points. The Fro is trying to claim the center of the ring. He's trying to to make it his kind of fight, but where's the fire? Where's the belief? That right hand missed from Gro. Good hand again. Working a treat. Well, this is a round that's up for grabs probably. Whoever can win the last minute of this because it's been nut both at the moment. So, whoever can put a stamp on the last minute here. Every time, Jim, that Froch threatens like he's going to get on top and deliver one of those whirlwinds of his. Rose finds an answer. He negates it. He takes it away. Carl just can't get any rhythm. This is not the typical Carl Froch fight at all. He can't bully his opponent. He can't be physical with him. Everything he's he's tried so far, Groves has answered. And his jab has pretty much been taken away from. A better round here from there's that left hook. You have to be impressed the way Groves answers everything that Croch comes up with. Exactly. But this has been a better round for Crotch. Not a lot to split them, but at the moment I'm leaning towards Crotch for the first time. digging in deep and breathing very heavily through that nose. A bit of damage there right on the bell and and he's he's cut on the scalp as well. It's all going wrong for him, isn't it? Well, Johnny and Richie are ringing side alongside us along with Ed. Well, Richie, what a terrible start for Carl. Yeah, terrible sp start and a great start for George Groves. Showing good decent power and I think the speed of Groves has certainly startled um Carl Froch. I half expect in that corner they're expecting a fast start from Groves anyway but nevertheless George Groves very impressive early on Johnny expecting a start that fast while George Groves's youth and his pace has done it all he's now got the respect of Carl Froch Car probably thought he could walk through George's shots he now knows he can't you now sat there expecting George to land with this big shot and if he lands you know Car's going to be hurt so it's a case of he's got to slow that pace down it's slowly starting to slow down but you know George is still keep him in in in control. Thank you, gentlemen. Yeah, thanks guys. I go back to something I said earlier, Jim. When was it that we last saw Carl Froch looking really, really good against a fresh young mid20s hot shot? You got to go back a long way. He's actually never done that because the last one they faced was Derell and that was a struggle. Not a good performance. Some people feel he lost. I don't. But it wasn't a good performance against a certain type of opponent. Froch is terrific. But I just think that one of the biggest problems is he's come in here with completely the wrong attitude and he's been having to deal with something he didn't even dream could happen. This is a nightmare. If what you're saying is true, then that campaign, that sustained campaign, that verbal assault, all the belittling of Carl Froch that George Groves was doing, not giving him any respect, it's worked. It's got into Froch's head. It's played with his mind. And when you're at this level, little things like that can make a big big difference. The mind games have been working for George Groves clearly because Froch just doesn't look right. And certainly once it was put on the floor, everything was up in the air. Froch is the one grabbing hold there. It's normal the opponent. The only way they can cover the strength and Froch the right. Terrific right hand again. He felt it. He felt it. Terrific powers of recovery always. The punches that catch you high. The punches in the jaw you recover quickly from. The ones that catch you high can have a stunning effect and it takes a little bit of time for the head to clear. That was a terrific shot. There's more. Another one. Another one. And three more. And this is big stuff from George Groves. Huge right hands. He has outfought Carl Fro in that bus. He completely outfought him and he picked every one of those shots so cleanly and accurately. And he's just growing in confidence if that's possible. And Frost walks on more and more. He can't miss with a right hand. There it goes again. He can't miss. He shouldn't throw anything else. You just wonder how much even a real tough guy like Fro can take of this. Another big right hook getting through there. This is a huge round for George Groves at a time when I thought Froch's experience would get him into the fight. There it goes again. Defenses nonexistent. This is turning into a night of disaster for Carl Croch and the worst could be yet to come. Missed that time. Croch on him straight away but couldn't sustain the assault. And George Groves dropped his gloves and said, "Come on." What a tear up. Brush has given it everything now, but can he land anything clean? Huge pressure, but anything getting through a right hand of him might have done, but he's still ducking and swinging and then boring him with the head. Groves, you are seeing the foolishness of youth there. We're just seeing the foolishness of youth. That was crazy stuff there from George Groves. He's been so disciplined. I don't believe he did that. He's winning the round with tremendous right hands in this. All he has to do is see the round out and put another one in the back. Take a rest. Get your breath back. Lovely job. [Applause] Croch things are getting desperate for him. What a nightmare this has been for Carl Roch. You got you in control now. What? Listen, you're in control cuz I told you to swing back. But don't stay there too long. Okay, you listen to me. Listen. When he swings back, right underneath, okay, you listen. Relax. Just listen. Breathe calmly. Watch. Deep breath. Deep breath. Come on. Breathe calmly. Listen to me. Keep doing what you're doing. Watch out. You'll swing back all the time. I need you. You know, this is a fight now that is not about tactics. Tactics have nothing to do with this fight. This is terrific action. This is all about now what each fighter can drag out of themselves. We have the fresh George Groves rampant at the moment. We have Carrot struggling. Never had anything with this to cope with in his whole career and he doesn't seem quite seem to know what to do about it. Phenomenal stuff from Gro, but he needs the discipline back. The cool head. Round seven. A lot of people said we wouldn't hear the bell for round seven. Carrots would have dealt with this fell by now. Not happened. Carl Fro desperately, desperately needs to hurt George Groves and quickly. It's that nice little faint again from Groves. There you have it. I have five points up and that put him onto his heels there. Carro was knocked on his heels by a jerab there, but Groves didn't follow up. You have to expect Groves to start concerning about him. That was a mistake from Groves. Is he starting to feel it? Inexperienced again. Maybe heard the call to break, Nick. Maybe maybe we didn't hear it. Haven't forgotten. [Applause] And he knows it. Rose has put an awful lot into these first six rounds and he's hit Froch with so many right hands and he's still there. But Nick, he's relaxed. He's relaxed. He's not forcing what he's doing. Fro is the one forcing and that's when you use up the energy in what you're doing. Groves is so relaxed. Just picking his times doing it again as I'm speaking. We thought it'd be a good one. Way, way better than I thought it was going to be, I must admit. All credit to George for that. Flutch is just so slow defensively. No reflexes whatsoever. It's as though he doesn't see the punches coming. Can't believe this. Let's drag out that old boxing cliche. You get old overnight. Is George Groves making an old man of Carl Croch here. I mean, these are jabs. Nowhere with those jabs. They're jabs that are asking to be countered. off balance, reaching with them and no confidence that they're going to land. I can only assume he's trying to set up the right hand, walks onto a jab himself, but these jabs, you can only assume it's the right hand he's trying to find out a route for, but not far. Beautiful stuff. And was shaken to his boots again by that right hand. [Music] [Applause] Ro's always a very very good finisher, but he hasn't been able to get rid of yet. It's going to take an awful lot as the cobra is still standing. Well, how much more of this? Getting the body shots in in reply there. From like now he's said, "Well, I can't stop these right hands. I'm just going to have to take him and accept him and try and get some damage done myself. Grove so relaxed. It's as though the punches are coming out of their own accord. So perfectly timed. Everything done at the right time. And he's got his his head screwed back on again for pleased to see. His timing is outstanding. Breathtaking. I think Froch is expecting to be countered. I mean, look at the jab reaching with it and he has countered. But he's pushed him back right on the bell now again. And George Groves didn't really take anything too heavy there. Well, David Haye warned us. He told us Carl Froch was not going to have it all his own way. Far from it, David. You've been proved spot on so far. Yeah, I you never know how Summer's going to cope at top level until they're at top level. And George G. You would never in a million years believe George was the challenger in this fight. He looks like the season. He looks like the two-weight world champion here. And K looks like the challenger, missing widely and not getting a grip of the fight. You know, George, he's doing everything I've seen him do in training. I said before, I wasn't sure whether he could do this at this level. I've seen him in in the gym doing this stuff. Everything he's doing here, I've seen him do it for years. And I just, you know, I didn't know whether he could do it on the big stage. And he's proved tonight no matter what happens from here on out, he's proved that he can perform at world level and at an amazing rate, pace, everything. He's been punched perfect so far. A few more rounds to go, but he's doing everything right here. Absolutely spot on. And you called it, David. You know him better than anybody or as well as anybody. He is has stepped up. Whatever happens now, he has stepped up to elite level. The right hand. Oh, good. He just came. I saw that one, but that one was in the chin. That was a beauty from that was bang on the chin. And again he went in with his left that he seems okay but that was bang on the chin. [Applause] He's going to take something like that from now he's so far behind you would think. There he is again and he's shaking him up again and Groves is in a bit of trouble now and Froch's trying to bully him and rough him up and Hal Foster's got his hands full here. Well this is a time Groves needs a cool head. Cal went in with the with the forearm there. That was a little bit cynical, the forearm and the elbow. So, but I think Groves will be happy with a little bit of respite because I think he's been caught with a couple of solid punches in this round. Sign of desperation perhaps there from Crotch. Do anything now to drag himself back into this round eight. But just a couple of signs in the last couple of rounds that Groves is starting to feel the weight of these froz punches. He has come off the pace a little bit. Groby still doing the right thing. Good work there. Slipped inside that right hand. Got him with a nice sharp left hand counter as well. And then very quick to tie him up, but Fro getting free and Fro starting to roughen up a little bit. George Groves cannot let that happen. You don't let Carl Fro get on top of you and overwhelm you. That's asking for trouble. Well, inexperience can be his only enemy tonight. George Groves, he's doing silly things now. He's forgetting about his defenses. He wants to show the macho, but there's no need for that. He's macho enough for everybody. This is around us in the balance. SP started well. Groves is coming back at him. Good solid jab from Groves. Well, this is another round at the moment. It seems up for grabs. They've both produced. Crox has gone right off the gas. Then he launched in and it was a bit rough and a bit crude. [Applause] Another big swinging right hand from Groves. Sends the spray in. But then look at the response from Fros and Mort. You know what? That could be a point off. That could be a point off. I think I think that could be a point off. He heard noise. He's warning the two of them, but Carl Fro was the one there and that's the last thing he can afford tonight. But that was cynical. He heard the the call to break and he carried on with three punches. That could have should have been a point off. Well, he'll he'll resort to anything now. It's desperation time. 20 seconds left in round eight. Groves tags him again with one of those right hands over the top. Froch charges after him. Groves gets away again. Doesn't want to stand and trade with in this mood because he's desperate. Yeah, but there are times when Groves has actually outfought Carl Froch. I'm swaying towards I think the best punches throttage landed tonight in that round were illegal punches. So maybe this round which was close is turning back Groves his way. Tough one to score this one. [Applause] Absolutely breathtaking stuff this. Stick this one on the list of great domestic super middleweight title fights that we've seen. Catch him breathing. [Applause] No. Well, Frz made that round his kind of fight. They both had good good spells, but once again, Groves, who made silly mistakes. Now, that punch wasn't as bad as we first thought cuz it kind of caught him in the back of the head, so it wasn't a legal shot. Yeah, that just kind of knocked him off balance, but he's losing concentration. And that was the kind of cynical elbow from. So Froch lucky not to have a punch, a point deducted in that round. Rough house from both guys. It's that kind of fight. And I tell you, Nick, what a fight it is. It really is. There's not a whole lot of respect between the two of them in there right now. Well, I hope there is, and there should be when it's all done and dusted because this has been an epic fight so far. And they're booing Howard Foster, but Howard Foster is doing absolutely the right thing just to try and calm this down because it's it's been threatening to overheat once or twice. [Applause] I don't think even if he loses a point for I don't think it makes much difference now. I can't see him getting a points win here. But don't forget, you know as well as I do, Jim, you know better than I do. Froch is dangerous till the last few seconds. Just ask Germaine Taylor. Yeah. Well, normally, you know, he saves stuff in the tank. When he was going through the Super Six, he saves stuff in the tank. He hasn't been allowed to do that. Groves has been on him right from the start and made him fight in every round. The pace is slowing down now. So, a beautiful shots again from Groves. Fro knows that coming, but he can't get out of the way. And there was a little left hook got thrown in there just for good measure as well. Well, Fro has proved his toughness. He says he can't be knocked out. I'm beginning to believe him because he's been hit with several knockout punches. And they're still coming. Still coming from Groves. And still Froch is standing tall. And then lands a right hand of his own. And Groves has wobbled. Groves is in big trouble now. And Fro senses it. And Fro is going for the finish cuz Grace's legs have gone. And Groves hanging on here. Just holding them spoiling trying to buy some tight, but Fro smells blood here. I think Fro need needs to finish it here. He really does. The Cro is in trouble. He's taken another one and another. And Howard Foster has stopped it. Wow. That is going to be controversial. Groves is disgusted. Rose is furious and there's going to be some controversy here. Fro had him in trouble. No question about that. But he was so far ahead George Groves. Was he in so much trouble that it required a stoppage? That's the question that's going to be asked over and over again. Well, considering the punches that both men took leading up to that, considering what was on the line, I feel the referee could have let her go on a little bit longer to see if Groves could have taken a count, could have grabbed hold of Froch. Froch looked at times to be in bigger trouble than than Groves was in at the time of the stoppage. I don't like to criticize referees. It's a tough job they have, but I think once he stayed here tonight, the fact that Gro was so far ahead, I would let it go a little bit longer just to see how he was going to cope with the crisis. He was in a crisis, but that's what this fight was about. This fight was just about one crisis after another. And I would like the referee just to have given him a little bit of time until we were sure. A fight like that shouldn't have been stopped until the referee was sure. He couldn't have been sure because it wasn't a sustained beating. It screams rematch here. It screams rematch. It has to be done again. Groves, who came into booze, is now saluting the crowd. And listen to the response he's got here. He's won everybody over tonight. Well, I tell you, I hope there is a rematch because that was phenomenal. But it won't spring the same surprise. I don't know if Carl Fro will want any more of this. It's been a tough career. Groves is going over. We'll see. This is Yeah, this is still looking pretty chippy in there, isn't it? It really is. I don't know if he has no I think Groves has gone over trying to be friends. Well, all three judges had Groves ahead. 17873, but two of them 7675. That was a close call. I can't see that. What What were they looking at? What were the No, I'm sorry. But it it's all threatening to kick off in here, which we don't need. And everybody just needs to calm down. Patty Fitzpatrick is embracing George Groves. Carl Roch has been led away to his corner as well. We don't need blood bad blood here because that was a terrific scrap and we need to do it again. But what a shame. What a shame it was stopped like that. And as you say, Jim, you have to feel for a referee because he's got a split second to make a decision. But this did seem early. Yeah. by a fight of this magnitude. He was he was hurt. He was in a crisis. He hadn't been on the floor. He wasn't standing with his backs to the ropes, having his head rolled back with punches. He was taking punches and he was struggling to cope with, but he was doing what a boxer should do. He was trying to keep a moving target. He was all over the place. Look, this is not sustained punishment. Big shot there which shook him to his boots. Fro has been on the floor and there there there's the big shot to to the temple. I mean, this is not a sustained beating when you look at what the both men have been dishing out. Groves was doing the wrong things there. No question. But no, for me that was too early. Too early. Groves was trying to cope with the pressure he was under. Granted, he was doing the wrong things. He was fighting back when he should have been fighting back. I felt all he could do was throw this away. And through experience, unfortunately, and a little bit of refereeing, that's what's happened. I'll be honest. I'm not sure he would have gone through that crisis. I'm not sure he would have got through it because he was badly shaken. But he deserved time to let us find out. Yeah, absolutely. He was unraveling. There's no question about that. And Froch is a brutal finisher as well. But I wonder if Howard Foster will look back at that and say, I wish I'd just delayed it. But then again, if you do and he gets hurt, then everybody's going to criticize him for letting it go on too long. But there were terrific punches he was taken and he was getting caught clearly on the chin. It was worrying. I'm not I'm not saying it wasn't a worrying scenario. I wouldn't like to have been the one who had to deal with it. But what was at stake? I mean, Groves, if he had gone on the floor, you know, the the 8 seconds cleared his head if he had to get a hold of Carl Froch. If through his lack of experience, if you come up with the right answer, he did everything wrong here. He should have been grabbing hold. He was trying to punch back. That's the natural thing of youth when experience would have told them take a knee, grab hold of an opponent, nullify, get through the crisis. He did all the wrong things and there couple of punches still going in after the fight was over. But what a terrific fight. And Groves leaves this ring with a reputation. Carl Fro to his credit has beaten a man tonight who was better than him tonight. And I suppose that's what being a champion is all about. And he may well have gone on and finished that job. But George Groves deserve the opportunity to try and weather that storm and ride it out. And I go back again to those scorecards, Jim. 27675s. That's just staggering. Absolutely staggering. Groves was outstanding tonight. That's what we're going to remember out of this one. That and the stoppage. Broch has got away with one tonight. I'm starting to worry about scored cars like I don't know what the answer is. They were letting them fight to the death or whatever. I mean this is I don't how could anybody only have Groves one point up. Carl Froch's corner knew it was well away from him. Now still we don't need points don't matter anyway. Fro got the stoppage and I sympathize with the referee Howard Foster because it was a tough call but what was at stake and and what had been dished out leading up to that a situation that I would have hated to be I would have hated to be the one who had to make that decision. Absolutely. And I I'll I'll re ask the question that you just asked there. What on earth has tonight taken out of Kyle Froch? Yeah, he's hung on to his belts but at what cost? That was a hard hard night for him. An absolutely terrific scrap. Really good stuff. More than surpassed its billing. And I hope these two can just show a bit of respect to each other at the end of all this because that was too good a fight for it to end on a sour note. Sadly, it has ended on that note. And this will reverberate for weeks and weeks and weeks. The bottom line is Carl Branch came in with two belts and he's going to take them home. But you can hear what these fans here in Manchester think about that. Ladies and gentlemen, 1 minute and 33 seconds of the ninth round. Groves in no position to defend himself. Therefore, your winner and still the WBA and IBF super middleweight champion of the world the colra. And let's show our appreciation for St. George. Have to say the studio guests outraged by that decision. Clemer McCury, your reaction? Absolutely disgusted. Unbelievable. I I just I still can't believe it. You know, why didn't they stop the why didn't they stop the fight in the first round when Carl Froch was heavily put on the floor? Got up and was wobbling about. They didn't stop it because they know Carl Froch is the champion, the tough guy. So then why when George Groves is miles ahead winning this fight hands down the first time he wobbles a bit the referee gets him in a headlock and drags him off. I mean despicable absolutely rubbish. A Khan. Yeah it's a very bad decision. I mean this is a world title you know I mean fight you know there's two world titles on this fight. So at least let the boys have it out you know I mean I know the Groves looked hurt but the referee stepped in bit too early in my opinion. Uh maybe he would have taken a knee but yeah I think uh in a world title fight you never see that. Fair to say you're outraged David Haye. Yeah in a this is a world title but this is for the you know the biggest prize in the division and to stop a fight like that was uh it was it was far to be honest you know. Um I said Carl was in bad shape in the first round. The referee gave him the benefit and was right to do so as he carried on fighting. You know who knows if how George would have fared if he was been allowed to carry on. He outgunned him in every department. Every department. This is fantastic. Absolute. You know, I I said leading up to this fight, I thought K George Groves would cause a shot, would give us some surprise and eventually Carl Frost would get him. But, you know, Carl Fox was getting on top, but he certainly didn't have him. And anybody that had fought the way George Groves had four world title fight deserved at least to go on the floor, at least to be given the benefit of the doubt, at least to even go out on his shield. You know, this is the boxing game. You know, it's a tough game and when you've got a shot and you're ahead in a world title fight, the first time you wobble, you should not be stopped. How Howard Fel will look at that. He got that one wrong. I think when he re watches the take back, you know, he'll realize I got that one way wrong. Um, but I'm just, you know, it was a it's a strange scenario and I'm friends with both of the guys and what I wanted from this fight was a clear victor, a clear victor, someone to win clearly. I didn't really want this controversy, you know, cuz it sort of leaves a great fight as it was as it was going on. Leaves a bit of taste in your mouth. You see, I mean, it was a terrific fight. Terrific drama fight. A lot of people thought Froch is going to walk through Groves, but Groves raised to the occasion and, you know, you see in the early rounds when he was putting the pressure and hurting Froch, you see Froch looking into a corner, you know, for advice from the corner, you know, you saw that. So, but it's a shame the way the fight's been ended. I mean, it was a cracking fight till the refugees stepped in. The crowd are outraged. They booed. They shouted obscenities. Well, you know, we're we're outraged. You know, you know, we've saw the we've s seen the fight. Every 20,000 people seen the fight. And I think to a man, everyone thought that was a bad decision. So why didn't the referee We can't all get it wrong. We can't all be wrong in that situation. I know. I know. But only the only difference is only one person whose opinion matters. Exactly. Exactly. As you said, we got going out there and I think that just says it all. Okay, let's hear from the two guys right now. Well, congratulations to both of you on such a thrilling fight. It was savage. It was thrilling, Carl. But what do you make of that ending? Yeah, I thought it was a fair enough stoppage. There was times where, you know, I hit him with two shots at the end and I felt I had a couple of more free shots on him. And I think when a fighter feels like he's got a free shot on a on another fighter, I was lining him up for the right hand. The uppercut went in. I honestly had a free shot on him. He was struggling. He was looking at the floor. His head was turning away. And it's that last shot, that last one shot or two shots that could do some serious damage in this sport. The referee's in there. The referee's six inches away from the the fighters and he looks into the fighter's eyes. He looks where the eye where the where the opponents are looking at the floor. He looks at the composure and he has to make a split session second decision. So, you know, you shouldn't be asking the fighter if I thought it should have been stopped. Of course, I thought it should have been stopped. And of course, George thinks it shouldn't have been stopped. Do you have sympathy for him? It's the referee's decision. I don't have any sympathy for him for him. No, because it's boxing. You got to put it in the referee's hands. The referee has to protect the fighters and I had a free hit on him. You can't let me have a free hit on someone. It's dangerous. George, how badly hurt were you at the end? He caught me with a good shot, but that should never have been a stoppage. If you look probably near enough every round beforehand, I had Cole buzzed and buzzed much heavier. And because he's got this warrior image, I think you got the benefit of the doubt a lot of the time. And because for some reason I've got this chinny image, it was stopped prematurely in my opinion. I just had to say that I've got immense respect for Carl Froch. I have done in the whole buildup. I think now he would respect me a little bit more after my performance tonight. I tried to shake his hand right at the end and he wasn't interested. He called down for a little bit and then he he came and he spoke and he said some kind words. But to come into an arena being booed because I stuck to a game plan. I had to come in and upset Carl Frch, tell him the truth. And Ed, I told you what was going to happen in the first three rounds. We can watch it back. We know what happened. And now I'm getting cheered. I'm getting cheered in front of all these amazing fans, boxing fans. I'm so proud to to come in and give this display and for all these people just to believe in me. I know I'm going to be a great fighter and I feel I was I had it taken away from me tonight unjustly. But I'll be back. I'll be back fitter and stronger. Eddie needs to make this happen. I'm just gutted. I'm truly gutted. Carl, did George win your respect tonight? As a fighter, I've never had disrespect for him. I've always respected him as a boxer. I said that on the buildup, but as a person, it was it was antagonizing me and being very disrespectful and being rude and and and silly and a bit childish. And I said all that. So, I said what I had to say. And I'm a man of my word. I stand by my conviction. I'm not going to go in there have a fight with him. I respect him as a fighter. He's a good fighter and I know what he can do. I've seen him fight time and time again. He's coming to the fight unbeaten and he's definitely earned more respect for me as a fighter in there tonight. More respect. I already had respect for him as a fight as a person. He's been very very childish, very disrespectful and a little bit stupid and downright rude. So I've had a problem with that. So until I shake his hand, I wanted to have a chat with him, have a talk to him, mano, tell him what I thought of him, ask him my opinion on ask his opinion on why what he said and why he said it and deal with it like men. And we had a chat. He gave me an answer. I was satisfied with that. You know, he was trying to get under my skin for a reason. It didn't work. And I've got a lot more respect from as a fighter and I've got a little bit more respect from him as a person because he's held his hand up proudly tonight. He's coming here. He's had a really good go. He got booed into the arena. Yes. And he's getting cheered out the arena and that's fair enough cuz he's got he's he's just gi a really really good fight at 25 years old. When I was 25 years old, I honestly say I couldn't have done that. I turned professional at 25. So, for him to come here and do that, you've got to give him respect for what he did in here. But if somebody's going to misbehave outside and be silly, then I'm not going to all of a sudden beat him in the ring like I said I was going to. And let's not forget who won here. Let's not forget who defended the titles. The referee made a decision there. The referee jumped in and stopped the fight based on his decision. It was very, very educated decision from Howard Foster. He knows what he's doing. He's a very experienced referee. When he watches the fight back, he might think differently. He might not change his mind. But one thing's for sure, he can come again. George, he's 25, 26 years old. He's just he's just give a a world champion a really really good fight and I I honestly I've got respect for him as a fighter and you know starting to turn it around as a person. Me and George I used to be good friends with him. That's David Haye. Then all of a sudden when the fight was made it he was being a little bit stupid but you know this isn't cat and dog and this isn't like Mickey Mouse stuff now where we're going to just carry it on for forever. We're two men. We've gone in here. We've g each we've given each other a good fight and it was a good fight and we've given the crowd and the paying customers at home a fantastic fight and entertaining evening. They've had their money's worth from myself and from George Groves. So, I think we both deserve respect and we're both fighters. Of course, we respect each other. Of course, we do as fighters. It doesn't matter if we get on out of the ring. When we're in that ring, that four cornered circle that nobody in this arena really knows what the fighters go through and what we do. They come here like old Gladiator fans to watch two gladiators at work and try and potentially do some serious damage to each other. And that's what we're doing there tonight. We got in there and we fought like warriors. So, you know, everybody's got to have respect for both of us. George, you were outspoken in the buildup, but you're content that you backed it up with a worldass performance. If we if we go back and look at what I said, I I in Cole's words, I didn't speak about him in a positive light enough and I was critical of certain aspects of his boxing. I feel I exploited a lot of those um weaknesses tonight. I'm just ged. I'm just ged. Eddie, maybe we'll get the rematch. We'll sort it out somewhere else. promoter Eddie Hearn. There will be calls for a rematch, won't it? It was very exciting fight and controversial. Listen, whatever you think of the of the decision, both fighters need a huge amount of respect. You know, like Carl says, no one know both fighters put everything on the line tonight. You know, they both deserve a huge amount of respect. For George, he was sensational. You know, I think he shocked everyone by his performance. Everyone knew how good he was. But for Carl, you know, you're talking about a man who just dug so so deep. He looked beaten in the first round. You know, he went down. I've never seen him down like that before. George Groves did that. And for these two guys to go at it like they did, the rematch is the one that makes sense. I think everyone would love to see it. Carl, how badly hurt were you in the first round? And did you underestimate George a little bit? I'll be totally honest. I've only just remembered that I got put down in the first round. So, I must have been quite badly hurt. I'm honest enough to admit that. I came out cold. He caught me flush with a shot. I don't actually know what he I think I think I stayed there. I think my feet held and hit me with a right hand as I backed up. And it was a good shot. But you know what? I'm like, I get up, I carry on, I spit out the dust and I get stuck in. It's as simple as that. And that's why everybody loves me. You know, there's a handful of people here tonight who are booing. But I gave everybody in this arena tonight massive entertainment. I can't be held responsible for what the referee does. He's a he's a professional, experienced referee. So, you got to give us fighters a break, you know, and appreciate that we're in there to do our job and the referee's in there to do his job. And that's what we both did tonight. And that's what the referee did. George, will the public demand the rematch? I think so. I think I think we put on a good display. I think everyone here, although they're not happy with the decision, they probably would have enjoyed the fight. I want to say a special thank you to Patty Fitzpatrick who helped me in a time of need 10 weeks out from a fight. I went to him and said, "I got a big fight coming up and I need your help." And he did. Gary O' Connor over there at State of Mind Fitness. He's been sensational. He's completely wiped his diary to take care of me and everyone else has helped me get to this position. You feel like a moral victor. I'll be back. I'll be back. I know that. Just like when I spar people, when I fight people, I get confidence. I came into this fight extremely confident. If we had a rematch, I'd feel no different. I'll come back better, stronger, and I hope I get that chance. Well done to both of you. [Applause] Well, he came in as the villain of the piece, didn't he? But George Groves walks away a hero. And surely, surely, surely that has got to happen again. Reaction from our studio guest coming up in just a couple of minutes time. The contender for fight of the year, George Grove said he'd get in the middle of the ring and trade. Froch down in the first round. George Groves dominated proceedings, winning round after round. Froch in all sorts of trouble. The referee Howard Foster controversially stopping it in the ninth. Froch retaining his title. The crowd go home unhappy. Glen McCory. People have been walking away shouting at the studio saying they want the money back. Your feelings on reflection of what we've seen. Well, first of all, I I've got to say what a terrific fight. It lived up to to all the talk, all the bad feeling, all the hype, you know, everything we we we've talked about. It lived up to that and you know, so that's the first thing. Great great fight. An amazing start by George Groves. He did everything that he said that he said he done. He took the center of the ring. He hit Fox with right hands from the beginning and was doing superb. He was way ahead in the fight, you know, way ahead on my cards. I thought the judges were, you know, it was, you know, every everyone here, you know, all world champions here all thought Carl was getting widely beaten. We know Carl's tough and, you know, I predicted that he would come back and he would stop me and that actually that was the the round that I said, but in fairness, in fairness, it should never have been. And then you know you're not bothered by the prediction should never have been that and Howard Fost good referee but he he got that wrong and you know it has to it has to happen again. It has to happen again because he was doing so good George and we me and he he did a lot more than that in the first round Glenn. He certainly did. I mean you know he did exactly what he said he was going to do. He came out and took the fight to Carl Froch exactly as he said he would. He jab was working. And there's the right hand. There's the two right hands that he predicted right from the start. I mean, look at this. This is this takes a lot of bravery when you're going in with somebody. Then look at the the knockdown was terrific. I don't think Carl expected anything like that. And you know, he carried on doing that. Carried on with excellent punches. We thought that Groves is going to be the fighter who's going to be on his back foot boxing Carl Croch, but you know what? It was opposite really. He was opposite. told us what he was going to do when when you mentioned to me that he was going to stand in the middle of the ring and fight him. I was in I was thinking maybe he's just saying that just kind of you know mess with Carl's head. An amazing brave start from you know taking in somebody you know Carl Frutz is a great fighter at times. I mean I if you watch um Groves he made he made him look very amateurish at times as well you know making him miss catching him. I mean the defensive side of Carl wasn't there. So he was making a lot of mistakes. One thing you one thing you've got to not take the credit away from Carl cuz Carl did what he said he was going to do grind him down and stop and stop. What we're our problem is with the referee's decision. You know if the fight would have carried on and George would have got knocked down and stopped. No one would have complained it would have been a great fight and everyone would have been saying how great and we want to see it again. But it was just the fact that the wasn't we wasn't we didn't get the chance to see what happened. We know and we know as with Jimn Taylor that you know call is you know there's 12 rounds in this fight. He's a great champ and he is dangerous to the very final bell, you know, and and and probably he would have, you know, in the next round or whatever as we thought might have getting it, but you just deserve you just deserve, you know, to be put on the floor. If you're going to lose, you want to lose properly and give us your your opinion on it. Yeah. Well, at this point, I had Cole winning the last two rounds. So, he is starting to get back on top, you know, and we know the the great fighter he is, but then he started to land with a couple of shots. George was looking to Yeah, they're big shots, but they're they're they're always big shots. Not as you know, George had landed big shots as well. He's on the ropes. He's still trying to fight back. He's off balance a little bit, but JC, it's not, you know, the referee should have jumped in front of Carl. You know, he shouldn't have pulled George away. But one thing I said about Carl, you know, in his in his earlier fights as well, you know, he does get stronger as the rounds go on. Yeah, he's not the greatest of starters. He's a slow burner. He's got great and he goes and he showed it here. He was in a world of trouble early, but he looked like deep down he didn't look panicked, you know, he was losing rounds, but he he knew deep down at at some stage he was going to catch him. And he said that to me before the fight. He said, "As soon as I start landing flush, the fight's over." You know, he didn't say when that was going to happen, but he said, "As soon as I start landing on George, have a look at this from the referee's angle." Yeah. Caught the leg and left hook. He's still there. jumped. There's no red. That was a real one to the ribs like he said. Yeah, one to the ribs that he took an unnecessary shot to the ribs which he's arguing with him straight away. He's not, you know, he's not disarray. He's got all his faculties. All his faculties are there now. You know, he's his eyes on