Kind: captions Language: en First and foremost, protect yourself at all times. Obey my commands at all times. Touch gloves. Come out banging at the bell. Well, you've heard all the talk, all the previews, the predictions, the threats, the theories. Sit back and enjoy what we hope might be another classic. Carl Froch against Mikall Kesler for the WBA and IBF super middleweight championship of the world. Fro as if you needed the identification is in the black trunks. The feeling of a really really big British boxing night here, Jim. Second, the biggest had in Britain for a long long time. What a big match up. Let's see who can establish dominance. Fro was a slow starter three years ago. Didn't do much in the early rounds. Might have cost him as well. They can both hit. They can both take a punch. They both got iron wills. And they've both passed any number of tests of their courage and quality. He's got to give up. Yeah, probably of the two crotch his boxing talents are underrated. He's difficult to hit. He measures range beautifully and and the new style he's adopted when he he reads puts punches together, face a little bust that works so well against I wonder if that will work against Kesler, but he can't afford to give him a start like he did last time. Let's see if either one of these two can get the other one onto the back foot. Crotch good with the jab early on. Busy with it. The battle of the jabs might be important in setting up the rest of it. A good right hand from as well who started fast here. He thinks Froch Kesler produced the fight of his life three years ago. He says, "I wasn't quite at the races." Flor is timing his job quite well. It's not full blooded yet, but it's landing already. The little red marks on Kesler's face. He's smiling, but I think that's a recognition of the fact that the jabs are landing. Been smiling all week, like a man who's seen it all before. There are some who think Kesler might be nearing retirement, that this might be his last fight come what may. He said things like that to his family, but I asked him about that. He says, "I've said that for the last four fights. Don't worry about it. I'm in here. I'm ready and I'm pitching and I'm going to win. Well, one solid jab and his red and Froch's nose already. He got his weight behind that. He doubled on the jab, landed the second one, but there Froch again just slightly ahead in the battle of the jabs in this opening round. Right down to business. Both with massive respect for each other away from the fight. They're pretty friendly. Text each other. Forget that though. Last three months or so. Good right hand again from thrott will produce that wonderful performance to destroy Lucian Bout a year ago. Is he going to do something similar to that here? It would be a long shot really given Kesler's excellent record of durability. You know there have been times when we've criticized F for carrying his left so low. I think that's the reason it's landing. I don't think Kesler sees it coming. Oh, good shot from from terrific start from confidence. and everything he does. He's taking control of it in his first round manage. Few heavy shots there. That right hand which comes from a long long way back. Surprising Kesler was surprised by that in the first like half far away. He could get a good punch there from Kesley though. Well, that was his opening session. Well, they're living every second of this. Listen, you throw that left hook and you'll throw the jab all the time back at you. Don't want him hitting you on the nose. Okay, relax. Okay, settle down now. Yeah, your jab's coming in lovely. But listen, watch him swinging. Don't push it. A terrific opening round for winning the battle of the jabs. They both landed solid shots. No full blooded shots landed in the opening round, but Froch was timing the jab and as I say, bringing up from the from the thigh area. I don't think Kzer was seeing the punch coming. Terrific opening round. Right down to business. We didn't need a scouting mission because they've had 12 rounds of sheer 12 rounds together already. So terrific and a terrific start this time for Carl Fch. Look at that in the first round slamming 16 jabs to one according to the computer print out. Anyway, here's the second round. Fro in the black trunks. Carl the Cobra. he calls himself spent so long in the shadows of Joe Kzagi has now arrived as a major star. Sometimes for boxing skills are a bit underrated. We saw that against Abraham. Well, I think KZA not really dealing with the jab as he would like to do it. He can't slip inside it. So he's having to try and block it then come back with counters but not finding the range. So these tactics are really good from not allowing KZ to set anything up. Another thing you were trying to do here is not stay in the zone too much. Get his punches and then drift off to the side. That's what Robert McCracken and him have been working on so that he doesn't take too much coming back. Let's see if that works. Well, if KZ wants some success, he's going to have to put punches together. He's not winning the battle of the jabs. He's not getting close enough with his own jab. So, he's going to have to let combinations go. Good right hand from Roch is not a one punch knockout artist, but he is very heavyhanded. Ask Bouty, ask Germaine Taylor, who he stopped with 14 seconds to go in a dramatic end to one of his world title fights. There were a lot of punches blocked or slightly out of range in the second round here so far, but his jab is still controlling what's happening. That's the dominant punch in this so far. Then a body shot as well. Kesler has only had 13 rounds of action in the last three years and he was hit by that right hand by the temple as well. Just a bit frustrated the Dane I think early on here. The real speed in Fl's punching there. I think Kesler was stunned by that shot. It caught him high in the head. I think it stunned him. So fores wants to keep nice and calm and see if he can follow up. Flush is after him again here. He's nailed him with a couple. Buzzed him up with that shot as Jim said earlier on. working off the jab and that's working perfectly so far for Carl Frost. Kesler will get out of trouble there, but I think it was more by luck than technique or anything else. Frost has just missed him with another huge right hand. He's troubled. His feet are unsteady. This is a huge round for Fro. Listen to the crowd here as well. Fro's on top early, but don't write off Kesler. He's been a good fighter for too long to maybe not find some answers. But these right hands are landing as well as the jabs and that's a worry for the day. Well, Jim Carro told us, didn't he prefight that he was super sharp in fantastic condition and he was going to put on a huge performance. He said, "I'm ready to explode." He started so fast here. I I think he's a different fighter since the bouty fight. I think he realizes at this level you can't give top class fighters a couple of rounds of a start. So he's right down to work. He doesn't worry about the 12 round distance. But look at the solid jab forward in the right hand. Caught behind it here and that definitely scrambled him for the rest of the round. He didn't quite recover from that. A big round tactics are working beautifully. He's going to get sharp in his got to be first. One two now. Yeah. One, two, jab, jab, right, but you got to stop. Do the one twos. And then they do talk in that corner. Robert McCracken told me in the buildup to the fight, he said, Carl Roch always says to him before the first bout, "What do I do?" Like a little nervous idiosyncrasy. I mean, he knows full well what to do. You've seen it. Here's round three coming up. This much anticipated showdown at a packed O2 Arena. [Applause] Kzler is struggling to get close because of the thrott jab. Even if it doesn't land, it's just breaking the concentration. He can't set his attacks up. Kesler said he came they've got a plan him and Jimmy Jimmy Jimmy Montoya and they thought the plan would end with him knocking out but no sign of that so far and just once or twice his balance hasn't looked that good. Kesler here. [Applause] Well, Forge is the one with the sharpness so far and the jab is working a treat. What we haven't seen is the trademark body shot the right to the body. So, he hasn't been able to get that in the contest yet. He can't get close enough to get body shots off. He's not dealing with with the jab of K. That is the big difference in this fight tonight as Kroch's job is controlling the action. Another punch going in there. It's a little bit of blood around Kesler's face. He walked onto a left hand as well. All going the Englishman's way so far. But one punch from Kesler might just turn the tide. It's that kind of equation that we've got here. But I think Froch is causing Kesler to do things he wouldn't normally do. He's leaping in with these punches. You know, the the silky skills that we're used to seeing problem are not working. He's having to come up with something else and he just cannot deal with the jabbed approach. He's being very clever as well. He's often landing it and then getting away out of range again. Good footwork. That was a big jab from F there. That was solid. That was a jab. He's looking at a little marked up as well. Kesler may be too from eating this. He wants to get the body shot in close range, but at the moment Fro is keeping him away almost in another postal district. I don't think Froch has made a single mistake since the first bell. They're so controlled. The concentration, every move is measured. Terrific stuff from him. Just a bit bamboozled so far. Mal Kessler, the great Dane. [Applause] Putting the combinations together quite sweetly at times as well when the mood takes him. Crotch changing the angle all the time. Another froz round is pulling away. Let's hear what former world champion Richie Woodall is making of it with Ed Robinson. A slow start last time, a very fast start this time from Carl. Yeah, masterclass display at this stage from Carl Roch. It's a battle of the jabs at the moment and Carl is clearly winning it. What's happening with Kesler is he's too far out and he's misjudging that that that pace and also that distance. He's falling short, but the jab is fantastic from now. I want to see bringing the long straight right hand the jab and knees working and throwing it from the hip. It's very difficult to see for Kler. So it's one way traffic now might come forward now. He might he might revert to that toe toe toe at the winning. No, not really cuz he's doing it from the center of the ring and that's why he's got to keep doing it. [Applause] Round four. Thanks, Richie. That's the trademark punch of the fight so far. Here's round four. Crotch in the black trunks. Remember, 35 years of age will be 36 in July. But he somehow seems fresh and still super motivated as if there are another big fight. Some big money right-handed again. He's buzzed up by that Tesla. That shot looked off balance when it landed. It was a good shot, but I think the feet got a little bit tangled, but it doesn't matter. The jabs are solid and Kesler is looking confused. He doesn't know how to deal with it. Whatever Kesler's game plan was coming in, they are not able to make it work so far. So, what does he do about that? What's plan B for Kesler? Well, throwing single punches. He's coming off second best. He's going to have to put them [Applause] together. So, he's going to have to punch as he goes forward. Put threes and four punches out. Single shots are missing and he's been eating the jab. Good job there for Kesler. Just that better upper body movement for him at the moment. Just trying to slip the jab. If he can manage to do that, it would be halfway there to some success. wouldn't mind if this became a bit of a barroom brawl at some point, but it can't become that all the time. Fra is just keeping him at arms length like this. This is better work at the moment from the Kesler. He's getting close now. His upper body movement. He's trying to find ways of dealing with the jab. There he goes. That good left hook there. Good body punch in there, mind you, from as well. Yeah, but there's improvement in Chesler's work. That's more like it from Kessle. That's more like what we were seeing. He is getting that little bit closer. Might this still develop into the slugfest many predicted? Double jab there from Ker. The second one landed. So, he's a fighter who can think his way around things. I think he was shocked the the boxing style that Froch has brought into the fight. He's beginning now to cope with it and deal with it. got got there with a body shot and Kesler a better one. This is a little better from Kesler. It had to improve for him because the rounds were rather draining away from him. [Applause] Well, the Newcastle would not settle for second place. They had to come up with something special and he's trying to do that here. Yeah, good jab again from Kesler. Didn't get there with the left hook. It only hit the arms of Croch whose footwork is good. He's getting out of range quite cleverly at times as well. Kesler slapping punches now that he wasn't doing earlier. Big improvement in Kesler in that round. Oh, what a scene at the Splendid O2 Arena. It's great venue for boxing as it is for many other events. Better from him on your right. That should be the last time to eat you with jabs. Okay. Don't load up. You're loading up. Get the jab on him. Get the jab on him sharply and the one two and then counter him. He's going to keep targeting you here if you hold your feet. Okay. You're right. Okay. Well, Kessle had to improve and he did improve. He found a way to get past the jab. He was slipping. He was doubling up his own jab. Just looking for answers in the last finding. We need a good round behind the jab and the one twos now. Really sharp. Little bit of cruising underneath that left eye. Rising excitement. One or two signs in that fourth round of the block just starting to thicken. Kessle looked like he was at last slipping into some kind of gear. And he's stepping over the job. Now Kler finding the extra couple of inches that's needed. So Froch has been sent out to dominate with the jab again, but it won't be so easy now. Kestle has a warmed in to the task. He's too good a fighter. I was thinking that to let it carry on like that. He was bound to be able to do something about it. And there's a left hook. A good shot from Kesler. And a body punch as well. Different equation now is kind of pawing a little bit with the jab. We want to see the snap. See, he's just pushing that jab out. Now that's not the jab he was throwing in the first couple of rounds. Big job from Kesler. Needs to put more stuff into the jab. Kesler starting to find some answers. And starting with the left hook was a good shot as well. He started this round very well. The WBA champion from Denmark. [Applause] not really ramming home the jab as he was earlier on and out of range with that one. Now the action's just settled down for for a second here. Both trying to come up with something different. the celebr's head. It was a big right hand and this fellow can hit as well. You don't want to be hit by too many of those. Fro d digs deep. He sucked it up so many times. Sometimes you feel these guys are made of metal. There were feelings like that when you saw them fight the first time. Well, I had the feeling that Kesler would have to punch on the way in. He was trying to get close and he started doing that in the last couple of rounds and it's paying off for him. His defense was nice and tight there. Yeah, good upper body movement again from Kesler. Close round this one. Got good speed and it catches fluts to the body as well. Definite signs here of Kesler getting a foothold. [Applause] He is behind early though. [Applause] Crowd engrossed in the drama. I mean, sometimes his attacks look a little bit crude, but they're very effective and he has tremendous physical strength that he brings into the game. He's come back well, hasn't he? for watching the round after Kesler's good start raises the question. Kesler got three hard minutes and three and finishes the round. Kesler with the last [Applause] word. Jimmy Mononttoya working in the corner with Mau Kesler. There's been around 15 world champions, including a man you know very well, Alexis Aguo, the late Alexis Aguo, Salvador Sanchez, Hector Macho Kamacho, and many others. Tony the Tiger Lopez. He's been around the business. Yep. And he certainly fired Kzner up. I mean, we knew Kzner would come back with something. He's too classy a fighter to to let continue what happened in the first couple of rounds. And what he did in that round was terrific. Great response from fro and a half minute spell, but I still think if Kzer had the better of things over the three minutes. Terrific fight. You need Listen, you need good time here. Give your away. Defend the straight shots. Let's go. Sixth round. Definitely put the first three in the bank. You might be able to argue about the fourth. I think Kesler won the fifth. Sixth round coming up here. Back remember Carl Fro the fighting pride of [Applause] Nottingham again just kind of pushing the jab at the start of the the sixth round here. He wants to snap it out the way he was doing earlier. That's good stuff. Putting the punching combinations together as well. He's won that jab battle early on in the fight. Maybe crucially. Oh, that was low. That was well known. Kesler gets booze from the crowd and he'll get as long as he wants to recover from that frog. He could have as much as five minutes if he wanted to. He's unlikely to take anything like that. Well, that really was that wasn't the danger. That was helpful. and a right hand straight away and then a left as well. Kesler took advantage as Flutch just wandered back into action after that little gap in the [Applause] action just struggling to pin him down with that attack. It's absolutely intriguing this, isn't it, Jim? Yeah, this is more intense than their first meeting. It was a lot kind of scouting rounds in the first meeting, but this is Terra [Applause] King. Kesler trying to find a way back. Switching from head to body here. Kesler. Terrific four punch combination from Leane. He does look dangerous, but remember Froch has only ever been down once in his career. Yeah, but so far the quality punches that you remember have come from Kesler in this round. Not much to split them and the amount of punches each man has landed, but real quality powerful shots from Kesler. now catching punches in bunches here and there from Kesler. Mainly the jab still from FR who tries to set up another attack. See Kesler putting the shots together. That's what it has to do. He's struggling to land earlier. He's found the answer. Oh, these are vicious punches from Kesler again. Getting onto the inside a bit more, isn't he? Now starting to get the body attack working. took out Ireland's Brian McGee in three rounds like that in his latest world title fight. Kesler with a body attack. Well, a close round, but I think Kestle landed the better punches in that round. Let's get some more views from Richie Wood. Well, is right back in it, isn't he, Richie? Yeah, he's getting back into it now. What is that doing? His punch on the front foot. I think the pace is affecting Carl a little bit than what it is. Kesler set a good pace in car. We slowed down a little bit and that jab slowed down. That's allowed Ker to counter punch on the front. What's really important for Carr is to get back to that crisp sharp left jab and keep his distance a little bit. Ker's timing is getting better and better cuz he's getting closer and closer. So, Car has got to keep it very very sharp. Car's been pouring with the jab. Yeah. It started off really, really fast, didn't it? But it's slowing down and that's what Kesler needs. Counter is moving into the second half of the contest here. Round seven. This is the 10th consecutive world championship fight that Fra has fought over the last four and a half years. And nearly all of them against top top men. You can have a look at Jim Watts scorecard in a second. [Applause] I've got a level of first three to the fourth was debatable. That was when the Kesler got started to improve. It was a very close tough round to score. That could have gone either way. I gave the KZ the benefit of the doubt have got it level. So for his grip has slackened a little bit on the action. may want to just re-establish himself a little in this round crotch because the momentum in the fight just at the moment might be with [Applause] Kesler. Back to the jab again, not with the same roundro quality he had earlier on, mind you. But these are scoring punches and they're keeping Kesler off balance, preventing him from launching attacks. You see he's out of range there as he tries to leap in with a left hook. Well, I just think Fro need needs a round where he just stops the ro a little bit. Just does not allow Kesler to do anything effectively. This is good stuff. He's nullifying the attacks now. Kesler can't get close. This is a bit more like we were seeing in the first three rounds. Good boxing here from not taking anything. set that right hand might not as you said that bit point taken Jim until then that had been the strong left hook that just sent Castle looking a bit open didn't it kind of forcing his punches a little bit just a little bit cumbersome he's not matching Kesler for sharpness but he's got his show back on the road I feel in this round he's got the jab working again boxing very very smoothly here for in this round dominating it again with the jab back to what we were saying really in rounds one two and three I think he's using the jab more in this round to fend Kesler off and stop him doing anything as opposed to creating damage or causing damage with it so he wants a little bit more snap into it he wants to use it more as a weapon like it was doing earlier just clashing together there's defensive boxing is good as well good stuff Yeah. Yeah. Three punch combination body then head to finish it off. And then another right hand. And Kesler is Yeah. A little bit off balance, wasn't he? There he comes back with a big round. Another left from Fudge. Now this is like what we were watching in the last three rounds in Hearning, Denmark 3 years ago. Another massive right from F. These pouches though somehow just keep bouncing off these guys who are teak tough. Oh, tremendous action in the last 30 seconds. Nobody wants their money back here. That was a terrific round. That's where they both laid up on the table there. Huge punches from both men. But what I did notice was Froch's punches were the ones that had the effect. Kesler's punches bounced off of Froch's jaw. But Kesler was forced onto the defensive when Froch caught him cleanly. So it looks as though the strength and the power is with Froch. So if this fight goes into the trenches round about now as we expected to do, Froch may be the one who's better equipped for that. But that was a terrific round. Best round of the fight by far, especially the last 30 seconds. Somewhere in the middle of a buildup to this fight. Carl Froch his wife Rachel Cordingly gave birth to a second child. Natalia Carl had to dash from a sparring session and got there with about an hour to go. Here we go with round eight of this one. Was good in that seventh, but Kesler's not done with yet. How deep can he dig Kesler if he is flirting with the idea of retirement somewhere soon? is only a question. Oh, good left hook from Fch. Fch is not killing the defense. He's looking at both his hands out there. This is crazy. Great right hand from Kesler there. Very, very quick he is with it. He's always boxed with that left hand low, hasn't he? Fresh right through his career. Hasn't done him too much harm so far, of course. Beautiful bench from front. Picked that out well. And look at Kesler here with a Sheriff Graano. Come on then. He says you want a bit more of it. He has a terrific 10 pound for. And that was a solid left hook he took there. Just walked right through it. Crowd on their feet here now. This is what they expected to see between these two. Oo and ringing around the O2. Well, I think in previous fights, F has saved something for the later rounds. He's not doing it now. Great right hand from him. Starting again with some heavy shots. And the fire a bit. Not a lot coming back. Right, left. Bad moments for the Dane. He looked very slow there. Kesler didn't see the punches coming. didn't get away from them. Big line for Frocher. This continues. He looks in control at the moment. Fro has that body language. Less coming back with the right hand was a great shot from Kesler, mind you. Another little snile of defiance from him. But it has been another Fro this one. Yeah. And what Froand as though the punch missed. Amazing turn he has. Another good right hand. It's dispiritating as well. He wanted to lean on, didn't he, for a moment there and buy a second or two. Kesler is the gas starting to run out a little for him. I think this is the section of the fight that's going to decide who wins this. And at the moment, it's looking like Con F. This is what has been broken in this round. Big right hand from F. Kesler still tries to find something, but this might be the decisive round. But look at Tesla come on strong late in the session. There's demoralizing. Another big right. They both landed. Absolutely spell finding action between these two yet again. He is demoralizing when the other guy is hurting you. They walk right through your best shots. That round may have broken Kesler's heart. He did seem to wilt. There isn't a spare seat. They think Froch has this in control. But I tell you something, Kesler is dangerous. Every second he's left in there, Ian is dangerous, but his punches are bouncing right off. He's landed his best punches in that round. Crotch has taken a much smoother and hurt him every time he lands cleanly. Kesler has massive problems here. He would have to change. He would have to use his boxing skills to live for a victory. And he wouldn't do that. Okay, I want you to move and I want you to move from a distance. [Applause] I think they know they've got a mini crisis in there. The referee went over in between the rounds. Coming up to round nine. This is the period of the fight that predicted he would stop Kesler in around this time. He said 8 9 [Applause] 10. Well tells Kesler has tried to do the way he normally does and it hasn't worked. Futch has come through his best punches. So he's going to have to try something else. He's going to have to be able to outbox Kroch but I don't think he has what needed in the tank to do that. Kessler tries to get his jab going. He is a man of amazing fighting heart. Mau Kesler, he's almost as big a name in Denmark as David Beckham is in England. [Applause] And still that jab is preventing him from setting another good couple of good punches off there. Just wants a little bit more snap in the jab. If he's going to throw it, put a little bit behind it. He put a lot into that last round. From quietish start to this one. But he did look on the edge of maybe breaking Kesler's will a little in that last session. Was it just a bad period for Kesler? Is there more still from him? I think the punches he took were bad enough, but the fact that Fro right through his best shots must have been demoralizing. Well, this is the pace that Kesler wants. It was too hot for him in the previous round. At this kind of pace, he can get his silky skills back into the equation. made to miss there a little embarrassingly but he has been very very sharp tonight and again right hand from Kesler there on the counter's got the pace dropped down and that's what he needed. It was far too hot for him in the previous round. This is clever stuff. So F just wants to start controlling the action and the pace again. Trainer Jimmy Monto wanted a bit more movement from Kesley. He's getting hit a bit too much too often in this fight. Not enough head movement from him. Whatever these two are earning, it's not enough. There's a fusion of spirit between fighters on nights like this almost. They've done this now a couple of times together. You've seen a terrific show of character from Kesler in this round. Looked as though he was on his way out of there. Yeah, that suited Kesler that last round. A little bit quieter. Maybe put a lot into the previous round. He he almost took the round off, but he he might still have nicked it, mind you. There's the computer print out. Croch has landed 193 to Kesler's 107 so far, they say. Yeah. Well, we won't argue with that, but that that was the pace where Kesler could bring in his silky skills. Had time to slit the jab that Fro was throwing and come back, you know, with combinations. Fro miss missing with a lot of punches in that round. Was a close round case for both men, but FR has to raise the tempo again. Put another big dent into Mikuel Kesler. He's capable of it. He's going to have to do it again. Second out, round 10. 10th round of an excited O2 arena in East London. 10th round. Jim scorecard will be revealed to you in a second. There it is. Never have watch Kesler trimmed it back in the previous round but the t suited him so wants to just raise things use his strength and pose impose himself on Kesler now cuz he's the boss. He has the strength to do it and he has plenty left in the tank. Got a little further clear myself. He's in the back trunks. marked up around the face. He's had eye trouble in the past. Kesler careerthreatening eye trouble. Damage to his optic nerve. He wondered if he'd ever fight again. Happily, it healed for him, but it was a huge problem. He was out for 14 months after the first fight between these two. Normal one. Watch not complaining of it. Typical getting the punches off again, but walking around with the left hook again. He walks right through it. That must be breaking Kesler's heart like so many other fighters before. You hit Froch and there is no effect and that is dispiriting for anybody. Mind you, he did it in the first fight and Froch took it all. But Ka still got the decision, didn't he, that night? Well, I think it's always been uphill for Kesler tonight. He's always been chasing this. I have him trimming it tight in my score card at the moment, but he's always been the one chasing it and he's not winning this round. Hint to the inside of the door without the last punch, but it was a flashy combination. Sort of thing the judges like, but back comes left hand from F in the middle of all that as Kesler's tried to stage the rally and that stopped it right at source almost. Every time Crotch lands cleanly, Kesler has to go to the defensive has to stop what he's doing. Crotch's punches the ones that having the impact. Kz are not really troubling in the slightest. And they're scoring punches all this time. [Applause] The Fro just seems capable of taking away from Kesler whenever he chooses. Nice little combination there from Kesler, but not on his heels. Doesn't get too careless about it, [Applause] though. [Applause] Again, the jab setting up the attack for Froch. It's been the key to this whole fight really so far tonight, right from the word go. Well, let's uh join Ed Robinson again with Richie Woodall for further comments. Six minutes of action potentially to do. How are you action? I've still got far a couple couple rounds up to be quite honest, but I think we're reaching the stage of this contest now where psychologically they're both being tested. And there's that great old quote from Muhammad Ali, the will must be greater than the skill. And that's what we're getting to now. The will must be greater than skill and I think Mark Froch is going to step in step. I just think that he looks like he wants it a little bit more than Cer does. I think questions are starting to be asked in his mind in C's mind. and Froch now I'm expecting him now to push on and win this contest over the next two rounds. Of course, home must help. Oh, it's going to be massive. But these next two, three rounds are well for me is going to do it. By the way, the judges are Bird of the United States from Venezuela who judged the Dan Bruno Tim Witherspoon fight back in 1986 and also Jean France of France. They will decide. getting into the home stretch of this now and once Kestler sees the finishing take that might just lift him a little bit you know Jim well is known for a strong finish in his face but I think that the reason for that is that he saves something up he starts slowly and conserves his energy where he hasn't done that tonight he started quickly won the three rounds right off the the reel but he's still looking his legs are looking terrifically strong And he's still bossing the action. There's an arrogance and a strut about him at the moment. This is terrific from [Applause] him. Left hook on the inside from Mal Kessler. Fro's done a lot of his training for this fight with the the young guns up in the Sheffield gym where the successful British amateur team operate. Robert McCracken also associated with them too. [Applause] Nice left hook, wasn't it? From Kesler back. That's a fast hands. Oh, lovely right hand there from Carl Cro. And every time he lands cleanly, Kesler has to stop and think about it. Can't afford to take another one. He looks totally unmarked as well or nearly fro remarkably for a contest of this nature where Kesler's a bit marked up around the face. [Applause] [Music] areas of the modern era in [Applause] there. The flush is fighting in little spots here and there which is sensible cuz this has been a pace all the way through the action has never there's never been a low. What a terrific performance from K. Lovely countering right there from Kesler. It's hurt that bust him up. Ker knows it. follows him with four, five, six punches. Bad moment for that one had an effect. Jim, yeah, you saw the legs actually crossed when they landed, but he's recovered and that's what fitness and a good chin is about recovering. Eye damage as well for cut by the left eye in that attack. Kesler is still a menace in there. Little change in the plot line again. Here's French's answer to all of that. Typical Carl Cro's response. He was winning the round onto that little debacle and he's back on top again. But he was third in that round. It's a good punch to hurt him. Kesler found one. Yeah. Looked as though his legs actually crossed. They didn't quite know where they sp that right hand left on. You can't miss him with a one, two, and a right hand counter. Listen to me. Listen to me. Let's have a real smart round when [Applause] you're the story of the round up to that point. The thought is bossing things again. The bang the punch caught him high. You can see the effect in his face there. We didn't quite see what happened with his legs. The final three minutes of another magnificent contest between Kro and Nick Kesler. They touched gloves. Don't worry, they'll be in contact tomorrow morning texting each other about this. But for three more minutes, it's still a mighty battle between them for [Applause] supremacy. Has got a big finish in him. Told to concentrate all the time. Listen to the crowd here. Thunderous noise reverberating around this arena. [Applause] looked like Crystal was on the brink of going about three rounds ago, but he hasn't. You got to look to me as though his heart has been broken, but we should have known better when you look through this guy's history. They call them warriors and that's what they are. Yeah, it was the eighth round. What looked like the pivotal breakthrough round. Kesler's come back pretty well from that. But my impression is a fresh winning this fight, Jim. Yeah, he's the one. He's staying in there in the exchanges. He's bossing the exchanges. Quality punches and he's landing the big shots that have the effect. He's been able to march straight through everything that Kzer has thrown at him. Does it again. I wonder if is thinking now his boxing brains telling him I might need the knockup here away from home. whether he'll really go for it in the last minute and throw everything but everything at fro I think we'll kind of know that might happen just walked onto the jab there right hand was a good looking shot took that so that up like he has so much else just a little bit more ragged from there but he got over that left hand, didn't he? Right cross as well. Just cover it up for a moment. What a tremendous fight again between these two gladiators. What a show of heart from Mel Kesler there. I mean, he's near exhaustion here. These punches have a far bigger effect than they had earlier in the fight. There was another huge right hand from last round. will finish the quarters. It's grandstand action this inside the last half a minute and they're still at it these two. It is a shoot out now. Thunderous action front ping up big pitches in the closing seconds of the contest. I thought the referee was stepping in there. He looked as though he was stepping in. Was sorry Kez was all over the place there. Huge finish for you could hardly hear the bell at the end of that. It was every bit as good as we thought it would be. I think Kesner was on the verge of being stopped there. Looking at the referee's body language. I thought he was going to step in and stop the fight. Kesler was all over the place. He was taking full bloody punches without reply. But his experience, you know, his survival mode kicked in and he managed to get through it. A terrific performance from start to finish from Cal. I have four points up close up to the halfway stage, but from there on in Cal was magnificent. Yeah, Croch is a handy winner as well. There's your scorecard, Jim. The jab did it really set it all up. But that is only just the beginning of a fascinating story. His mom's in there as well. Rob McCracken, the excellent trainer. What a night. We thought it would [Applause] be a very good night for professional boxing as well. It should be said. And two real sportsmen in there as well. the way they've conducted themselves before the fight from the from the moment the fight was announced. Jim, nearly a well over a thousand punches thrown alone. Nearly a thousand. Yeah, nearly. Yeah. Landed more. Better success rate Kesler. Yeah, because he wasn't throwing as many punches as he was trying to to be more accurate if you like. But what what a terrific battle and I think that Abdroch winning handily and I think the stats fully support that landed over a hundred more head punches. I think it was another case here of fantastic Mr. Froch but we await the decision. He never can. Well, Carl Froch has taken a totally different attitude into fights these days since the bouty fight. He starts at the first bell. He gets the early rounds in the bank and that's what he did tonight. Rounds one, two, and three. He was terrific. Kesler could not cope with the jab. But we're thinking then that it was going to be oneway traffic that maybe Kesler didn't have half of what he used to have. But then rounds four, five, and six, Kesler come back into things. They found the answers. good upper body movement. He was slipping the jabs. He was putting punches together and got himself right back into the fight again. Suddenly, it was Froch was the one who the questions were being asked of. Round seven was the start when he just had to dig in, bite down in the gum shield and just do a little bit more than what Kesler was doing. And the big difference for me in the second half of the fight, Froch landed fullblooded shots, no effect. Sorry, Kesler landed with no effect. Froch. Every time he landed clean, he forced Kesler onto the defensive. But this time, Kesler needed the knock out. And I think he knew it. Throwing everything at Froch. Now, Fro stood firm, took his bumps and come back with better. That was the little took shot from Kesler when you thought maybe he had Froch in trouble, but Froch is in great shape. So, he recover straight away. And then this is where, look, look at the referee here. I thought the referee was actually stepping in. There was no reason to break them up. I think the referee was on the verge of stopping Mel Kesler there. What a result that would have been, but I don't think he needs it. What a result. Anyway, here is the decision now from Michael Ba. Remember, Fro has never lost in Britain. Ladies and gentlemen, we go to the scorecards. A round of applause for champion versus champion. This was boxing and this is the score. Adelaide B 118 to 110. Carlos Tukre 116 to 112. Jaas Tupa 115 to 113. All three judges scored to the winner by unanimous decision. The fighting god of the United Kingdom. Unified Super Middle. Amazing scenes here. The judges had it by eight points on one card, four on the second, only two on the French judges card. And it is a stellar ticker tape night for Carl Price.