Kind: captions Language: en I believe I'm world class. Be anything other than stupid to believe I'm not world class. The fight makes sense. Let's get it on. I want to fight the best. I need to beat you to go on to achieve world honors as well. This is my opportunity to prove all the doubters wrong. You know, lick him up. Lick him up. Maybe he'll be shouting lick him up on the night, but we'll have to see and and see what he uh he has in his locker come fight night. [Music] This is cards on the table. What does this fight mean to me in my career? It means everything. Like every fight, uh it's a big opportunity and coming back off a defeat. Uh the fact that I've been given an opportunity to fight in Manchester again headlining with a Eubank is uh is a big it's a big moment. It's a great domestic fight and I think these are the fights that excite me the most. So uh it means everything and it always will. I think the public have been calling for for big domestic fights like these. You know I think the public have been starved of these type of matchups. So excited to deliver a beautiful fight. Yeah I've said that before. have said it's okay fighting um even world ranked opponents from America that the British fight fans might not have heard of the fact that we've built up our profiles over here domestic fights these are the fights that that I can certainly get me teeth into and get excited for as well I've said I can take Jack Catcher out what do I mean by that what I mean by that is I know that I know what I'm capable of and you know on the night it will show I know that on paper you know it might not make sense But I know what I'm capable of in the ring. I wouldn't want to face off against anybody that was coming sitting in front of me saying, "Well, I'll give it a go. We'll see." Uh the fact that you're for the confidence fills me with confidence that we can go in there, do the job, putting a great fight for everybody. So, I respect that. Is this my hardest fight to date? Who knows? A lot of questions to be asked uh from my side in Harlem. So, uh not a question that I can answer, I guess, until after the fight. Why is now the right time to fight Jack? You're in your prime. You had a slightly lackluster performance last time out, but you know, when you're you're fighting at the the highest level, you know, time and time again, you know, sometimes the performance is going to dip slightly, but you know, we've seen you've taken yourself out to America and we believe we're getting the best version of Jack Catchel and um that is why the time is now because you're you're at your best. rank myself in Harlem world class, good, average, then ask him to do the same. I believe I'm world class. I've yet to achieve capturing a world title. I believe it's coming. Be anything other than stupid to believe I'm not world class. I say he's above average. He's he's fought some domestic fights, guys that I fought quite a few years ago. And you beat I mean, you probably beat him in better style than me. Uh I probably set the blueprint for you. But yeah, I didn't watch your fights against them, but All right, that's fine then. That's fine. But yeah, I say Harlem's a good fighter. You know, I think it's uh it's one of them where it's all to prove you've you know, you should have been undisputed champion and um you know, I've always told you that and that is the type of I did check our DMs before the fight was announced to see what was said. That's it. You know, I'm straight up. You know, if I thought you should have been champion, I know. I respect that. I respect that. I want to fight the best. you know, and we selected you because, you know, I think you're the best and, you know, I need to beat you to go on to achieve world honors as well. See, that that's what excites me for this moment because uh like myself, I've never turned an opportunity uh coming through uh and we're here now. I've never turned on a fight with anybody. So, the fight makes sense. Let's get it on. [Music] Who has the bigger ego? Um, I don't know. I like to think I've not got an ego. I guess everybody's got an ego in some respect. To be in this sport, you need an ego. You know, if you don't have an ego and you're taking yourself to the gym every day to try and be the best fighter in the world, you can't do that without an ego. You know, we have to you have to back yourself. And um, but when I'm going to the gym, I'm on me in the gym. It's it's just work for me. It's work, work, work. I don't I'm not telling everybody about it every day. It's just uh if you're not trying to prove yourself in the sport trying to prove yourself as the best I'm trying to prove that to myself like and I'll show everybody July the 5th, but I'm just doing it for me. Well, you're not going to show everyone on July 5th, but you know, we'll see. Even if you're trying to prove it to yourself, you have to have an ego to to do that. You can't be in this sport without an ego. And um you know, it's your ego that that drives you to be the best. And you know, I want to be the best. Okay, Harlem's got a bigger ego. Let's just That's it. That's that one done. What is this fight my opportunity to do and to prove? This is my opportunity to prove that I will be world champion. You know, Jack is the guy, you know, he is in my way and um he's proven time and time again that he is world class. um this is my opportunity to prove all the doubters wrong and um you know reinforce what I've said that I will be world champion and um and that is not too far away. Who has more chance of becoming a world champion at 147 pounds and why I'm going to say it's me. I believe a victory July the 5th will put me that one step closer. I'm peing now. I know we're the same age. You 31 as well? 31 but I started boxing at at um 22, you know. So yeah. So, so, so you're doing good. You're fresh still. Yeah. Um, I live clean. I look after myself. Uh, and I believe it's my time. I think, you know, I think Jack's had, you know, a lot of opportunity at at world level. I haven't had my opportunity yet, you know, and this is this is my opportunity. So, I plan on taking it with both hands and um, yeah, you know, the the doors been closed to me for a long time and, you know, I've been kicking it down and now is my opportunity to to prove at a world level. Why does Jack need to move up to 147? You know, 147 is the the biggest division in the world right now. This is where all the exciting fights are for me. A lot of the 140 fighters have just gone 147. We don't look past Harlem, but these are the fights that is kind of the carrot for us both dangling, being involved in again more big fights. So, uh we're in the weight division that's uh looking good right now. That's it. We're We're two guys that want to fight the best in the sport and the best in the sport are currently at 147 lbs. How does it feel to lose? I've had the two losses on paper. The first time really sucked because um and I'll say it to the day I die. I won that fight. That being said, we can't live in the past. Uh we live in the moment where we are now. Um the last fight again, it sucked. Um I felt I underperformed. No excuses made. Uh, I congratulated Barbos on his victory and I get back to the gym. I rebuild uh and come for more victories. Who do I think Harlem's dream dream opponent at 147 pounds would be? I'm going to say Devin Haney. Um Deon's a big name in the sport. Uh we're fighting a big name. We know it's big paychecks. Saying that he's not got a world title. So then we could talk about Boot Zenis. Uh unbelievable. And listen, these are the fights that that we all want to be at with with the world titles. That's that's right. Boots is considered the bogey man and um that's the that's the type of guy that, you know, I' I'd like to fight, you know, so want to fight the best and that's why we're in the sport as people. What are our thoughts on each other? Discuss it. Uh I've got nothing against Jack. I respect his achievements um in the sport, you know, who he's faced, what he's done, but none of that phases me. You know, at the end of the day, Jack is he's just a man and he's in my way to world title fights, you know, fights that take me to world championship level. My back's against the wall. I'm coming for a victory to go on and push and become world champion. So, as fighters, this we sit here today, it's uh this is all part of the process. We touch gloves and then it's game on. Can I do an impression of Chris Eubank senior? British boxing royalty. You don't even try and uh and replicate the things that they've achieved or you know it would be all right. I won't disrespect him, but I've got a one raster far, you know, lick him up, lick him up. Maybe he'll be shouting lick him up on the night, but we'll have to see and and see what he uh he has in his locker come fight night. Why is it important to maintain the Eubank supremacy ignited by my cousin Chris recently? It's in our blood. It's what we do. And uh Chris has just showed after 3 years of waiting to dominate. He showed what it's all about. You know, you have to go in there and teach people a lesson. And that's exactly what he did. And and now it's my turn. Give a detailed explanation of how I beat Harlem on July the 5th. I ain't going to sit here and and and lay it on the table in front of him. I'm working on that. We've got another what, four, five, six weeks to to keep preparing. So, I'll keep doing me, you keep doing you. In true Eubank style, tell Jack how I beat him. Parliamentary procedure. This is uh, you know, this is why the event is called the Warrior Code. This is in the DNA. This is what we live by. This is what we live by. I'm going to record it the catal. People don't care about that. It's going to be the c They want to see the warrior code. They want to see the cat. They want to see uh another emphatic victory, another quote unquote step up and another uh dominant display. And um who knows, it could end in devastating fashion. Blast of our life. [Music]