Kind: captions Language: en Today we're going to run, I think, 5 or 6 km. It's 6 km. Don't worry, because it's our turn to go later. Ready. We are in Maviri. Well, it's the path that leads us to Miriri, Miriri beach. We're at the beach. The beach [Music] cool. Ready for the sixth, for the party on the sixth. We usually come here on Saturdays. We run little distances of 10 or 8 km. Today we had six and a loosening exercise to get us ready for midday. Personally, I like the beach, I like the sea, and Maviri beach has everything, it's very beautiful, and yes, it's relaxing to go running and see the scenery. The humidity makes you sweat a lot, and that goes hand in hand with us enjoying the run here. The plan for today is to go train first. We already did the run and then went to train on a normal day of preparation. Then at 6 pm we go to the fair. I don't know how they see it. Ready. Luck. We're leaving right now, we're going to the gym right now. We're here , about 2 minutes away. Cochul Gym. I've been going to the gym with them for 14 years. there at my house. your house. Well, I'm there, suddenly I'm outside and cars are passing by. The street where I live is very busy and cars pass by and people say sugar and greetings. I don't even know who he is, but greetings. Yes, that's cool, but I feel that everything that happened to me during those 14 years of training is something I should value now, because what I'm doing now can be said. I know I still have a long way to go. We're just getting started. God willing, I will make my first defense. [Music] Up. You're leaving. Yes, yes, yes. My goal is primarily to be an idol. So far he has shown a very commercial, very Mexican style, because he has always gone the other way, he already went to Tajikistan and we couldn't leave anything for the judges. The same situation exists in Japan, and we haven't seen Chugar box, but we think he has the tools to be able to do a more stylized boxing, right? But without neglecting their performance, which is to put on a good show. Thank God we are world champions and we maintain and even become champions in different categories, and we set a good example for children, for future generations, and for all people in general. You know, I started training to learn how to defend myself. To learn how to defend myself, and I liked it the first day I started. I've always been very calm, and when I put on the gloves and got into the ring with someone to fight, I liked that adrenaline rush. Well, I really appreciate people being attentive, but we are aware of the commitment we have and we try to put aside the issue of socializing and that, because at the end of the day we have to work and we have to take seriously the commitment we have. I believe that, like everything else, there are boxers who are not disciplined, there are other athletes who are disciplined, and of course it requires a different effort than any ordinary person makes, and even a risk of being in the ring, but it's what we like. I focus on what is my commitment, our commitment, which is the fight. The friend who wants to say hello, thank God, I appreciate him calling me and all that, but we try to keep our cell phones in airplane mode at all times, so that calls don't come in. There will be time for that. I hope you understand. We are working to put on a good show, a good victory for Mexico, and we assure you that this will be no exception. [Applause] His name is Loky. Loki. It's like being in a glove at home. How much does he have with you? He is one year old. 6 months. 6 months. The chipilón. Go ahead . Forward. They are at home. Let's eat. Yes. From the beginning, for example, there were times when, well, sacrifices are still made, sacrifices are made so that a hamburger, hey, we can't eat this, we have to eat. And yes, it also goes hand in hand with me and as a team. Yes, by working as a team. You know, my wife helps me a lot; she's the housewife, he takes care of everything. I do help him with little things like that, with what's our responsibility as men. And suddenly I do like to sweep, I grab the vacuum cleaner and start vacuuming the floor, things like that, but right now she doesn't make sure I'm resting, she understands the time we're in and I do try to rest, I just talk to her, I make conversation so she doesn't get bored , but she knows the time we're in, well, more than anything I'm focused, I think, on supporting him, on always being there for him, to the letter. We have a very structured routine, and sometimes people even get annoyed, wondering how they can be so strict or how they can be so careful about so many things. But these are people who probably don't understand the life we ​​have in here , because there are two of us in this house . Before I go for a run, I always come here and cross myself with it. I place myself in the hands of God, of my brother. And before I go running, before I go to train, and at night I suddenly sit down and pray for him, for him, I ask God for him, that he is well, because I know that he is, and well, it is my little altar where I go and it makes me feel close to him. My brother Luis Fernando. How are you? How are you doing? Hello, good afternoon. Rafa, what a joke, being all alone there with everyone, and what did the players say? Yes, we're going to buy it there for a little while longer. Okay, yes. Ice or ice therapy in general is used to accelerate the body's recovery processes. He explains that when you come into contact with cold water, with the cold in general, the body does internal work, so to speak, to avoid freezing. So what the body does is, "I don't want to freeze up, I'm going to send blood. Deep blood flows. It flows." Well, yes, it's like an extra motivation because of being away and in the opponent's territory, but I do n't see it as extra motivation, because I know that everything is against me, although thank God the judges were very fair, they scored the fight as it was, and Rikishi is a great fighter, but thank God we were able to bring that victory back to Mexico. I'm a very devout believer in God, and He means everything that moves me and inspires me to keep going . Every step I take I dedicate to my brother, I do it for him too. And I know that everything I experience, one day when I'm with him, God willing, I'll have stories to tell him, experiences to share when we're together. That's my faith, that's what keeps me with a lot of faith and hope to return To see him, to be with him again. The Mexican boxer is known for being a warrior and an athlete with many dreams and goals, and above all, a lot of guts.