Kind: captions Language: en She knows the rules. Remember, obey my commands at all times. Defend yourselves at all times. Don't waste time. Touch gloves now. Touch gloves. Bad blood, genuine hatred, contrasting characters, brilliant build-up, high controversy, intense training camps, an awesome atmosphere here. The fans are totally split. The story is like NO OTHER. SENIOR and Nigel can only watch. Chris or Conor LIGHT THE TOUCH PAPER. HERE WE GO. OH, LEFT HOOK. Chris Eubank Eubank looking massive in there. Oh, a short jab again from Eubank. Lovely jab. He looks big, doesn't he, Eubank? He looks huge. And he's got the experience at the higher level. We knew Conor Benn would rip into him. But the right hands and the counter punching of Eubank could be dangerous. That uppercut he's looking for early. He's got to be careful as he throws that lead right hand, Conor Benn. He's really falling over the front foot. He's already thrown a couple of left hooks, Eubank. He's got to stay in the center of that ring there, Eubank. Just keep popping that jab out. Make Benn fall from too far out. That jab from Eubank is looking precise early. And Conor Benn looking wild and woolly. He's got to close the range and get nice and tight to Eubank, but with that he takes risks. Yeah, he's got to change the levels, move that head, target the body first, then work back upstairs. That left hook working a treat. So is the jab so far from Eubank. There's a lot of movement here from from Benn though without any thought behind it. He's trying to be a bit of a puzzle here for Eubank. He's just moving around in a no man's land here. He's got to be more assertive with those movements. It's patient and controlled from Eubank, just like he's been in the build-up. The older man almost looking like that headmaster that he said he would. But Conor Benn comes in with a left HAND AND A RIGHT HOOK AS WELL. CAN HE HIT EUBANK, the bigger man? That's the real question. &gt;&gt; He really needs to try and rough up Eubank when he's inside, Benn. Throw the shots round the side of the head, the body, the arms. Just target everything. He might not be physically strong enough though judging by the size difference here. And also when he throws that left hook he's got to make sure he gets that foot closer because Eubank leans back with his left hook. He's got to lean in as he gets his body out of the way. It'd be better than Benn. Benn bobbing and weaving. But not really getting the angles right at the moment. Eubank just holding the center of the ring. Oh, the right hand. He shakes his head in the final round. That right hand slipped through. Driving the confidence there for Benn. And Benn's still falling too far out. He He landed that right hand. He threw the jab. The jab didn't allow me to allow me TO GET CLOSE. THAT LEFT HOOK IS DANGEROUS WITH EUBANK. One of his best weapons and then an uppercut as well. Look out for that as Benn comes in. Benn trying that left hook himself. Just would be worried there, Eubank, that his hands go. He's got the solid right hand. So I'll stop you halfway through. They had a good round they both. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Got to put it on your face though. Quick. I I like the way you work it, but you don't have to go to it. It's coming to you. Just pick up that big left hand. Who's scoring? Make your hands work again. Joe Gallagher's leading the corner. He's had plenty of trainers, Chris. Ronnie Davies, his father's trainer in the corner as well. Make him fight. Make him miss. When you When [music] you're coming in from that side, he's only going to throw that left hook. Yes, you roll underneath him, come back. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Yeah? All right. Breathe breathe. Come in and help me out. That's good. First round down the way. So that's 10 seconds. Tony Sims, he's been with Conor Benn since the beginning. Trainer Darren, they're so close and he's so crucial for Benn's tactics that he doesn't just go hell for leather. Absolutely. And he's such a calming influence, Tony, in the corner. But I've got to say I've been impressed with the jab of Eubank, a shot that I feel he's neglected in his career in the past. Nice jab from He'll try to double it up. Conor Benn with the jab, the black skirt like outfit. And if you need the identification, the white and red of Chris Eubank Jr., the 35-year-old from Brighton. And Conor Benn from Essex, lovely. From Eubank. But just before that Benn landed a good jab. It was a few seconds before that. You Listen, the quality You don't need to go to him. He'll come to you. But you've still got to take the center of the ring. You're not going to beat him here, Eubank. So everything needs to be off a jab or a faint from Conor. Conor can't afford to jump in with a big wild left hooks or right hands. That just plays into Eubank's hands. Nice jab again from both. Swapping jabs. Eubank with the huge weight advantage in the ring. Remember, Conor Benn a natural welterweight, but he said he doesn't mind a draw. He's going to climb up and take out Eubank, the bigger man, and then go back down to 10 stone 7. A fantasy fight for so long, now reality. Better there from Benn taking the offense when he comes in. But you've got to You've got to work off one of them though. You can't just throw them and not do anything off that. Yeah, definitely. If you get the reaction then you've got to throw. You've got to try and time the jab as well, Benn, cuz Eubank's just I mean he was really sharp in the first round. He was sharp enough to just touch him with it in the second round. That hook from Benn's the better hook Conor in the second round. Chris just trying to get that jab going again. That is a really good weapon when he utilizes it right. George Groves a few feet away. Big Chris Eubank, of course, and Billy Joe Saunders who's here and Liam Smith who's fought earlier. He can be taken out. Conor Benn, remember, has never lost a pro fight. That's a good jab. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a lovely jab and he's trying to slip inside the jab of Eubank and throw his own left hook as well. Oh, just missing with the right there. Back to the body he steps in behind the left hook. Much better round from Conor Benn and a bit of blood from the nose of Eubank whose jab just hasn't had the precision as it did in the opener. He actually did a lot of From my opinion he's a lot better back into the fight than what we're here. He had a good first round and didn't come out punching in this round and it allowed Benn to take the initiative for sure. And he at least At least Benn is a bit wild. He commits to every shot. So when he lands you feel it. Conor Benn as well. We've heard the stories inspiring. Taken apart William Scully and others. Nigel's been telling us all week that you haven't seen how good Conor Benn can be. You have a thumb poking with the right hand, yeah? All right. All right. The jab was good. Use that jab. You're faster than that jab. We can see what's coming at you now. As you move to that side you just throw the left hook, all right? When he throws the left hook you come underneath him, come back with the shots, all right? Yeah? Work that jab up and down. When he's feeling right he's a little bit. All right? When your head When you don't relax with your head. When you don't relax. When you don't relax with your head you don't step in. Step in. Well, a blistering start. I think it's fair to say it's one a piece there. Both exchanging jabs. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Nice shot there from Conor and as Barry said, Eubank just allowed Benn into the fight there. A bit more education before around the shots that he's throwing. And that man there wants him to get behind the jab, his son. Look at the dads watching on as their boys go to war in front of almost 70,000 here at Tottenham Hotspur Stadium, the Ring Magazine's inaugural event. It's Eubank Jr. and Benn. And is it one a piece? Conor Benn I think settled nicely in that second round and he's whipping that right hand. I think he feels he's got the speed in that. He's stepping behind the jab a lot better than here, Eubank, in the second round. That's the thing. You want to throw that jab and use it, but if it's a weak jab it's just a wasted weapon and you're giving opportunities to your opponent. So you've got to step behind that jab. Every time Benn runs into you you've got to make him feel it. Told at a much much higher level, Eubank Jr., as he ships a right hand and again AND CONOR BENN &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; IN THE FIRST MINUTE OF THE THIRD ROUND AND EUBANK felt that. AND THERE WE GO. NOW BENN WILL BELIEVE HE HAS the power TO SHAKE HIS NEMESIS. HE was talking to Ben in the then in the in right in his ear. All right, he's going to come back with the left hook there, Ben. Yeah, you're right at him. He knows now. He knows Conor Benn knows he can hurt the bigger man in Eubank. That was a thunderous left hook. It was a great shot. Speed of the shot, that's what it was. Just accelerating. &gt;&gt; And that's what he's got coming up in weights. Everyone's talking about the bigger guy, but the speed advantage, the agility, seems to be with Conor Benn. He's taking the shots there, Eubank. Losing that weight, that takes away your punch resistance. We know how hard this has been to get down the weight. It's a right hand from Conor Benn as well. And he just seems absolutely in the zone here, Ben. And the mission of thought is he's still losing that weight, especially when he took it back down as well. A draining 48 hours for Chris Eubank Jr. But he took it and he's taken the challenge and they just toppled over. I wonder how strong Eubank's feeling. The legs don't look great to me. But Ben's still using those faints and and working off them. And that's the difference though, there's a tent intensity to those faints. When he jumps in with that left hook, Ben, he needs to follow through with the right hand. He's growing in confidence here, Conor Benn. Oh, the right hand again there from Ben. Eubank needs to let his own right hand go. Yeah, but he's not throwing them, is he? Trying to get that jab wild with the left hook. It just seems like something's gone out of Chris Eubank Jr. It's a big round for Conor Benn here at Tottenham. How about that? And Eubank weary as he goes back to his corner. Is it a mixture of the speed and the weight loss Letting your jab to control the fight. That's all I'm trying to get you to do. Your jab controls the fight. The knockout &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; weekend bundle to mega fights coming your way. Times Square, New York. Ring Magazine presenting Ryan Garcia and Rolly Romero. Powered by Fanmio Fury City of the World. Then the following night, we're off to Riyadh for Canelo putting his undisputed super middleweight crown on the line against William Scull. Buy together or separately, go to dazn.com/boxing to find out more. Conor Benn, who's been sparring with William Scull. And all the reports are that he's looking absolutely terrific. That was a big round for him, Darren. A massive left hook from Conor Benn there. Into the fourth. This is the round that Nigel Benn predicted Conor would be victorious. Eubank Jr. has been saying he will win by a devastating knockout in supreme fashion. He just looks slow to me. Benn in and out. He's smiling Eubank and talking to him in there, goading him. But again, he had a first a good first round, Eubank. But ever since he's just been a little bit tentative to really commit to any sort of combination or or a power shot. When you let his flurry of jabs go like he is, double, triple, then you put the right hand on the end of it. But good work with the left hook from Eubank. Yeah, starting to put the punches together. Nothing on the shots though. Yeah, I mean, let his hands go, that's good. There's nothing really to worry Ben with. Ben missing with that wild right hook, but he's just intent on causing carnage in there, Conor Benn. Eubank Jr. wants to keep it at range. Body shot, back comes Benn. This is great. He's trying to smash him round the side, the left side, almost round the back of Eubank. Conor really fired up. We know they're not the two best middleweights in the world. We know there's no world title on the line, but it doesn't matter. This is about the score. Second from Eubank. Body punch. He can't work off of that. He should be working off that now. Is he conserving energy? Too early in the fight to be doing that, isn't he? As a worry as he is. Eubank, Eubank. Just missed with a couple of them, but that's better from Conor Benn. Saying missed with a couple of jabs upstairs. Needs to target the body with a jab, then he can fire back up with the right hand. Body shot there from Benn as well. Has to get to the shoulder there. Good solid work from Benn. The younger man, remember, he is just 28. Eubank 35. It's a long career. His 38th professional fight. Benn much fresher. Another shot. That was a nice left hook from Benn, but the referee thought he was returning back to boxing. He just jumped in really quick. Short with THE JAB AND WANTS it to another right hand from Conor Benn. Took it though. And he didn't take that well, Eubank. Ooh. It's the ones you can see you can take, it's the ones you can't. That there's those vicious shot, that left hook, he didn't see it. Same thing with Liam Liam Smith. It's the shot he didn't see that had him unraveling. Good work with the jab from Conor Benn. He hasn't just been held to skeleton. He's brought him out. His attacks Eubank comes back AT HIM. MCCASLIN PRIDE. It's all on the line here. He's putting the right hand through the middle, bending his legs to get some leverage on that uppercut as well. And Benn took it well, but it was the standout punch of the round for sure. And again, there's that little lean back, but he throws that left hook. So when Benn jumps in on the distance, Benn Eubank gets there first. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; And then Benn just showing that little acceleration of pace, the speed in the right hand. Catching Eubank with a great shot. He took it well, but a good competitive round that maybe Eubank just edged it though. Did Eubank edge that? Is it two apiece? He's taking every bit of the minute rest. CONOR BENN CAN'T WAIT TO GET on with it. He's grimacing and growling. CONOR, HAVE YOU GOT IT? TWO-TWO. Conor Benn has it. It's so tense, so close. Conor Benn already, I think, doing a better job than a lot of people thought. That's how he's flipped over. And Benn is in the center of the ring entertaining the crowd. Eubank Sr. smiles rightly at ringside. I think people thought Benn was going to have Everyone said Benn early, Eubank late. But I think they thought he was going to have the freshness and guts to be to be in the fight, to be be winning the fight. And he hasn't quite had to do that. And he's he's doing a lot of work, but I think he's still going to pay the time. That's better. He's going well with that. More of Let that right hand go, Eubank. The punch volume is going to come short and allow Benn in in in the with the chance of landing the juice. Body shots from Conor Benn. And I think he's really going to try and tire Eubank out. Maybe the plan is to get him in the later rounds. Most people thought it would be Eubank if it was later by stoppage, but maybe that's the tactics from Tony Sims and the team. Well, I mentioned the punch resistance in to the gym when you're using losing that weight. It's also very, very hurtful and damaging to the body. Unbeaten in 23, Conor Benn. Eubank, who's won 34. Stylish at his best. Good jab there from Eubank. He's leaning back as well. There's an opportunity there though for the right hand for Conor as he stepped forward. He's a little slow as he took the front foot forward, Eubank. He's He's good when he gets the distance right, isn't he, Eubank? Barry. Yeah, but then when he throws that right hand, he didn't For some reason he's not punching through the target. He's just touching with that right hand. Benn looks lively at all times. Eubank trying to dig in a right hand and show his power. 25 knockouts on the record for Chris Eubank Jr. And the natural middle, even super middle. &gt;&gt; Well, I tell you what, he does look a lot smaller in there, Conor, but he's not getting bullied, is he? He took that right hand well as well there, Benn. Good work from Eubank. Benn comes back. Just misses with a body shot. Again, they're talking to each other in there. And Victor Loughlin is sort of letting them get on with it. But the longer Eubank waits to throw punches, the more chances he He's got a better chance of getting another closer and more getting attacked. And he has the speed advantage, especially when he accelerates pushing off that front foot. Body shot from Benn again. Left hook. Eubank just toying with the jab. Yeah, that was That was a good left hook there. He wants to Tony Sims calling for Conor Benn to finish after he throws that right hand with the left Well, Tony said saying he's picking you off with the jab. It's tip for tat at times, isn't it? It's really good this. Yeah, really sharp hands from both. Using that lead hand well. Better work with the right hand. I still feel he's neglecting that shot. Head's coming to get him and he needs to be careful there, but [music] brilliant start to this contest. Marcus Rashford and Declan Rice right behind us. I know Declan's a big Conor Benn fan. And a big smile away from home is Declan. Great guy and a big boxing fan. AND SITTING JUST by Declan is Carl Frampton. Let's try and bring you in. How have you got it? It's a really good fight. Really good fight. Close. And I just have you Benn in front. There was a round there that I thought that that it could have went either way. So, a lot of people may have Benn in front by a round, but it's close. And what Benn's done, he hurt him in a round, I think round two. He knows he can hurt you back down. I think that's important in this fight for him. Both swinging from the hip and having success the pair of them. You have Benn slightly ahead on Carl's card. Others going to have Conor up. Will it even go to the cards? Most people think it won't. And this is why you when when Benn throws the right hand, you've got to finish with the left hook cuz that left hook is a whipping shot. And it's the shot that Eubank doesn't see. And that was the shot that hurt him. And vice versa there. He leaded He led, sorry, with the left hook. Then he could have followed through with the right hand. He's going to go and chip you off. It's a long time he's just tidying things up. There is a rematch clause as well. These two could go at it again. And already we'd probably like that right hand from Conor Benn. Their fathers went twice and their sons are following suit. Eubank trying the upper cut. Just skipped the target there, didn't he? Lucky there, Benn. Dipped into that almost. Well, it's opening up more. It is. Really exchanging in this sixth round. And a couple of that jab of Eubank. Oh, the power of that shot. I'll tell you what, it was a nice right to the body though from Eubank. Yeah, countering shots from Eubank. And again with that jab that Tony Sims is talking about. They're slipping in the cameras. Trying to get their boots in. There's a couple of times that he's just thrown a lazy jab, Eubank, and chin's been a little high. There's an opportunity for Benn to really throw that right hand over the top. Benn landing more on the statistics through five rounds. I wonder how the judges have got it. It's tight. It's close. Both having their successes in there. And looking like a long fight at this stage. &gt;&gt; Yeah, but again, they're both waiting a little bit too long here. I just think that Benn needs to just keep it nice and low. Think he's fainting, fainting, move the head while he's coming forward. Jab from Eubank's good. Benn just walked through it. BACK OF THE HEAD FROM EUBANK trying to get a closer again. He catches the eye of the judges as well, Eubank. He's clever like that. More experienced. Good movement there as well from Eubank. That's nice work that he's having, but he needs to follow through with the right hand. He really does. Lots of opportunities to put that right hand through. Good jab there from Eubank. Back of the head down again there from Eubank. He's been warned a couple of times for that. Few moves rough and tumbling there. Respected that as they clashed together. Let's get the thoughts of Tony Bellew. For me, guys, it's really, really close. I think Conor's ahead. I think he's landed the better and the harder shots of the fight so far. But listen, this is close. I'm surprised with Chris's tactics to meet him in the middle of the ring at this same time of the fight, especially this early on. But it's a fantastic fight so far. But for me, Conor Benn's ahead. All right, boys. I'm looking at your scorecards. You've got got it three a piece. Yeah, very, very close fight. A couple of rounds they they could have gone [music] either way, if I'm honest. Really enjoying this fight. You just can't take your eyes off of it. The jab's really, really good from both men. Just missed him with the left hook there, but done the right thing. Using the momentum just to throw that right hand to the body afterwards, Benn. Most people felt that Conor Benn was going to win it. It was going to be within six rounds. We're going to the second half of this 12-round middleweight contest. Conor Benn up in weight. Chris Eubank drained down to 156 lbs. And Conor Benn starts lively in the seventh. Two good right hands there from Conor Benn to start that round. Well, he's in danger of getting a point taken off. Second time Victor Loughlin has had a word with Eubank. It's really heating up in there. Oh, good shot from right upper cut. And he walks right through it, Conor Benn, showing his chin. Went down for a couple of times to set it pain off early in his career. And you wondered about his punch resistance. But nothing wrong with HIS CHIN THERE, CONOR BENN. I'LL TELL you what, that was a fantastic right upper cut. Missed with his own right hand, Benn, and he let it right into that shot. But as you take says, took it so well. From Eubank starting to get through with some hurtful punches. Just change the angle there, Eubank. Nice little screw shot through the middle. And a nice jab as well. Just put Benn back in his place. And suddenly it's swung more in favor of Eubank. It's fascinating this. Just doing single shots on Eubank. But they're measured, Barry. Yeah, they're good shots, but I think there's a follow up there for him. Just have a if you can make a dent in Benn. Benn's showing he's got a a decent little chin here. Seeking out that upper cut, Eubank. Busier here. He dipped his legs there, Benn. He could have thought that he could have done that shot about 3 seconds, 4 seconds ago. Well, he throws that right hand. BUT HE MISSES IT. BIG SHOT from Eubank. He's getting through with some powerful punches. He's talking to Conor Benn in there as if to say, "COME ON NOW. WE'RE GETTING TO THE MEATY part of the fight." Just standing too tall there, Benn. When he gets to when he's when he's punches coming at you, rather than get low and dip low, he's standing tall still there again. Well, is it this natural weight advantage that is actually favoring Eubank now? The strength. But he's not driving forward, is he? He's not pushing Benn back though. Benn right hand from Eubank. Back goes Benn. Great response from Benn. Super action in the seventh. They were two cracking shots from Eubank and Benn just fired back automatically. How much to the power of them want to win it? One of these is going to wake up tomorrow morning having lost. And they're going to have to live with that. And that more than anything is going to hurt so much. How does the loser sleep at night losing to the bitter rival? He's going to punch him with that one-two now, Eubank. He's got the left hook and he's landing with a couple of shots. And the left to the body after he misses with that right hand or even if he lands, the left to the body is there for Benn. Excellent action in the seventh. They're pretty well matched, these two. Brilliant fight. It really, really is. Eubank's in front though, surely. He is now for me, I think. That's a lovely little one-two there from Eubank. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Something in here that two-punch combination. That's a another two nice little one-two. Just say I think he had the cleaner shots in that little in that round for the most of part. Again, they're turning that right hand. There's a big difference when you just turn the body and get a bit more more purchase, more torque on the shot. What a setting. What a night. And what a competition live on DAZN. Coming up, the FIFA Club World Cup with some of the biggest names in football battling out to become the globe's greatest. Every game, every goal live on DAZN. Tottenham have had a mixed season, but I'll tell you what, they can stage a show. And this is a right fire fest. Advantage Eubank Jr. at the moment. But Conor Benn has come out like a man possessed to turn UP THE HEAT, TO CRANK UP THE It's not a It's a risky tactic cuz you might blow out of steam or or walk into a shot, but I think it might be the right idea for it, you know. But this is where some of the the questions are answered in these later rounds. Will the size of Eubank be too much for Benn, the smaller man? Will that weight affect Eubank down the stretch? Big shots raining in from the pair of them. He's not quite pushing through the target there, Eubank. So, so that's helping Benn a little bit there. He's leaning back on the shots and taking a little bit of the sting out of the punch. Jab from Eubank is good. He's looking polished and authoritative. Conor just looks down at you ringside, Darren. A nice little shot there from Eubank with the left right hand. And he's a brilliant shot from the middle of the ring. The right upper cut there. HERE COMES BENN. SWEATING FROM THE HEAD. Eubank more accurate. AND A RIGHT HAND THERE and he's going to walk onto one. Conor Benn has got to be careful here. That didn't hurt him. You could just see him tired after taking that shot there, Benn. Eubank believing he could just walk through Conor Benn now. See See Chris Eubank Senior applauding the work of Junior. What he can't do Benn is this, go back. He can't retreat. He's got to either spin round the target or move on the body. If he takes a backward step, he's in trouble. Combination from Eubank working head and body. A jab there. And that connected and Conor Benn just looks a bit of a really WORRIED AT THIS STAGE. HE'S TIRED, BENN. It's going to make him look more vulnerable here. And that's on the AI judges got it three up to Eubank Junior. I can't argue with that. Some of the rounds one or two might have gone to Benn. Could be closer on the judges' card, but Eubank is definitely the man with the authority. He's leaning over the front foot. He's leaning over the over the front foot, Eubank. The upper cut is there for Benn. But can he land it? Right upper cut for Benn. SENSATIONAL ACTION IN THE EIGHTH ROUND AND THIS FIGHT LIVING UP TO ALL THE HYPE. A good shot from Benn. That's the shot. That upper cut is there for Benn. He's not walking him back though. He's trying to push that weight in. Body shots. Good shots from Benn. NOW BENN TAKING A backward step. Absolutely fabulous. And the TWO OF THEM ETCHING THEIR NAMES in history just like that, Josh. People on their feet applauding Eubank Junior and Benn delivering. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Senior at ringside, is he going to go round to the corner to get involved? Yep, he's in the corner now. What a firefight in that one. Fantastic. That was one of the scenes that Eubank was having the upper hand there and pushed Benn against the ropes and landed some good shots and then Benn really just digging deep to fire back trying to just match Eubank for intensity. Eubank surely in a big lead now, but Conor Benn is still firing on all cylinders and we're absolutely loving it. This the round where Chris's dad stopped Nigel Benn in that thriller in Birmingham. And now Conor Benn has got A WAR WITH JUNIOR. WHO'S GOT MORE in the tank? Who can hurt the other? It's a little bit of a mistake here. When you're tired, IT'LL BE A MISTAKE. GOOD WORK FROM CONOR BENN. Conor Eubank with the right hand. I had Eubank up, but there was a round that was closer. I was struggling to score it and it could have went to Benn, but I just about gave it to Eubank, but what what Benn has done here is a tremendous gem, an unbelievable gem, and an unbelievable determination to try and win the fight, but I just think the bigger man's having having more success with the match. LOOK AT THIS. DRAMATIC EFFORT HERE from Conor Benn up in white against an experienced, proven middleweight who keeps coming forward and has that extra pop in the punches. YEAH, HE'S GOT TO PUSH forward more and more now, isn't he? Eubank And there's more on the shots of Benn, but Eubank just tip tapping tap tapping tap tapping then whacking. Still hurling hooks head and body, Conor Benn. He's giving it absolutely everything. But Eubank still looking strong. Good work from Benn. Time to celebrate FOR BOTH OF THEM. STOP. RIGHT HAND IN THIS NEC tiny ring which is delivering ONE FOR THE AGES AS A CUT TO EUBANK to add to the drama of the right eye. HE'S GOING TO KEEP WORKING AT THAT AREA NOW, BENN. The left hook followed through with the right hand. It's It's not A GOOD CUT THAT, DARREN. They're going to have to work on that in the corner. Goes for the upper cut, Eubank, but this is Conor Benn. And back comes Eubank. Ferocious stuff here in the ninth round. Look at what it is in this stadium. Incredible. Whatever happens next, we've got an absolute humdinger already. And people complained about this fight. The controversy, but these two have knuckled down and they're giving the fans fantastic He showed some good work there in this round. Eubank, he really has. He really really picked up on a couple of shots when he let his hands go. A good left hook from Benn though. Big left hook to the body, but Eubank still walks through it. And that cut is not good. The eye is bleeding profusely. It's swelling as well, I think. Beautiful work there. Keep working like you're working there. Keep working like you're working there. Your left hand is key to everything. Clash of heads. Accidental. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Yeah, good tempo in the work there from Chris Eubank Junior. There's that the clash of heads there. That's what's caused the cut. You see straight away the blood streaming down the eye. This has changed &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; the sort of the the the pace of the shots. Not everything's heavy from Eubank. He was busier in that round, but you think with Benn he's still loading up with that right hand. You feel there could be one landing. See one land as a cuffing shot with that right hand. Well, we just don't want this to stop. Brilliant entertainment as the two lock horns again. He's going to keep his hands at Benn's when he throws that left hook, Benn. He's got to keep that right hand to the chin. When he throws that right hand, that left hand to the chin. Right hands from Eubank. DOES HE JUST FEEL THE stronger in there, the more mature, the naturally heavier and bigger man? Conor Benn still trying to work for the body. &gt;&gt; And and that's the shot we've called him for, the left hook to the body after the right hand. Power punches thrown and exchanged. A penny for the thoughts of the three judges. What a lot of people were saying to me at the weigh-in, the fans, that Eubank would win this on points. Benn comes back at him. Eubank just holds on for a moment. He's showing a good engine here, Eubank. He really has. You He's so much of his career he just ticked his shots when he let his punches go. And he's pushing pushing combinations, but that was just busy busy. &gt;&gt; Good body shot from Benn. And again, Eubank comes back. AND THEY OPEN UP AND TRADE AND THE fans love it when they do that. The grit, the heart, the determination from both. So impressive. Benn just commits to every shot. You've got to pay for that. He can't match Eubank for bravery, but he just every punch he throws he just gives everything he's got. Eubank's just been chipping away. He's had great wins in the past like that picture over James DeGale. A bit low from Conor Benn there. But he's targeting that body. He wants Eubank to feel that rehydration and he cannot miss with that left to the body. GOOD SHOTS FROM CONOR BENN HERE. EUBANK FELT THAT. A MINUTE LEFT IN THE TENTH. AND have we got drama here from the fists of Conor Benn? An amazing left hook there from Eubank Junior. I don't think he's as hurt as you guys think. I just think he's exhausted here, but How TIRED IS HE? NO KNOCKDOWNS YET in this dust-up. Surely something has to give. He's put so much into that, Benn, and what he showed. They've put so much into their training camps and they want this so badly. It's thrilling. And what you've got to tip his legs to the right hand over the top there for Ben. You want to jab to the body then with that right hand over the top. That could work on Ben. Head body shot from Eubank. He's got this. Punches home towards the end OF THE ROUND. CATCHING the judges' eye. Power from Eubank but a good round as well from Ben. And now a fantastic 3 minutes. Stepping back he's falling in. Marquez on the step back. On the step back. Bringing the shots up and into him. He's falling in there trying to use his weight on Logan and punching Eubank. What another fantastic round there. Just full of effort from both. That's all you can ask for when you get to a certain stage of a fight when you're just exhausted. All you're asking for is effort. Lose them as it takes me. [music] Eubank there leaning with that front foot. Took a few shots. I don't think he was that hurt. Just think he was tired. Off balance a little bit. But Ben made took advantage of that. Landed some really good shots and then Eubank at the end of the round fighting back and the dance on the end of their seats. Living hell for the fathers. There's the Warrens. Ben Shalom. Baz Ben Shalom's right out. He's trying to find the scores of how everyone's seeing it at ringside. George Groves has it level. Carl Frampton has it one up to Eubank. Darren's trying to work out his card. I mean you can't take your EYES OFF THE ACTION. No and there's a lot of rounds out of that. There was. Who's throwing the harder shots? Who's being the busier? But all you got to do is see your best I think it and both OF THEM HAVE. COULD WE BE HEADING FOR A CONTROVERSIAL draw like at Old Trafford? And you were on that card. I was. Oh lovely left hook there from Eubank. The power shots from Eubank. The work rate from Conor Benn. He's working nicely on the inside there. Just shortening up the shots. Ben just stabbing the the shots into the body. Getting round the elbows as well of Eubank Jr. Eubank talking to him in there. He's actually on He's got to be careful there Ben. Really lovely from Chris Eubank Jr. Showing his class and a beautiful jab. Just creating a bit of space helps him doesn't it? It does. And it makes him look really authoritative in there. Eubank Jr. And a right hand. This is good from Chris Eubank. He's going to close down and push Ben back there and stand up. He's just going to push that up against that and the same effect as it as it should have. Trying to free his arms Conor Benn. Who's got more in the tank at this stage? Oh the body shot there from Ben but look at Eubank fighting back. Is it Eubank ahead by four on the judge's card? Has Eubank by a couple. I've got Eubank up. But Conor Benn's well to win but Eubank driving forward now. WHAT AN IMPRESSIVE THIS ONE of those you're going to walk ONTO A SHOT IF YOU CAN SEE IT. It's more from Eubank Barry. He's being THE BUSIER WINNING THE ROUNDS AGAIN I THINK HERE BUT I mean you can just see one of them just walk onto a shot. All it takes is one of them just a different throw with a bit more weight. Eubank looks up at the at the time of the round. It's the experience. I'm absolutely flown by this fight. Do you know what? The 10th round flew by for a completely different reason. Great boxing at its absolute finest. This has flown by because it's been beautiful and challenging and savage. Look at that Ben. Lovely body shot by Ben there and a fantastic combination back from Eubank. 10 seconds left in the final round. Look at the drama. The crowd absolutely engaged and getting every penny's worth from these two. That's incredible. I'll tell you what there's a cracking right hand to finish that round there from Ben. They're not stopping it. What a fight. What an incredible fight. I mean remarkable heart and desire will to win from both fighters. The shots there just stepping in with big hooks and taking them. Ben. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Can he find something in this final round? Can he land one of those big overhand rights? Nigel Benn. A penny for his thoughts. Chris Eubank Jr. Sworn sophisticated. Believes his boy is going to get this. Final round of what's been a fight and a night to remember here at TOTTENHAM HOTSPUR. AND A FIGHT gentlemen we would see again. Ah it's been epic. It really has. What a fight between two warriors you have to say. They've left it all on the line. And good work from both. He's hurt with the left there Ben. Eubank's power coming THROUGH AGAIN. BEN HOLDS ON. THAT'S BETTER FROM BEN. YOU CAN'T use your leverage on the punches off the ropes there for Ben. THE DETERMINATION OF CONOR BENN has been exemplary but the punches of Chris Eubank have been heavy. And this weight difference has started just to come into it. And Conor Benn's TAKING A RIGHT HAND. WHAT A CHEEKY SHOWING RIGHT UP HERE IN FRONT OF US. IT'S NON-STOP. They've done the right thing there. Grabbed hold of Eubank as he was holding that right hand. See if Eubank had just stepped back a little bit they'd have more range on the shots. They're going to be much more conclusive for him. Benn's going to go for it for broke. Is there a late twist? The way these two have been committed to their shots certainly Ben. I wouldn't be shocked if someone wants to run again. &gt;&gt; [applause] &gt;&gt; They're just swinging. Hooks, body shots, head shots. The volume in the last few rounds HAS BEEN INTENSE. BENN AND EUBANK EXCHANGING IT AGAIN AND IT'S EUBANK NOW AND CONOR BENN'S GOT A HOLD. HE'S ALL RIGHT. He's your keeper. He's just tired there. He took the shots but he took it really well. I think he's very tired Barry and Eubank coming on the bounce. AND THERE IS STOPPAGE HERE BUT BEN desperately trying to fight back. And this is extraordinary. He's running on empty. This is unbelievable stuff. Oh Conor Benn comes back with a shot. 30 seconds left. He's excellent on his feet. Everyone at ringside are going to be in a short moment. What an explosive fight of non-stop thrilling action. Wow what a CHANCE TO THE STOPPAGE. BEN HANGING ON. 30 TO GO. AND THIS IS WHAT FAMILY PRIDE IS. This is boxing here. You've got to promote yourself here. And an angel with that empty swinging. Inside the last 15 seconds. No one wants this to stop. It's going to happen. Left hand to the body from Conor Benn. There's going to be everyone on their feet in this Tottenham Hotspur stadium APPLAUDING THE BRAVERY, THE SAVAGERY, the intensity of Eubank Jr. AND CONOR BENN. EUBANK JR. CELEBRATED. Benn puts his hands up. They can both take a bow. It was a fight for the night for the ages. For me it's Eubank Jr. But let's hear it again. Remarkable. That was epic from start to finish. Better than most would have expected. Incredible battle between two warriors. Sign me up again. Oh I definitely that will happen again though. After that fight the way that fight was to and fro and the quality the fantastic quality and the just the overload the commitment and there's literally just no disregard for your own safety for the way they were swinging punches in. It was fantastic. Conor Benn talking to Chris Eubank Jr. As Nigel is going to go over. Awesome picture. Look at these pictures. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; And you know what? They're fighting men and they'll do it all over again. The heart of a lion both of them. Incredible scenes. Oh I mean this is this is hard to see all of this. Do you know do you know the thing? They they gave us what we wanted. We wanted high octane 100 miles an hour. Risk of the They just went for it. They went for it from the first start. They just both went for it. The highest octane you could see. Well done Conor Benn. Well done Chris Eubank Jr. Conor Benn's carried out at ringside. He wants to see Gordon Ramsey. Well, he's a happy man and he should be a happy man. We don't know how the judges have got it. It wasn't the most technical affair we've ever seen, but it was better for that. It was better that we didn't see that. It wasn't a world title fight. It was two really good fighters and it blended beautifully. &gt;&gt; And you Sorry, and you could tell by the way they were fighting, they were fighting more than for themselves. Let's find out. Ladies and gentlemen, we go to the scorecards after 12 rounds. All three judges scored the same, 116 112. The winner by unanimous decision, CHRIS EUBANK THE JUNIOR. THE PROCEDURE was indeed parliamentary. Chris Eubank Junior, together with Senior, but Conor Benn should stand tall tonight and tomorrow morning he should wake up a very proud man. The two of them did everything in there. Chris Eubank Junior there with his Excellency and Senior here for the night, which really completed the picture. The awesome foursome, the two older warriors, the two young warriors. Let's hear from Chris with Jamie. Chris Eubank Junior, we are live on DAZN. Chris, congratulations. Two words and those two words are Eubank supremacy. Tell the world what this means to you right now. It's uh Yes. First of all, we thank the one above. Um I knew I was capable of that. I just needed someone to bring me someone to bring me out. Bring that out of me. And I'm not going to lie, I didn't expect that he'd be the guy to do that. But the fact that uh our fathers did what they did all those years ago, it brings out a different soul, a different spirit into you. And uh that's what we both showed here tonight. What do you believe won you the fight tonight, Chris, through those 12 rounds? I pushed through. Um You know, um uh there's a lot of things I've been going on in my life, but I'm not going to go I'm not going to get into it right now, but um you know, I'm happy to have this man back with me. And uh we've up we've upheld the family name like we said we were going to do. And uh yeah, onwards and upwards. We weren't sure if we'd seen your father here tonight. Uh how much of a lift did it give you on a night like this? A lot. A lot. It was one of those things that was um special. It's special. He needed to be here. All of this is because of what he did. And uh we just did it again, baby. Although you said the procedure would be parliamentary, you also said it was impossible for it to go 12 rounds. Was there anything that surprised you in there tonight coming back from Conor Benn? &gt;&gt; Everything surprised me. I didn't know he had what he had in him. I really didn't. I thought I would break him early. Uh I I I underestimated him. You know, I didn't train for a fight like that. You know, I didn't know he had that in him. He's never shown that. But then again, he's never had to show it. He had to show it tonight. And so did I. Uh hang tight, Chris, cuz we are going to come back to you, of course. I do want to grab a word with your father. Chris, how special was that? As I said to Chris, we weren't sure if we would see you tonight, but my obvious question is how proud are you of your son watching that from ringside? &gt;&gt; Listen, listen. I mean, he couldn't move around the ring and so he had to stand toe-to-toe. I mean, that is legendary behavior in the ring. Legendary. And this Conor Benn, as I said, Conor Benn is an extraordinary fighter. You know, he's gone pear-shaped somewhere, but an extraordinary fighter. And uh and he showed that here tonight. He wanted to tear and I thought he would blow out in maybe four or five rounds. He's going He's going He's He's going strong. He's going strong right the way through the fight. I am so proud of him. That is uh that's my son. That's right. That's why I'm here. I was always going to be here. That's right. Rastafari. Fantastic. Thank you very much, Mr. Eubank. A pleasure to speak to you. We're going to make our way over the ring and we're going to try and speak to Conor Benn, who is here. Conor, we are live. We're live on DAZN. Conor, an incredible fight, an incredible effort. Everything left in this ring at Tottenham Hotspur tonight. Can you tell us what's going through your mind and perhaps in terms of the game plan, what didn't quite go to plan? I don't know. I mean, maybe 14 months out of the ring played a factor. I hardly say that. That'd be the only thing. Just maybe maybe inactivity, but apart from that, yeah, I felt like it was a close fight. I'm not going to go, yeah, I think I won it and all that. I've got to watch it back. Um I know it was close. Um you know, I stayed on the ropes maybe a bit too long. He worked harder towards the end. I'm going to have to watch it back, man, but I enjoyed it and a massive thank you to all my supporters who come out. Um some homecoming. Chris said you surprised him. He didn't think you had that in you here tonight. Has your opinion of him changed after 12 rounds like that? Yeah, listen, we always knew Chris is a is a good fighter. Um you know, the fighting talk is fighting talk. He's a good fighter. Um I believe I can fight at 160. You know, if we don't do the rematch, which I'd love to avenge that loss, come back down to 147 and win the WBC world title. See if I marry your Barrios or the rematch with Eubank, whichever whichever happens next, you know, I'll be content with. I'll say, Conor, commiserations, but congratulations on a fantastic fight and an incredible show. It takes two to make a fight like this. Nigel, immediate thoughts on your son's efforts in this ring tonight. That was incredible. &gt;&gt; I thought he'd done really well. You know, if um he learned a lot from this. He'll come back stronger. You know, like he was working too much on the on the ropes. Should have been off the ropes. But I'm not taking that away from Chris. It's his night. We can handle defeat gracefully, you know what I mean? You know, we go back to the drawing board, you know, where we went wrong. So, that's it, you know? Nigel, thanks very much for speaking to us. Promoter Eddie Hearn is here as well. We'll try and grab a word with everyone we can. Eddie, what a fight first of all from ringside? Your immediate verdict? &gt;&gt; Unbelievable. I mean, I couldn't split them at the end. I thought Conor Benn was winning the fight. I thought he lost the last two rounds and I couldn't split them. 116-112 three times. I'm not going to You've seen me moan before about scores. It is what it is, but I don't see Chris Eubank winning that fight by four rounds at all, but forget that. Just unbelievable respect for both men. I could not be prouder of Conor Benn for what he's been through and the heart that he showed in the ring tonight. You know, Nigel Benn was the people's champion. Tonight Conor Benn become the people's champion. He rose up from 147 lb to fight a middleweight in there. He took the kitchen sink. He never stopped trying to win the fight and that's what the public love to see. Someone that to the final bell does not stop throwing punches and trying to win. A little bit of inactivity, a little bit of inexperience, but I could not be prouder of Conor Benn. Tonight I believe he won the entire hearts of the country and everybody that tuned in. I thought he could have won the fight. Razor thin. We'll see what happens. Look, Conor Benn is a 147-pounder. He can win world titles down there. We'll see if he'll do the rematch or not at 160. He'll want to do it. It was one of the best fights, one of the most dramatic fights I've seen. Big respect to Chris Eubank Junior and Conor Benn. Two great examples. A sport built out of respect and those two warriors should respect each other after that. I could not be prouder of Conor Benn. Absolutely. Thank you, Eddie. What a stage. What a fight. Back to you guys. Jamie Jamie, thank you. Chris Eubank Junior victorious, but Conor Benn stands tall in defeat. 12 rounds of well, phenomenal action. We could have seen more of it because the final round was just unbelievable, wasn't it, guys? It was it was like the icing on an amazing cake. &gt;&gt; Ah, they they can be so proud of themselves. You know, Eubank Jr. in victory, but Benn in defeat, what a warrior. What an absolute warrior, and he will come back again, that's for sure. Yeah, there's there's a time next week to worry about what he did wrong technically here, technically there. All you can ask from your fighter is they give 100 100% and they give beyond that. And so, you're going to be proud of your fighter. He did But the winner and the loser, they did their best. They did everything they could give. They left no stone unturned. They they walked off They could barely walk out the ring. That's all you ask for. It was a It was a really enthralling fight because of that. They shared their souls in there as sons of the fathers before who'd given us such classic fights. That first one in Birmingham and then the draw at Old Trafford. The stadium setting tonight with the atmosphere and the drive and senior here and look at that reaction. But it was boxing that won tonight. It was two warriors that will go down for the fans. And let's have another one. A brilliant brilliant fight and you can feel for Conor. But I'll tell you what, tomorrow morning he should stand tall. Eubank wins, but Conor Benn wins the hearts, as Eddie said. Back to you, Josh.