Kind: captions Language: en Tremendous atmosphere here at the O2 prize of Eubank Eubank. And let's see if all the talking O Sullivan has done as plays on the emotion of Eubank because Eubank is better off boxing a small fight and not punching trading with the puncher. Let's see now. Well, you're absolutely right, Pauly, because Sullivan has certainly been setting out to try and get under Eubank's skin as much as he possibly can. I think it's a good plan because you you don't you you don't you can't match skills with Eubank. So he wanted to stand there and trade with you and give you a chance to win. So let's see what happens. [Applause] Certainly the feeling is around the business that OS Sullivan's best chance indeed his only chance is the big one punch knockout. He's putting the forehead in there already. So I think the referee will be on his case of Sullivan. He is he's rough in every fight he's ever had. He I don't expect he's gone in with a 12 round plan. He's been looking for a knockout. I don't know if he expects a point victory. So, it's up to you to be nice and KJ. Yeah, very nice combination. I know S will pay the price for keeping his hands as low as he is at the moment. We've seen him do that before. Gets away with it against lesser opponents and that's just sparked him into life here with the jab and then engaging very quickly, tying his man up. [Applause] As the fight progresses, Eubank continues to establish his jab while Sullivan's going to have to find creative ways of engaging Eubank besides just putting his hands down. He's going to have to actually put some super carefully. He's kind of pulling his head back as he's throwing the jab. I think he's a little bit wary of the power, you know. He's not committing himself to the jab. He's going to have to be careful. You're going to throw a punch. You want to commit yourself to it. I think right now he's just a feeling out process in the first round. I would expect him to start committing as progress as he starts to get pulling back a little bit, Paul. You know, as he's throwing the jab, he was kind of pulling his head back a little bit. He knows he knows what's coming back. A swirl of blood around the nose of Sullivan has done his usual trick of just dropping hands and inviting the opponent to come and have a go. Eubank has gratefully accepted inside is accepting these clinches from Eubank. Eubank's working and then it, you know, he'll smother and and clinch it. It's up to Sullivan to not accept the clinch cuz that's his time to work. Sullivan lands a left hand and then does a bit of sboating because it looked like Eubank did not react well to that at all. Sullivan will think, "Yeah, I can hurt you with that left." Tried it again. missed by a mile, but there was a definite reaction there from Eubank when that first left landed. Yeah, I'm not sure if it was just shock that it landed or if it really he felt it. I'm not sure. He's carrying his hands a little bit low. New bank. Some fighters like to do that. So, they get a good view of what's coming. I think against a unorthodox style of fighter, it's dangerous. You don't know where they're coming from. trying to impress Chris. Dave Coldwell is also working in the corner. Fresh off his success of guiding Toby Bellow to the European Cruiserweight title. Round two then between Chris Eubank Jr. the next generation and spike O Sullivan. Nice double jab from O Sullivan there. Heavy jab from O Sullivan. And that's the old saying, you know, you don't hook with a hooker, but you can jab with a jabber. So, you know, O Sullivan, if I'm him, you know, I'd be trying to jab with you back and see if I can put him out of position. Now back land a couple of solid shots there. Good body shot. Uppercut ripping in. I mean Sullivan is fairly controlled. You know he's not doing anything really wild so far. No reason to do that in the early stages but he's quite controlled and he's trying to defend the openings but this is ripping through with these uppercuts here. Eubank is going for the finish here in round two. with another couple of uppercuts. How many more he's going to take? New unloading here in round two. Terrific. He's pouring it on now. Slips over himself. How did O Sullivan survive that onslaught chin or something? What a chin he's got. You can't take much more of that. Surely though Sullivan getting on the end of all these uppercuts. Still Eubanks slamming him through the guard. Oh, Sullivan with a little glance at his corner there. as it to say I'm okay. Some of those shots had a lot of weight on them. He got caught again. Eubank's legs are wobbling now. And Sullivan's hurting with that left hand again. And this is why you got to stick to a certain game plan if you're Eubank. Well, Sullivan's easy to hit, but he's dangerous. These two are just rolling the dice. This could go either way. Well, sometimes there's good policy taking it to the puncher. Get him onto his heels. Don't let him get the leverage. And that's what Eubank has done there. He was worried about the 12 round distance against Saunders Bank, but he's not worried about it here. I don't think he believes this needs to go 12 rounds. He can't miss with his uppercuts, can he? Just tearing them through. Eubank is loading up a lot though. He should get back on that jab. Stay smart. Wonder how many of these uppercuts he's going to take. Solomon misses badly himself. What a round this is big. Well, Sullivan is tough. He's feeling the effects of that, but he was badly hurt. These uppercuts are terrific. No wonder is back going to be one class. Wasn't too much wrong with that buster punch as we saw earlier. He still takes the old left hook though, Eubank. And we know Sullivan does connect with that left hook. You get the sense Eubank feels it. Great double back hands there from Eubank, but he's not caught again with the counter. That's the thing. You don't want to hook with that hooker. Well, someone's only chances if you bet does this. So, you bet has to be smart. He's not being smart. He might rip through, but he is leaving himself open when he does attack. It's entertaining for the fans, but you know, you're giving Osman the only chance he has to win the fight. Is it your advantage? Round three. Tell you what, Billy Joe Saunders is sitting somewhere watching this going, "Who are those two guys? I never saw them in my fight." Round three of what is scheduled for 12 rounds. Many more rounds like that that can't possibly go the distance. Solomon needs to get back to that jab he started the last round with. Can't hurt the jab with the jabber. Continuing to land these uppercuts and Solomon continuing to land the heavy left hooks. Of course, next week gets his shot at world glory against Andy Lee. A stablemate of Chris Bank, the current WO champion holding him in there. He's doing silly things. Every time lands it, Eubank feels it. Eubank is doing silly things. He's putting a show on a little bit like he's really unloading here. You have to know your you have to know your exit out of the pocket. You can't stay in there too long. You bet loves these wonderful combinations, but he stays in there too long for the return. Yeah. And his hands are too low as well. When you throw combinations, you have to have that sense of the exit as well when it's time to leave the pocket. Again, another big swinging right hand. You guys can talk technique all night. What I'm seeing here is Sullivan is dragging Chris Eubank into the fight. He wants into the wrong kind of fight. Exactly. Eubank quite happy to grab up close. I'm I'm just worried that Eubank is going to blow himself out. He's putting turn into every shot. Sullivan has not thrown quite so many. This has been a big round for Sullivan. Solomon looking to measure Eubank up who this time does decide to go and take the clinch. Chris Eubank Jr. is not boxing like an Adam Booth trained fighter. You notice he's staying in the pocket for one or two punches too many. and he and he and and for that reason the return comes from Sullivan to Sullivan can't seem to miss making so many basic mistakes you know right now it's early in the fight Sullivan still has plenty of energy you want to be hitting him with twos and threes not fours and fives those extra couple of punches you're keeping the pocket too long for a Sullivan's return right there from New Solomon who we know crudder. Anyway, the swinging and missing too. It was a little bit sharper there for me right handed at the end of that exchange. Slow this tempo down back on his jab. He just control the tempo with his jab instead of turning his power shots. He just wants to go to war with him on it. There was a little bit of backjack going on in there. I think he just wants to stand toe to toe with him and macho him out. Absolutely. I think so too. And that's probably where the emotion plays into all this trash talk on O Sullivan is working. The pre-fight trash talk. You never want to be fighting the other guys fight. And that's what he's doing. He's the one with the skill. And if this continues, he's the one with the advantage. And also about that showboating. Gain control of the fight first. When you're fighting a dangerous puncher like O Sullivan, you don't want to come out just clowning around. Gain control of the fight first. Then if you want to showboat later on, if you have control, go ahead. Too early. Too early. He's just got to stay focused these early rounds. It would only work against a fighter who doesn't have much self-confidence as well. And that's one thing that Sullivan has. This is better and sharper now. This from Eubank. A good body shot there from New. See, I think Sullivan just wants to make Eubank work every second of the rounds and hope that the pace slows enough for him to be effective. Exactly, Jim. And that's why Eubank has to use his jab to control that pace and slow the pace down. with a warning at the moment. Eubank telling off for hitting low. He's certainly attacking the body more in this fourth round than he has in previous rounds. Eubank still looking those big lovely patch from Eubank. I think some of his punches are looking a little bit slower at the moment. Either that or new banks are judging the range [Applause] better. This is much better from like Chris if Chris wants to knock him out every time he hits him. Yeah, I think it's the matching thing. Seen a lot of bad feeling over the last while, you know, between the two of them on the social media. So, I I think just wants to make a statement. They don't want a point. They don't want to do it safely. He wants to do it the match away and he's doing that. You know what? He should be really just trying to outclass Sullivan at first and then set up just but you see that's the thing. You see he threw that nice combination then he stood there for O Sullivan to return. Throw that combination and step back to the middle of the ring. Just get right just turn it right here. He should be spinning in that clinch and walking back to the middle of the ring so that he he doesn't have the ropes in his back. Yep. I was just about to say what he's doing is pretty brilliant. I mean, this is terrific. Everybody is loving this. He is having a good round. He really is. But he's having trouble with his breathing, guys. I'm sure you can see that. I think that nose is bothering him. Yeah, got hit with a good shadow. Yeah, the trouble is you have to breathe. You have to breathe with your mouth open if the nose is going and that might be a problem for him. He's certainly laboring with his breathing. Know swarming all over him. But this has been a better round for you, but he's working so hard. The pace, this is the problem. It's a four round fight. The pace is going to work against you. We'll find out later on. This is okay if you're knocking as much out of the other guy as you're knocking out of yourself. That's a big question, Paulie. Is he doing too much? Too many power. He's well won the round. You know, some fighters would just say that'll coast the rest of the way. I've done more than enough to win it. No, but he still wants to knock him out of there. fighting off the emotions. Sometimes it works. For Sullivan, so he's doing it the hard way. He's making a good job of it. Four really good rounds, but Eubank showing some real touches of genuine class in the last couple of rounds. O'Sullivan showing a ton of heart and grit. Solivan's got to get back to using his own jab. I mean, you can you can jab with him, man, if you're a Solomon. Now he's just trying to walk in with no jab. You know, Svin's got to at least use that jam to set up his own power in some ways. At least offset Eubank in a way. You know, he's just wondered the fact that he can't match the skills of Eubank. He's just going to have to do unsharer power. Oh, of course. But yeah, that heavy jab. There it is right there to to the stomach. That heavy jab. It doesn't take a lot of skill to step down with that heavy jab. If you're Sullivan, you know, it's about positioning sometimes. He may put Eubank out of position. Eubank pacing as well. better than he has on the early ones and then picking some beautiful shots again that uppercut and he just cannot miss it. I love the combination punching just going to have to be tough to take what he's taken and still have stuff in the attack because these powerful punches knock the energy out of you. Oh, the hand speed is blinding at times to do that. It really is terrific accuracy. I think Sullivan just wants to make him work every second. He's prepared to take his box to achieve that. A good shot. That's [Applause] again left off the punch there. Solomon Solomon just plowing his way through it, grips on his teeth. Breathing with his mouth open. You guys mentioned last round. Yeah. [Applause] And so Sullivan, you feel, is the guy that needs to find another gear if he can make this pace too hot for Eubank. At the moment, Eubank is setting that pace, going into high gear when he feels like it, and then just slowing down again. And Sullivan not challenging him. Well, Sullivan's doing any punching. He's been taking far too long to get the punches off. They're not even counters. He's moving in as though he's attacking, but I mean, he's not throwing any punches. Taking too long to get the punches off. I don't think O Sullivan plans on winning this fight on point three. It looks like he's trying to muscle his way in and try to land that big shot. I think he's just trying to empty the tank of Eubank and he's doing it with his toughness. Y and if you keep throwing all these power shots, I mean, he is going to have these 10 has to figure out a way to control the pace a little bit just with his jab so he can re-energize and reoxygenate a little bit. And as I said before, when you've done enough to win the round, take a breather. Exactly. Oh, terrific move. Terrific again. Really good stuff once again there from Eubank and O Sullivan. A few moments ago had a look at his corner. How telling that might have been taken an awful lot of punishment in this fight. Spike O Sullivan. I tell you, if this fight continues this way, Eubank will have a big lead come rounds 9, 10, 11, and 12. Thanks, David. That seems to be the way the wind is blowing at the moment. O Sullivan's the guy that's got to try and change things up a little bit here cuz Eubank's had a couple of pretty good rounds boxing in clever, intelligent bursts. That's a good shot again. Felt that. Yeah, right on the eye. First time I've seen Oalan been the one to grab hold up close. He was shaken by that one. I think his eye sees it. Here comes big time now. This is the full assault from Dub and Sullivan under intense pressure trying to fire bombs back himself. This is bad in this fight. Well, I was asking how tough the Sullivan is. Well, he just proved it there. Those were terrific punches he took. He took them cleanly and he came firing right back. But Jimmy doesn't want to take too many more of those. You just can't take that kind of punishment. Not unless he's Tony Zale or someone along those lines. The good thing for someone is at least he's keeping his hands up. Some of these punches get through, some of them don't. But at least with his hands up, he's not taking the 100% of the full shot. Still, it doesn't look good. It definitely doesn't feel good. But what kind of effect will it have psychologically on Eubank that he unloads like that and O Sullivan is still there and takes it? Yeah, I think that's what he's prepared to do. Just take from Eubank's got until he's got nothing left to give. But no, these punches are too clean that he's taken. He must knock it out of him sooner or later. Now he's looking tired and heavy legged again here. Eubank. Hardly surprising. He's thrown a lot of punches. The pace has been so heavy. I mean, he's created this pace, but at the same time, it becomes hard to maintain it. Solomon could snap the pace up here with Eubank to go with him. Instead, Eubank was able to get a breather by some time. Sullivan with a bit of showboing of his own. I'd still like to see Sullivan get back on that heavy jab. Just like to see just to see if he can put you back out of position, especially when you start getting low fatigue like you guys seem to be getting at times. Sometimes you make a mistake with your defensive position. Yeah. When the pace slows there's more chance you're going to use land the jab. Yeah. He's not used that as you [Applause] see. Right hands it all up and go to arena. United with shots of Eubank [Applause] Eubank. He's got that thing with his father. He just can't ignore it. Eubank has landed enough of him to that most guys landed three fights. He's only one night. Yeah, these are punches that you expect to stop the other guy or at least stop him in his tracks, but they're doing neither. The Sullivan still coming through them. Amazingly tough. His punch resistance is is incredible. It really is. Here we go. Halfway through the fight. We will be at the bell. What a six round war this has been. Don't know if you guys would agree with this or not, but has New Bank landed his best shots? If he has Sullivan has taken him, what effect will that have on Eubank going forward? We've still got a long, long way to go in this one. And as you guys have both said, it's almost like the scorecards were completely relevant to Sullivan going in. Yeah. Well, I have only given Sullivan one round. I think his luck has been amazing. You know, sometimes these skill fighters, they look better in the face. Has the skills. He doesn't mind the good tussle. He's got that toughness about him. I think this is the way he wants to do it, Nick. You know, he's not looking for a KG points victory over 12 rounds. He wants to the macho. He wants to put this guy in his place. I mention those people who's been in with Sparring, the Cleveries, the Brochies, the Deales, etc., etc. They all say the same thing. Tough as anything, Eubank. Relentless, really physical kind of guy. substance behind the hype just as it was with the father. Of course, you need character just to be in this kind of fight out there and survive it. And I know both of these guys are definitely having a mental character. Well, he had a tough upbringing. Shipped off to Vegas when he was 16. His father said, "Go on with him. You want to do this? Go prove yourself." He did. He talks of himself as an animal in the ring as well. Well, he's thinking a bit more about what's coming his way. Eubank is slipping the shots. Still standing his ground. Thinking a bit more about what's coming back. This is bit more clever if you like. Yeah. His combinations are starting to become twos and threes instead of the fours and fives that we talked about earlier today. You know what? Maybe it's cuz he's fatigued, but I think that's going to work better for him. I think you're absolutely right. I mean, he's picking some very nice body shots for example here in this round. Just about. You see that and that's maybe the thing that you'll knock the steam out of a Sullivan his head. You see you can hit that as often as you like for the body shots. Nobody likes those. That's all. You know he's boxing beautifully this round and he's not even in danger. Sometimes the other rounds he was boxing beautiful with beautiful beautiful combinations but you could just sense the danger cuz he was in the pocket too much. I wonder if Sullivan is flattened a little bit as well. Maybe not the same intensity from Sullivan. Now he's backed off there. That was a good shot. I mean, what we've seen of Spike really the last three rounds from you guys is tremendous resilience and ability to take the punch. We're not seeing much threat from him at the moment. There he is back in the zone, but again, not throwing punches. Eubank teeing off, getting out. Yeah, he's looking heavy legs and a little bit slow now. Sullivan. Yeah, this is too easy for you now. Accumulation of these punches must knock the energy out of you. body shots. Can't miss. Big big round out of [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] retired in this corner with all coming back in that last round. That's the stop. It was tough. It was hugely entertaining. It means the world to him down. That was the corner. They did the sniper saliv and your life would never have quit. Who would have done that till he had the final bell? That was the corner. That's people Steve Collins and his brother Tasco who know what it's like. Fighters have to be protected from themselves. Sullivan give when a fighter has given everything he's got and it's not enough and he's taking punishment. Get him out of there. And that's a terrific decision. I compliment the corner runner. A lot of guys I thought he was sort of saving his energy for late in the fight to see if Eubank would punch himself out and then he'd be more at risk to get pulled by a big shot by O Sullivan. But clearly Sullivan had something wrong with him and it was probably for the Eubank beaten. Yeah, he just had it punched out of him. Eubank finds the cameras, gives him a big stare and there are no recriminations going on in that corner either. Spikers accepted that. Pascal Collins very experienced and a good coach as well. Let's listen in. [Applause] [Music] Well, that's Pascar Point taking responsibility as you say, Jim Sper, and pulling him out. [Applause] Well, it was very, very entertaining. Eubanks come through a tough tough test psychologically as much as physically. Do you know what? Sorry if I interrupt you there, but some of the crowd are kind of showing their displeasure. What does it take to please some people? What a warp we've just witnessed there. And some of the people feel upset the fact that in the corner have celebrate, come on, get yourselves together. That was terrific. Great performance from both guys. Well, he wins the grudge match, doesn't he? And next stop for Chris Eubank Jr. a shot at the WBA WBA middleweight belt. Currently in possession of Danny Jacobs. He wins a real war tonight. Fico Sullivan literally gave it everything he had. Pulled out by his corner. Chris Eubank Jr. proves he's the real thing. That could be another fun fight. Jacobs and and uh Chris Eubank Jr. You're right. You're right. Ladies and gentlemen, referee Terry O' Connor at the request of O Sullivan's Connor calls a halt to the contest. The official time comes at the end of round seven. The winner by TKO victory. And now the number one ranked WBA mandatory challenger to the world title, the next generation, Chris Jr. Wang accepts the applause.