Kind: captions Language: en His opponent across the ring fighting out of the blue corner. He wears the beige with white and gold trim. He scaled already 132 and 3/4 lb. Professional record thus far perfect. Five fights, five victories with three of them coming by way of knockout. He fights out of Brick City, Newark, New Jersey. Ladies and gentlemen, the undefeated Zequan Zaybop Moses. Moses. Boxer chief second. Coach, on this side. Coach, can I have you on this side? Other side over here. All right, gentlemen. We're going middle of letters on this side. We're going right of the middle of waistband on this side. You both got my instructions in the back. Protect yourselves at all times. Listen my commands. Touch them up. Back to corner, gentlemen. Zequan Moses being very honest yesterday during our fighter meetings. He said, "Look, everyone tells me how calm I look all the time." Stop it. &gt;&gt; before I fight, I want to poop myself. Talk your good. He did. But he he said some good things, too. He says he wants to use his brain more and have a reason to set up shots. I love hearing that from young fighters. I want to see if he displays that tonight. And let's see what kind of &gt;&gt; Ready? Medina turned pro when Moses was 13 years old back in 2018. Faster hands are with that Moses and good body shot right there, Medina. Been Zequan Moses Thomas, win or lose, he was going to have fun in there, says "Boxing brings me the ultimate joy." Right now, Moses way too sharp with that one-two. And anytime that Medina's trying to get in front of him, Moses gets a little angle on him and gets a little Medina just they want the opportunity to to catch you off guard with one shot. Top of things, man. And and always quiet, you know, he's The more quiet a referee is, you know, that the the fighters are are &gt;&gt; [laughter] [snorts] &gt;&gt; Well, Sergio, what are you seeing from this young prospect so far? You know, I'm seeing exactly what I saw with Raymond Ford. Remember when we They got the They got They got the moves. They got the recipe. A headbutt there between these two guys. Time. Come here. Stay right here. You see the head? No, I know. I just stay right here. All right, I've got an accidental clash of heads. We definitely have some swelling underneath the left eye over here, all right? It's going to be right underneath the brow, all right? Gentlemen, both got to watch your eyes. Watch your heads, okay? Medina doing the best he can. Landing some punches there, and this is what you Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. No punch. asking for him to do, Sergio, when he can get Moses stationary. Right hand from Medina. He's getting his his shots in, too. Resort and casino in this intimate theater has all the bells and whistles. Love coming here. And those are quick shots. OH, AND A KNOCKDOWN. BEAUTIFUL one-two from Zequan. This is incredible boxing, man. Telling you, with Zequan Moses has opponents at that mid-range, he's really dangerous. He is sharp and accurate with that left hand. He threw away the the one-two from that southpaw stance just to clean it up with that right hook. And now Zequan can &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; SMELL BLOOD. HE'S GOING TO GET THIS TOUGH ARGENTINE out of there. But Medina's going to throw his shots on his way out, for sure. &gt;&gt; Yes, he is. Medina's going to still throw that overhand right. So, Moses needs to be responsible, which he's doing, but he's still going for the knockout. That's That's instinct. That's That's killer instinct you can't teach in these young boxers. All right, stop. Stop. No punch. Let it go. Let it go. Go. Three-time national amateur champion is Zequan Moses. Moses just making Oh. Medina miss completely. It's very But Moses is usually out of range by the time he throws to the body. It's the body shots that are actually taking out taking out the the fight away from Medina. And keeping him on the back foot, but there there he goes, just coming forward, just tough. Is Leandro Medina always looking for the body shots himself. Another body shot from Zequan on the inside. Medina's just walking right into these shots. Zequan Moses who's having fun in there. Even Even his trainers telling him in the corner just like you're looking beautiful. Everything's sharp. Everything's perfect. Don't leave it out there. Well, Medina, to his credit, coming forward, trying to land that haymaker. Oh. Another swing and a miss, and again. Moses with that look, but don't touch. Good body shot there by Medina. Oh, that was slick. Nice one-two. 20 seconds left. Can Zaybop find the big bop to put Medina down and out? A dominating performance &gt;&gt; Listen for the bell, guys. by Zequan Moses is nearly flawless. He won't get the knockout he wanted, but everything else was tip-top in Vegas. for these guys that's an expert body puncher. He's very tall and lanky, but he likes fighting on the inside. And we know Nick Ball, that's all he likes doing. So, it's going to be a clash, and I think I might I think that he can. I think Figueroa can do something special abroad. Well, kudos to Medina for making it the distance. He gave it all he had, Sergio, but he just didn't have enough. Well, and we expected that. This is what we told you about these Argentinian fighters. They always come to fight. They're relentless, but they're always one punch and one step behind, especially when you're dealing with sharper, faster, better boxers. So, it should be a fun birthday tomorrow for the soon-to-be 21-year-old from Newark, New Jersey. David Diamante has the scores. Let's hear from him now. Ladies and gentlemen, after six rounds of action here in Las Vegas, we go to the judges' score totals, and they read as follows. Kermit Bayless, Max DeLuca, and Lisa Giampa all scored this bout 60 to 53 for your winner by unanimous decision. He's still undefeated, Zequan Zaybop Moses. He's 6 and 0 now, Zequan Moses. Two fights in 105 days. You know, he'll want to get back in the ring as soon as possible. The more experience that he can get under his belt, the more dangerous he becomes, and the closer he becomes to being a contender. Yeah, and always getting that fight in the first month of the year is always great. You get your your preparing yourself for going four or five fights in a year, and that's what you want to do when you're when you're young and getting these knock these these experiences and going the distance, getting the knockouts. It's a good time. All right, he's with Chris Mannix now. Well, Zequan, congratulations. 6 and 0. Didn't get the knockout, but that was pretty close to a flawless performance from you tonight. How did you feel about it? I felt great. I mean, I've been training for 3 months. Hey, all fit is one moment, but I feel great. You know, this guy was a tough, physical guy, Argentinian. What were you seeing from him early on? Um he was just there, like I said, I've been saying all week. He wasn't going to go nowhere. He was just going to be there. He just had a hard head, and I was pretty much hurting my hands a little bit, but hey, I felt great, and I'm happy I got the dub. Dropped him in the third round. Did you think after that you're going to be able to get him out of there? I mean, for sure. He He was still hurt, but at the same time he was still dangerous, so I just played it smart. Uh he wasn't too like the hurt I wanted him to be to get just jump on him, but hey, man, I can't complain, man. I got the dub. I'm happy. You're just 20 years old. You're still learning in these fights. Do you learn something from a fight like this going six rounds for the second straight time? Oh, for sure. Uh like you just said, I'm I said I'm still learning. I'm only 20. Uh I'm learning as I go on, and I just can't wait for the future. You're only 20 for a few more hours, right? &gt;&gt; No. No. No. No, they always get my birthday wrong. I'm born in April, April 25th. What? &gt;&gt; Hey, my birthday not in January. I don't know why they keep saying that, but yeah, man, that's weird. Happy early birthday then to you. Hopefully we see you again soon. &gt;&gt; Thank you. Thank you. Uh and I want I want to shout out my team. I want to shout out everybody in mini camp. Uh DB3, Shakur Stevenson. Uh I want to shout out everybody next week. They're going to perform. They're going to show off. And it's their turn to finish it. You got it. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Well, Sergio, I guess you can't give him that bottle of tequila. You must have mentioned his birthday like four times. &gt;&gt; I know. Podcast, how terrible are you with notes? Hey, well, I'll blame that on copy box. They provide us our the background information. Always blame them bad notes. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Somebody call Dan Canobbio, would you? All right. Zequan Moses, who is still 20 until April, looked pretty good tonight, Sergio. &gt;&gt; And look at that, always cutting the body, touching him upstairs, but going down, digging them ribs. And look, anytime he was pulling out with that right hook, BEAUTIFUL RIGHT HOOK, CHECKING him across right there, knocking down Leandro Medina. And you could tell that he was outgunned here, but he still had the guts to try to punch over the top. Try to catch that haymaker that the the corner wanted, just like that. But, when you're you're too slow, when you don't have the fast feet, when you don't have the athleticism, you just can't compete with better, brilliant boxers. They they just they're outgunned, and Moses proved that. Zaquan Moses