Kind: captions Language: en Right lads, you expect from your ball, you obey the instructions at all times. When I tell you to break your ball break, defend yourselves at all times. And the best l touch gloves, touch him up. For the second fight, the for local man Connor Tudsbury against his former amateur opponent Robbie Connor in the light heavyweight division here at the Planet Ice Arena in Ultringham. have been with Nigel Travis at the Mosside Fire Station. Jim and his coach mentor been impressed with him. Says there's a lot to like about the young man. Great shape as always. He has that amateur pedigree. Over a hundred amateur fights. Remember speaking to Dave Allen. Dave Allen, who's obviously gym mates with Connor Tudsbury rates him, very good fighter, great lad. He's been impressive, hasn't he? Certainly that debut, but what he's done in the amateurs, Sunny, remarkable. Yeah, he's been around the circuit for a few years now. Oh, gets caught of a jab there. But before that, he started very nice, very sharp in landing a couple of jabs to the body. But yeah, very highly touted, had a good amateur background. But Robbie Connell seen him fight Liam Cameron was ringside for that fight and look what Liam Cameron's gone on to do. That looked like a great performance. Now it was the the first fight back after that long hiatus from Liam Cameron. Just got the nod by a single point. Did Cameron a decent amateur. We lost to Aaron Bowen in the semifinals of the GB Tri Nations. I to say the pedigree is there. They fought again. I mentioned see just being forced back from the pressure of Connor Tasbury. Really does look physically strong, doesn't he? Yeah. really when we think about it's quite a rare occurrence this early on in a sixrounder fighters you know that fought as an amateur almost rematching in in in a sixrounder but look Connor Tajbury's the prospect coming through Robert Connor has you know maybe started taking another route but look he's lost over half his fights but he hasn't been stopped he's very tough he's pushed some good fighters very very far in fights that it was perceived to be you know much more one-sided and they ended up being so Toddbury is going to have to be on it I think for this six rounder. Just looking at the ringside I can see Dave Allen, Jack Catrol, manager Sam Jones, Tony Bellow, Eddie Hearn speak to Nigel Travis, he said he's been sparring with Callum Smith before his brilliant win against Joshua Batzi. Also Bradley Ray who was supposed to be on the card. It's a really good sparring in camp. Oh, just looking for that right hand over the top. Connor, nice little step back. Just missed with the right hand though. Shown he's awkward. Knows how to to ride the shots, move out of range. Maybe a bit of patience required tonight. [Applause] [Music] 10 seconds corners. Seconds out. Round two. Into the second round we go. sixrounder in the light heavyweight division between Connor Tudsbury and Robbie Connor. Yeah, realized near the end of that first round that saying Connor anywhere just got confusing. Derek, nice jab from Tudsbury just tripping up the shot just forcing Connor back who does move well. He's slippery. He knows how to ride the shots as we said. just again moving a lot to his left just looking for that right hand over the top but patient certainly going to be the case here for Tudsbury doesn't need to rush anything yeah I think the frustrating thing right now for Connor Tudsbury is that oh that's better work though it's just that Robert Connor is doing quite a good job at smothering and negating a lot of the work when he's trying to engage and land some shots he's closing the gap down he's trying to throw a punch but he's letting his body fall in with bit and you know sort of just disable any real chance of attacking that Connor Tsbury has. Yeah, he's doing the right thing. He's not staying at arms length, is he? Like you say, when he gets close, he just ties up Tusbury and when he gets the opportunity, he moves sharply out of range. Nice. Landed a nice right to the body there. Straight right. It was like he landed a nice right hand to the body, but Ward himself with how his feet reacted. But that was a nice shot. Another left hook, but gets caught of a jab for his troubles. Yeah, just looking to disguise that left hook. just look down and through the the left hook upstairs. Yeah, a bit variation with the movement both left and right and then as you say just grabs hold and smothers the work of Tudsbury cuz I think the problem really is when Connor Tudsbury is trying to get there he's rushing with his feet and when Robbie Connor then comes forward and closes the gap. He's almost too close to him to really land anything of significance. Oh, that's a better left hook though. Yeah, it was a nice shot. Short sharp left hook inside. And you can see the the immediate response from Robbie Connor opting to use the ring. Take his shoulder out of way. Big Robbie Connor again just showing the sharp feet. Just leading with that right hand, looking to finish with the left. Tudsbury again just trying to nullify the work. Referee just splitting the two up. Sure, it won't be long until he until he starts having a little word with Robbie Connors with a double jab, Sunny. But to be fair, Robbie Connor is having probably a little bit more success early on than than he might have thought. And I think every time that the fight is getting smothered, you know, you've got the prospect who's trying to impress Connor Tudsbury probably getting a little bit anxious, probably getting a little bit agitated from the smothering, the holding. Look, he's trying to break the clinch now where this is how Robbie Connor wants the fight to go really. Yeah. A little messy here in this second round at Planet Ice Arena in Ultringham. Robbie Connor there walked back to his corner complaining about a right shoulder. I don't think his uh trainer did much of a convincing job of massaging it better, Darren. But still he comes out. Yeah, he's just giving himself two left hooks on that right shoulder. Obviously some sort of damage there. See if he lets that shot go. Moving to his left. Nice jab to the body from Connor Tsbury. And you can see the maybe physical differences and it favoring Connor Toddsbury as a two matching up. But right now I think Robbie Connor's doing a good job of just skating out of the way of most of the danger. I don't think he's Oh, that's a better shot. I don't think he's landing all too much Robbie Connor, but he's making it quite difficult for Tudbury to get anything of too much. And on the flip side, how do you nullify that? Is that a two-phase attack? Step in, bring your feet in. Do you know I think about setting a trap but when you do go going with conviction I think again here Tudsbury is allowing his opponent to get on his chest and then he's still trying to work. He's not thinking look right now he's in a place where he's got his levers. He's got the target right in front of him but he's almost telegraphing the jab that's coming forward. He's stepping in with it cuz he's starting a bit too far out of range. If he faints, maybe got his feet a little bit closer and then through him before he was either too far out or too close in, he'd probably be having a bit more success with the landing, I think. But it is hard saying that against someone that's doing a very good job at either being too close or as you're coming getting away. Yeah, if you just see it there, just grabbing hold of that lead hand of Connor Tudsbury was Robbie Connor just nullifying the threat. Those short hurtful shots that we've seen Tsbury throw. just working the body with that right hook. And I think the problem a lot of the time from Connor Tudbury is that he's trying to sort of land the perfect shot from the first phase of the attack every time. That was a good shot. That was a beautiful left hook from Connor Tudbury took it well. Robbie Connor, a little dip of the legs followed. Yeah, he's just got that right hand a little low at times, hasn't he, Robbie Connor? And that was a beautiful welltimed left hook. And when he throws with his feet underneath him and he's not falling in or trying to cut the ring down whilst throwing, they're nice shots again there. Maybe a little bit of tension at the shoulders, a little bit weight out the hands, but keep your feet under you and keep the balance. Well, we starting to see a little bit more counter punching. It was off the the shots of Robbie Connor. That left hook. Nice jab to the body. Yeah, he's worked that well in the first three rounds. Connor Tudsbury again. He's flat footed. He's sharp. Robbie Connor when he wants to be looking for that his own left to the body there. Throwing the same shot at the same time. Looking again for that left hook upstairs. Tudsbury. Oh, just grazing the target. Tsbury with that left hook. Yeah, and he's playing his part, Robbie Connor. And as you said, there's a lot more easier fights out there for someone like Tsbury. You know, as we said, he doesn't have your conventional sort of amateur style. Does Robbie Connor, but he knows how to look after himself. Yeah. And he's doing a good job of always staying busy as well. So, he's always giving Connor Toddbury something to adjust to or think about. Don't get me wrong, I have Connor Toddsbury here as a landslide shout out. So far, there's not been too much coming back, but it's just more the work you can see him capable of doing. Robbie Connor's doing quite a good job at nullif fighting that right now. That was a good uppercut that landed a slight dip of the legs, but look, the toughness again like is a common theme tonight. He he stands there, he's ready to throw back, but right now he's just doing a good job at starting in the right place. And when Konatage really goes to launch an attack, he's just taking it away enough where even if he does get caught, he's taking the sting out of the punches. Into the fourth round we go. One thing's for sure, you'll be learning a lot in there, Connor Tudsbury. Gang gamesmanship there from Robbie Connor as we see him just moving left and right, poking out that jab. Back comes Tudsbury. He's looking for the two shots upstairs. But I think Robert Conn has done a real good job at staying relaxed throughout this, staying composed. You can just see that slight, you know, bit more relaxedness than what Connor Toddsbury has. But that's where, you know, the power, that's where the physicality is coming for it. But you know, maybe if Connor Toddsbury did just take the tension out of his shoulders a bit, he'd be finding the target better and easier. Missed out in the Paris Olympic Games. Tsbury was gutted, but certainly a welcomed addition to the pro ranks here in the UK. It's a dream of his to to be a professional fighter from where he grew up to be on these kind of shows and platform that is available for him and such a great team buzzing in that gym. Jamie Moore, Nigel, that's better work. Yeah, get back to action there. And he just opted to quicken up his hands there a little bit. He did look for too long. He got into range and he let twos and threes goals and he landed every single one of them. Robbie Connor standing tall but offering more. He's letting his hands go. Nice jabs from the Scott again as you've pointed out as early as the first round. Just leaning on just stopping that work from Tudsbury. Smart when he's needed to be Connor. Good head movement there, Sunny from Tudsbury. Yeah, I think the problem right now is it's quite obvious when Connor Tudsby wants to have a go, wants to fight, he he gets a bit more aggressive. If he jumps up, he comes forward. He's sort of letting you know that he's coming. And anytime he's seeing that, Robert Connor is just, you know, tying him up, walking him back, getting too close to him or getting away from him. And I think he could just do a better slightly better job at hiding what his intentions are cuz we sort of know when he's looking to come big, when he's coming in with a jab, perhaps that that second phase attack, but completely echo what you're saying there, Sunny. But I do think he's playing his part, Robbie Connor. That's for sure. Definitely. I do think a lot of the parts of it for Connor Touchbury is he's not really worrying about what's coming back. So, he's not really reacting to what's coming back. He's just trying to get there and start working himself. But why when he does, he's getting tired up. Yeah, the team there Tsbury, Jamie Moore, Kerry Kay, Savan Khn, and of course, Nigel Travis who knows this man so well and a very experienced corner with a lot of success, you know, over the years through their own careers as well in Very safe hands. You'd think there Connor Toddsbury. Very familiar ones as well. Second Cor. Seconds out. Round five. We're into the fifth round we go. Just see Jamie Moore there signaling the right uppercut for Tudsbury. Will we see the local man get that shot into play? Robbie Connor starting the round on the front foot, changing the levels with his knees. But that's nice footwork from Tudsbury. We've applauded the the footwork of Robbie Connor, but that was a nice pivot back to center ring, Sunny from Tudsbury. Yeah, I think both fighters have started this fifth round quite nice to be honest. Now you can see with the the body movement of Robbie Connor and the way he goes about dropping his shoulders and slipping out even for a man of his size that he definitely has some amateur pedigree. But I think right now what you're just seeing is someone that's maybe a bit physically stronger and maybe a bit better just out working and controlling the work. always he always looks like sorry sunny that he's cocked and ready to throw a shot Robbie Connor that may have stopped Connor Tsbury just really mounting more attacks at the fear of maybe walking onto shot but this is a good attack from Tsbury lands a lovely right hand very wild though I'd like to see him get control of his feet a little bit more here though is what I was talking about earlier in the fight yeah that was a beautiful right hand midway through That barrage of work from Connor Tudsbury desperate to get the job done there. Really put his foot on the gas, but credit to Robbie Connor, but it's almost like he started the attack from his feet rather than his hands. His feet started moving and then his hands started catching up to the target. He's finding himself in a lot of good places, but I think when he starts putting the power behind it, his feet are just getting flustered at the moment and being overly probably maybe critical of a fight that you know in the second fight has won pretty much every second in this fight so far. But you can see that he's physically a very very very capable fighter. Yeah, there's an awful lot to like. This is another good attack. Three shots to the body, two straight right hands, followed by the right bolo under that left elbow of Robbie Conno. Just pokes out the jab just to stop the work, the flow that has come his way from Connor Tudsbury in this fifth round. Just over 30 seconds to go. Is he starting to feel the pace in your eyes, Robbie Connor Sunny? Um maybe the pace a little bit, but I do think that it might just be that the punch is slowly starting to break him down. And you can see that, you know, we're just over just over 3 minutes. That was a good shot. Another one. Right hook. Beautiful shot from Connor Tudsbury. He looks to hold again. Robbie Connor. Good work from the local man in his second out in as a professional Connor Tudsbury. [Applause] Yeah, had some real good moments in that fifth round. Connor Tudsbury landing some good hurtful hooks, listening to the instructions of Jamie Moore in the corner. And you can really see when he does start revving and letting his hands go that, he's definitely a physical force to be reckoned with. You can see that. But right now, like I said before, he's just telegraphing it that little bit. You almost see the the the revving of the engine before he comes. And don't get me wrong, it it made Robbie Connor not throw back. It made him just want to get out the way or dive, but at the same time, it makes it harder to land the shot. And here's one half of tonight's chief support. Cameron Bong in against Jordan Flynn. The bad blood is real. Oh, this is a real grudge match. Do not miss that one. Live on the zone from 700 p.m. As I say, the chief support, Pat Brown, top of the bill into the final round we go here. And I made that fight, so it's only right that I'm commentating on it. Is it? Good work, Sunonny Edwards. Back to to work for these two here. like heavyweight division former amateur foes Robbie Connor Connor Tudsbury they know each other but this is good work it was in the previous round from Tudsbury and he started this sixth round Sunny Edwards lively yeah a bit more confidence a bit more aggression maybe a slightly easier target to hit and catch up to now he had some good success as well in the fifth round yeah he's he's played his part hasn't Robbie Connor. He's nullified the work. He stopped at times. Connor Tudsbury looking good. As we've said, the talent's there, the class is there, the pedigree certainly there. There's a lot to like and I'm sure with with other opponents, opponents that aren't as awkward as Robbie Connor. We will see the best of Connor Tubsbury, but lots and lots he would have learned here tonight against Robbie Connor. You just get the feeling that if Robert Connor was a bit more willing to, you know, make himself an easier target, we'd see some really big shots landing. But oh, it's right uppercut. And it's the quicker hands that are landing. When he's going solid and going big, he's missing. But when he's going quick and picking up his feet and picking up his hand speed, Robert Conn is really struggling to keep up with him now. Yeah. And he's up the tempo. More work from Tudsbury. I think he's feeling the the tank of Robbie Connor really starting to empty. And look how he's stealing a 5 10 second little break there. Poised up as if he was almost ready to throw his shot, but I think we all knew that he weren't coming in with that. Yeah. And again, working that uppercut. There's two again unanswered right uppercut. A little step out of rain range from Tudsbury looking menacing on the front foot. the focus on his eyes. But again, as you say there, just stopping Tudsbury from coming forward. He looks like he's ready to throw the shot. And you can see the steam coming off of the head of Robbie Connor. And he's making Connor Tudsby work hard here. You can see after that burst, he had to have a little shake out. He thought about going and then he didn't. He had a little shake of his arms. And when you are built in the way that Connor Tudbury is, when you do have clear muscle mass on your body, you generate more power, sure, but use a lot more energy with everything you're doing. And I think, you know, okay, this has only been sort of oneway traffic for the most part, but it will definitely give him some things to to think about in the future. Yeah, last few seconds here in the final round of our final belt and before the bell, final bout, sorry. Connor Tsbury would have done enough there against a game awkward opponent, former amateur opponent Robbie Connor from Scotland, Bella Houston. He knew how to ride the shots, stay out of trouble, and we pointed out that there'll be easier tests, you would say, for Tudsbury as he climbed through the ranks, but good work. Definitely easier to hit. I thought Robbie Connor did a tremendous job at just making himself out of the way and and and too close whenever Connor Tudby really tried catching up with him. That being said, I thought Tudsbury was finding some nice shots throughout the fight. His jab was really nice. I thought upstairs, downstairs, the uppercut, I think when he started letting it down on the last few rounds was probably the shot that he had the most success with. But yeah, I think a very strong performance, albeit maybe a little bit frustrating and not the knockout that he probably would have wanted. Yeah, but you again you have to give credit to Robbie Connor there. It was a tough match up in only his second fight against a guy who represented Scotland, fought in the GB Free Nations. He's just looking at his arm there, pointing to his arm, Connor Tsbury. Did he injure that left arm? But anyway, let's hand over to David Diamante for the verdict of this third and final fight on Before the Bell. [Music] Ladies and gentlemen, after six rounds of action here in Alteringham, we go to referee John Leam. Scorecard. It reads 60- 54 for your winner. He's still undefeated. The Moss side mersbury. Yep. Connor Tazbury moves to 2 and