Kind: captions Language: en Yeah, &gt;&gt; Connor, great to see you, mate, as always. Um, looking nice and casual for a little trip down the gym. How's life? &gt;&gt; Yeah, good, mate. Life's great. Splendid. &gt;&gt; When you're away, I I guess after a big fight, you know, the massive fight that we had in November in the time frame. What does life look like for Connor Ben in in the downtime? So, &gt;&gt; believe it or not, I just want to get back in the gym, start training, uh, stay in routine, stay in structure because I'm one of them fighters that need structure, that need routine. uh you know, I'm disciplined and my work ethic's unmatched. So, I just want to keep keep going, keep it moving. Um you know, for me, it's just important to to just stay on the grind. Do you know what I mean? And and you'd think that over the Christmas period, you that I'd slack that I'd relaxed and enjoy the pleasures of of life. Uh but, you know, the reality is I was back in the gym um week after I run 11 km this morning. Um, you know, so I just keep training every single day, to be honest. But I need it more for my sanity than than anything else. &gt;&gt; How many times have you watched the fight back? &gt;&gt; I've actually still not watched it back. &gt;&gt; Not once. &gt;&gt; No, cuz this is what I do. I can't I'm my harshest critic and it bothers the life out of me. See, the first uh fight I couldn't I couldn't watch it for I didn't watch it for ages until I started camp for the second fight so I could adjust and make correct the mistakes that I made. Um and I'm you still not watch the second fight. I have no interest in watching the second fight cuz I know there was like some mistakes I made in the fight that I will have to correct. But when it comes down to time to correct them, I'll study it. Um but I won't just sit back and watch it and and get pleasure out of watching it. What made that night so special? &gt;&gt; It wasn't even the night. It was the week. It was the camp. It was it was the leadup. Um for me it was &gt;&gt; it was redemption. Um a lot of people said I can't do it. You know I think 3 years ago if you said you're jumping up to 160 um people go yeah there's no chance. He's fought. He's fought Billy Joe. He's fought the gal. He's fought um Smith you know. And then you've got a worldwing me and people going not giving me a chance. So, I'm glad that the first fight delivered and done what it said it was going to do and done what I said I was going to do cuz most fighters don't deliver. They talk about it, but are you really about it? So, for me, that was a big box ticked. Um, and then the second fight was just about adjustments and correction. Um, using my faints, my agility, my speed, my boxing brain, sticking to the game plan um over emotions. So for me that was really important to to make sure that I got that right because if I'd lost the second fight I've just got to go he's a better fighter than me. He's a he's a better boxer than me but I know he ain't. So it was hard for the first fight cuz I feel I let myself down and I really wanted to correct it and make the adjustments needed whether it was as entertaining or not. I know I can go there. I know I can do that. Have that fight. If you want to stand there and we have that sort of fight I can do that. But I wanted to show that actually you know what I can box. I can stay disciplined. I can use my boxing train. I can use my faint, my speed, my agility, my athleticism. And also, it was a piece of piss. 12 rounds easy. Could have done 15 rounds at that piece. Before the rematch, there was a few talking points. I wonder if there's a world where Connor Ben and Christie Bank Jr. go on a world tour and a friend. Have you spoke to him at all since &gt;&gt; I would have no interest in speaking to him at all. I f 68. &gt;&gt; What have you made of that? Seems like the the journey is going to continue for you, Ben Jun. &gt;&gt; Yeah, listen. Um Oh, no doubt. Just for some reason, I would I think I would have be expecting a phone call. Um but when he realizes 168 is not not for him. Who's he going to fight 168? Um you know, I think he should call it a day. Me personally, I think he should sell off into the sunset. It's always hard selling off into the sunset, you know, with a loss. But I think he he should call it a day. You know, he's got two two twin boys, two beautiful twin boys that are coming into this world. And, you know, sometimes you you know, you need to prioritize your health and safety over anything else. &gt;&gt; Has your opinion on him changed since the two fights? &gt;&gt; What way? Listen, he's not my cup of tea. Like that will be from now until forever and ever. And and that is what it is. But it's perfectly fine. Like I sometimes don't like you, Jamie. Do you know what I mean? And it's perfectly fine because we're here to do a job &gt;&gt; and that's it. You just got to keep it professional. &gt;&gt; Business. &gt;&gt; Exactly. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You slag my hair off &gt;&gt; all the time. All the hair of it. &gt;&gt; I don't say &gt;&gt; you got to keep that in there now. &gt;&gt; I don't say anything about your hair. &gt;&gt; Um &gt;&gt; Yeah, you do. &gt;&gt; The fans can make their money. &gt;&gt; The hair that I don't have that I now have. Well, just remember my beard's real. All right. &gt;&gt; Keep that beard as well. &gt;&gt; You just keep digging. You are all &gt;&gt; I'm just going to get up. I'm just going to get up and walk out in a minute. Me. &gt;&gt; No, don't do that. Sponsored by Gillette, though. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Go on. Give me that. Give me that sponsorship. &gt;&gt; Uh, you two have been uh Yeah, he ain't my cup of tea. But ultimately, &gt;&gt; how can you not respect a man that we I shared blood with? Do you know what I mean? Uh, we both gave a part of ourselves to the public. I literally gave a part of myself to the public. I took years of my life in that fight for the public, for you guys, you know, and and he done the same. Uh, so I respect him for that. Um, the only thing I don't respect him for is the excuses. You know, him laying in the hospital bed with a camera up his ass for IBS. Like, there's no need for that. Do you know what I mean? you were good enough to step in the ring and think you were going to beat me and talk the talk. Are you a fraud or are you about it? Are you a fraud then? So, is that what you're saying? So, that talk was all bollocks. You you went in there and you knew you were 100%. You know, so for me, whenever I've had fights, I tore the tendon in my hand for a week before one of my fights. Did I Did you Did anyone hear me say anything? No. Cuz nobody cares. Did you hear about my injuries in the first first fight with Eubank in camp? No. No one cares. Would I bring it up? No. No one cares. You know, ultimately we we go out there and we fight with our hearts. We fight with everything we have. You can't just come in and go, "Oh, yeah, but you know, I had a sore belly." &gt;&gt; You two uh have always been connected in in one way or another. And you're also connected with the ring awards as well, coming up very soon. I congratulate him. The no I don't think there's any fighter on the planet that could have brought out what he brought out in me that night. You know, I I generally don't think so. I do believe if it was well weight and we had 8 oz gloves on, it'd be no contest. It be it wouldn't even be a there'd be no comparison. And you know what I keep thinking away is now I'm down below 160. I'm walking around now about 157. I am not a middleweight. Do you understand? So the fact that I've just gone up three years and and fought him a middleweight and then dropped back down to now 147. I ain't no I ain't no middleweight. You want me? So it would have been a no contest, but irrelevant of what it is. Um you know we both gave everything we had to the for the supporters. Um and you know it didn't just deliver once, it delivered twice. &gt;&gt; It's round 12 for round of the year in your first fight and the first fight for fight of the year. Would would it mean anything to you to to win those despite the fight not going your way on the night? &gt;&gt; Yeah, of course it is. I mean, listen, I prefer the first fight over the second fight. I mean, don't get me wrong, the second fight was a better night cuz I won, but the first fight, there was something special about that night. Um, for me, the people ask me what was your your favorite fight, I'll probably be the one that I lost. And ultimately, it ain't about a win or a loss when you have that sort of fight. It's just about entertaining the public and pouring your heart out. That that was me pouring everything I had in into me out. And there was nothing more I couldn't have done with what how I felt on the night, you know. I was full of rage and and anger and I just wanted to go in there and and inflict pain and damage. It weren't even about winning. It was about me just going in there and and and hurting him, which I done. And that that was my goal. I didn't go back to the T. Did I win that round? Did I win that round? I was just like I was up 30 seconds before the bell even go to let me out him again. Um, and that was my mindset that night. &gt;&gt; Well, I know you're in New York next week, which we'll talk about, but maybe you can go up on the stage and collect the award together if you win. &gt;&gt; Might give Might give him a cuddle. &gt;&gt; Uh, big night in New York next week. How do you see that fight unfolding? Shakio I mean Shakur is on smoke you know like he messages me saying I'm gonna put it on you and all that and like you know you're going to get it next and like he's he's on smoke I rate it for a little man um but I think I think Tio can cause an upset I think to cause an upset because don't wrong I think I'm I'm all about entertainment me personally like what I like to see is you know entertainment and blood and you guts and pride. Um, Shakur don't have to go there because he's so gifted and so talented. Um, and I really liked what I saw when he fought to Peter like he looked sharp and it was exciting. But then he's come out in an interview after said he's not doing that again. But he he looked he looked unbelievable. People want to skip to the money mate. People don't want to people forget the pretty boy Floyd, you know. where he was a savage, you know, and and and was entertaining. Um, but watching him fight Zapido, you know, razor sharp, you know, incredible ring IQ. Um, but I think Tio is a bigger man and can can cause some problems. Tio's ringing IQ, sharpness, speed, agility, power is is up there. So, you know, I think it's going to be an exciting fight. I back Tio to win. &gt;&gt; Saw the press conference yesterday for Ryan Garcia and Mario Barry. I just want to play you this Yeah, that's definitely an opportunity that I would love to experience in the UK. Would love to go international with it. So, um, you know, we're focused on what we're focused on, but I would love that. &gt;&gt; How do you see that fight unfolding between &gt;&gt; The reality is I can't even tell you, but I think he's a sausage though. &gt;&gt; Ryan? Yeah, I think Ryan sausage. &gt;&gt; But how do you see the fight going in the ring with Barios? &gt;&gt; It could get cooked. &gt;&gt; It could. &gt;&gt; People were talking about a massive fight between you and Ryan Garcia. Cinco Deayo, what would it mean to you to be involved in this? &gt;&gt; Listen, if he gets a WBC world title, that fight is huge at sells our stadium at Wembley. I'll be willing to hold out to June, July to to do that fight in Wembley. providing there's a guarantee because he's such a liability. Uh ultimately, as I said, I run 11K this morning fasted. Yesterday, I was up at 5:45 in the morning training, you know. So, for me, I'm like, I could just be active and be out there, but at the same time, I want the biggest commercial fights. Um I want, you know, the biggest fights that can possibly be made in boxing, you know, whether that be me jumping up to 160. I won't turn down jumping up to 160 to fight a fight if it makes sense and if it's a massive commercial fight. I won't turn down fights at 154. It's a big commercial massive fight. Ultimately, my goal is to get that WBC world title. You know, for me, I set out at the start of my career almost been pro 10 years to win that WBC world title to be made number one mandatory for the WBC world title belt against the winner of Bario Scarcia. That's a dream. And to be sitting in this position now after the the past few years, it is a dream, you know, to to come off the Eubank win um and have a fight of the year, first fight, come back and and change and adapt my style and win the second fight to then fight for the WBC world title. You got to make that some year. Um but you know, no doubt this year I'll be WBC World Champion. Whe that means I hold out for my mandatory spot or do we fight Roelly in the meantime? Um they're all possibilities. Uh they're all maker fights. Uh but a WBC for me is the one where I feel like it's written in the stars. &gt;&gt; Knowing how dedicated you are though with the early starts, you know, out of camp so to speak, would it be difficult for you to wait that long? &gt;&gt; Not really because I've sort of I had to learn a lot about myself over the years. Jamie, where how does Connor Ben work out of camp? Out of camp for me was always hard. I always struggled. were always uh for me it was it was really challenging. It was just like it was just really challenging. I found it really hard being out of camp because I go from a structure routine to then no man's land and sort of just free falling into oblivion and I really struggled with that. Um and I always used to think to myself, how can I have everything I want in in this world and and struggle when people I'm living people's dream and it really is bizarre. Um, and it's only when you sort of sit down and you go, "Okay, this is what I need." Every every morning without fail, I run. Every morning without fail, no matter if Eli had me up at 3:00 in the morning, I run. No matter if, you know, I'm tired, I run. No matter if I'm sick, I run. No matter if I'm whatever is, I run. Running for me is like my my head clear, my safe place, and it starts me starts me off for the day. Um, you know, I think everybody um can sort of understand that everyone has their thing. Mine is running and I clear my head, &gt;&gt; but can I can I wait? Of course I can. But I need a guarantee. I need to guarantee the um you know I will fight before June July the mega fights will get made. Um otherwise I just want to be active. I know it was never massively easy for you to make 147, but you know the big question that everyone's asked is after the two fights at at middleweight against Eubank, how will Conor Ben's body react to making 147 again? How do you say that? &gt;&gt; People say that and a lot of people doubt me again. You know, it's like, okay, but maybe your fighter isn't as disciplined as I am. So when the trainer saying, yeah, he can't just do that. Well, your fighter ain't as disciplined as I am. And what do you know? Have you done it? Do you know what I mean? So for me it's again I whether it's true or not I get that chip on my shoulder that's what made me run 11k this morning 11 and a halfk that's what gets me up in the morning that's what makes me train and that's what makes me work hard you know it's my chip on my shoulder so for me I'll be like all right cool watch you got remember back when people do you think people would have thought I'd sell out two stadium shows I've been number one in the mandatory position or had the world champions at 147 call me out when I fought there for three years do you know what I'm saying so if I had listened to them, I wouldn't have done nothing cuz delusional is what got me where I am. Being delusional is what got me where I am. Or was it delusional? Is it just confidence? Do you know what I mean? So for me, cool. I'll be disciplined over Christmas. Don't get me wrong, I'll make the bag. I'll secure my future, my kids future. I'll make some serious money. And I'll still stay disciplined over Christmas. I'll still lose weight. I'll still diet. No fight day in sight. I'll stay disciplined over the new year. I'll stay disciplined on holiday. I'll stay disciplined and and and train when when I don't feel like it. I'll do the slow fat burning runs which I find really jarring. I'll do them. You know what I mean? So now I'm sitting down. I'm I'm lighter than welterweights out of camp right now, you know, and that's because I stay disciplined. I don't care what anybody says. My work ethic is unmatched. and I'll stay disciplined and I'll get my way down and I will focus on making sure I don't crush my weight so that I give myself every best chance in winning a world title and that's what I'll do. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] everybody else, man. I'm [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] tired of this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Oh, you can't do this. You can't do that. Watch me, man. &gt;&gt; And I know you're one of them, Jamie. &gt;&gt; Never. I don't doubt you. &gt;&gt; Final question. Uh Daltton Smith. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Britain's got a new world champion. What did you make of that? And I guess look, if the time comes for him to move up to 147, who knows, right? &gt;&gt; Who knows? Do you mean I I rate Dalton? Um I like D. I like his family. I like his dad. Um you know, when you see the father and son Jo in boxing, you you love it. You have to love it. But to go over there into America and and beat a guy that's had 95% knockout ratio and beat him his own game. Yeah. Yeah. That's that's what it's about, isn't it? A lot of people talk about it. Dawn's about it. He loves it. He lives it and breathes it. He's a fighter. Do you know what I mean? You know, not not many people are like that. A lot of people talk about it. But then when it comes down to it and push comes to the shop, people aren't about it. And he inspires fighters um and the younger generation coming through with doing what he done from where he's from and where he he started. Um you know, all the way through and all the way to the top. &gt;&gt; Enjoy America. Great to see you. Great to catch up. I'm sure we won't see you in uh I'm sure we won't see you in any interviews in America while you're there. I think you'll be nice and quiet actually when you're over there. &gt;&gt; Shout out be a miracle if we see her. Come on Ben knows a gentleman.