Kind: captions Language: en At ringside tonight, we have some of the biggest names from the world of sports and entertainment. But inside the ring, in attendance with their progeny, we have two names from the golden age of middleweight and super middleweight fighters in the 1990s. They were among the best, fought the best, and fought each other. Before they go to their seats, a round of applause for the two middleweight and super middleweight champions of the world, Chris Eubank and Nigel Ben. [applause] Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to Tottenham Hotspur Stadium, London, England. And the main event of the evening, the ring unfinished business, the rematch the world has been waiting for. 12 rounds of boxing in the middleweight division. And it's all presented by Riad Season Cella and the Bible of Boxing Ring Magazine. Promoters Eddie Hearn for Matchroom Boxing and Ben Shalom for Boxer. Sponsored by Everlast by Cleans Movevember, Mr. Q Casino and Bet Fred. And ladies and gentlemen, special thanks for them bringing forward this contest to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and the custodian of the two holy mosques, King Salman bin Abdul Aziz al- Sah, his royal highness, the crown prince Muhammad bin Salman and the chairman of the General Entertainment Authority and the Saudi Boxing Federation, his excellency Turkey al-She. Sh. This event is streamed worldwide and exclusively on the zone. Sanctioned by the British Boxing Board of Control. Stewart in charge, Guy Williamson. Supervisor Dennis Gil Martin. Timekeeper at the bell, Brett BS. The three judges scoring should it go the distance, Howard Foster, John Laam, and Marcus McDonald. And inside the ring, in charge of the action at the bell, veteran referee Kevin Parker. So now, ladies and gentlemen, the officials are in place and they are ready. The fighters are in the ring and they are ready. So, at this time, let's turn the page to another great chapter in the history of British boxing. Ladies and gentlemen, LET'S GET READY TO RUMBLE. [cheering] [applause] Introducing first, fighting out of the blue corner with his head trainer, Tony Sims, wearing white and blue. Official weight 159.3 lb. as a professional. 23 victories, 14 wins by knockout, only one defeat. From Ilford, Essex, England, the former WBA Continental Champion, Connor the Destroyer. And across the ring, his opponent fighting out of the red corner with his head trainer Chris McIntyre wearing yellow, officially weighing in at 159.1 lb as a professional. 35 victories, 25 stoppages by knockout with three defeats, ranked by the ring at number three in the world in this division. Fighting out of Brighton, England, the former twotime IBO world champion, Chris Eubank Jun. that &gt;&gt; again a win in the U back &gt;&gt; instructions in the dressing room. You know what I expect a clean fight. Remember to obey my commands at all times. Above all, protect yourself at all times. Good luck, gents. Touch gloves. &gt;&gt; What happens next? &gt;&gt; You can't give up on the jab here, Connor. And he's just reduced it a little with the top shot 30 40 seconds. He can't give up when he's just in his hands going to get him in trouble potentially. &gt;&gt; And he can't afford to lean over the front foot like that. He just narrowly missed that right uppercut. Eubank. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Back came Eubank getting his hands flowing now. &gt;&gt; Trying to penetrate with the jab. &gt;&gt; And also HIS BEN'S JAB AT the minute which is so good in the shot from both. Have you given Connor the first three? &gt;&gt; Yeah, three. We're halfway through a minute into that round and he's winning this round and numerous exchanging right hands there. &gt;&gt; Could he have over trained? Could he have left it in the gym? I mean what you feel like as well back in the river with the jab right hand just bounces off the chin of &gt;&gt; what is going through his mind comes back and this is okay let's go to war jun's got work to And he's seconds away. [cheering] And the team GOT THE 12 ROUND stoppage there. So again, Ken Con just put the finishing touches for what's been absolutely superb tonight. Junior trying to survive. Here comes Junior. 20 seconds to go. Unbelievable. [cheering] Second time. He says he's okay. AND THE BELL LOOKS LIKE IT WILL SAVE JUNIOR. DOWN TWICE. It will go the distance. Man, you have absolutely rock. Donovan Osmo with a stunning performance of brilliant boxing by unanimous decision. He's now defeated every man he's ever faced in the ring. He is Connor [cheering] leader Ben. Jamie is with Connor now. Connor Ben. It is Ben revenge. Ben redemption. and just tell this stadium and tell the world what on earth is going through your mind right now and how this feels. &gt;&gt; How does it feel? &gt;&gt; I got one on you. &gt;&gt; I got ONE ON YOU, MATE. HOLD THAT. HOLD THAT. &gt;&gt; YEAH. Do you know what? I want to thank everyone who's come out tonight. &gt;&gt; Oh, it's been some journey. And I feel like this is the end of the Benu Bank saga. Diamond finished. It's over. I know Chris has twins coming and I got my boy, but this ends here. &gt;&gt; A completely different fight, Connor, from the first one in April and a completely different performance from yourself. What felt differently in the ring tonight for you? &gt;&gt; Well, everyone's saying, "I can't box." Put that in your pipe and smoke it. How about that? &gt;&gt; You push for the finish right until the very end, Connor. After 24 epic rounds with your arch rival, Chris Eubank Jr., What do you have to say about him? Let's go quiet real quick. [laughter] I mean, listen, I wouldn't This wouldn't have been what it was without Chris and our dads. Most of all, this is generational. This has never been done before in history. So, credit to Chris. Credit to Chris, man. That's all I got to say. Thank you for for sharing the ring with me. &gt;&gt; We'll see if we can grab a word with Chris Eubank Jr. Wonderful to see the response. &gt;&gt; Not bad for two silver spoon kids. E &gt;&gt; Chris, commiserations, Chris, the verdict from commentary was that even from round one, you didn't quite look yourself in the ring tonight. What went wrong tonight, Chris Eubank Jr.? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I've been through uh I've been through hell and back to get to this night and um you know, is it is what it is. Um, I tried my best. And uh, listen, the kid fought hard. He fought tough. Um, he's got power. This kid, you know, he was bigger on me, bigger than me on the scouts. I don't know how you did it. I'm looking at him. He's 168. I'm like, how what the hell's going on? But, um, listen, we put on a show. Um, and, uh, yeah, Connor Ben was the best man tonight. So, congratulations to him. &gt;&gt; What's next for you, Chris? I know it's very fresh, but it is one a piece. Connor says it's the end of the Eubank Ben saga. What's your opinion on that? &gt;&gt; This one one I've got to go away and and deal with some of the things I've been dealing with over the last couple of months and uh and who knows maybe we'll see something new with me and him, maybe we won't. But uh for right now it's all about this man. It's his night. Congratulations. &gt;&gt; Commiserations Chris, but congratulations on being a wonderful sport and we look forward to seeing what is next. Connor, if it's not the trilogy next, back down to 147. What's next for Connor Ben? &gt;&gt; I fancy barriers for the WBC world title. Ryan Garcia, Rolley Romero, Devin Haney, all of them Yanks can get it any day of the week and twice on Sundays. &gt;&gt; Let's bring in your dad, Nigel Ben. Where is he? &gt;&gt; Is he in the mix somewhere? Nigel Ben's over there. Let's bring in Nigel Ben alongside your son here, Nigel. We're live around the world. If you just turn around, Nigel, and face the cameras here. &gt;&gt; How proud are you of your son tonight witnessing what you just witnessed in the ring? &gt;&gt; I don't know. I'm going to get it. He's He's got one up on me, so you know. I know I'm going to get it, but I'm so proud of what he done tonight. And um he's stick to his game plan. He worked the body. You know, I I can't fault what he done. Unanimous decision. He done what he had to do. Now you can drop back down to 147. Win the WBC. Get rid of the Intercontinental stuff. Go have the real belt. Proud of your son. Well done, mate. &gt;&gt; Hearing those words, Connor, that your father's proud of you ultimately is that all that really matters. &gt;&gt; That's all that matters. I come in here tonight and all that matters is my dad, me, my old man, the family feud. There was a lot of pressure on me to to settle it tonight. I felt the pressure. Not from the world, not from anyone, but I just wanted to do the family name proud. And like I've completed it, mate. &gt;&gt; I've completed it, mate. &gt;&gt; Forget everything else. It will forever look. &gt;&gt; It will forever be in history. What? One nil. &gt;&gt; Do you have a final message, Connor, before we bring in promote ready for everyone who came out tonight? &gt;&gt; Um, &gt;&gt; I don't even know what you said. &gt;&gt; A final message to everyone who who came out tonight and witnessed another special occasion. &gt;&gt; A big thank you to everyone. I won't be the man I am. I won't be the fighter I am. It's been some some journey we've been through adversity. &gt;&gt; We've been through everything and we're only just getting started. Seems like this is special for the whole family here in the ring for you tonight as well, Connor. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Didn't even see you there. Where did you sneak in? &gt;&gt; I don't know. I'm so proud of you. [laughter] &gt;&gt; We'll bring in promoter Eddie. Ed was just letting the pictures tell the story there. Look, it's a family affair and it's wonderful to see wonderful to see the respect between Chris and Connor, but what did you make of his performance? &gt;&gt; I mean, you're crying. I'm not crying, Jamie. I mean, that this is this is what it's all about. People don't understand Connor Ben left Australia to pursue his boxing career, you know, firstly with Ricky Hatton and then of course with Tony Sims and he gave up everything back home to live the dream of his journey. And uh you know he's a great example to people who might not a be able to see a way back &gt;&gt; last year or so. There was no way back for Connor Ben. He was down and out. You know, he had bills coming out of his ears. And you know, we're in this month of November at the moment and people need to realize he's an inspiration for those people. He he was done. The world was against him. He had no money. He was fighting cases. He was putting everything he had up for sale to try and win his case. He won that appeal. came back. He boxed Chris Eubank Jr. twice and tonight he won by a landslide. It was a great boxing performance. It was a very different fight. But now we do what his dad did, which is now dropped down to 147 and try and win a world title there. I believe he's going to do it. The whole team deserves unbelievable credit. Tony Sims took this young man on as a complete novice. We watched his professional debut at the O2. We were a little bit worried if he was there was going to be fight number two. He's just filled Tottenham twice and now he's going to go and fight for a world title. Tony and the team deserve a lot of credit, but this young man works very, very hard. From a man that comes from, you know, some might say a privileged upground, to be as tough as that is, to have that kind of work ethic and drive and hustle, he's some man. And I tell you what, like I said, to people out there that are struggling, he was done. He was done and he found a way back. And look at him now. He's on top of the world.