Kind: captions Language: en What Connor has to do in this fight is be massively aggressive, massively angry. I keep saying it. He has to be that. But it has to be effective aggression. He can't be wild with it. Otherwise, he'll pay the price. He will. And the pay the price, I mean, he will be exhausted after seven, eight rounds if he doesn't get it right. But if he gets it right, you got an older man there who doesn't punch like he used to. And he could get him on his on the heels under pressure and maybe panicking and maybe get that stoppage. But I think it's a big ass for him. I really do. You mentioned that Iron Barkley fight that was just down the road from where Conor Ben had his last fight, of course. Yeah. And he went 12 rounds for the first time. And look, he said he wanted to knock Peter Dobson out in one round. But the fact he went the full 36 minutes, do you think that'll be something he's he's pretty happy with now heading into this week? No, not really because they're just average performances. Listen, you can't dress up. We just got to tell you as it is. your average performances and they went to the high standard he'd been setting beforehand but ultimately he won and when you're winning on not good nights it tells you everything you need to know about the fighter if you can win on average nights and win well as he done wasn't a good performance I said it was average but he won well be wasn't close you know my train so my train used to have a saying he's from Trinidad and he used to say better to win ugly than to lose pretty may well Ultimately winning is everything. So and totally right once you winning is an art in itself and it's a habit by the way. So you know cuz it changes your mind you know when even though you don't win even when you box under perform and you still get that win it means you can find your way through. Believe you me when he gets in the ring on Saturday night he will be so sharp it will be like it's two different what was in against again in the last two. It will be a a it's a different animal. He'll be so sharp so reactive. his whole world is on this fight and it's also the same with Chris Juan Jr. Their whole lives have brought them to this moment. Listen, no matter what they do after this, right, if they go on to win Worldaw, they're going to be remembered for what happens on Saturday night. That's this is their defining moment in their whole career. And it's very rare you can say that about a fighter that you before it's happened that you know this is their defining moment. I knew when man was very well known when his was. He might not want to think it is you right now. I might believe it but believe you me this is both David Bing moments on Saturday night. It's interesting what he's doing here. How are you saying for the last few days? Well on what you've been saying how important is to stay low but staying low takes a lot of energy cuz it's all your legs. You got to bend those legs and engage those big muscles in your body. But to stay low gives you the option to do this. So explosive party like there's a tell there's a semicircle on the front of your body. So that's the that's the area you have to master to win the fight. And for for planet to stay low and move around that semicircle in front of the body is going to be so important for him cuz that that won't allow Chris Junior to set his feet. And with that that means Connor can alone with his punches in a relatively safe place. Plus the angle of looking up, which means he can punch through the middle and use those legs to come through the shots rather than just throw the arms. And to do that, he'll not just balance sharp. So sh and I don't say that cuz of the punches cuz he's put nothing in them punches. It's the movement. It's the fluidity and the explosiveness off the legs. Like Bar talked about, it's so hard to get low. Mike Tyson used to be perfect and against bigger guys, you need now. He goes in there with the Tyson approach. It's it's intriguing and like I said before, Chris Schumank ain't holding this boy off for six rounds. The question for me is can you absorb what he's going to give you in six rounds? That's the question. But but if he can't get Chris out there early, he has to do the hard work, but he is going to tire quite guaranteed the way if he's going to do that go low and and explode into shots then then not Connor's going to untie. That's guaranteed. No one can do it as well. But he's got to hope that his punches or his and his his his aggression and his pressure tires Chris with it. So if he can do that, tire Chris also, then they're pretty much at the same level. So he, you know, he can go on and be more successful. But if he can tire Chris, if you can intimidate him with the pressure, the punches can hurt him or make him panic. Then after seven rounds, he does become a two a two a fight of two halves. Do you think Chris can get tired in this fight? Most definitely. I can tired him out just by out just by being on him. Chris can't Chris Chris can't the punches used to before he has to box in spurts more. He always did but more than ever before. He can't throw 15 punches anymore. You got to throw in fours and threes. How many rounds do you think Connor Ben can be relentless for out of 12, eight, nine? Well, I think I I think young. He is young, but the way he explodes and a bigger guy who could have maybe absorbed the shots maybe, not the wrong the face, just around the body in general. If no, if we're talking about bigger guys, they tend to swallow the punches a little bit better. And depends how much you had or had kind of hits by them. And that's the that's the thing. How do you expect the power to carry up then on I just think he I don't think it's that's been the big question. It's not the one shot power, it's the explosiveness of the shot. He won't see the shot. And that for me is more than any amount of power. If you don't see it, you're just Jay, you've got to understand like you've got no say. If you get hit with a punch, you don't see literally 2.5 lb of square pressure on the right point, you go down. Like that's not my opinion. That's science. If it hits the right, you just drop. Like you you just you open your eyes, your gloves are on the floor, you're down. And that that's happened to me on a number of occasions. But I just think Christian Junior is not going to hold them off. So, so I can't see what do see Liam Smith back caught back back Eubank against the ropes because Liam Smith know a more intimidating figure because he slide he he puts his chest over the front foot and he'll faint but he'll slide forward and the front foot put you under the pressure. I'm not sure Connor doesn't have the same smarts as Ne Smith in my opinion. So he's going to have to explode in the shot. So, I'm not sure how he'd get him back into the ropes because you jump into his attacks which puts Chris on the on the on the back foot, but allows Chris to spin off and get back into the center of the ring. Possibly. Possibly. This is all like theoretically. We haven't got a clue. One half of your main event brought to you by Ring Magazine. Fatal Fury, City of the Wolves. Connor Ben makes his way into the studio. [Music] Embraces Tony Bell. Conor, how are you, sir? Good, mate. Good to see you, mate. Very, very well. Beard's looking fantastic. Big smile on your face. How are you enjoying the whole mate? Just lapping up. I'm enjoying it, man. Excited to be here. Excited to be back on these shores, man. In terms of the energy that's come your way in the whole buildup. How have you dealt with that and and all the verbals that have come from that man? If looks good, kill by the way, but how have you dealt with all the energy that has come from Chris Eubank Jr.? I don't think anything of it. I ain't going to have I don't think nothing of it at all. You know, he's an opponent. That's it. Barry Connor, where we talk about fights like this. You know, all the training goes right for both that you're fit and as strong as you could possibly be. It's pressure. Cope with pressure. How do you deal with that yourself? You have some sort of man. You know, you'll know what pressure is. A 19year-old kid moving from Australia to the UK, walking out to a Pac to arena with no amateur background. That's pressure. So would you draw on that? Yeah. I mean, listen, ultimately every fighter dreams are getting to this stage, you know, and I've worked extremely hard. This isn't 6 months work. This isn't 6 weeks work. This is 10 years, you know, and I've done it too many times now. For it to be an accident or be a chance. This is who I am. I live for this, you know. So for me, I don't feel no pressure at all. You know, I'm going to go in there and do what I do. How it are you, Connor, to get in the ring on Saturday night? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I wish I was fighting tonight, but it's just one of them things where this is all now just long and I just want to get in there now. That's it really. Man, I spoke to Eubank yesterday. You won't care what he says, but all he was saying was the procedure will be parliamentary that he's a better fighter than you in every single department. this win on Saturday. Truly, if all goes to plan for you, have you thought about that emotion and truly what this victory will mean to you? Answer to the Ben. I don't know what the question is, but I get hold of him.