Kind: captions Language: en And it's ONE OF THE BIGGEST RECEPTIONS in any arena this year. [Applause] Wow. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Introducing first, fighting out of the red corner. He weighed in at 263.1 lbs. Wearing black and white trunks, HE HAS 22 FIGHTS, 20 wins with two defeats. He's the former North American and WBC silver heavyweight champion from Montreal, Quebec, THE LION, ARSLANBEK MAKHMUDOV. AND HIS OPPONENT ACROSS THE RING, BOXING OUT OF THE BLUE CORNER. HE WEIGHED IN AT 259.1 LBS. Wearing blue and gold, 33 fights, 24 WINS, SEVEN DEFEATS, AND two draws. HE'S FROM DONCASTER. PLEASE WELCOME DONCASTER'S OWN THE WHITE RHINO, DAVID ALLEN, THE WHITE RHINO, DAVID ALLEN. OKAY, BOYS, TO THE COLD BACK AND I EXPECT YOU TO TAKE one step back. I don't want to see any deliberate punches on the back of the head. Protect yourselves at all times. Touch gloves. Deane, if you can't take those shots, they're going to make a mark, aren't they? &gt;&gt; Oh, look at this heavy hands. Oh, good right hand. From Makhmudov, trying to crack David Allen top of the head. And the right from Makhmudov. And that was a big one, BUT DAVID ALLEN JUST WALKED THROUGH IT. He took that. That was increased, hasn't it? That was but that left hook wasn't. Just starting to rough up Makhmudov. Jab into the body, then look for the right hand over the top. I mean, this is a massive opportunity for Makhmudov, right? Oh. If he stops David Allen here from Makhmudov. Where are the flurries from David Allen? Jamie Moore might have to get a little bit more heated in that blue corner. Cuz the rounds are ticking by and Makhmudov is well in front. There is the point off though. He has been doing it. Oh, good shot. That's right hand from Allen. Gumshield out. Knocked out of Makhmudov. He just looks a bit sorry for himself on the ropes. Wants the gumshield back in. Do you know what? Allen caught Allen caught him with the fingers then. Didn't even turn hand over and he felt that shot. David Allen just waits. Snotty Makhmudov body shot just under the elbow from Allen who continually walks forward. Punches. And wow. And he's still going. AGAIN, HE HOLDS MAKHMUDOV. STEVE GRAY OH, good shot. &gt;&gt; Lovely right hand. He's boxed really well in this round, Makhmudov. I think he's boxed really well tonight. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he has. Under pressure. Away from it. As Barry said it earlier, he just can't keep taking these Oh, GOOD RIGHT HAND. SUDDENLY, HE'S HAVING A MOMENT. LATE. HE'S GOT THE weirdest balance, Makhmudov. You think he's all over the place, but actually he's fine, isn't he? I mean, there's a clean shot, he felt it. The problem when he's back to us, I thought he was going to he was going to fall. That's fair enough. I think he might be having his head wobbled, BUT ANOTHER POINT OFF. WELL, THAT'S IN DAVID ALLEN'S FAVOR. But the clock is against him. Big right hand from Allen. Oh, good left hook. GOING FOR IT HERE. HE'S MOVED well there, Makhmudov. DAVID ALLEN HAVING HIS MOMENTS FOR THIS CROWD. But Arslanbek Makhmudov HAS NAVIGATED THESE 12 ROUNDS REALLY WELL, utilizing that amateur experience to BOX HIS WAY. OH, BIG SHOTS. HE'S so desperate, David Allen, but it is over and Arslanbek Makhmudov has won that fight, won it clearly, and David Allen ran out of time and he's absolutely exhausted on the ropes. He gave it everything, but I think it was that accumulation of punches maybe first half of the fight and the energy tanks weren't there as they wanted them to be. I just think, you know, the just the smartness of Makhmudov. Now, you wouldn't ob- ob- say that about him, but I just think punching neat down the line and and Allen's just not inability cuz he can do it, but he didn't have the willingness to want to move his head cuz he put one into the body, everything. Showed he had a good chin and walked him down. And Makhmudov showed the better energy, but I don't think anyone expected it. He's the athlete he possibly can be, but he's exhausted in the last round. And and Makhmudov was just better tonight. He's the stronger, bigger guy and he's just way he's got to work, Dave. Was there anything that surprised you tonight, Carl, from Makhmudov? Not Not really surprised. I think he was better tonight than I thought he was going to be. I thought he was outstanding tonight, but I think David made it easy for him at times. You know, we were complaining to the referee a lot from our position here about how much it was Makhmudov was holding, but David was smaller and he was working Allen the whole round and kicking him in his face. [Music] Ladies and gentlemen, after 12 rounds of action, we go to your judges' score cards. Bob Williams scores the contest 115-111. John Robert Lane scores the contest 116-110. And Pavel Cardini scores the contest 117-109. All three in favor of your winner by unanimous decision, THE LION, ARSLANBEK MAKHMUDOV. [Applause] [Music] Arslanbek Makhmudov gets the victory away from home, deservedly so. David Allen applauding and respecting the opponent that he wanted to challenge, but he wasn't good enough tonight. Makhmudov boxed really well, showed us something a little bit different. Brave, spirited effort from the pair of them. Great action. Arslanbek, we're all live on DAZN. Congratulations, Arslanbek. A big win for you in away territory. What does this win mean for you in your life and career right now? Guys, sorry. Sorry. Everyone, sorry. I beat your guy. You're favorite boxer, I know. But I said before fight, you guys going to love me. What I want to say? You going to love me. Because of I respect your this guy. I love the brave guy, crazy chin. I never saw in my life heart like lion's heart like this guy, to be honest, wallah. I swear to God. This guy, Dave. Thank you, bro. You're lion, brother. I'm lion, you're lion, too. You're lion. &gt;&gt; He's He's a very good man. The scariest looking man I've ever seen, but he's a sweetheart. Thank you. Brother. Uh before fight, I cannot be nice, sorry, bro. Because we I know we have to this fight it's not time to be nice, but after fight, I always with all my uh opponents, I like best because we did like maybe historical fight in uh in UK first time in my life. Guys, I love you because you guys best fans in the in the world. You understand boxing very well. Thank you, bro. Allah bless you. It's feasible. I want to say thank God. Alhamdulillah. Give me this opportunity. Give me this win. I start, guys, from very very small village in Dagestan, Russia. From Mozdok, from Sulak, Kizlyar, and Bashlam Bashlam Kalinina. I go in the Moscow, start in Moscow. I go in Azerbaijan. After going to Canada, I did long way to be here, guys. Got to understand. It's not easy. Uh Thank God. I want to say first of all, thank my my God. Alhamdulillah. After I want to say thank my parents for pray for me. They pray a lot for me. My family. All my family. I want to say thank you for organize fight, Camille Estephan. My coaches, Mark, Sean, Sam. Guys, you are best. I love you, guys. I never said that, but now is good time. Yeah. Thank you, guys, again. I want to to my boxing. Thank you. Just quickly, Arslanbek, before we bring Dave back. I know Eddie Hearn is watching live in America. How does a fight between yourself and Anthony Joshua sound? Is that a fight that you're interested in? Yes. Hey, Anthony Joshua, where are you going? I go for you, guy. I go for you, brother. I go to be honest with you because we spoke already with with him in Instagram. Give me words. You going to fight with me next year. I ready, brother. I just did fight with great UK fighter Dave Allen. Brother now it's my brother. Not not opponent anymore. Uh Anthony Joshua let me know when brother I'm ready. Okay, great stuff. Also, big congratulations to you. A big win for you tonight. Dave, we'll bring you back in if we can. Congratulations to Usyk Makhmudov. A big win for his career. Big nights await him. And that was always the story, the pot of gold that awaited the winner. And tonight that is Usyk Makhmudov. Good. Dave, um commiserations, Dave. What what didn't go correctly or to plan tonight? &gt;&gt; The top and bottom is I'm not good enough. Um he's like top 20 in the world. I'm not. Simple as that, really. Uh he was too big and too good. Uh that was fair. I trained hard. Jamie and Nigel did everything that was asked of me. Um just not good enough. And that's all right. It's a bitter pill to swallow. I've had to swallow it eight times. So, you get used to it, but I just weren't good enough. But the crowd in here tonight I've never ever ever seen anything like it. I was I couldn't I nearly cried, but I got I had to I had to really uh choke it all back a little bit there on the ramp there. Um I'm not finished. How did you assess the power of Usyk Makhmudov tonight? I've never been hit like that in my life. He hurt me He hurt me really really bad five or six times. Jamie wanted to pull me out. Uh I think two rounds to go. And with the prize in the clock, mate, I'm not a quitter. Like I'm not a quitter. I'm a tough man. I've never been down in 34 fights. I boxed the best. I wanted to see Everyone who come out here tonight I had to see the final bell. But I had to. I had to see the final bell. If nothing else I was going to get put out on my back or go or reach the final bell. And I wish I could have fought him going into one of the rounds. I just weren't good enough. And that hurts a little bit, but I'll be back over the British title. Maybe try and do British away. I don't know, but I'm not finished yet. But nights like that you you How could I leave it alone? He was incredible. And thank you very Everyone here, everyone at home. I'm so grateful. I'm not the best, but you guys make me feel like I'm the best. So, thank you very much. Thank you, Jamie Nigel. Pat, Roger, Frank, Ed, Kerry, Carl, Joe Aiden, Joe Howard, Gary, the missus, OBVIOUSLY. BETTY AND GEORGE, GET TO BED. DAVE, COMMISERATIONS, but congratulations. You're still the people's champion.