Kind: captions Language: en The people's [Applause] champ. Here is the 6'5 big man fighting out of Rockford Essex England. He is the reigning defender undefeated WBA in the title heavyweight champion the third Johnny of the fight sorry you're right Sunny but that right hand there if you can time it Johnny Fisherand and the right hand at the end of the first but I think Allan needs to get that psych motion as he's coming forward just even there but the biggest trying to move his shoulder I think the gas for a lot of the time is going to be as Dave steps in on his foot getting his jab going so does a cracking tail but so is good body shot from Fisher and Allan just here in the first 30 seconds of the third he was really troubled by that he was saying it was Oh, in the plan to impose the size in the fight. He's landed a couple of good hooks there, Dave Alan. Good job off the work. You throw in doubles and trebles. It's more you got to regroup. It's difficult to get target and oh cut as well. This is good work from Johnny Fisher. Allen they come. Oh, and a left hand back with swing this way. And that is third round. Fisher that energy against a guy who takes a really good shot from Fisher. He's looking loose and languid and his punches are getting home and Allan has been caught more often than in the first sort of walking impact. Well, I think it's the whole tactic is to tie off Fisher. They think Gabo that's oh right hand and Fisher. Well, it just missed by Whisker and Bucky. Quite a heavy punch. It's going to be hard to key out for Fisher I think for 10 rounds position where Johnny Fish is kind of doing the other side is really trying to put in a body shot. He's back on the ropes. Oh no. Wow. Johnny shakes it off the heavyweight. Oh, Johnny plays all about drama here in the fifth round. And it is almost a mirror image of whatever it is. He's got in the fifth round just about a few seconds left in the round to jump out here. [Applause] Christian. It is a massive win. Calls a halt to this contest. The official time of the stoppage. 3 minutes from round number five. declaring you winner by TKO and the new WBA Intercontinental Heavyweight Champion, the White Rhino, Dazzling Dave Allen. [Applause]