Kind: captions Language: en tonight against Ariel Astabban Brakamonte who is pretty much a novice Argentine heavyweight. &gt;&gt; Another win quite frankly, another win and uh move on to to his next one. I'm really looking forward to to seeing Dave fight for titles. I really am. &gt;&gt; You're not the only one looking forward to it as well. The crowd here not far from where he hails from in Yorkshire across the penines getting into good mood. I think we can cross to our master of ceremonies, David Deiamonte, to introduce Dave the White Rhino Allan. &gt;&gt; And now, ladies and gentlemen, entering the arena from Carnesburgh, the White Ram [Music] Allen. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] All right. [Applause] Ladies and gentlemen, from the Manchester Arena, we are set to go with a special heavyweight attraction. It's all being brought to you courtesy of Mr. Eddie Hearn's Natural Boxing sponsored by William Hill, Stub Up, and JD Sports. Your timekeeper is from Witness. It's Chris Oconor. And at the sound of the bell, your third man in the ring from Barry, AAR referee John Leam. Now, ladies and gentlemen, 10 rounds of boxing scheduled in the heavyweight division. Introducing first, fighting out of the red corner. He wears the white and light blue. He weighed in at 18 stone, 4 lb, 9 oz. His professional record, eight victories against only one defeat. He has five wins coming by way of knockout. Caviant [Music] Rakamonte Raamonte and his opponent across the ring fighting out of the blue. He wears white trunks with black trim and red roses. He scaled at a ready 18 stone 5 lb 4 oz. This twotime Commonwealth heavyweight title challenger has a professional record consisting of 15 victories. He has four defeats, two draws, and 12 wins coming by way of knockout. Formerly known as the Doncaster De La Hoya, but now known as the Doncaster Darren Barker, fighting out of Kisbro. Ladies and gentlemen, introducing the heavyhitting white rhino, Damon Allen. [Music] Allen, [Applause] right? You know what I expect from you both? You obey me instructions at all times. When I tell you a break, you both break clean. Defend yourselves at all times. And the best luck to you both. Touch gloves. the Doncaster Darren Barker. If you're wondering about that, there's been a full-blown bromance has broken out between David Allen and Darren Barker. And that's the playful side of Alan. But I like what I'm seeing in here, Matt, because he looks really focused. He looks really zoned in. And the reason I said what I said during the ring walk is because when we spoke to him yesterday in a fighter meeting, he admitted to us that success scares him. And there are plenty of people in that bracket. And what it means is that they're frightened to totally commit to the idea of wanting something and putting everything on the line and trying their absolute hardest because then if you come up short, you're stuck with what is frankly an unpalatable truth that maybe you're just not good enough. But he's at that stage of his career now where he's showed us how tough he is. He showed us he can box and he needs to try and be a winner. Praise made a pretty lively start here though. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he has done. But you know, good head movement from Dave Allen. He's slipping and sliding. He's shown in all of his fights really, Dave Allen, that he's got good ability, but in his last win when he he landed that spectacular right hand to get the knockout. I mean, from that you you want to build serious momentum and we want to see him go in and become the bride, not always the bridesmaid because he's good enough to and we just want to see him push on now and and make the best of himself. &gt;&gt; Good start here from Bracka Monte. Decent record of course, eight wins, one defeat. He hasn't faced any particularly significant opposition but took a good scalp in his third fight being a 5-0 fighter in Fakundo Cesar Gillion. But he's come to have a go here. Certainly he has. Most of these shots are missing. This is good defense. Good good good upper body movement. He's parrying the shots. He's slipping and sliding them, riding them. Good head movement from Dave Allen. [Music] moved into a new place recently. Allan deposit earned through boxing which was a box tick. That was something that he really wanted to achieve through his sporting career. &gt;&gt; I like how relaxed Dave Allen is. You know, he's not loading up. He's not tense. He's not stiff. And and you know, that's why he's uh head movement is as good as it is. He's relaxed. He's uh he's able to see the shots coming. He's got good peripheral vision. He's got good anticipation. You see him slipping the shot there and also closing the distance with his feet as he does it, which means he's in a position to not only has it been a good defensive move, but he's put himself in a position to now work the body shots or slip the uppercuts through the middle. Good jab there from Allen. &gt;&gt; Jab's a good shot for him. It's an underrated shot for him. I think you wouldn't necessarily think that he would have one given his height, but that's some good body work there. It was a left to the body to put down [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in his last fight, but that left was low. It was definitely low. He was on our blind side and we could still see that it was low. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that was without a doubt that one certainly strayed very south of the border. Shame. But before that, he landed a couple of good body shots and and and started to use his jab very effectively. &gt;&gt; So the referee can give Breaka Monte as long as 5 minutes to recover here. fighters never ever take that long. I sometimes wonder whether they shouldn't just on the side of caution a bit, but it's a macho thing. They want to get back in there as quick as they can. And Bracka Monte fires off a decent combination, but Allan tucking up, bobbing, weaving, gloves up where they should be. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean, he's probably winning the round here, Bracka Monte, cuz he started so positively. He's thrown so many punches and and Allan's making him miss with a lot. He's slipping and sliding. He's blocking. But I just think the work rate of Rick Many has just been a &gt;&gt; good uppercut there from Allan right at the end of the round. That was a decent shot. Got the crowd going, but it's been an entertaining first round. Our visitor from Argentina has come to give this a crack. No doubt about it, which is what you want. [Applause] Keeping down the jab. Keep working your way but move your leg more. &gt;&gt; Okay. Just taking a bit too many. Get your jab going up inside. [Music] All right. Keeping down the jab and bring your shots up middle. Marston there with the advice. Those two very close &gt;&gt; and there's that low blow. Wow, that practically hit him in the knee. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that was very low. There was no disputing that one. There's a lovely uppercut. He puts some really good shots together when he does let the hands go, Dave Allen. You can see this the uh the quality is there. I really like his head movement, too. He's nice and relaxed. &gt;&gt; Good jab to start the round. Left to the body, then left upstairs. Right hand was pretty much bang on the belt line. There's a bit of blood coming from somewhere, maybe on the end of the nose there of Braka Monte. &gt;&gt; Good left hand on the inside there from the Argentinian. Massive right aim there by Alan, but took his way back nicely. Bracka Monte swayed out of the way. And is that another low blow? The referee says no. Brakamonte was complaining. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I don't think that one was low. It was kind of borderline. But he landed some good body shots here, Alan. And he's looking for the left hook, too. Brackamante blocking it. But the left hook is is there. He is susceptible to a left hook. Backante. &gt;&gt; One thing the referee has to bear in mind here is that the belt that Bracka Monte has got on his shorts is about a foot long. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I like the way Dave Allen buries his power. You know, he throws a few pitter patter shots and then he then he really sort of digs it in. I like the way he does that. It's really uh it's good to not be one one paced or you know predictable and even to vary the power. It &gt;&gt; was a good right hand though from Bracka Monte 20 25 seconds ago that snuck up the middle and made contact. We know that Allan can take a shot. Brackamonte looks like he's found him a few times. Allan just leaning on there tapping away. Then there comes the uppercut looking left hand. &gt;&gt; Yeah, good uppercut. Left hook on the inside. Like I say, good head movement as he walks forward. I like the way when he slips and slides the shot. He doesn't just he he moves forward with it. He closes the distance as he slips the shot. He gets himself into position where he's he's safe, but he's also in a position to let go of his own shots. Good right hands there from Bracka Monte. There's blood coming from his mouth. I think that's from an injury to the nose. He's put some good punches together. Allan climbing into a left hand. [Music] Yep, there's Alan with those kind of tippy tappy shots. Almost jabs with the right hand sometimes. Just puts it out there and he'll throw three or four at a very kind of tip tap kind of power and then bangs a few shots in like the right hand and the body shot that we see there. That was a solid right hand, but comes back again here. Landed a big right hand and then another one as Alan was back on the ropes. He doesn't really blink there now, Alan, but he's been fed a pretty steady diet of uh solid looking punches here at times. &gt;&gt; Yeah, was just praising Dave Allen's work and Bragamante come back with some big power shots of his own. Good body shot going in there from Bragamante. &gt;&gt; And it's a good fight this. It's an entertaining fight to watch. Very difficult to know exactly what you're going to get when you look at the record of someone like Bracka Monte because it really doesn't tell you anything at all. But he's come here to win. This is a massive platform for him as well. Smearing right hand, but as soon as he landed it there, Alan Brakamonte came back and that's been the theme of the fight so far. It's going to be the first David Allen up on the big screen again. This his fifth appearance on Sky Sports box office. And really when he lands, that's when he seems to be in the most trouble. Allan, it didn't happen there, but during that round he he'd land a good shot and then Bracka Monte would come straight back at him. Yeah, I mean I'm at times I'm praising Dave Allen that he's nice and relaxed and he slips and slides and and that's true, but then sometimes it's a fine line between being relaxed and being laxidasical and sometimes he's just a little bit too laxidasical and he gets caught with uh with shots. I mean I've had him lose in the first two rounds. There were close rounds though. There was no it wasn't dominated or anything like that but I think Braami landed probably the hardest shots and a little bit busier but um &gt;&gt; yeah I mean it's been a a good fight so far. and just looking to put out that jab protecting himself to the body. There's the uppercut. Good uppercut straight up the middle. &gt;&gt; Yeah, just touched him around the sides and then really planted his feet and dug that right up right up the middle. &gt;&gt; His percentage success of that uppercut has been pretty high so far. Rakamonte just popping out his left hand. Doesn't really have a stiff jab on him for somebody of his height. Uppercut on the inside though. Good punch. &gt;&gt; Good for Ragamonte. &gt;&gt; Allan goes to left hook to the body. Ragamante chops the left hook upstairs. &gt;&gt; Good right hand from Braamante. &gt;&gt; Some good work here from the Argentinian again. And Allan just trying to take his feet back, but the right hand gets through &gt;&gt; and the left hand on the inside. He's trying to bob and weave, but Raka Monte is finding him with regularity here. Allan just trying to climb into a left hook, but he's under pressure there back in the blue corner. in his own corner. &gt;&gt; Little bit of swelling around the left eye maybe. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean he's bobbing and weaving. He's slipping and sliding some of these shots. But he's got to come back. He can't let Bragamonte get off with five, six. Yeah. Okay. Slip and slide. One, two, maybe even three. But then you've got to come back with something. He's letting Bragamonte unload five, six, seven, eight punches and inevitably he maybe miss it. He's getting out the way of the first few, but then he's getting hit with punch five, six, and seven. Nice uppercut from Braami there on the inside. Well, caught by a couple on the way. Big left hand there from Allan. The gum shield almost came out there of Breaamonte. He was just rocked back onto his heels, but he took it pretty well. &gt;&gt; Yeah, big left hook there from Allen, but Breamanti seems to have shrugged it off. He took it well. Good body shot going in from Allan. &gt;&gt; Looking for the uppercut again there. The Argentinian didn't quite manage to land it. He's busy with his hands though. &gt;&gt; Our visitor, he really is. He's good to watch. right hands there and now they're just looking to wade in left hand followed by right bangs him back onto the ropes rocking and rolling he's all over the place the corner have got that tower there and he's very very unsteady back on the ropes again to land one more big one and the referee will jump in here left followed by right John Leam's having a very very close look &gt;&gt; if he can a little bit tired here I think a braante look at him sets his feet deep in a couple of upper cuts and I think has just about managed to ride this out. &gt;&gt; Big heart here from the Argentinian. He's seems to have weathered the storm. &gt;&gt; Well, terrific round. Terrific round from both of them. Frakamonte looked absolutely gone when he was caught with that big right hand. He really did. And Allan was pursuing him. He caught him a few more times, but just not quite cleanly enough. The referee was having a really good look and then when he turned in that blue corner Braka Monty, he just found something. &gt;&gt; He was gone. Andy, legs were completely gone. I thought it was over for him. Allan, there's that big left hook. Gum shield nearly out of his mouth. He was absolutely rocked to his feet. Big right hand. Legs gone. I thought Allan was going to finish him. I thought the ref was going to stop. He was certainly looking very closely. I think at one stage he was going to jump in. He was he managed to get hold of Allan there and smother him and tie him up and just weather the storm, clear his head a little bit. Did very very well to stay in there. The Argentinian &gt;&gt; Carlos Deg Greco in the corner there with Ariel Estabban Bramont as Volvo Reandonaro as well. They come over with a little bit of a crew which is always a sign that there's some ambition. He's always looking for that uppercut. Big smearing overhand right there again from Allan. That was the punch that he put Nick Webb away with. And he eats the right hand on his way in there. Alan &gt;&gt; and this is good stuff here for a right hand. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Big shots going in here from both men. I thought Allan got hit with a good few shots from Brazant, but then Allan came out with a big right hand that rocked the Argentinian. Both of them just taking a little bit of a breather after an explosive start to the round. Allan just tapping to the body looking for that uppercut. Every now and again though when he's moving in there he's just kind of walking in. He'll drop his hand, stand in range and that's the open invitation for Brackamonte to let his hands go that the tempo's dropped a bit and Allan there with a very labored tide looking left hand and a right hand there too. And both of these two showing signs that they seriously gassing here in the course. &gt;&gt; Yeah, both men very fatigued. They've both had their moments. They've both hurt the other guy. And when they have, they've thrown the kitchen sink. They've completely unloaded, expended an awful amount of energy. And now they need to kind of suck up and get a second win. Braamante landing two big right hooks there. One after the other. &gt;&gt; Oh, big right hand from hand up. A big overhand right there from Alan Braamonte. Took it fine. In close he goes. Just taps to the body. Looks to let one go with a bit more meat on it. But that's exactly what I'm talking about. He's just standing in range there. Half range. He's now The uppercut though nice left hook there and that just seems to get Brea slightly off balance but again he sucks it up. &gt;&gt; I think Bragamant is hurt enough here that Allan if he could find the punches and put them together he could get the finish but I just don't think he has the gas after the last few onslaught to do this and he's got to be careful if he goes for the finish and doesn't get it he might be completely spent. Yeah, very fatigued here Dave Allen. He's heard Brager Monte, but he can't doesn't seem to have the energy to put a sequence of punches together in order to force the stoppage. &gt;&gt; Right hand there from Alan just leaning on looking for that uppercut once again. But Rakamonte just rips back with a left hand closing stages of round four. And you got to wonder about the conditioning and training because Allan admits that he doesn't always train hard. And &gt;&gt; if he's going to continue in this sport, then he's going to need to. &gt;&gt; He's got talent, Andy. He slips and slides. He's nice and relaxed. He covers the canvas. He's got good anticipation and peripheral vision. He varies the power. There's an awful lot to like about David Allen's uh boxing, but you know, he's hurt Bragamonti several times. Really rocked him. He's gone for the the finish, not got it. And then you look, you know, he's gassed. He can't go again because he's got to be careful of punching himself out here. &gt;&gt; Touch of gloves between the two at the end of the round. Allan landing a a crisp crunching straight right towards the end of it. And this is turning into a very grueling, gritty kind of a fight now. Those heavy shots have been landed by both of these two. Punch resistance is not a problem for Adam. We know that. &gt;&gt; Great uppercut there for Braam Monte. Landed some really good stuff on the inside. I was having the better of the action and then bang, Alan comes back with a big right hand. So I think we see it there. Left hook shook Bragamonte. And then he puts a series of punches, a sequence of shots together. Rocks the Italian fighter. But you know, he's got to be careful Alan here when he does hurt him, when he does go for the finish that he doesn't punch himself out. you do worry about how well conditioned or or or lack of conditioning that he has because he he he's really shook Braamonte several times. Put some big shots together and then you know a couple of seconds moments after he looks fairly gassed out. &gt;&gt; Well, he stayed on his feet &gt;&gt; between rounds. David Allen and out we come for the fifth is scheduled for 10. You wouldn't bet an awful lot of money on it going 10, but you just never know because as you've been saying, Matt, when one of them looks on the verge of going or being in trouble, then they just manage to dig in somehow. And as I said, we know that David Allen can take a shot. But just because you can take one, it doesn't mean you should take one. But what happens at the start of the round here and have just had a minute's rest. They both can come out and there's a bit they're landing some fairly good shots. Braammani landing the good uppercuts when Allen kind of ducks low and tries to slip and roll underneath. Braamante lands good opposition. There's a lovely right hand. &gt;&gt; That's a good right hand of Breaonte. Immediately looks to try and tuck up there, but comes back with a left just as Allan was trying to close in. Maybe sniffed a bit of an opportunity. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean Allan has a good chin. He's relaxed. He has belief and uh and confidence in his own anticipation to read the shot and ride the shot. Has his hands a little low at times, but he uses good upper body movement. Nice right hand there from Allan. But um yeah, I mean he just at times here he looks really good when he puts them together and other times he looks like he's really tired. [Music] &gt;&gt; Alan with a little left hand and then just leaning on. &gt;&gt; Had the distance there but it was Rakamonte who just sunk back into the ropes and threw a left hand himself. &gt;&gt; Yeah, good body shot. Both men look absolutely knackered. mouth wide open, blood, drip, spits all flying all over the place. I mean, it's we're only halfway through this fight and both look so tired. Well, this now really just comes down to a battle of wills. Boxing is one of the few sports left really where how much you want it still counts for a massive amount. And who whoever wants this more is going to win. It's as simple as that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I think it's being cute and clever with your punches. Now you you're kind of running on the red a little bit. You've got to be economical with your shots. You don't want to be wasting unnecessary energy. You want to energy output that you use up now. You want it to be quality. You want it to to get something, put something in the bank, do damage. You know, the kind of this is getting untidy now as both men getting very tired. &gt;&gt; Well, Allan just kind of leaning on Baamonte and I think he's having a little bit of success when he does that. just trying to push him around a little bit. But then when he takes a step back, as you say, the mouth is hanging wide open. But it's Allan really in terms of body language here towards the end of this round who looks like maybe he's getting on top just uh just a little bit. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think so, Andy. I mean, his experience, I think, is going to hold him in goodstead here. They're both very fatigued, but I think Allan more experienced knowing when to rest, when to go for it. Good left hook. Good body shots going in from Allan. Braant is very tired as he &gt;&gt; right hand there from Breaonte at the end of the round. We're halfway through this one. Let's go backstage. Josh Kelly. He's up next and he's backstage with Fraser Benson. &gt;&gt; Third outing of 2018. It's been a good year for you, hasn't it? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's been quality, man. Um just building up some momentum now. Get the end of the year and be be good. &gt;&gt; How important is it for you to keep putting on good performances like you're hopefully going to do tonight? I will I will put a good performance on tonight and um it's it's major important to me to my development and um to the team and moving forward. So um I'm looking forward to it &gt;&gt; and keep things going for what could be a massive 2019 for you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. All goes well which it will this um this fight and next fight then 20 roll on 2019 is going to be massive. &gt;&gt; And how are you enjoying being parts of big shows like this? &gt;&gt; I love it. I come alive under the lights. I've got a little character switch and it comes out when I'm um when I'm on them lights. So um I can't wait. &gt;&gt; Thanks Josh. Oh god, chase me. &gt;&gt; Seconds out, &gt;&gt; round six. &gt;&gt; So into the second half of this one scheduled for 10. David Allen in the red and white. Ariel Breamonte in the light blue and white. The colors of Argentina. There's your scorecard, Matt. There's been some close rounds in there. You've given Allan the last three. So a single point advantage after five rounds. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think he looked a lovely right hand there. I think the tide's turned now. Bragamant to come out the blocks really quick. Started very fast first couple of rounds. Uh it's eb and flowed. He's had success. I mean within one round the tide has turned three or four times one way then back towards Allen, but I thought he's he looks to be on top now. &gt;&gt; Good left hand there to start the round from Alan. Came out and threw a couple of fence as well with his front foot. Good upper body movement there too. [Music] Yeah, he's shown good head movement throughout the fight, Alan. At this stage of a fight when both when both men are feeling it, feeling the pace and you're tired, it's a sickness to throw big shots like that and to miss. &gt;&gt; Just leaning on there, Alan. And Brackanti firing off a left hook. I think Alan I think Allan's experience Andy here now will allow him to kind of pop the jab out, slip and slide a little bit, little bit conserve things, maybe slow the pace down a little bit and allow a second win to come on. [Music] [Applause] &gt;&gt; He's just constantly walking down who again just looks to respond with a left hand. Allan with a a right hand over the top. didn't quite get through. &gt;&gt; Good goal prevail there from Bracken Monte. Nice straight right hand and the right cross from him too. &gt;&gt; Just short of the uppercut but it would have been a good one had it landed. &gt;&gt; And just tapping to the body then takes a step to the right. Bracken found an extra overhand right there again from Allan. Not too much on it. &gt;&gt; Oh, both men very tired. Allan's trying to conser conserve as much energy as possible here. Trying to catch a second wind. &gt;&gt; Nice little faint half step back. Especially when you're tired of fight like this, you your ber faints and you fall forward. [Music] I &gt;&gt; think both men look absolutely exhausted and they really do. &gt;&gt; Oh, big right hand from Allan. &gt;&gt; But again, just not that much on it. Rakavante was able to take it. &gt;&gt; Looking for that jab there, Alan. That'll be a good shot for him to try and get on that jab. That would be enough to to win him some rounds here because the punch output from both of these two has dropped dramatically. Yeah, just going to say Andy, the pace has completely dropped here and and it had to really. &gt;&gt; Well, let's go over to the other side of the ring. Andy Scots with Eddie Hearn. &gt;&gt; Eddie, great effort from both guys so far. Is Braa Monte more competitive than you thought he would be? &gt;&gt; Absolutely. But Dave is uh less fitter than I thought he'd be as well. Um it's worryingly brilliant at the moment. After four rounds, it was fantastic. And now it's a war of attrition between two guys that probably aren't fit for 10 rounds. Dave's, I think, won the last two or three rounds comfortably. Just got to keep going. He has nothing left in the tank. As you saw from the fighter meetings yesterday, he hasn't had what you would call a championship camp. And this is probably a good kick up the backside to show you that you can't be in this shape over 10 rounds. But he is tough. He can punch. He's out on his feet as are both guys. I have no idea what's going to happen. So, let's enjoy the last three. &gt;&gt; Brilliant. Well said. &gt;&gt; 10 seconds corners. Second down, &gt;&gt; round seven. &gt;&gt; Well, into the seventh and this is deep into uncharted territory for Brackamonte. Before tonight, he'd never been beyond four rounds. Allan, of course, as we know, did 10 with Dillian White went deep with Tony Yoka into the 10th. Seven with Lewis Ortiz, big overhand right there from Allan as Bracka Monte looked to come out aggressively and his nose has gone. Blood pouring out of that nose of Bracka Monte. I just wonder whether he came out with some real intent at the start of this round, Breakamonte, because he knows that he hasn't got much left in the tank. Allan knows that he will do and make Edian absolutely spot on there. He's not fit, Alan. He's not as fit as he should be. He's able to dig in because he's got that kind of character, but he has got to pick it up in the gym and stay in the gym and stay in shape and commit 100%. But that is an absolute bloody mask. It's a mess the face now of Raamonte. Yeah, I'm not sure if it's a C or is the is it the nose broken, but there's lots of blood here. Really is pumping a blood and he's struggling. Brega Monte, it makes sense that he never been past four rounds. When you think of how fast he came out, he came out like he was doing a four rounder out the speed of it. But yeah, Alan back on certainly on top here now and his experience I think is telling there's a cut on the bridge of the nose. I think I can see that as he's on the far side of the ring. sunk into the ropes away to our left a little bit alarmingly when you see these big men list into the ropes. You worry a bit. Left hand there from Allan as he came wading in tapping away looking for that uppercut again. Bracke there's not much coming back from him at all here. I think maybe he went for broke at the start of the round. It didn't work, but that's a decent jab from him. &gt;&gt; Overhand right from Allan again there though was solid. And another one is caught high on the head and his legs did a little bit of a dance there. Allan being nice and measured and composed here. Doesn't want to be too reckless with 115 left in the round. He can maybe get the stoppage here. &gt;&gt; Bra Mont is showing big heart here. Taking some big shots and he looks absolutely shattered but coming back with some good left left hooks of his own. Big right hand there and into the ropes goes Monte. Another one high on the head and he's trying to move away to his left hand side just inside the final minute of the round. Reka Monte doing what he needs to do, which is hang on. But he is absolutely dead on his feet here. You look at his face and the eyes are a little bit hollow. He's trying to suck in the air. And it's great heart and courage from him to just still be on his feet and in there and trying to compete. The corner are watching on. They're not showing any great sign of getting involved at the moment. Maybe they should be. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think Adam looks like he could get a stoppage here. Maybe he's not going to get it inside for this round now, but I don't think Braamonte has too much left. I think the fight's been knocked out of him here. Big right hand, big one, two down the middle, but I just think he's absolutely exhausted. The nose has gone the bad cut on it as well. The writing's on the wall here for him to be honest. He's got three more rounds, and it's very difficult to see him turning this around at this point, and you just wonder whether he needs three more rounds of this. He certainly doesn't need three more. Does he even need one more? the corner. We'll have a look and see if they can do anything with that nose, but he doesn't need them to be too brave with him. &gt;&gt; That's a nasty cut on the nose. &gt;&gt; Well, it looks like somebody's taken a razor to it. This is where we think it happened. &gt;&gt; Yeah, big chopping right hand over the top instantaneously. You can see he's completely split the bridge of the nose. referee above us here. Rickside looking having a word. Is he looking to maybe stuck the fight or pull the doctor in? &gt;&gt; Well, the doctors leaning through the ropes to have a look at this. The corner are going about their business. They fully intend to send their man back out for the eighth if they're allowed to do so. John Lean just indicating to them that it was a punch and the fight has been waved off. The fight has been called over. Alan looks a little bit disappointed, but that's the right decision because that's a bad injury. He looked like he had absolutely nothing left there. Ariel Estan Breamonte after giving everything of himself and that was a very entertaining fight in the end. It was attritional towards the middle rounds and then Allan with his greater experience and desire as well. Let's not forget that he took over and he got the win that he needed and he was very hard fought. But let's just put it out there, Matt. This has to be the last time we see him get in the ring. Not in good shape. When we saw him against Lenroy Thomas in the second fight, he got down to 235 pounds. Clash of heads. It was an unfortunate ending in Cardiff against Anthony on an Anthony Joshua undercard that he didn't end up fighting on previously. £235. He looked great. He's got to get back down to that and get back down to it regularly. He said to me if he gets noticed and has a long camp, he can do it. Never mind that. He's just got to do it anyway. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean it was a good performance and it was a bad performance for different reasons. He got took too many punches. He didn't look as well conditioned as he could do. If he was better conditioned, he maybe could have got the stoppage, put more shots together. But it because he probably didn't have belief in his conditioning, he had to ease back, pace it, pick his shots, you know, had at one stage there, he almost took a round off cuz he was hoping that a second wind would kick in. But, you know, give Braamonte credit as well. He came out, showed a lot of heart, started really quick, put some good shots together. I think he certainly buzzed Dave Allen. So, I think there was uh things Dave Allen needs to go back and look at, things he'll be disappointed about. Uh I think he would have liked to have forced a legitimate KO or stoppage, but ultimately he did do a lot of good things as well. So it was a mixed performance, a lot of positives, but certainly a lot of areas that he needs to improve on. And certainly, as you said, Andy, his conditioning and his preparation. &gt;&gt; Well, he's patting his chest there, Alan. And we know about his guts. He's proved that time and time again. He doesn't need to prove that to us anymore. What he does need to prove to us is that he can dedicate himself 100%. I talked earlier about his fear of success. He's got to get over that and move on. But let's get to our MC, Mr. David Piamante. &gt;&gt; Ladies and gentlemen, referee Chris O' Conor calls a halt to his contest at the end of round number seven. Your winner by retirement fighting out of Connor, the Doncaster Darren Marker final, David Allen. [Applause] Hey. David David a win against a very competitive and a very game area westbound Bracken Monte. Was that harder at work than you thought it would be? &gt;&gt; Yes. Yeah, that was um that was awful. I want to apologize everyone here. You know, I um I hope to put on a massive show for everyone. He was tough. He was really tough and he hit really really hard. And um another wake up call. How many do I need? Well, that that's the last one, you know. Um lots of changes needed, but I got the win. And you ain't no one's going to out tough and outman me. First four rounds was a diff really difficult. I think I perforated both eardrums. Can't really hear anything. My eyes hurting. I'm tired. But you ain't going to beat me in a dog fight. I don't care who you are. You're not going to beat me in a dog fight. No. Never. Ever. Ever. Anywhere. &gt;&gt; You showed your toughness. But is that conditioning the main area of concern for you? &gt;&gt; You think I was platted after one round, man. I was gone. Um trying to know there's no excuses, you know. Um I'm not fit enough. I'm not conditioned enough. I'm really sorry to everyone. I think it was a fun fight. Keep me that. Keep me with in in them kind of styles. I'm going to have good fights cuz you're just going to punch me in the face all day. I ain't going to go anywhere and eventually I'm going to catch up with you and I'm going to get you. And I think he he quit on the in the thing cuz if that was me, I'd have a hold in my in my in my in my eye area. &gt;&gt; You're taking these jobs at late notice. or Eddie Hearn's savior at the moment, but do you need to look after yourself a little bit more and give yourself proper camps? &gt;&gt; I don't deserve to ever see pay-per-view ever again after that. I need to go away. Put in the hard work, do it all properly because when you're blessed with the toughness and the strength and the power that I have got, what I'm doing is scandalous coming in this kind of shape. You know, I'm I've won, but I feel like I've lost. This is a massive stage that Eddie, Adam, Sky have given to me and I've just kind of it is short notice. You know, I could do more time to prepare, but it's only my fault and um I need to go away, take a good look at myself and say, you know what, fighting is for me, but I need to go away and say, can I do an 8 or 10 week camp because these people have paid to watch me and uh and I've let them down. &gt;&gt; Congratulations on the win. A very honest assessment of your own performance, sir. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Okay. Well, a 16th career victory for Dave