Kind: captions Language: en Clean fire. Okay. Most of all, remember to defend yourselves at all times. All right. &gt;&gt; Well, eight rounds in the heavyweight division. Jordan Thompson. This is Frenchman David Spilmont. &gt;&gt; Seconds out. Round one. &gt;&gt; Yet the two fighters that I mentioned who beat Jordan Thompson, Gyro Pay, Lenny Pero last time out. He boxed decent, didn't he? He against Pero. &gt;&gt; It's going to sound mad. Let me just turn my microphone on first. It's my first time on the job. &gt;&gt; It's going to sound mad saying this, but I would argue to say I think that's one of the best I've seen him last time off. Pero is a really good fighter and it's I I mean, you take your chances, but to go up in weight against a heavyweight and then box someone of his caliber in your first fight is madness, I would say. I really would. So ambitious task, but I mean it's a crazy step up that was. It should have been this fight really the first fight of his heavyweight. &gt;&gt; He was out for a while after losing to to Operata had an injury kept him out of the ring. So yeah, as you say to jump in with such a classy operator. &gt;&gt; He looked good and he looked good later on in the fight. I know he got wobbled in the ninth round but again he showed that he's more resilient at this weight. I feel they don't get knocked on to this weight but he took a good shot. He was confident he's more confident. Look at him. &gt;&gt; Yeah. We've always seen in the past we how well he puts his shots together. But he's sturdy now, isn't he? That's the difference. You know, he always ended up being vulnerable at a cruiserweight. Now he's put on the bulk. &gt;&gt; Exactly. That, you know, can only imagine what it does to, &gt;&gt; you know, your chin when you're losing that much weight. Do &gt;&gt; you know what? I feel the same with him. Liso is a world champion. Richard React. I think they look better than he all. All of them. &gt;&gt; He's putting his head down there. He's got to be careful because we've already seen Jordan Thompson looking for that right uppercut as he does again. That more to the body, but he's picking the shots correctly here. Jordan Thompson. I tell you the one thing I've done with Thompson in the last fight is that he touches with the jab all the time because he's got the reach. Soon as a cruiser, he can get away with it. But at this weight, that jab's a weapon and he should use it as a weapon more than as a rangefinder. &gt;&gt; And that would be the only criticism I would say from his last performance. very ambitious still not content with just fighting for a world title from a very sporty family a very successful martial arts family fight for a world title not wash at his dinner table &gt;&gt; I remember see hearing that and I thought with my kids I say it's not a race but if it was I won I could always finish my dinner first but in his house it probably is a race of the &gt;&gt; amition You know, yes, two defeats, but some good quality. Stepped up, feeling good. Still plenty of time. No miles on the clock, is there for Jordan Thompson to have recovered from the injury. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's boxed well in this round then. Nice and controlled. &gt;&gt; Again, that you got to still maintain that speed from the cruiserweight division to explode like that. &gt;&gt; Yeah, lovely work to the body there. Free shots. classy as you say sharp shots to the body and a very good opening round here for Jordan Thompson as well nicely the domestic heavyweight scene I mean you're always looking to go to hem that's where all the money is I mean you're getting extra zeros on your on your pay packet however good you are so you can see where they move up but he needed to move up you know I mean you see now he's using that reach maintaining that speed I If anything, he probably reduced the speed of it and get more turn into the shots. But I mean, and it's only the jab that I have criticism for him. I think he looks better at this weight. He did in that defeat the last time out. I thought he look really good. He fights inside well for a big fella. Know one of those guys who shouldn't be able to throw us up if it's close. He finds the range to do that because he turns that that front shoulder in the center of your chest. Like I say, who does that really well spent &gt;&gt; and Crawford, they used to do it, but to do it at this weight is phenomenal. So, I mean, he's a really good fighter with loads of ability and you'd never ever guess in a million years that this guy was a cruiserw say 38 lbs. He's weighed over the cruiser weight limit comfortably a heavyweight now. Don Charles and Daley Pales in the corner has a nice right to the body. Spark looking to fight back with his left hand. And what we saw in the last fight with with Thompson is when he got hurt in that line thrown in his peril, &gt;&gt; he was he his legs went to jelly, but in this weight divisions that happens, doesn't it? They're big punches. But he regrouped very quickly, knew enough to hold on, recover, and then had a pop under the right good pop. So I mean, you know, he's shown so much good stuff. &gt;&gt; Always had lots of selfbelief, hasn't he? The man in the upper corner, David Spilmont, he was last out in December, beating Yuri Samur over six rounds. Before that, he was stopped with Angelo Morajan. It was five straight wins before that stoppage. the activity just a little bit here. Not a lot, just a little bit more. &gt;&gt; Oh, lovely. Stinging left to the body and he throws him so well, doesn't he, Barry? So sharp and accurate with those body shots. &gt;&gt; And he's good. Good. Sorry. Good cuz he got it. He got SP was was retreating, walking back to regroup. He sneak one in the middle there. to sneak a note when you think that's your gap to take a rest. &gt;&gt; I think they as well here Thompson. &gt;&gt; They generally take body shots quite well heavyweights, didn't they? There's something in the the weight loss as well down the weights. &gt;&gt; It's as someone just said in my ear, &gt;&gt; Mr. Bendy, our producer. No, it's um I won't say what he said. I think you need a bit of weight around you. I mean, you never see boxes are yesterday. You would never see a M cutter. &gt;&gt; First up on our main broadcast this evening 7 p.m. is a cracker. Alfie Midimus in with Lewis Morris. And here is Morris looking relaxed composed and he has all week really enjoyed this. And here is Alfie Middle with the team. Dave Allen, Nigel Travis, Jamie Moore will be there somewhere. Yeah. Look wearing a red hat. This a step up against Morris for Alfie Middle for the first time with a winning record. So that's first up live on the zone from 700 p.m. &gt;&gt; And I like you. I know all that team and they all turn up. All the team the fighters, you know, British champions and big heavyweights who sell out arenas. They all turn up. It's it almost intimidates other people, doesn't it? It's not a bad not a bad little thing. &gt;&gt; I bet I bet you had no one carrying your bag, did you? &gt;&gt; Scared of anyone, am I? I could intimidate people when they knew what they were going to get like just lots of punches and no not one of them was heading &gt;&gt; f away division though didn't you Barry &gt;&gt; two &gt;&gt; two okay &gt;&gt; back to this one &gt;&gt; I like the mazb &gt;&gt; third round heavyweight division Jordan Thompson David Spilmont &gt;&gt; been asked some questions here from the Frenchman who tried his best to lean on and and stop the work from Jordan Thompson who been very impressive with the work to the body showing that sharp hands that he as you said brought up from the cruiserweight division. just got to, like I said in the last round, just up the activity. Not too much that he throws himself out. Just be maybe just be a little bit first. He's looking to counter everything here, Thompson. And I think it's that jab. I think it's the the touching with it and not using it as a potent weapon. I mean, you got to go back and you all styles are different, but if you go back to the 80s heavyweights, which is an unsung heroes of heavyweights, I think, and a lot of them, but they would that that jab if if it didn't use to push you back, it was a solid weapon every time. Larry Holmes, &gt;&gt; but even the other fight Tyrone Big old fight, you know, I mean, they all use the jab as a proper weapon. &gt;&gt; Daniel was a brick. There was a whip one in the jab. Ships quick jab. Bilman trying to throw does land two shots to the body of Jordan Thompson took his own shots to the body around that left side of the Frenchman. Just trying to push him back a little bit here. Thompson though. Nice little right there from Phil M. &gt;&gt; Yeah, just trying to stop the work, isn't he? Trying to settle Jordan Thompson. Exactly. Just to stand in the pocket. &gt;&gt; Yeah, but again I go back to that cuz you can fight well inside doesn't mean you have to. I mean, he does fight really well. You're inviting SP back. I think you can just you could push him up from the outside I think and then and then step in close when you've done a bit more damage. It's only his second fight in two and a half years. Jordan Thompson, although he had that 10 rounds with Pero in November, will still be looking to be more active, still be finding his time and his distance, won't he? You know, &gt;&gt; was a long time out of the ring. &gt;&gt; And also fighting with that added weight. &gt;&gt; I don't know. I didn't check the weight, so that's not a professional, but how different the weight is to it to his his first fight. &gt;&gt; Well, yeah. couple of pounds in it. &gt;&gt; Not much, but you're still getting used to fighting training without that added weight. &gt;&gt; Yeah. 15 seconds to go in this third round. Good feet there on Thompson. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And not having it his own way, Jordan Thompson here, but when he gets down to one like he does there, it's classy, it's flashy, and it's hurtful. Well, we see a moment ago little glimpse of Jamie Moore, Charlie Carson just caught up with him. &gt;&gt; Brown back in Ultringham tonight in front of that incredible crowd. Just how good is this man? Are we going to see that tonight? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I hope so. I think um Duke Duka, is that how you pronounce it? Dar. He's um tough as tough as old boots. Well experienced, been in there with some some really good sort of fringe level world operators. Not got him out of there. So, um, obviously we're hoping to get some rounds under his belt tonight. So, um, you know, it's not it's not a given pack punches that hard, but hopefully we can get him into the later rounds. &gt;&gt; And early on on the zone feed, Alfie Middlem makes his return just how excited actor, talented, but very talented in the ring as well. &gt;&gt; Certainly is. He's a He's a good kid. Can really speak well. You know, he's been he's been taught well and um but he can really fight and it's a good little step up for him this first eight rounder. He only had one six rounder then straight into eight rounds, but I think it'll suit him better. Jamie, &gt;&gt; good luck tonight. Cheers, Bob. Jamie Moore, busy man this evening as we get back to this one. Jordan Thompson, David Spilman, the Frenchman, heavyhanded Spilman. He's trying his best, isn't he, to unsettle Thompson who's some nice shots together certainly to the body. His last win was against Luke Watkin. That's carded Barry on the Joe. Yeah, I remember that. He's really recklessly looking for that up. He's looking for the the the punch finisher here. &gt;&gt; Thompson. I understand why. Good shot. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. Right now left hook, but that's just got going. He misses with a big wild left hook. &gt;&gt; Lovely punish there from Thompson over the middle. &gt;&gt; Puts him together really well, doesn't he? drops to the body, then fire back with the hooks or the uppercuts. &gt;&gt; But just before that, he threw an uppercut from too far out to really committed to it, which is the good thing. But I mean, it was a little bit too far out and was lucky he never got caught there on Spilmont again. He's looking for that big finish. And I think he has the ability to find it. I think he could work behind the fundamentals a little bit more. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you you feel that is the shot, don't you? The uppercut for Spillman who puts his head over the front foot. throw it after the the body shots as he as he has done. &gt;&gt; Just trying to draw out the lead here of Spilmont Thompson to sell that faint a little bit more. Funny sort of style he's built one, hasn't he? Sort of tucks up in his shell and all of a sudden he'll just sling in a big hook and he'll try and lean on &gt;&gt; but also he sort of jumps into his attacks without jumping. But I mean, but his chin comes up. I mean, so you can see way Thompson thinks he can catch him. But again, I think he's got to break him down with the with the straight shots first. &gt;&gt; You think a change of pace, didn't you? Higher higher tempo. &gt;&gt; Doesn't have to load up with anything, does he Thompson? Just put a bit busier maybe. Well, Thompson's a natural counter puncher, but then that that sometimes can make you look a little bit lazy at times because you wait for that that super shot and he doesn't always come. So, I mean, you got to use that jab a little bit more, push him back and and get him on the back foot and then having jump into attacks out the necessity rather than when he wants to. So, he doesn't set himself and his timings out then that uppercut will land probably cleaner and more effective. &gt;&gt; We already mentioned he's looking for that uppercut and we see, didn't we, how explosive Moses was when he threw it. He Franklin kind of lent on the ever so slightly took a little step back and he just threw that uppercut. I wonder if that's something that Jordan Thompson could try and replicate. &gt;&gt; Yeah, just replicate Moses. come through. What kind of opponent would you be thinking next? What will he be looking at? Obviously, there's some big names. There's a Johnny Fisher, Joe Joyce, David Adair. We got TKB taking on React, Fraser Clark taking on Justice Hood. &gt;&gt; Dave Allen's here. &gt;&gt; Dave Allen's got her. I mean, Verovich has a different level, but but what kind of fights do do you think he slots into that kind of group? &gt;&gt; I think he does. I mean, you know, I think there's some good fighters there, but tomorrow night Matty Harris is boxing Frank Ignatius and I think that maybe the winner or loser of that, you know. I mean, there difficult fights potentially. I think he can be in the mix with him &gt;&gt; for sure. Well, I know he can, but I mean, &gt;&gt; how far you go is in this division a lot have to do with how well you take a shot. Nice right hand. Straight by. &gt;&gt; Sharp that right hand there. A little bit swelling under the right eye of Spilman. He's been in those two big fights against Perro and you get taste of it. You want to be in those big fights all the time, Barry. You too, but you got I mean he fought for a world title, but he skipped the queue, which is nothing wrong with that. We all done that. &gt;&gt; Head went in there from Spilmont. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that was a little bit naughty there. That was deliberate. &gt;&gt; Yeah, referee having none of that. Say he has been growling at people in the hotel all week. He's been fired up with this one, but &gt;&gt; had to find anything heavy enough to trouble Jordan Thompson. A couple good shots to the body again. Another right creep through. &gt;&gt; To be fair, for the most part, Thompson, he's seeing the shots coming and using the shoulders and the forearms just to to ride them or block them. &gt;&gt; That's faint. A real good faint there from Thompson there stepping in behind the jab. Springing the step, weren't there, just before he threw that as well. It takes a lot of energy to do that and and resets everything as well, doesn't it? The jab and you get a bit of a rhythm behind the jabs onto a left hook there from Spilman. But he can just kind of regroup, get going again. I think he looks composed in, but I think in his mind he's rushing. I do and I I know you and and that makes it sounds super like contradiction here but that makes you wait too long cuz you're rushing right I'm going to get this got to get this you're looking what's next what's next what's next but I think it actually stops you from working because you overthink stuff all the time and that might not be the case I got a feeling that's what it might be cuz the some of the mistakes he makes every now and again like jumping into the hook for no reason at all is usually means your mind's overacting and sometimes you got to just like block the thoughts out a little bit and just do the basics, the simple stuff. &gt;&gt; Very important. Although you do want to be one, two step ahead, it's so important to stay present and worry about what's going on in the here and now. &gt;&gt; Round six. &gt;&gt; Into the sixth round we go. &gt;&gt; Can Jordan Thompson find the stoppage here? So far, David Spilmont, the Frenchman, shown his toughness been on the receiving end with a few body shots, a few uppercuts. Isn't allowed much, but look again plows forward as you say, every now and again just jump in when he throw a few shots, tucks up afterwards. Again, good work there from Spmont, but readable there for Thompson. &gt;&gt; He's done that quite well, hasn't he? Thompson used the blocking the shots as they come forward. Oh, there was a left hook there from Spilman. Just seem to trouble him for a second. Jordan Thompson just a reminder that you got switched on and again the legs LOOK A LITTLE UNSTEADY. DAVID SPILMAN IS saying something here. The Frenchman really going to town, you see. Perro hurt Jordan Thompson in that ninth round that you mentioned and he's definitely hurt Jordan Thompson here &gt;&gt; with a left hook and he's really getting to work here the Frenchman again he's not taking his foot to gas he looks really in danger here of getting stopped Jordan Thompson he's got to try and grab hold of Strong here if he doesn't find &gt;&gt; tell you why he's very close to doing so he's getting very close he's hurt Thompson stand up still a minute and 40 left to go in this sixth round. Can he weather this for John Thompson? There's a long way to go. There's still an awful long way to go. And the Frenchman again. Can he find the shot to close the show here? Looks very tired, doesn't he? Jordan Thompson just went from nothing, wasn't it? What a massive big shot. He just unravel Thompson. was the one thing that he said would improve the punch resistance moving up to heavyweight. He'd point out the 11 victories that he has inside the distance once you can punch but as he punched himself out here. The Frenchman there's another reverse one two from Spilmont gets pushed back to the rope but looks for a right hand and they're both exhausted as a snip to a left uppercut through the middle. Barry I tell you what the amount of punches he's taking and not fire back. This was the other way around. This might have been called off. &gt;&gt; Yeah, there's a lot of unanswered shots, wasn't there? &gt;&gt; Slips under that left and then lands another left hand. The Frenchman hanging on now. Jordan Thompson. What can he do? Can he be able to score? 20 odd seconds to go in this sixth round. Not going to lie, there's got to be a tenny run here. Yeah, it's been one way traffic here and it's still relentless pressure from Spilmer at the right to the body from Jordan Thompson, but this has been a massive round for David Spilman. The heavy hit Frenchman who lands another left hand. Well, credit to Jordan Thompson there standing on his feet, but Spillmont has just had a huge round there. Barry Jones. &gt;&gt; I got to be honest, Thompson didn't look too bad going back to his corner. I thought he'd be all over the place. He looked sort of a little bit more composed than I thought, but Spill, I mean, he might have bust a gasket there cuz I mean, he he must have thrown what under punches in that last &gt;&gt; It was a left hook bar. &gt;&gt; Minute 30, &gt;&gt; but just the whole all the energy went away from Thompson, didn't he? Just like to go here in this contest. It was looking fairly Thompson. You know, David Spilmont was awkward. He was landing the odd shot, tucking up, leaning on, but threw that beautiful left hook, didn't he? And completely changed this fight. It's Jordan Thompson on the front foot though and takes a couple of shots from the Frenchman Barry. &gt;&gt; Solid shot. No, not real knockoff punches there for SP but a nice clean solid one two down the line there from the Frenchman and again can't miss with that left hand. And again just plowing forward with the straight shots. It's very unsteady. Got to try and reboot and get that composure back. Jordan Thompson. &gt;&gt; Well, this is where if you like I talk about again I say about it all the time. I'll never stop repeating it. The fun, the straight shots, the straight long shots is what he needs now more than ever. A solid jab that just comes back to keep Spmont away from you. What opportunity this would be for Spurmont to get the victory here, but he's under the cross. He lands a nice hando on the back foot as he's backed into his red corner. You just don't know what's going to happen here. Good work though from Thompson. to his face. Look at the fire. He's got his left for shaking his head. Did he punch himself out? Spillmore over left. What's left though, Barry? In the tank of Thompson. Unbelievable from Thompson there. I thought you made a mistake getting too close there, but I mean he just he put his cards on the table, didn't he? And committed a lovely right down the stand there from Thompson. &gt;&gt; Oh, good work again. One, two, tag on the gloves of spill and then he drops to the body. &gt;&gt; Both shattered times a one two and he seemed to sniff the leg there of Jordan Thompson. Bundles of action in these closing rounds here at Planet Ice in the heavyweight division. David Spilman, Jordan Thompson going to war. And the same could be set for now as he punches himself and his the falls to the canvas. Wow. And there was absolute flows and it is the Frenchman David Spilman that gets the VICTORY IN A CRAZY FIGHT here at Planet Ice. &gt;&gt; That was just madness. That was literally Thompson walking the fight, coasting the fight. I would say Squidward having an unbelievable round through over 100 punches had to be in that round and land him with 80 of them. It had to be. Thompson survives. Then he gets the knockdown in this round. Looks like he's going to finish it. Runs out of steam as Span gets the second wind. &gt;&gt; You can't make it up. &gt;&gt; That was nuts. Let's hope Jordan Thompson is okay. Sat up &gt;&gt; in the ring. &gt;&gt; I think it's pure exhaustion. Both absolutely shattered. &gt;&gt; Spilman, you thought &gt;&gt; once he dropped to the canvas, that was it. You felt Jordan Thompson may have enough &gt;&gt; to see the fight through and get the stop victory. He's on his store now. Jordan Thompson. &gt;&gt; But what a victory for this man here. David Spilmore gets his 18th victory and his 12th Barry inside the distance. &gt;&gt; Oh, what a win. What a win for him. reignites his career massively cuz he came here really as a whipping boy didn't he? That's the truth of it. When could Thompson get him off today? Can he do better than than a few others and and that and what happened? I think Thompson will look back and he created more problems than he solved tonight. I think allowing wanted to get close and and look for that that money shot all the time. I think that was a problem. not working beyond a solid jab. Even though he did some fantastic work just allowing the guy into the fight and when you allow the fight and coach the fight, it gives them confidence and all it takes in this division more than any other unfortunately. It takes one shot to spin the fight round and they haven't got to be it going to be a massive shot be a little half a cup shot when you can get tired and his legs went and not like the per fight where his legs went and he recovered. His legs went he couldn't recover himself but it looked like he did then didn't it made him but &gt;&gt; you know it has that residue of friend even though he looked like he recover it stays with you a little bit &gt;&gt; see absolutely gutted Jordan Thompson he was on the brink then he he almost brought it back he almost found it David Spilman as I say heavyhanded that is 12 victory inside the distance well David Spilman one gets it. But let's throw it back to David. Ladies and gentlemen, referee Michael Alexander calls a halt to this contest. The official time of the stoppage. 2 minutes 39 seconds of round number seven. Declaring your winner by TKO, David Spilman. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he gets his 18th victory. David Silman.