Kind: captions Language: en Someone's O has got to go in this one and someone is getting a shot at a title in 2026. &gt;&gt; Round one underway. Our main event. Diego Pacheco. Kevin Lalay. Sajo and promises to beat &gt;&gt; left uppercook right down the middle. Just like that. He almost landed right. He's not going to be ready for the moment. Pacheco wraps a nice right hand around the guard of Sajo. Bangs the body of Pacheco and tries to pull his way to the inside. Makundi got stopped, but it was in a championship level fight with Caleb P where he was able to drop right hand as well. &gt;&gt; And correct me if I think I'm wrong, Sergio, but like good shot from Sajjo there, but it gets 20 seconds of round four. Chinese food and friends. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Pazine is global. Sergio, how do you have this one scored so far? &gt;&gt; I've got it four rounds to one in favor of Diego Pacho. &gt;&gt; Body shot there for Pacheco. He's left knock. &gt;&gt; That's a knockdown. &gt;&gt; That is a knockdown. &gt;&gt; I'm telling you, man. Pacheco is not there. And that left hook there. &gt;&gt; He might not be there. And that left hook opened up a cut in a fight that looked like it might kind of lumber the distance. SAGIO IS UNLOADING BOMBS HERE IN THE EIGHTH ROUND. And in addition to these power shots, Sergio, I think Sanjo has succeeded in front of Diego Pache. He's going to need to hear some things in between rounds cuz this fight just got very dicey for him. And there is a line with a with a fighter that short. Fighting talk could actually be detrimental to you, Joe. I never I haven't seen PCO try to back up. &gt;&gt; Nice right hand there from Sagry between them is not there. I don't think it's PCO's not really &gt;&gt; Look at this exchange. SJO just let it &gt;&gt; nice right hand there from SO in a physical dog fight like this &gt;&gt; with all &gt;&gt; left hook connects there from to land a quick jab to the head clean we need to see he's going to find it &gt;&gt; nice right hand there from Pacheco and a right hand to the body as well with a short right hand he didn't pull that right back he got an angle and threw a short right hand he finally got something from Here we go. This is the rally that Pacheco has been looking for. &gt;&gt; Pacheco turning it all around here in the 11th. It all started with that short right HAND. HE GOT AN ANGLE AND FINALLY landed a short six 6 IN PUNCH THAT HE GOT. But it wasn't the punch or the power. It was the angle that actually surprised and hurt Sajjo. &gt;&gt; How do you so far? &gt;&gt; I've got in favor of Diego Pekco 106 told to hunt for a knockout. That &gt;&gt; is his intention. that catching Sadel off guard and that's when we need to get final moments and still getting hit with looping shots as Pacheco towards the end. &gt;&gt; It was unpleasant that times for Diego. &gt;&gt; Ladies and gentlemen, after 12 rounds of action here in Stockton, we go to the judges score totals. Karen Holderfield 117 110. Rudy Baragon 116 111 Ben Fernando Via Royale 115 112 All three for your winner by unanimous decision he's still undefeated in the WBC silver and WBO international super middleweight champion Diego So Diego Pacheco picks up the unanimous decision victory. &gt;&gt; Not exactly a look of excitement on his face right now, Sergio. And it was a bit of a mixed reaction from the audience here as well. 115 112 is too close for comfort. That was a a disappointing victory. And I can see why Pacheco is not satisfied. There's a little smirk coming from him just being relieved, but he needs to get better. He needs to find a way to get back to his knockout ways because this is not this is not the way he needs to be going. The trajectory he needs to be a champion. &gt;&gt; All right, let's hear from Diego. He's standing by with Chris Maddox. &gt;&gt; Well, Diego, congratulations. You stay undefeated. You knew this was going to be a physical fight. Was it the fight you expected out there? &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Definitely the fight I expected. You know, uh Kevin Sra is here for a reason. you know, he's a great fighter, great warrior, but you know, tonight I proved that um you know, I'm built for this and um whatever style comes my way, I'll be ready to handle it. &gt;&gt; You seem to be in control of the first few rounds, operating behind that jab, keeping him at the distance. He seemed to be able to break that distance in those middle rounds. What changed for you in the middle of this fight? Um, you know, just adjusting, you know, um, he was coming in with his head a lot, you know, and and his head was staying on my chest, so it was a little difficult for me to work in there, but, you know, making adjustments through the rounds, you know, my corner guided me through the fight, we made good adjustments, and we came out with the win. &gt;&gt; We haven't seen you on the deck before as a professional. What were you thinking when you got knocked down? &gt;&gt; Um, you know, it's it's part of the sport, you know. Um, it's never happened to me ever in my life, but um, you know, I've I've always mentally prepared for whenever it did happen. Um, you know, it's part of the sport. where I knew one day it was a possibility that it'll happen and uh he kind of caught me while while I was throwing a punch as well off balance you know so I wasn't hurt or anything it was just uh you know off balance um knockdown but you know I got back up I was good to go and um I kept fighting &gt;&gt; finished the fight pretty strong sort of creating more of that distance what was the finish like for you &gt;&gt; uh you know I'm a guy who's uh who you know I usually win the rounds pretty clearly you know so I knew the rounds were a little close so I just knew I had to pick it up a little bit and uh that's what I did you know I picked it up and uh made sure we came out with the W. &gt;&gt; You're a young guy, still learning, working with a new trainer, full-time trainer for this fight. What do you take away from this fight that you know need to improve on? &gt;&gt; Uh, a lot of things to be honest. You know, um, right now I got to go back and watch the fight and um, for sure, you know, we're going to be back in the gym working and uh, making sure we clean up some of those little flaws. &gt;&gt; You're improving and a young guy, but you're right in line for a major fight in 2026. We've heard some big names connected to you over the last couple of weeks. What's the name that you're looking for next year? Uh, you know, I think the fight that interests me the most um right now is Hime Mongia. You know, he's a a great fighter, a great Mexican warrior, and um, you know, I feel like, uh, that's the fight I'm missing right now to to really get to that stardom. &gt;&gt; Sounds like a pretty good LA fight to me. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. You know, back home in LA. I know all the fans would love that fight in LA, and um, you know, it's all up to my team, Eddie Hearn, and my promotion to to make that happen. &gt;&gt; Congratulations, Diego. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Chris. Appreciate it. &gt;&gt; Eddie, we'll turn to you. Let's start with the uh, performance from Diego. What did you think? You know what? So many box sticks tonight. You know that he's 24 years old. Nobody wants to fight Kevin Sag. He's a nightmare. You saw that he got dropped. He come back. He nearly stopped Sagio at the back end of the fight. He'll learn so much from that. You know, I think he can be better. I think he knows that. But sometimes you got to have nights at the office like that where you come through the other side. And you know, a lesser fighter, a lesser man with lesser heart and lesser ability would have got beat tonight. But at 24 years of age, I think this guy solidifies himself as one of the future of the 668 pound division. He's right. He needs that big fight now because he's ticked all the boxes. You know, Steve Nelson, Trevor McCumbi, Kevin Sagio, where else do you go? So for me, and listen, sometimes I was sitting there saying to the guys, sometimes you get dropped, those guys all of a sudden that might not have taken the fight before might decide they want to take the fight. Hamza Sheirez, particularly Haimey Mongia. That's a fight that would fill up the stadium in Los Angeles. That's a fight we really want. He's done all the apprenticeship you need. He's ticked all the boxes. Time to roll the dice in a big fight for Diego Pacheco. He deserves it. He got off the deck tonight, came back strong, and beat a very good fighter. &gt;&gt; I know you've had some conversations with Mongia's team. How realistic is that for next year? &gt;&gt; Listen, you can't make someone fight. At the end of the day, if you want the challenge, if you want to get paid, if you want to roll the dice in a big fight on a big night, let's do it. But we're not limited to Haimeong. Like I said, there's Hamza Sheirz out there as well. There's Charlo, you know, there's there's loads of fighters at 168 pound. I just feel that as a promoter, when you got Diego Poach from South Central LA, you got Haime Mong who's a tremendous Mexican fighter. We can bring a big fight to Los Angeles and I believe it's time. &gt;&gt; Appreciate Eddie. &gt;&gt; Cheers. &gt;&gt; Sorry, one more thing from Diego. &gt;&gt; Hey, real quick. I just want to thank Stockton for the love support. Ever since I got here, you guys received up with open arms. And uh, you know, I want to say I appreciate everyone who made it out tonight from LA, from all over the country. You know, thank you guys for the support. And uh, I want to give a big shout out to my guardian angels in the in the up in heaven. You know, my brother Manuel Pacheco who was um, you know, my guardian angel keeping me safe and and and prepared every fight. And, uh, also, you know, my my a really close person to me who is uh, like my grandma that I never had who passed away yesterday. Um, you know, I just want to, you know, say I love her and all my family who made it out, you know, and is here supporting me, you know, apart from, you know, my my grandma who passed away yesterday, everyone still kept their their hearts their their head up and and kept pushing me and, you know, didn't bring it down. So, you know, I just want to, you know, say I love you, Wala Lupe, and um, you know, rest in peace. Appreciate it, Diego.