Kind: captions Language: en Eddie, well this is our first match of the industry of the year. I think it's only right we start off by paying respects to Cena and Lats, obviously two integral members of AJ's team who unfortunately passed away in Nigeria at the back end of the year. Yeah, I mean just um you know, the saddest of days, the saddest of of weeks and and um you know, moments and times since then. You know, two guys that were a massive part of Anthony's life, a massive part of team. You know, some one and and both of them who we have been around for really over a decade in in working with Anthony. Um and two great guys. You know, two guys that were completely full of life and energy. Um you know, Cena would walk into a room and just light it up. You know, come on. Like he was just like the absolute energy lifter. And Lats the same. You know, a really deep individual, a man of of of, you know, extreme faith. Um and positivity. Um and and we'll miss them dearly, you know. Like I said, these are people who had incredible families and and big groups and networks of friends. Um and I know people talk about members of AJ's team, but they were much more than that, obviously. They were, you know, they were some of his best mates and guys that he trusted implicitly, guys that were there for him at all moments. Um you know, particularly in the last camp, you know, Cena was was really you know, the the camp leader. I I remember you know, that that fight in um in Miami, Cena was so protective over AJ. You know, he cared so much about the camp and the team and him. I remember coming in and and uh Tammy, the lady, told us we got, I think, six or seven minutes and Anthony was just kind of like you know, in concentration and meditation. I went over to AJ. I said, AJ, just to let you know, just give him the time. And Cena said, Eddie, let let him focus. And I That's how much he cared, you know. He he just had his back at all times. And um you know, Lats as well. I stayed with those guys in Dubai a couple of months ago. And and had the the pleasure of spending some time with Lats and training with him. Just just a great positive individual. You know, someone that really lived life. And and, you know, we the team at Matchroom, everybody just just send our prayers to their families and everybody close to them. Um you know, for Anthony, since the incident, you know, the accident, I've had people phone, "Well, you know, what's the update with?" The reality is this is not a time for updates. This is not a time for careers. This is a time for faith and prayer and healing um for Anthony. Physically, you know, spiritually, emotionally, you got to give him time. And you know, we're not we're not interested in the future. Right now, we're interested in as I said, Anthony and and his well-being. And and obviously the the you know, the well-being as much as possible as that the friends and family that are affected by this tragic incident. Um So, right now I know we've got, you know, an an event this week and media. There There's no comment from us on on anything regarding Anthony. Give him his time um to heal. And as I said, just absolute prayers with with you know, Cena and Lats's friends and family on on the tragic loss of two brilliant men. Well said, and um I think obviously now we are in here in New York. Behind you got the Brooklyn Nets just behind you in the Barclays Center for here for this week. We are going to transition now into why we're here. Subriel Matias, Dalton Smith. I guess another fighter he took from Team GB all the way to that world title shot. Just how ready is Subriel as is Dalton Smith ready? This is it for Dalton. You know, like this is you you get the uh the apprenticeship, as people say. You go through school, you go through college, you go through university, and now you're ready for the big real world. And that's where Dalton Smith is at. He's done everything perfectly. He's won all those domestic and European titles. His apprenticeship, his education has been perfect. He's been at the top school. He went to Harvard. Quite literally. And now you go out there and you do what you're supposed to do, which is to become world champion. You know, we've had this young man since he made his professional debut. Been flawless. Elite fighter, but this is where you find out. And you come over to America, to Brooklyn, to New York to win a world title on away soil. These are the kind of nights that make you a superstar. And we believe he's going to do it in style against a very dangerous Subriel Matias. You know, you've seen this guy I think all of his victories is it by one by one from from knockout. But you saw what Liam Paro did to him, you know, when you had the ability to use your footwork, to use your IQ, but it's a hard night's work, a hard hard night's work. But we fully expect and believe Dalton Smith will become world champion on Saturday. Dalton is Sheffield's most successful amateur fighter. Did you always know that he had the pedigree to go and do this? Yeah, Dalton was so highly rated as an amateur, but you can be highly rated as an amateur. The proof is in the pudding as you go through the gears and the levels. But he's gone through those gears and levels so well. So, that gives us the confidence to to believe that he's ready for this level. This is a jump from anywhere that he's boxed before. But that's how it's supposed to be. This is where you really find out what you've got. And if Dalton is that elite fighter that we believe he is, he'll win. And he'll win in style on Saturday. It won't be easy. And it shouldn't be easy. But, you know, this is where we expected him to be. We expected him at some point to challenge for the world title, and he does it on Saturday night. This fight hasn't gone without controversy. And obviously Subriel Matias returned a positive test for ostarine back in November, I believe. How does that sit with you and the team knowing that that's on record? I mean, I think, you know, we've been through this so many times on both sides with fighters that we've represented, with fighters that we haven't represented. I'm a real believer in allowing to give the fighter an opportunity to explain themselves, to go through due process. But the This wasn't decided that way. This was decided in quite a unique way, where the New York State Athletic Commission, who are an outstanding commission and one of the most strictest, have a rule where you are allowed a certain amount of ostarine in your body. I'm not a scientist. I don't know why that level is allowed for a substance like that, but it's the rule. And we can scream about it, we can shout about it, but ultimately, if we pull out of the fight, we're in breach of our contract. And more importantly, we lose the opportunity to fight for the WBC world title. So, all the time in these situations, the commission is given the decision to make. And what they did, the commission, was follow their rules. Do I think their rules are right? No, I don't, if I'm honest. But that's their rules, and there's nothing we can do about it. So, the testing from that moment has been even more extensive than it was before. They've done everything they can to to, you know, give them peace of mind. We're we're happy because we have to be happy. We don't want to go into this fight sulking. We don't want to go into this fight feeling we're hard done by. It is what it is. And we know what we're up against, and we win on Saturday night. That's what we do. Um he needs to answer to his actions, in my opinion. Because what we can't just say, in my opinion also, is "Oh, it's okay. He had a bit of ostarine in him, so that's fine. We just carry on." That's ridiculous. We need to go through a process of why this fight, you know, for a lot of instances that have happened in the past, those fights haven't taken place. In this instance, nearly, you know, 99 times out of 100, the fight would be off. Because the commission would say, "Absolutely not." But because of New York State Athletic Commission's rules, which go against the rules of WADA, which is very unique again, we are where we are. And it's on. In terms of Dalton's performance, I think you touched on where Paro had success against Matias. But do you think he can land that thunderous punch to get the knockout against him? You know, I think that Dalton hits harder than Liam Paro. Liam Paro is a brilliant fighter, and and technically, he got it right that night. I don't think Subriel was at his best, and I don't know if it's the pressure of fighting at home or what it was. But um Dalton is sharper than Liam Paro. Dalton hits harder than Liam Paro. Um but again, it's it's a it's all about the moment. As always, high-level sport is about the moment. You can have the best education, you can have the best preparation, but on the night, under the bright lights, if you don't get it right, you don't win. But the real ones, they get it right on the night. And Dalton's a real one. And should he get it right on the night, I think he'll be keeping a keeping tabs on a monster fight that's happening again here in New York on January 31st. That's going to be one of the fights of the year, isn't it? Yeah, and that's part of the the carrot of this victory on Saturday. You become WBC world champion in a division that is full of great fighters. Richardson Hitchins, of course Shakur against Teofimo coming up, Gary Russell Jr. You know, this this changes everything for Dalton Smith. This puts his name up in lights and puts him in the frame for all the massive fights. Hopefully, back at Hillsborough, particularly. Um but this makes him, you know, a real true British and global star with victory on Saturday. Just talking about the fight on January 31st, stylistically, how do you see it shaping up with Shakur and Teo? I think it's a fight that could be a little bit of a chess match early on. You know, you got two guys that are very reactive, two guys that are super sharp, two guys that like to faint and set traps, and two guys with tremendous boxing IQ and footwork. So, generally that lends itself to a fight that's going to be quite nip and tuck and and a little bit of a chess match early on. I think the fight could be won maybe by the person that takes the fight by the scruff of the neck. You know, sometimes in those kind of fights it can be a very close fight with very close rounds. Um neither fighter will want to be reckless, neither fighter will want to make mistakes cuz they know they'll get punished. But sometimes you have to take the fight by the scruff of the neck in a fight like that. And perhaps the one that does it could edge out those close rounds. Who has more to lose in that fight, do you think? Good question. Look, for Shakur I think Shakur is massively underrated in terms of his achievements and his ability. Everyone in boxing knows how good Shakur is. He is pound-for-pound top five in terms of quality. But look at the achievements of the young man. At 28 years of age, he's already a three-division world champion. This is to become a four-division world champion. Quite remarkable. And Teofimo always rises to the occasion. Sometimes you see a little bit of a lackluster performance when he's not motivated, when there isn't kind of any legacy on the line. This is different. This is a sold-out Madison Square Garden between two of the elite fighters of our generation. And the best thing about this fight is we're seeing them in their prime. And that's what we need to make great fights. As I said, sold-out Madison Square Garden, live on the zone, ring six. It's a massive night of boxing. And when we think ahead to that night, I mean you said it's a sold-out event, but we think back to the great nights even we've had at the Garden, let alone the Garden itself has had over history. I think Katie Taylor and Amanda Serrano, that atmosphere was electric. You think of Ireland and Puerto Rico. But for here, you're going to have Brooklyn and you're going to have Well, so you're going to have New Brooklyn, you're going to have Newark just across the water. So, that's going to be Yeah, you I mean, you know, again, people like to downplay Shakur's star power and his support. He'll have massive support from Newark that night. Teofimo's from Brooklyn. You know, there's something very special about a Madison Square Garden fight. You always get drama. You know, we saw it with Katie Taylor-Serrano a couple of times. Of course, AJ against Ruiz. So many more great nights that we've staged there. Always a brilliant night and uh this this night, January 31st, is shaping up to be a true classic. Another belt holder in that division, Richardson Hitchins. I think he's a notable absence from that card despite the all the noise he's making on social media. What can you tell us about his situation right now? Um well, at the moment, you know, we were planning on putting him on that card. Um the ring decided to put uh Keyshawn on that card and the zone and and now there's a February 21st card that's coming up that looks like Richardson could feature on. Um so, look, he's a he's a world champion in the division. He's a tough guy to beat. And sometimes when you're that good, it's quite difficult to get the fights that you want. So, he's ready. He wants the big fights. Um but we'll see if he lands on Feb 21st. And we're just talking about fighters that go from pro debut to that world title shot, Dalton and AJ. Um I think that's kind of what's on offer, isn't it, for Ammo Williams and on that show as well. And he gets his shot at the WBC world middleweight title. What a moment for him. So proud of of Ammo and, you know, he's never lost faith. You talk about um you know, Ammo went through a phase in his life that would have finished most people's career. Right? Mentally he was down and out. Done. He lost his way and he found a way back, right? And he did it with a lot of people's help. You know, with uh Pete Berg, with Sam Sam Katkowski, with with me, with Matchroom. But you There's only one person that can pull yourself out of that hole, and that's you. And somehow Ammo found the strength from within to pull himself out of the hole that he was in. And honestly, the fact that he's even fighting and the way that he has come back is so admirable. Like it is it it's really is I know the story's been told a little bit, but it's a story that needs to be told. Because if you knew the ins and outs like, you know, I I never thought he'd fight again. And I like I said, the way that he's come back, admirable. Um of course, the defeat to Sheraz. You know, I'll take nothing away from Hamzah Sheraz cuz he's an amazing fighter, but Ammo trained for 4 weeks for that fight. Again, he was he was playing with the game at that point. Now he is on it. But he's on it in a really, really tough fight against Adames. But he's on it and in it to fight for the WBC world title. And he can do it. And he's got heart and he's got spirit and he's got ability. And we would be very proud if Ammo Williams could become WBC world champion at Madison Square Garden. Last time he boxed there, he was sensational. You know, he won a a first-round knockout um against a very good fighter. And, you know, Ammo's a good fighter. And maybe he's getting Adames at a good time. I think we look at January. January's a pretty busy month for us, isn't it? A great start to the year. I think somewhere in between this Saturday and January 31st, we've got another world title fight, Andy Cruz versus Marriaga for the IBF 135-lb title. A huge opportunity for him in just his seventh fight. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean, when you look at our January, it's quite sensational. Andy Cruz against Marriaga at the Fontainebleau in Las Vegas. Got Ismael Madrimov back on the card there. What a fight, 175-lb a grudge match, Philly against New Jersey, Jesse Hart against Khalil Coe. Um Andy Cruz against Marriaga, phenomenal fight. Marriaga's a very, very good fighter, underrated fighter. Brilliant trainer, Robert Garcia. But Andy's Andy, and Andy's I nearly swore, but I'll say he's good, seriously good. And this is his moment. He's had a handful of fights. So, you know, him, Bozy, Geron, the Ennises, all the team, we go to Las Vegas with the expectancy that Andy Cruz becomes world lightweight champion. And it it is a 50/50 fight. It really is. Um as is, 1 week later on the same night, January 31st, what a double-header. Josh Kelly against Merz Ali. I think again because Merz Ali is maybe a little bit unknown to those outside of the boxing world, you need to know this is a serious fight. This is one of the top world championship fights that we've hosted in Britain for many years. Like Josh Kelly can win this fight. Merz Ali just destroyed Tim Tszyu last night. He's been a little bit inactive because no one wants to fight him. But Adam Booth and Josh Kelly stepped up and went we can beat him. We bring it to the northeast. You know, again, a big card there as well, Josh Padley going for the European title. We've got a a big female star that's going to be added to that card as well, we'll we'll announce shortly. But that fight That is a true elite danger man in Merz Ali coming to fight a Brit for the world championship. And Josh Kelly can win that fight. And he wins that fight, you know, we already have an agreement in place for him to fight Boots Ennis. He kid's going to make a fortune. And Josh Kelly's really good. Talk about Andy Cruz. Josh Kelly's really good. But he's up against a monster in Merz Ali. And like I said, our January of Cruz against Marriaga, Kelly against Merz Ali, and Shakur against Teofimo Lopez, we are coming out firing before we go into a massive February. And there is so much to talk about on this first instance, you know, I think. Just elsewhere, I guess the welterweight division has a big ramifications for Matchroom on the world stage. Lewis Crocker, we saw a handshake emoji across social media. Is that rematch likely to land for the IBF title? Yeah, look, I think Conor Benn Walker has done everything that's been asked of him. Um he took the fight with Pat McCormack that nobody want wanted to take. He beat him as the underdog in that fight. You know, he won the British and Commonwealth title. He fought Lewis Crocker in a very close fight in his backyard. And now he may be going to Lewis Crocker's backyard. You know, we're speaking to the IBF about the date and everything. That's one hell of a rematch. You know, Belfast against Wolverhampton. And the first fight was a fight of the year contender. The second fight will be even better. And it will come with the carrot of the world welterweight championship. Not done yet, but standby for an announcement of Lewis Crocker's next fight. Moving on, Devin Haney's gone public that he has a few options for his defense of the WBC title. Jack Catterall sitting pretty at the top. How's that looking? Yeah, you know, Sam Jones has been doing his usual 10 phone calls a day about Jack Catterall. And and Jack after his performance against Echo Essemann has earned that right to fight for the world title. He's the number one challenger for Devin Haney. We're ready for that fight. You know, there's a couple of other names that have been mentioned, but you know, as always, Jack wants to fight for the world title. And and if Devin's looking for an opponent, it would be a a pleasure to make that fight. We understand that Mario Barrios will defend his title against Ryan Garcia Feb 21st. Is Conor Benn going to hang around for the winner of that fight or Yeah, it's it's an interesting conundrum for Conor. It's a nice conundrum because he's the mandatory challenger for the winner of that fight. Um we know as well that, you know, you've got Teo against um Shakur, maybe the winner's trying to step up to welter. Everybody's calling Conor Benn out, but it's just making sure that myself, Conor, Lee, Keith, Tony, the whole team get the strategy right. Because we should only wait if we're guaranteed that fight. And we won't know for a while because that fight hasn't even taken place yet if we are guaranteed that fight. So, we're doing the work behind the scenes. Ryan Garcia against Conor Benn arguably the biggest fight in boxing. I mean, we would take 15,000 to Las Vegas for that fight. Conor would sell out a stadium. Well, Ryan's a huge name. He's got to beat Barrios first. I believe he will. So, that's a monster monster fight. But we've got to worry about Conor Benn and Conor Benn only. And I'm not having him sitting around waiting. You know what he's like, he's back in the gym already. He's he's looking phenomenal. He's not going to want to wait till July, August to fight. We need to fight May, June at the absolute latest. If we're guaranteed that fight, if not, we'll go earlier. But, you know, we we got to focus on his career. He's in a wonderful position, one of the biggest stars in the sport, but he wants that WBC world title, and it's our job to try and deliver it for him. And whilst we're talking about mandatories, Rolly Romero claims he's never heard of Shakhram Giyasov. But as a mandatory for his title, I guess he's had to fight him surely or vacate. Well, he's going to have to know about Shakhram Giyasov because he's got to fight him. And let me tell you, Rolly Romero, who did brilliantly against Ryan Garcia, is very fortunate to be in the position that he is in terms of the super championship. Because if you know the history, Jaron Ennis against Stanionis in a unification was for the super championship. The winner of that fight was ordered to fight Shakhram Giyasov. Then, they made Ryan Garcia against Rolly Romero for the regular title, aka interim title. In the meantime, Boots moves to 154, they elevate the champion, and what's happened to Shakhram Giyasov? He has been so hard done by, and I'm glad now the WBA are doing what's right. You know, this this young man has been through a hell of a lot. You know, the passing of his daughter, the strength that he's had to come back and take that fight on the undercard there where, you know, he was just emotionally he must have been in such a horrific situation. It's time. So, I don't care whether you've heard of him or not, he'll beat you. Shakhram Giyasov will beat Rolly Romero, and he will become world champion. And he deserves it. He's been waiting. No more rubbish. No more, you know, let's just get the fight made. And we are doing everything we can with Adam and the team to make sure the WBA stand by their word. I believe they're calling purse bids imminently for that fight. And it will be Rolly Romero against Shakhram Giyasov for the world welterweight title. We've got a very short amount of time left, Eddie, but we'll just run through these last few. Um I think you know, there's there's things we haven't even touched on. The Matchroom and DAZN schedule for the first quarter is really filling up quite nicely. We haven't even really discussed Wood Warrington or Shugab Navruzov. But there's more dates and more shows to come, aren't there? Yeah, I mean, again, January's red hot, and then February's exactly the same. You know, with with our new signing, Chespirn Medina, on February the 6th um in Guadalajara, it's going to be a massive Mexico show. But 21 and 28 for Feb. Feb 21, almost sold out already between Wood Warrington, it's going to be an absolute thriller. You got Ishmael Davis on the card uh defending his title against Fauaz. What a brilliant fight. You got Sandy Ryan challenging for the world title. Um so much more to be added even to that card. And then the week after is for me one of the best fights I I'd even say one of the best fights and nights I'm looking forward to that I've ever been a been around. Shuga Neunez against Navarrete, two Mexican world champions in a in a unification fight in Arizona. And wait to see the undercard for that fight. It God, it's war after war after war. So, yeah, we're really proud of January and February. We've got to keep going. Um you know, March is is shaping up nicely as well, but a a red-hot start for Matchroom and DAZN. And just finally, um we've all seen photos and videos of Katie Taylor in the gym recently. I think, you know, she's never truly out of it, is she? But any update on on Katie's plans? Yeah, I think, look, you know, Katie's Katie. She's going to be fit, she's going to be ready, she loves the sport of boxing. I think it's going to have to take something exciting to get her back in the ring. But, you know, the the new year now is upon us, so those conversations will be starting in the next couple of weeks, and we'll see we'll see what happens. If she calls it a day, I think she goes down as one of the greatest legends of all time, not even in boxing, but but across sport, but you know, I'm sure there's a little bit left in the tank, but but Katie will make a decision with Brian and the team and and Ross and her family and and us in the next couple of months, I guess. Eddie, thanks catching up, and blockbuster few weeks coming up. &gt;&gt; Cheers.