Kind: captions Language: en now joined by promoter and translator Mr. Eddie Hearn. Eddie, we just saw there the FIFA Club World Cup promo. Lots to look forward to on the zone right now. And that shows you the direction they're trying to move in. Incredible. I mean, the fact that every major team virtually Celtics actually around the world is competing live on the zone. I mean, we are renowned really in most people's mind, I guess, in this country and in America as uh a boxing platform, but it's not. It's a global sports platform. And the FIFA Club World Cup is a massive catch for the zone. And you know, not only can you watch great nights of boxing like Saturday, you can also watch all the major teams, virtually every major team from from around the world. You're calling this the final hurdle for Galia fight towards a fight against Conroy. We know he's got a big fight coming up next month himself as unified champion. But I asked Aaron this question. You believe Gala is ready all going well on Saturday? I actually think this is a very very tough fight and you know Gala I don't think quite like my question about Sunny Edwards. The reality is is whatever way you want to look at it, we didn't know that when Sunonny Edwards entered that ring probably mentally like the whatever Galo says Sunny mentally wasn't 100% going into that fight. Now, he still took him to pieces and it was a brilliant performance and I guess he wants, you know, his flowers for that performance. He should get it, but the the mindset of Rodriguez versus the mindset of Sunny Edwards going into this fight is very different. I know these guys, right? We work with a lot of Mexican fighters. When a guy comes coming up to me saying, "Thank you for this opportunity. I promise you I will not let you down on Saturday night." This is Rodriguez. I don't even know the guy. This is his absolute everything. And these young men are so tough, Jamie. Like they go over to Japan. I thought he beat Aayoka. I thought it was a very close fight. Terzas, these guys, he's a former unified world champion. went 10 with Nakat. He is going to give Yafi all he can handle. I believe Yafi will come through. But this is the when people talk about that preparation to fight for a world title. This is absolutely it. I mean Galo talks about all right to beat the ring magazine number one the WBC. Yeah. But by the way in doing it you are giving yourself every opportunity to win that title when the big opportunity comes. Does it does he need to look good? I know you always need to look good. Yeah, I mean this is what we keep talking about at the moment, right? And and I see like this whole Tom and Jerry stuff like be exciting. When has Gal not been in an exciting fight? Every time he fights, he's all action. Your stock, your value rises when you look spectacular. So really, you look at Terzas, obviously Mr. Honda and those guys want to bring Galia to Japan for that fight. That is the key market for the lighterweight divisions, for the big fights. What we want is a thriller where Galia fight looks sensational and maybe we can bring that fight to Birmingham. Do you know what I mean? So you're under pressure every time you fight to perform and and fighters. You I say I got asked so many so many questions last week about what do you think about the comments about you have to be entertaining. My answer is this. You have your own style, right? You shouldn't necessarily have to adapt that to try and survive in the game. Just understand if you are entertaining, the show goes on, your stock rises and the opportunities increase. And and I guess as well in this city still looking for a real star, you know, they they haven't had one for a long time. And if he was to back up the performance that he done against Sunny Edwards on Saturday night, he's well on his way. I also feel D sometimes like the lighterweight divisions just don't really get the credit. I mean, the reality is is Gala is a flyweight. So what I mean look at Ban Rodriguez, top five poundfor-pound, one of the biggest stars in the sport, but it is a harder route. You have to almost do something more spectacular to get the recognition. He should get that recognition anyway. He's an Olympic gold medalist. So, you know, but I feel like sometimes people look at the opponent, you know, like, you know, just a casual boxing fan might say, "Oh, Rodriguez, I was it's a Mexican. It's just a Galo victory, isn't it?" They don't necessarily watch the tape, look at the unified championship victories, look at the big fights in Japan and know that this is by far given now what we know about Sunny, sorry, Galo, the toughest fight of his career so far. Like it can only be a war and that's what you want when you bring in an opponent. It's a bit like Beluta, right? It's like, what were they saying up there? Because obviously we couldn't understand. was he was all jokes aside my my Spanish and with a little Romanian mix wasn't quite up to speed but basically saying that he's going to have a spectacular victory on Saturday and he believes it by the way I mean look also you know like when you got a team of people like Lee Eaton like these kind of guys behind Baluta they're right bang up for it and that's that's what you want you know when we got the phone call from Shabbaz to say that he was out it's always a gutter I mean don't forget Mcgreo hasn't had the best of luck right Dennis Macan pulled out. Well, he he failed a test, so he was out of the fight. All of a sudden, Shabbaz is out of the fight. He's agreeing to all of these fights. And then all of a sudden, Tom Dallas goes to me, Beluta's up for it. And I'm like, oh yes, will he take it? It wasn't he like, will you fight Beluta? A million% put me in. But that's like if you are as good as you're supposed to be, you'll beat Beluta. And great narrative too with the victories over the lads in the course of Brad Strand. That's where you've got to be. It's a bit like Yafi. If Yafi can't beat Rodriguez, he's not gonna beat Terzas. Agreed. I mean, like, that's And and by the way, if Mcgra can't beat Belaluta, he's not going to win a world championship. And if he does, if he does, I'm I'm so intrigued about the route that Mcgra will go on if he does get the win. What What's the plan for him? There's only one champion in the division, which is a new way. That all changes in September when Akmadv dethrones him in Japan. And then we can talk about Akmadv against Mcgra. It's a great fight, but also look, I know that's me being a fanboy, but in over time, the belts are going to fragment. So, what you have to do with someone like Peter McGra is get him into a mandatory position for that world title. That's all you can do. And that could be against MJ, could be against Inua, or it could be for a vacant title. But I like the mindset of where Pete is at in his career right now, which is I'm I'm ready for everybody. I don't care if it's Shabbaz. I don't care if it's Macan. I don't care if it's Beluta. give me the big fights and that's what that's you look to revisit the Massud fight. Yeah, for sure. I mean, look, Massud, I don't think he's going to be out for a huge period of time. So, he's going to want to come back and have a big fight and know we got some big nights planned. So, that that's a great fight, but as is this one against Beluta. Got to ask you about one of your favorites. You you referenced the the watch along when you're over in the States when, let's be honest, he was miles down. Darren said he's got to throw the kitchen sink. He did it last year. I was watching Connell Walker against Liam Taylor and you know, look, I'm always going to talk it up. The fight was over. I mean, it almost had I mean, it was worse than Wardley against Honey because that's the heavyweights and know even though Honey was well in control, this weren't even close, was it? I you'd struggle to give Connor Walker more than one round, two rounds in that fight. And against such a style like Harry Scarf, it's just like I was just sitting there waiting for the rounds to go out and I go, "Fair play to Connor Walker. He's giving it a go." And he's fought as he said, Harry Scarf, which no one wants to do. And it wasn't like it was coming, was it? It wasn't like, oh, and all of a sudden it was a set up beautifully. And like I just love to see people change their life like Connor Walker has, but he's only just at the tip of the iceberg in terms of what could become. Like if he beats Liam Taylor on Saturday, he's guaranteed another big domestic fight, but he's also how far away from the belts at 147 are all of a sudden becoming fragmented. He told me he wants the winner of Crocodon. Yeah, but not just the winner of Crocodonovan. And you got Gears off who's going to fight for the super championship. He's going to get himself ranked with the WBA as well. Who knows what could happen like but it's, you know, it doesn't matter if it's Connor Walker, doesn't matter if it's Dave Allen, you know, it's just something about seeing a fighter go on a run against all odds and just go through the levels of payday and maybe houses, do you know what I mean? And just see a guy, you have to remember Connor Walker was at area title level getting beat, right? English title level getting beat and he just took a fight against Cyrus Patterson as an opponent. Cyrus Patterson was us. He was a like we just expect him to stroll through Connor Walker in a in a good fight and he wins that fight. He has an absolute hellacious war against Lewis Crocker in a fight that could have gone either way. Comes back, you know, beats Lewis Ritson, beats Harry Scarf in a classic. This fight, I wouldn't say 50/50 cuz I think Connor's on a great run, but pretty much 5050. Certainly a better startle for Conor Walker. Oh well, he said I'm looking forward to this fight. But how many times can you go to the well, you know, and he's going to be there again on Saturday going to the well. Serious crop of youngsters on the undercard. But someone I'm so in excited to watch is the debut. Yeah. Aton 21 bites, 21 wins, nine by she just said there she had a couple of hundred kickboxing fights and never lost. Never lost any fight. There's there's tape. There's tape. There's tape of tier eight in a cage UFC style. I mean, I don't know how old she is. Nine, 10. I think she's doing interview. All right. I was going to call her over cuz I'm fascinated by the story, right? I think I know the one. I think she's 12. Yeah. But it's like, but you can't strike, but you can grapple. And they're in there and she's like slinging her over. I'm like this like she's a fighting machine. And I love the story. And I've seen the old YouTube videos of her dad like driving her around the country. Now she's flying all over the world with with Dean a trainer and stuff like that. She's never been beaten in any combat, right? She's had 21 amateur fights, nine or 10 knockouts. She's stopping girls. Everything she goes into. Tia, come here. Oh, come on, Tia. We'll bring you in. You said to us you've had a couple of hundred fights undefeated as well. Is that kickboxing? Yeah, Muay Thai MMA kickboxing. So my time you lost? No, the last time I lost I was eight. So and I've only lost three times actually. And what was that discipline? Um well I was so upset. No, no, no. But as in like was it Mai wrestling? Well um I'd lost once in kit boxing and twice in Muay Thai. And how many fights have you had in total? Like over 300. So right. Yeah. I mean I'm so glad you come into boxing because I think you could have been a UFC star as well. I know I could have, but I like when you when you unify all the divisions and then we go to UFC, just make sure I represent you. All right. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Thanks. And also, we should also mention about your rapping ability. So, I just want to tell a little story, right? So, Tia, there was a video on YouTube of her. Yeah. Her and her dad, she created a rap, right? I can It's actually stuck with me. It's like a Y t o n something. Yeah. Right. No, I It's It's so good. Right. I said to Brian Peters, her manager, we need to release this. Can't believe this. She's removed the video. Yeah. She's got her dad to take it down. I thought it was going to be your ring walk. No, cuz they wanted me to do that. I said, "No." In the ring. Will you do? Yeah. No. Okay. Maybe like after a few fights, but not this. No. I'm I am We need to release that before the debut on Saturday. Well, we'll see. I'll actually get No, no, you won't get B. No one's going to bully you. Trust me. Before we let you go, Tia, quick prediction. What What will happens on Saturday night? I hope I'll do a stopage. That's my predictions. But either way, I'm going to win. Okay. The start of a very exciting journey here. Thanks for joining us. We'll let you jump out. Thank you. That reminded me like the Louis Thuru rap there. I know. Yeah. It's really good. No, but it's just like do you know what excites me when you've been on that journey from I don't know eight or seven and you imagine like I mean look you got a daughter right I've got a daughter you imagine going on that journey all these international tournaments like kickboxing boxing and then all of a sudden like you're pro-deuting on Saturday night it's so excit I think our dad's around I can't wait I've not met him yet but I just can't wait to just feel a my dad always said to me if you can get 1% of the buzz of a fighter or that person and you imagine being like of that incredible experience and she's a born fighter. She's a oneoff. He's so proud. He's been It should be because of the dedication. I doubt it. I doubt it. No, but he should be because of the dedication she showed. You know, kids these days, you know, you you go in for something for 6 months or a year, then you find something else, then you find going out with your mates, then this and that. It's a pure dedication from six or seven years born to fight future world champion. She better look good on Saturday because I've really talked it up. I got ask you quickly about Pat Brown. He he someone we lost over there. Firstly, I've got to ask the thinking putting him on there. There's one thing keeping a fighter active twice in two weeks. What's the thoughts behind that? Well, just because you need to be active at this stage in your career. You know the route with Pat, every fighter when you sit down with fighters, I mean T as an example and Leo and Adam Macka, they're 18 years of age. So it's like have six or seven sixrounders, but Pat is two sixrounders, two eight rounders, then into the 10. So we've got a great opponent for him, not just on Saturday, but in Manchester as well. It's a it's a really good step up. And I just feel like the only concern on Saturday is like he said, it's in your head a little bit. It's like I'm fighting in two weeks and you know that he sold a lot of tickets for Saturday, but he he'll do a thousand in Manchester. So he's thinking, buy me. I don't want to, you know, get a nick here or damage a hand and I'm out of Manchester. So, it's a little bit difficult. But just very quickly, just on that, I'm just thinking about the journeys that certain fighters take and someone like um Pat Brown who's got that unbelievable pedigree but gets moved along quicker. Do you see their careers being shorter than the average fighter? Probably in terms of fights because you're getting there much quicker. So normally with a with a debutant like the contract would read anywhere between four and six six round fights depending on their age and their amateur experience. Like if you look at Galao he's had nine fights. He's a WBC interim world champion. I think he's had oh his first fight was a championship fight. 10 rounds. Yeah. Do you know what I mean? So, but with Pat, it's like, you know, with his style, he's going to be even better over 10 rounds, you know, than he would be over six, cuz maybe one or two rounds, he just gets gets into the fight. But he's a handful. Horrible. Imagine fighting Pat Brown. What an horrible big on his shoulders. I know. I do not mind you. Did you see him? He was, you know, he takes a lot of hand down. Yeah. But I listen, Pat's also a great personality and and a real solid human being. And I've got to say that the I won't call it a partnership, but the the friendship between Dave and Pat Brown is one of the funniest things in boxing. I mean, you should have heard him earlier. The really I think Pat, especially that gym, has been really good for Dave Allen because you don't mess around in that gym. Do you know what I mean? I mean, I was so shocked when Dave Allen told me today that last night he was on the treadmill. He was at 10 voucher. He was I was, as he told me, only 10 km an hour. But listen, it's a start. You know, it was a speed walk. What's next for Dave? Uh, Wilder, we're in negotiations for a couple of massive fights. I've heard some mad I know. And Dave has put himself in a position because of his not just because of his win, but because of his personality and because of his profile that he's, and he won't mind me saying this, he's a good opponent, right? But we want him to be more than that, right? He's made good money. And if he gets that shot against someone I'm referring to, you're talking about more on suites than he could have ever dreamed of, right? I'm talking about the big mansion, right? Which is nothing would nothing would make me happier to see Dave Allen walking around his multi on suite mansion in his dressing gown, his slippers, right? I mean, you must feel the same, right? Just so coke in his but part of me just feels like we've got so much more to give on this journey. And I would like him in a sense if we don't land that big fight to fight TKV for the British title. I would I would love to see him win the British title. But at the same time, if the big opportunity comes, it's so hard not to take that opportunity. It's a really This is where the strategy really comes in. You got to really think carefully because he's for the first time in his career, he's in a really good position. He's got a long-term contract with great money and great opportunity. But bit harsh on the work Darren did with him. Well, yeah, that was a long time ago. you know, he's really grown as a manager since then, you know, but but it's like Yeah. Um but we got to remember those opportunities don't come around very often. And you know, I know there was a lot said about maybe six years ago, he had an opportunity to fight Daniel Dubois for for good money. And I said to him, I don't think you should fight him. He wasn't training like he it would have been so bad to to watch and so dangerous. And I just said to him, if you get yourself back in position, I think you'll make that money anyway. And he never got himself back in position because he just went off the rails. But now I look back and I'm glad he never took that fight if I'm honest because I'm not even sure he'd still be in the game this long. And we just got to think really carefully because, you know, I really want him to make the right decision. But I also selfishly as a promoter, we've got a little bit of a diamond in the rough there. Someone that's a massive star at the moment. Let's have it right. You know, I keep saying to people outside of Fury and AJ and Eubank and Ben, tell me the other big names of British boxing. Dave Allen's right up there and people might say, "Come on." But fan, I mean, we see it in our digital numbers in the interactions. Ask all these the members of the media here. So, we'll see what happens. He could be in a monster fight next or if not, he'll fight for the British title, which would make me very happy as well. And guess what? I think he'll fill up Sheffield Arena. Quick one just before we let you go. Speaking of opportunity, moving up to 154 pounds of teams for Jeron Bennis. Have you had any conversations with him? Yeah, loads over the I mean, it's been a very difficult decision over the last month or so. You know, like part of us, you see the performance against um Stanis and if I said to you that that was probably 60% of what Boots Enis has, imagine what he's going to do at 154. Like you you've only got to look at the guy on fight week to know that he's depleted. But listen, he's raining. He's recovering and he's still that was a sensational performance. But he's like, "Ed, I know how I'm feeling and I'm just not I'm not powerful like I should be." I'm like, "Really?" And he says, "Look, watch me at 154." And honestly, this guy is going to put the fear of God up everybody at 154, not just at 54, at 60 as well over the next year or so. He's a massive guy. And those extra seven pounds are going to be huge for his performance. So back in August, September and then ready for everybody. Virgil Ortiz, Mutzel, Fondora, anyone you want. That that boots for me 100% physical Giron Enis will be unbeatable. Talking about those mega fights, just the final one to finish on. Bring it back to Birmingham. Bring it back to Gallaya. He told me the dream opponent is B Rodriguez. Different Rodriguez. I think one day we'll see that. That's an absolute natural fight. just how long Bam will stay at 115 pounds. You know, I think the move for Bam to Banttom is quite soon. The fight against KFU is the toughest fight in the division for him. I know the Pummer fight's a great fight, but style-wise, that's a good fight for Bam Rodriguez. Kafu is very tricky, very, very talented. We've sold nearly 7,000 tickets already for July 19. It's going to be a huge crowd in Arlington. And um Bam special. I was watching some tape of him earlier training, but but but Bam against Galao is a mega fight. It's just a case of are we going to get there, you know, and uh maybe over time. Well, this is boxing. We love it. We can stand here and talk all day. That was the press conference. Join us tomorrow for the official weigh in fighters on the scale from 1 p.m. Head on down to BP Pulse live if you are in Birmingham and can watch the weigh in live in person. From myself, Jamie Ward, Eddie Hearn, and Darren Barker. Push it.