Kind: captions Language: en What a shot. The female of the year. Well, hello and welcome back to Flash Knockdown series 6, episode number 10. Would you believe it? We've not been sacked yet. Here's what we have coming up for you all on today's show. Promoter Eddie Hearn joins us to review our Orlando show, discuss the Garner announcement, and much more from the [music] boxing world, including controversial scorecards and Ambulance Gate, which has continued this week. The gorilla John Ryder is in the studio to discuss his transition from professional fighter to coach and take on our weekly charity quiz. 20-year-old 10-0 middleweight [music] hot shot prospect Ley Buttergy stops by the studio here in Finchley to talk his next outing on December the 17th. Showtime Sunonny Edwards joins us on the phone as well to discuss his promising stable of fighters, his recent surgery, and potentially a ring return [music] next year. And of course, there's all the usual chat, quiz, and much more coming up. You know what to do. We're very happy to say, as always, joining us on Flash Knockdown is promoter Eddie Hearn. It's always quite fun trying to guess where Eddie is in the world. And I believe you're downstairs in a gym somewhere, aren't you, right now posing? &gt;&gt; I'm in a gym. Uh yeah. uh still on the east coast and getting ready for Virgil Ortiz against uh Luben on Saturday. Going to be in Dallas with Boots and then the Dortmund Smith press conference as well before heading to London for the big one Eubank Ben and Redemption next Saturday at Tottenham Hotspur. &gt;&gt; We'll just start Eddie by reviewing the the past weekend's action as always. Quite a lot went on actually, but from a matchroom perspective first of all, who caught the attention of Eddie Hearn from ringside in Orlando? Well, I mean, two of our top prospects from around the world on both sides of the Atlantic. I mean, firstly, Pat Brown just absolutely phenomenal in Orlando. I mean, we know over here how good this young man is. Obviously, the American audience got to see that. It was a massive statement on his US debut. A big step up against Felix Valera and just a complete demolition job. I'm so excited about the future of Pat Brown. I think he's a world champion in waiting. only five fights of course there is a long way to go but at 25 years of age just phenomenal and I think Amari Jones as well you know hometown hero um huge support for him in Orlando and and again looked razor sharp against a guy that was supposed to give him rounds as well and and we're very blessed with the team of young prospects we have but I think uh yeah those two were outstanding on Saturday &gt;&gt; what did you make of the main event &gt;&gt; I think um you know it was a difficult fight for both in some respects I mean for firstly for Jordan Thompson, you know, he moves up to heavy he heavyweight after two years out of the ring fighting, you know, the the WBA number two in the world. And I thought he gave a fantastic account of himself, you know, when I got in the ring after him and and, you know, Don Charles were like, "What do you think? What do you think?" I was like, "No, you know, you you've lost the fight." Because the first six rounds of the fight, you you allowed Per Pero to win basically every round. You didn't believe in yourself. You didn't assert yourself in the fight. But as you started to believe in yourself, you started to win rounds. And I actually thought Jordan Thompson won the back half of the fight. But he didn't bank enough rounds to get the decision and obviously got hurt himself in the ninth round. But I think he can come away from that and go, you know what, I mean, I look good. Uh technically, he's very good. He's I said, you got to use your size more. You got to believe in yourself. He's a massive man. Uh Pero was okay. I think sometimes we got to remember as well, he's only had 12 fights. He hasn't boxed on that kind of occasion before, but he's got to be much better if he's going to be a world champion contender, you know, and um I think he will be as well. I think it was the first time he got himself in decent shape. He's got to get himself in better shape, but he's a great talent and he's going to be involved in some big fights. He's going to have to be better if he's going to win those fights. And for Jordan Thompson, I really believe he can come again. I think there's some big domestic fights out there for him. And uh you know, he's just, like I said, just got to believe in himself, but he's got to get active as well. It's difficult to come back after that kind of layoff. &gt;&gt; Speaking of big fights for for Lenny Pero, is it big baby Miller, your old mate? You seem pretty chummy at ringside. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it was a bit random really to be honest with you. I mean like he he said he was driving down for the show and then all of a sudden he was sitting ringside and then all of a sudden he was in the ring after. None of which I orchestrated which is makes a change but like he just popped up in the ring calling Pero out. So Big Baby Miller against Pero. I don't mind the fight, you know. Um but it's a tough fight for Pero you know after that showing like I said he's got to be much better. &gt;&gt; Big news as well Ed because we are on the plane to Africa Garner. Uh just tell us how this has come about and how excited you are from a matching perspective as well. &gt;&gt; Yeah so obviously there's been a lot of discussions with Anthony Joshua uh Frank Smith Freddy Cunningham 258 about a potential AJ fight in Dhana next year but they have been doing a lot of shows. I mean, I watched a show previously. It was absolutely wild. The atmosphere was incredible. Um, and then we got the invite, if you like, the opportunity to be part of a show there in December to promote the show to have our fighters across the board. And you've seen that with obviously Craig Richards against Dan Aziz is a great fight. Huge opportunity and experience for Leo Atang, Nishant, Dev, and others as well. So, um, we're looking forward to it. It's our first show in Africa. Um and and I think it's going to be the start of many more. Boxing in Africa seems to be flying at the moment. You know, there are discussions about a possible Anthony Joshua fight in Africa in 2026 as well. Um so we'll have to see. But but really excited to add that to what is a mad end of the year. I mean from next week it's seven straight weeks till till basically New Year's Eve and um every continent virtually covered in the world and we can't wait. you were quoted any last week in in Florida about AJ fighting this side of 2026. In terms of potentially when that could happen, you look at the shows, you look at Saudi at the end of December, you look at this one in Ghana, you look at the Indigo at the O2, I can't imagine it's going to be that one. So, if he does land, where is it most likely to be? &gt;&gt; Well, he's actually a big fan of the Indigo. Um, so I don't know. I kind of I get asked this question about 30 times a day and I I actually I said yes rather than no. I don't know what happened but it's it's actually caused me massive problems because every media out there is asking me well they're guessing is it going to be Stockton? Is it going to be you know Birmingham? Is it going to be uh Garner? Um and the answer is I don't know. I mean look there are there have been some conversations with Jake Paul's team. We know that. Whether that's a possibility, I don't know, but you know, it's honestly like I I I don't know if he's gonna fight in 2025. I think there's a very good chance he can, but then when I say that, everyone goes, "Well, where?" And they start kind of analyzing, you know, every potential venue, um, etc. So, he's just about, as I said, and you all know, started training camp and he's looking to fight, whether that's February, whether that's Jake Paul, whether that's one of our existing shows this year. Anything's possible at this stage. &gt;&gt; From what we understand as well, Eddie, he's not with Ben Davidson anymore. What can you tell us? &gt;&gt; No, I mean, I don't think there's any, you know, confirmed decision on that. You know, he, you know, AJ, he travels around the world a lot. He likes to go into training camps. He likes to explore. He likes to learn. And that's really what he's doing at the moment. You know, it's been well documented. He popped in and saw the Usyk team, you know, did some work with them. Um, so yeah, I don't think anything official and when there is anything official, it will come from Anthony Joshua. &gt;&gt; You mentioned Jake Paul there, another power yours. It looks like recently from social media that he wants to fight Francis and Garnu. What do you make of that whole situation? &gt;&gt; I don't know. I mean, look, I know that there's been some conversations with myself and Nikisa. I think Jake and AJ have spoke as well. you know, from our point of view, if we're going to have a runout fight, why not run out against Jake Paul, you know, for a lot of money. So, um, there's ongoing conversations there. I can't tell you it's close. I can't tell you we've seen a contract, but if he genuinely wants to fight Anthony Joshua, I don't see why we wouldn't have a chance to do that fight. But, um, you know, our focus is on really a charge for the World Heavyweight Championship and a charge at Tyson Fury. We can't control that either. So, like I said, that's why I said to you absolutely at the moment, anything is possible, you know, and that that includes a potential Jake Paul fight. &gt;&gt; Just elsewhere Edd in the boxing world, the Queensbury show, again, it just seems a bit of a running theme in boxing these days that it's the scorecards that are capturing the headlines. Did you manage to catch any of the Joshua Patty fight and the rest of the show? &gt;&gt; Uh, we we had it on the phone while we were at the show ourselves in Orlando. I didn't watch the whole fight. I watched many rounds. You know, I was listening to KL Frampton's commentary who basically said that Zack Parker won every round apart from one round and that was a a sympathy round for Joshua Batsi. So, when you're hearing that kind of commentary, you can't possibly think that Zack Parker's going to lose the fight. So, I haven't had a chance to watch the whole fight. There wasn't I don't think there was one person other than the judges who thought Joshua Batsi won the fight by the sounds of things. So, um you got a feel for Zack Parker, but I I haven't seen it in full. you know, it's a it's a worrying trend. Um, and I don't know what the answer to cuz every time there's a bad set of scorecards, everybody just goes, "Yeah, but scoring's subjective." And that is 100% true. But unfortunately for people like Zack Parker, he's taking away his opportunities and his dreams and a lot of money um in a fight that no one saw Joshua winning other than couple of gizers ringside. &gt;&gt; What would you do if you were in charge now? What would you change? I just think you have to keep evolving and making sure the judges are as good as possible. And I think judges have to be accountable to explain their decision. You know, if scoring is subjective, which we know it is, then let's at least hear their reasons for it. You know, I mean, and probably the reasons in that fight, judging by what happened in the fight was Zack Parker was being extremely defensive. you know, he was boxing off the back foot and and Batsi was pressing the fight, but you can press the fight and get out landed or, you know, outboxed or just because you're coming forward doesn't mean you you're going to win the rounds. But some judges like aggression. That that is a fact, you know, and and also the problem is as well is a lot of fighters, a lot of judges, you know, they like a certain style. They've heard of Batsi. They probably haven't heard of Zack Parker, you know. I don't know. There's all kinds of things that come into it, but what I would do is I would want judges to be held accountable and just to explain their decision a little bit more and keep evolving and you know there's always a lot of talk about kind of ex fighters and stuff like that. The problem is with that is ex fighters know other fighters, they know other promoters, they know other managers, they know other trainers, they have relationships with those teams. That becomes quite difficult as well. So I think we can we can all moan about it and we're right to moan but it's very difficult to know what the answer is. But I think at least an explanation from the judges as to why they were the only people in the world that scored it like that is is really the least we should get as fans. &gt;&gt; When you look at that &gt;&gt; and more importantly fighter &gt;&gt; and when you look at that domestic scene just quickly at 175 you know Craig Richards Daniz Joshua Batzi Zack Parker these all guys that you think will be next in the frame to face someone like Ben Whitaker? Yeah, as I said, you know, for Ben Whitaker, there's three layers right now. You know, there's the the great domestic fights, there's the the worldlevel domestic fights, and then there's the real elite guys. So, up the top, you've got Benvdes, Bivol, Betterbe, and then underneath that you've got Callum Smith, although he's an elite guy, you know, he's still in that mix of the ones that aren't world champions, um, and haven't won a world title at 75. And, you know, you got yard in there as well. I mean, Batsi, I guess you have to put him in there even after Saturday. But, you know, then beneath that, you've got Craig Richards, you got Daniz, you got Willie Hutchinson, you got those guys. So, Ben's going to go through every one of those levels. And the intention is is that he sits in that top tier, but to do it, you have to go through the levels. He's only had 10 fights. He hasn't really fought any serious opposition yet. November 29 will tell us where he's at. But those names that I mentioned in tier three, if you like, are the guys that we'll be targeting spring summer of of 2026. &gt;&gt; Last couple before we let you go in terms of what's happening this weekend with Virgil Ortiz. Tough fight for him against Lubin, but you're going to be ringing side with Jeron and it's all going well. Could we see a face off? &gt;&gt; I'm not sure Golden Boy want to get involved in all that, which is a little bit disheartening, but look, we we're going to &gt;&gt; show the world that we want the fight. Like we're making the effort to go, right? I haven't got a show this weekend. You know, I'm I'm on the East Coast, but I'm going to Dallas. I I you know, I love boxing, but I'm going for one reason. For me and Boots to sit there, watch a potential opponent, but more importantly, make it known to the world that we want this fight. And we want this fight. You know, we can chase world champions and they can chase world champions. But the reality is Boots Against Ortiz is one of the best fights that can be made in boxing. It's there to be done. It's already been pre-aggreed in a room with me, Oscar, and Don. Let's sign the contracts, but he's got to come through Saturday. It's not an easy fight. &gt;&gt; And just finally, Ambulance Gate is back. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; What did you make of the video that &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, yeah, it's frustrating because obviously, look, it's with with our lawyers and, you know, Chris can kind of worm and weasle around what he said, but you got to look at what he said, you know, and I saw the video and yes, you know, he went to a gate and this is long after the event has finished and I believe the control room at Tottenham Hotspur have to uh approve the the gates to be open of which that's what happened. What he said was Eddie Hearn and Matroom stopped the ambulance from leaving. And unfortunately those who don't quite have the intellect to deal with that can get beused and and be bewildered by a little bit of clever editing. you know, we have to ensure that people can get to the hospital as soon as possible, of course, and that's the hands of the British Boxing Border Patrol and the medical services of which I believe Robert Smith was on talkport this morning and you know um gave a full statement. They've had a full investigation and were happy with their procedures. Um but it's not what Chris Eubank said. Chris Eubank said that Eddie Hearn and Matram stopped the ambulance from leaving Tottenham Hotspur. He accused me of stopping him from getting medical attention, which as I've said before, I will not have it. So, you can try and weasle around with some clever editing, but the reality is is stand on what you said or apologize. And if you think that's what I've done, you can say it again, but you won't hear him say it again. He'll just say, "No, you know what I'm actually trying to say is no, no, what you said was bang out of order. It was defamation, and it'll be dealt with." but he's stubborn and he'll try and trick and you know um be smart on social media. But you know it is what it is that the fight's the fight and that's what's important and the other stuff will be dealt with in due course. &gt;&gt; You're up for next week, aren't you? I imagine &gt;&gt; I'm bang up for it. Of course I'm always up for it. How can you not be up for 70,000 people at at Spurs in a in a bad blood rematch? So forget scoring points on social media. Connor Benners worked meticulously is in this training camp. No [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] no trying to, you know, get fans on the side, do this, do that. Like just graft, hard work and graft for redemption at Tottenham Hotspur next week. And that's what we're gunning for. &gt;&gt; Top man Eddie, pleasure as always. Thanks so much for your time. I know you're a busy man. So, uh, we'll let you carry on your your workout session. Men's health cover 2026 coming soon, I believe. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Right. See you later. &gt;&gt; Cheers, mate. Well, throughout series 6 so far, we've been very fortunate to be joined by some of the best upand cominging prospects in the Matrram stable. And today is in fact no different. Joining us now is 10-0, 20 years old, Ley Butgy. Ley, thanks so much for coming down. I I guess firstly, when you when you look at the last fight, York, another really tough opponent were cut as well in that fight. A lot more lessons learned. How is the cut healing up first of all? Yeah, the cut's healing up nice. Uh, do have my stitches out beginning of this week. So, yeah, it's healing up good. Go back to sparring this week and get ready for December. &gt;&gt; What did you make of your performance at York and the and the challenge that was in front of you as well? &gt;&gt; Uh, I'm very critical of myself. I don't think I wasn't the most happy with it. But when I watched it back, I thought I see where I have to work on things and where we need to go and what we need to go work on in the gym. So yeah, it was better when I watched it back, but a game opponent, experienced, never been stopped before. So yeah, I was quite happy with it to be honest. &gt;&gt; So just announced December 17th, you're back in action. And when you look at that will be your fifth fight of 20125. And when you look at who you've boxed as well, look, you started off the year against James Todd, who had just come off a an unbelievable fight with Commonwealth Games, bronze medalist, Aaron Bowen, had him down in that fight. You beat him well and then three opponents with winning records on the spin since then. What what have you made of your 2025 in general so far? &gt;&gt; Yeah, uh good to be honest. Um you know, the opponents have gradually stepped up and my performances have got better. So, it shows like the more the better the opponents are, the more like I can bring, the more comes out of me. And um yeah, just to keep stepping up gradually, you know, not be rushed into anything. You know, I'm still young, but I'll be ready for whatever comes my way. when the names are put to you, you know, I know you you've got a great team around you, but are you ever like, "Bloody h yeah, any chance of an easier touch or do you enjoy these tough names that being put to you so early in your career?" &gt;&gt; No, I enjoy it. You know, it makes me want to train harder in the gym. It makes me more like tunnel vision, more hungry, and like it makes more excited to go to the gym and actually work on things. So, I'm enjoying it gradually stepping up and um I'm sure there'll be some big fights next year. &gt;&gt; How's life changed for you since you turned professional a couple years ago? Uh to be honest like quite the same you know um boxing gym home that's it. It's my life basically uh as amateur the same literally live in the gym come home but this is what I do literally live the life training or fighting. &gt;&gt; I've asked all the young fighters lately this question who have come on the show but why was it boxing? Why was that something that you you turned your hand to? &gt;&gt; To be honest it's like the only thing I was good at. Literally I just love to fight. Um, my dad put me into boxing when I was young at the age of seven and it stuck me since. I literally love the sport that more than I love anything else. So, this is my life. &gt;&gt; How quickly did you you sort of start to believe I guess that this was something that you wanted to pursue and you wanted to do as a career? &gt;&gt; Uh, from after I won my first national title, you know, it was my dream to win the Golden Gloves and as a school boy. Um I failed it the first two years and then my third try I won the golden gloves and after that I thought maybe I can carry on keep winning things and I carried on winning national titles since traveled the world like boxed for England and then turned pro match room so this is my life now I'm trying to go all the way. &gt;&gt; How pleased are you turned over when you did when you look at what you've achieved in in just 10 fights. &gt;&gt; Uh yeah no I'm happy with that. I wanted to turn pro at age 18. You know, a lot of people said, "Oh, it's too young. You won't that you get roughed out, you're going to be a grown men like you won't deal with it." And uh to be honest, I've proved them wrong. I'm telling no now turning 21 in March. So yeah, I proved a lot of people wrong and we should be pushing off titles next year. &gt;&gt; What do you think's changed about in terms of I guess when you think about the 18year-old Ley Bar, I remember it was Belfast, wasn't it? Yeah. &gt;&gt; You won in the first round, did you not? I think on your debut I remember it. And was that that was the Michael Conland Jordan Gil show that one &gt;&gt; under. Yeah. And you look at that Lily to the one who sits here now you know 10 and0 big fight coming up in December as well which we'll talk about but what do you think's most changed and what have you most learned about yourself in this time do you think &gt;&gt; uh to be honest it's bro like sprung sank out of me like as I've gradually stepped up it's like as the levels go on I can bring out I can unlock a new character in myself and like release something uh yeah that's what it is bring out a new version of me &gt;&gt; how important do you think boxing is then based on what you just said there for confidence and and self-belief particularly in in young people. Why do you think it's such an important sport? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think a lot of it is down to actually believing in yourself to go like all the way. I think you need to believe in yourself. If not, you're in the wrong sport. You literally boxing down to selfbelief and working hard. &gt;&gt; Was it a bit of an outlet for you at school? What were you like growing up at at school? &gt;&gt; To be honest, I didn't really like school. I used to only like school to go in and mess about with my mates and you know, I used to climb out of school. After school, I used to jog home in my uniform and get ready for boxing. Like I just in school, I'd be thinking about boxing all day. I used to bunk off lessons, sit on the stairs, and just watch boxing, waiting to go training. So yeah, that's it. I didn't really like school to be honest. &gt;&gt; Who did you used to watch? Who who was your early inspiration from a boxing perspective? &gt;&gt; Uh I used to like Mike Tyson, you know, just the way he was, the way he trained, I just thought he was a beast. And like when I watch training and like the way he trains, that's how I want to go into the gym, just give it 100%. cuz I know like the more I bleed and the more I sweat in training, the less you're going to bleed when you go to fight. &gt;&gt; What do you make of the domestic scene right now in around middleweight? &gt;&gt; I think it's a very good division. There's a lot of good competition. Uh a lot of good fights that can be made. Uh but yeah, I'm not into calling out. I'm just going to carry on working hard and if I'm sure the fights will happen cuz I know I'm heading to. So yeah, be some big fights for Le. So even though you're not a fan of calling them out, I'm allowed to. Obviously I can I can stir the pot, but like the likes of obviously Jimmy Sainz, George Leard, who you shared a card with very recently. Are they all names that you believe down the line you'll be in the ring with? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. The fights that could happen, you know, we're in the same we're in the same division. Uh to be I've known Jimmy for a long time. We used to box at Newan Boxing Club and Jimmy was always in like the group above me and he was actually one of the ones I used to look up to in Newan Boxing Club like oh I want to be like Jimmy and win national titles and it's crazy now we're all in the same division and these are big fights that can happen but yeah I've got a lot of respect for Jimmy Saints and George. &gt;&gt; You always get introed as the the Maltes monster. Uh just talk to us about your your Maltes heritage and and how proud you are of that as well. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. No, I go to Mort every year and you know Mort actually has some good fighters. you know, we're known for tough uh people. We're known for fighting and uh literally working hard. So, yeah, I'm I'm uh very happy to be from MA and like it's a privilege and I want to show like how good like fighters there are from that country. &gt;&gt; Is it your mom or your dad from Malta? &gt;&gt; Both. &gt;&gt; Both. Okay. So, 100% M easy. &gt;&gt; Okay. I never knew that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I go every year for holiday. So, it's nice. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, were you born in Malta or? &gt;&gt; Uh no, I was born here. &gt;&gt; Born in East London. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Born in East London. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. B E3. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, I used to live in uh lived in Stratford, lived in you know the Bo Bell's pub. &gt;&gt; Yeah, pretty much just like 2 minutes &gt;&gt; lived in there as well pretty [laughter] much. &gt;&gt; But um no m it's cool like in terms of when you when you think about Malta like you talk about the fighters Joe Cordina as well is a is a obviously a Maltese Welsh fighter is very proud of his heritage as well and often talks about one day having a big show over there. I mean what would that mean to you to be involved in that? &gt;&gt; Yeah, that would be literally a dream of mine to be honest to go and fight there. That's what I want to do you know. I want to go over to Mort and bring a lot of people out there with me. Know I got a few family over there. So that' be a dream of mine to fight there. &gt;&gt; So before we know who you're fighting December 17th, what's uh the big prediction from Ley Buttergy once again though for his own performance? &gt;&gt; Uh a a good performance is just a win. I know I'm going to get the win regardless. I'm coming there. You know, this is everything to me and me lose. I can't see myself losing. I'm give it everything I've got. You know, I'm coming. Do you think you're a bit of a throwback fighter le in the sense that you know you get for example one thing I love about boxing is the different characters you have even at the early stages of their career we had Hamzer Rudin in here who was saying which camera who's telling this camera here that he's the next superstar of boxing &gt;&gt; you're you're a slightly different character it seems to me that you do your talking in the ring why do you think that's so important to you to I just think that's where it matters you know I can do all this talking outside of here but at the end of the day there's only going to be two of us in the ring we're going to fight and if I'm doing all this talking out here and then I get in the ring and I don't perform then what did my talking mean to the cameras? I feel like when I fight in the ring and I win in good fashion that's the way I talk and that's what people are going to see. You know if I'm here just talk doing all this talking don't really mean much in the ring that's where it means stuff. &gt;&gt; Big fights coming up. One I want to ask you about is on a poster behind me Tottenham Hotspur Stadium next weekend. How do you see the rematch going with Eubank Junior and Connor Ben? I'm going with Connor Ben this time. Is it the same for the weight? &gt;&gt; I believe so. Believe it's exactly the same. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think Connor Ben Connor Ben win it this time. I think you could even stop him. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I've seen the training clips and he looks looks even more bad than last time. &gt;&gt; And in terms of yourself, just finally, Ley, I guess I've asked all the young fighters who have come on the show this question, but when you watch this back in the years to come, although you're not necessarily interested in calling people out, you you have ambition, you have a dream. What is the dream? Where do you believe you you go in the sport of boxing? &gt;&gt; I want to be a world champion. You know, since a little boy, I've always dreamed I'd be a world champion. I want to start off with like the British title and picking up domestic titles, but in the end, I want to be a world champion by the end of my career, 100%. &gt;&gt; Okay. Well, Emanuel Ley Buttery, the Maltese monster, certainly one to watch out for. Currently telling OB, a match very hard at the early stage of his professional journey. Says no to absolutely no man. Back in action December 17th at the Indigo, the O2 live on the zone. Certainly, as I say, one to watch out for. Ley, thanks so much for coming down and uh best luck in the rest of camp. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Top man. &gt;&gt; Cheers, Jamie. &gt;&gt; Okay, we're very happy to say joining us on the Flash Knockdown show this week is former IBF World Flyweight Champion, Showtime, Sunonny Edwards. Uh Sunny, the immediate question I have to ask you, it was quite well documented on social media that you went under the knife for a bit of surgery. Just uh firstly, how are you doing and how is the recovery going? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm into my second phase. I had to get a a cast change uh about six days ago. Um the first week or two was rough. Uh I'll be honest with you, Jamie, but um it's something I've been putting off since before I was a British champion, to be honest. Um I walked into that fight with two completely damaged hands. Then I learned I could get injections and then I just avoided the surgeon until until this month. I just I was always scared if I'm being brutally honest. Scared of being put to sleep, scared of being cut open, scared of everything. So my my idea was always just just train and keep fighting. Um but yeah, I had arthritis in my hand which I didn't know about. Um, all the ligaments and tendons were were damaged and they had to remove a part of my bone from my hand. They had to take a part of my bone from my hip and then they had to bolt it together with two or three metal bolts. But that's what that's what I had to have done. Um, but yeah, a good four, five years training onehanded, getting injections 10, 11 days before the fight and then competing with a numbed hand. that I hadn't really been able to train was the literal last four or five years of my career. Whatever whenever I beat Marcel Braithweight, that was the fight that in camp I damaged my hand for. &gt;&gt; Now you've had it done. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um you look, listen, you're retired, right? Apparently, but you've had a hand operation done. Have you been shadow boxing around your living room yet or what's happening? &gt;&gt; Um I don't know a little bit. Like right now, this is where we're at to look. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; That's where we're at right now. So, um I don't know how much legs that's got, Jamie, if I'm honest. So, yeah, not too much. I'm getting fat, though, is my problem. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you're enjoying retired life. You you've you've deserved it, mate. You know, you're you're a pundit now. You've been a world champion. Why shouldn't you enjoy yourself? &gt;&gt; You know what? I've been on a Jamie Ward day. You know, the hotel to hotel to bar to restaurant to, you know what I mean? I've been on I've been on that gig for the last uh well 12 months. &gt;&gt; Hang on a minute. You just said I'm getting fat. I've been on the Jamie Ward diet. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cheers, mate. Brilliant. &gt;&gt; Well, no. What I mean by that is when you're an international man of uh mystery and uh traveling the world one four plus star hotel at a time. Usually a slightly better room than what the fighters are getting. Um and flight. Um, I'm just saying normally it comes with calories. You know what I mean? It does. It does. &gt;&gt; What What honestly, Sunny? Right. What percentage would you put on a comeback? Do you want to come back? &gt;&gt; Um, I think it depends on on how um just to name a few of them, you know, Giorgio, Leo is get on in their next few fights. I think if if if it goes the right way, then I won't need to come back, Jamie. You know what I mean? But if they all start getting beat, then I might have to come back, Jamie. You know what I mean? &gt;&gt; I know. But what about regardless of that? I know you love what you do with with the young fighters, and we'll talk about that in a minute and an advisor role, but what about the itch? Is there still unfinished business from yourself? Do you feel like you still have more to give to professional boxing? &gt;&gt; Well, quite frankly, I still feel like I'm the biggest thing in flyweight world boxing. So, I'll probably wait for someone else to come near that that torch if I was ever come back. But right now, it's like even fighters beating me, don't even do it for him, you know what I mean? So, like there's a lot of groundwork in between me and the rest of them. I think like no one knows our division. We're typically under 5'5 and way less than the average female. So, it's hard for people to get anyone interested in anything we do in a boxing ring. is is a hard thing to do. That's why I stand out so much because there's so few of us that have that makes sense. Do you think part of the reason maybe you haven't missed it as much is because you've been so involved obviously since the Gal Yeah fight. You you've took up your position on the zone. You're a commentator on all the UK shows for Matrram. You host small talk with Charlie Parsons. I think that's scratched the itch in different ways for you being ringside on many big nights &gt;&gt; and I managed 13 14 fighters that and some of the best prospects I think of the next generation um when like without just naming all of them when you look at the likes of a Georgia Visi Leo Tang Bobby Flood who's coming through the rank uh very soon and other fighters that I've got as well I'm in a position where I'm not only um doing a lot of work with with matching and I've been blessed to sort of have that seamless transition. But I was purposefully setting up for the last two three years of my professional career. My next stages, my first fighter I managed was Thomas Aomba. Turned him in from a a journeyman really and an opponent to a European champion. Um he was my first fighter that I started managing that must have been now about four years ago. Um, and I can remember the very very last sticking point of me signing to Matum was me asking for four commentary gigs in my first year. And I did about seven in about four or five months. Like I was I was I was made busier than I than I expected to be and and I really enjoy it. Like the commentary the commentary side of things I love. I've got a deep passion for the commentary. Um the management a deep passion as well. uh uh being part of a team helping building brand uh storyline match uh prepare a fighter it that's my passion it always has been boxing um I've been put into some positions say about the small talk where maybe naturally I didn't ever really think it was something that was for me if that makes sense you know like the presenting side of things but I'm so glad I I've done and been doing it because I've worked on parts of you know my personality, my career that I don't think I would have ever went out my own way to do or maybe even feel possible to do. So, yeah, it's been it's been a crazy year. I was um I was counting the shows that I'd worked on just this year alone from Matchroom and it was every single UK one so far since I retired apart from Conway Lard is the only fight I've met and that's only because it was two days after Malberation. if it was now, I'd be able to have done it. Um, and it's it's kind of just following on from my childhood. My dad had us at every boxing show, amateurs, if anyone from our gym was fighting, we was there. If obviously we was fighting, we was there. Even if it was just like the a like the ABA finals, like we'd go, you know what I mean? Even when we were kids, like my weekends had been taken up by boxing since I was 9 years old. So like the hardest thing this year probably was the 6 week summer holiday we had when no shows happened. I was cracking up. I didn't know what to do. I weren't training. Went to the gym a few times. But like that felt more alien because usually when I've been in competition, even if I'm not training for a fight, I'm still in and around the gym. Do you know what I mean? Doing something. Um yeah. When that what was it the 1st or the 4th of September, the show that Leo and Brad Casey boxed on? um McCormack uh against the Mexican guy. Um I felt like a kid at Christmas that the boxing season had started. I realized how sad I was. James, &gt;&gt; I realized how sad I was. &gt;&gt; One question I do have for you then. Do you think then a physically fit Sunonny Edwards fixed hand is good enough to win a world title next year? &gt;&gt; Oh, I probably I probably wouldn't even needed to fix my hand to win a world title. I just had to start training properly really. But with a thick turn that already feels in in in ways stronger, way stronger. And now the pain sort of died off. Um I saw why people got addicted to painkillers for the first time. I never understood it. Now I understand it. I had a week on some heavy painkillers. Then I just had to just stop them point blank and just feel the pain. Cuz if I had another week on them, I probably would have went back. me. I mean, I probably wouldn't know their their next level they are, but I was scared if I'm honest. I was I was scared of, like I said before, I was I was scared of it all. I never wanted to. Like, I've done all the ligaments in my ankles. They all snapped. They're all ruptured. Yeah. I've never had surgery on them because once the the expert said, "Well, you can have surgery or you can just, you know, really strengthen up the areas around them." Well, guess what my remedy was? Strengthen up the areas around him. I weren't having surgery. But now, yeah, I don't know. I definitely get a world title shot because who else is there to fight in the flyweight division anyone cares about really? You've got six and0 kids that won't fight for the British title, but win an English title putting out videos telling everyone in the next superstar boxing. Uh &gt;&gt; well maybe maybe you can come back and fight Hamzine. &gt;&gt; Um no I'm actually a little bit of a fan of his. Like don't get me wrong I'd punch his head all over the gap. But I do think he's good. I do think he's good at boxing and good for the division. like I'm a big champion of my division and I'm like being a bit cheeky and saying there's no but it's cuz no one does anything. No one does anything that that breaks the mold in these divisions and we don't we we don't we don't have the luxury of okay well I'm fighting at British level and there's all these opponents that everyone's already seen before. We don't have that. Like I love every time I see a flyweight on a live broadcast. I really do like genuinely. So, I know I'm being a bit tongue and cheek, but I'm a fan of his and what he's doing and and making some noise and he's flashy and he hasn't really fought anyone yet worth even thinking about when he's telling everyone he's the next superstar in boxing. But, good on him. Really good on him. And and if I ever did come back, I would just want to be a part of events like I've been a world champion. I think I could be one again if I wanted to do all of that. I think I'm good enough to do that with the right preparation. But even if if I did come back, I don't even know if that would be my my goal, you know, to seek out the world titles and build the rankings and do this. And the conversation be what's the biggest fight? I've been ringing magazine number one for two years. Even if you think I'm past it now, I've been the moment I've retired. The reality of the the world of boxing is the moment I've retired to now to this very moment now. If you compare the career of May and Galo, let's just say he's been seen once when the fight got announced in Sheffield a couple of times on fight week and then he got beat by drug sheet and no one's seen him before or after that since he's been out in or out the ring with me. But if you look at me, I've been at the ring, lost, probably stole the show with the oh, I don't want to be there and the retirement and the so story and all this that which came after it. And then every single show you've seen since then, if it's a matching show, I'm commentating at some part of it, doing the after party or the pre-weighing after weighing party with the small talk. I am managing fighters and doing their corners consistently. the the most cards I'm doing all three jobs in one night. Um I've got other fighters with other promoters in world boxing. I've traveled across to America with fighters that I've been active. I've been present. I've been in your face about being in your face. I'm not a big tall. I'm I'm working. I don't chase graph Jamie as you know. You know what I mean? I don't chase it. But I'm always ready to get involved. I'm always ready to to give up my time. and and it's what boxers, especially the boxers that I work for, they deserve whether it's a fourrounder or or a 12 round title fight. They need the person that represents them to be there representing them just in case. You know what I mean? So, I've been doubling down and probably if anything made my platform even bigger now than it has ever been potentially, even without immediate Sunny Edwards exciting moves because people used to be fighting now they just see me commentating or bringing a fight to the ring or announcing a fighter that I managed uh next fight. But I would say I've been busier and my platform is probably bigger and my voice in boxing is probably bigger than it ever has been. It's probably not. All right. Well, listen, Sunny, listen. Glad to see that you're on the mend first and foremost. Hope to see you continue to shadow box around your living room. Hope to see you back in a professional boxing ring in 2026. That's my opinion anyway. I want to see you back. I think it's a great story. &gt;&gt; Maybe you can we can WWE it. You can slide under the ropes from the commentary desk. I'm back. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I can't lie. Like that was already my thought process. If I ever did come back, like I wouldn't just come back like I mean I wouldn't just put like a an Instagram post out or like an interview somewhere. I would wait for the fight that I want to fight to be in the ring and I would jump off over the top rope, grab the belt out of their hands and make it really WWE drama show because I felt like the more I've spent not just in the gym worrying about boxing and preparing for a fight, like I've really taken a lens of of boxing probably better and and understood it better than than at any point in my career. Um, what a lot of people don't get about me is when I was selling fights and doing everything, it was very like natural, not uh not rehearsed, not pre-planned, like I was just a reactive person. If someone said something I didn't like, now I'm going to say two things you don't like. And that's always just the way that I was. And I don't know, now I'd probably go a bit more if I was to do it again. &gt;&gt; Okay. Well, listen, rest up, Sunny. And I'll I'll catch you next week for the big one in London. &gt;&gt; I appreciate you. &gt;&gt; Thanks for your time, mate. Good to speak to that. &gt;&gt; Well, Flash Knockdown has actually been going on for quite a number of years now on the audio side of things. Obviously, series 6 has been revamped with our brand new studio, but one guest who has been a fan and a friend of the show since me and Scott were just mere nobodyies. Obviously, now we are podcast sensations Mr. John Ryder. John, I mean, look at this. E, &gt;&gt; this is plush. I mean, I remember the box showed we locked in last time. Wonder when you can let me out and then you let me out into the bright light. &gt;&gt; Do you remember that? We used to do it upstairs at the matum office in like a soundproof box. Do you remember? And it was like 50,000 degrees in there. &gt;&gt; 50,000 degrees. The window was open, but then the bloke was mowing the lawn and I had to close it. &gt;&gt; We had to keep it shut. &gt;&gt; Yeah. No air con there, was there? &gt;&gt; No. I know. Now look, sport for choice now. &gt;&gt; Space. &gt;&gt; If anything, it's too cold in here. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Uh, how are you, mate? &gt;&gt; I'm good, mate. I'm good. I'm loving life, enjoying the sport um that I've known for so long. still around so many familiar faces which is good. Um still in the gym with Tony and the boys and girls is uh it's nice. &gt;&gt; Was this always the plan for you? You know when you look back to the the the last couple of fights on the biggest of stages which we'll talk about Canelo and then Mongia. Was was this always the exit strategy? &gt;&gt; I think so. I think Tony had prepped me for this for a long time. I think I was always going to be his successor. Is that is that the word? Success. Yeah. I think I was always &gt;&gt; he was planning for me to take over from him eventually. Um, I generally don't know if that gel will ever retire. I think he's [snorts] hunger and desire for the sport just seems better than ever. Um, but I'm very fortunate that he's put that faith and trust in me, part of a great gym and and working alongside him. &gt;&gt; For you, when you think about how you've been able to take to the coaching side of things, how much do you think it honestly helps the fact that you've been a fighter yourself? Cuz look, there is some great coaches who haven't boxed and vice versa. How important do you think it is though? &gt;&gt; I think it's really good. I think um I think a lot of the younger fighters really like it. They can they feel like they know I've been there before and done it as well. Um I've got to the biggest stages. Um and I think they've got that faith when I'm telling them to do something. I'm not telling them just by knowledge. I'm telling them because I've actually done it. So I think they've got a lot of faith in in what I tell them and the belief that I've walked the line and done it before them. When you think about as well what you just said there about, you know, you've been there, done it, the biggest of stages, you know, cano out of rare in Mexico. And when you think about life now, still very much involved in the sport and enjoying it, but do you ever how have you balanced the emotions of, you know, being like top of the sport and then a couple of years later, you know, you're working in the gym every day. How have you you balanced how much your life has changed? &gt;&gt; I think it's a slow process. I mean, leaving the sport of boxing, not leaving it, but retiring and then realizing that will never be again is is a tough a bit of pill to swallow. Um, takes time, I think. But the the whole thing of being around the sport still and training fighters, getting the new buzzes of your own fighters winning, your own fighters progressing, doing things in the gym. Um, and listen, I I' I'd get higher once or twice a year with winning a fight, but now I can get high daily or weekly with fighters winning or fighters just doing something I'm telling to do in the gym and then just feeling the buzz and going, "Hey, &gt;&gt; what's been your favorite night as a coach so far?" &gt;&gt; As a coach so far, um, Jimmy and George was very good the other week. Um, Jimmy's Jimmy's good wind and then George beating Conway was was very good. Um, I was out in New York with Remn Ali. That was pretty good on the &gt;&gt; MSG &gt;&gt; Taylor Serrano free at the MSG. Yeah, that was good. Um, but mate, that's just a start. I'm 18 months into a coaching career. I've got the next potentially 30 to 40 years of it. So, we'll see. &gt;&gt; What's the dream as a as a coach? &gt;&gt; The dream um just world champions. I just want to produce world champions. But I want to produce champions from southern area, English, British, European, um, intercontinental. And then I know I've got around my stripes, so I want to do it all. &gt;&gt; How good do you think Jimmy and George can be? &gt;&gt; Very good. I think it's just a shame we've got two boys in the same way, in the same gym. Um, but listen, they're friends and they never will fight. I get this question, who would win? I think it don't matter who would win. They won't. No one they will never fight. They're friends and they're in the same gym. But I think we're just moving them along nicely. George is at few fights ahead. Um, and Jimmy's Jimmy's forever learning as as George is, but they're progressing at the right speed. And I think um I think over the next 18 months, they'll they'll continue to to progress like they have been. &gt;&gt; On your career, when you think about it as a whole now, I guess firstly actually when you do just look back, I think it's been a couple of years now, isn't it? Nearly since the gear fight. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Kind of two years now. &gt;&gt; When you when you look back, are you proud? &gt;&gt; I am. Yeah. Yeah. There's um a lot of dark times when retirement could have been an option, but I never saw it as an option. Just thought I knew that I was destined for for bigger and better things. And I'm just glad that I back myself. &gt;&gt; What's the Mount Rushmore top four for you? John Ryder career moments. &gt;&gt; Um have to be Patrick Nielson. That was I felt like that really announced me back on a on a probably a world stage up at super middleweight. the amount of times we posted that knockout clip. By the way, if you haven't seen it, look it up on YouTube right now. I mean, I think I used to do the social media with Scott when whenever we were having a quiet day, that was always a &gt;&gt; a solid one to put out and get views. So, yeah. I mean, you should you probably owe me a few. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Thank you for that. You're welcome, man. Um, &gt;&gt; yeah. So, Neilson, I'd say Jamie Cox, that was &gt;&gt; I mean, for me, I watched Jamie Cox win a Commonwealth Games gold medal before I'd even had an amateur fight. So, for me to be in with that caliber opposition was something else. Um Danny Jacob just for what he's done in this sport. Um unbelievable man, unbelievable career as well. The second coming of him after his his battle with cancer and to come back and win another world title was remarkable. Um and and tough against the best in Canelo and Glokin. Um, so that's three and I have to put Canelo as fourth staring down at me knowing he's just got my soul in his hand. &gt;&gt; How many times you watched that back that fight? &gt;&gt; Uh, only think once. Yeah, it's not something I make a habit of. &gt;&gt; Um, I like the thing of getting down getting knocked down and getting that back up again, seeing the final bell. But &gt;&gt; yeah, that's a time that was &gt;&gt; Was he the best you faced? Canal. &gt;&gt; He was Yeah, he wasn't the biggest puncher. He wasn't um probably the most wasn't the most technically gifted, but he was he was special in his own right. He was so accurate with his shots. The the power was more than enough, but yeah, just a special fighter. &gt;&gt; Is the one night that maybe still stings more than any other night, the Callum Smith one. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean that's a that that is a real bit appeal to swallow, that one. I feel like I've done enough there. Um, and that's the one I've watched back the most probably just to just to see and I still have it worse ways me winning eight rounds of the 12 and just don't see how the judges come up with their their scorecards but we're seeing it time and time again. We see it the weekend &gt;&gt; and listen I didn't see the fight the weekend but something needs to change on it. &gt;&gt; How did you get over that? I suppose are you over it the count one? &gt;&gt; I don't I don't know. It's a weird question because after that fight there were so many promises of like a big fight next year and like I was always hopeful for that big fight but then my next fight ended up being my guy in Miami and it was like that was a year after because of lockdown and COVID and the restrictions the shows weren't happening and I mean it ended up being a tick over in Miami instead of like a big potential world title fight. But I guess like in terms of still what you were able to achieve from that night and in terms of how you were able to change your family's lives, you know, I guess everything happened for a reason. &gt;&gt; Yeah, of course. And um Exactly. Yeah. You don't know what would have happened there if I if I would have got a decision. Probably would have been tied up into a rematch. Um that would have took its time to happen with COVID and stuff. So everything happens for a reason. &gt;&gt; How are the new big boys fitting into the gym by the way? Johnny Fisher and Daniel Dubois. &gt;&gt; They're just about fitting through the door, but don't know about fitting in. But no, it's great. It's um Tony's way said it. Boxing is a weird thing. I mean, you look at who was in the gym six to eight months ago and it was very thin on the ground. There wasn't many there. I mean, there was Jimmy S, George Lard, Connor Ben, Maisy Rose, few of the girls there. But then I think in the space of two weeks, you've got Johnny Fisher, uh, and Daniel Dubar, and it's like how how the tide can change. What's been the biggest difference you've seen in Johnny Fisher, do you think? Because obviously he came to Tony at the lowest time of his career after that defeat to Dave Allen so far obviously, but what what's something you've noticed in him since? &gt;&gt; I think I can't comment on how he was before, but he just he seems in a very good place mentally. He seems happy. Um, and it's weird because I think a big thing was made about his dad being so involved, but I've seen his dad at the gym once and I just think he's happy to let his son crack on. Same with Daniel. Everyone says about the dads being involved and being front and center, but I think both parents, I've seen them once and I think they allow their sons to be what they need to be and get their work done, which is I think for Tony is the best thing. Like he can do his job. He's not being questioned. He's just getting his work done. &gt;&gt; What fighters do you like for Daniel Dubois? &gt;&gt; Daniel Dwis um I like anyone. I was sick for him. I think um he's capable. Um and it's just it's just down to Daniel beating Daniel. I think Daniel was his hardest opponent at times. I think um AJ was the other than us was the biggest test for him and I think he come through that with flying colors. So I think for for Daniel Dubai there's no one else to fear &gt;&gt; for Connor Ben massive massive night next week in in his career. I guess when you think about the pressure Connor's put a lot of pressure on himself hasn't he this time round. He's he's locked himself away in camp. What have you seen behind the doors of the gym? &gt;&gt; I've not seen too much of it to be honest cuz just had my own bits of work to do. But I will pay attention to the spars this week if I'm in and around it at the time. But from what I have seen, he's just he's using his head more than letting his heart take over. And I think that's the key. I think last time out he swinging shots in from his ankles. I think it was just a bit too too much. But I think I think Eubank emptied the tank last time like when Groves beat Eubank and then went on to fight Cameron Smith got beat. I feel like this will be a a similar a similar version of events. &gt;&gt; How's it How does it end then in your opinion? &gt;&gt; I think it ends by Connor Ben being victorious. I'm not sure if it comes by knockout or points, but I think you see a very crisp sharp Connor Ben next week and um Connor away Connor Ben coming away victorious. Okay, John, I do have to say it's great to see you still involved in the sport. Great to see you still smiling. But I do have a big question for you now. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; The quiz. Face to face to face to face. Probably the most famous quiz in boxing. &gt;&gt; Face to face to many faces. &gt;&gt; Face to face to face to face, right? Are you ready? I'm born ready. &gt;&gt; Okay, here we go. Series six, episode number 10 of the quiz. Okay. Well, welcome to the 10th installment of Face to Face to Face to Face. Of course, you know by now the greatest quiz in boxing history. be very happy to say that Chris Tarant has joined us now in the studio as of course producer Scott. Listen John, big Arsenal fan. Scott is a Tottenham hooligan. So I just wonder if you got a message for him right now sitting pretty six points clear at the top of the league after 10 games. &gt;&gt; I'm surprised he's not got the badge in just yet. &gt;&gt; Hooligan attire. &gt;&gt; No, just uh it's quite nice as high as we are. Six points clear at the top. &gt;&gt; Um I &gt;&gt; think it's the year unfortunately. So you know I've mentally prepared for it already. Got until May just to you think Arsenal won the league. So what will be will be? Do you think you'll do it? We've got the depth this year. &gt;&gt; I believe we have. We've got an unbelievable squad. Um some fantastic signings this season. Um and I just think yeah if ever there's been that's what we've always lacked in the past is the depth of squad and I think we've got that now. &gt;&gt; They never should have let an go. Big mistake. &gt;&gt; Oh well. &gt;&gt; Big up. Okay. Well John look I'm going to hand over to Chris Tarant over there who is going to go through the ground rules for the quiz. Just in case you haven't seen it, make sure you listen. &gt;&gt; Thanks Harry. I was just laughing then thinking a this is very hard so good luck John and B not a lot of our contestants probably even know who Chris Tarant is just because like Leo Tang's 18 so it's nice to have someone who actually knows &gt;&gt; Chris basically nice way of saying you're old basically yeah but I've made that joke a few times and no one's like &gt;&gt; everyone's just been like who's Chris &gt;&gt; John [laughter] &gt;&gt; so John um we're going to bring [snorts] up on screen about now a face &gt;&gt; Jamie's going to pass you his iPad you need to tell me essentially who the four slices of the face are there's two points on offer for each section of the face If you don't know, you can ask for a clue and then if you get it right after the clue, you get one point. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; So, where we starting off? Head, eyes, nose, mouth. Any standout? &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; Um, &gt;&gt; Leo Tang at two at the bottom is the benchmark. Jimmy Sains, Johnny Fisher from the gym on six points. He's quite tough this week. I'm not going to lie. &gt;&gt; That is one of the harder ones. I think &gt;&gt; the bottom one I think is giveaway cuz I've had to tie that hair up [laughter] with a roller tape. I think that's Maisy Rose Courtney. &gt;&gt; Correct. Two points. So you're on the leaderboard. Start. &gt;&gt; I feel like the eyes. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; Are you going to you can ask for a clue if you're not sure. &gt;&gt; Right. The Mach is not Macy Rose. That's um what's his name? Is it Ibrahim &gt;&gt; Sullean? &gt;&gt; Oh, he's got it. Two points. &gt;&gt; Great shot. &gt;&gt; Is that right? &gt;&gt; That is correct. Four points. It's a great shot. &gt;&gt; Um &gt;&gt; so if you get the next two or if you get one right and then go for a clue. &gt;&gt; How on earth did you &gt;&gt; what? Fair play. &gt;&gt; To be fair, not many of our fighters have got a tash. Actually, when you think about it, &gt;&gt; that's the one I said was spider in the car. I think we were getting mixed up. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; but I I don't know. Like &gt;&gt; it's a great shot, by the I'm very impressed that you got it. &gt;&gt; John is on here for top spot. Maybe &gt;&gt; I don't know. I'm struggling with that. &gt;&gt; The charity payout could be Mr. Riders. Maybe he finished top of the &gt;&gt; That might be shout out. Spiders Tash. &gt;&gt; Spiders Tash. &gt;&gt; Two to go. &gt;&gt; No, just the eyes. Give me a clue on the eyes. &gt;&gt; You You want to have a clue? &gt;&gt; I want to have a clue on the eyes. Yeah. &gt;&gt; The clue is I've been sparring Jake Paul in the last week. Don't know if you saw that on social media preparing for his fight that's now been cancelled. I've been sparring Jake Paul in the last week. &gt;&gt; Who's been sparing Shak Stevenson? &gt;&gt; He spared Shakur, didn't he? &gt;&gt; I want to go Shak Stevenson. Yeah, &gt;&gt; one point. Correct. &gt;&gt; One point. &gt;&gt; So, John, if you get this right off the bat, &gt;&gt; your face when you said that, [laughter] &gt;&gt; I don't know where to look. &gt;&gt; So, you got five points in the minute. If you get it right off the bat, the top one, you go to the top. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Or if you you could play you could play calculated here. If you go for a clue and get it right, you go to six. So your joint top and the charity payout at the end of the series could be split four ways. &gt;&gt; Split four ways. &gt;&gt; So it depends how you want to play it. &gt;&gt; Come on, John. We know what you're made of. &gt;&gt; You're not in this to joint first. You want to win. &gt;&gt; Yeah, man. This is so hard. I want that extra point. So, &gt;&gt; you want a clue? &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; Oh, you want to go for it? &gt;&gt; I want to go [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, he's on fire. You'd be second if you get it wrong, but there's no there's no points or no prizes for second spot here. &gt;&gt; No, exactly. Um, &gt;&gt; can cut the tension with a knife in here. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; He's fought Callum Smith. He's fought Canelo. &gt;&gt; I thought you meant the &gt;&gt; No, I'm big enough. Can I have the clue for the last one? &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. &gt;&gt; But can he do it? So if you get this right, you go to the joint top. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I suffered my first pro defeat back in February. &gt;&gt; February. &gt;&gt; So he's only lost once and it was back in February. It's a good clue that. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Oh man, that's so odd. &gt;&gt; Well, I had to Google it. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Who lost in February lost in February? &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; No more clothes. &gt;&gt; Part of me did think Jade Boston, but he didn't lose in February, did he? Was that was it? &gt;&gt; Did he have that haircut as well? I'm not sure. [laughter] &gt;&gt; No, he not haircut random. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Um, &gt;&gt; yeah, I think I'm on I'm on five. &gt;&gt; You're on five. You might as just get a random &gt;&gt; Let me just set the timer on my Casio. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Right. 10 seconds. John. &gt;&gt; Um, not a clue. &gt;&gt; There's a tail coming in. Taking a knee. &gt;&gt; I'm not. No. Um, &gt;&gt; five. &gt;&gt; I want to kick myself. &gt;&gt; Oh, it's been waved off. &gt;&gt; Oh, god. You going to say go on. &gt;&gt; What? I thought he was gonna say on the belt. &gt;&gt; Gonna say no. &gt;&gt; Guess someone. Anyone. I &gt;&gt; think John's too nice. He doesn't want to piss anyone off with a haircut. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Guess Jana Boston again. &gt;&gt; No, [laughter] definitely not Jay Boston. Times up. &gt;&gt; I don't know. &gt;&gt; Jamie, go on. We're leaving him. Who do you think it is? &gt;&gt; I think it's Art Bert. &gt;&gt; You are right. Correct. &gt;&gt; Oh, mate. See, I would have said that. I didn't I don't really care about I wouldn't mind there's a picture of him there as well. I should have got that. &gt;&gt; Oh, you should have said there's a picture of him in this &gt;&gt; clue. Yeah, maybe this hidden clue. &gt;&gt; But you do go alongside the other John. &gt;&gt; Two Johns. &gt;&gt; Couple of Johns there. Look, &gt;&gt; it's not bad though. &gt;&gt; That's all right. &gt;&gt; Better than two points at the bottom. &gt;&gt; Just do it again. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Thanks, John. Thanks for coming down, mate. Appreciate it. Legend. Jamie, what are you reading? &gt;&gt; Oh, just reminiscing over the uh the glory years obviously with my hero Henrik Lson under the great Martin Neil who's obviously now back Celtic celebrating a wonderful weekend mate of football really. And I mean look Celtic beat Rangers. You have you gone against your rivals? &gt;&gt; I don't know what you're on about. &gt;&gt; Bad luck but it's not for everyone is it? But I must just say you seen that little skit on talk sport Jason Kundy. &gt;&gt; Has anyone seen &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Does Has anyone Can you me Billy Nelson me Cole Frampton? No, I can't. I actually I tagged Cole Frampton in a uh an Instagram story and he didn't even reply. &gt;&gt; Oh, I don't blame him to be fair. I hear um Henrik Lson's a big fan of Flash Knockdown actually. So, &gt;&gt; well, apparently Yeah, we tried to get him on a few [laughter] I wouldn't be able to speak if Henry Lson was in here. He's like ultimate. &gt;&gt; I can't speak. &gt;&gt; I can't speak. Where's that from? The D. &gt;&gt; That is Wayne model. That's ledge there. &gt;&gt; The perfect leg when they both was on nines. They're both on nines. scenes. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's ultimate hero last time. Who's yours? &gt;&gt; All time what? Sporting hero or &gt;&gt; I guess right if you could have a guest on flash knockdown. &gt;&gt; Well, it need to be kind of relevant to boxing, right? &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; Okay. Anyone? &gt;&gt; I'm a big fan of Flint, you know. &gt;&gt; Freddy Flint off. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; I bumped into him at Ricky's um funeral. I have met him before, but even that Yeah, it's just like my god, it's Andy Flint. &gt;&gt; So, yeah, Andrew Flintoff. Um yeah, probably say him to be fair. &gt;&gt; Fair. Obviously trained with Shane. um McGwigan for a fight that &gt;&gt; for that fight never happened. No, he did have a fight. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he got he got dropped a guy called Dawson was the surname &gt;&gt; I think dropped him over and then got a very contentious four round decision. Yeah. Mad looking back. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he was a legend though. &gt;&gt; Yeah. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's what I actually used. I used to watch cricket back then. Few characters in the team then. But listen, uh Celtic aside, obviously no one cares about that apart from all the thousands of Celtic supporters who who love Flash Knockdown. But for Matram of late, I must say in terms of announcements that I'm excited about, I'm very looking forward to very looking forward. I'm very much looking forward to going to Ghana. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Got the old flights the other day sent through. &gt;&gt; We're on the plane. &gt;&gt; Was one email, wasn't it, from Frank Smith who can? Because I'd actually I got wind of Ghana a few weeks ago. Obviously, we are a little bit more privy to the information before it hits social media. And Darren Barker actually I was telling him about it and he was like, "Mate, you've got to get us on that." He's like, "Get me on that." Like the first time is always the best. Like you know if we end up going to Ghana you know next March or something &gt;&gt; um the card could be great but the first time going somewhere new getting off the plane into the unknown. &gt;&gt; Obly never done a show in in Africa. It's yeah historic one. I'm looking forward to it. Great fight. I'm really really intrigued by the main event. Good fight. &gt;&gt; Craig Richards had to wait his uh his turn and it turns out it's a meaningful fight. So yeah looking forward to it. &gt;&gt; I wouldn't be surprised if the winner fights Ben Whitaker. &gt;&gt; Possibly. Possibly. Yeah. You can sort of see the the logic behind it. But then listening to Eddie earlier on and catching sort of um other snippets and interviews and stuff, it sounds like they're playing the long game. So is, you know, Craig Richards, should he come through? Is it a bit too soon? You don't know. &gt;&gt; Don't know. &gt;&gt; Don't know. But yeah, so excited. But on Mrs. Frank and I was like, if you need a broadcast team for for Ghana, me and Darren are so up for it. He is so up for everything, Darren. &gt;&gt; But you know what? &gt;&gt; His schedule is mental. And funny enough as well, I said to Frank Smith in Orlando last week, actually credit to Darren, he's really come on leaps and bounds in his own game behind the mic in the last two years. So yeah, great to see his rise as well. &gt;&gt; He's doing amazing. And also, I always say this, I know I do the shows with him and I started as his tea boy and you know, we have a very special friendship, me and Darren, aside from boxing anyway, but I actually think when you look at like how he is every day, like for those who are lucky enough to be his friend, I just think trying to be as content as Darren Barker is one day should be an ambition of everyone. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, the fact he's got a world title belt probably goes a long way. He's ticked it off. Um, but yeah, you know, and also just a a general top top geyser. That's probably the only way I can put it. Lovely bloke. Yeah. &gt;&gt; What did you make of the boxing on the weekend? You were in Florida, obviously. And actually, what happened on the way to Florida? You uh had a bit of an incident, didn't you? &gt;&gt; Yes. So, I was on the plane listening to a podcast. &gt;&gt; Flash knockdown. [laughter] God, this flash knockdown's port. Brilliant. &gt;&gt; Literally all of a sudden, I thought the earphone was like corrupted. Popped out of my ear. Still could hear this screeching noise in my right ear. Thought that's not very good. about two or three minutes later, all I could describe is almost like a pop. Um, got back to the got to the hotel late that night, woke up and turns out my ear has been my eardrum has been ruptured and that was confirmed by the doctor that does the medicals at the weigh-in. So, I asked Kevin Rooney, our top guy on the on the ground in America, if he could have a quick word with a doc after he'd done all the uh the fighters medical. &gt;&gt; So, why he never boxed? He must have been guided. He never got a fight. &gt;&gt; You know what he his his actual words were? if you were fighting tomorrow, I would pull you out. Um, so yeah, I had to get some medic medication on on the deck. Not ideal. And then when I got back home yesterday, straight off to the hospital and uh yeah, on a course of ear drops and tablets and hope it heals in the next 12 weeks. &gt;&gt; How lucky is your opponent? &gt;&gt; Well, you know, yeah, blime me. &gt;&gt; I'll call him out next year. &gt;&gt; I know what you put into this camp. [laughter] &gt;&gt; But good show though to be fair. I on paper probably wasn't one of our stronger ones, but performances from Amari and and Pat Brown in particular, as Eddie said, you know, two very very very decorated amateurs that are now making their own way in in the program. &gt;&gt; Pat is a menace, isn't he? &gt;&gt; Yeah. You know what? He's almost got &gt;&gt; He's He's horrible, isn't he? &gt;&gt; He's got a switch. And the only other person I can think of top of my head is Jar Paya where on a fight day in particular when he's gloved up, you don't want to be in the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] way of him because he he will almost have a go at you. Yeah. Um but yeah, just a menace. Yeah, I actually messaged him and I saying I was saying uh turns out clay pigeon shooting is quite good then to to round training [laughter] yeah get your eye in but I think he's going to be a big problem Pat Brown I know it's early days but he was tough that Valera you know he was picked for rounds and he was really picked for rounds this time you know really tried to find someone who was going to be tough and take him in you know four five six seven eight rounds you know to get rid of him in what was it &gt;&gt; two &gt;&gt; two rounds like that you know &gt;&gt; big statement &gt;&gt; yeah you say there he's only four five fights in it's one of them ones you Don't want to move him too quick, but at the same time, you can't hold him back. I'm sure he'll have an eye on the English title fight in December that we have, maybe even beyond that already for next year. So, yeah, interested to see &gt;&gt; that left hooks his his best shot. I think &gt;&gt; naughty. &gt;&gt; Dave Allen said, didn't he to us once, he was like cuz I know they have loads of banner about who the alpha in the gym is and they sparred and he said Pat hit him with that short left hook and he said it was like &gt;&gt; wow like he's &gt;&gt; it's a problem. It's going to be a problem. And also the division as well, it's kind of opened up a little bit. I think, you know, two or three years ago, maybe a little bit further back than that, it was arguably, you know, the monsters at the top and it was stacked. It's probably not as stacked as it was. So, it's a good time to, you know, come up in the next year or so and really make a dent on the world too soon. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think he'll want to, you know, I spoke to him, didn't he's he doesn't seem that bothered about belts and, you know, he just wants to be remembered for being in great fights, which is a proper throwback attitude. &gt;&gt; Do his dad proud. I don't know if you saw the interview. &gt;&gt; Yeah, the interview was brilliant. Yeah, shout out for go and check that out actually on TV. It's a a really wholesome interview, isn't it? With his dad in the ring, actually as well. You said it in the ring as well. &gt;&gt; Oh, did they? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. They're literally two peas in a pod, aren't they? The them two. &gt;&gt; I've met the dad for the first time properly on this trip. Side on the spit of Pat Brown like when he's older, Pat would just morph into him, I would imagine. Yeah. Lovely family. &gt;&gt; But um you know, you look at that domestic cruiserweight scene, you know, obviously John Hedges was in in the studio the other week. He's got the English title. You know, is that a fight that could maybe happen next year if he comes through? Isoro even I think if you're Pat Brown you're looking at Chev Clark you're looking at Vidal Riley Chris Bum Smith you know you're looking at all these guys and I think with a pedigree I don't think he's far away I think he needs a couple of couple of fights to go long and just see how he copes with the longer distance I think he'll be fine but just maybe probably you know speak to fighters from a mental perspective just to tick that box before you go into a big big fight that you know you can do you know the 10 the 10 rounds at least I think in terms of ability I don't I think people will be queuing up to fight Pat Brown. &gt;&gt; No, that's a problem. You mentioned some names there and it's almost like why would they want to fight him with the greatest respect unless you're being offered an absolute shitload of money, but with his fan base behind him that could open that up, couldn't it? You know, he's one who could headline the big arenas. So, really excited about his uh his journeyhood. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. Well, plenty to look forward to with regards to Pat Brown. Plenty to look forward to for ourselves as well. Of course, next week, as if you needed reminding, is the big one. Unfinished business presented by the Ring Magazine. Chris Eubank Jr. versus Connor Ben. Part two from once again at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium in London. Thanks very much to our guest this week, of course, promoter Eddie Hearn to Sunny Edwards, who quickly just before we wrap up, is he coming back? [snorts and sighs] &gt;&gt; If I'd say yes or no, I'd say yes. Just a hunch. &gt;&gt; I think boxing misses Sunonny Edwards. &gt;&gt; Yeah, true. Yeah. Well, he's he's he's not really gone away, is he? He said that himself, you know, he's been involved doing a great job at the commentary desk, but I think there's more nights left in the Sunny Edwards boxing story. &gt;&gt; Yeah. As a fighter, &gt;&gt; like he says around that division, you probably need characters like that. So, uh, yeah, I'll say yes if I had to. &gt;&gt; Okay. Well, that all remains to be seen. Thanks very much to Ley Buttergy for making his way into the studio as well as the gorilla. John Ryder, massive week for him, of course, next week here in London for the Tony Sims gym. And thanks to producer Scott for all his work behind the scenes and thanks for you lovely lot for continuing to watch and support the greatest podcast in boxing. We'll see you next week to preview the big one. Take care. What a shot. The female friend of the [music] year.