Kind: captions Language: en Well, Eddie, here in New York, but the obvious starting point is last weekend at the Tottenham Hotsour Stadium. How would you describe Eubank Ben in one word? Breathtaking. Like it. I mean, just I to be honest with you, I haven't really cuz we left London and came pretty much straight out here. So haven't really digested what happened, the magnitude of it, the drama, you know, senior like the ring walks being in that ring and having Connor, Nigel, Senior, Junior, like it was just and the fight, you know, so often on those big occasions, you just don't get the fight that lives up to the hype. And I feel like sometimes if it's an undisputed championship and you've got like two unified champs going in sometimes like they've got so much to lose, it's a bit of a chess match and these two just went to war literally. I mean they both deserve so much credit. I mean obviously Connor's our guy so I'm going to lord him up and praise him. I'm so proud of him. But Eubank as well, I mean just showed so much resilience and toughness and they both deserve so much credit because they served up a modernday classic. Like you say it has been a well-wind sort of 48 hours or so. Have you managed to watch your back yet? Not yet. No. Um, you know, like being honest, I had Connor Ben up after 10 rounds and then Eubank finished like a train. I mean, he had very heavy rounds in 11 and 12. I think when the final bell went, I thought could be a draw here. If you tell me I have to pick a winner, I think you may edge over to Eubank just because of that finish. But I just thought it was one of those fights. I mean, I didn't so I don't agree with the scorecard. I just felt like sometimes it's a little bit disappointing when you don't get any crack of the or or run of the of the whatever it's called whip or something like that. I don't know if that's thing. Yeah, whatever. Um crack of the whip run of the mill, whatever. I don't know. Um over three judges scorecards cuz where I was sit everyone had it very close. Um but listen, also good that you get three judges that have similar scorecards. So, all right, check. Let's pause there. After the fight, you put out the Instagram message where you didn't want to speak about the scorecards. Very nice picture of the two bends. Was that because maybe critical or the fact you just wanted to focus on how good of a fight it was? Yeah, I just I was I wasn't in the like, you know, I love to win, right? And I I love it when our guys and our team win, but honestly, from the moment the decision was read out to even now, I've not been disappointed with with losing. And that's so unique for me. Like normally I throw the toys out the pram or I just I was so in awe of what I watched and I couldn't believe again props to you bank but I could not believe what Connor Ben did coming up two weight classes 14 months of inactivity like the occasion everything. Like I was so proud of him. And sometimes, and I think this is what, you know, we've got to teach some fighters in a way, is that when you lose on stages like that, putting in performances like that, your stock only rises. And if you look at Connor Ben's stock, it's gone through the roof in defeat. And the future's massive for him. It really is. And, you know, I know there's been a lot of talk, you know, it's well documented. The the contract was a two-ight contract. And, you know, the rematch is already contracted and done. And I just said in the presser after, look, you know, we'll have to look at the weight classes and that. And Connor just said to me, I think on Sunday night, if you think that was a war, wait till you see the rematch. And we're very confident of what Saturday will give him in terms of the activity, the confidence, the weight, everything. And and you know, he's he's ready to go now. Like I said, he's killing it in the gym. Back in the gym. He's kind of coming out to New York this week. Yeah, he'll be here tomorrow. and the indications you've had since Sunday, he's fully locked on the rematch, not the WBC route. I mean, look, we have to look at really again, I want Connor to become a world champion. I think he's proved even moving up to middleweight that he's a world class fighter and he's a huge star now, but the rematch is twice as big as the first one. I mean, the numbers were huge. We've seen it across social media, across the pay-per-view. you're talking about number two will break records across the board. Um, and that's what we signed up for. So, we're in and um we'll wait for a date for his excellency. He's already made it clear. I think he said end of September at back at Tottenham Hotspur. Whatever. Just let us know the day and we'll be there. An iconic moment in this stadium when the car door opened. Just talk to us about from your view in the front row of of that moment. Yeah, I mean I felt like it would be very difficult for Eubank Senior not to be there on that stage and with that attention and that moment obviously for his son. Um the rumbling came out sort of 24 hours before that he was going to come and I heard that Turkey Alles was making the play to get him there and once I heard that I thought it's very likely that he'll be there. I did expect him to come on the ring walk which I'm glad he didn't because I think that would have been mentally a bit tougher for Connor in that moment. Um, but when he opened the door, you know, just to the face, it was iconic. I mean, Eubank is a legend of British boxing. You know, everybody knows who he is. Everybody knows the face. I think that would have rocketed the pay-per-view in that moment as well. And it just lent itself to the theater of the narrative of what we saw unfold, which was just a modern-day classic between two fighting families that have a just a relatable history that the whole country knows about across all generations. And you know, I'm I'm so glad that he was there because it just added to all the drama. Two other fights on Saturday which didn't go our way. Firstly, Liam Smith, what a great performance by Aaron McKenna. first and foremost. Do you think it might be then the line for Liam Smith now? Yeah, I mean I think Liam Smith's, you know, he's a guy who's been a world champion. He's been involved in massive fights at world level and that's where he wants to be. Aaron McKenna, you know, who, you know, we've got options on now moving forward. I think he's a very very good fighter. Um, it was just felt a little bit like a changing of the guard. You know, Liam was super brave. Again, the inactivities really like this really affects fighters. Um, I don't I haven't spoken to Liam about his future, but I would think if he's honest with himself and and feels he can't perform at at world level and fringe world level, then he's he's not going to want to be in the game and he'll have to have a long think. Chev Clark lost his British title. How does Chev get back to to that level and beyond? Difficult. It's backto-back defeats for Chev. And, you know, I think I don't think Chev really did himself justice on Saturday. Not taking anything away from Vidal. The style is difficult. you know, he doesn't like to engage much and he's quite slick and but you know, Chevv with his pedigree, you know, for me, I want to see him winning fights at that level and it's difficult, you know, obviously he lost that fight at kind of European level. Now he lost at at the British title level, but you know, Vid's a good fighter and Chevel have to regroup, but disappointing because I expected him to win that fight. Big card this Saturday in New York triple header. How do you see the three fights going? I'm so excited because obviously Matram are promoting the event and running the logistics with Ring Magazine. So, we're flat out from a team perspective, but in the ring, you haven't got the normal kind of drama for us and emotion for us. So, we can kind of sit there as a fan and I'm I really like the matchups. Like for me, I expect Ryan Garcia who looks really good, fresh face. So, good to see Ryan Garcia back healthy because he's an asset to the sport. Roi is a good fighter, but I just expect Ryan Garcia to stop him and to do it within, you know, maybe even four rounds. Um, I think Haney Ramirez is really interesting. You know, Devin had to go through a lot in that Ryan Garcia fight physically. Uh, definitely emotionally and mentally as well. And a lot depends on what Ramirez has left. You know, he lost to Barbosza. Um, I don't think he's the fighter that he once was. But up at 147 or a little bit lighter, maybe that gives him a little bit of uh extra juice in the tank. I think Devin will be too good for him, but we don't we just don't know how Devon's going to come back. And I think for me, the fight of the night is Tio against Barbosa. You know, Barbosa's coming off a good win against Jack Catrol. Tio sometimes a little bit indifferent. you know, you see him rise to the big occasion and, you know, great wins against Lomachenko and Josh Taylor, but sometimes he can just unravel a little bit and um Barbosa will be full of confidence and it's a great opportunity for him. I think that's a really good fight, great card. You know, when you look at three of kind of like the biggest young stars in the sport across the aside with Ryan, Devin, and Tio, it's a big night and another massive ring magazine event. Talk to us about the implications for Dr. and also Shakra Gears off because there is now a WBA title on the line in the Ryan Garcia fight. Yeah, I mean we got a call with with Boots tomorrow in a meeting. I mean right now Boots's star has never soared higher, you know. Um he wants to fight the other champions in the division. His excellence has made it very clear he wants Timo Lopez to fight Bennis which is a massive fight. Um we also are mandated to fight Shakra Gears which is something that we can't just duck out of. I mean that's an obligation. Shakra stepped aside for the Stanionis fight. So, it's going to be really interesting. Giron's made it clear to me he wants to challenge the other champions and try and unify again and become undisputed, but there's some bumps in the road and we got to navigate them. Moving elsewhere, Tyson Fury started chirping up. We've seen him back in the gym with his training team. Any discussions of Anthony Joshua? Honestly, nothing. I mean, I I do I've said all along I think it's only a matter of time before Tyson Fury comes back and if he comes back and maybe when he comes back hopefully he chooses AJ as that first fight. It's the biggest fight in boxing. Um hopefully he would have watched Saturday and just you know and you saw Usyk Dwire announcement. Maybe it just you know makes him lick his lips and go I'm not done yet and um we wait for that call. We dream of that call but he's the only man that can make it happen. quite scaring away eight years ago today was Wembley Stadium with Vladimir Klitschko. I mean when you look back at that night the state of play boxes in now I mean AJ's been at the forefront to spearhead British boxing over the last near decade now. Yeah I mean look they've all done great jobs. I mean AJ's changed the game really with those kind of fights and I feel like that night was a massive uh kickstart for the heavyweight division. Tyson Fury's done amazing. He's boxed at Wembley a couple of times. Um and AJ's boxed all over the world in in massive stadiums. Spurs, Wembley, Millennium Stadium, and it's been incredible. And I was talking about that fight earlier today. You know, it's so dramatic. Um, and I feel like those nights paved the way for what we're seeing now. They almost become the norm. Even last Saturday, 65,000 people for, you know, middleweight contest between two guys, not even for the world title. So, boxing's in an amazing place. You know, obviously with Ring Magazine, Turkey Shake, Riad season, Matum, Queensbury, Golden Boy, the Zone, Top Rank, everyone's pushing on. And I feel like boxing's just in a brilliant place right now. Look at this weekend. Got Friday night in Times Square with Ryan Garcia, Devin Haney and Tfimo Lopez. Saturday we're in Riad for Canelo Alvarez defending his or fighting for the undisputed championship both on the zone. And Sunday you got a new way and that's just three nights of boxing. It's just it's incredible what we're seeing and we want to put the foot firmly down on the pedal and move full throttle into 2025 and keep pushing on. And there is more announcements very imminent as well. Anything you can sort of tease for the fans? We got two brilliant uh fight cards in the US to announce this week. Um another one in Japan that we'll be announcing. Another one in Mexico as well and pushing hard for a big show as well in July. Obviously June 21st in Birmingham. McGra Massud, Yafi Gonzalez, double headers, a brilliant card. And July planning a an interesting little British clash actually that I think will do very very well. So, like I said, foot firmly on the uh the pedal and looking forward to some big announcements this week. Eddie, we'll leave it there and we'll pick up back with you later in the week when those announcements have dropped. Thanks for your time.