Kind: captions Language: en Eddie, now just one week away from Eubank Ben 2, the rematch. How are the nerves before? &gt;&gt; Yeah, no nerves. Just just excited. I want it to be Saturday, November the 15th now. Um, really confident. I mean, confident from everything that I've seen from Connor Ben in this camp, not just physically as well, but emotionally talking to to him, seeing Eubank, listening to a couple of the comments as well, I think we're fantastically poised to win this rematch. Not going to be easy. Eubank's shown his toughness. You know, he's um he's a true competitor and he's much bigger, but we'll be smarter this time. We'll still be spiteful. We'll still be violent, but we'll be better. And uh I think the younger man will prevail on November the 15th in another war. &gt;&gt; You were in training camp with Connor just over a week ago. How is he looking? &gt;&gt; Connor always looks great in camp. I mean, you know, he really does leave no stone unturned. Probably one of the hardest workers I've ever seen since I've worked in boxing. But I think the emotion is different this time. You know, first time obviously he was dealing with a lot of stuff around getting himself back in the ring. He was out of the ring for over a year. I think nearly a year and a half. And I just think the occasion, the moment, the buildup, everything just got to him for what was a very entertaining fight, but even by his own admissions, quite a poor performance. And he's going to be a lot lot better this time. We expect even maybe a better Eubank. Physically, I think there's going to be some dents in the armory of Chris Eubank after that last fight. I think it took a lot out of him and he is old in what he calls a young man's sport. So, it's going to be interesting to see, but Connor Ben is dialed in, focused to execute a fantastic performance at Tottenham next week. &gt;&gt; You say you expect a different Connor. Have you noticed anything different in the way he trains, the way he is? &gt;&gt; Just the way he's talking. I think he's much calmer. I think he's m matured as well. And I think everything that he's been through, you know, can make you a lot more resilient, can make you stronger, can can make you unbreakable. And I think he just feels like it's his time. I think going into that fight, there are a lot of question marks that he was answering, asking himself about the activity, maybe about his emotion going into the fight, about the weight as well. Looks much bigger now. Looks much more solid and sturdy at middleweight. Um, there's still going to be a big size advantage to Chris Euvank Jr., But you know, I think this time the work will be much smarter from Connor. &gt;&gt; Both men have seemingly somewhat locked themselves away a little bit for this training camp. Does that show the magnitude and and what's at stake in this one? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think both guys knew how tough that first fight was. And you know, I think probably Eubank didn't realize how tough the fight would be. So I expect him to train a little bit harder this time. you know, I don't think physically his body is the same as it it once was in his younger days. Um, and I don't know what new tricks he's going to learn at this stage in his career, but he is tough and he is resilient and he does have a lot of pride and he's incredibly stubborn. So, he it's not going to be easy, but like I said, Connor Ben can be much much better than last time and he will be. Connor's insistent that he's going to go out there and stick it straight on him in this fight, but surely he needs to be a bit smarter this time round. What do you think he needs to do differently? &gt;&gt; Yeah, Connor Connor&lt;unk&gt;'s a Ben, you know, and you can talk about boxing and being smart, but he's violent and he's ferocious and that's what makes him what he is. That's what made his dad what he is. And you're never going to take that away from a Ben, but you can do it with smart work. You can do it in a more compact and complete way. You can execute the game plan better. and he will do all of those things, but it will come with the same tenacity and violence and he will bring that and he will be punching hard, fast, and sharp on November the 15th. &gt;&gt; In Connor's own words, composure and emotion played a big part in that first fight. How do you think he handled it differently this time? &gt;&gt; Last time there was no composure. It was all emotion. I mean, listen, it gave the 70,000 and the millions watching around the world just one of the greatest fights we've seen. But you know, I think the corner, his dad, everyone will be thinking, "What are you doing?" But we know he's got heart. We know he's got bottle, we know he's got balls, but he's also much much better than that. He's a better boxer than Chris Eubank Jr. as well. &gt;&gt; One difference for this fight, Bowac will be in Chris Eubank's corner and not Jonathan Banks. What do you make of that decision? &gt;&gt; Bomac's a great trainer, you know. I mean, he's got a tremendous stable of fighters, of course. Terren Crawford, the the cream of the crop there. What is he going to add technically to Chris Eubank Jr. at this stage? I think what he would have added is probably a greater intensity in his training. I think Eubank doesn't like to listen to people. I think he does his own thing, but I think probably he's remembering how tough that fight was for him and and wanted to take it even more seriously this time around. And Bow's going to get the best out of you. I don't think technically it will be enough, but I think he might be fitter. Um I think he's trained harder. Um, but I don't know. You know, the old adage of teaching an old dog new tricks is is a classic. &gt;&gt; I think when we talk about the occasion and and the scale everything for Connor Ben, I think people forget that it's Connor's first really big it's his first really big fight, isn't it? You know, Eubanks been with Gail Grove Smith. Will having that first big fight experience for him be something under &gt;&gt; that was always a worry going into that first fight was the occasion. And I think he dealt with it well, but you know, he still fought off emotion and and pride and probably anger as well. And this time he'll be a lot more composed in the changing room. You know, the change room will be the same. The ring walk will be the same when he looks around. He's seen it before. Um, this time we just got to be more switched on and more focused. &gt;&gt; The first fight was so good. Do you think this one can top it? &gt;&gt; I think this, you know, these two could fight a hundred times. everyone will be a classic because it means too much and it means so much and and obviously this time around for Connor Ben it couldn't mean more. I mean he has to win this fight for redemption if if this this is Eubank Ben four and the Ben's are yet to pick up a victory and this could be the last chance. &gt;&gt; Tactically we talk about Connor and what he needs to do but how do you think Eubank Junior will play this summer? Um, I don't know. I mean, look, Eubank can I don't think Eubank's very good as a boxer. You know, one thing he's always been is he's tough. He's not as tough as he once was because he's older. He's made his money, but he's very stubborn and and he was very tough last time because there was a huge amount on the line. Um, and I think whatever happens, he will he'll stay tough in this fight. Um maybe they'll pull him out of the fight. You know, there's a lot of people around him that he said want him to retire. They know how tough it was last time. They know what happened after the fight. Maybe he's too brave for his own good and and and he's taken out of the fight. It wouldn't surprise me either. &gt;&gt; What happens to Connor's career if he wins this fight? Oh, I mean, look, this has been a great great period for Connor Ben. Obviously, financially secured himself for life, but we have aspirations for him to become a world champion. What it's done is the profile that it's given him has been incredible. You know, we know he's a massive draw, one of the biggest draws in British boxing because he's so exciting. He got a huge amount of respect last time out for the guts and heart that he showed. Um, and this has been a great springboard to what's next. Then what's next for Connor Ben is the world championship, but we have to win next Saturday. &gt;&gt; Talk about that road to the world championship. Has a trilogy been discussed at all for this. &gt;&gt; There's no trilogy within the contract. Look, when Connor Ben wins, of course, there'll be cries for the third, but we also have aspirations for Conoran to become world champion like his father. You know, the move back down to welterweight will be tough because you'll see this week physically he's different this time around at 160. So there's a lot of weight to strip off to get back to that championship limit and maybe it's 54 next time around but but we shall see. But you know for Connor Ben we're not looking at the trilogy. We're looking at getting the job done on November 15th and then becoming world champion. &gt;&gt; There was so much in the buildup to the last fight and even continue on for the press conference for this one. Are you expecting much shenanigans next week in terms of the build up? I mean, listen, always from Eubank because, you know, he seems more interested in me than Connor Ben, which is flattering, but I think he should focus on Connor Ben because he's going to have his hands full. And uh, you know, there's been a lot of of back and forth. I'm sure many find it entertaining. There's been some things that have been said that I think um are not on and they they will be dealt with. But listen, it's the fight game. It's the buildup. Um, I'm sure this week will be thrilling, but what will really be thrilling is inside those ropes on November 15th at a pack Tottenham Hotspur Stadium live on design. &gt;&gt; And just finally, Eddie, uh, if you can predict the outcome of this fight, how it goes, what's your prediction? &gt;&gt; I predict that Eubank will not come out for the 11th or 12th round at Tottenham Hotspur and Connor Ben will win by late stoppage. All the best.