Kind: captions Language: en Ferriera I think FERRIERA DEFINITELY RESPECTS THAT'S THE RIGHT HAND, THE DANGEROUS SHOT FROM ELIF TURHAN. 20 SECONDS LEFT IN THE FIRST ROUND. THIS ONE HAS BEEN COUNTED DOWN TWICE. THAT WAS A SERIOUS KNOCKDOWN. 10 TO GO. GETS AGAIN CONNER BENN AT THE O2, we don't know yet, but Conner Benn has got a fantastic year ahead. I don't think that shot really landed there. But, no real body shots thrown from Turhan. Everything's a big right hand over the top, looking to take the head off Beatrice Ferriera. Do you know what you could do? You could when she throws that overhand right, like you said there, then stick a left to the body. Cuz her head's so far over to that left-hand side, she's in the position to throw that left TO THE BODY. EXTRAORDINARY SCENES DOWN AT THAT GAME, BEATRICE GOING TO RECOVER. TURHAN MIGHT BE SLIPPING AWAY. THIS IS THE OPPORTUNITY FOR ELIF TURHAN, AND THE REFEREE IS WAVING IT OFF, AND IT IS AN AMAZING NIGHT for the woman from Turkey, the challenger, Elif Turhan IS THE NEW IBF LIGHTWEIGHT CHAMPION. TOO POWERFUL, too strong. SHE'S 12 AND 0, ANOTHER KNOCKOUT, and Beatrice Ferriera is beaten for the first time as a pro, and stopped. And that power, Sonny, I just you just haven't seen anything like that in the women's game. And you could tell that Ferriera was not used to it. And what a bad end of it. Talk about power, notoriety, and a way and excitement. It's all happening. Ring 5 night of the Samurai, DON'T MISS THAT LIVE on The Zone, December the 27th, but what about Elif Turhan? She just would not be denied. But I I don't know what's more frightening, the way she finished the fight or the way she's just in the corner there, not even celebrating, like she knew that was going to happen. And it was the same against Shawna Brown, Shawna O'Keefe. As soon as she knocked her out, she came not one not one smidge of emotion came on her face. She pulled her trainer out the way at the beginning of that round. She went and stopped Beatrice Ferriera. She's a world champion, and she is cool as ice in the corner here. It's many congratulations. You can tell she's used to being able to throw back. Ferriera is used to be able to get backed up in the corner when it rarely happens, and she's able [music] to throw back, tough it out, and hurt the person back. The hands went, and she got caught clean. We have a new star attraction in women's boxing, and her name is Elif Turhan from Istanbul. Beatrice Ferriera is knocked out here in Monaco, and as still there's no celebration. Let me tell you now, she's so fortunate. She's just won the world title there. And the reason I say that is because she's got what what fighters want. Because otherwise, who would go near this woman? Who's running towards her now, even with that belt? You tell me a fighter in her division that's running towards this woman. Caroline Dubois, let's see it happen. I don't think they'll run towards her, Adam. I don't. And I rate Caroline Dubois very highly. I would love to see that. Now, she is she knows she's number one in the division. She's dethroned Beatrice Ferriera in her fourth defense. It's [music] an upset here in Monaco, and Sonny, I've seen you get up off your feet more times tonight than I think all year. We're we're calling the yo-yo. I've just recovered from a hip surgery, so I can stand up again now, but what a performance, what a champion, Elif Turhan. Well, the power What it is, ladies and gentlemen, referee Manuel Oliver Melendez calls a halt to this contest. The official time of the stoppage, 1 minute and 8 seconds of round number five, declaring a winner by TKO, she's still undefeated, AND THE NEW IBF LIGHTWEIGHT CHAMPION OF THE WORLD, the golden Turkish warrior, ELIF NUR TURHAN. NOW, THERE'S TEARS OF EMOTION. She can let it out, Elif Nur Turhan. It's a huge win. Beatrice Ferriera respectful in defeat. But she's been crowned the IBF 9 stone 9 champ. WHAT A 2026 we have ahead with Elif Nur Turhan. She is must-watch television. And I think there's something poetic. She completely ignored the world title that was about to get wrapped around her waist to parade her flag around. Proud proud fighter. What a fighter. From Istanbul, Eddie Hearn smiling. Jamie, I know that her mom is an English teacher. I'm not sure how you'll get on with this, but good luck, and she's a very deserved champion. What power. World lightweight champion, just tell the world what this moment means to you right now. Thank you, everyone. We trained so hard for this moment. We literally put ourselves through everything. We went to war in training, and we came in here, and we went to war in here as well. Thank you to everyone. Beatrice Ferriera, two-time Olympic medalist, but why did you always believe this was a fight you were going to win tonight? I worked so hard for 3 years. This was my life, this fight, and this is what I worked for, and this is how I gave my most. We trained so hard. I cried every single time we trained. I trained that hard, I was crying throughout, and this is what it's for, to become world champion. Do you believe you are the biggest puncher in female boxing right now in the world? She said, "Well, I've just won a world title, so I'm going to fight the best, and I want to show it again. So, at the moment, yes, but I've I've got hard opponents to come, so I'll keep showing it." I done everything I could to show that women can fight as hard as men, and I want to continue to show that, and I want to continue to show that we are warriors just as much as men are, and I I want to I'm going to carry that flag for the women. Most ready home, what a moment for Elif Turhan. Here, I just asked, do you think you're the biggest puncher in women's boxing? What do you think? Not just the biggest puncher in women's boxing, pound for pound in all boxing, one of the biggest punchers, the most scary, fearsome fighter I think I've ever seen. I mean, a lot of it sometimes is wild, and it's not always pretty, but she will hunt you down, and when she catches you, you're in big trouble. And that was an incredible performance. You have to understand the story. It was literally she took a chance against Shawna Brown on a show. The team just said, "Just give us a chance." She came, she won that fight. She went to Paris in the away corner. She won the WBA interim title. She accepted this fight straight away, and it's just, you know, what you're looking at is one of the most entertaining, one of the most fearsome fighters in all of boxing. And this is a massive win for Turkish boxing as well. And I don't know if it's quite sunk in yet, cuz I went over to Elif in the corner, and I said, "You've become world champion." She said, "Thank you." So, that shows you what's to come. This journey is only just getting started. It's a phenomenal journey. She's still mandatory to Alycia Baumgardner. That was the fight that was supposed to happen, but now she's world champion at 135 lb. You know, she's got to be looking at whether Beatrice comes back, whatever it's going to be, the unification with Caroline Dubois. I'll tell you what, if I was representing any fighter in the world, the last thing I would be doing is getting in the ring with Elif Turhan. I would avoid her like the plague. So, good luck to every female fighter out there, cuz Elif Turhan is coming. Message clear from promoter Eddie Hearn. Elif, congratulations to you, and the new world champion tonight. You'll never forget. Final message. Thank you to everyone. God is the greatest. God is the greatest. Elif Turhan, what a win.