Kind: captions Language: en Sergio, you said it was a powerful shot. To me, it looked like he just reached out and hit him with a stun gun. Why don't you watch it again and see where it lands perfectly perfectly right there? Those shots right there, those hurt me right now. Just watching them. You can see the grimace in the face. That's That's a right hand to the liver. I mean, normally you're accustomed to getting left hooks to the liver, but the lead right hand, that's a dominant hand from a right-handed fighter landing right on that organ. It's it's it's painful. You're not going to get up from those shots. And you can see, look, touch him upstairs and and and Guv still got hit with that right hand. Didn't phase him. Nothing nothing to keep him off him just to set up that shot. Throw away a jab upstairs. Bend your knees. Get that nice right hand downstairs. [Music] So, the silver medalist from the 2016 Olympics has another win in the welterweight division. He's rated first by the WBA, seventh by the WBO. His future looks very bright. Let's make it official. And David Diamonte. Ladies and gentlemen, referee David Franciosi reaches the count of 10 at 1 minute and 57 seconds of round number four, declaring your winner by knockout. He's still undefeated. Shakra [Music] Wonderboy Guasaw. [Applause] Shakram Guasov upward and onward. Sergio, his last performance, you gave him a C. I did. What would you give him tonight? Well, you got to you got to give this man an A. I mean, he did everything that you want from somebody that still has championship ambitions and he knocked out a fighter that's never been stopped. A guy that came to win, a guy that was, you know, stubborn and he got him out of there. So, I give him I give him an A. You have to give him an A. He's standing by now with Chris Manx. Well, Shakro, congratulations. You stay undefeated and you get your first knockout in about four years. How'd you feel about that performance? I'm I'm playing great because Yes, of course. four years and hard opponents for me big fights 12 rounds more uh for me it's experience you know uh four four five fights and 12 round 10 rounds it's good for me but now I'm starting my knuckle you know you set the tone for this fight early on with that knockdown to the head you went back downstairs to the body what was working for you in this fight Yes, of course. We we are with team working uh hard work, you know, to good cam for our for us. Uh we working uh more body work, more body shot and more combination for for knockout, you know. We we got it. We we did it. It was obviously a difficult camp for you with the passing of your daughter. What kind of emotions did you have coming into the ring tonight? It's for me very very very hard and uh preparation very hard camp you know because I'm lost my daughter she's she see me now she's now watching me uh she pray for me I I promise I promise her. I I promise I I I want to be world champion. You know, I love it here. You made her that promise. Now you Shocker, of course, you're next in line. It's It's fight. It's fight for my daughter. It's victory for my daughter. Next fight I wanna I promise for my daughter I wanna uh I be world champion. She she she believed me. I I did it. Uh I know this you know give me chance I do it. Congratulations Shakan. Great fight and best to you and your family. Thank you. Thank you so much brother. [Applause]