Kind: captions Language: en He wears red and white. He scaled 13 stone, 14 oz. He is undefeated in his campaign as a professional with a record of 10 victories, no defeats, one draw, and seven wins coming by way of knockout. Fighting out of Bali Brack, Ireland by way of West Bromise in the West Midlands. Please welcome the 2020 Olympic silver medalist AND THE REIGNING AND UNDEFEATED WBC silver light heavyweight champion, the surgeon, Ben Whitaker. Okay, Ben, if a cold break, expect to take one step back. Go break. No punches around the back of the head. No goatee. Okay, touch gloves. Tes, &gt;&gt; major sporting attraction, &gt;&gt; but beginning at 28 to get more serious. And is this a serious test against Brian Suarez, the 34 year old from Buenazer who's in fight number 26. He's won 21 of them. Some big wins early, some big wins late, but he has been stopped early himself. What will Whitaker do coming off Darren those quick victories of late? Well, I tell you what, he's grabbed this fight by the scruff of the next straight in the center of the ring. Working behind a sharp jab, looking to counter with the right hand. Very, very positive. It's about Suarez now. How does he deal with this hand speed? How can he land these heavy shots? That's a lovely right hook again from Whitaker. &gt;&gt; Yeah, beautifully precise. The surgeon. What a apt nickname. &gt;&gt; Yeah, and straight out the blocks just like Darren said, you could see the intent to sort of be the man in the fight for Whitaker. edging back a little bit more now, but finding the lead hand regularly in the first minute of the first round. &gt;&gt; And Suarez finding fresh air. He was a mile away with that hook as he got the leg still in his mid30s to be able to deal with the speed and class of Whitaker of course struck Olympic silver. He was devastated not to get gold, but will he get a golden world title at some point? It's a very very contested 12 stone 7 division. But look at him here. &gt;&gt; Look at the intelligence. Really good use of that lead hand, head, body softening up Suarez. &gt;&gt; Yeah. The issue for Suarez, not only does he have to worry about the hand speed and the placement, the accuracy of Whitaker's shots, is the lack of hand speed that he has. And when you you're a sharp shooter, a good counter puncher like Whitaker is, that will be your downfall. &gt;&gt; And I think it's more the heaviness of his feet that gets him in the problem. So look, he's throwing shots there that aren't, you know, necessarily slow, but because he's leaving his feet behind, he's giving enough time and enough space for Ben to just, you know, lean back, take away the danger. Nice body shots, though. &gt;&gt; Yeah, beginning to SEND OUT A COUPLE OF DISTRESS SIGNALS. AND now he's in BIG DISTRESS. THE RIGHT HAND HAS LAID IT OUT HERE IN THE FIRST ROUND. IT'S ANOTHER VICTORY FOR BEN WHITAKER. INSIDE THREE MINUTES, TWO in a row as Ben sizzles on Mury's side. It was precise. It was beautiful. And once again, he feels he's the man TO CHANGE BOXING. WE'RE ALL watching it. A without a shadow of a doubt with performances like that backed it up again. Who's not going to want to watch him? You know, he's a character outside and in the ring and that that was very, very good. The way he's thrown that shot, it complaining that at the back of the head from where I was sat in real time, it looked like it was the side of the head. He was hurt by a body shot, wasn't he? He was sending out a couple of signals to the referee and he walked into that heavy punch and he was never getting up. It's as soon as he changed the pace, as soon as he burst, he went from touching nice and relaxed. The moment that he changed it, look, he touches there, catches a nice right hook over the side, targets the body, and then there &gt;&gt; absolutely fine, &gt;&gt; but it was on the side of his head. A very similar shot to what we see then what he could get Liam Cameron out with. And yes, okay, some people the corner, the red corner especially, they're complaining right now pointing watching the replay, they're complaining about the the the placement of the shot. But as long as you're getting away with it, you keep telling your fighter, keep throwing it, &gt;&gt; right? I'll tell you now, right, the objective, the main objective this evening was to win at all cost. Get the job done in which is a test against a heavyhitting Argentinian. But what he's done there is he's looked fantastic. He looked brutal, hurtful. You know, this is how you generate &gt;&gt; The shot was behind the ear, Darren. The shot was behind the ear. Devil's advocate. The shot was. Now, don't get me wrong. I don't think Suarez was innocent. I think he half turned away as the shot come in and hence why it landed there. &gt;&gt; So, perfect for you. &gt;&gt; I I I think it was definitely a knockout. I think it was definitely the right decision, but I do think it was in a area where you can see why the red corner Suarez is going home feeling a bit hard done by. Let's be real. But back to back first round knockouts on the zone. You wanted to win and look good doing it. How pleased are you with that tonight? That was good. Is it? That was good, baby. First of all, Liverpool, THANK YOU VERY MUCH FOR TURNING OUT. Thank you for matching for keeping the show on. And thank you to my Lord and Savior Jesus Christ every time. But what did I say backstage, man? I have my two best friends, Dez and Troy. And what do they make? Destroy, baby. You see what happened? You see what happened? &gt;&gt; Just talk us through the shot that ended it. Ben, you wanted another highlight, real knockout to go around the world just like it did in November. Just talk us how you set that one up at the end there. Don't get it twisted. He's a very good fighter. I know I was going to come in for a I was expecting a couple rounds, but then I wasn't as well because the work my brother, the work with Andy, it's been amazing, man. And like I said, I can still play. I was I was just getting into my room and start showboating, having a bit of fun, but I'm hitting now. I'm hitting and um like I said to take somebody like that out in the first round, it shows where I'm at. &gt;&gt; You say you're hitting now. Is that down to the work you're doing with Andy Lee because it seems there's more of a spiteful side to the surgeon now. &gt;&gt; Yeah, like I said, my brother Jamie Whitaker, my coach Andy Lee going out to Ireland. You heard what I was representing to Bali Bratman. So, shout out Ireland who took me in with both hands and it's amazing being out there. Um I'm finding my feet. I know when to play. I know when to look sexy and I know when to get him out of there, too. &gt;&gt; You said you'd made a big mistake, which is probably something you're used to hearing now, Ben, from your opponents. What is it, do you think, Ben, that is different from watching Ben Whit Whitaker, I should say, to being in the ring with the surgeon. How do you compare the two? &gt;&gt; Like I said, those first couple of fights, yeah, I look good, but I was just messing around, man. These people don't think I can box, so I'm showing them what boxing's about. But we might be going somewhere in June and you might see these shiny shoes again. &gt;&gt; Just before we talk about what's next, Ben, I believe we can have a look at the screen down the back the red corner. We're complaining about the placement of the shot. Just talk to us from your experience what you see here. &gt;&gt; Beautiful body shot. BOW. GOTCHA. And that's all she wrote, man. &gt;&gt; Hey, the back tattoo looks good. The chest tattoo looks even better. But what a shot, man. And um that's what you call that that one. I think that one was Troy. No, I mean did set it up. But at the end of the day, like I said, he was a great fighter. Uh I don't like to be disrespectful. I'm just having a bit of fun, but that's how you get him out of there, man. &gt;&gt; And in terms of what is next for you, Ben, you know, the score in this game, you've been in boxing for a long time. When you're winning fights in this fashion, boxing fans want to see you stepped up. They want to see you in with the big names already, which you've said is a compliment. What do you think of all that noise around you at such an early stage and how do you plan on answering it in the next 12 months? &gt;&gt; Well, that's actually a step up and you see what I'm doing. So, for me, the Canor call me out. But they're calling me out for a reason cuz the more I get in this ring, the more experience I get, the more I get comfortable in this ring, it's dangerous for them. So, you know, Eddie's got a tough task and monitoring me the right way. But that's why I joined Matt Troom to make that happen. &gt;&gt; Let's bring in promoter Eddie Hearn. Eddie, as Ben just said there, look, that was a step up. We know what Brian Suarez brings to the table. We've seen what he can do in the ring against top domestic fighters as well, but he's making it look all too easy at the moment. &gt;&gt; And by the way, I'm so glad we've seen Suarez before cuz the haters will say, "Oh, it's another first round knockout." We've seen him go to war with Lindon Arura, drop Lyndon Arura. We've seen him just fight one of the best Russian prospects in the world, have a war with him, take him the distance as well. What you're seeing is the evolution of the next true British great superstar of boxing in Ben Whitaker. Some some might like it, some might not like it. Tough. You got to get used to it. Cuz I watch him walk into the ring and I'm thinking superstar, superstar, superstar. He's got the swag and he's he's it's almost annoying how slick and cool he is because he's got something very special. He's also got he's got a lot of special things. He's also got this man in the corner who's very special as well in Andy Lee. And I just said to him then, you know, we are on the beautiful path here to the World Championships and we got to get it right. And as we peak, we got to be ready for the true tests. You ain't got to wait too long for the true test for Ben Whitaker. But we know exactly what we're doing. Next up, he's going to be where he should be. He's going to be where all the superstars go and like to walk in front of the bright lights. New York, he's coming. Giron Enis against Xander Deseras. Barkley Center, Brooklyn. You're going to see the true star of British boxing, Ben Whitaker, make his American debut on June 27th, number one. Then we're going to come back and we're going to headline back in Birmingham in a big fight. Whether that's a big domestic fight, whether that's a final eliminator for the World Championship. And by the end of that period, I truly believe in 2027, he'll be ready for every 175 pounder in the world. Honestly, trust us. We know what we're doing. We know you love boxing. We know you love us to fly the flag and beat the very best of the best. We finally got someone in this country who's got all the superstar potential, but could go out and beat them all and just enjoy this journey because this young man is very, very special. You may think he's cocky. You may think he's arrogant, but I'll tell you something now, he's not. He's a man of faith. He's a real solid individual as well. Quiet guy. Doesn't go out, doesn't push the boundaries, doesn't mess around. He's dedicated to the sport. He's got an amazing team and we've got every opportunity to do something very, very special. I'm so happy you're with us. I'm so happy you're with us. We're going all the way.