Kind: captions Language: en Well, hello and welcome back to Flash Knockdown series 6 episode number 11. And as you can see on the poster behind me, it is finally fight week. Unfinished business presented by The Ring live exclusively on the zone from the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. Chris Eubank Jr. versus Conor Benn part two is on the way on Saturday night. But as far as Flash Knockdown goes this week, here's what we have coming up for you all on today's show. The Destroyer Conor Benn talks Saturday's monster grudge rematch against arch-rival [music] Chris Eubank Jr. Our very own CEO Mr. Frank Smith is in the middle of it all quite literally this weekend and he joins us in the Flash Knockdown [music] studio. Paddy Donovan joins us to catch up following his world title defeat to Luis Crocker and how motivated he is to press on to get back in [music] the world title mix. I meet up with boxing scribe legend Mr. Steve Bunce who has been ringside for all three of the [music] Eubank-Benn fights throughout history. And of course, there's all the usual chat, quiz, and much more coming up. You know what to do. Don't go anywhere. Well, promoter Eddie Hearn is over in America actually at the start of this week for a big press conference for Dalton Smith ahead of his fight with Subriel Matias for the world title next year. So, we've drafted in Mr. Frank Smith. Now, actually to be fair, when I look at the the two of you in the build-up to what promises to be a massive night on Saturday, we'd much rather have you in this week anyway. Of course, of course because of your relationship on both sides of the fence. Um when a fight week like this rolls around, Frank, how does it look like through the eyes and mind of Frank Smith? Busy. Busy. Every stadium show, especially with the elements of rain and wind, are always a bit of fun. But it's uh it's going to be a big night. You think back to April and the and the event that took place April 26th at Tottenham Stadium. You know, the the three years that led up to that moment and then those 12 rounds of just absolute all-out brawl and war. You know, this is going to be no different. So, it's a it's a big week ahead. You know, it all kicks off later today. It's going to be interesting to see what antics take place this week cuz I'm sure Mr. Eubank will have some. How do you actually combat I mean I mean obviously a lot for those who don't know, you're CEO and you're behind a lot of the big deals and a lot of big contracts and a lot of huge decisions at Matchroom, but you're also involved in a lot of the day-to-day stuff particularly with the big stadium shows and even the small details from the barriers and making sure everything is correct. You're a bit of a perfectionist, but you can't necessarily deal with the weather by yourself, Frank. So, what do you have to put in place to deal with that? The weather? I know, you just get on with it. You just have to bring some rain mix, don't you? Bring a nice rain jacket, you'll be all right. You know, I know you're worried about your your look and your style now you're you're face of you're face of the broadcast. &gt;&gt; hairspray. Um but no, look, we're used to it. We've done it done it in worse conditions than this. It's going to be it's going to be a great atmosphere. And you know, people forget that they're in the cold come come Saturday night and watching that watching that fight. Do you actually enjoy them? Not really. No, do you know what? I I think what I what drives me is I I walk out to the the stadium and you'll be like, "Wow, look at to say we did this." I mean, it's like it's not in an arrogant way, but more of look at what we were part of creating. And I think that's what I enjoy That's the bit I enjoy every week. You can't control the boxing. The boxing is like it's it's they're going to get in the ring. The best man's going to win. Um but the one thing we can can control is putting on a on an event that people won't forget. And that's where I get my joy from. It's like I say, walking out 70,000 people on Saturday night and looking around again, "Yeah, this is cool." I know you're good friends with Conor Benn and you know, there's obviously an interesting dynamic which we'll we'll talk about in a moment family-wise for you and the Eubanks of course, but what have you made of Conor's attitude in the build-up? Have you spoken to him already this week? What's been his vibe? Yeah, I look, I haven't I haven't spoken to him tons. When I have spoken to him, I think you see a very different Conor Benn, a lot more calm, composed. You know, you have to imagine and remember he'd never been through an event of that magnitude uh back in April. And it was an event that had built up, as I said before, for three whole years. It wasn't just a normal build-up of a couple of months. This was something that had been back and forth happening off, on, you know, for years and years and years. And we [snorts] finally saw it and the pressure was on him. You know, there was so much pressure on him. And I think as a character, you don't need to look at him. He's an emotional character. You know, like and you've seen that in other press conferences, but I think the way he's handled himself coming into this, I think the experience is showing now. He's been here, he's done it, he knows he can't get over emotional and over-invested. You know, you've got two men really who are complete polar opposites of each other. Ice cold Chris Eubank Jr. and Conor Benn who actually shows his emotion. And they're great when they're building stuff up. But you know, it it takes a lot out of you. And I think you've seen for the last 12 weeks all the way back to the press conference, a much more composed Conor Benn. Um look, they're both going to go into the ring better. You know, they know how hard the night is going to be after April. So, they're both going to improve. They're both going to have taken things from that first fight. But I definitely think, you know, the the relaxed composure of Conor is going to be a big plus for him. Did you speak to Chris Eubank Jr. after the fight? No. Not at all. Zero. No. So, what what is your relationship? Uh he's my brother-in-law he's my brother-in-law in a sense. I'm not married, but I've been we might might as well be married. Um But yeah, it is what it is. Every family's different, everything's different. You know, I'm I I haven't in the whole build-up to any of these things said anything against him. I never would. It's not not in my character. Um It's difficult for me cuz I'm quite I'm quite so as hard as I am, I'm quite soft when it comes to that side of things. So, you know, anyone can say anything about me on the internet. I don't I don't really care. You know, I don't care what people think if they don't know me. Um but I think it is a it's a different you know, it's it's a hard thing to balance. I don't agree with 99% of the things he said. You know, and it it has a bit more it cuts a bit more when it comes from someone, you know, who's family essentially. Um but it is what it is. You got to get on with it. But I pushed for this fight, you know, throughout because I thought it was the biggest fight out there for both guys. You know, we represent Conor Benn, we wanted to deliver the biggest possible opportunity. And for Chris Eubank Jr., there's no fight like this that delivers the numbers this does. You know, so it's it's the biggest biggest one to be made. You expecting Sr. to be here again on fight night? Have you heard anything? I think so. I was listening to talkSPORT in the car. I think they've got Sr. and Nigel Benn in the studio tomorrow or or on talkSPORT. So, I guess he'll be involved this time. You know, it's him turning up to the first one obviously played a huge part in it as well. So, yeah, it's it's without their fathers, they wouldn't be where they are. And this fight wouldn't be happening because you wouldn't have a 147 fighter fighting a 160 for no for no reason. You know, this is all about their fathers, but what they have gone on to do and what they probably, as most people in their positions won't get the credit for and as much as Chris doesn't like me, I will always give him credit for certain elements. They've both gone and delivered in that fight. You know, and they and they showed really why they deserve to be where they were cuz when you deliver entertainment like that, that's what it's all about. You know, so for me, I think they deserve a huge amount of credit as fighters. As much as we say they won't and I say that they won't be here without their fathers, they deserve huge credit because they've gone in there and they've delivered. When you look at the road map, I know that Matchroom yourself and Eddie are very keen on on looking at the path and that's how you tend to communicate with fighters and that's a big selling point as well and what gets fighters excited. Win or lose, what do you see next for Conor Benn after Saturday? Look, again, I go back to when you test yourself and you go into real fights and you put everything on the line, people will watch you again and again and again. You know, Conor stepping up in weight divisions, it's against the you know, the odds are against him. You know, Chris is the much bigger man. They've both got positives, negatives that play into it. But I think, you know, Conor is obviously fully set on winning this fight, getting his revenge this time around. But he's got every opportunity to go back and win world titles at 147, 154 maybe if he wants to as well. You know, the the fights are there because when you draw like Conor Benn does, you get the opportunities. You know, and he can go into any of those big fights as he's been saying. He'll be fully focused on Saturday night and what he has to do in there. He won't be thinking about winning, losing sorry, won't be thinking about losing. All he'll be thinking about is winning. That's all that will be on his mind. Um but you know, when you look at his career at 28 years old, I think he is, 29 years old, and you look at British boxers and where British boxing is and you look at the stars, you know, you look outside of AJ and Fury coming towards the end of their careers. Obviously Fury currently retired. Um I'd say Conor is the biggest name there. With Chris as well at a stage where he's also, you know, he's 36. He's not going to be going on much longer. So, Conor's really in that peak peak of his career where he can go on and be the biggest name in British boxing. Um so, he's got everything ahead of him. Would you already, for example, reach out when you look at the world champions you've got at welterweight, the likes of Luis Crocker? Are those conversations that might have already happened? You say, "Look, if Conor comes through, this is a fight we want to make." Is that something you've already done? Yeah, but I think at the same time you have to balance it with we represent Luis Crocker as well. So, it's not like Luis just wait there, let's see what happens with Conor. That is a discussion we had about that fight, but at the same time Luis wants other fight, you know, he wants the biggest fights out there. And if that's not going to be Conor, if that's going to be other opportunities, you said about bringing Manny Pacquiao to Windsor Park. I think he'd he'd like the cold of Belfast in April or May. Um You know, so we have to do that, but we're always talking about what's next. That's our job to do. Obviously, for fighters, they're focused on what they've got ahead of them. Our job is to be looking in the future as to what can be made. Where do you put the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium out of all the stadiums that you've done big events &gt;&gt; In North London. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Nice. Geographically, anyway. Um I love Tottenham. As in I'm not a Tottenham fan, but the stadium and I pushed hard for the the both events to be at Tottenham. I think it's one of the most especially in Europe, probably one of the best stadiums in Europe. You know, there's obviously the new Bernabeu, I think. I'm not my football knowledge isn't huge. There's the [laughter] Camp Nou or the new camp or whatever they call it now. But Tottenham Stadium is sensational. &gt;&gt; get the Match of the Day gig, to be honest. &gt;&gt; I know. With that kind of knowledge, you you would think actually that maybe they'll call me after this. You never know. But yeah, Tottenham's unbelievable. What makes it easy to to put like I mean like easy is probably the wrong word, but why is it &gt;&gt; If it was easy, we wouldn't be here. Everyone would be going here if it was easy. But why is it a venue that that makes sense for these big shows? Because it was built with the thought of events. Like football stadiums predominantly are there for football, of course. And rightly so. But Tottenham, with everything I did, it was always about other events, whether that be concerts, sporting events, you know. They do something like 40 events outside of football a year. You know, so that that for me was always the focus. Our as our job is to deliver a great experience for the fans, and that's what Tottenham Stadium gives people. As producer Scott Hamilton will know, you know, he frequents the bars in there once every other weekend. What would be your advice, Frank? Look, when you look at the way your life is, you've been a match promoter since you were 14, I think now, in terms of work-life balance, what would be your advice to people? If you want to get to the top, how do you make it work and what are the sacrifices that you have to be willing to make? Don't think it exists. I have to be honest. I don't think work-life balance really exists if you're challenging yourself to keep going. I think Also, everyone's view of success is very different. Success doesn't just mean you work really hard, you make a lot of money. Success can be anything, you know. For me, what drives me forward is as I say, walking out and looking around and going, "Wow, look at what we did this weekend." Or looking at and going, "Wow, this isn't good enough." You know, things need to improve, and we get that feeling every week we do a show. We get to have that feeling as to was it good enough, could it have been improved, or was it a great night and I want to do it again next weekend. Um but yeah, I don't think there's such a thing as work-life balance. If you want to climb to the top of whatever you're in, I think you have to literally be literally be 100% dedicated in whatever it is to that, and something has to give on the other side in order to do that. And like I've done it with family, you know, like you can't I'm away at Christmas Day this year. The next 7 weeks, I'm away every day but two. You know, and I'll come back on the 28th of December and everything will be back to normal, hopefully. Um But yeah, you have to you have to literally give yourself to it. And then you life changes as well. Like my life in a in a few years, hopefully I'll go, "Do you know what? That was great, but now I'm going to go and chill out on a beach and make coffees and sell sandals." Is I I do honestly get the feeling from like even just spending time with you in the office that you will go from the most extreme to the other when you do decide to walk away from boxing. Yeah, 100%. Boxing boxing is the is an amazing business. It's given me an amazing lot like I've done things you could never experience in life that boxing has given me. Um since the age of 14, I've flown around the world, I've met some amazing people, you know, and done things that you think, "Wow, can you believe we did that?" &gt;&gt; G Wagon. Yeah, did that. Got to lift the star boxing at once. Yeah. Yeah. Pretty cool. Sold it, ran out of money. Um but I think for me, your life changes. Like I would have done I think I've got another five or six years in boxing. I would have done 25 years of hard work, right? When I say hard work, this isn't me moaning. Like it's literally 24/7. Like phone is not off, on it non-stop. If I don't respond in 10 minutes, there's a prob you know, like And I don't want to do that forever. I will literally go from being the most, you know, a very hard-working person to go and, you know, chill on a beach somewhere. Maybe not forever, but just have a bit of time away from the madness. And boxing like boxing's quite a as a business is the worst business in the world. The people I love there's some great people, but a lot of people you won't want to spend your weekends with. You won't want to spend time with. And I think if you spend too long in boxing, you become bitter. And I'm not a bitter person, so I want to escape before I do that. Are you content with what you've achieved yet? Uh yeah, I think I'm my I'm my own biggest critic. As I say earlier about like people people have a view of me, they don't know me. They think I'm just some, you know, I'm a tea boy or this, that, the other. I'm content cuz I'm the critic. I look at things and go, "That's not good enough. You didn't work hard enough there. You didn't do that." I don't really care what people think about me if you don't know me. I care like if you knew me and you thought I was a bit of a knobhead, I'd go, "Why do you think I'm a knob?" You know? But I'm I've done amazing things, and I'm not an I'm not an arrogant person. I think though I can look at what we've done and gone, "Can you do it bigger?" Not really like we've we've done events, we've broke records all around the world at stadiums all around the world, you know. We've been doing it at a high level for 15, 16 years. So, you know, I could quit tomorrow and go, "I've got enough stories for the rest of my lifetime." Not at that stage yet cuz I'm still enjoying it. I've still got a lot where I think I can do things, but yeah, I'm content to content to a place where if it all stopped tomorrow, I'd go, "Wow, what a ride." Do you think Eddie will be like Barry and just I mean like Barry Barry retired, didn't he? And then he's still he's working in the office at in Brentwood, he's still sat there in his suit every day. Yeah. Is he like &gt;&gt; think Eddie will do it? It's his life though for Barry. Like Barry's life is And it's not like he's what he just wants to know everything that's going on. You know, when you create something, I guess it's very hard to properly walk away from it. Although you let other people in and you let other people take control of elements. It's like that's my life. So, I created that and I can't see a life without being in that. They'll have a flash knock down. Exactly. Like you you'll even when Matchroom even when you stop at Matchroom, maybe you'll still come coming here. In this set and you'll be filming this and they'll be like, "What's he doing here again?" I think I think Eddie's very different, but I do believe Eddie has a passion for boxing. You know, I have a passion for putting on events. I have a passion for putting on shows. He has a passion for boxing. You know, he has been around boxing since he was like actually when he was about four, I think he was about that tall. He's going to go with that. Yeah, he's a big old boy. But he's been around boxing his whole life. So, I think it's different for him. He might never want to walk away from boxing, whereas I can go, "Right. Done some great things." And it's not because I don't love it. It's just because there's always going to be someone better than you. And you go, "I'd rather leave at the top and go, 'That was good, wasn't it?'" So, basically you're going to swap this stadium shows and everything you do day-to-day, the madness, the no sleep for running a paddle club on Brighton seafront. Basically, mate. Maybe not even I won't even run anything. I'm going to have a coffee shop called the Bull Barista because of the hair. Gentlemen, sorry to interrupt. Frank, if you stay put, we're joined by a special guest now. Oh. Get in there. Okay. Well, listen, it's all about this man, isn't it? One half of the main event, the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium on Saturday night, Mr. Conor Benn. How are you and how are the emotions ahead of what promises to be a massive night on Saturday? You know what? I'm actually in a in a great great way. I feel great, to be honest, mate. Excited. What feels different for you, if anything? Do Do you feel different on the Monday of the fight week compared to how you did in April? Yeah, I mean, completely different. The whole camp was fueled by rage and anger and um I feel emotionally a lot calmer. Uh certainly more stable. How much do you put the the fight, Conor, to the back of your mind at this stage of the week? Uh I don't really put it to the back of my mind. If anything, it's at the forefront of my mind. Um I'm constantly thinking about the fight. Uh not just now, but for the whole training camp. It's um it's been in my head for I live and breathe it. It's all It's all I think about. What have you made of the build-up in general, Conor, uh to this one? You talked about yourself having rage and and the emotion leading up to to the first one in April. We saw you and Chris at the face-off having a bit of banter. You were thanking him for the Rolls-Royce. What have you made of of the whole build-up in the last few weeks? Yeah, I mean, that was genuine. Um I'm hoping he misweights again so I can buy go and buy another roller, to be honest. Um but yeah, no, I mean, listen, it's it's a lot It takes a lot more energy being angry all the time. It takes a lot more energy being intense. Um yeah. Um don't get me wrong, I'm certainly intense as a character, but I feel like that was my mistake in the first fight was letting him get inside my head and and me wanting to inflict damage. Um And that that comes with maturity though, doesn't it? I was actually looking, Conor, on on BoxRec uh last week. This year, 2026 will be your 10th year as a professional and the the weigh-in on Friday is at York Hall where you had that famous now fight against Cedric Paynaud. When you think about your journey and and that Conor Benn to where you are now headlining once again in front of 60,000 fans after that night in East London, did you ever truly believe that you would be here? Uh the reality is I always said there was no ceiling to my career and for as long as I give 100% that's always good enough for me. Um, for me giving 100% anything you do in life is always enough. Um, and for me as there was no ceiling to my career to to where I was going to end up. Um, but I know I give my give it my best and I give it my all and I give myself every best chance I possibly can to be the best fighter I can possibly be. Um, which I've done. Um, and that's me headlining Tottenham Stadium where most people would say I wouldn't I wouldn't amount to anything. So, for me giving people the fight of the year, giving people fights that they will remember, you know, I'd rather lose an exciting fight than win a boring one. Um, you know, for me it's about giving people value for money, putting bums on seats and making sure people don't want to miss uh, Conor Benn fight whoever that may be against. How have you found it in this camp, Conor? Two kids now. How have you found it uh, balancing being Conor Benn the dad and and Conor Benn the fighter in in the most important training camp today? Yeah, do you know what? Having my kids there is is fuel to the fire. I I feel like I look at my kids in the morning and I just go this is for you guys. You know, no matter how I'm feeling, no matter how tired I'm feeling, no matter uh, what I may be having to overcome, it's it's all for them. Um, and you know, they really they really make you want to be a better person, be the best fighter I can be and make sure I pour out my heart in there in anything I do to give them the best life I possibly can. So, they are they are my fuel. They're they're my everything. Do you think Frank Smith's ready to to have kids following your footsteps? &gt;&gt; Personally, I don't know. I personally I think he'd be a great dad. Thanks, mate. I do. I do, Frank. I think you should catch up personally. You got like a good four kids waiting. I'm away too much. Yeah, well, you need to start making some changes, Frank. I know. I know. One of the questions I had, have you got any of Eubanks and I have Louis Vuitton jackets to wear this week? &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; I wasn't I wasn't [laughter] a no. Wasn't a no. He's probably got some Rascal &gt;&gt; ass, Frank, because he always wears it. Everyone now always thinks it's it's Eubanks' mark. So, I'm just sitting here going, "Mate, he's half ruined it for me, really." Personally, I think I wear it better and that's all that matters. What was the jacket you you had on your Instagram not long ago and you were saying you were I I asked you I said to you turning into Chris Eubank and you said what did you say? It's one of 60 or something? Big big furry It was yes, a limited edition piece. I was going to wear it this week, but I just thought I didn't want to show you for a view up cuz I Yours definitely come but yours definitely would have come from the Snide market. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; That's that's a definite. Mate, I look sensational in a little LV number. Conor, despite you you seeming calm, you seem in a great place now which is great to see. Do you find it hard to contain that when Chris Eubank Jr. is in front of you? Not anymore. Do you know what? It's not even Do I like Do I like Chris? I don't hate him. I think he's strange. Now, for like once you can come to terms with the fact he's a bit strange, then it makes everything easier. Um, he isn't one that's going to have banter, he isn't one that's going to have a conversation, he isn't one that's going to um, you know, have a bit of charisma, enthusiasm or like, you know, and that's completely fine. He he just lacks that that skill. Uh, but once you sort of come to terms with it, then you sort of just go, "Okay, yeah, this is what I'm dealing with." And I think I'm pretty used to him now. Um, and listen, as I said, everyone's not going to be your cup of tea. Some people don't like me. I I find it baffling how people love Chris, but you know, it is what it is. Do you think you're going on a bit of a world tour, sell a few tickets together &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; in a few years' time? If you No one could No one could pay me enough to sit down in his company like like no one could I was even reconsidering taking this fight just so I didn't have to sit across him from a press conference. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; In terms of uh, Conor though, what's at stake for you uh, this time round? That word that's tattooed on your arm, redemption. I'm sure your dad's been reminding you that you need to win this, son. What what are you thinking in terms of that thirst for revenge and how strong it burns within you this week? Do you know what? Listen, I'm here to give the fans one hell of a fight. I'm here to to get my win, ultimately, but my main goal is to go out there and do myself proud, which is stay disciplined and stay working on what I need to work on. Uh, for me that's what's important. It's going in there and and doing what I should be doing. Rather than going in there and and lacking discipline and letting my emotions override the work and graft I should be putting in. Uh, but ultimately, this is my last fight up at 160. Um, I hope everyone enjoys this as as my last fight up at middleweight. Um, I'm excited to get back to the Van Heerden and Algieri days of world waiting on my on the on my journey to pursue the world title. For me, this this was a fantasy fight that we we couldn't miss. This was a fight that wasn't even supposed to happen. There were there were a number of names, about five names that we picked to try and make happen. They didn't materialize and then out of the whim, I said, "Well, then give me Eubank." As a are 3 years later. So, for me I can't wait to to get this fight up at 160 done and out of the way, come out victorious and drop back down to 147. Uh, but yeah, this is my last fight up here. Given the stage, Conor, I presume you're laying off the Indian takeaway after the weigh-in, are you? Yeah, I'll be back on them very soon though. Do you want me to reel off my order again? Yeah, please. Please do. I mean, that is that is obscene, by the way. I mean, surely you're one straight one straight body shot away from a serious serious incident. But I kept winning. I kept winning though. So, it blows my mind though how I was um, eating and consuming that sort of food after a weigh-in. Blows my mind. Give us it again, Big John style. The order. Um, so, start with a chicken tikka masala, lamb rogan josh, peshwari naan, bombay aloo, sag aloo, uh, poppadom, um, obviously peshwari naan, sag paneer. I think I said the sag aloo. Um, yeah. You start with a chicken tikka masala. Well, no, that's just how that's just my order. That's just how I order it. Is that okay, Frank? He just orders that first. Is that right? I think they only let you start with I can eat it I can eat it however I want to eat it. You can. &gt;&gt; If I want to have desserts before my dinner, then let it be. Ex- exactly. Conor, what's your dad uh, said to you this week? What's my dad said to me this week? He reminded me not to be a loser in a world full of losers. Hm. Have you been Have you been in the uh, showers together again in the build-up TO THIS ONE? &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; MATE, WHEN HE STARTED SAYING &gt;&gt; OH, THAT WAS SO FUNNY. That was so funny. I was just sat there thinking, "Conor, I'm I'm actually actually quite surprised no one made a a meme out of that." Conor, last couple of you you're a busy man. What does the perfect scenario look like for you on Saturday night at Tottenham Hotspur Stadium? The perfect scenario comes out with one hell of a fight, 12 round stoppage, uh, in a not again another fight of the year and um, and my hand raised at the end of it. We actually got interrupted there, Frank, by Mr. Conor Benn. Um, he seems good though. Seems in good spirits and good to know that he's not having an Indian after the weigh-in, which is probably sensible. I mean, who knows? Maybe the Indian is good for him. Who knows? Um, that's mental, isn't it, by the way? I I It's the first I've heard of it. Especially when he says a chicken tikka masala as a starter. It's bit bit out there, really. Um, yeah, he's look, he's the best I've seen him in a long time. Just the in the way he is approaching everything. You know, because as I said earlier, he is an emotional character, which has its benefits, but obviously, as he says there like hating someone or the anger has its downfalls and takes up a lot of energy. And I think he realizes going into this one, you know, take all of that out of it, go in there and do what he needs to do. Little prediction? Uh, boxing's going to be the winner. The best No, I mean, look, [laughter] I'm already I'm I'm already not at home for Christmas anyway, so you're going to get me in even more trouble, get me chucked out for New Year's as well. Um, look, it's going to be a great fight. I've I've said it time and time again that my my opinion is irrelevant. They're going to get in the ring, they're going to give us a great night of action. Um, they both deserve a lot of credit, you know, look, you'd have to be um, you'd have to have missed everything before to to to sort of understand the view that the Eubank team have of me &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; compared to I'm close with Conor. I've known Conor since he was, you know, 17 years old, 18 years old since we promoted him. Um, but yeah, the the dynamic is is different, but may the best man win. It's going to be a great fight and I can't wait for it. Okay, well, splinters from the Matchroom CEO, Frank Smith, very much on the fence. Boxing is the winner. Those lucky enough to be at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium on Saturday night certainly the winners. Bring your umbrellas if you're allowed to bring them into the stadium. If not, pick up Do not bring your umbrellas. Do not bring your umbrellas. You won't be allowed in. &gt;&gt; why he's on the podcast and he doesn't run the events. Exactly, but for those watching on Design as well, absolutely you're the winners. Frank, thanks so much for coming down, mate. Pleasure. Thank you for having me on the show. Top man. Yeah, I mean, big for your career that, really. &gt;&gt; Really? I mean, probably the thing that will tip me over the edge. Yeah. You probably could retire now. Well, listen, when you talk about dedication to the cause, how about this? Paddy Donovan has stopped off in a restaurant somewhere on his way down to Dublin, I believe, to jump on with us here this afternoon on the Flash Knockdown podcast. Um, Paddy, I've got to say first of all, you're looking well. It's great to see you looking well, great to see you smiling. The the obvious natural question is, how are you, sir? Yeah, I'm good. Um, yeah. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Stopped off in a restaurant to get this interview done. Actually forgot completely about it, but uh, Yeah, it's good to get it done. It's good to see y'all again, and it's great to be back. Good, feeling fantastic, and I'm ready to get back into the mix of things. I remember you said to me, Paddy, we spent quite a bit of time with each other in the build-up to the rematch with Lewis Crocker. And you said after the first fight, your family was so important in bringing you back and and getting the mojo back. I just wonder how the process was for you after the rematch when you got home this time in comparison. I'm getting used to it, Jimmy. Um Yeah, look, it's great to be back with family after every big fight, training camps, etc. and things like that. I'm away a long time away from the family. It's great to be back around them. And um Yeah, we obviously had a new born when I was in camp for the last one, William. So, it's great to spend some time with him. Spent some time with Ellie and the girls, and uh Yeah, fantastic downtime. And as I said, it's time now to regroup and get back get back to where I belong. How did the pain of of this one, Paddy, compare to to the first fight? It's feeling the same thing really, Jimmy. I honestly think I won the second fight again. Um I'd rather lose the the second fight more clearly. I think I'd rather lose one of the fight more clearly. That way I could ease up and and the thoughts that's in my head, but the way I think the last two fights has gone and the way I think I should have I thought I did enough. I thought everybody thought it Anyone who knew boxing thought I should be world champion right now. So, it's difficult. I'm so close to being world champion, having 16 fights, 16 wins, looking so good, um beating the man to beat at welter at the welterweight division. Now, I'm in a position where 14 wins from 16, and um on the verge of needing wins more than anything really. So, it's a different It's a feels completely different than that the position I was in a couple of fights back. But look, I'm here. I got to I got to be strong. Got to be very um confident in in the next fight and get the job done. How surprised were you, Paddy, by the the game plan of Lewis Crocker? Not really surprised. I thought Not really surprised in a way that Lewis has changed up his boxing a lot. Obviously, he went on the back foot. He played defensive. I just grew in confidence. I thought I thought Howard faster made a mistake in round three, given the knockdown. I think uh Eventually, it cost me the fight. It did That was a big playing part in the fight. And then it was in my head again around three round four round five thinking is the ref going to be a big playing factor in this world title fight for me? So, Lewis landed a great shot, which is probably in the over the two fights, I think it was the only good round he had in the fight in in the in the two contests, which was round round five where he scored a good knockdown. And but I thought I got back up, and I thought I won all the rounds convincingly. Andy was in the corner. He was very very confident in the work I was doing. Um a few times I asked Andy, should I push forward and put it on to Lewis and go for the stoppage? And Andy just said, "Just Paddy, keep the game plan. Keep doing what you're doing. You're winning all the rounds. All the commentators, everybody ringside, everyone has you up well in the fight. Just keep doing what you're doing. You're going to be world champion." So, I just stuck to the game plan and &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; thought I did enough to win the the world title fight convincingly, but you know, look, going going to Lewis's backyard, going to Belfast, um probably should have pushed on a little bit from round maybe 10 on. And uh won the fight more convincingly. But look, again, there's a lot of ifs ifs and buts in my head about the fight, but still I've watched it over and over, Jimmy. I just think I won the fight and I should be world champion. That's what I was going to say, actually. How many times do you think you have watched the fight back since? The first fight, I've never watched the first fight. Never once. Clips here and there that Andy would send me, things to work on and things like that, but never once sat down and watched the first fight. I didn't like the way it Even though I won, I performed really well in the first fight, like compared to Like I won all the rounds against Lewis in the first fight. I didn't like the style of the way I fought. I thought the second fight was a nice and clean. Got to see the work I was doing. I was I was a lot more clearer than the first one. So, when I sat down and watched the second one, I must have watched it six or seven times, or even more. And I just every single time I thought I won the fight. I know when you when you look back to it now, Paddy, look, you're you're a winner, you're a fighter, you want to win, and you believe you should have been world champion that night. But for Irish boxing, it was a a momentous occasion. It was a a special night, an incredible atmosphere that you were a massive part of. What do you think you've learned from from the whole experience and taken from that rematch? I feel like Look, it's obviously great to be a part of a historical night in Irish boxing, to be a massive night by Irish boxing. For the rest of eternity, my name will be put up there. But still to be part of these big nights, you always want to win. You know, when you're in a world title fight, there's only one thing in your mind, is to be a world champion. Hopefully, we get the job done against Liam Paro, and we can run run the third one with Lewis back here in Ireland again. Well, there you go then. I mean, you took the words out of my mouth, straight back into another big fight, it seems. And I can only assume that you're on your way back down to Dublin to begin some sort of training camp. Yeah, it's time to get down to brass tacks. Look, we've a great challenge in Liam Paro. He's a fantastic fighter. Um it's a fighter that I'm very very confident that I'm going to win. And uh Yeah, I'm just ready for that challenge. But look, to be honest with you, it's a big fight. I want to get the job done, but the most important thing is for me to get back in the ring for the third time with Lewis Crocker. What do you know about Liam Paro as as a challenge? I've actually watched all his fights, most of his fights. He's a good fighter. He's He's He hasn't got as as much strength as me. He's busy. He's active. Um I think he's very very game. He's a game fighter. He doesn't lie down easily. Um Look, but when he gets when he gets caught with shots, he tends to show them big time in fights. So, look, he's a former champion. I can't take anything away from that, but he's up against a real challenge this time, probably the best opponent he's ever faced. Do you not mind going on the road though? Do you Is there part of that that you like? &gt;&gt; Listen, Jimmy, I've got to look at it this way. I should be realistically, I should be 16 and 0. And there's no good crying over spilt milk. That's the way I feel. I still have that same confidence that I'm still the same fighter. Nothing is broken. I'm still very very confident in my work. Realistically, going to Belfast, getting the decisions against Lewis Crocker Crocker was extremely hard. I felt like I was battling a lot of things going to his home ground. As long as I don't mind going to Australia, as long as I get a fair shake. If I get a fair shake, I can go anywhere and fight anybody. You know, if Liam Paro is to beat me fair and square in Australia, if it if it's to be in in Australia, I'll shake his hand. I wish him the best. I hope him and Lewis has a fantastic fight. But obviously, it's in the back of my back of my mind going to going to um going to his home home playing field, going to Australia, thinking my decision go against me. That's the only thing that beats me up. I don't think Liam Paro can beat me over 12 rounds, and we're going to see that when the fight happens, but I don't think he's going to beat me. But it's it's in the back of my mind. If I'm going to Australia, if I get a fair shake, I come out a victorious. That's the only That's the only thing that's playing in my head, really. You know, I have to be careful. This could be um you know, this could be a big big turning point in my career. Well, it's must-win this fight. It's a must-win. It's exactly that, Jimmy. It's a must-win. Where I feel like felt like the last two fights with Lewis was never a must-win fight. But this is a must-win fight. The way the last two fights has gone with Lewis, and he's got the decision in the two fights that I thought I won. Um this is a must-win fight. Do you think we'll see the best of Paddy Donovan because of &gt;&gt; going to see. I'm up against the ropes. Realistically, I'm up against the ropes here. I'm under big pressure to perform. It's a fight where you Paddy wins, he's back in the mix of the best fighters in the world. Paddy loses, where does Paddy go? We don't know. But look, this is a fight where if I turn up, which I believe I will, you're going to see the best of me. And it's It's It's not if I turn up, it has to. Have you spoke to Lewis Crocker, Paddy, since the fight? Do you have any sort of communication with him? Have respect &gt;&gt; No, not really. No. No, no. Look, I've seen his I've seen some of his interviews and things like that. And you know, he's I think at the end of the day, Jimmy, he's he's where I want to be. He's He has my title. I feel like he has my world title. And I don't hold no bitterness against anybody. I wish him all the best. I hope he enjoys the success of being a world champion right now. He is the world champion. But I feel like um He has his limelight. I think it's my turn now to come back and take the title back. It's I I deserve that, at least. I get the feeling, Paddy, you're not going to rest until you you get another shot at Lewis Crocker. No, I'm not easy to get rid of, Jimmy. And I might be a I might be in Lewis Crocker's dreams, I think, now coming forward if I get this winning against Lewis uh sorry, against Liam Paro. But yeah, I'm not going to lie down until I get Lewis back in the ring for the third time. Well, listen, Paddy, we wish you the best all the best in training camp. We hope to see the trilogy one day. We wish you all the best against Liam Paro. Just finally, before I do let you go though, big fight this weekend in the welterweight division, the rematch. Actually, it's not in the welterweight division, but Conor Benn the the the plan for him in in his mind is to win this fight. He wants to move back down to 147 to potentially fight Lewis Crocker himself. That must make it a little bit more interesting for you. Yeah, just he I hope he gets the win. But I like Benn. We keep in contact the last I don't know you man on a personal level, but I hope Benn wins the fight. Realistically, I want him to win. I want him to come back down. I want me and Lewis Crocker to fight first, me to win, me to beat Lewis, and me and Conor Benn have an Irish English clash. That's what I'm looking That's what I'd like. And just finally, how do you believe you'll be asked this question a lot Paddy in the build-up, but do you believe you stop Liam Paro? I think so. I think realistically I'm a bigger puncher. Um I carry a lot more power. We'll see, but I think I could stop him. It's possible. Well, listen Paddy, thank you so much for your time. I think your dinner must be getting cold there, so make sure you get that down you quickly in the cold Irish air, but best of luck in camp my friend and then we'll catch Guys, thank you so much. Thank you so much Eddie. Bye-bye. Well, of course it's a very busy week for the team at Matchroom Boxing, not just Eubank Benn and all the shenanigans, not just on Saturday night of course and all the drama we expect to unfold, but all the pre-fight build-up as well happening every night this week. Now, also this week we had a very special press conference to launch three very exciting fight nights coming your way at the back end of 2025 on DAZN and it was at the press conference on Tuesday afternoon that I caught up with boxing royalty, Mr. Steve Bunce been at both fights of the fathers throughout history. He recounts his memories from ringside on those nights and he was also of course ringside for the first fight between the sons, Chris Eubank and Conor in April. He'll be ringside again on Saturday night, so what a man to speak to about one of the greatest rivalries British boxing has ever seen. Well, listen there's always a lot of fantastic familiar faces around a fantastic huge fight week and this week I'm very happy to be joined by my old mate the great No, sorry not old, less of the old. My mate My mate My mate the great uh Steve Bunce. Steve, the first question I I want to ask you is when you head into a big fight week Yeah. like this, how special are the ones that you don't have to get yourself up for? Oh. Well, most of the big fights I don't have to get myself up for to be perfectly honest with you and I'm not just saying that. You know, I I used to get excited about half-decent fights and try and get an extra night. When we used to go on the Thursday I'd say, "Oh, no I think I'll go on a Tuesday. I think they're going to be in a gym." I'd go there. And I love these six and seven days. Okay, some days are a bit quieter than other days. But for a fight like this a rematch like this with the history like this it started last century. Think about it that way. Makes me old, so be very careful what you say cuz you're already on one tick. But for a fight like this how can you not be dragged in? You know, I I And also it's that that test again. I've told you about this before, James. It's a simple test. You're on a tube. You're in a taxi. You're walking out of a restaurant or you're walking into a restaurant or you're in a supermarket and someone comes up to you and they tap you on the shoulder. They don't say, "Hello Bunce, how are you doing?" They don't say anything. They say simple, "Who's going to win?" Yeah. And you know what they're talking about. You don't You're not You know it's not Ekow Essuman You know it's not Ekow Essuman Cat Roll. You know it's not Benavidez and Yarde in 10 in 10 days, 15 days time. You know it's the fight you're focused on because that's what they're focused on. I want you to take yourself back here Bunce to 2 years ago. [clears throat] &gt;&gt; Thank you, darling. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Very well done. Um what was your first impression of Chris Eubank? Well, I I was writing for Boxing News at the time and a couple of other national newspapers when Eubank came over when he relocated from America where he had his fights in Atlantic City and he was he was with one promoter then he was here and then he started to work a lot with Barry Hearn. And some of those early shows that he had in places like Basildon. I think it's called Basildon Festival Hall. Now, listen I love Essex, but Basildon Festival Hall is ripping the proverbial out of it if you don't mind me saying so. And I remember him boxing there and I I don't think he was top of the bill and being booed, but loving it and working out the pantomime. And I got to say and this is not me over-egging it, James. This is the absolute truth. I've told you this off air. I got to see him change from a middleweight prospect who trained really hard, who was just called Chris Eubanks. He had an S on originally obviously like the rest of his family, dropped the S. And he started to just build parts of his persona. You don't get a Harley Davidson overnight. You don't get a big Mac truck overnight. You don't get the monocle and the jodhpurs overnight. You don't get the affected voice overnight. But he was starting to work on it. I swear to you. In that Matchroom gym, the one in Romford, which was a sweatpit. It was a real sweatpit. I I watched this kid over about an 18-month period leading up to the signing for the first fight with Benn. I think they were signed in about September of 1990. For about 18 months I watched him change. He just went from being another middleweight in the gym. And he started to just get a few affectations, the the accent, just the shot of doing the shoulders. Now I can't help myself but doing it, you know? So you do the shoulders and just &gt;&gt; I was sat with Chris Eubank. I'll tell you. Close your eyes. That's what it felt like. I don't I won't I don't do I don't I only do Eastern European voices as you know. I don't impersonate British fighters. Only Eastern European ones. You want me off air, I'll do you every single great Eastern European boxer. Takes 2 and 1/2 hours, but it's worth it. So [laughter] quite seriously, &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; I I watched him in front of my eyes change. I watched him become this character until almost the fight before when he has the knockout, the day after the contract signed sometime in September. By then he's got the full thing. He's got the full works. He's got the garb. He's jumping. He's got his fists together. He's got the accent. He's choosing his words carefully. He became it. And of course once he beats Nigel in that first fight roll on the rest of the lunacy. Do you remember when you first met Nigel Benn? First met Nigel Benn. Oh, shut up. You make You What What Why can't you just ask me about modern boxers so it doesn't seem like I'm 60 years old? You want to stay with your opinion on it? I'd say when I first met Nigel Benn um it was I think 1985 or 86. I was working for the Evening Standard. This is a London paper then. It used to cover the divisional championships, Northeast London Northwest London, Southeast and Southwest. I used to cover all four of those events. You'd get this much in the paper. Literally you'd get 70 words. You'd get 48 quid for it or 63 quid for it cuz you got paid by the word. And I remember interviewing Nigel and the year before he'd been in the army. And what I remember most and I reminded him of this and I still got the little cutting is he stood to attention at ringside. He'd just beaten a Rod Douglas who the year before had beaten him. So it was a it was a real rivalry fight. And he stood to attention at ringside as I talked to him, yeah. Yeah. I want to take yourself back. Not as far as we just went. You know, you're not going to ask about Jack Johnson &gt;&gt; No, no, no. Don't worry about that. Rocky Marciano actually. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Uh Sunday the 18th of November 1990. I mean the anniversary is 35 years coming up next week. &gt;&gt; Yeah. What do you remember about that night in Birmingham? Well, I was I always say and I wrote in in in one of my books that I think it was I think it was the night that British boxing went from being black and white, smoky rings, small events for big fights, three-rope rings to color. Richard Steele was suddenly the referee. That was ridiculous. The Board of Control didn't even recognize the WBO at the time. They they sanctioned it, but they didn't recognize them. It was an event that changed the way British boxing is. It moved us into the 21st century if you like. It gave us color if you like. I mean and it really did. And from that point we've never we've never looked back. So everything we have now, all of the razzmatazz and the six-day weeks and the 70,000 70,000 70,000 relentlessly that we didn't have in the '70s, '80s and even half of the '90s we didn't really have it. Those guys gave it to us. It was a little bit slow coming, but they invented it. They And I mean invented it. And I And I always In fact I was doing some radio last night and I told a story cuz I'm good at telling stories as you know, son. And it's really true. At ringside was Bob Geldof, okay? With a pair of cowboy boots on and sunglasses. If Now, if that's not moving from the '70s and the '80s I don't know what is. That's the perfect definition of this fight meant something. Bob Geldof was there. Shades on. Sunglasses on. I think you could pull it off. Oh, no. &gt;&gt; have to scrounge for them, did you? No, I'll tell you the problem with cowboy boots. They cost a fortune cuz you can't buy snide ones. You can't buy bad ones, can you? You've got to buy proper ones. Like if you're in Texas for a fight or Mexico for a fight, you go and look at a pair. You have a translation. It's like 900 bucks. But you have them for life. You know, I don't need a pair of boots for life. I need a pair of boots to get me through the winter. You know what I'm saying? So I can look a bit swish when I do a bit of TV. [laughter] How did the the atmosphere and the impact that you think it had in British boxing compare a few years later in 1993 at Old Trafford? Well, they they were similar in the sense that the the atmosphere in 1990 That's another thing. I know I joke about Bob Geldof ringside, but the atmosphere was different, James. I'd been at big fights. I'd been at all the fights involving British fighters for really for 7 8 9 10 years since about '82 '83 professionally and before that I'd been as a fan. So I'd been in so-called really big atmospheres with really big fighters. But there was something different about 1990 at the NEC. It was a different feel. It was it was a totally different feel. It was it was it was Oh, it was aggressive. It was vicious. It was violent. It was full of noise. It was it it was it was totally different. Then once we come to the Theatre of Dreams 1993 for the rematch and 42,000 there which is always amazing when you think how how could there be 20,000 30,000 empty seats? But there there was cuz it's a different a different time. That atmosphere that night was a continuation. And we what we take it for granted now. We've walked out of the O2 in the last 50 in the last 10 12 years. We've walked out 60 70 times at the O2 or the MEN or the Co-op. Not to mention 70,000 seats. We take that for granted. I am telling you that wasn't boxing until 1990. That wasn't boxing until until Eubank and Benn launched us into this modern era. And they really they catapulted us into this modern era. Could you have ever imagined, Steve, that the boys would fight? No, never. No. And And And I'm going back even 3 and 4 years. I I I was Plus thinking about it and I was I thought Chris Eubank he'd so many hard fights already by the time he was 32, 33 and I thought he was going that way to super middleweights and Conor was a big welterweight but then there was also talk that really was it could have maybe done light welter or super lightweight, whatever you want to call it. So, until it started to roll, I guess probably I mean you might you might, you know, you might have been in the business then working with Matchroom, so you might have heard it earlier, but I I thought early 2022 this looks like this could happen and of course it was announced whatever in the July for for the for the council fight in in the October, but I didn't see it until until it was announced. No, no, I even as a even as a what we now know happens all the time, freak fights, fake fights, hybrid fights, whatever you want to call them, I still didn't see it until I heard about it for certain, which would have been early 2022. Well, of course we don't see it in October 2022, we see it in April 2025. When you got to Tottenham Hotspur stadium, I'm not sure where you were in the stadium when that picture came on the screen of Chris Eubank Sr. getting out the back of the car and Junior walks around and That's the that's the picture of the year by by a long way, one of the the the best of British boxing, right? Where does it rank in your that moment? Oh, it's a it's a top five moment period and that includes Aztec 143,000 for Chavez and Bruno finally beating McCall and Benn McClellan, whatever it it's absolutely there. I think it was 9:31. I mean you guys might tell me differently. Um and I just looked at it and I was stunned. And I don't know all the cynics were telling me beforehand he's definitely going to be there. But I had interviewed Chris Sr. who's a who's a decently close friend of mine uh 2 weeks earlier, 17 days earlier when he was walking a mile with Michael Watson and we I interviewed him outside Buckingham Palace and because he's there were some mobile chairs and the police didn't move us on it. So, we sat in front of Buckingham Palace and I did this interview with him and also with Michael and I asked Chris once I'd finished with Michael, uh will you be at the fight? And he said no, uh I I don't speak to my son, you know, we have massive disagreements and it's a disgrace. It shouldn't happen. The event's a carnival and you know, it was really strong. And I know him well enough to know that was true. And then I spoke to Chris Eubank Jr. on the Tuesday of the week of the week of the fight and he said to me, which sort of broke me up a little bit. He said all the son wants to do is please their father. So, of course I want him there, Steve. Of course I want my dad there. And I truly believe on that Tuesday night that he didn't know his father was coming on the Saturday. And my understanding is it all started to roll about the Thursday and by the Friday it was it was established and certain people had to work out the logistics. Staggering, stunning moment. But you know what's really cool? Think about it. So, now we're under pressure for time. You've watched that clip of the dad getting out the car and the two embracing and you've heard the roar. You know, I was ringside. I was two I was a row behind the DAZN com coms team. So, I'm 10 ft from the ring, so I can just watch it on the screen. &gt;&gt; turned around But you know what? Then there was another clip to the Benns in their dressing room watching. They're watching. Now I'll say this now and I'll be really careful. I don't want this to be to come out bad. I think they looked at that and I think the pair of them went bollocks. Cuz they knew that was going to &gt;&gt; Big mental victory on the night. Bingo. Now, they're never going to admit that. They both said it was great to see him there. Conor's been brilliant on that father-son relationship and how lovely it is that they're back that Chris and Chris and Chris are back together again. But when they're I've not studied their body language cuz it was behind the heads of the shot. You know the shot I mean, don't you? Pure WWE. You can't invent this stuff. So, they're standing there cuz they know he's going to come at that point. And and I swear to you, I don't know if I see their shoulders drop or if it's just me imagining it, they go bollocks. Do you think that's cuz Conor Conor is so close with his dad and he knows the impact that would have given Chris on the night? It's as simple as that. It's a father-son thing. And one day, son, when you start to shave, you may end up with a child and in 30 years time you say, I know what BUNCEY WAS TALKING ABOUT WHEN I interviewed [laughter] him that day IN STRATFORD. I'VE GOT IT. NOW I UNDERSTAND. UH call me son Steve or else. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; P.H., please. Steve's my stage name. Do you reckon, Buncey? Thank you, though. Do you reckon? That's your real stage name, Buncey. Um round 13 on Saturday night? You know what? I I think that's I think that's what we all want and expect. And they're they're talking to the two boxers earlier this week, they're both kind of talking about that. But I don't think it makes sense for either of them to give us round 13 as the first round once the first bell sounds. Now, whether the emotions, the heart, the intensity, the history overcomes sense and they actually do give us round 13 we'll find out within about three or four seconds cuz we knew within three or four seconds of the first fight before either had landed a punch, you could sense the intensity from that. We you've been ringside enough, James. You know, there's a good excitement, there's a good feeling. Then that was different, wasn't it? It was like what's going on here? It's like it's like it's like an electricity. Ah, it's different. So, we all know straight away. So, my gut feeling is no, I don't think it will be round 13. Okay. Don't ask me any other questions about 2025. &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; But one thing I will just ask you in closing, announced this week that Chris Eubank Jr. is going to become a father to twin boys. &gt;&gt; Twins. Conor's got a son, young Eli at home. Is it the end of the rivalry? Conor tells me it is yesterday on the stage of the &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; He told me Conor said, "No, Buncey, this is it, man. This is it. No matter what happens, it's all over for the family." And he said I said I've had too long of it. Chris Eubank then says almost the same thing like they're reading from the same script. Buncey, it's been too many years. I just, you know, all I've had all my life is Benn. And Eubank saying, "All I've had all my life is Benn. All I've had all my life is Eubank." No, they just what they want to get out of each other's hair. No, don't say that. It can't happen, can it? You never know. And maybe there'll be another there'll be a a Jamie sitting here and I'll be the Buncey. Yeah, you will you said the one Talking about the sons and I've got to interview in Stratford that time. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I remember when as long as I if I ever say it, let me tell you the game's gone. It's not the same. Slap me really hard. No. I I I don't think that will happen. I don't think that will happen. But you know what? Who rules it out, brother? How ridiculous is that? Pleasure, mate. Enjoy the week. Let's both enjoy it. Let's enjoy what's left of it. &gt;&gt; These are the ones you got to enjoy. Steve Bunce. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Scott, sorry to disturb you. Um obviously reading the greatest magazine in boxing there within the studio of the greatest podcast in boxing. And it's quite apt, isn't it, this week, I suppose, when you look at Modern Boxing Journal available now at W H Smith's and in terms of who's on the show this week Steve Bunce. Yep. Paddy Donovan. He's in it. Conor Benn. He's in it. Frank Smith. Look at that. &gt;&gt; All feature within Modern Boxing Journal. Issue number three as well as many others. Issue number three out now. Um matchroomboxing.com. It is, honestly, the photography in this magazine is incredible. I mean, we've obviously gone over your article with Paddy in a previous episode on Flash Knockdown. Best one, isn't it? But actually, some of the content in this magazine is incredible. It's not, you know, supposed to be a standard boxing magazine. Bam's making coffees, taking his dogs out for a walk. The stuff of Tony Weeks in particular, the referee, is incredible. It's like a a Q&amp;A and he lists off stuff about, you know, tips for aspiring referees and whatnot. I mean, this photo is epic. That is epic. The the legendary uh I'm not sure what fight we were just talking off camera. Can't remember what fight it was, but the blood is obviously uh an iconic shot of him. Very rarely does media as well. So, certainly worth £15 of your hard-earned money. Um check it out now. I think it's also you know, obviously behind the scenes like Flash Knockdown was very much we just came up with it. Uh Modern Boxing Journal, Ross Garrity, who's the the chief marketing officer of Matchroom, pretty much just came up with it, didn't he, alongside Tom Cochrane and a few others. And I think it does sort of show you that within reason uh if you if you come up with something at Matchroom, they're pretty good at just sort of letting you go. Go on then, show me. Show me what you've got. &gt;&gt; Definitely. Um I know for for sure the the prep that goes into that magazine is a lot more prep than we do, for sure, here at the Flash Knockdown. [laughter] And it shows. Uh it's great. I mean, you can see how big the, you know, the contents are just by um seeing the magazine on this coffee table that's been there since episode one. So, yeah, well worth a read. In Monte Carlo, we always have the awards, don't we? The the Christmas party awards. Do you want to just explain what the awards actually are for? Yeah, well, we're we're all there in Monaco. Eddie's there, Frank's there and we have the awards of the year. So, best newcomer for the new staff who've joined in the last 12 months. Eddie's player of the year. Player's player of the year, where all the staff vote for who's been like I don't know, the best team player uh of the season, so to speak. Does it for the gram, just posts loads of stuff on Instagram about their job. Teacher's pet, the one who likes spending loads of time around Eddie and Frank, Apple and Frank's desk, that type of thing. Could you be in for that award this year? No. No? I might be a bit of a company man, but I'm not a bum licker. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Uh I'm not teacher's pet, mate. Can't wait for Monaco, though, to be fair. It's a great trip. &gt;&gt; I mean, we probably talk about it every episode, but iconic place. Yeah, it is. Love it there. I mean, you just feel so poor, don't you? Well Yeah, luckily the work hard Bugatti, Ferrari. It's about £25,000 for a pint. And the rest. I paid I went to Monaco uh month ago, 26 euros for one beer I paid. It's always Heineken. And it was Heineken, yeah, it was. Yeah, Heineken. When have you ever ordered a Heineken here? No disrespect to Heineken, but it's not for me. There are other beers available. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Read the small print. But basically, what I'm going with that story is I think we should have an award for what's been the biggest success of Matchroom in the last 12 months, Modern Boxing Journal or Flash Knockdown. Ooh. Okay. What do you think? I think we'll probably get strategically, tactically outnumbered, unfortunately. But it's an interesting kind of compliment. We're We're pushing them. What are they doing for us? Exactly. Where's Where's our advert in that? Issue four. This is a This is a message to Ross, wherever you are. We want flash knockdown in this series. &gt;&gt; That's a joke, actually. We want to be interviewed. Let's take it off the table now. I've had enough. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; but obviously we have to just talk about this week. I mean, it's rolled around quite quickly. I think it doesn't feel like too long ago, does it? We were ringside for for the first fight in April and I think I said it in the intro to the to the opening press conference for the rematch, but it had everything, didn't it? I mean, the fight delivered all expectations. Conor and Chris talk about like not just maybe being like their fathers in the literal ways and how they are and their mannerisms, you know, their temper, their temperament. But in terms of their father's spirit as fighters, oh my lord, did they do them proud and come firmly out the shadow that night for 36 minutes. It was incredible. Wasn't it? Yeah, yeah, on on the flip side, I guess I can see why people are maybe not against this rematch, but saying could it have simmered a little bit longer. I know Chris is obviously what, 35, 36? Cuz it was so good. The first one was so good. How do you top that? But financially, obviously the rewards are going to be huge for both guys. And you know, I guess for a moment in time, this might not happen in you know, in two years. So I can see why it's happening, but I can see also see the flip argument just to sort of go against it. Well, I think the fight can deliver. I think the fight can be as good. I think the fight can be better. I think you know, there could be a stoppage on either side through the 12 rounds, I believe, on on Saturday night. But I think in terms of the cinema, the pantomime, the theater of Eubank Sr. get out of the car, yeah. No. That won't be beaten. Because it can't be How can that be beaten? That was, you know, the ring walks, Nigel and Conor walking out to Dangerous, Simply the Best. Honestly, when that came on, even though that's a bit of a Rangers tune, when Simply the Best came on and Sr. and Jr. walking out that tunnel, you could see the pride in in your face? in No, it wasn't in [laughter] my face. I I loved it, I must admit, but in in Jr.'s face walking out that tunnel with his dad. It was That was so special. That That, honestly, that moment when he came on the screen when he first arrived and the crowd went what? That was iconic. I actually feel like that is one of them things I'll look back on and be like, oh, I can't believe I was there. &gt;&gt; I was there, yeah. You know, I think when people are reeling off like best moments in British boxing history, top 10, I'd be surprised if that doesn't feature, that moment. And Adam Smith carries it as well. That's very true. The perfect narration of such an iconic moment. &gt;&gt; I've always been a big fan of his vocal ranges. He can really go through the gears for them the big moments and that was the same It's perfect. He's done it too over the years. And also that's now a meme, isn't it? You see Adam's voice across other videos that people have stitched together. So they're like, oh, when your mate goes for a tactical chunder and makes it back into the club. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; That was a bit like the wedding yesterday. Won't name any names, but yeah, the Matchroom wedding. But it was good fun. &gt;&gt; Yeah, well, I was sober at the Matchroom wedding, so sort of. Fidau right, to be fair. Wait, what time did you wrap up? I left at 8:00 p.m. &gt;&gt; I was in bed by 11:30, so the the glory days of being out till 2:00, 3:00, 4:00 are long gone, mate. I've changed. I think we all have. So boring now. Got priorities, mate. Yeah, but actually we must say that, actually. Massive congratulations to Josh Wright and now Rosie Wright as well. Bit of a tongue twister, that. Rosie Wright, yeah. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Rosie Wright. Um But yeah, it was a It was a lovely day, actually. It's nice to spend time with colleagues away from work in the nicest possible way. Obviously we're usually head down on fight weeks or in the office. So to kind of park it, just have a bit of a laugh with them, it was good fun. Well, work chat was banned, wasn't it? It was, yeah. I think in the WhatsApp group as well, if anyone mentioned work, automatically kicked out. So I only got 57 strikes. You were on final warning, yeah. But that was a lovely day, but obviously just sets up just I mean, in true Matchroom fashion, it's done for a a quiet week. But I guess these are the ones you live for, really. Yeah, well, like you said a minute ago, you know, playing back in your mind the Eubank coming out the car moment, something something else will happen which will have a significant lasting memory, I'm sure, this week because how can it not? The legacy of of both fighters, the name, yeah, it's going to be immense. I'd love Sr. to be at the press conference. I don't know if he will. I'd love him And also would that then potentially dilute the fight day? No, cuz you don't think he'll do much on fight day, will he? I don't know. I mean, he's not going to do loads of Just his presence is enough, though. Yeah, but I just would I think I'd love to hear him at the top table on Thursday. Yeah. Yeah. I wonder And Nigel. I'd just love to see that, you know. As Conor said, they might have a roll around. Yeah. Who would you fancy? &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; It's about time Nigel got one back in it, so. It's big for Conor, you know, when you when you think about that. You know, he he'll know that. He knows that. I still class it in it. How can you walk down the street now and you've lost to a a Eubank twice? So it's a lot of pressure. But look, he I'm not just saying it, he looks in a very good spot from what we've seen in the last you know, week or so and on the call earlier on as well. Eubank did the first fight, maybe had a few miles to the clock, don't know. It was It was tough. It was brutal for both of them. &gt;&gt; Both of them. Took it out of both of them. I think Eubank's taking this very seriously. Don't be fooled by the the camaraderie and bringing Bomac back in, you know, this means an awful lot to Chris Eubank Jr. He just can't wait. Bring your brolly. What are you doing on fight night? Do you know? Uh reporting. So in-ring interviews. Do you know what? At the first fight, I only did the main event. So I got to the venue at 2:00 and I didn't do any work until 10:30 pretty [laughter] much. So I was just sat there all night. Like, because like normally when you you get in, you do before the bell or you do, you know, a few of the undercard. Just loosens you up a bit once you've So you're doing all that this time around? Well, I'm doing what I did last time, but I don't know whether they want to do interviews for the undercard again. Fair. They didn't last time. It's only five fights, so they might. Maybe they I think that's why they didn't, cuz they went a lot of the fights I think they all went long. All All the fights went the distance on the undercard and the main event. Didn't they? I can't remember now. Yeah. CBS Fidau Railey against Jeff Clark, Lyndon Arthur against Fidau um Anthony Yarde. And CBS. CBS Claxton. Yeah, that would have been a good bet, actually. Yeah. And of course Eubank Ben. So just meant by the time I got in the ring, I was just like, oh, I've not even said a word yet. &gt;&gt; I think the ring walks are scheduled for about 9:30. &gt;&gt; Earlier, cuz I mean, curfew, obviously the interview didn't go out in the stadium last time, did it? &gt;&gt; Yeah. 10:00 opening bell. I think ring walks 9:30, so quite a nice time. I think, you know, you're getting past 10:00, people just knackered. Boozed up in the stadium. It's a long old day, isn't it? But like you say, curfew, stadium, outdoor, I suppose there is local objections and timings they need to hit, so. Well, I said in the build-up to the first one, I've no doubts that April 26th, 2025 will be remembered as an I was there moment. We were right. It definitely was. And I do honestly think that the only two who can take fight of the year off Chris and Conor is Chris and Conor. Yeah. UK fight of the year. I I don't think it can't be as good for me. It can't How can you top that, honestly? Unless they both go down and &gt;&gt; of course it can be better. But I just can't see it. But you never know, you never know. Speaking of I was there moments, seven years ago today, where were you? I think it was seven. Was it eight? Seven years ago. &gt;&gt; Seven years, yeah. 2018. 2018, yeah. November 2018. Manchester Arena. Usyk-Bellew. How quick has that gone? How quick has that gone? I was a runner. Were you? Yeah. &gt;&gt; For who? DAZN or Matchroom? Okay. Um I remember that night brilliantly, actually. Ross Garrity, our CMO who we were just talking about, asked me to He texted me saying, "Can you get some Like, are you around to get some Dominos?" Just before the main event. And I ignored him. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; And I had my working pass on and I went ringside. Well, not not ringside, but I went on the floor and I crouched down in front of where the the floor seats meet the stand like that and watched the fight. Mate, that was That was for me one of the best fight weeks ever. So good. That final face-off on the Friday was unreal. &gt;&gt; There's a great photo, isn't there? &gt;&gt; Mark Robinson's got a photo of it, yeah. It's He's Mark actually got it printed and both the fighters signed it for me. Uh that's probably my favorite photo. We'll bring it up on screen, actually. Probably my favorite photo that he's he's he's done, actually. &gt;&gt; The atmosphere was incredible that night. &gt;&gt; Mental. And you think Tony was boxing really well. He was, yeah. Was it round seven and then and eight it started drained, I think, and that I think he says that himself. Like, the footwork, just the the constant what's he going to do here? Just like mentally just took it out of him. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I remember he had a hat on cuz he shaved his head, do you remember? Yes, yeah. &gt;&gt; hat on in the ring and Usyk was tak- He obviously felt Tony that Usyk was taking an age to ring walk. And do you remember he went over to the ropes and he's Yeah. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Like waiting for him. That was a That was a crazy night. That was one of the nights where I was like, you know, I'd love to one day be involved in something like this. &gt;&gt; And here you are. You've got your own podcast. No idea how. But I mean, imagine if I'd have got that done, you know, none of this might have happened. So I'm sorry, Ross. I'll make it up to you, mate. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Well, limited tickets remain via ticketmaster.co.uk. If you can't be there in person, though, of course you can watch live around the world exclusively on the global home of boxing on DAZN. Thank you very much to our guests this week. Of course, The Destroyer, Conor Benn. What a night it is for him on Saturday night. To Steve Bunce, to Paddy Donovan and to Matchroom CEO Mr. Frank Smith as well. Thank you to producer Scott. One episode to go in the flash knockdown series. We'll be back next week to debrief on what promises to be another special night at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. From myself, Jamie Ward, thanks very much for watching. Enjoy the fight on Saturday. We certainly will. And we'll catch you soon. What a shot! The FIFA player [cheering] of the year! &gt;&gt; [music]