Kind: captions Language: en Well, hello and welcome back to Flash Knockdown series 6 episode number 12. Can you believe it? It is the season finale. Fight week in Riyadh, but here's what we have coming up for you all on today's show. Promoter Eddie Hearn is sure to be in good spirits following Saturday's redemption win with Conor Benn in North London. And of course, he gives his thoughts on AJ versus Jake Paul. One man who wants to fight Conor Benn next is IBF world welterweight champion Lewis Crocker, who joins us on the blower. Conor's gym mate Craig Richards is in the studio ahead of his big fight on December the 20th in Ghana. Bam Rodriguez joins us over in Riyadh ahead of his super flyweight unification this weekend. And of course, there's all the usual chat, quiz, and much more coming up. You know what to do. Don't go anywhere. Well, as you'll notice, there is a change in the hot seat today. Mr. Jamie Ward, he's own podcast for the season finale. He's late, so I've had to jump in. Apologies about that, Ed. &gt;&gt; Yes. That is absolutely disgraceful. And that just really goes to show you what I was worried about, what the team were worried about regarding Jamie Ward. I mean, a couple of decent performances. We know that he just wouldn't have been late previously. And this is a sign of the times. Obviously, we'll be have to be having words, but this was inevitable, Scott. I've got to be honest with you. I think he's on a final warning already, Ed. So, could this be activated? Well, that's fantastic. If I mean, unfortunately, he's quite good. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; If he wasn't very good, generally, you know, that would be that would be fantastic. We've issued the final warning. You know, it would just be a mere text to say cheerio. But unfortunately, he's actually quite good at his job. So, we might have to make it a a double final warning. Well, there's only one place to start. Cracking night on Saturday at Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. Where does that event rank in your list of promotional events you've put on today? Right up there. I mean, for so many reasons. I mean, obviously, personally and for Matchroom, you know, the night was was sensational. Um two victories over Queensberry. It's quite funny. I was actually thinking to myself, when we get beat by Queensberry, it's all over the internet. Like, the comment sections like, Matchroom lost. And actually, no one's talking about the fact that we had two fights against Queensberry on Saturday and won them both. It's kind of I I feel like, you know, I I and I want to shout that proudly. Cuz we had a bit of a bad run against them, but we we're coming good. And uh hopefully, that will lead into a 5-v-5 as well. But, Ishmael Davis against Sam Gilley, you know, fair play to Sam Gilley as well. It was a tremendous fight. You know, I thought Ish won by a couple of rounds, but a lot of people had it very close. And And when we heard that and the new, it was a wonderful feeling because he's been through it, you know. And And that fight, like I said in the interview after, that was absolute Excuse my French, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] or bust for Ish. It really was, you know. I mean, it would be very difficult for us to keep him on the roster, keep him on the TV shows if he would have lost on Saturday night. I'm so pleased he did the business. And And we can really kick on there. Jack Catterall, again, massive credit to Ekow Essuman. He was out of the fight, just didn't give up, started to, you know, win rounds after look like he was finished. And then it's just a devastating finish from Jack Catterall, a massive statement. And then of course, you know, the the the destroyer or the Don, as you might want to call him now, Conor Benn, who's just elevated himself as probably the biggest star in British boxing right now outside the big two heavyweights. And it was just a wonderful performance, wonderful moment. The ring walks, the crowd, the atmosphere. I think all combined with the undercard and everything, it was just just a really, really special night. A more composed, disciplined Conor Benn this time round. That was presumably the game plan going into this one. Yes, exactly what he needed. I mean, I always felt that pound for pound, Conor Benn is on another level to Chris Eubank. But, we know that with the weight, that was the whole idea of making this a very competitive fight, you know, the fact that we had to move up two divisions. I think um both guys were in tremendous shape. I mean, like, if you look at the way Eubank was at the weigh-ins, like, he's he was completely different at this weigh-in versus the the fight before. He was really struggling last time. He looked really good at the weight this time. You could see it the weigh-in. He looked healthy. Um but I always knew that if Conor Benn boxed to his ability and boxed to to the game plan, he would have no problems dealing with Eubank Jr. And that's what we saw on Saturday night. Just someone that was a level above him. Um and probably someone that had kind of grown into the weight a little bit more, obviously, in his second fight. And uh you know, I thought it was a a wonderful performance. But there's so much more to come from him, so many more levels to get to. Do you think in reflection, the first fight maybe added to the miles on the clock for Eubank? Oh, without a doubt. I mean, there there is no doubt. I mean, look, you know, you could see that was a man at the back end of his career on Saturday. Don't get me wrong. It didn't matter whether he was 50% better, 100% better. He wasn't beating Conor Benn on Saturday. He didn't win a round. So, you know, um but that first fight, I said that coming in. I I truly believe this would be his last fight on Saturday. And I also, you know, Conor Benn said in that press conference, I took your soul in that last fight. And honestly, that's what he did, you know. Those kind of fights, you don't recover from fights like that in the back stage of your career. And as tough as Eubank is, you know, he's not the same fighter after that war that Conor Benn gave him. And you know, as you say, like, you know, you may have won the battle, but you didn't win the war. And that was the case of the two fights because the the you know, the piece that was removed from Eubank in that first fight will never be returned. Did you speak to Junior after the fight? No. I've not spoken to him after any fight. I mean, you know, um I'll give him all the respect in the world. He's a fighter. He's a very tough man. But, you know, um Look, I'd like to think that we played a small part to give both guys just a wonderful opportunity. Both guys made an absolute fortune. They're going to go on and live a great, great life. But, you know, I think that's, you know, obviously, that's for Junior. That's probably the end of the road for him. We're just getting started. I mean, Conor Benn right now is red hot in the game. And you saw on Saturday, the energy that this guy brings, the way that he fights, the look, everything. He's the full package. And we got a massive future ahead. The next steps are going to be really interesting and really critical. We just got to I I said to him this morning, I spoke to him. He was showing me one of his new cars that he's just picked up this morning. And I said, you know, the great thing is, the trouble that you had and the financial position that you were in has actually geared you up for this moment because I think if he hadn't gone through that, he probably would have spent it all this week. You know, he was a little bit wild with with the money coming through. And now he's got this real humbleness about him that is a case of, you know, I know things can be taken away from me very quickly. So, I'm going to be smart with it. And And I think he's mentally really set up for this point now in his career. You know, not complacent, humble, hard-working, you know, at the peak of his powers physically, emotionally, mentally. And 2026 is going to be massive. We understand it could be a a venture back down to 147. How hard is that going to be for Conor to make? He hasn't made it since I think the Van Heerden fight in 2022. Yeah, it's going to be tough. I mean, I think, you know, the science tells us he can do it. Um and when you've got someone that's as disciplined and hard-working as Conor Benn, you you tend to listen to the science because you know, if if that's telling you you can make it, he's got the work ethic to to deliver. Um he's going to have a little break now, nice rest with his family. And then that will be the next move, you know, just bringing the weight down. Obviously, he's built quite a little bit of lean muscle there. So, you know, I'll leave that to Dan Lawrence and the team to to how that's going to happen. I mean, ultimately, we know that, I don't know, 150 150, 151, 152 is not going to be an issue to get to because he wasn't a million miles away from that in camp. But, back down to 47, it's not just a case of making it, it's performing there as well. So, he's very confident he can do it. There's some tremendous fights that are easily accessible in that weight class. And if it's physically okay, that's where you'll see Conor Benn next. Presumably, the most accessible fight would be against Lewis Crocker, our IBF world champion. Is that one that's already been spoke about in the in the days Yeah, I think I think I saw Lewis Crocker's post on Saturday. Like, you know, my name didn't get mentioned much. And I think that's really down to Conor's fascination with the WBC title. Honestly, like, you know, he's not really talking about the Haney-Norman way. He's just been talking about Barrios because his dad won the WBC title. And it's in his head from when he started his career, I want to win that belt. You know, there are rumors about Barrios fighting Ryan Garcia, but don't forget, Barrios has to fight um you know, Garcia, I think he's got mandatories coming up. Then you've got Rolly Romero's got to fight Giyasov. So, it's interesting right now. And certainly, the the most easy fight to make right now is the Lewis Crocker fight. Um so, you know, the plan to speak to to Conor and the team over the next week or so. But he does have this fixation with Barrios. And And you know, if he's available, that will always be his first choice. Um so, we'll have to speak We'll We'll speak to Luis De Cubas and everybody. Um but yeah, Crocker is a fight that I really like. I mean, we could we could make that fight, you know, for March now. You know, you get thousands traveling from from Belfast. You get the O2. But like I said, Conor's absolute priority is Barrios. So, if that's available, that will always be his first choice. But, you know, any shot at picking up a title, you know, if he fights Crocker, it's a great fight. You know, if he was to beat Crocker, you could unify against Barrios. But, you know, Lewis Crocker will have other ideas, so we need to um make sure we deliver for both guys. And breaking news, Eddie. It is official now. Anthony Joshua Jake Paul December the 19th. I mean, wow. My head's gone, to be honest. Yeah. I think so is the internet, to be honest with you. I mean, it's almost like you can't believe the audacity of of the man in Jake Paul. And you know, for us, I've had I've had media just blowing up my phone. What you What's your comment? And my comment is they made us an offer and we accepted. I I don't know what else to tell you. I mean, obviously we think the fight is very straightforward. You know, there's a lot of people that are very excited about the thought of Anthony Joshua almost evaporating Jake Paul from the actual boxing world. You have to admire the front of Jake Paul and the heart. You know, he's had criticism about the level of opposition. Now he steps up to a whole new stratosphere. But you know, for us, they made the offer. Of course, financially, it was huge. We were planning potentially a little eight-round run-out this year. And now the eight-round run-out will be against Jake Paul. For more money than we could have ever dreamed of. So, at the serious stuff for us, if you heard from Turki Alalshikh, begins in 2026. But at the same time, this was really an offer we couldn't refuse. And it's a massive event. And um as AJ said in his press conference press release, no mercy. You know, this is This ain't no exhibition. This is a real heavyweight fight. So, be careful what you wish for. But you know, we'll go here. We'll wrap our hands. We'll do a job. And then we'll move forward to a massive 2026. I mean, I don't know if I've got my Matchroom sort of hat on, but surely AJ wins this whenever he wants, really. Well, you you'd like to think so. I mean, I noticed Jake Paul was only seven to one with the bookies, which I think is actually quite a remarkable. Um I don't see a way Jake Paul could win this fight in a million years. I mean, he has, unfortunately for him, got people around him that tell him, "You can win this fight." And I guess that AJ's been out for a year and a half nearly time this fight happens. He got knocked out in his last fight. He's past his best." Yada yada. This is all stuff you can pump into the mind of Jake Paul. But the reality is, this is a dangerous decision that he's made. But listen, as I said, fair play to him. And you know, he'll find out on on December the 19th. And he'll find out the tough way. As you just mentioned there, His Excellency did tease a fight in Riyadh in February. And then the big one in September. No names were mentioned, but I'm pretty sure we're safe to say Tyson Fury is that number one target for September. Yeah. I mean, look, you know, this whole Jake Paul situation that was all done in tandem with His Excellency. I think His Excellency realized you know, as long as this was a professional fight, why not do it? I mean, why not go and take this you know, near career high payday to to deal with this guy and then move forward fight him Riyadh in February. And then yes, of course, you know, the fight that His Excellency wants to make is Tyson Fury. He's got to agree terms with both sides. We're in on that plan. Um but he's got to get Fury on board. And if so, you know, what what a what 10 months it will be for for Anthony Joshua. So, we're very excited. AJ's got the bit between his teeth. And uh Fury's the the man we want. You know, the Jake Paul stuff's nice. It's a nice little Christmas treat. But the reality is is Tyson Fury's the guy we want. And hopefully His Excellency can make that happen. And just finally, Eddie, massive fight this Saturday. Massive card, in fact, this Saturday in Riyadh as well. But our man, Bam Rodriguez, looks to add another world title to his collection. This is just a great fight first and foremost against Puma. Yeah. I mean, for me, Bam, you know, at such a young age, he's he's already pound-for-pound top five. I think this is guy is going to go on and become, you know, potentially pound-for-pound number one of the sport. And the Puma fight's a wonderful fight, you know, just unified against Cafu, Bam. And now we want that undisputed championship. So, get this one one on Saturday. And then, you know, hopefully become undisputed in in early 2026. Brilliant card, you know, Benavidez against Yard. Uh Haney against Norman's a great fight. Bam against Martinez. Um I love the fight between Sam Noakes and Abdullah Mason. It's a great chance for a UK fighter to become world champion. And so much more. So, looking forward to heading out to Riyadh shortly. And being part of another huge night for Ring Magazine and DAZN. And actually, the wider card does have options for Matchroom fighters, as you say. Joe Cordina could maybe fight the winner of Noakes and Mason. And obviously, Conor Benn and Jack Catterall as well, maybe for the WBO shot as well. Yeah, it was a massive win for Jack. And you know, he's going to be mandatory for the winner of Haney against Norman. I expect it. Conor Benn to make a trip to Riyadh as well, just because he wants to have a look in this weekend. Um and of course, as you said, Joe Cordina against Gabe Flores is going to position that fighter to the number one of the rankings. So, I expect the winner of Flores against Cordina to be the mandatory challenger for Noakes against Abdullah Mason. So, a couple of amazing fights as another lightweight great fight with Andy Cruz against Murata coming up in our schedule that we announced on Friday, which is breathtaking. And uh yeah, Riyadh will be sensational. Eddie, we'll let you crack on with your day. Thanks for your time. And we will speak very soon. Cheers, mate. Cheers. Okay, we're very happy to say joining us now on Flash Knockdown is IBF world welterweight champion, The Croc, Mr. Lewis Crocker. Look, I can't believe, Lewis, it's been a couple of months now since that magical night at at Windsor Park. Even from the the build-up to what you did in the ring that night, the post-fight interview, the celebrations. How do you look back now on what was such a special night for you? Oh, mate. Uh it's been amazing. Anytime, like even if I see a clip or something from the fight, you know, I never never miss to watch it back again. And it was just incredible, mate. So, it was just everything about it. Um like the the say like to be a part of like the biggest Irish fight of all time, you know. Uh first world world title fight at Windsor Park. First ever Irish world title fight. And and to get the victory as well from my home my home fans, you know. What a night, man. In terms of what made it extra special as well. Look, in in the build-up to that fight, you said it yourself, Lewis. Nobody's giving you a chance in the rematch. It was all about the ways that people saw Paddy Donovan winning the rematch. Let's be honest, that's what all the talk was from the pundits and boxing experts, I guess, in the build-up. Do you think that made it more special with how wrong you proved so many people? Oh, mate. Absolutely. Like I was I was odds-on to get knocked out to get stopped in that fight. Do you know what I mean? And And like they were talking talking about like they had Paddy Donovan with the title on him already. Like when I was in the in the press conference and stuff, you know. I just knew like nobody was giving me a chance here. And And like I seen like he came out and he says like like I was like surviving in that fight. Like I wasn't the one that canvassed twice. You know what I mean? There wasn't a a mark on me. Um You know, like I seen like he says like he was convincingly won that fight. Like if you look at the like the Matchroom behind-the-scenes thing, like Andy Lee says it's close fight, but maybe I got it. Do you know what I mean? So, like if his coach thinks it's a close fight and he thinks it's convincingly, you know, um like that was just it. There's a surviving bit got me. I was like surviving. I was like I wasn't the one hurting in that fight whatsoever. If it had been another 20 seconds left in that in that fifth round, he'd have been in big trouble. But you know, with you always need a dance partner for like for them big big nights. And it was good to have them. When you do think about Paddy Donovan now, look, we saw the scenes at Tottenham Hotspur Stadium over the weekend with, you know, the biggest of rivals after 24 rounds together, Chris Eubank Jr. and Conor Benn. But it does seem with you and Paddy that perhaps after your two fights, that respect hasn't necessarily been formed. Is that a fair assessment? What do you think of him now? Look, I always respect Paddy as a boxer of from the get-go. I always says he was great boxer. But there's for sure a rivalry there. I think I think that may always be there, you know. Why do you think that is, Lewis? It's Do you know what? I think a lot of emotion. Um obviously. Um And And boxing and fighting itself. Um and I just think with them two fights and you know, like after after the first fight, um how it ended, it probably like had a just a lot of like he he should have thought he won, which it was his fault that he didn't win. Um And then the second fight, do you know, he was so confident. Um Like the whole build-up and stuff. Like all was at me and stuff. And so, to to get to get beat twice there, needs to change your record, man. As well. I think he still has 14 and 0 there. Should be 14 and 2 now, mate. And in terms of a potential fight down the road, he's got a big fight coming up with with Liam Paro first of all over in Australia. What do you make of that match-up? Yeah, Paro Paro's a good fighter. Um I remember watching Paro against when he won the world title at Leigh Wood. Um So, yeah, you know, it's an interesting one. Um def definitely no easy fight. Um But yeah, I'll I'll be tuned in. I'll be watching. Um so, I'm looking forward to it. Paddy was on this show, Lewis, last week. And he said to us that he won't be resting until he gets a shot at you once more in in a trilogy down the line. If it would all make sense, you're the you're the man with the belt. You're the champion. But do you think it's something that we could potentially see at some stage? Do you know what I mean? How many times do you want me to beat the fella? Do you know what I mean? Like there's only so many times. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Like I I want bigger names right now than Paddy Donovan. Do you know what I mean? &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; And listen, you know, like if the trilogy made sense in the future, who knows? Um but like for now, I just want the biggest fights possible. Um I'm looking at more world titles and looking at bigger names than than Paddy. And But who knows? But I think for now, that that that chapter for now is done. In In terms of the the bigger names then, Lewis, that you're targeting at 147, uh the natural question is to ask you what your thoughts were on Conor Benn's performance against Chris Eubank Jr. Yeah, it's a great performance. I'm sure it was it was good for him to to get one over on on the Eubank name. Obviously, the big big rivalry and stuff and amazing so it was like like the build-up the first fight delivered with the build-up and stuff and then the second fight the build-up everything about it was great and I just think I don't know how it's it's not been brought up. Like he's mentioned the other champions and I just don't know how like it doesn't make sense like for me and him to cuz it'll be an absolute an absolute war like from from the get-go and it's it's so easy to make. So it is, but obviously have him and then like I hold the belt, do you know what I mean? So like I'm I'm looking at them them big names as much as he's looking at big names as well. So do you know if we can't get it on, I want the names he's saying. Stylistically, Lewis, how do you believe you would beat Conor Benn? How do you believe you say a war, but how do you believe that fight would unfold in your favor? I I just think a fight like that me and Benn I think it's just toe-to-toe, you know? I really do. Um I I don't think that one's going past five rounds like that's one I think it's just one for the fans, you know? Like we're we're both like we're both wearing our heart on our sleeve and we're both going out there and we're both putting it on the line and &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; two big punchers so it's sure to be like pure fireworks from the get-go. With the power you have, would you fancy winning that one inside the distance given the style match-up? Of course, you know, I'm I'm always going to have to back myself for sure. I feel I feel great at welterweight and and he hasn't been a welterweight for quite a few years now. So do you know like who knows if it is if if the power is still there for him. I believe it it would be. But yeah, it's an it's an interesting one and and it's one I think myself, my team and everyone I speak to wants. Would you go to say his backyard for that? Would you come over to London or is it a fight you'd you'd very much want back at at Windsor Park, do you think? Oh, Jimmy I'd go anywhere so I would, you know, um have gloves will travel, as they say. Um I think I think London I think I don't know if anywhere in Belfast would actually be big enough for a fight like that. I think you'd probably have to go to London, but if we do go to London, there'll be as much Belfast fans there than that there would be in in Belfast anyway because they will travel. Why do you think he he didn't mention you in that post-fight interview? Do you feel a little bit disrespected by that cuz that was the the biggest of stages as well for for a fight to potentially be forced. I mean, we might have thought we might have seen Lewis Crocker ringside as well making a bit of noise. Yeah, I know. Well, do you know what it is? It's like I don't feel disrespected or anything. It's just like I if it was me, I would definitely fire in fire in his name, do you know what I mean? I was like cuz it would look stupid if I didn't. Not cuz like to me it just seems like he just avoided my name there. Um like I'm not saying he is, but that's what it seems like to me. It was like cuz why wouldn't you say it? Like we're both a match him. Like I I said it after my fight. Like I I called him out, do you know what I mean? And but he's like talking about Barrios and stuff, but I thought like all of them's had fights lined up or like stuff like that. So just think it's the it was the easiest fight to make. How do you see the other fight in the division going this weekend as well between Brandun Lee and Devin Haney? Yeah, do you know what? Like I think Brandun Lee has a really good chance in this fight. So do I. I I don't know if Haney has has the power to keep maybe Brandun Lee off him. So do [snorts] you know what? I'm I'm going to I'm going to go for Brandun Lee. So I am. I'm going to back Brandun Lee. Okay, and I get I guess little guy and well, I mean I Jack Catterall I believe is now mandatory for the WBO after his win on the weekend against Equator Eastman, but like you say all the champions in the firing line for for Lewis Crocker. Yeah, for sure. Do you know what it's it's all about it's all about the the biggest possible fights for me now and that's exactly what I want. Like next year I want I want to be looking back at this this moment next year and being like I fought the best in the the best of the division and and I'm a match him behind me. Absolutely can. How's life been Lewis since you've been world champion? Can you still walk around Belfast or what's what's happening now? Oh, me it's it's a lot different so it is now. I was actually well, the only reason I couldn't go to the fight cuz it was like I was turning on the Christmas lights in Belfast and I was like how how did I get here? Like &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; It's crazy, man. Like lifestyle's been very different. Um you know, I get stopped a lot more and but it's been class, mate. So it has it's been unreal and like I had I had injuries going into that fight, mate, which are healed up now. So I'm back to back to training with like the way I want to and stuff. So life's pretty good, man. Bearing in mind this has always been the ultimate dream. You know, you had the fairy tale night. You won the world title in Belfast. You grew up a stone's throw away from Windsor Park. You become world champion in an an epic historic night for Irish boxing. So where's the the motivation now? What have you sort of seen Okay, they always say don't know that the bar just gets higher. Is that what you've experienced or Oh, definitely. Do you know what I mean? Like as much as a I won my world title, I have achieved my dream. Like I want to be financially stable like going forward for the rest of my life. So what that's about is like getting the biggest names and do you know like I I thought like when the world title on do you know like that that is the dream obviously, but now I want to become unified. I want to I want to do it all, do you mean? The world's my oyster and and next year is one of them I'm really looking forward to. And look, we very well may use this Lewis on social media. I'm not going to ask you to sit here and call out Conor Benn. I know that's not really your style unless you're post-fight interview having just won the world title at Windsor Park. But do you have a message for him for the fans? What why do we need to see this fight? Why does it make sense? Just tell us and tell him. Look, when was the last world title welterweight fight in the UK? And especially against two like heavy punchers and I think it's just like for for the fans for the fans I think that's the most like Barrios drew with Pacquiao. Pacquiao was 46 or something, do you know? Rolando Romero's took up. I think he's he's a fight that's another one of the champions. Brandun Lee and Haney they're they're I'm free. Do you know what I mean? That fight's easily made and and it's an it's a very entertaining fight. Um it's one it's one for the fans for the public and and it's for a world title. So what more could you want? Either either way, I'm still the champion, do you know what I mean? So I'll be defending my belt no matter what anyway. Yeah, well Lewis, listen like you say the world is your oyster. So many massive nights in the career of the Croc to be made as early of course as next year. We can't wait for it. Look, if it is Conor Benn, what a massive fight that is and like you say a fight you very much believe you can win. So big nights ahead, Lewis. Thank you, mate. Absolutely. Top man. We'll catch you soon. Yes, mate. Gentlemen. Well, of course it is a massive night on Saturday in the career of Jesse Bam Rodriguez. What a card it is coming your way live on DAZN the Ring Four card from Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Anthony Yarde against David Benavidez. Devin Haney against Brandun Lee. I mean, the list is absolutely endless. Josh Wright, our colleague at Matchroom, caught up with Bam Rodriguez ahead of that mega super flyweight unification this weekend to give his thoughts on the weekend's action. So Jesse, it's almost that time again. Another belt added to the collection. How are you feeling at this this stage of fight week? I feel good. When I got here it was a little rough just because we had to change our sleeping schedule, but a whole weekend now I feel a whole lot better, a lot more excited. It's officially fight week. That first week felt like forever, but we're here now and we're ready to go. Obviously, you're used to traveling around to to fight and whatnot. Obviously, this is perhaps a bit of a new challenge like you said you had to need that week to adjust. &gt;&gt; Yeah. How important then was it in your mind that you did make that decision to leave early and come Yeah. come out here early? It was really important just because it took almost, you know, the whole week to get adjusted to the time, but like I said we're here now. It's fight week. Um I feel 100% better than I did when I first got here. Um I'm locked in. This is the most excited I've been for a fight. So I'm just ready to go out there and perform. Just looking back to your last fight with Caffu. I think it wasn't the fight that we thought that most people thought that he would bring to you. We thought that he would come forward to you, but you had to go looking for him. With Roman Martinez, I guess he should be the one that comes forward, right? How exciting is that as as a challenge? Yeah, um I don't remember the last time I had an opponent come forward. It's probably the Rungvisai fight, which was a few fights ago. So that was probably the last time I had an opponent come forward and I had fun in that fight. So if Martinez comes out the way we expect him to, it's going to be a fun night for myself. Why do you think it is that these fighters who do tend to come at their opponents, but when they get in the ring with you it seems to change? Why do you think that is? Um I'm not sure. I guess maybe they feel my my power in the early rounds and switch mindsets. I don't know. That That's something you would have to ask them, but I adjust to anything. So I can go out there and get them out. Is that what is quite pleasing then that when people do go on the back foot and you have to hunt them down, you've shown that you're still able to go out there and get the KO? You're able to break them down and finish Yeah, yeah. I mean, like my last fight against Caffu, we expected him to come forward and the whole fight he was backing up or staying on the ropes the whole time and I was still able to break him down and get him out before the 12th round. You're already in that pound-for-pound list. Where do you think you would be by winning a second adding another world title to your collection this year? Oh, definitely if I go out there and stop Martinez, that that will bump me up to number four for sure. Is that important to you that list? Not Not obviously the belts are the most important thing, but is that something that you sort of keep an eye on? I wouldn't say it's important, but just to be on that list with the names that are on there as well, it's a it's a It's a pleasure. Um so, knowing myself I want to stay on that list for as long as I can and just come Saturday night, that's one more step to bumping up to number one. I've been speaking to a few fighters in our like in our recent five weeks that we've had about you to see to try and gauge the opinion of other other fighters what they think of you. Like I've spoke to Shakur Stevenson, Boots Ennis, Ben Whittaker back at back in the UK and all of them like you can see their faces light up when they when I mention your name. &gt;&gt; Mhm. Is that something that you you enjoy that peers that are on your level are sort of talking about you and they're so happy to see you well. Yeah, that's badass just because those fighters that you named I'm huge fans of as well. Um So, the fact that they even know who I am that that's a that's a huge blessing as well. But for them to appreciate what I do inside the ring makes it that much more better and um Yeah, I mean it's a it's a huge blessing for them to appreciate the the work that I put inside the ring. I think it's even more impressive that obviously you're in the lower weight classes it's it tends to be harder to get that sort of recognition but you're sort of breaking through that barrier, aren't you? Yeah, that's true. Um you know, a lot of fighters in my weight don't get recognition at all. Um Some fighters don't even know the lower weight class fighters. So, the fact like I said that they even know who I am it's a it's a pleasure. There's another one as well that I've seen Devin Haney obviously on this card as well when he when whenever he's been asked about you in the build-up to this he said that you're a future goat for sure. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I saw that. I saw that. How excited are you to share the same card as him and also all the other fighters that are on this card as &gt;&gt; Yeah, um this is a badass opportunity just to be on the same card as David Benavidez, Devin Haney, Abdullah Mason. All four of us on the same card that's something that fight fans dream of. That's something that you don't see very often. So, the fact that I'm a part of something so huge in the sport of boxing means a lot to me and I want to go out there and make sure I perform at my very best and impress the fans. All being well, you win on you win on Saturday that leaves only one belt left at the super in the super flyweight division. How's the body feeling? How how much longer do you think you've got at this weight class before we have to see you move up once again? Uh honestly my last weight cut was my easiest. This one's looking just the same. So, I feel like I have um one more weight cut in me to get that last belt. And is that the that's be the message and as soon as you win you just want to get that fight locked in as early as possible for next year? Yeah, of course. Whenever it presents itself I'm I'll be more than ready. And then in terms of the future I guess you might have an eye on the December 27th card. Obviously there was talks of you potentially fighting Nakatani next. Yeah, but that didn't happen. Him and Inoue are on the same card. Uh will you have your eyes on that sort just to see how the things go there? Yeah, just as a fight fan tune in and watch the fight, see how it goes. That's a huge fight that the whole world wants to see. So, I just want to tune in and watch some boxing as a fan. What are the plans for Jesse after this fight? We're kind of halfway across the the world already. I know you like to go to Japan after your fights. Is that on the horizon this time or no back home? Uh well, right now the main goal is handling business and then I'm going to head home and hopefully catch my son being born cuz he's due a day before my fight. So, I told my girlfriend to hold him in and if not then I want to go home and just hold him for the first time. How how like is that difficult then to deal with are you like cuz the time zones are so crazy, right? For from here to to where you live in back home. Is that difficult to deal with or Um it's not too difficult. When I'm awake my girlfriend's awake. Um right now she's asleep. So, I mean there's times where you know, we're not able to talk but um if anything my mom's going to update me. So, I'm not worried about what's going to happen. I know she'll be in good hands no matter what happens but hopefully he does wait for me. I feel like he will get the job done and go home and see him being born. And that'll be a nice little celebration bring home an extra belt for the family. Yeah, of course. I mean that's the main goal. Like I said we have to handle business first. Um I didn't come out here for nothing. So, I'm going to make sure I make the best of it and go home with this belt. Jesse, we wish you the very best of luck. Yes, sir. Thank you. Okay, we're very happy to say our final fighter joining us in this series of Flash Knockdown here on season six is Craig "Spider" Richards who has a massive night coming up December the 20th in Accra, Ghana, Africa Jeez. making history for Matchroom and making history for himself he hopes in the process as well. A South London derby &gt;&gt; Yes. heads to Africa, Craig. Firstly, how are you? I'm all good. I'm all good. Just working hard, training. When you got the call about this one you got to talk you know, I guess told about that it's going to be in Ghana and it was Dan Azeez. What were what some of the thoughts that went through your mind? First I was just excited to be fighting. Every time you get a fight that you're excited. And then I deep to it was in Ghana. Stadium fight headlining against Dan I was like, "Oh wow, this is serious." And then I got very excited. I was like very happy for the opportunity, realized how big of a deal it was. Same time I thought like don't get too excited because you've got a job still to do. So, just focus on the job at hand and then just reflect after the fight of how good the occasion is. How long have you known Dan Azeez? Years, years, years. Maybe like don't know like 13 years. Wow, okay. Do you remember when you first met him and where that was? Um Just normal. He was um boxing at the time. I just come into boxing. He come down my amateur club. We used to sparring. We used to spar quite a lot week in and week out. Um and then obviously moving fast forwarding he then obviously when he was fighting for the British title he needed someone tall to prepare I think for Hosea Burton and I helped him out doing some lot of rounds with him then before his British title fight. And then he refused to do rounds for me when I needed him. And then um Okay, what fight was that for? I think it was for the Buatsi Buatsi, I was going to say. Yeah. Um and then yeah, then it's just now we're here. Why did he refuse to do rounds with you, do you think? I don't know. I think cuz they're friends um but he said to me if I need rounds like he'll give me rounds back for helping him out. But yeah, he wasn't a man of his word. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Where are you at right now, Craig, in in your career, do you think? What chapter are we in? I feel like I'm on the best chapter that I could be on. It's weird because it's I've got older in boxing cuz the thing is with me I didn't really have a long amateur pedigree. I only had like three years in the amateurs and I felt like I came in to the pro game obviously straight away big big um promotion company boxing on Matchroom. You kind of just got to keep you get straight in the deep end and proving yourself and I feel like ever since I turned pro I've been learning on the job a lot, finding my ways, learning what not to do, what to do. And I feel like I've now full circled come round back at the Matchroom gym with Tony. And I feel like it's the best version of myself when I'm looking at the numbers. Um people are like, "Oh, you're getting older. You how are you feeling?" I'm actually breaking all the numbers now. I'm getting my PBs. I'm feeling better in the gym. Sparring's on point. I feel like I've come to the best version of myself which is weird. Um but maybe because of I'm actually catching up in experience of where I should be compared to the rest of my peers now. Um Think about amateur I'm pro having had 50 fights. So, I'm in that sense I'm not that experienced. I haven't got a lot of miles on the clock, not a lot of wear and tear and obviously you've seen my career I haven't really been in wars to be taken a lot of damage either. So, I feel like I've been in the right amount of fights and had good good and good fights enough to be experienced enough to now go out and progress. When you look at those those fights I mean you fought big names on massive stages, Dmitry Bivol. Yeah. Pushed him close, didn't you that night? Joshua Buatsi headlined at the O2. He fought Willy Hutchinson of course on the 5 V 5 and and not just to talk about the fights that didn't go your way but you've always been so frustrated with yourself after those fights cuz you've just said you weren't able to to necessarily just let the hands go in the way you wanted to. What what do you think, Craig, when you look back now you talk about experience has maybe just prevented you getting over that hurdle in those fights when you look back? &gt;&gt; I personally think like it's kind of different in um a lot of the fights so I've come short and not necessarily the Buatsi and the Bivol's quite similar that I could have been a bit more busy. Um [clears throat] I wish obviously when Buatsi I had him hurt I went through the gears. Well, I tried he's just solid competitor. Um the Bivol one definitely my fault. Cuz I had so much in the tank could have went through the gears, coasting it a bit, didn't come out of my comfort zone, could have stepped it up. Um but the Willy one for me was the only one was different because it was the camp. It was a terrible camp. Didn't train how I knew I should train. Maybe listening to too much advice when really I knew what I needed to do to perform my best and I didn't feel confident on that week knowing I haven't done the work and I went in there and everything with the principles I probably learned while training boxing as a pro in the Matchroom gym not to do. The not to do's I did and I paid the price for it and I could just feel I was so off that night. And I was more disappointed for myself because when you turn up and you don't turn up you're like this is just stupid like it's half embarrassing when you don't perform how you're supposed to perform. The others it was just like, "Ah, could have done better." That one I just didn't turn up at all that night and it was like, "Yeah, I will never let that happen again." And I think fortunately allowing myself to go back to the Matchroom gym and Tony heading my training camps I know that's not an issue I'd ever ever again. Like even my last fight when I fought Padraig I only had a six-week camp but I knew I put my head down, I trained hard. I'd done all the things I was supposed to do in that short period of time and I was ready to turn up and get the job done. And now I'm obviously there full-time. I'll have a lot longer than six weeks this time. I know that all the stones will be turned. You think almost it was like they say everything happens for a reason in in this game almost like a wake-up call I guess that maybe you needed that Tony Sims is is the man as well for Craig Richards. 100% but I kind of knew-ish in a way when I wasn't there even I was training and I kept saying I need to do this. This was a big hindrance in my camp. I was like I need to do these things. I need to do these things. It's like What weren't you doing if you don't mind me asking? What was the things &gt;&gt; None of my conditioning, none of my runs, none of my long rounds of sparring. I cut my sparring in half, wasn't doing any of my morning sprints. Cut my road running in half. All of that stuff I knew I'm a fighter who's fit and conditioned and I knew taking all that away from myself my sharpness was going to go, my conditioning wasn't going to go, my reaction time was going to go, everything and it was all gone and it was happening in the spars and I was saying in the sparring this isn't working for me. It will work. It will happen on the night and I was like well that's never usually happened for me and exactly what happened on the night is how I felt like I was sparring. So it was like you knew better. That's why it was more frustrating for me. So when I was back at Tony's we went through about a week or two of just indicating the things that I was doing before. I remember after 2 weeks I was going home, driving home, smiling like I'm back. Like I haven't lost a step. I just wasn't doing what I was supposed to do but as you say everything happens for a reason because a lot of people say oh you're good you're a good fighter but I never knew what made me a good fighter cuz I wasn't that experienced but when I took away all the things I did well I now understand myself better to understand oh this is the sort of things what make you a good fighter. So it was a blessing in disguise for me. How do you think you beat Dan Azeez in this fight? Just being me. Just being me. I feel like it's an all round package I've got I'm strong, I've got good boxing skills, I've got good IQ, I've got I've got good defense. Um I just believe the whole package of myself beats Dan Azeez. I just feel like turning up and I feel like I can mix in to be in a like not a one dimension. I'm not a guy who just needs to box and run. I'm not someone who can just who will just stand there and trade. I can do a bit of everything and I believe that sometimes in these fights you got to have a plan A, B and a C to become like victorious on the night. And look it's a South London Derby. And I forgot I've heard that you and Dan both have your pictures on the wall in a barber shop in Lewisham and I've also heard worldwide exclusive here that the loser of the fight on December 20th will have their picture removed from the barbers. Well I can't have &gt;&gt; know if that's not true. &gt;&gt; I can't have my picture removed. I need to keep it there. I'm glued on the wall. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Yeah now it's funny cuz literally in the barber shop is literally just us two's picture. Like not us two and another fighter it's just literally us two next to each other in the barber shop. &gt;&gt; is this? Who's the barber? I used to go to the barbers. He goes to the barbers. Um They've followed my journey from amateur so it was like oh can you bring a picture in etc. I was like yeah I brought my picture and put it up I think and then he's gone he's probably seen it and they've said can you bring one in as well then he just ironically then got his one and put it next to my one and it's just now we're full circle of fighting each other we've got both our pictures in the barber shop. &gt;&gt; We need to get this barber to the fight. Yes we do. We do. &gt;&gt; What's his name? Cleon. Cleon? Yeah. Cleon listen if you're watching this is a formal invite. We'll pick it up with Eddie Hearn can pay. We need to get him to the fight I think. Cleon has to be there. Yeah that is that is bizarre by the way isn't it? It's crazy. But it shows how close in we are in the areas so we can see how much of a local Derby it is. So um That's funny cuz people do talk about oh you both fought Black but it's like we both also fought Shikamaru. We both also fought Andre Sterling. So we've got a few mutual opponents and now it's each other. Do you think you can win a world title Craig? Is that still the dream? 150 million percent. Definitely 100% feel like I could win a world title. I just feel like even like when I when I sparred Beterbiev over in Montreal and I was just boxing in in there with him I could just feel like that's where my level was at that elite level. I just like like this is where and I watched others before sparring and I could just see the level the the gap and I just felt like me and him were just having such great competitive spars and I just knew when I turn up I turn up and I think the problem with me is being hit and miss. So sometimes I'm turning up on fight nights, sometimes I'm I'm there and it's like oh. So people are like oh is he all that cuz today he didn't turn up. The next week I'm in the bookies on the underdog then I turn up and they're like oh he is that good but it's about now being consistent like every single time just showing the best version of myself. No more hit and miss fights. Just turning up every time till I win that world title. Last couple just want to get your thoughts on elsewhere in the division big fight this weekend Anthony Yarde and David Benavidez. How do you see that one going? Very good fight. Obviously we're all rooting for Yarde to bring it home. Obviously we want our fellow Brit to bring the title back. Hard fight. Benavidez don't call him a Mexican monster for no reason. Um so it'll be a good fight. They'll clash it out and with boxing one one punch can always change things so you can never write anyone off in boxing. It's a good good fight. Um we just hope he brings it home. That'll be a big fight for you as well. Massive. You and Yarde in London? That'd be sick. We can go and headline the O2. I'm sure we can do it for the belt, you know. We always said we'd put our friendship aside for a world title and we'd fight for a world title. And then I mean Conor Benn I mean in terms of like a a spectacle I know you weren't at the fight you know you've got business to take care of in a in a few weeks time but as your long term friend you've been there through the darkest of times over the past few years. Did it did it mean more do you think to you as a friend not just because he beat Chris Eubank Jr. but because it was almost like after everything he's been through it sort of all culminated in that moment didn't it? &gt;&gt; Yeah we were talking about the other day and it's just like it's there was just like a silver lining in the cloud for him really because where everything he went through before the fight it kind of built this fight to be bigger and more attention and more attraction on the fight. Um and then obviously the first one not going his way means even more to like make sure he delivers the second time and I thought he was a lot more relaxed in this camp, more focused, more switched on. I was watching him sparring and I was thinking this is the best I've seen him boxing wise. You know he's always quite ferocious, always quite aggressive in the spars but this time he was quite sensible with his boxing ability like he was on Saturday night. Um and it paid dividends for him so I was happy for him to see him. It's watching him grow since he first came to Matchroom as as a young boy and develop into the man he is now. Um yeah it was nice to watch and I'm just happy for him really. And just finally Anthony Joshua versus Jake Paul. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; We laughing at I I feel people are saying I'm 50/50 but I don't know I'm swaying a bit more towards Jake cuz he's got the speed and I'm not [laughter] sure. Now &gt;&gt; your honest thoughts? It's just silly. I think he's just going to knock him out very quick. He can knock him out when he wants to unless Jake's put something in the contract to say look carry me for three rounds, put on a show like a little bit like well Conor and Floyd didn't put in the contract but you know Floyd carried McGregor out for a lot of the fights and took him out when he wanted to. Unless Joshua decides to carry him for entertainment purposes I feel he can take him out whenever he wants. How long would Jake Paul last with Spider Richards? 6 minutes at best. At best. But look we saw what Joshua done to Oganu. Oganu is a solid guy. One shot it was all over. So you can imagine we caught Jake Paul with that cuz Jake Paul did lose to Tommy Fury and would you picture him Tommy Fury in with Anthony Joshua? No. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; So that answers the question. Ah it's a mad old world isn't it Craig? It is. But they're all getting paid so I can understand why they're doing it. &gt;&gt; them. You can't blame them. I can't blame any of them. If anyone was offering me that sort of money I'm in. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; I'd fight AJ for I'd fight both I'd fight both of them on the night for half the money. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Uh Craig listen before we go to the the best quiz in boxing. Yeah. Um great to see you great to see you in a good place and I wish you the best of luck. Can't wait I'll be over there buzzing to go over to see Oganu. It's going to be a special experience and It's going to be good. We we hope it's a very happy one for you to remember as well. &gt;&gt; 100%. Top man. Thank you. Well here we go then the final installment of this series of the greatest quiz in boxing face to face to face to face. Firstly for our hardcore watches and listeners apologies I forgot to do the quiz with Steve Bunce last week and our producer Scott gave me a very stern telling off but we do round off here with our 11th guest of the series on the quiz. Craig Spider Richards. Now Craig listen if you haven't seen the quiz going to hand over to producer Scott who's just going to go over some of the ground rules for you. Well Craig first of all good luck. This is a tough one to finish the series. Okay. Essentially we're going to bring up a face on screen about now. James going to pass you his iPad. There is a face it's split into four. I need you to give me the four names of who make this face up. There's two points at stake for each section of the face. If you don't know the answer to one you can ask for a clue. I'll give you a clue. It might be good it might be bad and then the two points become one point. Okay got you. &gt;&gt; So eight points is the highest you can get. Still top of the pops is on offer. If you become if you get six points actually you'll be in line for a full way charity payout. Two of your gym mates on there actually and Giorgio Vasili. So if you're ready to go we will get start started. I'm ready to go. Where are we starting off? Any any any bits sort of stand out? &gt;&gt; the bottom. Well there's a few gym mates on there. You want to go to the bottom then? Yeah. Straight off the bat you're going to go for an answer or do you want a clue? I'm going to go for an straight for an answer. Wow. It looks like Jeanette Burton. Two points. What a start. What a start. Come on Spider. Okay. Three to go. I'm going to go to the top. That looks like Kalil Coe. Wow. Four points. Where did you pull that one from? &gt;&gt; Hang on a minute. &gt;&gt; Same weight division, I suppose. You've been eyeing them up thinking &gt;&gt; four it looks like. Unless he's he's doing an imaginary face-off. You know what I mean? &gt;&gt; trims. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Craig could be in line for top spot here. If Craig can get one answer off the bat for two points and then make a tactical decision. Okay. Uh can I get a clue on the third? Second one down. Second one. Yeah. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; The clues are tough, I'm afraid. I made my debut on a Kaffe Duva promoted show in 2018 before signing for Matchroom. &gt;&gt; What clue? I'm never going to know that. &gt;&gt; You obviously know that now. Let's go to the third. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Let's go to the third. You want a clue on that one as well? Okay, the third one. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; My first name is actually Jose and not what I'm billed as. Interesting. So that's not particularly a good clue either. &gt;&gt; Not a cosmic clue from Chris Tarrant over there. None of these are Pacheco, are they? That's Pacheco, isn't it? The third one. You sure? Final answer. I thought that the second one's Pacheco. The second one. Yeah. Final answer. It's not No, the third one is, though. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; No, IT'S THE THIRD ONE. THE THIRD ONE'S PACHECO. CUZ HIS NAME is billed as Jose. Sorry, that's the one you're talking about. Third one. It's not. No. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; We'll let you have another stab at the second one. It's not &gt;&gt; Can I just say something? All right, when I first looked at it, I thought it was Pacheco as well. The third one is actually IBF world super featherweight champion Sugar Eduardo Nunez. I don't want to be worse now cuz I was never going to get that. So Craig, if you get Oh, I know you can't go top now, I'm afraid. No. &gt;&gt; You can become second though if you get this right. You've had the clue. Oh, I know who number two is. Go on. It's just the guy who's Crawford. Um He's got it. It's my dream match. Great answer, Craig. point. Respect. Craig Richards, you scored five. So you overtake George Liddard in the gym and joint second for the series. Not bad. Not bad. Where does that rank for you in career highlight? Not great. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Not great. Look at that. I'm Robin Hood but I'm not two or four. Last question I've got for you, Craig. Why are you called Spider? Cuz I kept hitting people from different angles. They didn't believe I had two arms. So they said he's like a spider. And it stuck. And they just started calling me the spider. I hated it at first. I refused to be called the spider but it stuck with me. Pete refused to change my name and we're here now. Do you like spiders? Do you know what? Since I'm called the spider, I've had to get used to them. Um I cleared my arachnophobia. Yeah. Now I can just take them out the house. I don't kill them. Put them [laughter] in a glass. Not like I ever killed them. So now you are one of the spiders. Not like I ever killed them. I just used to leave them but now I remove [laughter] them nicely. All right. I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hate spiders, I'm not going to lie. I was terrified. I was terrified. I used to have stakeouts with them but now I'm good. Yeah. Yeah. Every time they tell me I've got to interview you, I'M LIKE &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; THAT'S HILARIOUS. SHE'S COMING DOWN, MATE. THANK YOU. &gt;&gt; THANKS FOR COMING IN, MATE. What time did you call this, Joe? &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; You want to watch this? I know I'm I can already assume you've been telling Eddie that I was late and that I've gone all big time. That was definitely not the case for the viewers at home. I have in fact not gone big time but uh was meant to start at 3:00. Mate, the call sheet says 2:00 p.m. &gt;&gt; Yeah, but I'm not being late. &gt;&gt; episodes. &gt;&gt; I was going to be half an hour before our first guest. And is is that true? I was here half an hour before when our first guest was scheduled in. Yeah, but that's why you &gt;&gt; And Eddie said now or never and I was still in the cab. That's why you get here on time as the call sheet says because you never know what might change. &gt;&gt; Was he slagging me off? Yes, you'll have to watch your back. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; What did he say? You'll have to watch your back. Uh what a night. What a weekend, I mean. What week. I'm knackered. Are you? Yeah, I mean to be fair, the events starting late don't help, do they? Yeah. If it's during the day, you could probably get a bit more of your own time and whatnot of of an evening. I mean, a lot of the events I won't get home till 9:00, 10:00 at night. And then you're basically up and then cracking on. So it is quite draining but as you say amazing week, amazing. It was incredible. Um I mean, they it goes so quickly. At the time, I felt like blimey, it feels like this is going on forever. It's a long build-up. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Isn't it? It's um Do you not think they could do maybe the grand arrivals merged in with a workout? Definitely. Almost a grand arrival, walk the thing, jump in the ring. That's it. Two in one. Yeah, yeah, it's it is a long Yeah, you're right. No, 100% I think they could combine the two. But I think also you you do get a lot more clips, I guess. You get a lot more social media coverage. A lot more views just to kickstart the week and they want the longest build-up possible, don't they really? But it was a an interesting week. You know, the press the press conference was I remember standing by the side of the stage and I've got these like noise-canceling ear ear buds here, whatever you call them. And um when I went up to do the undercard they weren't working. So do you know the presser got delayed by 15 minutes cuz there was a lot of technical issues. &gt;&gt; Yes, yeah. &gt;&gt; I'm assuming that was to do with sound. So when I went up there, I couldn't hear myself. &gt;&gt; Wow. So I was like everyone was looking at me and I was like oh no. It So I felt I was just going like this. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; That was horrible. Horrible. And then thankfully it was fixed for the main event. But when Buffer was doing the uh intros, I could hear my heart go by the stage. Terrifying. I mean, let's just talk about that press conference. The face-off. The double face-off. &gt;&gt; Epic. Possibly best face-off ever, like ever. Possibly. I mean, yeah. I guess the only thing I might have changed is put the dads behind the sons. But it weren't scripted. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh it was legit. No, it was brilliant. I mean, and Nigel and Chris Eubank Sr. actually seemed like they'd fallen out again. Have you seen the We've got some good photos. I don't know if we'll release them but there's some photos you can clearly see a bit of a back and forth in the ring and I think Nigel mentioned it the post-fight presser and he's since said I'll never speak to him again. &gt;&gt; He wasn't happy Nigel with that. I think it all went off a bit at the presser, didn't it? With with Eubank Sr. and I mean, I remember I was just about to leave the house and I got a text from Matty Lawless at Matchroom. So this would have been about 4:00. So I'd done all my prep. I'd been doing it all day just like sort of figuring out what was going &gt;&gt; for that for that media event or &gt;&gt; going to be on time for that. Yeah. No, I was going to be on time for that. And and I was just about to leave the house and I got a text saying Eubank Sr. is attending. And my head completely fell off. Because everything I'd my opening speech or everything I'd said I just completely canceled it all and rewrote all my questions, think about what I wanted to ask Eubank Sr. It turned out I didn't get to ask him much at all because obviously the second question I asked him, he uh he told me he was um he was done talking. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; That was fun. That's done some good numbers online. &gt;&gt; have half expected that. Uh I wasn't sure. I was not sure. I didn't know what to expect, mate. I had no idea, to be honest. Like when when you're standing up there it is mental. Like it's mental, mate. When when you're looking to your right, I've got Eubank Jr. sitting next to me there and me, Sr. You look to your left, you've got Conor and Nigel. It's In terms of like an intimidating lineup, it's up there. It's up there. I don't think Chris would want to go out on that to be honest. And ultimately it's up to him. Doesn't matter what anyone else thinks. He's the one who knows. Mhm. Um so if he feel I think he if he feels he's still got something in there, then I think he'll fight on. I think it's as simple as that really. I don't think everyone can have their opinions but ultimately it will come down to him. But like we say in the same breath you can't take anything away from Conor Benn in terms of the game plan, discipline. The discipline that that he showed throughout the whole build-up completely shone through in his performance as well, I thought. Yeah, discipline was a key word going in, wasn't it? And composure and everything he maybe lacked in the first fight. As you say, executed to a T this time around. Spoke to Tony Sims in the dressing room afterwards and he kind of alluded to the fact that they kind of maybe had to make it a bit of a boring fight to do the fundamentals and and just get the win at all costs. And now, you know, talking about going down to to 147 straight away, presumably he's going to be on a cusp of a world title shot. I quite like that mentality in that way Conor was saying I want to fulfill my legacy and win a world title. He's had the the two fantasy fights as he as he called them. Now it's about trying to win a world title. So I kind of like that that mentality shift. Yeah. Yeah, definitely. Look, we had Lewis Crocker on the program earlier. He was a bit disappointed that Conor hasn't mentioned his name. You know, he's the IBF world champion. Maybe he's done it maybe he's done it strategically. Maybe. Maybe. Yeah, maybe look strategically. I don't know but that's a big fight, you know. World title but at the end of the day I think I'd rather see it in Belfast than London. I can see, you know, the the argument for It just depends where the money is, I suppose, and how &gt;&gt; and whatnot. The crowd at In I suppose to be fair, the crowd at the O2 would be pretty loud as well. The O2 Conor Benn versus or Lewis Crocker versus Conor Benn at the O2 for the world title is massive. I love that. Is that set up the O2? Definitely, yeah. I think so. I think Conor's profile off the back of this will go through the roof. Yeah. It was nice just to see Conor with a massive smile on his face in the dressing room after the fight. He's been through a lot. He has. He has. He really has. &gt;&gt; about the obvious and whatnot but there's obviously a deeper underlying you know, emotional and and whatnot and he his mental health struggled in in those dark times. So yeah, to see him come through that is obviously fought his case to to get the win and I guess to be able to park this saga in a way. Ever since he's growing up, he's had the the Eubank name attached to him. He's he's got one over um free dad as well, I guess. And that's always going to be there now. So, probably a bit relief as well, to be honest, that it's it's done. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think the year's been massive for him in so many ways. I think in April he regained a lot of respect and love, I think, and admiration from fight fans, not just because of the fight he put up, but how he was after the fight as well, and how gracious he was in defeat, and then I think when you add that into what he did in the rematch and winning, and how respectful he still was to Chris Eubank Jr. after the fight. That was a beautiful scene, wasn't it, when Eubank came over and they hugged and you know, I I think I don't know if I'm soft. I love that. You know, like you I love seeing that after the fight, when all like you I think you must have tweeted it. &gt;&gt; I did. When all is said and done, respect. And then to see two people who've been at each other for since what, 2022? Even beyond that. &gt;&gt; To have, you know, yeah, of course, but to have two two epic fights on the biggest of stage, to change their lives forever financially, and you know, to have that moment together in the ring at the end. I think that's why we love boxing, really. I think it's quite nice it is one a piece. Like just just let it be like that. You know, Chris, you had your moment in April, Conor's won this one. Done dusted, move on. &gt;&gt; Yeah, no need. Exactly. Totally &gt;&gt; No need for a trilogy. Not always There isn't always need for it, you know. You know, if it'd been a different story and it'd been six knockdowns a piece and it was a really controversial decision and Conor had just got it, then you might be going But I think when you when you win in that fashion &gt;&gt; And so dominant. Even take away the knockdowns, he was so dominant. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think Carl Frampton I think had maybe only one round or something to Eubank. Which one of the judges had as well. So, One of the score cards was mad, by the way. Yeah, one of the score cards was &gt;&gt; one ten. Uh, one of the judges gave Eubank three rounds on the spin, I think six, seven, and eight, maybe. And seven, he took an absolute monster right hand to to kind of That was kind of a bit of a turning point for me. I I'd kind of way up to that point, but he landed big on the bell of the seventh. I think down the stretch he started to fall apart a bit. &gt;&gt; So brave, isn't he, though, Eubank? &gt;&gt; He is, yeah. And one thing I really admire is in I think that 12th round when he got knocked down for the second time, he was up before he even hit the the canvas, isn't he? I mean, he is He could have probably maybe been a bit more composed. Yeah, he's so brave. &gt;&gt; You could see him mouth to the ref with 10 seconds to go, how long left. He was desperate to get through. Definitely want to see Conor Benn fight for a world championship at 147. And I guess depending what Terence Crawford decides to do next, and Eubank Jr. moves back up to 168, one last roll of the dice for him. Why not? Jamie, would you believe we've had a quite a few questions in this week. I've had to filter a couple down. I'm going to read a couple this time, because it is the season finale. So, &gt;&gt; Phone's off the hook. &gt;&gt; Let's have a look. First one is from uh Henry Saunders. Would Matchroom do Ishmael Davis against Bilal Fawaz next? That's interesting. Oh, they should. &gt;&gt; That's a great shout. Do you know what, Bilal, I've seen him doing loads of interviews, but like I don't I I don't know if I'm supposed to say this. I thought we were going to sign him. I thought we should sign him. &gt;&gt; look, again, I'm speaking out line maybe, but I'm sure we have options on him. Whenever you have a fighter who's not necessarily signed with a promotion and beats your guy, you tend to tie them into at least a fight. So, I suspect we've got that. Um And looking at 154, there's probably no bigger domestic fight at this stage. &gt;&gt; Well, I just think like we've got I just think it makes sense. &gt;&gt; Yeah. It makes sense to do that fight in Sheffield, or on a you know, if Dave Allen comes back next year, it makes sense to do that fight on one of his cards. Also, like Bilal's just I mean, Ish is amazing. Just a quick one on him. What an amazing moment that was for him on Saturday night. Close fight, good fight with Sam Gillie, and credit to him as well, but yeah, to be happy for for Ishmael. I mean, he's done and had things the hard way in life. He's had to overcome a lot of challenges, but to see him have that moment was amazing, wasn't it? On the big stage, you can never take that away from him. You see what it meant at the final bell, and the new broke down almost. Um That That British title belt is is still the one for me. Best looking belt in boxing, so credit to Ish. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I do want to see that fight. I love Bilal Fawaz as well. Great energy. That'd be a fun build-up. &gt;&gt; He's good fun, though. Yeah, he's good fun. And last shout is from George Blake. Hello, Scott and Jamie. A career-best performance from Conor Benn on Saturday night. Given the size {slash} muscle mass he's put on to make 160, how long does it take Conor to get back down to 147? Does he have an interim fight at 154 to ease back in, or go straight back down to 147? Good question, huh? There is a second part. Lastly, as a child of &gt;&gt; that bit first. &gt;&gt; Yes, we can do. Phone's off the hook, forget the first. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Um that's definitely a question for a nutritionist. Uh and he's got a great team around him, Dan Lawrence. &gt;&gt; Dan Lawrence, are you there? And all the guys who look after Conor Benn. I actually spoke to to him quite a bit in the build-up, and you know, he came in I think 156, was it, for the fight they the Friday weigh-in, rather, in April. And this time he was 159, and I asked him and Tony Sims about that, and he said it's purely muscle that he's put on. So, I don't really know the scientific methods of losing muscle and losing fat, and I know muscle weighs more than fat. So, but look, getting down to 147, I don't think it's going to be a walk in the park on a beautiful Sunday. for Conor Benn. I'm definitely not in a position to answer. I don't know. [laughter] It's just been a while. Look, the last time we spoke about it in the build-up. Uh April 2022. Van Heerden. &gt;&gt; Chris Van Heerden in Manchester was the last time he made 147. That's a long time ago. I don't I think he I think he can make 147, but I would be I I think yeah, an interim I don't think he'll do that, no. He He won't have any interim fights. I think he He'll go straight back down to 147. &gt;&gt; mate. He's going to have a good six, seven months lead into it, so Well, let's be honest, he's not he's not cutting anything, is he, to make this weight? Sure. So, I think he'll I Maybe I'm completely wrong. Maybe he wouldn't be saying it if it wasn't going to be easy. &gt;&gt; That's true. Yeah. He knows He knows. He's the person we need to ask, and he has never once said that it'll be a struggle for him to make 147. So, I think he'll go straight back down to 147. And the second part to George's question. Lastly, as a childhood Gooner, did Scott get a selfie with his hero, Thierry Henry? No. Well, I must admit, uh all my mates are Spurs fans, so I enjoy sticking it to them when I can. Uh and I interviewed Thierry live on the broadcast, which was fun. Lovely man, by the way. Very polite. Uh loves his boxing, as well. And I said off camera, "So, I have fun memories here." And he's like, "Oh, not here. It's a new stadium." But uh I enjoyed reminding him of uh the league-winning day that he had in North London that time, yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Good job, mate. So, you didn't get a selfie with him, though? No. I didn't get any selfies, actually. I I went in. Did you get one? I suppose you got the the screen grab of the &gt;&gt; Well, I'll show you. You went in where? There's only one person I really wanted to get a picture with, and that was Peter Crouch, and at 2:00 p.m. he sent an email &gt;&gt; I can't say I didn't see Crouch. &gt;&gt; unfortunately couldn't make it due to a family commitment, I believe. So, I was a little bit gutted about that, but did shake Jason Statham's hand. So, that was good. Um but I think my funniest celeb story of the night was uh Darren Fletcher, who we've mentioned on this podcast before, who heads up the logistics at Matchroom, spun around a corner backstage, one of the many corridors, bumped into Sir Rod. And he went, "Oh, Rodders, how you doing, mate?" Rodders. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; He literally turns around, apparently, as Darren says, and went, "Merry Christmas, son." &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Well, I was gutted I didn't meet Rod. Yeah, good little link-up you two, yeah. &gt;&gt; man. I was going to say on camera, I was actually going to say it's not quite Celtic Park, but it's not bad. That was going to be my my line to him. I was a bit devo. Yeah, but we're we're probably the only two members of the Essex Celtic Supporters Club, I think. Me and Rod. But yeah, just in case uh you hadn't seen it. Oh. That's getting That's getting edited out. That's disgusting. Thierry Henry, what a man. And then just finally, Scott, we do have to just mention it really quickly. Anthony Joshua versus Jake Paul. Can I Can I give my immediate thoughts? Everyone's going to slag this off, cuz people slag everything off in the world. Everyone's going to watch it. Everyone. In the same breath. &gt;&gt; Yep. And Jake Paul has a tremendous set of plums on him. I think this is over whenever AJ wants it to be over. I agree with you. &gt;&gt; disagreeing with that at all. Regardless. I just I think AJ's just going to outsparkle him. It's going to be a one-or-two-round job. I'm not having it any other way. Well, I don't I think you'd be a wally not to. Well, you know, the odds are interesting. We spoke to Eddie about this. Jake Paul, seven to one. I was expecting maybe 18, 20, 22 to one. So, unless someone's had a sizable bet with him, it's crazy. &gt;&gt; I just think it's I can't see it going past two rounds. And then it's carrying on with AJ's rise to fighting even for a world title. &gt;&gt; Well, I think he'd be over the moon, AJ. I mean, if he's going to have an eight-round tick-over anyway, against probably a an opponent who is maybe on the slide, or someone we've never heard of, why not take this fight probably for arguably one of his biggest career paydays? But I think that the biggest the biggest thing now I All my No, all my group chats today, everyone's going, "This is a disgrace. Oh, I said it's a joke. It's a disgrace to boxing, blah blah blah." And I just replied, "You'll all watch it." Full stop. &gt;&gt; That's That's the bottom line. Job done. Series done. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; I'm done. I'm sad. Oh, we have to say that. It's been fun. We can Yeah, it's been great. I've loved it. I can't believe we've done 12 episodes, to be honest. Well, it's been three months. It's gone quick. I mean, some of the names we've had on, but gives us time to have a bit more of a lie-in on the Monday. Yeah, I know. I'll miss it. Strategize for the next series. Yeah. Well, I don't know. We need to improve it. How are we going to improve it? Well, hopefully we get get commissioned for another series. Yeah. We'll have to wait and see. We might get struck off. I've already heard. Okay, cool. Big things coming for Flash Knockdown. Well, listen, thank you for all your support and views, I guess, over the last three months or so. It's been a brilliant experience for myself and Scott. Thoroughly enjoyed it. We hope you have as well. We hope you enjoy all the boxing on Saturday night, of course, live on DAZN from Riyadh, the Ring of Fire card. Do not miss it. So many incredible fights representing boxing at the highest of levels on the big stage in Saudi Arabia on Saturday night. Thanks very much to our guest this week, of course, firstly, Louis Crocker. Massive nights in the pipeline for the Croc. Be that in Belfast, potentially over here in London against Conor Benn as well. Thank you to promoter Eddie Hearn. Thank you to Bam Rodriguez. We wish him the best of luck on Saturday night. And thanks to Craig Spider Richards. Can't wait for the big one at Croc Garner on December 20th. Thank you to producer Scott for all his work behind the scenes. And as I say, thank you for you guys for all your support. It's been a lot of fun. Series 6 done. Series 7, we'll see you soon.