Kind: captions Language: en Okay, lads, you both know the rules, so keep it clean. When I say break, you stop boxing, take a step back immediately. Trickselves at all times. We got eight rounds, touch gloves. Well, fifth outing for Hanza Udin on tonight's open before the bell against, as Diamante said there, 2016 Olympian Leonardo Blanc. for the first round. We were just saying during those introductions, eight time national champion, seventime international gold medalist as an amateur. Dave, developing nicely as a pro. Yeah, I think he's a very good fighter. I think Blanc while an Olympian was brought at minimum weight 18 months ago. He weighed an 11 pound lighter than this only 18 months ago. So Udin, you know, it's only two divisions, but two divisions down at these uh kind of weights is is is monumental, I would say. So interesting. I expect Udin to be too big and and too sharp at this stage. But um but a good match really quite early on, I would say. Yeah, agreed. Got the pedigree there, Blancc, but he does look bigger. Uin second eight rounder for the youngster. looking composed, relaxed, looking for the single shot there with the right hand for just over a year. Blanc years of the year out and he's a natural seven man. Yeah, which is which his mother really. He lost fellow Argentinian Joel Contraas for the Argentinian title. He's done the rounds as well. So, good test nonetheless. Yeah, I think I think he'll get eight rounds. I think this fellow will will start to come into it as as we go on. But really, he's actually he puts in well, you know, he's had a lot of amateur experience, eight time national champion, you know. So, while he's only had four pro fights, he's the kind of kid you can move on quite fast. Yeah, nice and composed start and we've seen that in the past. Lightning speed with the hands, feet just getting caught as he pulled out of range there from Blanc. Yeah, he caught with a straight left hand there. Blanc jing into the body. I think when when Blanc jabs to uh upstairs on Aden, Adine's um counting with the left hook. So Blanc with that experience has started to drop the jab to the belly a little bit more now. Oh, that was nice. Just slipped on the outside of the lead hand there. Ud in look for the right to the body again. That speed so impressive Dave. Yeah Blanc can't afford when he's a smaller slow man you can't afford to be leading with your backhand. You're asking for trouble [Applause] nicknamed Muscalito. What does that mean? Musler. Muscles. Yeah. Nice high guard from Blanc just tucking up as well avoiding that shot to the body. I think this is what Udin's got to do. It's not really the most exciting I've ever seen, but he's he's doing what he needs to do really. I wouldn't want to give this Argentinian a foothold in the fight because it could get interesting. Yeah, we've mentioned the pedigree that he has the tempo. He keeps leading that with that backand the Argentinian. He's going to get earth I think. Good one too there to finish the round from Blanc. [Applause] [Music] Yeah, good round. A couple of reminders in that opener from Blanc that he's got to stay switched on. Yeah, he's getting caught with the backhand, but the thing with the Argentinian fell, if he keeps throwing the backand on its own without the jab in front of it, he's going to he's going to hit it with the uppercut. You know, Dean's missed it a few times now. But so the Argentinian fell is going to keep probing away to the body with the jab. So I do think if the Argentinian keeps running the backhand up and leading with the back hand, he's going to get caught with double cut and actually much more. I think I think I expect Dudine to catch up and stop him at this early stage. Although it's interesting after three or four. It' be interesting what happens. Yeah, we've seen corners good array of shots. Udin and the uppercut's one of them and he does need to be careful. is out. Round two. Into the second round we go. Udin straight to the center of the ring meets Blancc. I think one of the the tough task Dave in this fight for Rudine is to try and get Blanc to lead. Let get get him to let his hands go. Get him to throw that left handed there so he can look for the uppercut. He's reluctant at times. you know, he's using his experience just to sort of, you know, pick his moment. Yeah, the Argentinian fell is good. He started he started this round jamming to the body. Um I wish he started doing that with the backand cuz he's going to get himself knocked out. Um but um if you see he's very clever. See, he's very clever. And when you watch the Olympics, you as you as a Commonwealth Games go medalist, you know yourself, the kind of experience you have as a top level amateur takes you a long way. Even though even though he's only had 10 profile, but you can tell he's been doing this forever. I'll give you that 20 quid in a minute for dropping that in there, Dave. Thanks. But there's that shot there. More to the body, though. But starting to look with the back hand. Yeah, really, really good work that back hand as you said. He's not fast enough to do that. Not fast enough. And falling over that front foot. And there are a couple of good accurate shots to the body. Will he start firing through the middle? It's a lovely job. Lovely shot. And back comes that lead left hand from Blanc. You can see he's always thinking switched on Udin waiting for a mistake from his opponent. But you have to say Blanc looks unfased. Looks comfortable, composed in there. And again, there's two of those left. Yeah, he's got making him pay for them. Yeah, look quick feet. glide out of range half a step then look for that uppercut. Yeah, I think he's very good but but I do think um the junior fellow he's there for that uppercut really announced himself on the pro stage. Udin incredible debut stopping Santiago save over beautiful welltimed left hand in the third. Nice little faint there trying to pry out the shots from Blanc. He's better when he faints in the jabs, isn't he? Yeah. A lot better. Yeah. Trying to unlock his opponent, but he's smart. Lovely. That was a beautiful jab. Yeah. Lovely lead hand from Mudin. Oh, a little low with that left hand there from Mudin. Shaking the head from the referee. [Applause] left to the body, but there was a left hand upstairs just exchanging shots. Start to heat up in this second round between Udin and Blanc. Looking for the lead uppercut there from Udin. Just missing with two shots. But as I say, the the contest starting to liven up a little bit. [Music] Yeah, he's throwing in the back of there. He's landing at the Argentinian, but um he's there to be with I really I really believe he is. He has such an advantage in speed. Not just size, but speed as well. It's hard to beat a man who's bigger and faster than you. Yeah, you just see it in the corner there just calling for that shot. The left up hook up there. I like I like a Dean more with his hands high. Yeah, I prefer him much. I think his punches are much much more quality in them. Corners 10 seconds. Listen, we just see dad there saying second round three. Third round we go. Can he put a dent in this well schooled Argentinian Muscalito? You hear the corner shout and faint. So they're telling them all the right things. It's like he's heard you though. He's got his hands higher. Like his hands. Yeah, you have to you have to faint and you have to be you have to be patient. You have to have a good jab to wait these kind of fighters. And I watch Argentinian once. It was awful. I didn't jab. I didn't faint. I got punched in for three rounds. Fraamonte. Yeah, it was awful. I like him. I like him like this. I like him. I like I like what I like what he does. That jab got to faint. He got to faint after the jab. Not cuts up there. Faint jab. Take your time and he can pull. He can pull on that right uppercut. What about changing gears tempo? I'd like to see him just maybe a little bit. I don't think possibly with guitarian f. I think the patterns are all the same. There hasn't seen any fellow circling around. He jabs. He He throws the back hand. Have a have a risk it and throw the uppercut one time. Throw it before he even throws the back hand. Just risk it. He might throw him out. It don't matter. There you go. That's the shot. You just got to risk it sometimes. Throw before he throws it. This Argentinian fellow he's doing all the same patterns. He's circling, jabbing, throws the back hand, throws the back hand again. You just got to you got to you got to sometimes just go for it. Oh, there's a nice left to the body. Seems to get reaction there. This is good work. Starting to go through the gears now. Udin certainly one of those left to the body seem to trouble Blanc. And again with that shot. Look for the uppercut. But this is good work starting to go through the gears. Dave, he's nice and patient with it though. He's remaining patient. Good job again. Got to go back to the jab now. Fing jab again and wait again. It's just a slight increase in tempo and work rate and diffult sometimes if he keeps going and going and going. And this time he's going to go in the box and then he will it'll be next to impossible to get out of there. Going to keep teasing him and tempting him. Yeah, you've called it that left hand falling over the front foot. We see a moment ago when he threw that upper. Yeah, there you go. There you go. You got to risk it sometimes. Bend your back knee and bring that right uppercut up. Well, one thing we've seen with Udin in this fight and in the past, very good instincts and reaction. So, he's able to do it. [Music] [Applause] looking for the uppercut there, but just lead him with the shot. Yeah, I think you're doing all the right things. He's taking opportunity jab away jab, but he's catching it with with his lead hand. He's knocking he's knocking the jab down. Another real opportunity there. He missed there. Yes, he just got started dipping now. Bringing the shots up either hand. Yeah, he's really starting to make Blanc pay when he misses there. Got a fainting job still though. Keep fainting and jabbing. Really starting to shot. Beautiful body face of Blanc. Referee says no knock down. That was a body shot. It was definitely a left. Did go into the the right side of Blanc. Doesn't look in too much distress. He went back to his red corner. Let's have a look here. It's about level and there was that first shot to the body. Followed it up with another one, Dave. Good work. Yeah, very impressed with him. I think he's I think he brought him really well. I think he's doing what he needs to do. Then to get the stoppage have to be a tiny little bit more adventurous. And did that one land? I thought I thought it was a scoring punch and he went over. So I would I would have scored a knock down myself. Really starting to work that left to the body. Well, see the really good shot selection throughout that third round. We see an increase in tempo. We see some more in this fourth round. I don't think it's time to go through the gears yet. Three rounds in, five rounds left. Keep doing what he's doing. Jab, keep breaking him up. Break him up. Break him up. You don't want this guy to go through a complete shelf. Then you are really, really going to be fortunate to get him out of that. As we say, fourth round of this opening contest on before the belt. And it is a good before the bell. Plenty of action to look forward to before we go over to the main broadcast at 700 p.m. this evening. Credit to Blanc. He's starting to let his hand go. Couple of lead there. Yeah, heads coming close together there. That left to the body again, Dave. A beautiful welltimed accurate shot. He's not a shot I particularly want to leave with myself, but he's having some success with it. He's starting to pour his left hand now instead of throwing the jab. He jabbing the the previous two rounds. I'd like him to get back to his jab where it was nice and solid. Is that a ploy to try and draw out the lead of Blanc? Perhaps I would rather punch one in the face than try to be honest. Stop bringing the shots up as well. A lot of them a lot of them are just going over the top of Blank's head. There you go. Yeah, good shot there from Udin. And he's starting to increase the pressure now on the front foot. Starting to walk Blanc down. Yeah, I like how he's doing it. He's really patient with it. It's nice. Sold a few tickets as well to make themselves heard here at Resorts World in Birmingham. [Music] packed out here later for the potential fight before the fight for the Olympic gold medalist Galia fire. Lovely left hand for Moodin upstairs that time and then drops back with a left to the body. Dave Yeah, doing all the right things. The fell the fell is tough. He is tough. I'd like to zoom just to get back behind that jab. It was solid. He was solid round two and three. He's looking for that right hand now. hooks the body when his head was all coming off the jab. Good double jab. The lead hook was nice and simple. You got the got to be the jab. The other punches come off the jab. That opening round as well, he threw some really nice jabs to the body. Stiff jabs to the body and a little bit more variation with that lead hand, but as you say, boxing nicely. He's boxing really nicely, but he can get in a bit of a rot sometimes. You know, if he doesn't start putting the jab in his face properly, you end up following him around just flailing away. What do you think that is? just getting too comfortable in a contest perhaps. You know what? Sometimes as a boxer myself, I feel like when you're in control, sometimes you just think, I want to win this. I'm doing what I need to do to win. Uh but as fans, as as we are, I want to I want to see him try and get this fellow out of there. Really, as we said before, it is his only second eight rounder. for learning to manage the rounds and you know conserve the energy when needing. Nice slip on the outside there and landing another left to the body. It's not just the face, it's the body now of Blanc really starting to reen some heavy shots. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] 5 million. [Music] [Applause] [Music] That's what you need. [Music] Corners 10 seconds. Seconds out. Round five. We're into the second half of this fight. Udin versus Blanc. Udin says he wants to be the first Bangladeshi British world champion. in his second eight rounder. As I say, Bronx actually won 10 rounds, four times. So, just the the 10 fights. There's experience there as a good amateur pedigree as does Udin representing Argentina in the Olympic Games in 2016. Yeah. And and the worry as you said a couple of rounds ago is just Blanc going into his shell could cause problems or frustrations rather for Yeah, I think he has gone back into his shell a little bit now. Blanc um he had he was jabbing earlier and he was going about the right way. I think now he's just he had some success now with that left hook to the body. Now he just seems to be going back to it over and over. He had success with the leader and he's doing that again. So that was a better variation. left hook upstairs, right to the body, and went back upstairs, just changing the levels nicely. I think he's a very good fighter, but I think I think the Argentinian is also very experienced and good. Yeah, knows how to look after himself on the back foot now. Again, good pressure. That was a nice left hook upstairs, then changing the right to the body. That one looked okay to me. Yeah, I've been a few of them. I've been low to be fine. Referee having a word within But the variation just upping the tempo slightly. Udin making life uncomfortable for Blanc. And there's that backhand as you're talking about. Got to be careful. Blanc when he throws that walked onto a left hook there. But if he was to find that uppercut, which he does there, is really good. But two minutes into into round five, we haven't seen the jab. It's all been lead lead back hand and and the and the lead arms has all been just pouring just to settle the left hook or the right hand really has to jab more I think. Yeah. Up and down with the shot. Just dropping his hands here. Trying to draw out the lead I feel from Blanc. He's not taking the bait too much. Just picking his shots nicely. Trying to be careful. Just missing the shots. That's a lovely counter hook come jab from Udin. The rounds are following the same pattern now. So yeah, you'd be surprised to see stoppage at this stage. Really following the same pattern now is just into into a bit of a rut really. Um yeah, he's kind of in cruise control and Blanc sort of knows what's coming his way slightly now. knows how to ride the shots, what to look out for, and I think I think he's doing really good, but he's starting to like lo lose a bit of his shape now, you know? He's starting to um Oh, good work though from the youngster. [Applause] Have a good round there for Udin. You really put the shots nicely in a nice flurry. And I think these shots are nice, Darren, but they're not lockout shots because they're not coming behind his jab. There's no solid base. We just He just kind of just kind of touching the the lead right hand out. Yeah. Got to come behind the jab. A solid one two. Had a stoppage since that debut. As I said, this fell has been stopped at minimum weight in Argentina at Super Flyway. You you wanted you to go on the main show as the main card. You got to be getting this fell out of there. I think as good as engine is, I want to see him get these guys out of there. Well, it is the entertainment business. I think to push on out these kind of ways, you really have to try. Still early stages in the young man's career. Only his fifth outing. So, a lot to work with, plenty to work on. That's a better job. I feel, you know, when he's gone through the gears numerous numerous occasions during the contest, he seems to to struggle Blanc. So, as we said, he's been out the ring for over a year. That's a nice left hand though from Blanc. Could we see just a couple of phases, two, three shots go again from Udin who leads with a left uppercut, follows it up with a right. the the this is the time now, round six, seven, I don't think get fell out there in round eight, you know, um when they start seeing the finishing line, it gets harder and harder. So, this is this is the point now for Adine if he's going to get the stoppage at this point. Now, he's going have to start going through the gears a little bit. An awful lot to like as I say, you know, has all the shots in his arsenal. Quick hands, feet reactions, looking for a little angle there. just spun off to his left hand side. Going back to what I said earlier about being one pace. I think that's fine. Opening opening few rounds. Get your jab going. But at this point now, it's just it's still one shot at a time. We need two, three, four, and five to get a third out like this. Olympian tough old man. You got to put four or five together now. One at a time ain't going to be enough. Unless, like you say, it is that big one that you walk him on to. Well, that's the shot you was asking for. That right uppercut. He's starting to unravel slightly. Oh, the left uppercut lands. This is good work from Udin just as you called for it, Dave. He's starting to up the tempo, put the shots together, and this is classy, Dave. Yeah, this is good. This is what we've been waiting for. I think he's going to get back going to get behind that jab and then go again. Got a jab there leading with a hook. It's just no good. Oh, good counter left hand followed by a right from Udin. Can he build on this? Can he keep working? He's stalking his man trying to push Blan. jab. He has to jab. He has to jab. He can't can't slow this guy around for 10 15 seconds. You know, it's still just over 40 seconds to go in this sixth round. Can he mount another attack? Can he put the shots together? He's being smart. He's using his experience. Blanc just tying up Udin. He's moving, trying to stay out of trouble. Oh, beautiful double left hook there from Udin. Got to be careful pouring that lead hand. Blunk banging his gloves together landing the left hook. Udin. Yeah, this has been better. Just as you called for an increase in tempo, Dave. Yeah, it's been it's been needed. I think it's been needed, you know, but this this fell he's going to take some shifting. You know, I've been saying things like about Odin about his job and going going through the games, but this this fell is not bad at all. He's not bad at all. No, not bad at all. And neither was this sixth round from Udin. Classy work, Dave. Yeah, when he put shots together, he he's got fast hands. He carries a bit of power. Uh the team fell clever. Really clever. You can tell he's been around a bit. Lead less up to the body. Clearly likes that one. Yeah, good shot. Yeah, that was a good round. Really, really. If you're going to get these kind of guys out of there, he has to jab there. You can't just sit and wait. You have to go with the jab. Go again. Even if you just taking the space with your feet and you just being on top of them. Just looking in the corner of Blanc there. I think they were complaining 10 seconds by heads perhaps. Seconds out. Round seven. Referee just asking for both fighters to tidy it up. Two to go here in the opening contest on before the bell. I wouldn't have said the Argentine has been holding that much at all. Really, if I was him, I'd have been holding a lot more. He's done the job at times. Just some movements stay out of trouble. But that sixth round was impressive. And can he build on it? Udin getting to work nicely. Three shots. Looking for that left to the body again. How would he respond? This is lovely work from Udin. Beautiful left uppercut followed by a right hand and the referee jumps in. Fantastic result. Fantastic win. What a good stoppage. a good and a great result from Hanzo Udy and you can see what it means from the young man. The first British Bang Bangladeshi world champion is his goal and that was a good win in the journey in becoming that from Hamza Udin when he puts the shots together. Dave Nazi operator I thought overall it was a good performance. He's only a young man. He's a good performance, lot to work on of course, but um I think he's good. He's clever. Does a lot of really nice things. The way that he took the blunt jab away was really did some really clever things with his lead. Andy was really really good. But good stopage. I think the referee maybe called that a bit early. What do you think? Yeah, look, I I I think he was certainly troubled. Blanc perhaps another few seconds, but I I think the writing was on the wall. You see here going through the gears and it it was class. It really was a good finishing. You have to say credit to Hamza Udin for taking this test in his fifth contest. That left uppercut. I mean, you've called for it throughout the contest. And yeah, perhaps a little early. You can see Blancc there unhappy with that, but the uppercut was always the shot. Always the shot. Listering hand speed. Great variation. And yeah, the the right hand did get a reaction. You see the the legs look slightly unsteady. You can see the way he reacted Blanc to the stoppage. Very unhappy. So perhaps a little early, but still he's got the job done. He's got the win in and he moves to 5 and0 in impressive impressive fashion. Ladies and gentlemen, the official time of the stopage 37 seconds of round number seven. Your winner, he's still undefeated by TKO. Hamza the Great Udin. That