Kind: captions Language: en Obey my commands and protect yourself at all times. Touch goes now. Come on. Fighting at the bell. [Applause] Charlie Fitch, the third man in the ring as we get set for our first bout of the night. First bout here on Before the Bell. Francisco Rodriguez in the red trunks and Nahhem Parker in the blue trunks. It is Atlantic City versus Camden as we start the night here at Boardwalk Call. All leading up to Andis Stanonus the welterweight unification later tonight on the zone. And we're glad to have you with us. Justin Shackle with Richardson Hitchens. Francisco Rodriguez 6 and0 six knockouts and Nhem Parker ending an 18-month layoff bringing his five and one record in the ring. He's right now the only one who's throwing a punch. Oh, he threw that from too far. He making mistakes like that. two New Jersey guys, so they should be competitive. Parker's 30 years of age. Again, coming off and really sitting on his first pro defeat that took place in September of 2023 over at Bley's Parkplace here in AC. But Francisco Rodriguez has stayed busy. He's just 21. I like how Rodriguez is boxing. just staying patient, especially for a guy that has a lot of knockouts. He's still boxing. He's still staying patient and looking for the for the right shot. He thought that Nahhem Parker would be the toughest test of his young pro career, but he he said he only needs a short amount of time to kind of size up his opponents and then adjust. I think that's what we might be seeing here. Yeah, Parker's mind a little hesitant. So, it's either he feels something in there, he has to feel some type of power or speed. do it. Good timing and counters from Rodriguez. Also finding a good job timing the jab. Parker lands a jab himself. Parker is a little hesitant. I think he need to start using his faints and try to set something up behind that jab. Put it right over the top. Hit him with a six. Look at it. Just step in. You could hear Parker's corner yelling 163. And then you like you said a little bit of hesitation here in the first round for N Parker. Yeah, your corner can scream and say do this, do that, but you want in there. You want to feeling punches and that speed, the corner ain't feeling that. And Parker is feeling the speed and the power right now. Well, he lands a good left hook. Good shot to the body. And Rodriguez came back with a left hand of his own. Rodriguez is real composed, especially for a young fighter. ages 21, a product of the Atlantic City PAL program. Class end of round one. Rodriguez receiving instructions from his trainer Frankie Rodriguez. Bob Kane as well as you take a look at some of the action from round [Music] one. And like you said, good composure from the 21-year-old. Yeah, Parker can't be lunging in like that. And he's he's he's kind of doing the the Deon Haney mistake when he jabs, he's bringing his right hand back and that's creating an opening for the left hook. So if Rodriguez see that, he might capitalize on that. This is Rodriguez's first six round test. Everything else before this was four rounds. Yeah, Parker's not a bad fighter though. I can see more experienced. Yeah, I can see why Rodriguez say this probably would be one of his toughest tests. But Parker can't be so hesitant again. Rodriguez he has knocked out all of his competition thus far, but only one of the previous six opponents had a winning record. The combined record of his prior opponents 14 and 49. So that could be another reason why Parker is his toughest test yet. Rodriguez is missing counter punching opportunities. Whenever Parker lunges like that, he should be looking to counter. He's been making that that same mistake from round one. So, I'm looking from round two to three, he start calculating that and the stab to the body. Looks like Rodriguez uses the wide split stance well. Yeah. Look at the left hook. Sit down on it. Parker Corner is saying that they can knock Rodriguez out. They feel as if Rodriguez don't have nothing for their fighter. But those moments right there when he swings and misses badly, those are the ones that Rodriguez has to capitalize on, right? Yes. Yes. He's got to capitalize on big misses. Well, now he has Parker in trouble along the ropes. Oh, good shot. A big right hand by Rodriguez here in round two. You talk about getting comfortable. Parker. Yeah, this looking like it's going to get real bad real soon. Oh yeah, it's going to get real bad real soon. Parker is already breaking down. He looks like he's punching in slow motion. Yes, there is over a minute to go here in round two. But Rodriguez potentially smelling some blood in the water against Nhem Parker. Oh, he good body shots by the 21-year-old. Now he makes him miss with his defense. You can hear Parker corner. They're trying to talk their man through it. But Rodri just look like he's becoming a little bit too much for Parker. Oh, for sure. He buzzes him with a right hand. I like the way Rodriguez get physical on the inside. He don't wait for the ref. He take care of business. himself. Rodriguez has applied more pressure here in this second round as he starts to understand Nheem Parker. Both hand in the fighter meetings, he sneaks a right hand in there as well. Rodriguez said we should keep an eye for his left hook. We have not seen him unleash that just yet. Hasn't had to. No, actually the first round he did catch him with a quick left hook, but it didn't really do too much damage. Let's see how Let's see how the left hook. More quality work leading to an overhand right. That was a quality round overall for that man right there. Great round by Rodriguez. He's taking a fight out of Parker, systematically breaking him down. I think that Parker is letting Rodriguez be the boss too much in there. I think that he needs to start trying to push Rodriguez back cuz he's getting hit going backwards anyway. So, show Rodriguez he's in a fight. Bring the fight to him. The referee, Charlie Fitch, was already in Parker's corner basically saying, "Hey, you got to show me something here." Yeah, this one's scheduled again for six rounds, but Rodriguez showed that he could be a whole other level up on Nheem Parker. Yeah, Rodriguez is looking at me from his corner as if he he's he's ready to put on a show. He's ready to come back out. Looks confident. You know, the Fight Week Hotel at Caesar's Atlantic City. And Francisco, he works security at the hotel. So on a typical Saturday night, he'd be manning crowd control in the casino. Here he's fighting at Boardwalk Hall. That's funny. He's got some colleagues here supporting him as he fights in his hometown. And this is what this is what this is how a fight gets stopped. And Parker can't just get on survivor mode. He's playing good defense, but he's still looking as if, you know, he don't want to be in a fight. This is when the referee start looking closely. You see Charlie Fitch watching intently as Parker tries to establish a jab here against Cisco Rodriguez. Next to be called a Cisco kid. [Music] Just the speed difference in the jab, it stands out to you. Yeah. And the technique, I think the technique is is a big difference, too, Justin. I think that Parker's going a lot of wide shots, lunging in with shots. And you can see Rodriguez, his shots is more compact, short, and straight to the target. Sneak around that left hand. I want to see Rodriguez go back down to the body. [Music] One punch is not going to get the job done. punching combination. He's sitting right there. He don't even remember that. Good body shot. Rodriguez just waiting for his target to expose himself. Real good patience for a young fighter. And now Rodriguez, another hard shot to the body. That may have hurt Parker. A minute five to go here in round three. Oh, Parker need Parker need to throw something back. And now Rodriguez looking to unleash those hands in a more rapid rate. Come on now. You got to work now. You got to work. Parker need to show that he wants to compete. It feels like it is full survival mode for Nhem Parker at the moment. Turn it over into a three. One. Got to work it. [Music] You got to work. Another good jab or stab to the body I should say from Rodriguez. Now for a young fighter just seeing him able to slow this action down the way he has against more experienced competition. How how would that work out for him? Does he have to does he have to try and maybe get faster with his thinking? I mean uh versus higher competition they won't be find him scared. He's able to slow it down because this guy is kind of showing he don't really want to compete. So he's able to down, but he's doing what he have to do with a guy like this. He's pushing the action and he's trying he's trying to be a boss and control it. But obviously once you got higher in competition, guys ain't just going to let you just push him back and throw at them. That was a round in which Francisco Rodriguez connected with that right hand to the body often against Nhem Parker. Yeah. Good shot behind the air. [Music] That's a funny left hook. He just threw kind of like a laughing punch. And that's going to do it. It looks like the Parker's corner is waving this off. So yes, fight waved off. Francisco Rodriguez will pick up another stoppage win here in his [Music] hometown. I like the patience by him tonight. That was a great performance. He did what he had to do, stood composed, and he didn't fight like a guy that's just saying, "Oh, I got all knockouts. Let me go for the kill." So he systematically broke his opponent down and got the job done. Congrats to the young man. He moves to seven and0. Picks up his seventh KO and he does it here at Boardwalk Hall. So the Cisco kid stops another. And for NE Parker again staying on the stool falls to five and two. [Applause] Rodriguez, the AC product, local lightweight, perfect record remains, aces his first six round fight. shows his poise, shows his patience, and he thought that Parker would be his toughest test yet. If it was, he came out looking impressive. So, Rodriguez previously fought inside Boardwalk Hall, but that one's in the small room. There's a big difference here. There's the the small room and this is the big room where all of those legendary matches have taken place. There have been some great memorable fights in the small room as well, but here he gets a win in the big room for the first time as a pro. Let's go make it official with David Diamonte. Ladies and gentlemen, referee Charlie Hitch calls a halt to this contest. The red corner is unable to continue. Your winner, he's still undefeated from Atlantic City. The Cisco kid, Francisco Rodriguez. Francisco Rodriguez gets the win here in Atlantic City. and he won't have to go too far to celebrate again with friends, families, and colleagues as well from Caesar's AC as he improves to 7 and0 with seven knockouts. And he is standing by in the ring with O. [Music] Congratulations, Francisco. phenomenal performance. I noticed in the first round you were picking your shots, taking your time and after I heard your your opponent's corner scream out, he's going nowhere in the sport. He's an easy fight. It seems like you turned up after that. Did you hear that? And that is that what made you turn up? For sure. That's what made me turn up. First of all, I want to thank God for this victory. Without him, nothing is possible. Uh much respect to my opponent for taking this up for taking this opportunity. And thank you for Matt Room boxing for for great putting on a great show always and having me in it. Thank you so much. But yeah, I heard it uh that motivated me. It motivated me more and I just had to take that that took that dog out of me when I heard them words. But had to stay calm, collective, and just pick my shots and every punch had a little thud into it for after he said that. You've yet to uh hear the last bell. All your fights ended in knockout. Is that the agenda going into these fights? I mean, do you want to be the guy that's known to stop people? Uh, I I want to be known I want to be known to win no matter what it is, either a stoppage or decision. I want to break my break down my opponents mentally, physically, and just become victorious and glory to God always. Well, you look good in there. Look forward to seeing you again. Congratulations, Chaps. Thank you so much. Thank you so much, Justin. Thank you.