Kind: captions Language: en He fights out of Bukara, Usuzbekiststan. Here is the 2016 Olympic silver medalist and the former WBA international and IBF North American champion Shakra Wonderboy [Music] Gasol. [Applause] [Music] Guasol second. All right, gentlemen. We already went over the rules earlier. Most important, protect yourself at all times. Obey my commands at all times. And as I said, give me a good clean break. Good luck. Best of luck. So, Shakram Guasov, rated first by the WBA, seventh by the WBO, hoping to get a world title shot. If not in his next fight, hopefully the one after that. But first things first, he's got Franco Okampo, a relative unknown from Argentina, but if he's like some of the Argentine fighters we've called in the past, he is going to be a tough out. This is what I'm saying. Every time you see a tough Argentinian on the fight card, you never know what you're going to get. There have been some really good fighters fighting out of Argentina. Most notably recently, Sergio Martinez, great former world champion, Ryan Castano. Okampo told us he knows both those guys. says he's more Sergio Martinez as a fighter than he is the pressure guy uh that is Castano. I don't see the Sergio Martinez. Martinez had brilliant footwork, great upper body movement. He was a southpaw speed, power doesn't have none of that. Okmpo's a he has bad balance. I mean, but he has good timing. That's what I was talking about by sneaky good, but his technique, that's the main thing that really uh worries me when it comes to him. He drops his hands and he doesn't have the the speed to actually get out of the way. Just like that. You don't see the warning from the referee to Guasoft. It's like death taxes and Guasoft getting warned for low punches. Like he is not afraid to stray near that belt line to land the body shots. It's why he's one of the best body punchers in boxing. He's pretty aggressive with that body work. Well, we saw in his last fight against Miguel ParrA in Santa Monica, that was July of last year, he hit Par with a brutal body shot. as clean as you want. Dropped him, but the referee said it was low and in fact took a point away. Kiosaf should have won by knockout. Instead, it went to the cards. Split decision win. That's one of those fights where the box wreck doesn't do it justice. Another great body shot. Digging with that left hand, Sergio, I was telling you today, I think Kasoft is going to get a liver shot and put a Campo away. Listen, the longer this fight goes, the rest is going to look for Gasov, especially he wants a big performance. He wants to get these title shots. thing about Okmpo, he's a he's a tricky fighter. He already took southpaw and he went back and forth. It was to his detriment. He got caught in between with the left hook. But if he can he can get that jab going and he can switch orthodox and and and and southpaw and do it do it right and responsibly, he can give issues to Guasov. Guas on the front foot since the opening bell. likes to put pressure on his opponents, break them down, but every time he's kind of stepped up to the upper echelon of opponents, Sergio, he's he's struggled a little bit. He used to he used to knock everybody out. It looks like he gets content with just winning rounds and and being in control and not losing a fight. I mean, not losing rounds, but that's not what he needs right now. He needs to get people talking about him against Oh, there's a left hook and it almost dropped Okampo. That'll get people talking here in Atlantic City. The Argentinian backed in the corner. Eats another left shot from Dasoft. He wants a first round knockout. Can Wonder Boy seal the deal here? 30 seconds to go. And Okampo's down. Beautiful. Not slug his power. He was backing up. He let He let Oko fall off balance there. Not coming into a shot. He doesn't want anymore. Line. He is up but barely. Referee taking a good look. Okampo has the look of resignation in his face. Okay. Guasol chomping at the bit. He's got 10 seconds to finish the job. 10 seconds is a lifetime when you're that hurt. One more shot and that'll do it. They'll make it to the end of the round. But just [Applause] [Music] Social very Okapo with his flat his back flat against the ropes. You want to get angle whenever you are hurt and you want to lay against the ropes. You got to stay sideway, not get flatooted, not get in front of an opponent that long. He got caught with that left hook twice. That's the reason he almost got knocked out. Nice right hand to start the round for Oko who's trying to show some signs of life. Sergio, those head shots that Guasoft land that rocked Okmpo, those were all due to going to the body first. Like Okapo's very wary of getting hit in the midsection and Gasov's well aware of that and that's the reason he keep he started this round going to the body. But that left hook will be there again because Okmpo lacks good defense. He doesn't keep his hands up and he gets lazy with that and then exchanges which is another thing Oko he likes exchanging with a bigger faster puncher. That's a no no for him. He gets off look so much bigger than Oko. Both men entered this fight with 91 total rounds, identical. They had the same amount of experience, but of course opponents have been much better quality. Guas is of course a former Olympic silver medalist. Uh great background from Usbekiststan. Great training camp. He's part of that group that includes Mjac Medal of Becker Malakuzia. So these guys are extremely talented fighters and you can see Okappo much more gunshy now playing defense first. Yeah, there's levels to this game. He off like you said, Chris was a silver medalist and this is a man who only had 21 fights as an amateur. So there's levels to to the amateur game and of course levels in the pro game. [Applause] [Music] Counteright told us he did want to start fast. I mean he started fast but he was at the wrong end of it. Guav started a lot faster and you can see that Guosv is taking his time being patient fighting for just the first time in 15 months. So he might have some ring rust but the wonder boy already knocked that off of him in round one. But hey, in the past Chris, we've seen Gasov have opponents down early, have them in trouble, but he just hasn't been able to put him away. Yeah, this is where you'd like to see Guasov step on the gas. I mean, the body language on Ampo after he went down was not good. He was looking to be in this fight. If he lets his hands go, I think the referee's going to step in. Almost went down there with another left hand. I think Yasov's looking for the onepunch knockout, though. I think he's looking for that kind of spectacular statement. I think he's having such an easy timing there landing shots. I mean, everything he throws is landing on Compo, whether it's a straight jab, a straight right hand. Fighters are supposed to avoid the first punch cuz normally in combinations, Okmpo has zero upper body movement. He has no fast twitch muscle. Guas should take advantage of that with combinations and speed. That's how he gets the stoppage. And now KPO's not moving. Oh, Capo not moving. Just sitting against the ropes. Beats another left. He can't get out of the way. And he might have busted that nose, too. Keeps grabbing at him with pawing at him with his glove. Yes. Can't miss. I mean, he's power potshotting this man and he can't miss with every punch that he throws. seconds. Let's get up. Well, you probably could have gotten pretty good odds for Oko to make it out of round two and he did it. [Music] And this was a knockdown back in round one. This is what I liked about Gasov. Notice right there, Okapo tried to smother the attack. He tried to clinch and Guasoft's feet just step back real nicely to make him fall off balance, make him run into the shots. That's experience right there. That is a guy that's really calm under the pressure. He caught the corner of Shakram Guiov. His trainer for this fight is Rod Zabay, who we saw a few years ago in the ring against Amata Dion, former 147 lb contender as well. Let's see if Gasov steps on the pedal here. The last thing he wants to do is allow Okalo to just hang in there for five or six rounds. I agree. And that that's the uh knock that we have on Guasov. He starts off really fast. He looks good. He looks like he's going to get the the the fighter out and then all of a sudden it goes a distance. He's having issues with the fighter in front of him. He shouldn't be having issues with a fighter like Oko who, like I said, has bad technique, bad balance, doesn't have a quick quick jab. See, everything that that he's throwing was is landing right there. You can just bust them up with shotgun jabs if you're gear. bust up that nose, moves up that face, and and have his team or anyone else stop this fight cuz I can already tell a combo does take a big punch, but he's going to get hit too [Applause] cleanly. It's got to be more than one punch for DSL. Like to see him put together three, four punch combinations. We've seen that from him just like that in the past. Downstairs, back upstairs. That left hook. Body shot was nice going around went around the left the left elbow of Oko. If he can he can do that again and switch it up with the overhand right around the guard, it' be a good night. PS off only 16 pro fights at the age of 31 had 400 amateur bout. So he's seen it all in there. Was just kind of standing there eating jabs. I guess he can do that for a while. Well, he knows that against against the ropes, you know, at least he can have Guasop come at him, you know, so he feels a little bit more safe against the ropes. It's in the middle of the ring where he can't compete with the the footwork, the speed, the angles. So, in a way, he's safer against the ropes in the corner. Such a hot start for Guasoft. Good body shot. That hurt. That hurt a combo. Yeah. And he might drop. He might go down trying to fight his way out of it, but that right elbow is protecting the liver. I don't know if Kasoft knows that he hurt. Yeah, it was a nice left hook, man. This is the thing about these athletic fighters from these Usuzback fighters. When I watch them fight, they throw brilliant combinations, but they don't double up on shots, especially to the body. When you have someone hurt like that to the body, even if they block it, but hit the forearm, that's still going to be damaging. They're downstairs double even triple up that body shot downstairs. By the way, 31 years old, can we still call Wonder Boy? Does he have to be Wonder Man now? At what point do we make the transition? I mean, we still call Oscar the golden boy. There you go. What's a word for an old snake? Uh, we prefer English, Sergio, but you can't hit your sap button at home. [Applause] Two. So, another dominant round for Guasov, who doesn't get the finish. It seems that he can almost get whatever he wants if he goes for the gusto. Hey, Box Lab Promotions presents an exciting night of boxing as Kevin Brown faces Uti Swero live from Orlando next Friday as part of his own 185 plus fight nights a year. 185 Chris Mannings. That's a lot. It's a lot of fight nights. [Music] [Applause] Whenever you're touching upstairs, it's downstairs is going to be open because look, you a fighter that's outmatched like Oko is not expecting shots to come under like that. That's a good shot. That that put anyone down right there. Anytime you land those shots that cleanly, Guasa keep going back downstairs. Even if they're blocked, they're going to hurt just as much. [Music] [Applause] So, round four. Who would have thought we'd be this deep into the fight? Nice right hand there for Campo. We'd be this deep into the fight after Okampo nearly got stopped at the end of round one. All right. Yeah, you're right, Sergio. Okmpo just wants to go back and find the ropes. He's backing up there. He cannot do anything in the middle of the ring. No, he can't because he doesn't have the legs, the strength, the uh the the bounce on his feet. He gets in trouble in the middle of the ring. So yeah, at least against the ropes, you're getting the the the feeling of the ropes going back and forth, and some fighters can actually fight well with that balance. Gas off, as Chris mentioned earlier, fighting in memory and in honor of his daughter, Miriam, who passed away just a few months ago. That cannot be an easy thing to do. I couldn't even imagine being in camp and and and and having those that that tragic news. That's horrible news. It just happened one month ago and now he's back out here fighting. It's incredible. I mean, the way that fighters compartmentalize their personal life to to take care of business. It's on another level. Well, Sergio, you know, sometimes when you have tragedy in your life, the one thing you want to do is not think about it all the time. You want to do something to keep your mind occupied. And this is the craft that he is so good at. as we look at power shots thrown and landed and it has been all guolt. You guys were talking a little bit about the lackluster performances as of late and I do think his daughter's health had a lot to do with that. He would spend a lot of time visiting doctors around the world trying to find the treatments that might work and they take a toll when you're spending your downtime trying Oh, a body punch. Sorry, Chris. Just a nice little light touch with the right hand. Sergio picture pinpoint perfect. There was nothing light about that. Was a straight right hand to the body. This fight is over. And Shakra Gasov gets the knockout win he wanted and in honor of his late daughter. Congratulations to the Wonder Boy who wins here in Atlantic City. What a great man. What a great fight fighter. And man, to be here to do exactly what he's doing, it it really is incredible. after his his daughter's demise and passing, man. I mean, I got to I got to give all the credit in the world and God bless this man. So, Kasoft now 17-0 with 10 knockouts. Sergio, he's been saying, "Look, I'm next man up. He wants a title opportunity in your opinion. Should he get it?" Yeah. Well, he's highly ranked, especially in WBBA. So, yeah, he he deserves it. Okmpo, we knew that he was here as a Bside, but this is a man that hasn't been knocked out in 19 fights. He had amateur and Olympic experience as well.