Kind: captions Language: en So, a must-win fight here for MJ Akmadalv with a monstrous fight on the schedule later this year in Japan for Luis Castillo. The biggest opportunity of his career tonight in Guadalajara. This one scheduled for 10. You see right away as you always do with Akmadalv or anyone from that extraordinary Usuzbck amateur program gave just the complexity of the footwork. So much for Castillo to look at and worry about. Yeah, for sure. You know, it's just you know those guys they create angles quick footwork and punching off the angles the hardest style to to face. Amadalia coming off a third round knockout victory over Ricardo Espinosa and Monte Carlo late last year. And a big right hook connects there. That's a nice one. And that one has Castillo taking a couple of steps back. Yeah, that that one hurt. That shot hurt Castillo. Steo, as we mentioned, facing his second former world champion tonight. three fights ago was in there with Tamoki Kameda, the former champion who saw just a couple of days ago taking on Angelo Leo for a world title. Stopped at five rounds in that fight. Castillo trying to find his way to the inside. You know, MJ's applying pressure on Castile and he's exhausting him just with the footwork. You know, not really even throwing shots. The footwork is so quick. He puts himself in position where Castile is is expecting a counter as he did right there and nothing came. You know, it's just that it's just MJ knowing how to be in position. Yeah. And that's what fighters like Aquadalv can do. They can drain your gas tank without really taking any risks. It's just with movement. Gabe, you know, when you fight with your feet, you know, the feet are so important and they put you in a good position or they get you out of trouble. MJ just understands that distance. Some of the very best feet in the game as evidenced by the back flips that he lands after he scores knockout victories. Steo offering up a right hand there. Caught by the guardal. [Applause] 10 seconds here of the opening round. Good start for the former unified champion MJ Aquadalia. That first round was just MJ the fill out round for him. Seeing what Castile is bringing to the table. I think you're going to see MJ be a little more aggressive in this round. Round two underway. Steel lives and trains in Hikapilco, Mexico, which is about 2600 ft above sea level. And of late, it's become a retreat for a lot of fighters who are looking to stage camp there. The Williams Aeda camp is there. We've seen the Cuban national team take a trip over there to train for a little while. It's not likely that we'll be questioning the gas tank of Luis Castillo here tonight. [Applause] Hear some jeers from the crowd here already. They can be a little bit unforgiving here in Mexico, Gabe. They want forehead to forehead action all the time. Well, you know, MJ's putting himself in good position, you know, with these angles, creating angles, but he's not firing off the angles. So, Amadalia have land one left hand to the body there. That's one of his signature shots when he can't create that angle and that straight left hand to the body. A devastating shot. Perhaps that's a little bit of a precursor what he's hoping to put a little bit more mustard on as the fight progresses here. Yeah, but what I see now is I see Castile getting a bit more comfortable now where he's not, you know, he's not kind of having like that jerky style, hesitating, waiting for a counter. He's now a little more relaxed, letting his hands go a little more comfortably. [Applause] steel with that right hand caught by the elbow of Amadalia. You know, if you're scoring the round, it's like, what do you like more? Castillo's the one that's actually being busy, letting his hands go, throwing good combos. body shots there on the inside. Looked like Castillo's right hand got there first. Yeah, MJ's looking for that perfect shot. That's a good counter right hand by Castillo over the top and he's landed. You know, he just doubled up with a right hand right there. The second one landed. Castillo working with what's he's get what he of sign language and if you look closely as the fight as the fight progresses Sanchez will do some things to communicate with Castillo during the round. He'll kind of bang on the canvas to create a reverberation that Castillo can hear. He'll shake the ropes at times if he thinks that Castillo can see them without getting distracted. they have found a way to communicate without uh despite Castillo's limitations and that's smart you know you want to have codes you know that's something that I used to do with trainers is you know just say code words that only we know you know um you don't want to say double up the jab right hand right right and then the opponent hears it you know sets you over the counter Talv creeping forward just a little bit more here in this round. You know what Diaz corner wants is they want him to be more busy. let his hands go more and I think that you know MJ's just looking for that perfect shot and he did it right now. He landed a good left to the liver. Yeah, that that is his shot. That's the one that he's looking for. Those bet guys love that shot. You know, you and I were talking about that with regards to Beck the Bully as well and how, you know, they're not identical styles obviously, but obviously came from the same school and in your fight plan leading up to both Beck the Bully fights. That was the shot that you were hon, right? Absolutely. You know, it's a shot that, you know, it's a hard shot and the thing is Oh, good shot there from Akmadal. That one knock Castillo a little bit off balance. Might have been a footwork issue as well. Yeah. And the thing about that shot, Cory, is that the way they throw it, they throw it from an angle where it looks like it's going to come up top. So you kind of, you know, you it can catch it can put you in a position where you put your guard up and expose your rib and that's how the shot lands. Well, sometimes they do bring it up top. About 20 seconds ago, Aquadalia have landed that sweeping left hand that again is putting that thought in Castillo's mind. Where is that left hand going to? Where is it coming from? But MJ's doing what he he needs to do. He's he's been a little more busy applying more pressure. Just has to let his hands go a little more. 30 seconds here of round three. Huge left hand there. Yakadalia shaking his left hand after throwing [Music] that. Remember, Castile's doing a good job staying in rhythm with MJ. You know, even when MJ's having nice spurts, you know, Castillo gets back himself back in rhythm, landing a good shot here and there. Back to action here and we'll see if there is any reason for concern here with regards to Akmadal and that left hand. See how busy he is with that shot. That would be a radical change to this fight, Gay, because Aquadalia was starting to land that left hand in a variety of ways. Looked like this fight was headed in a bad direction for Castillo. Yeah, he hasn't thrown the shot yet. And you know, the problem here with MJ is he's trying he's he's trying too hard to find that perfect shot. You know, right here, you just got to jab. You got to stay busy, you know, especially when you have a fight lined up, you know, with with in a way, you need to make a statement. You need to look good. You know, it's a lot of wasted movements from MJ. They're good movements, but they're wasted movements because he's not making Castillo pay off the movement. You know, he makes Castillo miss, but he's not firing back. And again, it has been now close to a minute and a half since Aquadalia has thrown anything. There he offers up that left hand. Steel coming back with a right hand of his own to the body there. Aquadalia lets go of that left hand. There's a nice right hook immediately before it. [Applause] And you know, I at this point, I don't understand why Castillo's backing up so much because MJ's not he's not busy with the with the combinations, you know? He's he's closing distance, but he's just trying to find one. Nice look there from Akadalv and a couple left hands. Encouraging sign there from the from the former champion. He looks for an uppercut there as well. I think Castile can save himself some energy and stay in the pocket with MJ and let his hands go. Stay in the pocket right there. That double. That was good right there. Talked about the gas tank of Luis Castillo, but even the deepest gas tanks can be drained with this amount of movement that we're seeing from Castillo and these big exaggerated maneuvers as well. Yeah. You know, cuz Castillo is not comfortable. He's so worried about the counter shot that you can just see it in his face, his body language. You can tell he's so worried about that liver shot. Final 10 seconds here of round four. A busier round here for Akmadal as he finds that left hand to the body. That was a knockdown because he did he did get hit with the body shot. You know, the problem with Castillo is he's he's not comfortable. And when you when you're not relaxed in the ring, you're burning energy. It's nervous energy. And obviously for Aquadalv here tonight, it's a bit of an impossible situation for him. There's very little that you can do that will make someone say, "Okay, you're ready to challenge the monster, but one of the best in the business." Obviously, that fight has been signed, but you know, anything short of about a first round knockout and someone is going to ask some questions, right? Yeah, for sure. You know, and the thing is, you know, I don't I don't I I really don't understand why MJ is is doing so much wasted movement. And when I say that, I mean, you know, he makes Castillo miss, but he doesn't make a pay. See, right there, he did a slip back. Castillo miss, but there's no counter. It's wasted movement. [Music] Again, Castillo misses, no counter from MJ. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Slowing left hand there from Aquadalv and wakes the table with that right hook as well. Those sweeping shots from Aquadalv, Gabe, when he does throw them, they work so well. Well, I mean, he he has Castillo out of position so often and he can catch him kind of on the move turning the corner. When he does let those go, they seem to have Castillo in trouble quite often. Absolutely. And that's why, you know, it kind of throws me off that, you know, MJ makes Castillo miss over over. See right there? It's constant and and he's not making the pay. But when when MJ does decide to play, you can tell that he's overpowering the steel. But at what point do you seal the deal? There's that left hand to the body again. Left hand finding its mark right in the midsection of Luis Castillo who came back with a left hook of his own, but there again got blasted to the body by Akmadalia. [Music] [Applause] do certainly get the impression that one little turn of the dial that Akmadalv could make something happen. And there it is. What a shot from Amadalv and Castillo is in agony. I don't know how Castillo was up on his feet. Just a minute for Castillo to take those deep breaths and try to recover from that debilitating body shot. A signature shot from MJ Akmadalv. And right here is where I want to see MJ go for the kill. You know, just get him out, make a statement, touch that body. stepping to the inside looking for that same shot. Now throws the right hook to the body. Tender midsection of [Music] [Applause] Castillo. And you know, Corey, uh, MJ, as he's following Castillo, he's not cutting the ring off. He continues to allow Castillo to exit out to his left. You know, MJ needs to cut that corner and trap Castillo. Those right hooks to the body that he's starting to throw here, that might help with that a little bit. Just cutting off that exit route for sure. See right here, you got him in the corner. Don't give him that escape to the left. [Applause] Quick uppercut there from Akadalv. Again, one of those shots from MJ. You don't know whether that shot's going to the bread basket or if it's going to the top shelf. For sure. Nice left hand again there from Aquadalv. Castillo a little wobbly coming out of the Aquadalv corner there. But you know MJ puts himself in position throw his shots. You know he puts he's right there in position to throw these five shots that'll take Castillo out of there. Look at that. Another shot there from Akmadal. And down goes Castillo. But a 3in shot there from Akmadalv sends Castillo to the [Applause] [Music] canvas. 40 seconds for MJ to work with here as he is on the hunt for his third consecutive knockout. [Music] Good straight left hand down the middle there from Aquadal with 20 seconds remaining in the round. Aquadal looking for the fight ending shot as Castillo who comes back with a nice right hand and got out of the way and that MJ cannot fight anyway like this. Cuz look, man, it's a whole different that's a whole different animal right there. Well, and of course, you want to give Amadalia the benefit of the doubt that he's fighting this way because of the level of competition. That was a right hook that sent Castillo to the canvas. Looked like the feet got tangled at the same time, not declared a knockdown. But certainly there is a bit of a a casual approach here from Aquadalia. There's a certainty in his face even when he scored that last knockdown. Like he's not concerned about what the result of this fight is going to be, which again is saying something that he can toy with a man who is 31 and six. Yeah, but you know what, man? You don't play with your food, especially when you have such a big fight lined up, you know? Um, why give Castillo the opportunity to land a lucky shot? Anything can happen in boxing. Why give him that that opportunity? If if you got a guy that's vulnerable in front of you, you can get him out of there. That's exactly what you have to do. It's too much waiting for MJ. Wait. Too much waiting. [Music] where I believe pretty much if if MJ did about a 10 15 second onslaught, uh I think the ref has stopped the fight. Castillo. Yeah, Castillo at this point's on survival mode. In a couple of moments in this fight, again, like we said, if if Aquadalia were just to turn the dial a little bit to the right, it feels like he could end this one. And you know, just hypothesizing here, Gabe, is there any utility for Amuadalia of essentially knowing he has a fight on the books for September in just getting some rounds? Is there any utility to that? Or do you think at this point round seven just go for it? No, you don't. Right. You don't need to get no more rounds cuz guess what? Casio get lucky, land a shot or a headbutt could happen, a clash, you know, where you get cut. Come on. You don't do that. Just get this guy out and move on. Good little left hook there from Castillo a moment ago just to hammer home your point there. Back comes Akmadalia with a two punch combination of his own. And you know the thing with MJ, he lands at Will. Every time he throws, he's landing the shots. Look at that. Nice uppercut. Nice overhand right. It's just a matter of him putting it together, being more aggressive. He got to be more aggressive. Antonio Diaz waving him in, telling him to apply a little bit more pressure. See if he obeys orders here. [Applause] And so round eight begins here in a fight between MJ Akmadalv and Luis Castillo that many people felt would not reach round eight. And at many times during this fight, Gabe did not look like it would reach round eight. You know, this fight can be stopped anytime MJ decides to put his foot on the gas. And you know, some guys have the killer instinct, some guys don't. Massive right hook there from Akmadalv. Maybe this will be the round where MJ makes that decision. Straight left hand. Rocks Castillo back against the ropes. Blood now flowing once again. And it was temporarily halted by the Castillo corner, but that left hand just opened up that stream once again. You see it flowing now onto his chest as well. You know, the problem with MJ is he wants to he wants to land the perfect shot. So, he's not, you know, he doesn't want to just fire. He wants to land the perfect shot. That's a good shot right there. But, you got to throw combinations. Sometimes the one two sets up the three. So, who cares if the one two doesn't land? But if the three lands, that's what matters. That's what pro boxing is about. Combinations, putting the punches together. Straight left hand again. Make it two there from Aquadalev who is landing at will here in the eighth. MJ could have done this three rounds ago. [Applause] See, he's in position to punch. Why is he not throwing the shot? [Applause] Two, three. Sweeping left hands from Aquadalv. Make it four. And they keep raining in as Castillo is on uncertain legs right now. And a big uppercut has him in trouble. The towel is in. And that is it. Referee Luis Gimenezto. Ladies and gentlemen, referee Luis Gimenez calls a halt in his contest. The official time of the stoppage. 2 minutes and 5 seconds of round number eight, declaring a winner by TKO Muran. MJ Amar Ali.