Kind: captions Language: en All right, boxers. We went over instructions earlier. As a reminder, obey my commands at all times. Protect yourself at all times. Touch gloves. Good luck. Devin Haney, a controlled, patient, nearly flawless fighter, taking on Ryan Garcia, a complicated, freewheeling enigma with lightning quick hands and one punch knockout power. What prevails? Discipline or disorder? We got 12 rounds to find out. Here we go. [Applause] Garcia in the white, Kaney in the brown. You heard Sean Porter say earlier he expects Brian Garcia to come out aggressive and I agree against Tank Davis. Ryan Garcia was moving forward trying to end the fight early. That ultimately cost him, but I expect to see the same version against Deon Hayden. Yeah, Rando Smith starts off fast, but it also they can work against him. He gets dropped early against Luke Campbell. He got dropped early against Tank Davis. Deon doesn't have the power, but he doesn't have the accuracy and timing. If you're that aggressive, get over big left hand by Garcia. Watch Haiti early. Garcia said he was going to knock him out in the first round. That was the left hook of Ryan Garcia that Deon Haney has been worried about. Come again. Garcia all systems go here in the first round. I said that he would have the speed of the power and he could take the better two. Got him again. Hy holding open. He's never been in this kind of trouble this early. We saw him rocked against Lenores. Now that Lamar shot came at the end of the 10th round, right below Garcia dare Hay to meet him in the middle of the ring. That's where they stand right now. And I love the fact that Ryan Garcia is still staying poised. He hurt bad, but he's still disappointed enough to wait it out. I like that painty looks a little gunshy. Ghost is shook. That power is real. That speed is quick. Lethal left hand by Ryan Garcia. There's the jab from Haney. He can do that all night long. [Applause] What a start to this fight. Crowd still buzzing. And now it's Haney on the front foot. Might have been a big adrenaline dump there for Garcia after rocking Haney. Oh, maybe Garcia's trying to set a trap. He doesn't have that the back left. Maybe he's trying to get over confident trying to come in with a right hand check with that hook. Yeah, Deon's team very aware of these traps that Ryan Garcia like to set. That's why discipline is going to be the key for Deon this fight back in 2020 where Ryan punched with his opponent and landed a cleaner shot. You can't teach power like that. You can't teach speed up. Two men that absolutely despise each other. Don't hit him behind. Could see a lot of separation work here from a referee tonight. And now Haney striking first here in round two. Redness on the nose of Garcia. You know, every time I study for a fight, I have to compare it with a classic fight. Watching these two fighters reminded me of a de laora Corte, which was a classic when both men went down. Expert jab by Corte. That's Haiti. And of course, Ryan Garcia emulating the golden bela with that left hook. Nine power punches landed in round one for Garcia. Zero for Haney. There's a right hand for Haney. He's got to be measured though, Sergio. He knows that left hook is just waiting to land again. Quick, quick. Bill Haney in the corner after that last round saying get under that hook. Throw the jab, then get under that hook. You want to let Haney use his legs of dipping. What you need is you got to throw away a punch and you got to bait that left hook. You got to use it against Ryan Garcia because it's it's a quick rap trap type left hook. So if you can throw the right hand and go under it, then then he's going to be at a disadvantage and left hook off balance. Big right hand for Deon. Okay, big right hand and land it, but he should still get as if the left hook's coming. He has a reactive puncher. He just reacts with that left. He checks him right away. So you can use it against him if you dip down, make them miss, make them fall off balance, then attack him and flank them to the side. And a lot of foot faints. And he's going to need a lot more of those to tell you the truth. And what Garcia has in mind, Sergio in round two, we're starting to see the shoulder roll again. Watch how Ryan Garcia has been setting up. out after that last sequence kind of with that foot back, shoulder out. I haven't really seen it yet, Chris, but I hope I don't because right now this is the Ryan Garcia that we need to see going forward. He's intimidating and he's making Haney think twice. Let's see if Garcia goes to the body. You know, Haney is going to be checking that chin, making sure he doesn't get caught with the left hook again. Could be an opening for Garcia going to go to the rib cage. Okay, I I see him pulling back. It's not a shoulder roll yet, man. But I see him pulling back, trying to hide behind that left hook. Big swinging miss for Garcia. Good. The left hook from Garcia. Even if it's thrown with 50%, it seems to affect Haney. It's a twitchy left hook. He throws it all angles. He throws it with power. Francisco Pona got it in the head. Luke Campbell got it in the body. And there's that overhand right there. Amy should be looking, but I want to see more jabs. Set that set that punch up. The thing about Ryan Garcia, he does fight straight up right. [Applause] He's trying that left. He knows that's the money punch. There's a left of his own from Haiti. The key for Haiti is to keep fainting. Keep Ryan Garcia against I like the way Garcia's chopping down at the head of Haiti. Haiti's dipping down to his right side too much. Those punches are bound to take their toe right now. Let's go. Let's go. Haiti needs to start dipping to his left. I know. All I got I got both of you. All right, let's go. He thought there might be some moments in this fight that would test the patience of each of these fighters. Ryan already complaining. Good sharp jab. And watching Ryan Garcia, he has one of the best eye hand coordinations I've seen. And it's incredible. Such a close one. I mean, it's so it's so fast. His brain doesn't react. It's just natural instinct. It's reactive. Harvey Ducks got his work cut out for him. Our referee, the third man in the ring from Haiti and that causes Garcia to pound his gloves together. And there you go. If you question Hades power, you you got it right there. That's shook by Garcia and that is smart not to crash in. Doesn't want to get into a firefight. You know, I think we're seeing a much more aggressive dev than a lot of people thought we might. Oh, he has to get aggressive. That's why Garcia's going to run over him. Let him go. Let him go. But he keeps getting hit with that choking right hand going down. And it's time to start Deon to the other side because Garcia's finding a home for him way too easy. That left hand is important for Deon because when Ryan falls back, when Ryan dips back, he drops to the right on the head. So that left hand's going to be open for Deon all night long. 10 seconds to go here in the third. The most competitive of the three rounds this far. Garcia won the first. Deon certainly the second. Drops that right hand. That's why he's open to the kind of sweeping hooks that dropped him against Luke Campbell and Jante. It's gonna keep being there because that's just a bad flaw on the technique of Garcia. [Music] Good body shot there by Haney. Let him go. Let him go. Garcia's biggest complaint against Tate Davis, the fact that he had to cut down to 135 with without a hydration clause. He felt he was completely famished. That's not the case tonight. Not only is this fight scheduled for contested 140 lbs, he weighed 143 at the weigh-in. So, that shouldn't be a factor for Garcia, he's full of gasoline and ready to go. And we don't know what they weighed in unofficially today. They don't weigh them here. Second day day off in New York, but they both look like at least junior middleweight. If not, they both look big, but Ryan Garcia does look bigger. There it is again. He's getting a little bit too comfortable trying to hide behind that left shoulder. Now, now I see it. Okay, now I see it. And guess what? He's starting to resort back to what he was doing with Guate. That's not a good idea because he's going to find a home for that right hook to the body. When I talked to Ryan and Deon, as Doc speaks to, when I talked to Ryan and Deon, I asked about the shoulder roll. And Derek James quickly looked up and said, "No shoulder roll. It's not what we do." And Ryan said, "Well, look, I've done it before. I think I'm pretty good at it. I didn't get hit." Right hand, right hand from Garcia. So, it's not a surprise to see him go through it early in this fight. Garcia telling, "Hey, can you imagine if I knocked you out with a right hand? You told me all I had was my left hook. What if I beat you with the right? There's an opening for a right hook to the left side of Garcia's body since he's pulling back so much. Haley's not taking advantage of of that right now. He's he's seeking that. He's headunting too much with that overand right. Garcia reaching for that one. Whoever's caught reaching is going to get caught slipping. Well, that's how Davis dropped Garcia the first time. Got a little too aggressive, overeager, got countered. I think Bryant's got to get back to that jab. Against Oscar Dwarte, around 50% of his landed punches were jabs. He's talked all week about the importance of the jab. He's got to start sticking it out there to give Deon something to think about. I didn't think I was going to see this this early. I love the fact that David Haney has Garcia on the back foot. Now Garcia's not as good on the back foot as he is on the front foot. That's mental and physical pressure being applied by Deon Haney. All right, round five. Garcia started out redhot since then, has cooled off considerably. Earlier in an interview, Eddie Hearn questioned the conditioning of Ryan Garcia. He said in the later rounds, he thinks it will show that Garcia didn't do the work needed to be done in the leadup. Let's check Chris Manis' scorecard. Yeah, I've got three rounds to one in favor of Deon Haney. First round, easy round to score for Ryan. Landed that big left hook that bobbled Haney. Had him in real trouble. Since then, Devin has gotten back to what he does best, operating by the jab and slowly putting the pressure on Ryan. He has become the aggressor in this fight. That's what champions do, man. They get hit with something like that. They got to adjust on the fly. And look for a way to win from Haiti. Remember a big argument ensued the other day with both fighters saying, "You won't meet me in the middle of the ring. I will. You won't." Well, right now it's Haney who's pushing Garcia already. Yes, he is. [Music] This is the danger when you face Deon Haney allowing him to get into a rhythm. He is a rhythm fighter. He got into a rhythm very early against Regis Program. Even though he had adversity early in this fight, he seems to be settling into a rhythm now. He does. And he's he has that that right hand right by his chin. Kyle playing a lot of pressure on Haney on Garcia. versus flashes of Fort Mayweather Jr. and this is the thing that Fort Miller was known for. He was good on the front foot looking for the knockout when Shane Mosley had him hurt. There was only that one moment of scare and then from there on it was Junior controlling. So let him go. Let him go. Let him go. Let him go. Watch the Harvey D saying watch the hold. I'm not exactly sure who he's talking to at these moments. The thing about Haiti is he makes you fight your fight. Garcia started off hot, but right now Haney is fighting his groove fighting right by him as well. Haiti certainly looks more confident right now. Ryan kind of looking for answers. Looks a little bewildered. [Music] Stop. Time of greatness and boxing royalty right now. Haney says he's a future Hall of Famer as well. Hard to argue. He's already won an undisputed title at 135, holds the championship here at 140, and is doing the business on Garcia, at least so far. But here comes King Ride. And it's a right hand of hurting Haiti again. I said it was going to be the right hand. That was going to be the key for Ryan Garcia. And he's proving that right now in this [Applause] round. Let's go. Time. and he tried to laugh that off, but the best moment for Ryan Garcia since round one. [Applause] What we've learned so far is that Ryan can be really good in spurts, right? He was really good in the first 30 seconds to a minute at the start of the first round. He was really good in the first 30 seconds of this round. But as each round has progressed, Deon has hard to move forward and take over. A lot of movement from Ryan. You wonder if that's going to zap some of his energy for the later rounds. And that's a knock on on Ryan Garcia. Yes, he has speed. Yes, he has power. Yes, he has popularity, but a lot of fighters, a lot of champions, people in the know say that he's a one-trick pony. And that trick is that left hand, but the right hand is the money punch right now. And there's that shoulder roll. No, but that was really back on him back there. Step back. I don't I don't like that Hardy Doc keeps warning Haiti with that right hook to the body. I mean turning back to Garcia turning his back, right? Step back. Step back. Step back. There it is right there. That right hook's going to be there all day if Garcia insists on trying to hide on that right side all the time. What do you do in a situation like that, Sergio, where Ryan is literally dropping his head close to the canvas and turning his back to death? You take what he gives you. You take what he gives you. And that's that's that left side. keep banging away. Constantly moving is Garcia, but he's not doing much with that movement. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] There's another left hook as Garcia sprung off the ropes. The referee Harvey Do let him take it. Sergio said he can't hit it back. Hey, listen. Keep going down there. He's giving him take it cuz it's a legal punch. If you remember, Canelo was having issues with Caleb Plant, but Caleb Plant giving him that left side. Canelo kept taking it. Sooner or later, it's going to land upstairs. Quick, get off his hand. Chris Manx is with Bill Haney. Bill, halfway through the fight. How do you think it's going? Well, he started out strong. He started out strong. [Applause] Albe down. Her he may be a one pony sick but that trick is enough that it's lethal. Can Garcia stun the boxing world the dream Haiti is going through a nightmare now. This is his moment. Can Garcia do it? holding it on for DI punching on the break. What a shame. Oh, foolish foolish by Garcia and they're taking a point. Didn't even get a warning. Nevertheless, Haney got some precious seconds to try and recover. That may have been a saving grace for Deon Haiti. [Applause] Garcia make and he's going to go down again. No, it's not a knockdown. What's the cameraman? Hades in the corner taking shots. Haiti better take a knee. Again, he caught him again and they're not going to call that a knockdown. Oh, that wasn't a knockdown either. A push down. But Serio's right. If he finds himself in trouble, he's got to take a knee. There's way too much time right now. A minute is a lifetime. This round has been completely chaotic. A point deduction for Garcia. A knockdown for Haney. Caught him again. And it's not the first right hand that's being landed by by Garcia. It's a second one because Haiti keeps dipping to the same side. Hades legs are just gone. [Applause] Garcia, did he punch himself out with 24 seconds to go? I don't think he's punched out. I think he's frustrated. You're frustrated by the holding, the clinching of Haiti and the referee not letting him or allowing him to fight on the inside with one hand. and give him time to recuperate. Well, Harvey Doc is a terrific referee and that certainly was a judgment call. We'll see if it turns costly for Ryan Garcia. He had several judgment calls that round. The point deduction multiple times Haiti went down. [Applause] Let's look at Chris Manx's scorecard quickly. All right, it's getting interesting here. 6665 in favor of Deon Handy. For the purposes of the scorecard, we're calling that last round a 98 round in favor of Ryan Garcia because he did have the point deduction. But Ryan closing the gap considerably after these last two rounds. Oh, he closed the gap and he got the respect and he has Haney on shaky legs. No confidence in the eyes of Haney anymore. The body language, the shot. Sergio, we saw Deon recover from that first left hook in the first round. They did pretty well later in that round. I still don't think he's all the way back. If you're Garcia here, Sergio, how hard do you go for the knockout knowing that you still have three, four rounds to go after this? Not yet. You that moment pass. That moment pass. Now you got to get you got to catch him flipping again. You got to catch him with that left hook. But center with the right hands. Marcia usually likes throwing away the right hand just to bait opponents in it. Check him with that hook. Maybe he can lure him in with that and go back with the speed jabs as well. In the amateurs, they fought six times, three wins a piece. This is game seven and it could still go either way. [Applause] What a fight. [Applause] We're worried about the behavior outside the ring of Ryan Garcia. But when the lights are on and the bell rings, this man could fight, man. He can fight. And it's something we discussed at the top of the show. Missing the weight the way he did was a bad look. It was disappointing, but it doesn't change that the fact that he can win this fight. He can't win a title, but he certainly still has the arsenal to win this fight. Haiti complaining about holding [Applause] the magic left hook of Ryan Garcia. But is that all he has? No, he has a right hand, too. And that's what that's what landed on Haney. Don't turn your back. Stop. What's up? Devin Haney facing adversity that he's never had to face before here tonight. Stop. Let's go. Jab is a key is what Derek James is telling Ryan Garcia. We know that. But what I love in that corner that was set right there was the angles. We never seen Ryan Garcia shift from angle to angle. And that's baffling Devin Haney. Ryan Garcia has had so many big moments, but then there's a lot of lols in between. Sergio, if he wants to win this by a decision, he's got to be more active between those spurts. He's not a volume puncher. He's not an active puncher, Tyler. He's the type of guy that just he has that much speed and that much power to catch you off guard. You could be winning the round with the hand. One punch changes that and one punch is enough for this kid. Oh, nice left hand by Haney. Let's check him with Chris Mann. Derek Ryan's had some spectacular moments in this fight. What do you want to see from him? More of what he did before. What's that? Back on the jab. Walking down with his stick. He gets it. Walking back with the jab with the key. Putting the pressure. Walking towards him with the key. He's had some moments where he's turned his back there on Deon. Thanks, D. Let's go. Haney better. Garcia better be careful. He's uh he's choking and then putting Haney on the on a headlock and he already does probably take a point if he keeps doing just that. Putting his arm around the neck, the back of the neck of Deon Haney. Derek James does not seem to like what Garcia is doing defensively. Chris, I was saying a few rounds ago when I spoke to them at the fighter meeting, you know, Ryan was talking about that shoulder roll and doing those kind of defensive moments and Dy's rolled his eyes at it. And what you just heard from him there was kind of a summation of his feelings. Power punches through round eight. Garcia 56 landed 23 for Haney. over double the output. I'm sure Haney is winning on jabs, but power punches go to the man from Victorville, California, who began boxing at the age of eight. There you go. Jabs through round eight. Haney 35, Garcia six. [Music] Oh, Haney got caught there. Little indecisive. Brian took advantage. See that? Look, there you go. That's what I was telling you earlier, Tom. That's exactly what he should be doing. Just aiming and ripping that body right there. Giving it to you. Keep taking it. Harvey D. It's legal. Couple clean shots. Garcia. Step out. Step out. [Applause] Crowd just loving what they're seeing here. [Music] Got some ice in the corner, but nothing's cooling down this fight right now. Three rounds left. up. Chris Maddox's scorecard through nine rounds. Deon Hades picked up the pace the last two rounds. 8683. But Ryan Garcia is effective just like right there. He is really effective. It's just not happening as frequently as it needs to happen. Oh, he's got it once again for a second time. It's Steven Hayo. 6 7 Haiti still is in control, but his chin and his legs are betraying him. 2 and 1/2 minutes to go in this round. The body shot by Ryan Garcia right now. Haney again stumbling [Applause] forward. Don't do that. Don't do that. Ryan's got to find a way to not smother his punches to keep a little bit of distance between himself and Deon. Can't let Deon grab and hold on. [Applause] Hey, stop. Last one. Last one. There you go. They're going to They're going to have to take away. They've already taken one from Ryan Garcia for punching on the break. They're probably going to take one from Haiti for holding excessive holding. I don't want to see any more points taken away. This fight's too competitive. He's turning his back on him. Let him go. It's a strategy that we just haven't seen really do before besides Garcia this last fight against Oscar Dwarte. Oh, let me go. Let me say. So, two knockdowns in this fight for Ryan Garcia. [Applause] Oh boy, you thought Garcia had a chance there. Oh, again with that left hook and now he's trying to finish him with the right. Brian Garcia is having the fight of his life on the biggest stage possible. Can he do it? How did Devin Haney stay on his feet after taking that shot? No fear, no respect. Ryan Garcia just walking through the front door. Doesn't care what's coming back. Too much power, too much speed, too much confidence. And who knows how much those three extra pounds are mattering in this fight. There we go. Take it back. How many people thought Ryan Garcia was going to do this? Kept the round a 108 round. One more knockdown. We take another point away. And how about the showmanship of Ryan Garcia with a bumbler punch getting the crowd excited. We are in the championship rounds. No one knew what to expect tonight considering Ryan's behavior leading up to this. We didn't know what to expect. I don't think anyone thought we'd see perhaps the fight of the year, but we're in the midst of it now. points decision. Stop. Stop. Stop. Run. Don't turn your back. I'm losing my arm. Questions about Brian's physical fitness have been answered. He's still going strong here. Oh, no one could question that anymore. If anyone was expecting a mental breakdown, not going to happen. This is a real fighter that we're watching right now on Ryan Garcia. He's taking it to the champ. And on shaky legs is Devin Haney once again. Yeah, that left hook from Garcia caught Haney right on the ear. Oh, Garcia's trying to tell his dad stop the fight. You got miles to go before that happens. You know, right here in New York City and Lomachenko did that to the trainer of Richard Comey. Turns out the fight went the distance, but definitely some showmanship there for Ryan. Let's go. He's on. Let him go. How many people picked Ryan Garcia by decision? You'd be a rich person if that happens. Still have 4 and 1/2 minutes [Applause] left. Can Haney muster up the strength? Who? Oh, for the third time in the show. 5 6 7 8 9 Ryan looks right over at us and shakes his head. Stop. Stop. Stop. What was supposed to be a crowning moment in Deon Haney's career has turned into a disaster of epic proportions. He's still in it though. [Applause] The crowd is on their feet as they have been for the past few rounds. Caught him with an uppercut on the inside. About 10 seconds to go. [Applause] hand is that good. Sometimes that's all you need. Yeah, but it's a right hand that sets it up. See right there? The right uppercut. Let him go. Who would have thought in round 12 it would be Devin Haney that needs a knockout to win. Here's Chris Manage's scorecard. 103 102 in favor of Ryan Garcia. back-to- back 108 rounds with the knockdowns that have given Ryan Garcia the lead on my scorecard. Boy, a really close fight. I'm sure many Garcia fans think it should be a wider discrepancy than that. Could it come down to who wins the 12th set behind the last one? And how big will that point deduction play for Garcia was penalized for hitting on the break. [Applause] A reminder, Garcia cannot win the title with the win since he missed Wake. But Haiti can lose the belt. Let's go. Let's go. We've never seen Deon Haney have to face this type of adversity. In fact, nothing even remotely close. Stop. Stop. Let him go. Let him go. An enthralling encounter in the Big Apple. Will we perhaps see more twists and turns here in the final buck 15? Right hand lands for Garcia trying to catch him again. Quick. That right hand hasn't missed all day. It just zeros in. Wherever Deon Haney's head goes, the right hand falls. It's like a radar right hand for Ryan Garcia. [Applause] I don't know. Should Garcia be trying to win this round? Kind of moving around a lot. Needs to have a final flurry here with 30 seconds to go. I don't think either fighter can feel comfortable about winning this spot on the box. What a fight. What a show. What an event. You know, this was built as the rubber match between Ryan Garcia and Deon Haney. Fight number seven. After this, I want to see 8 and [Applause] N. And here are the totals. Judge Max Duca scores his contest even 112. [Applause] 112 Eric Barlinsky 114 110 Robin Taylor 115 109 your winner by majority decision King Ryan Garcia Yeah.