Kind: captions Language: en Well, hello everyone and welcome to today's e press conference as we countdown to a big night of boxing heading to Stockton, California, USA, December the 13th live on the zone. Of course, in the main event, Diego Pacheco takes on Kevin Sago in what is a hugely important fight for both in the 168 pounds landscape. But how about this for a co-main event in the lightweight division, Gabe Flores Jr. unbeaten since 2022. Full of self-belief and confidence, WBO ranked number four lightweight in the world. But standing in his way at a shot at the world title, potentially next, the winner of Sam Notes and Abdullah Mason, which takes place in Riad very soon, is twotime former IBF world super featherweight champion, Mr. Joe Cordina, ranked number six with the WBO, who has big plans of his own to become a two-weight, threetime world champion in the next 12 months. Very happy to say that both Gabe and Joe join us now as we countdown to what promises to be a big night on the West Coast. Gabe, let's just start with you back in Stockton. Massive fight for your career. just tell the boxing world, the boxing fans what this fight with Joe Cordina represents in your story right now on wine. &gt;&gt; It's just another level up uh climbing the ranks. It feels good to be back in Stockton. My best performances were there. So, uh I can't wait. I feel like each fight gets better and better for me. &gt;&gt; And for you Joe, welcome. You've boxed at the biggest of stage on matroom shows on the zone at 130 pounds down super featherweight. This though the big US debut. What does this fight mean in the Joina tale? What do you think? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, obviously it's [clears throat] um just getting back where I believe I belong at the top. Obviously, Gabriel, I've watched him a couple of times over the years. Good fighter. The better the opponent I'm I'm in with, the better I perform. So, yeah, I know what to expect. I know he's tough. Um good fighter, but so am I. So, yeah, I'm looking forward to it. &gt;&gt; How do you feel about heading into his backyard, Joe? I've been to places where I've gone out of my comfort zone. Not in their backyard, but no one's there. Don't they can get in and fight for for him. They people can't get and fight for me. It's only me and him in the ring. &gt;&gt; Gabe, I'm just going to throw this uh quote in the mix just to stir the pot a little bit cuz why not? From your Instagram where you said prior to the fight being announced, you scared to fight outside the UK, Joe. Take off your high heels and lace up your boxing boots. Um, did you have any concern that this fight was going to get made? What was the thinking behind that post? &gt;&gt; That's what it was. I just wanted a fight, you know, uh, this fight got brought to me and I was excited and it sounded good cuz, uh, it's a fight that I thought of having in the past that I was looking forward to and, uh, it looked like it wasn't going to happen at one point. Uh, they're sending me other opponents and all that. So, I was kind of confused like why was that disappointed why it wasn't going through? So, I just got to had to poke the bear to make sure that happened. Why is Joe Cordina someone you've you've wanted to share the ring with? &gt;&gt; Uh I just feel like it's a great start to match up. I feel like I'll have the best performance uh with him. It's going to make me bring up my game cuz uh fighting a lot of these fighters I've been fighting is good, but uh when I see somebody that uh has a good name, it's going to bring me up and it's it's going to bring out the best of me. &gt;&gt; Cold feet. Joe, what was the delay from from your side? Was there a delay? &gt;&gt; I got told I was fighting in Monte Carlo the week before this fight. So, this wasn't even mentioned to me apart from when he he tagged me in the post. &gt;&gt; Like, cuz we were talking to Keer Rooney, we were talking to the team and they all told us, &gt;&gt; "Bro, I swear my kids, mate, anything happens to him." Yeah. And And I don't I don't make anything happen to my kids. Yeah. It doesn't It's not as if I'm I'm scared of you or scared of this man or scared of that. As you know, cuz you're a fighter. I'm not scared of no man, especially who bleeds and got two. &gt;&gt; That's the past. Now, we got a fight coming December 13th. 100% it's done now. &gt;&gt; Yeah, 100%. And do you know what? Yeah, I always thought maybe we'd cross path at some point, but now we're here. &gt;&gt; Now we're here. &gt;&gt; I do want to just ask this question. This is probably an open one to both of you. It's build on the poster. That's Flores versus Cordina. Who do we believe the aside is at each stage of your career? &gt;&gt; I mean, we're in my hometown. We're in Stockton, California. Uh, I've been feeling good. I've been doing good, you know. So for surely me by far &gt;&gt; it'll only be the fact that he's in his home time. He he feels it's the the aside because if you go down to to achievements and resumes and and who for who I would be but it don't really matter who's the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] aside. I I don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] who's the aside. I'm coming for a fight. &gt;&gt; Gabe, as a uh as a fighter, just um tell us what you think about Joe Cordina. How good is he in your opinion? &gt;&gt; Oh yeah, he's pretty good. you know, I mean, his resume speaks for itself. You know, he's a former twotime world champion. Uh, he's technical. He's pretty sharp. Good fighter. &gt;&gt; You, Joe, what what level do you think Gabe is at right now from what you've seen in &gt;&gt; I know I know he's a good fighter. I know he's tough. The step ups you've had to that that world level. Um, he just fell short. But it's not saying that he ain't world level. He's um he just might have been some in in the ring with someone that's he just not he can compete with stylistically. &gt;&gt; What do you believe an open question again to to both of you. What do you believe makes you the better man? What separates you as fighters do you think? &gt;&gt; Uh I just think it's my ring IQ. &gt;&gt; Like I said I've been I've achieved the everything that is possibly that is possible to achieve in boxing from the amateurs to pro. So I just think you don't do that on luck. It's going to come down to them small percentages. I've been in them world title fights and I know what the pressures are like and yeah, okay, this ain't a world title fight, but it's an eliminator for a world title. I've done 12 rounds plenty of times and them extra couple of rounds is a big difference and they're the rounds that will show on on the night. &gt;&gt; What sort of fight do you you mentioned about this maybe going into a shootout, Joe? What sort of fight deep down do you really see unfolding here? Listen, I say it could come to a shootout. Yeah, I believe it will come to a shootout, but I've been wrong before. I've I've gone into a fight, my last fight, thinking that this fucker's 19 and0 with 17 knockouts or something like that or whatever it was. He hadn't he gone the distance. So, I'm thinking he's coming for a Mexican [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] shootout. And he come and started boxing, moving, and they wouldn't watch much videos on him. And I thought, Raz, this this threw me off a little bit. Okay, no problem. we just walk him down and whatever we get to him at some point, but it could come to a shootout. It could come to a um a box like an out and out boxing match where we got to think I'm ready for everything. I've I've you've seen me been in a fight where I can I can punch. I've shown I can punch. Then I've been in a fight where I've had to um dog it out. Then I've been in a fight where I've boxed their heads completely off. So I've done I've done it all. But we don't know until we get in there. Yeah, I know he's a good fighter. I know he's tough. Um he's had a lot of fights. He's experienced. So until we get in there on um the 13th, we won't know until until then. &gt;&gt; How do you see it, Gabe? On the flip side, if it goes to a shootout, does that does that suit you? Do you think &gt;&gt; it suits me? I welcome that. I like that. You know, it's music to my ears. &gt;&gt; Where do you think you can go, Gabe, in this sport? As Joe was saying, he's he's been a world champion twice, beat two world champions on two occasions, but this a big breakthrough chance for you at 25. Where do you believe this journey can go? &gt;&gt; Oh, as far as I want to take it. I feel like I'm going to win world titles. I'll go up and win world more world titles, but right now we're focused on December 13th and I feel like that's where I'm going to prove where I could take it. You know, I could say this and that, but this December 13th, that's where I'm going to prove how great of a fighter I am. What is your why, Gabe, at this stage of your career? Like when you think about what it is that motivates you most at this stage, what is it deeply? &gt;&gt; Yeah, my why uh it's from our city. You know, that's a big part of it right there in Stockton. Uh growing up tough tough over there, there's a lot of people that uh don't have a lot of hope, don't have a lot of belief to do something big. But uh I'm coming in and uh shooting to win my first world title to show everybody that they can do it. I got my family on my back. I mean, I got I got some wise, man. And uh my mom's up there looking at me, you know, uh lost her back in 2013. It's another story, but uh another reason my wife, &gt;&gt; what were you saying there, Joe? Sorry. &gt;&gt; I said just god bless her. My wives are um my children. I've still got ambition to win world titles, but the my main focus is being able to provide for my kids, make sure they eat every single day and have the a better upbringing than what I did. Eddie Hearn has basically said, Jensen, that this will serve as a final eliminator for the winner of the big one in in Riad in a few weeks time between Abdullah Mason and Sam knows. Just out of interest, how do you both see that one going if it's one you're familiar with? &gt;&gt; Uh, I say Abdullah takes it. Uh, he's a great technical fighter. Uh, I watched him. We're both signed to Top Rank at one point, so I seen a lot of him. I think I think he takes it pretty good. I'd say yeah, Abdullah Mason. But then you see what he was like uh when he got hit on the chin by that I can't even remember who his name was. Um he got put over a couple of times. And Sam Nooks can punch. So um and I've never sparred Samos, but um even Jac said he's one of the hardest hitting fighters he'd been in with. So, uh, yeah, on the first on on first thoughts, it would be Abdullah Mason, but I'd never I wouldn't put it past Sam to come out victorious and, uh, become world champion. &gt;&gt; And ultimately for for you both, if you win this fight and you want the winner of that, is that how you see this victory leading? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm hoping for it. I'm hoping for it. Well, that's that's what we that's what we're in this game for and this is what we we've been uh told that it's a final eliminator for a world title for the WBO world title. So, yeah, when we obviously the winner of this gets um gets a winner of that and and and and and that's the way it's going to be. Just finally then lads, before we do let you go, can we have a little prediction when you do visualize the fight? Gabe will go to you first. How do you believe you beat Joe Cordina? tell the boxing fans and tell him as well. &gt;&gt; Honestly, uh I don't see it as going to be something like a shootout. I see a domination to be honest from my side. Uh I'm prepared. I felt great. Uh I've been having great sparring. It's just I've been climbing. I don't think it goes all 12. &gt;&gt; To be honest, I don't see it going all 12. But listen, I've been wrong before. It could go to points. Um yeah, but I'm just I'm going to get the win. Don't worry about it. Do you have a final message for each other before you meet in [clears throat] fight week? &gt;&gt; I'm just glad you signed the contract. We get it on December 13th. Man, &gt;&gt; just make sure you do your work, bro. &gt;&gt; Don't mind that at all. Look forward to this one. Your co-main event December 13th live on the zone from Stockton, California. Gabe Flores versus Joe Cordina. Massive world title. Implications for the winner. Jent. Stay healthy in the rest of training camp. Thanks very much for joining us and uh we'll see you five