Kind: captions Language: en Ladies and gentlemen, from the Font and Blue Las Vegas, Nevada, live on the Zone, it's now time for a special flyweight title attraction set to make his ring walk. Please welcome the Argentinian challenger, Elon Augustine Galto. [Music] [Applause] Elon, which means the airplane, Sergio. But you didn't need me to tell you that. No, I did not. But I'm I'm wondering why. I mean, does he fly like that? Does he fly like a plane? I I don't get it. But Elon works for me. Well, he's won four consecutive fights. Clarissa, three by knockout. What do you expect to see from him as he takes on the toughest test of his career? Who's the toughest test? What's that? Which one? Glow. You find it's going to be his toughest test ever for Galto. Man, you know what? But when you're doing those step up fights, man, you just got to go in there and just one stick to the game plan. Stick to the game plan. Let your hands go and see what you can and what you can't do. You have to figure it out round by round. I've seen I don't know if I said his name right. Yafel. I've seen him fight a few times. He's very sharp, slick, uh, slick, and he changes up his style every few rounds. So, you don't know which guy you're getting. [Music] And now entering the arena, please welcome the undefeated defending champion from Birmingham, England, Gal Yi. [Music] Gal Yafi, Chris, is he the goods? That's what everyone wants to know. He looks the part. He's got the gold medal. He's got the smile. But can he win a pro title? You know, I I I just am not sure yet. I've seen a lot of good things from Galia. I love the pressure that he brings to his opponents every single night. He obviously has the pedigree, but he does get hit a considerable amount for a guy fighting in this weight class. So, he's going to have an aggressive fighter in front of him tonight. I'm very interested to see how he responds. Yeah, you know what? He reminds me Gala reminds me of another fighter with uh Yemen's parents. That's a great to see Ahmed. You know, it was awkward, but Ahmed had power. You know, he was about to get hit. You know, he had that that that unorthodox style from the south. We got another southpaw here that can fight unorthodox and get by, but he doesn't have the chin or the power of Nasim Amed, but he does have the footwork, the angles, and everything else. David. Ladies and gentlemen, from Las Vegas, Nevada, USA, live on the zone. We are set to go with our next bout of the evening. And it's all being brought to you courtesy of Mr. Eddie Hearn of Matroom Boxing. We're sponsored by Bet Online, Stagefront, Everlast, and Riad Season. This bout is sanctioned under the opices of the Nevada State Athletic Commission. The chairman is Dallas Han. The executive director is Jeff Mullen and the World Boxing Council. The president, Maicio Sullean. The supervisor is Michael George. Introducing your three judges. Scoring this contest from ringside. From Nevada, Tim Chino from California, Max Duca. And also from Nevada, Lisa Jampa. And at the sound of the belt, your third man in the ring, referee Raul Caes Jr. [Music] And now, ladies and gentlemen, 10 rounds of boxing scheduled for the WBC International Flyway Championship. Introducing first the challenger. He fights out of the red corner. He wears white with red trim. Official weight 111.2 lbs. His professional record, 21 victories. only one defeat with 15 of his 21 wins coming by way of knockout present elu de la Iris Argentina del cavios here is the former WBO international light flyweight champion Elon Galto and his opponent across the ring fighting out of the blue corner. He is the defending champion. He wears gold with black trim. This southpaw scale 111.6 lb. His professional record perfect. Six fights, six victories with four of his six wins coming by way of knockout. He fights out of the West Midlands, Birmingham in the United Kingdom. Here is the 2020 Olympic gold medalist and reigning, defending, undefeated WBC International Champion, Golai. All right, gentlemen, receive the instructions in the dressing room. Know what I expect? Good clean fight. Punches here for you. Punches here for you. Touch. Good to both of you. Gal Yafi the younger brother of former WBA super flyweight champion Khedifi. Former Commonwealth super banweight king Gamal Yafi. Born from Yemeni parents. That is a great boxing family for sure. But tonight Yfi will have to face this man Austin Gao. who believes he has what it takes to dethrone the Olympic gold medalist. Live from Las Vegas, Nevada, Todd Gisham, Caressa Shields, Sergio Mora, and Chris Manx here ringside. Ka comes off fast. Quick hands. You can see the combinations right there. He's going to Yi's going to have to deal some quick hands, quick combinations, but there is opportunity, especially with that left hook for Yafi, especially if GTO gets over aggressive. Uh, too over aggressive. Yeah, I want to see what the punch resistance is like for Gaoto. When he was stopped a few fights ago, he stopped that light flyweight. So now here he is up at flyweight. Little bit different level of puncher here. Yeah, he fight looks bigger in there, doesn't he, Sergio? Yes, he does. The shoulders are wider. He feels out the muscle a little bit more. Watch your hits. Max, you know, it's interesting. I was asking Galia 5 what he thought of his last fight against Roco Santais, and he thought it was fine, but he thought that the three of us maybe didn't think it was quite that great. He's obviously got a little bit of rabbit ears about what people are saying about him because there is pressure on Galia 5. When you come into pro boxing and you're fighting 10 rounders right away, there are expectations. And it's pretty clear from talking to him that he does feel some of those expectations. Well, he's feeling some of these punches. Yes, he is. Cuz Koto's sitting down on everything. And the reason is not only cuz he has that earmuff defense Yafi has, but he keeps his head in the same line of fire. He's He doesn't move. He's He's always down the pipe with the right hand. See, look. The head doesn't stay still. Even though the punches are coming from everywhere, the head doesn't move. So, a puncher could just catch and counter with something looping and and your fight's head's going to be right there. There it is. See downstairs then back upstairs for Galto. Galto has popped especially on that left hand. He's coming off a third round knockout over Ernesto Martinez. That was just 85 days ago. So quick turnaround for Gala. Yeah. He says this is a dream come true for him. He had the best camp ever. He had his whole team, you know, he fired his whole team and now he has new trainer, new camp, prepares differently. Very confident and prepared for this fight. Straight down route one. A left hand splits the guard and the Argentinian may be ready to go here in round one. Right on the button. He had his hands up, but it penetrated the guard of Galo right there. And that's the problem with that earruff defense. Yeah, I was just going to say he's landing a good amount of punches, but he's feeling everything that Yui is throwing back at him. Clarissa, what do you think of the earmuff defense? You a fan? Um, no. I'm really a fan like just the just the head movement and keeping their hands like on a on a chin. But, um, these guys are punching at each other hard. And this is first round. My goodness. 10 seconds. Galto started hot but if five probably won the round [Applause] stop loading up with a left hook. Stop loading up. You not landed one. Straight shots the shot that caught him. You hit him with a straight shot down the middle. Listen to me. Straight shots down the middle. Keep missing you mixed up. We're like his brother or something. I need you to focus straight shots for a little bit more. Straight one, two down the middle. Jab, jab, backhand. All right. Okay. Get around him, but don't sit there looking for a big left up cuz he'll catch you back. All right. You've hurt him, but he's going to be swinging back every time you punch. So, a little faint, a little movement, straight down the middle and short hooks. Okay. Don't go wide enough. Are you listening? Yes. Composure. You hit him when you start. Clean punches right down the pipe. One, two. Simple one, two from that left-handed stance. caught Galo right on the chin. You see the knees buckle right there. Anytime you have the the the guard up like that, you think you're protected, but not by a a sniper and a puncher like Yi, who's so polished with his punches. Yeah, Rob McCracken in the corner between rounds. Effectively asked for the exact same thing. One, two, right down the middle. That shot's there. There it is again. Stop. No, no, no. Don't push. Don't push. No knock down. Ro Kaiz Jr. our referee in charge. We saw him with an expert display of refereeing last time we were here in Las Vegas. The Cosmo Floyd Scoffield fight. Kid Austin who won by disqualification handled that really well. Alto's bound to get dropped by that left hand again. He's not moving his head and his his face his chin is right in the line of fire of that straight left hand. There it is right there. He's not going to move. He's a sucker for it. Don't rush. Don't rush. It's a Jonas Brothers song. Sergio, what? You listen to Jonas Brothers? I I have three daughters under the age of 12. I've got posters on my wall. What are you talking about? Clarissa. Jonas Brothers. Justin Bieber. I'm more of a fog hat guy. I think you're right, Sergio. I don't know that Gala has the skills maybe or or the temperament to get out of the way of those punches. He has the skill. He was just taught he was taught wrong. You know, he just stays right in front of his opponent with his hands up thinking he's safe. He's not safe with an elite puncher with a polished and crisp puncher like a fly. Well, he's got Marcos Maidana in his corner. What should he be telling him? Yeah, Mdonna had big power and he took a big punch. That's not It's not the case of a Austin Augustine though. Looks like um your fight is just too strong for him. Forato trying to palm away with the jab to set up the left. Love I love those angles. That's the thing about these these fighters, man. With with such Olympic pedigree and Olympians, the footwork is just brilliant. You know, they catch that angle and if they have that advantage of being a southpaw, they exit to their right. The opponents don't know where they went. No pushing. No pushing. And much like Kyle Nicholson in our last fight, just looks so composed, doesn't he? I mean, look at that four punch combination. It was two hooks and two uppercuts. It's very difficult combination to throw. It takes a lot of athleticism. The fight makes it look easy. The body shot by Galto finally there. Galto still trying to find a way in. He had some success early in round one, but since then the left hand has been the damaging shot for Galia. The straight left hand right up the pipe. 10 seconds. It's your birthday. It's your birthday. It's your birthday. One daych. [Music] This is agility at its finest right there. That's a difficult combination right there. Straight one, two, and then popping him and then coming under the guard with uppercuts all while shifting his lower body. Just brilliant footwork. It's lovely to see up close by Galia fight. Clarissa, you don't think this is going to last much longer, do you? No, I don't think he goes no more than five, six rounds. Looks like Gate is taking a whole lot of punishment and he's just not going to um he's just not going to move his head. And just like earlier, look like it's two different guys in two different weight classes. Like your fight is like extremely bigger than Gate Tamil. Is it just me? Well, Yufi has done nothing but scheduled 10 round fights as a pro. You don't hear about that very often. He completed the 10 round distance in just his third pro fight against Gohan Rodriguez Garcia and in his most recent bout against Roco Santoaro, but he wants a knockout tonight. And you think he's going to get it? He sure is touching Elon. If he doesn't get the knockout, you know what I'm going to blame it on, right, Chris? What's that? The white gloves. It seems like everyone's wearing white gloves. What's wrong with white gloves? I already said it. They're conspicuous. Easy to see. It's a dark room in here, right? Everything in everything in the background is dark. The only thing you see is the white gloves in front of the face. So when when you're seeing your opponent in front of you, the the gloves just pop out. Well, he's seeing those white gloves cuz they're hitting him in the face. Sergio hit him right in the eyeballs right there. Uppercut with the right followed up with the straight left. Everything smelling like roses for Galafia. Everyone dreams of fighting in Las Vegas. Making the most of his moment in the spotlight here. The mecca of boxing. These UK fighters definitely uh you know soaking it up here in Las Vegas. Shining just like Sky Nicholson. Now you see Galia Fi, another Olympian having fun in there. You know, potshotting, shifting, moving, not getting hit, keeping his range, keeping his distance. It's power boxing. Beautiful power boxing there by See, without a jab, you know, GTO is not going to break that distance and he's not going to get close to breaking that range. And that's going to favor Yi and the footwork. You know, if you can't stop what's in front of you and you keep shifting like that, a jab's not going to, you know, you're not going to slow him down without a jab. Great three-punch combination there from YFi. Two upstairs, one to the body. Excellent work. And EFI may not get the knockout in the ring, but his corner's got to start asking questions here pretty soon. He's taken a lot of damage. [Music] Brooklyn, New York, USA. The host of Haney versus Garcia. Saturday, April 20th, live on Don. Sergio, have your mind changed about that this fight? what's going to happen over the past few weeks considering the behavior of Ryan Garcia and the dedication we've seen from Haney in his training camp. You were with him yesterday. No, even before uh even before the concerning tweets and the talk and everything going on in Ryan Garcia's personal life, I've always favored Deon Haney in this fight. I think he's a brilliant fighter and I think he's going to he's going to be able outmatched. Ryan Garcia is going to be outmatched in this fight. We're certainly a popular opinion, but Ryan Garcia's power is real. The speed is real. He is going to be a dangerous fighter on April 20th. That is for sure. Buy it now on Done. April 20th live from New York. You know, he got speed. He got power. He always got a chance. Well, does Galto have speed and power? He He has a little bit of power. I mean, 15 knockouts in 21 fights, but the speed now. He's going to the body. Yeah, that's making some good noise. And that may have affected Yi a little bit. Maybe just to get him more angry, but it did it did get his attention. See, that's what I mean by uh you know, he is there to be hit with those looping shots. Gotto has the right idea. He's throwing the right punches. It's just like like Lissa touched on, he's a shorter fighter, so he's having to punch up. Goth has some pop though when he's landing the shots. Mhm. 15 knockouts in his 21 wins. He's only been beaten once. This was his moment to shine. But that light has been smothered by Galia Fi. Upper cut by a five. Look at him pivoting on that right foot and then shifting away. Oh. Oh boy. You know, it's remarkable how good Galia Fi has become. This was someone that boxed obviously when he was really young, but gave it up for a number of years uh when he was younger because he wanted to play soccer, you know, really took it back up when he was 17 years old, which is a late start if you're getting into high level boxing, but he has turned out to be a brilliant tactician. And Sergio, you don't like soccer, which I find stunningly surprising considering you're from East LA. Well, I never played soccer. I was always either boxing or roaming the streets sometimes both. That left from Galto just missed but manifi's not letting him breathe now. You know what I do notice about about uh boxers that or wrestlers and soccer players. Well, the soccer players have good footwork and the wrestlers are really strong, you know. So, I think it benefits boxers to actually play soccer or have that as a hobby. What other sports were you good at, Clarissa, growing up? You know, I was kind of good at everything. I played basketball. I played I played soccer, baseball, softball, and I ran track. People don't know I ran track and cross country. What? What was your event in track? Oh, 400. I got it in 51 seconds. Wow. Flying body shot there from Galto Sergio. That may be what his only game plan he should stick with now. Just hammer the body and hope for the best, right? No, he's actually looping shots and and landing on on your fight like that. See, punch. That's the only criticism I have of Defi. He gets hit with clean shots like that. Stronger puncher, you know, it's going to it's not going to be a good look the higher, you know, in class he gets. So he has to punch and dip and mind that defense, not fight so cool and collected and confident sometimes, you know, be mirrored. Las Vegas gets your free entry right after. We are headed to Puerto Rico. Ladies and gentlemen, it's Matias versus Parro making his second event to the IBF Junior Welterweight title. Matias in San Juan in front of a rockus crowd live on Zone June 15th. You want to talk about fights that can't miss? That fight can't miss. Two guys that come forward, [Music] good body shots. And we've been seeing, you know, the success with Gala going down to the body, but it's the hooks and the straight left hand by Gallayi and not giving an opportunity to Gouta to punch when he's coming forward because he's out smothering himself. Yay. The only thing he is doing, he's pulling back and the chin is up in the air a little bit too much. But other than that, Yi is looking good. The doctor's going to take a look here. I just want you to take a look at his eyes. Junior, tell him he's taking a lot of shots. Okay. All right. You're taking a lot of shots. Okay. And you got to protect yourself. Mouthpiece. Time in box. Well, that will certainly light a fire or at least it should light a fire under Gaoto because he knows they're looking at stopping this fight possibly considering the damage he has been taking. No, no, no, I don't think we've quite reached that point where a stop is warranted. I mean, Kallayalia is clearly dominating this fight, but Gate hasn't been really hurt since that first round. And he's, to Sergio's point earlier, he's been letting his hands go. Right below the belt line says the referee, there's a straight left hand that scores. Oh, he's wobbly. And you just keeps moving the target around it. Galto can't seem to find him. They call that a push. Don't push him. Galah apologizes and back at it we go. Nice combination there by a fight doubling up that right hook. Some good head movement by Gau right just clipped the beard and it got a smile out of you and nothing else. You know what that means though? That that got the attention of Yafi. One inch closer and I think that would have did more damage on Y right there. That was a clean punch. A looping shot. That may have gave Gateau some uh some confidence. You win a big shot like that. Kind of nipp halfway through round number five. Oh no. Yeah, the other left hand scores. Oh, pushing again. Okay, if be careful with that pushing on the second warning of Kai Jun, don't do that again. Says he's going to take the point next time he does it. Hands are free. Pull your arm out of there, Gal. Don't look. Galto still throwing bombs, hoping to land another overhand right. And those are the punches that Sergio says Yfi has been known to get hit with. He's vulnerable to those shots. He stays in the same place. Defense is picking up and he landed a great body shot just a few seconds ago. Another one there. Best round perhaps for the Argentinian. [Music] 10 seconds with the battle. Scores again. That rock. That rock. You're fine. You're fresh right now. Look at under him. Oh, don't get too comfortable. Hey, let's check in with Chris Manx. Who you with, Chris? Well, Todd, I'm with the newly minted 126-lb champion, Raymond Ford. Ray, what do you think of what you're seeing so far? I think it's a good fight. Uh, it's a lot of action. I think allow is is looking good. I just want him to throw that left uppercut. I think he can get him out of there with that. Surprised that Gaoto made kind of a spirited recovery in that last round. Yeah. Yeah. He he's a he's a warrior. He's a tough fighter and he's here for a reason. You're a month removed from winning your world title. Have you decided whether or not you're going to keep it? Whether or not you're going to move up and wait? Uh I didn't decide yet. Uh right now we just, you know, waiting to see what's going to happen and uh hopefully we get some news soon. So, we've heard you're not going to be part of the five on five in Saudi Arabia. Is that right? I don't know yet. We got to wait and see. If it's a 126 or at 130, do you have a hit list out there? Who is at the top of your list? All the world champions Foster, uh, Brie, I mean, no, uh, all the 130 world champions. Whoever it is, I don't know. Congratulations, Ray. Great fight. Great performance last month. Thank you. I appreciate it. Yeah, Sergio, I was watching that fight uh in Puerto Rico. I just finished calling uh the Jake Paul fight down there and man people were screaming at the TV when he came back in that last round and got the knockout. Ray Ford had to fight through adversity against a tough strong puncher and that's what champions do and he did it in the championship rounds and man I'm telling you Ray is built for tough and look at earlier this is the shot that I think rocked your fight. Look at his legs how they're going to buckle right here with that overhand looping shot. legs buckled right there. They weren't under them. And at the end of the round, here's another shot right there. Those shots are not supposed to be landing on an elite boxer puncher, but they're landing on your five because he doesn't move his head like he should. Accidental headbutt. An accidental head. I think your fight's cut too. Yes, he is on the left side. Accidental headbutt. We got a cut left eye. Blue corner. That's an accidental headbutt, but that's in a little bit of a vulnerable place. Should affect the vision of Yi. Let's see if Galto takes advantage. It's probably just going to encourage Gal to come forward. Help us. Yeah, he's like a bull that sees that red the red tape. And here's another complaint I'm going to have about these white gloves, Chris Manx. Once the blood starts flowing, he starts pulling at the eye, those white gloves are going to be full of red. Not going to be a good look being a bloody mess. I just like to point out that I am not gloss. I'm not pro white gloves. You keep saying that like I'm pro I'm a favorite. Clarissa, you want to chime in on the white gloves here? I've never heard that till today. It looked like he's still landing his punches fine with them being white as he's landing with them being red. I've never heard that. Yeah, it's something silly that Sergio says and we just kind of go along with it. But thank you for laying down the law. Go along with it. Can you see blood on red gloves? Yes. Yeah. Not as easily. That's true. As white gloves. Well, what about white trunks? Should not wear white trunks either. How about white tape? white shoes. Let's see if Yafi has weathered the storm and can pick up where he left off. There's Galto with a couple of running punches. Watch your hands, guys. Watch your hands. Here we go. The native of Wes, Argentina. 10 seconds. Sergio, are you sensing a shift in momentum or is this just a momentary blip in the radar? No, there's no shift in momentum, but this is just a typical Yafi fight. I mean, his brother fought the Cali fought the same way. There there's a vulnerability to them where they can be in charge, but at any minute it could change because they're they're vulnerable to big shots. Yeah. Have a dream. Have a dream. No, no, not Hey, Chris. I think we learned in the Tim Zoo fight how important a good cut guy is. Yeah, no question about that. There you see the headbutt just heads clashing as Galifi duck in to the right. See Gaoto there sliding in. Nothing intentional there from either fighter. But clearly Galifi Galifi got the worst of that. It's always the fighter who's winning the fight that gets the cut. It doesn't fail. with that push. Get a little close. Boy, they didn't do a great job of stopping the blood out of that cut, but sometimes you just can't do it. I don't think Sergio, it's in a terrible place for cuts. A little bit offset on the side of his right eye. Now, it's not in a bad place, but it's it's it's a pretty it's a pretty sizable cut still. Nice jab there on the inside from Yi. snapping little pop jab, but nice turnaround for Austin Gaoto who looked I mean two rounds ago the referee was having a doctor lookout maybe stopping it. He just landed a left hook. And Chris this week, Laafi was asked many times about Sunny Edwards, but then would bring him up on his own about possibly fighting him, if not next, very soon. What are you seeing from this performance that makes it more or less likely to happen? Look, I think a Sunny Edwards fight is one of the biggest fights you can make in this weight class, especially over in the UK. And I know Matroom is going to try to make that fight before the end of the year. But if I'm Sunonny Edwards, I'm watching Galifi. Yeah, I'm impressed with his offensive output, but I'm also seeing a guy that's hitable. I'm seeing a guy with weaknesses. That's a fight right now I'd favor Sunonny Edwards in. I'll tell you what, they should stay away from Martinez, though. Uh, Huda Caesar Martinez because Martinez loads up on single shots like that and he has the power to turn your lights off like that. So, yeah, Sunny Edwards is the right way to go and it's it's an interesting match up. I don't know, Sergio. Julio Caesar Martinez is a big puncher, but he also gets hit a ton in his fight. So, that would be a shootout at 112. A shootout. An exciting one. Yeah, but I'll favor Martinez in that one. Continuing to pour out of the cut caused by an accidental headbutt. It is so crazy that Gacho has still had that speed here in the seventh round. It's so sneaky. You don't even know when he's going to come with that fast hook or that fast right hand. That's what makes it sneaky. It's like sometime your fire is like falling asleep a little bit. No, he pounces on opponents and he has a quick pretty quick feet. Quick hands and quick feet. Galto does. Galto fighting the United States for the first time ever. It'll be memorable one way or another. Oh, big right again from Galto. And Todd, you asked Sergio moments ago whether there was a momentum shift or was this just a blip on Galia's way to win a lopside decision. I think there has been a momentum shift over these last couple rounds. I think Galto is winning rounds at this point. I I agree and and it started since the cut. You know, the cut changes things. with your five. If he can keep him straight and use his footwork, footwork is elite. If he can step back and use straight punches and pop with that jab, he can make it easier on himself. And the corner of your five really hasn't done a lot to close that cut. And I know it's difficult. It's in a tough place. It looks like a reasonably deep cut, but every time comes out of the corner the last couple of rounds, it's just looked like that cut has been waiting to bust open again. Yokavay obviously also suffered a bad cut in her recent bout against Senrad and they couldn't stop the bleeding coming out of that cut either and a lot of criticism online stitch Durant basically saying these cut men have no idea what they're doing good body shot there Galto Galto keeps landing that left hand to the body and and uh you fight keeps walking through him so it's not affecting It does look like uh your five punches have some of the steam is going out of him. Not like he had before. Have you been cut before, Clarissa? Under the eye. Never above. Sergio, I've been cut everywhere. And I'll tell And I'll tell you what, the cutman couldn't stop my bleeding either. Sometimes they did sometimes they did an excellent job. I mean, once in once in a while that just the blood couldn't stop, you know. As soon as I went out there and I started pawing at it, he starts bleeding again. Well, it certainly changed the dynamic of this fight as Yi is having his hands full with this Argentinian August Galto. Well, Gau told us that he was ready for this fight and aggression was going to be his key. He wanted to slow down the pace and the rhythm of the fight and I think he's done done just that. Winning some rounds and getting the respect of the Olympian. Big left hand then followed it up with a right but to his credit Galia handled it pretty well. Yeah, I think Galia senses something right now. [Music] Yeah, Galto's taking a lot of shots. Yes, he is. And you see Raul Kay Junior eyeballing GATO very closely at this point. He see you see a fight pawing him forward. Come come inside. I thought he was pulling the ref away like don't come over here too. Don't stop this fight. I'll tell you what is dogging him. Yeah, but he's getting beat out of him right now by around the ring and that is it. Galia Fi gets a very hardearned knockout win and he wants to hear what Chris Manx thought and Chris gives him a thumbs up. What grade would you give Galia? I mean I'm one of those fighters where it's like look you win, you get the win and that's what you go home with and you watch the tape. But I mean um he did everything well except move his head and not get caught with those shots. talking, you know, B, solid B. He just gets hit too solid for my liking on the elite level, but with bigger punchers, he can't be getting hit like that. But he, I mean, he controlled this fight. He showed courage. He showed it heart. He came over to Chris Mann and said, "How you like me now?" Basically, when he sees this, he's going to see that it was a more difficult fight than he thought. Well, Chris Caressa gave him a B. Sergio gave him a B. But what would you give a five? I give him a B. It was a good performance. I mean, he had a chance early on to get a stoppage. I thought he, you know, could have stepped up the gas a little bit more, but then took the cut, recovered, and gets a big knockout win. So, solid performance from the five and he had to overcome adversity. That cut was nasty. They couldn't get it to stop Sergio. And you want to see that from from fighters, you know, you want to see how they're going to react, you know, and and and he he passed the test. A little bit too brave, though, you know. So, that that's the thing about fighters like this. They have a lot of heart, but they got to check that heart and and box smart. Well, if you like the little guys fighting, we've got two of the best in the world going toe-to-toe in a summer shootout. Elgo versus Bam Rodriguez. Old school versus new school. Sergio, I cannot wait for that one. And I'm talking about boxing smart. It doesn't get better than Estrada and Bam Rodriguez. Both these guys have just a brilliant IQ. Bam with the footwork. Estrada with the combinations. I mean, it's a clash of beautiful styles. I can't wait. Well, here's a look at the stoppage. And credit to Yufi. He sensed the end was near and he just wouldn't let him run away from No, he wanted he wanted this knock knockout and and he got it. You know, it was it was a good stoppage. The thing about Gout, he wasn't going to go anywhere and Yafi wasn't going to drop him. You know, he was just getting peppered, backed up. The body language was gone. The feet, the footwork, the legs, they weren't there anymore. So, it was a good stoppage by Kais Jr. Yeah, I agree. I thought the ref stepped in just in just in time to save him because he wasn't going to lay down, but um I don't think he had too much more left to take in that in that fight. And Sergio, we don't spend a lot of time saying how good referees are, but Roa Jr. is quickly becoming one of the if not the best referees in the sport and we saw him in the elevator and told him in person and that's exactly what we're seeing tonight. David Diamonte makes it official. [Music] Ladies and gentlemen, referee Rahul Kais Jr. calls a halt to this contest. The official time of the stop pitch 2 minutes 40 seconds of round number eight, declaring a winner by TKO. He's still undefeated and still the WBC International Flyweight Champion, Gali. [Applause] And another knockout. Sergio, do you think he's ready for Sunny right now? Yeah, for Sunny. For Sunny Edwards, I believe he is because Sunny's not a big puncher himself. You know, he relies on footwork and and uh and speed and agility and he's a jabber. So, yeah, I think he's ready for a a champion, a championship caliber fighter like Edwards. All right, Chris Manx standing by with our winner. This should be good. Chris Gal, congratulations. You're already talking before I gave the microphone to you had something to say to me there right after you picked up that knockout. What was it? Yeah, I'm waiting for you to give me a bit of criticism, tell him how bad my defense was. Um, come on, let's hear it. No, I thought you were excellent offensively. He did land some punches during the course of that fight. What grade would you give that performance? Uh, it wasn't great. Um, you know what? Probably a C, something like it went great. You know, is I compare myself to the top boys and he come with a few shots. I got probably a bit too comfortable sometimes. Um, but he can punch, man. He's what's 21 to1 15 knockouts. So guys got to keep improving. Yeah. Did you think after that first round he was going to go you had him hurt very early in that first round. Looked like you might get an early stoppage. Yeah. You know what? I get too excited. That's um that can probably be my downfall in the future. Hopefully it's not. But um yeah, sometimes I got to be careful what's coming back. But I know he's a strong guy. Um but I'm glad it was over. But it was a bit of a struggle with his cut, but he's wise. I was going to ask you, how much did that cut change things for you and maybe maybe accelerate things a little bit? Um, I I probably tried to go a bit defensive after that, but the the the bad person inside me tried to kill him. Um, but my coach Rob's telling me all the time I need to watch defensively. Um, but he's what it is. You're also you're chasing a world title shot, but you're also looking at Sunny Edwards. That's a fight that Matchroom wants to make probably sooner rather than later. Do you feel like that should be your next fight? Fight after that. Where do you put that fight? Yeah, definitely could be. Where's Eddie? I know Eddie's trying to get Sun Edwards in the name. I don't want to shout too many people's names. Um, but yeah, if that a fight that people want and Eddie wants, then they can offer me a good chunk of money and may maybe we'll have a look at that fight if he wants it. Congratulations, Gal. Thank you. Cheers everyone, guys. Great personality on Galia Fi. Wish him nothing but the best, especially when it comes to that cut healing up quickly as we look at some of his handiwork. Sergio, and I like to hear that he wasn't really impressed with his performance. You know, it was it was self-aware. He gave himself a C. But I'll tell you what, he got an A with courage and the fact that he was pushing the fight looking for the knockout and that's always exciting. But you know, like I said earlier, fighters like these with so much talent. Galia Galia Fi has so much ability use it, you know. So right there, look, shots like that, you can't be getting hit with looping shots like that. The forwards there, but the upper body movements right there. But I like the punch selection. The combinations were flowing. He was in control of most of the fight. And even when Galto was landing some shots and trying to steal some rounds, you know, he came back and did what he had to do. So, like I said, a lot of heart, a lot of ability, but a lot of work to do. Well, Chris, you got to speak to the winner. You guys are coming best little buddies, aren't you? I love it. I said at the top of the show, it felt like Gal had heard a lot of things that were said about him, and obviously he some of the criticism about his defense at this point. I still think that defense needs a little bit of work, but he is a dynamic offensive fighter and I would love to see Galubai in with Sunny Ever. And like you Todd, I love the personality. Like Gal's always been a quiet guy. Come at me every single time you have a fight like that. PA. Let's see how