Kind: captions Language: en [Applause] Ladies and gentlemen, prepare yourselves for an epic showdown of two of the finest eight stone boxers England has ever produced. Tied by rivalry, tied by family, their paths were destined to collide. It's now time for Sunny Edwards versus Galifi. [Applause] Two family, two names. This is a family. This is bragging right. Chance for the Yafi name to death. Warriors blood flows through my veins. This is a chance to show their good family. Started by the eldest, finished by the young. It's going to make for one ele. This is the bloodline. Ladies and gentlemen, this is the moment of truth and there's no turning back. set to make his ring walk. Go hellify. [Applause] [Music] Well, yes, it's a family affair and family rivalry as we heard, but these two have been so respectful in the buildup here. But as we were hearing in the interviews we were playing out during the course of this evening, both of them carrying bundles of confidence into the ring and that must be one of the quickest ring walks we've seen in a long, long time for a fight of this status of this magnitude. Gal Yafi quite simply just wants to get on with it on the biggest night of his professional career so far. [Music] And now entering the arena, please welcome Showtime, Sunonny Edwards. [Music] Well, Sunonny Edwards has reveled in the role of pantomime villain for much of his professional career. This time flanked, as you'd expect, by his brother in the distance there, but also by a new trainer this time around in Chris Williams. and when he talks about his long association with the Steel City Gym and Grant Smith in Sheffield says there's no hard feelings that this was something he had to do at this stage of his career and at the age of 28 much more experienced in the professional ranks and yet he's three years younger than Gal Yak. Guys, [Music] this arena which has been home to some of the very best practitioners in this game. Nigel Ben and Chris Eubank back in 1990. Earlier than that, Donald Curry was here against Collie Jones who was in the corner earlier on here tonight with Taylor Be and also the great Zuma Nelson was here in beating Pat Cell [Music] Birming. It's about to get real [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] tasty right now. up [Music] by ordering a peaky blindness. Why put your lights up on your phones right now? Team Sunny Edwards comes in the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] building [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You got no pistol. You don't pop no pistol. So this night in the career Edwards, he was around this time last year. He was beaten for the first time and well beaten by Bam Rodriguez but came back you have to say admirably to beat another world champion Adrien Curiel although Curiel lost the title stage you talking nonsense Edwardion stat you my black son Heading out display so much confidence, but there will be nervous tension as well burning through us. We blew out. It's that tension and those nerves that help to fire and to fuel the reflexes that have brought him so much success in his professional career so far. are useless up against a man in the opposite corner who he beat in the amateur ranks way back in 2015. The rematch a long time coming has been such a wonderful and respectful buildup to this point. [Music] Ladies and gentlemen, good evening and welcome to Birmingham, England. We are live on the zone for the main event of the evening, 12 rounds of boxing for the interim WBC flyweight championship of the world. It's all being brought to you courtesy of Mr. Eddie Hearn of Matchroom Boxing. We're sponsored by Bet Friend. stage front au.com riot season drip and everlast this bout is sanctioned under the opices of the British boxing board of control the steward in charge Matt Harris and the world boxing council the president Maisio Sullean the supervisor is Mr. Charles Giles. Introducing your three judges. Scoring this title contest from ringside. From Scotland, Victor Lachland. From England, Mark L. And also from England, Kevin Parker. And at the sound of the bell, your third man in the ring, Aar referee, Mr. Lee. And now, ladies and gentlemen, the stage is set and we are here. This is it. The time has come. I said the time has come. From the four corners of the world to the four corners of this ring right here in Birmingham, England, the fight starts now. Introducing first, fighting out of the red corner. He wears gray with neon green. He scaled seven stone, 13 lbs. Professional record, 21 victories, only one defeat. He has four wins coming by way of knockout. Originally from Corn in London and now living, training and fighting at the steel city of Sheffield, England, here is the former IBF flyweight champion of the world, Showtime, Sunny Edwards. Edwards [Music] and his opponent across the ring fighting out of Linda Blue. He wears black and gold. This skilled southpaw scale with ready seven stone 13 lb 4 oz. His professional record perfects eight victories with six of his wins coming by way of knockout. Proudly fighting out of his home of Birmingham, England. is the 2020 Olympical Miss Ge. [Applause] Okay, lads, when I say stop, you stop boxing. When I say break, take a step back. Keep your hands up. Protect yourself at all time. Good luck to you both. Good luck. Well, they've spoken about sparring hundreds of rounds in the past over at the GB squad, in particular in Sheffield down the years when Sunonny Edwards said that everybody used to stop and watch. What can they produce here tonight with so much at stake? A lucrative 2025 awaiting the winner here. Two skillful operators who know each other so well. They know each other's strengths. They know each other's weaknesses. And a good right hook from Galai for the opening exchanges. What a brilliant start by the Olympic champion against a former world champion. A lovely shot. It was a short right hand. Come out of nowhere. He seemed to have touched down for a split second there Sunny. Fantastic start from Galia fight. And now looking to build on that. [Applause] He always thought he had to suffocate the space. He's done just that, hasn't he? There's no escape route here for for Edwards at the minute. And with those long reaches well that he has he can play from further out than than maybe you feel more comfortable at. Edwards looking for the escape route attempting to cover up but struggling at this stage and there's barely a minute gone in the contest. Brilliant start by the Olympic champion Yappai. He needs to move his feet, Sunny. Don't stand in front of Gala. He's still unsteady. This is a very very good tremendous start from Gala Yafi. Yafi landing solidly with the single shots. Punch picking brilliantly in the early stages here and there weren't too many who expected this kind of explosive start. Great work here from Closes with the feet as well. He's not not rushing his work. Another good left hand through the guard there as well from Yappi. Yappai head hunting at this stage. Just the odd shot to the body as we head towards the final minute of this opening round. You just can't find the space at the minute. Sunny, it's the presence. It's the aggression on the feet of your fire. He's not allowing Sunny to get any room to get his own shots off. Really, really good positive start this from Galia. There were those who asked the question, is this too soon for Yappai? The evidence of the first two and a half minutes or so is a resounding note. from Edwards hitting on the spin. [Music] He's got to keep that right hand up of his. He's looking for that long left hook. Yay. Needs to be very disciplined with that right hand position. Sunonny Edwards and St. Raphael applying the pressure after that early success in this opening round. But just signs that Edwards beginning to get his game together. [Music] [Applause] Told you not to load up. All right, relax. Breath. Give you listen. Four deep breaths. All right. I don't want you loading up. M single shot. Three deep breaths. Come on. And again. And again. And again. One more. Okay, I'll have a drink. Get out. You got to listen to me. You're going too wide and he's going to count you. Just one two jab every now and again. Two round the body. When that hook's on up, folks, throw it. But what I don't want you to do is loading up cuz you'll get pulled back. You listen. What an incredible start from Gala fight. That was it. It was like a straight left hand, I think. And then he just did not take his foot off the gas. And what he's done, he's forced Sunny to fight with him. And that's what he wants. Sunny was tough and he's brave, but if he fights him, he's going to get in trouble. But Robert McCracken doesn't want him loading up. And that left hand, the left hand caused damage in the first round of his Olympic final against the Filipino boxer Carlo Palam. Big factor in him going on to win the Olympic gold medal. Sunny, watch his elbows. A nice straight left hand from Sunny Edwards. Again, McCracken in the corner saying that Yafi was stepping in too wide and leaving himself open to a counter from Edwards. Big work there from Yafi. Not loading up as they were turning in the corner. Nice and relaxing. A good right hand again there from Yafi. after good work to the body. He looks solid. He really does get out of the fight. Very strong, power ball because he's long as well. If you like got that long reach, you can trying to time him. He's too far away. Good shot. Just holding his feet far too long. Ever doesn't need to be doing this. needs to be moved, needs to be unorthodox, annoying, but needs to be disciplined in his game plan. And this isn't it. Gal's brother Ganal at ringside is begging for the uppercut as Edwards was pinned on the ropes. And again, Yappi landing solidly. This has been such an impressive start to the man who's having only his ninth professional contest. I mean, he throws a straight shot like Yap. He turns his hand over as well. Good talk into the into the shot. [Music] [Applause] And successes like that have got the crowd into full voice here in this arena. Edwards attempts to fire back. Can he gain the respect here in this professional ring? But Lafai after all of those rounds in sparring such different circumstances here tonight. Again, the accuracy which is usually spot on from Edwards. He's not here. Good from him there, but still is landing with a cleaner shot. [Applause] Lots talked about the sparring sessions, but completely different when you got the head guard on, the big 14, 16 gloves. They're in there now with 8 oz gloves and the power of Gala so evident right now. The physical presence. Good left hand from Edwards in the closing stages of this second round. [Applause] [Music] Thank you. I standing too close to him, Matt. Standing too close. Have you got any? Have you got it in your legs to keep moving, man? No, I'm going to be real. I don't know what I mean. Don't be [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stupid. Like, don't be don't stop [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Listen, stop [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] feeling sorry for yourself right now. Stop feeling [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sorry for yourself cuz you had one bad [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] round. Bite down in your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] gum shield. I sort your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] head out. When you get against the ropes, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] move. All right. Don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stay against the ropes. That's where he's having his success. Keep your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] distance. Did he say there I don't know what I'm doing? It was along those lines. I think he was asked, "Can he move? Have you got anything in your legs?" And I think he said, "No, he doesn't. He can't move." And again, we've just seen more of the same there. Bullish. Hard-hitting display from Galia Fire. And in that replay there, almost a smile of resignation from Edward that he just couldn't get out of the way. Can he now find something in those legs? Sorry, he I don't want to be here. But that can't be right. He couldn't have said that. It's It's relentless. It's nonstop here. It is showing the urgency for a man who really wants this more than his opponent. Edwards again backed up onto the right but going there almost voluntarily. He doesn't want to be there. I I I think he said that this is not the sunny Evans we've seen in the past. [Applause] And you might ask the question, can he keep this going for the 12 rounds of a championship fight? But he's had some tough 10 rounders. Began his professional career at 10 rounds. He will be able to keep this going, Mike, because nothing is really coming back and that drains you when you're having to worry about shots that coming your way, but they're not so nothing to worry about anyway. And we just had it confirmed that Sunny's words in the corner were, "Can I be real with you? I don't want to be here." That's the last thing you want to hear. That's where you got to have that toll in your hand. Now, if your fighter your fighter doesn't want to know, you go try and stab your fighter out of that out that he doesn't want to be there. It's the last place to be. It's a dangerous place to be. And that's exactly what Chris Williams was trying to do. Big occasion this for him as well. Just great pressure fighting here from Yafi. Again, not loading up, not not getting carried away, not rushing his work. There has been a difference I think in the buildup here from Sunny Edwards. Very respectful. Wasn't really giving Galia any stick. Really a lot of respect. You you're watching this performance thinking is he content with what he's done already in boxing and has stepped the feet against Rodriguez last year left a lasting mark into the last half a minute of the third round still few signs of encouragement from Edwards fire in the build up and it's not there now Barry I don't think we can see it because in his last performance he fed really well said to the he looked You look fit. You look really good. Elusive. You got to give Yappai the credit here. He started off fast and he's punch punching the fight here on Edwards. Just the odd success. And that's drawing of course from the corner for Edwards. Just a fragment of hope at the end of that. A little bit of a better armor right when I'm noticing now. You can't move your feet. You can't move yourself off the ropes like I'm asking you to. Okay. So now that you're stuck up against the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] nuts and you can't move your feet, every single time he [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] punches you, throw a shot back. I want to counter. All right. Every single [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] time. He's not moving his head. We've worked on him not [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] moving his head for two [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] months. So start throwing some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] shots back when he's hitting you. Okay, that was a lot better. Follow up the opera with a hook. Every time you Every time you throw up the left, the right hand is down with that one. He's a boxer. Well, as ever, apologies if anyone was offended by the language there, but that's the urgency Chris Williams feels is necessary in that corner. And we got another close-up look at that huge gash which appeared in his last fight against Aduriel. And it is beginning to reen. You'd expect that to happen just a few months on from the initial injury. And again, Yappi drives his man back to the ropes. There's a lovely uppercut in that exchange there from just a second ago. Oh, again the left hand flush. That's more like there whipping the uppercut. Look at the shots thrown from your forehead. Over 100 more. [Music] He's responding though to the corners advice is starting to let his hands go but also there's bigger gaps isn't there for Yafa to land. [Applause] Well, Chris Williams did say on the basis of what Sunonny Edwards was doing in the gym that he could even make this look easy tonight. But that Sunonny Edwards has not turned up. The best Gan Yafi has as we head into the second minute of round four. And the pattern well and truly set as it has been from the first few seconds when Edwards went very close to touching down. Little bit of work from Yafi. Just a few seconds ago there had them on the ropes there. Edwards just took a little step back and Edwards fall short before he came back with some good work. [Music] Yeah, loose again. A bit more confidence back. Short right upper guy inside from your fight. That was a good shot. [Applause] Whatever Edwards is feeling emotionally. Can his fighting pride drag him back into this contest as Yakai has yet more success? He just cannot keep him up. It's the interminable throw now. Yafi has his man in his own corner. The blue corner. Edwards swaying, bobbing, waving, looking for an opportunity to throw the counter. But Yappi is just relentless. When he gets in the corner, Yappa, he just wants to throw straight punches, right? Just aim at that chin, aim at the chest or the neck. Just keep throwing straight ch on the line. That's a good shot. He's using the feet really, really well. Very subtle with it, but he's just taking the step either left or right. Yafi, it's a very good attack this. This is a long sustained assault from Yafi into the closing seconds of the fourth round. And it's a desparing look again on the face of Sunny Edwards. And they're heavy shots as well, aren't they? Off Yafi. Green in shots. [Applause] Tries to turn his man inside the left hook, but sees it coming and makes it miss. And a menacing smile at the end of that round from your fire. Legs out, legs out, breathing. Three deep breaths. You okay? Keep your hands up, mate. Don't give away that shot. All right. Every now and again, you drop your hands. Every time you drop your hands, he throws. All right, listen. Armad, body was a punch. Hold the ice, please. The back at the back. [Music] Again, just relentless pressure there from from gets him on the ropes. Works away with the hooks there. Straight line pass on down the middle. And it looked like for a little second there that Edwards didn't really want to know until he fired back. Show that bravery that he's shown in the past there, Edwards. and bit of a body movement but still the pressure and all the quality has come from Yafi. Tremendous performance so far from him. Round five. [Music] Yes. Great shot. Great shot again. [Applause] Sharp start to the round from Sunonny Edwards. But is this just flattering? The left hand there from Yay. Just can't keep him off him, can he? Yappire just looking so much the more powerful man in the exchanges here. [Applause] switching to the body. Yeah, really good attacks to the body from Yafi. The variation he stabs the right, the left into the body with the straight shots and he'll go wide with the hooks better from Sunonny Edwards just getting manhandled in there and he doubles up with that left hand really well, doesn't he? from the softball stands. Yeah. There was a jab to sometimes doubles on the left hand and that just catches every unaware. We're looking forward [Music] [Applause] to that step. There it is. Got a throw though when you when you take that step again moving his feet well you find little fraction out range a little fraction to either left or right then lets the shots go again. There's a nice little uppercut inside from Sunny Edwards there but just not enough and those successes are so rare. And when he backs off, occasionally he takes a huge lung full of breath. And there's an expression on his face that is one of a man he's on his way to defeat. Well, he's fighting to survive, not fighting to win the fight. There's a difference, isn't there? Yeah, he's spot on there, Barry. He is. Oh, and a gasp from sections of the crowd as Yafi now mounts another big attack with just under half a minute to go in round number five. Edwards does fight back despite wondering earlier on why he's in the ring. Yafi again, steps back, mounts another attack. Can't give Sonia huge credit there getting beat up in here. still trying to fire back. No quitting the man at all. [Music] Damage to his ear. Referee asking the doctor to head up into the ring. [Applause] And the doctor giving me all clear. Maybe that will introduce even more urgency into the work of Gal Yafi. [Music] When just lean on him or get around hands up all the time, mate. I told you if your hands are up, you can't either. Give me a little. Make sure you're throwing those hands back. You can't miss with your back hand as he's stepping in. Ed staying still. I mean, one more thing. When he gets up against the ropes and you feel like you've just taken too many shots, tie them up. Don't feel like you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] him out. He's getting tired going back there. Lovely left hand from your fire. Second out. Far too loose in defense there. Round six. Good barrage of shots there as he had suddenly backed into his red corner. Yafi virtually sprints from his corner to resume on the attack. Good shot. Bit of feet as well straight after that one too. Fantastic pressure. This this is a very good attack from your fire. You get that little quarter step you were talking about, Darren. Just need a different angle of attack. And was there just a desperate salvo from Sunonny Edwards there for the briefest of moments. [Music] I think the corner got to have a look here. Yappai dancing around his man giving himself angles here and Edwards just simply doesn't have the answer and the referee is asking Edwards to show him something here. This could be a big pivotal moment in the fight. Edwards in the neutral corner firing single shots. Will that be enough for the referee? Into the second minute of round number six and the referee steps in. And that is a quite sensational victory for Galafo. He had hit the champion. Takes a step closer to becoming world champion in the professional ranks. And the referee had born Sier Woods. And there was nothing coming back from the former world champion. And very few predicted a win of this kind for Galai who announces himself on the world stage in the flyweight division. Wow, what a win. What a statement from the Olympic gold medal fight. Huge. He said a win over Sunny Edwards would be more than the Olympic gold medal. Wow. What a way to get that victory. So, so impressive, Barry. It wasn't a stretch to say that he would win the fight. You would think that he that he was maybe an underdog, but to win it in that manner to bully a fighter of Sunny Edwards caliber, which is what he did tonight, there's no no stretch of the imagination, that's what happened tonight, is a phenomenal performance from a guy with a handful of fights. I know he's an Olympic champion. He's a full of experience, but as a professional, a handful of fights, and he just beat the best fight in the world, you have to say, I think, and he beat it comfortably. And you know there will be detractors who will say that Sunonny Edwards didn't turn up tonight because of that opening onslaught. He wasn't allowed to turn up. Yeah, you can't take anything away from Gala fight here. He started so aggressively with so much intent. You see here the referee was having a word. He said, "Look, you got to throw something." In fact, he tried a couple of shots there, but straight back at him was Gala by landing numerous unanswered shots. And I was saying the corner should have been having a look. The referee for me was spot on there. And anyone who mentions the bam fights, Sunny in his last fight, he never got stopped with the cut. He boxed tremendously well. He boxed brilliant. He looked like the old Sunny as good as we've seen it. So, and he knew how important this fight was for for his reputation in the UK as he as he perceived it and also to get back on the track of being a world champion again. So, this wasn't a fight where he become underprepared. This is about he knew what he had to do. He just got beat by the better guy on the night. That's what happened. then he'll accept that. And you see when he steps in here, the referee, there's very little in the way of protest. I mean, we know how tough Sunny is. He's shown it in the in the b fight, in fights that he's won, and in this fight tonight, cuz there was times there that he looked like he felt sorry for himself. He sended himself in the corner. It looked like he wanted to quit and he fight and he would fire back. Well, it's now three weeks away, the big rematch. Alexander Usyk against Tyson Fury. Can it be as exciting as it was first time around back in May? They go again in Riad December the 21st live around the world on the zone and you can find out [Music] Ladies and gentlemen, referee Lee Every calls a halt to this contest. The official time of the stoppage, 1 minute and 10 seconds of round number six, declaring your winner by TKO. He's still undefeated. and the new interim WBC flyweight champion of the world, Gel Empire. [Applause] Well, the bookmakers couldn't separate them in the buildup. It was virtually an even money fight. It turned out to be anything but with a quite brilliant performance by Gal Yafi. He wins an interim version, but that kind of form suggests that he might go on and win the full version of the flyweight world title. One of the four belts available. They've all changed hands this year. It's a moving feast is the flyweight division, but this man is very much a part of it. And that was a special performance. Special special performance. A coming of age if you like in the pro game for Galia. I mean the confidence that he will take from a victory like that against a former world champion. the manner in which he got that victory so impressive and also that and the control he showed it wasn't just it was all it was brute strength of course it was but it wasn't just that he did he didn't load up he listened to his corners tremendously well I would say that he didn't load up with his work and and then when Ron McCracker says stop throwing those wide shots he needed his his work up and he was so effective and he never left Sunny any escape routes never give any breathing space that was a standout performance well family pride they've The photos taken now. Let's get the verdict of Gala himself up there in the ring with Jamie. Well, Galia Fi, we'll get you turn around and and face the world and face the cameras. Congratulations, Gal. So much was made in the buildup. So much was added on to an already terrific matchup between two great fighters about pride and bragging rights and family supremacy, but ultimately all that mattered was what happened in this ring. What does this victory mean to you tonight? Yeah, it means everything. You know, Sunny's a great champion, man. Like I had to train my ass off for Sunny. I I don't like to say I was worried, but I was worried going into camp against someone like Sunny. I knew how good he was, so I had to train my ass off for this fight. So just thanks to everyone that's come out to support me, all my friends. I see a lot of peers around other boxers that have come to support me. Thank you. You say we know how good Sunny is. We know he's at his best when he's on the back foot and he can make fighters fall short and look silly. You came flying down the ring ramp and you came flying at Sunny Edwards from the opening bell. Why was that the approach? That's the way I always approach it. Like I just want to test him out, see what he's got. Um I think people underrated me. Like I don't like to brag too much, but I won Olympic gold. I was up against the best skill for boxers in the world. I said Kazak Cubans, they're great boxers like Sunny. So I was always used to that style. Um but it was just my night. Maybe another night Sunny would have beat me, but this night was my night. Sunny said all throughout the buildup, put me and Galia in a small space and it will be fireworks. Maybe we didn't quite expect it to ignite as quickly as it did, but how did the reality tonight compare to all the hundreds of rounds you've done over the years in sparring? Yeah, you know what? The sparring was brilliant. I ain't going to sit here and talk [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and say I'll beat him up and everything. Sunny's a technical boxer. He's at the top. He was former world champion. He He's number one in the ring magazine. He's not there for a reason, for no reason. Um, but we had great spars, but fights are different um as we're showing tonight. And you said it possibly might mean more beating Sunny than winning Olympic gold. How does the reality compare now? I'm not going to lie, winning gold in the Olympics is the best achievement I would ever do. But tonight was a better feeling beating Sunny than actually standing on the podium. And and that's just how good Sunny is. Um but like I said, I trained my ass off Sunny. I was worried in camp. I did everything I could. Well, let's bring in Mr. Sunny Edwards. It's great to see the respect. It's been incredibly respectful between two great fighters. Sunny, if we just get you in here, Sunny, commiserations. Um we feel the pain with you in this arena tonight. My obvious question is in your own mind what went wrong this evening? Um I don't know really. Gal started really fast. We knew he would but if I'm perfectly perfectly honest win lose or draw my team know this. Win lose or draw is retiring tonight. I don't have the same I don't have the same energy that that I had for the sport for the for the process. I'll be perfectly real. I mean I put so much in the first six seven years of my career that I just needed a break. I needed a break really before this uh fight, but you know I I always want to compete at the best and whilst I was the number one, I wanted to be in the involved in the biggest fights, the biggest events, but um I knew I knew I said the whole way that it was going to be hard tonight. But Sunonny Edwards from 12 months ago would have got longer than six rounds. I'll be real. Um I don't fully agree that the fight got stopped when it stopped, but you know, we he was throwing a lot and I weren't responding with a lot, but I didn't feel ridiculously hurt in there. But, you know, once Gal starts letting his hands go, it's hard to get away from him. We heard at the end of the second round, a lot was made of it on the broadcast. It appeared you said to your trainer, Chris Williams about perhaps feeling like you didn't want to be in here. We know you're a warrior. We've seen you dig in in the past, but perhaps when that fire and hunger goes, has that solidified this decision for you tonight? Do you know what I think for this? I think for the first time ever, I've been more thinking about and concentrating outside of the sport. my family, my kids. I've been, you know, going through uh some stuff in my personal life that I'm trying to set up for the future. But yeah, man, I knew Gala was uh going to be a hard fight. I said it the whole way through. Maybe I didn't think as hard as it turned out to be tonight, but all props to the best man. He he more than won tonight. And you know, if I was him, I'd class myself as a world champion. He just beat the number one in the division very conclusively. And if this is to be the last fight, Sony, how pleased are you that you've shared it with a Yafi? Like you say, Yafi and Edwards put these divisions on the map. It seems quite fitting. Yeah, man. I'll be real. I sort of achieved what I'd initially set out and I've always been waiting for this fight. You can ask Eddie. I said as soon as he turned pro, as soon as Gal wants it, let's go. And you know, the fight's here. I think it was a fantastic uh event. I'll be real. One of my proudest moments to bring a card and fight like this to the UK, to Birmingham. There was what, 7, 8,000 people in here tonight. It a surreal dream come true. But, you know, when you just ain't got that sort of same fire in your belly and you come up against someone that's still got it all to do and still really wants to do it, you know, the the evidence is there in the ring tonight. How far can he go in your opinion? H well, all the way. He's Olympic gold medalist and then his ninth fight. He he just beat the number one in the division. I mean, I remember what that was like what 3 4 years ago. So, yeah, I'm sure he's going to get a lot of confidence, a lot of motivation from this and hopefully he goes on and dethrons Taraji and looks good doing it. Gala, we'll bring you in just next to Sunny. Uh, an announcement that not a lot of us were expecting, but your response to that? Yeah, you know what? Sunny's been the top dog at our weight for years. I've going through the Olympics, I always seen Sunny there, I looked up to him like he's the world champion. He's a man in the division. So, I had to obviously fight him to become the man. So, um, Sunny's if he decides to trust her or not, it's 1-1 now. He beat me now. I beat him now. So, now, but all all jokes aside, he's been a great fighter, a great advocate for for our weight. So, congratulations to him. One thing I will say, everyone in the arena, put your hands together for Sunny Edwards. Sunny, you dare to be great. You were great. You achieved your dreams. You went to America. You became world champion. A big congratulations to Sunny Edwards. If that is the end on a tremendous career, Showtime Sunny Edwards, let's bring in promoter Eddie Hearn, but it's great to see all the respect with all the brothers because it did get a little bit feisty in the buildup. Eddie, a lot to debrief on there. Firstly, the fight. Yeah, I mean firstly I just want to say as well, you know, if that is the last we see as Sunny Edwards. All of us, all we want to do is see great fights and Sunny Edwards has the mantra real fights only. He's gone and fought Bam Rodriguez, he's fought Curiel and he's fought Galia Fire. So, he's someone that's continuously wanted to give British fight fans great fights. So, you know, he's going to be a big part of the commentary team moving forward, but he's given it everything. And tonight, you saw the difference between someone at the back end of their career and someone at the start of their career. It was an unbelievable ice cold performance from Galia Fire. I don't even think he was breathing when the fight was stopped and it was the difference between the new guard coming through a very special fighter. As Rob McCracken said, you just don't win Olympic gold and beat all these top fighters unless you're a serious talent and tonight he proved it in the professional ranks. It was an incredible performance. So Raji is the full belt holder with the WBC at flyweight. Is that the logical plan now? Yeah, for sure. Look, we want to bring the big world championship fights to the UK. He's going to be around for a long time. You know, we have someone else called Jesse Ban Rodriguez. One day those two are going to be in one of the biggest fights in the sport, but for now it's about capturing the world championship at flyweight and that hopefully is next. It's been an incredible night in Birmingham. We've continuously grown here over the last 18 months. We want to keep coming back to Birmingham with this incredible support and bring a world championship shot to Gala fight in his home city. Great stuff, Penny. Lots to debrief on. Back to you guys.