Kind: captions Language: en [Applause] Okay, gentlemen. I gave you both my instructions to dressing room. I want a good team fight. Remember to protect yourself at all times and you must obey my command at all times. Good luck to both of you touching. &gt;&gt; A monumental gamble, high stakes, remarkable risk for huge reward or ring failure on the stories of stages. is it's been hard to find anyone outside Kellbrook's inner circle who genuinely believes he can cause the sort of seismic shot that Sugar Leonard did almost 30 years ago in Vegas against Marvin Haggler or become a reigning world welterweight champion to dethrone a reigning world middleweight champion like Emil Griffith did back in 1966 but you never know in boxing. &gt;&gt; So many questions. Can he take Golovkin's power? Will he have the extra speed? Early thoughts. &gt;&gt; Broken car. &gt;&gt; Yes, nice thought by Bro. If he can use his jab and his speed, as you say, the welterweight speed and and handle the power of Golovkin, then he's in the potentially a chance with this. Um, I'm on the edge of my seat straight away because GK Mart's forward unless them thunderous punches go and you just don't know how Brook's going to respond when he gets tagged with them shots. He needs to jab and move. He needs to be elusive. Great jab there by Brooke doing what he does, backing his opponent straight away with no concern really. He's stalking. He's powerful. He judges distance so well. &gt;&gt; I tell you, Golovkin pressures, but he doesn't move his head. I've been saying it all week. It's the one I see and Kell is taking advantage with a sharp counter right hand before. Nice jabs, counter jabs. This is how you domesticate a pressure guy. But you've got to watch the big power touch backing Brook into his own. There's the body shot. He's hurt early on in the first round. There's the first one. He's being smart. This guy Golovkin has been knocking down light heavyweights and cruiserwaits in scoring and Kellbrook has never faced a middleweight in a ring like this. There's the uppercut. He comes back. What about these tactics as he tries to hurt [Applause] guys? Everybody makes gets in on purpose. I don't believe it. He never moves his head. Brook, he will give Brook chances to land that speed. &gt;&gt; I think we've had a question answered there straight away. and he's woring side of the left foot early on there and his legs seem to, you know, go for upgrades. He looks like he's recovered and he's he's resping [Applause] [Music] [Applause] calm through the pressure. This is what he's got to do. The guys tend to panic at this point right here and traps him. Brook stays calm and he counters well, but he's not moving. He's not using his leg, but that's the thing. You don't want to go into flight. You just want to take little steps here and there. And I believe Kell's got the right game plan here. You plant when doesn't come forward. So you can do &gt;&gt; Oh, big uppercut from Brook and a right hand. Great shots from Brook there in London. I'm not sure how responded to that, but it looked horrible. I tell you what, when was the last time Golovkin was backed up and if Brooke can do that, even momentarily, the confidence will just be running through his mates. I like how Book is not in flight. He's just taking little steps. He's planting and shooting and making the shots count. You're right. He's not running around. In fact, the problem is he got you. I mean, it was a big round of science, but he got that big shot that robed him so he could give the luck in the round. Warrior round for Book early on, but he responded very well. shots will hit you on relax. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] &gt;&gt; Here's a shot that Here's a shot that some shots on the ropes go up. He landed a good body shot and that was that set up the head shot which actually hurt Kel. Kel took it well all things considered. That was a a lethal shot and Kell came back with some beautiful combinations. Like I say, got hit with that left hook and he looked stunned momentarily. It looked like his legs went wood a little bit, but he recovered well and he landed some hurtful. Look, he's a left hook there on Golovkin's chin. &gt;&gt; Fighting fire with fire early. We thought that might be &gt;&gt; more skills. Here's the thing. That's what I've been saying. The athleticism of Kell. He's got more skills. Just this guy has a killer punch. Kell's able to step back with half steps and counters. He box well aside from getting hurt, but getting hurt may lose you the round. Gennady Golovkin. Five first round knockout wins in his career. Seven inside two. Six more in the third round. The monstrous puncher from Kazakhstan defending his world middleweight crowd. &gt;&gt; You see even the simple things Ke does. You see that counter jab? It just makes the Loftton stopped in his tracks. It's not a power shot, but it'll make the lock and stop in his tracks. &gt;&gt; Both have got excellent jabs, but Brook says he feels comfortable at ease now at this weight. He hasn't dragged himself down. It's been a very positive start, K. I just got up close by in front of Brook. The one thing here is able to push Brook back and sort of manhandle it and be in control up close and as the fight wears on. Great response by those shots here. A creative keb offense, different angles, punches, uppercuts, punches around the side, straight shots. Well, we've got to remember that Golovkin's never really been in with anybody as skilled and as talented naturally as K Brook. So, he's in new territory here, Golovkin for his professional career. Here's Kilbrook the most talented opponent. Everybody, it's the total package that makes CR. But everybody was riding him off. You couldn't find one person fully in the media full stop who was backing in this fight. What's worrying for me right there? No one's really backing. What's worrying for me here though is Golovkin still able to mark to a count there from Brook. You see him punching us really well. Brook is here. I'm worried he's on his back foot and Golovkin's almost able to do pretty much what he usually does, which is get momentum with his heavy hands moving forward. &gt;&gt; Brook's not running. &gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. He's just stepping back trying to make his power tail early as well. Calra but Golovkin has center ring. There's the right hand he's trying. He is marked up around the face. Never been really badly hurt. Certainly never been down amateur or pro Gennard Golovkin. What an uppercut from Calra. A beautiful shot in the second round. Oh, lovely right hand is backing him in has come on then has gone to war. Amazing by I'm I'm amazed he's stealing right in the middle and taking him here. An unbelievable success. The officer of Ryan Hall blood from the nose of Golovkin. We know he now respects Brook's power. Certainly the angles and the speed. How's he going to react? with a left hook comes off. Looking a little bit cumbersome, a little bit slow. Too early to say, but he's not firing as sharp as he usually is. But boxing, superb moving, great for great. I tell you what, this is one of the most incredible atmospheres I remember through 25 years of covering boxing at Sky. looking &gt;&gt; that night when Ricky has me cautious you stands out when Naz went to the garden to fight Kevin Kelly your fight obviously with George Rose but there's something here in the air is the unthinkable possible well it's that air of invincibility the triple dream brings to the ring and now Brooke is sort of throwing the script out the window I know it's only round two that's just and it's it's early stages yet of the fight but he's having some great success I'm very impressed I'm shocked if I'm honest with what's happening. Adam, you know what I'm even more impressed with is Kel's ability to control the pace. He's able to take his little walks. Look at how mad how excited he got for his old guy. Now, see he's a kid called me this morning. We're on the phone for an hour. He said, "Believe, believe. I've known this guy all my life. He's an animal. He's got something special inside him. He's not just got the skills, but he's going to stand there and beat Golovkin up." And that's come from Nasim who knows him very well. He's obviously going to be biased but he sees him in the gym. He knows him inside out. He's doing well. Just out of balance there's almost to the floor. Just a balance there. Look at his face though. He's he's getting frustrated. This is what I've never seen from the lock. I was always curious about really frustrating. You don't see this. You are calling. Maybe he's rattled. Keep needs to be careful now. Get a tight guard and close that gap. Don't be on the shot. closing down the distance. Golovkin stalking, ripping home shots, trying to really back up Rook in the way he knows how. Those middle rounds where all the stoppages come. Three, four, five, six body shots. That's Kell Brook to take the shots to the torso to the solar plexus. That's where Matthew M struggled. He's competing about high here. Look at his corner there. signs. You don't like to see that. He's blinking. He's worried about something. He needs to just get on with it. Creative creative punch selection and speed. &gt;&gt; Anyone that thought he would go swiftly around the ring using mobility and adaptability. He turned it into a mini hacker. This he took a great hand there from Gon and he just brushed it off. looked okay with that power and this is what I wanted to see how he responded to the power and I'm very happy with the way he took that shot and responded. He's got to say early looks rattled. He looks upset and he's firing. He's moving forward and he's letting these shots go but he's looking marked around the face bruising swollen. Yeah, he's a king shot like that on this big puncher consistently. That's right. He can't be taking big shots from bar. I'm getting excited from what I'm seeing, but it's looking dangerous, but responding well back from Brook and the uppercut. That's the one they want to see. He's got the body. He's not going to the body yet. I want to see a body shot from K is a great body punch. But this is what K brings to the ring. This variety punches his skill and snatch ability. Golovkin is not enjoying this. Golovkin not. And there's blood from the nose of Kel Brook. It's such a valiant, brave attacking start. Can he keep this going or will Golovkin find a way to subdue the storm and break him up? &gt;&gt; Just worried about that weight and that natural weight of matches from Golovkin and he feel that big right there broke his mark as well. Swinging by Brooks the right eye. Gokin was a man on a mission when the round started. came out with that extra pressure to make a statement to book this round. Back comes Brooke. It's sensational sizzling action here at the O2 as they go toe to toe. What a fight. Unbelievable stuff getting the glock and they're hitting after the bell which is sign of frustration. I can't really split him in that round. It's um it's not what I expected. Fantastic from Kel. I'm just worried that that weight from the lock, his actual size and weight strat will start to tell as this fight wears on. Dominic Kle so furious in the corner. Furious with a success trying to get inside Krook's head and trying to probably keep him believing. Now last round Golovkin came out flying. How do you start this next round if you're Brooke? Do you expect that same rush from Golovkin or do you rush him and play play the mind game back to him? &gt;&gt; With the early success from Kell Brookke, is he in danger of becoming too macho here, Paulie, as Golovkin comes back at him there? &gt;&gt; There's a fine line with the macho stuff because I think Brooke after that round where Golkin tried to boss it. Brooke may need to come out trying to boss this round, but honestly, it's a personal decision here. I don't know. That eye is finally marked up for Kel Brook. I tell you what, it's been pulsating here. You know, people, you know, we're talking about how is the way going to affect Kell as as the bigger man is attacking, but Golovkin's wasted a lot of energy and he himself is taking some shots. &gt;&gt; Now he goes to the body. That's what you wanted to see from Brook. But if Golovkin matches fire with fire to the body, that could unhinge Brook. &gt;&gt; That's the thing. Golovkin's gone to the body already. Kell's taking it well. Obviously, you never want to take too many body shots, but I like to see kept touch him up a little bit to the body cuz he's getting hands up with all the landing head shots. The body will be open some great combinations body and head, but he's on his back foot. He's taking shots in the counter and he's marked up like I've never seen him before. That right high of looking like he wants to close, which is bad. In fact, does he in trouble and he's back against his right hand from R again. The nerve from Golovkin, but it just bounces off his chin. &gt;&gt; Yeah, they're scoring blows at him. They're scoring blows. He's There's a round shot. &gt;&gt; This can't go short. &gt;&gt; I don't know. I don't know. I mean, the way it is, I don't know if Kell Brooks scored. I had that injury with Miguel K. His eye is swelling rapidly. &gt;&gt; It's a shootout, but there's some clever classy work going in. &gt;&gt; He's still staying so calm, just making Golovkin miss by ever so little. It takes a calmness to you. It takes a real skill to do that, especially when you know the guy punches as hard as Golovkin. &gt;&gt; Fantastic talent, Co Brook. And he's showing that in this fight here. He's just keeping out of range range. He's saying calm under pressure. Yes, he's getting hit, but he's not getting hit with punches. He doesn't see coming. And he's still thinking. He's still despite the rest. He's still thinking. His shots are still creative. Yeah, he's moving a little more than than he was a couple of rounds ago, but he's still got his eyes wide open seeing the shots, trying to turn the lock in. I just want to see put put some combination together when he's against them rotin marches forward with that uppercut right hand left three four punches just to keep gin at bay and give him something to think about don't back up and sit there and soak these shots up because he's going to have a detrimental effect trying to get the jab going golk doesn't look even though he hasn't found his normal rhythm or range congratulate Brook for that whatever happens now it's been a monumental effort as he smiles Kell Brookke Is that jab? He's got to keep using it. There it is. Because the walkin does not move his head. &gt;&gt; But when Daniel Gil hit him, he knocked Gil out. &gt;&gt; Of course. Well, that's why you got to move your head after you land. Glockin had a great chin. We know that already. It's a matter of landing the shots to score, maybe slowing him down ever so little so you can get some breathing room during the round. Tries the upper again. Partially blocked from Golovkin. This is a man Calbrook that's only had the likes of Kevin Bizier, Jojo down, Frankie Gavin to deal with. But well, now he's in with this guy, the man, the fearsome reputation. And how is he handling himself? Let me tell you, if was a middleweight, I would not be worried at all. The only reason I'm worried about Brock at the minute is because of this weight this know weighed in a middleweight, but he's not a middleweight Kell Brook. This is phenomenal from Brook. I'm so impressed. And Golovkin doesn't look like he's enjoying himself. He's now on his front foot and he's backing Brook, &gt;&gt; guys. I I don't Maybe I'm being biased, but do you know what? We couldn't wait for this first battle to go. The anticipation. Who could have thought we'd have four rounds like that? Extraordinary. &gt;&gt; And Brooke came back after a very tough third round. And he could have won that fourth round. I mean, he boxed well, landed that nice check hook there as on the way out on as we saw in that replay just now. Smart decision making even under the rest is a sharp sharp shooting right hand there. You know, you know, he could have won the fourth round after a very difficult third round and that that shows mental fortitude working on the eyes. John Engles around as well. They've been with Kell pretty much the whole way since he was 9 years old and walked into that winker gym. Flex of Herald Bomber Graeme, Johnny Nelson, Prince Nassim Hammond, Ryan Rhodess, a conveyor belt of talent. And when they're backed to the wall, this is where the Wink fighters deliver. But Gennady Golovkin still marches on. They said, "Okay, you've given me your best. Now it's my turn." Backing Brook up and those left hooks are worrying. Brook is riding with some of the matter. He's not taking them fully cleanly. How do you want to see this? Can he keep the shoulders on his back? You're right. He's riding in the shots, but he's under this pressure. Let's see if he can punch himself out now. I want to see now with Kell in back here. Yeah. M there from Kell Brook show. I'm not hurt. Is that all he's got? But these punches are hurting, let me tell you. I can feel them sat here ringside and Brook does not want to be at the end of these punches in punching range here with the basket. He needs to start letting coination shots go. He's not happy with his right eye. &gt;&gt; I'm telling you guys, his orbit bone might be broke. The socket, the eye socket might be broke. I know that injury. It's a weird feeling. Catches Golovkin. He's got the skill out of him. He's naturally, you know, he's got this talent. He's got this ability that Golovkin's not impressive. Anybody that can land this array of shots, Golovkin's not enjoying getting hit with these shots. I don't think they're having a bad enough effect on him. He finds a way though. Gennady Golovkin like he did against Gregor Crocher against Curtis Stevens. So many have tried and failed. Our own brave Matthew Mlin but Brooks already lasting into the fifth round. But these are getting heavy now. The artillery Brooks backs coming from Dominic. The T's there from Dominic Engle and Gabby Golovkin is going to retain his widow title. The towel has come in. The referee didn't see it. And it is all over. Gennady Golovkin just proved too much, too strong, too naturally big, not great for Brooke. Just too big the front. That's the key. That was the key. That was the entire key. This is a monster puncher at middleweight. You know what the he was under pressure. He was taking shots left, right, to walk the course with the jab lands. And you can see Brooke was not going to quit. Dominic Engle there very compassionate there for his man. We like to see that. It's a great stoppage. The referee was not going to stop it. A big credit to Dominic Engle, man. He knows Kell since he's young. He knows what he can and can't take. He actually let him take some of the punishment cuz he knew his guy could come back and Kell came back wonderfully in some moments in that fight, but he knew when it was time and he knew when his guy had nothing left to give back. There was just signs, wasn't there, in the last three, four minutes, that the pressure and the natural advantage that Golovkin was always going to have as the rounds tick by just paid off. But Brooke, what an effort. What an effort. &gt;&gt; Unbelievable effort. I've never seen anything like it in recent years in modern day boxing to to come up from welterweight to face somebody like Triple G. But he showed me there. He showed me vulnerabilities of Triple G. He got hit with a lot of shot. He didn't look like he was enjoying himself. And as far as I'm concerned, the only reason Gennady Golovkin came through there in the end was that size and natural weight advantage. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you know, Kell might have broke the orbit. Again, I'm not a doctor. I'm just I'm just guessing here. He might have broke the orb with that first left hook that hit him that hurt him in the first round. &gt;&gt; But still, Gennady Golovkin Reigns unbeaten in 36, the 33rd knockout. Even when there were signs, he discovers something inside himself as he drills forward, unloading the punches powerful head and body. &gt;&gt; And look at the balance. Look at look at how he's able to follow through with other shots forcefully because Golovkin does not get too excited when his offense is working for him. Look at how he's constantly maintaining balance. Kept Brooke under duress and forced the stoppage. He's a straight right hand, but where is he? He's right in front of Brooke again. Brooke cannot find the escape. But look at look at the followup combinations. And eventually the towel came in right here. Right about here. [Music] I don't know what Marlin B right was looking at. I mean that was out for about 20 seconds. &gt;&gt; And Dominic Engel reading it like you guys sensing enough is enough. &gt;&gt; Yes. He was leaving Brooke in there for long enough to see if he had any answers and to see if there was any response and also giving him a chance to see if Gennady Golovkin could be hurt by Brooke which I don't think he really could. He was stunned early on in the fight but that natural weight and size as the fight pressed on became really evident there and great stoppage by Dominic. Really glad he did what he did. What a stunning fight while it lasted. Congratulations Gennady Golovkin. still the world middleweight king. But Kellbrook, you made your name tonight even more than ever before. &gt;&gt; Even on the world stage, I think people will know and and credit Kellbrook more for this fight than they will for all his wins. And that's really a shame because Kell Brookke was always a terrific fighter. Even before tonight, I've been singing his praises for a long time. I never felt he got enough credit in America. I hope in the United States they see this performance and they give him credit despite the loss because I believe he he's gained more notoriety in this fight. This is a worldwide stage here. second that he showed there what sort of courage and you know that that mental grit and toughness and that warrior instinct just to stay in there and carry on and you know he didn't go down he didn't get knocked out he's he's leaving here with his chin held high and you know he's he's intact he's his reputation is intact Kel Brook he's he's a world class welterweight he might be a world class light middleweight but we found out tonight that he is not a middleweight &gt;&gt; well said lives. &gt;&gt; Kellbrook loses for the first time. But what a battle while it lasted and Gennady Golovkin celebrates and Kellbrook commiserates with the family. &gt;&gt; Nothing nothing to be worried about. &gt;&gt; I'm curious about that right eye though, that that eye socket. You know, I wonder I wonder if there's a fracture there cuz he was very uncomfortable about it. [Applause] Ladies and gentlemen, the challenger's corner, the red corner, indicated to referee Marlon Wright to call a halt to the contest. Challenger retires, the winner by TKO victory. His record now 36 and0, 33 KOs's, 23 consecutive wins by knockout. Still the undefeated universally recognized middleweight champion of the world. Gennady Gennady the pin aka triple king. Fabulous to have him in London. Gennady Golovkin. What a stage. What a night. And Kelbrook covers himself in glory too. &gt;&gt; In a defeat that will still live long in the memory, maybe more than any of his victories. Possibly the Sha Porter win apart. What guts, what courage, but he fell short as most predicted he would. And Andy Scott with in the end a very worthy winner. &gt;&gt; Gennady. &gt;&gt; Yes. which is why they fix all number of belts to you. Congratulations. You promised a big drama show for the fans here. Five thoroughly exciting, brutal rounds. Talk us through it. &gt;&gt; You know, first of all, thank you very much London like all public like all fans. Thank you very much. You know, I promise bring big drama show because you know, I know Kale, he's huge fighter. He's very good fighter and sorry he's not middle way. He's not his way. &gt;&gt; Did you feel then through the fight that you were too big, too strong? [Music] It was great to watch. Did he hurt you at all? &gt;&gt; No. No. He just touch, you know, this is like training. I stay I don't feel his power and stay like this and relax like Yeah. So many p punches and I don't feel &gt;&gt; a word on Kell Brookke. A lot of people wouldn't fight you. Kel came up from his natural well they say it's his natural weight of welterweight to meet you at middleweight. A word on him. &gt;&gt; Yes. I respect respect K he's his real you know and thanks his corner you know first of all for him for his career for his family is correct you know this because I feel it's it's game over &gt;&gt; okay finish &gt;&gt; got all your team here so let's talk about the future politics money egos aside who do you want to fight &gt;&gt; first of all I'm a boxer you know just I I'm open for everybody for everybody But just I want unification fight. &gt;&gt; Okay. In the buildup, I heard Abel Sanchez, your trainer, mention the names Eubank Jr. This fight didn't happen this time. James De Gail, would you come back to the UK to fight again? &gt;&gt; Oh, absolutely. First of all, I would like Billy Jos because he has WBO belt. &gt;&gt; The WBO champion, Billy Joe Saunders, you would come back to London to fight him here. &gt;&gt; Of course, 100%. 100%. Canelo has gone down to fight Liam Smith. If he came back up to middleweight, would you still want to fight Canelo with everything that's gone on? &gt;&gt; I still in my weight. Absolutely. I am open for everybody. &gt;&gt; Let's have a word with your trainer Abel Sanchez. Big smile on your face. Able, is there a middleweight around at the moment that can stand up to Gennady's power in your opinion? &gt;&gt; No. I've said anybody from 54 to 68 wouldn't go 12 rounds with him. Uh Kell is a very good fighter as you saw right now, but uh eventually they're going to break down and eventually his power and his uh ability to land clean punches is going to take effect just like they did with Kell. I'm happy that the corner protected Kell because these guys are not going to quit. He's a warrior and Dom felt it was necessary at that point and I'm glad everybody's fine. &gt;&gt; Okay, pleasure working with you guys this week. Congratulations. Let's have a word with a brave, courageous, ultimately defeated Kellbrook. Yeah, must be difficult to put into words, but try for us. &gt;&gt; I'm devastated, you know. Um, he he obviously can punch, but you know, I expect I expect him to be a bit bigger puncher. I think in the second round, I think he brought me ice. It caught me a shot. I think he would catch him with his biggest shots, and I would I was starting to settle into the fight, you know, but I was seeing three or four of them out there, so it were hard to to, you know, to to get to get through it. But I think I were tricking him. His his his shots were coming underneath and I were I were frustrating him. I was standing there at times. I was starting to settle into it. But when you see three or four of them, you know, uh it's hard to carry on. &gt;&gt; Did you feel that you did hurt him at all? He said there that he he wasn't ever hurt, but you caught him with an uppercut in the first round and a couple of other times as the fight wore on. &gt;&gt; Believe me, I hurt him. You know, when when you're in a fight, you can see every movement of a fighter, and I've seen his legs uh buckle a couple of times. I was starting to settle in. I'm I'm not taking nothing away from Golovkin. You know, he is a he's a scary champion. Nobody wants to fight him. I would I would fight him again. You know, this with the eye, you know, stop me coming forward. He's a great champion. I think that the the fans, you know, I'm trying to get back to the fans and amazing fight. I hope that they enjoyed the fight while it lasted. I wish I could go on, but when you see five of them, you don't know which one to hit. Hit the one in the middle, they say. But you know uh it start to get tough in there when you can't see you know against a great champion. &gt;&gt; No. All credit to you. What about the weight issue? Do you believe that you are a middleweight or do you believe that you're more of a super welter to weight? Can you ever go back down to welterweight? &gt;&gt; You know we'll have to go to the um we'll have to go back to the joint balls get on the machines and see where the m I put a lot of muscle on. You know I think I think I'd be more suited at 154 light middleweight. I think I'd be big strong. I know that Canelo and Liam Smith are fighting next week. I'd love to fight the winner. You know, I think I've jumped up to a weight division and and and box the man what everybody's running away of. And now we're ready to stand and fight him. I started to settle in. Like I've just said, it weren't my night. I'm absolutely gutted because there were much much more to come from me. I was just getting started, but I seen five of them out there. I think I bust me eye socket. &gt;&gt; Nobody knows better than your trainer Dominic Engel and I presume you would have fought on regardless. Were you happy with the stoppage? &gt;&gt; Maybe phrased that wrong. &gt;&gt; Can you be angry at the stoppage? &gt;&gt; I'm a warrior. I want to carry on, you know, but me team watching it from from the outside. He Dominic stood up. I ready to fight on. You know, you have to kill me in here. Everybody knows that who trains with me. I was starting to come on, you know. I was starting to settle in. You see me stand with him at times. I I was starting to get into the fight. We knew that the first five or six round were going to be very tough. And then we were going to start boxing and taking over standing with him a little bit wearing him stand have a little war with him and then go for a little walk and and um and get and get the later rounds. But you have to talk to me coach about why you come up. &gt;&gt; Dominic, your your voice is gone. Okay, we'll bring in promoter Eddie Hearn. Eddie, Dominic's voice is gone. He's struggling to speak there. Just a word on the courageous ability of of Let's try &gt;&gt; when you're in with Golovkin taking too many shots. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Yeah. Eddie Hearn, a word on Kell. Tremendous effort. &gt;&gt; Where where do you go now and your thoughts on the fight? &gt;&gt; Well, listen, you know, fans always want people to step up and fight the best and Kel stepped up and fought the best. He was ahead on the scorecards, but at the end of the day, you know, he's his eye socket's gone and he's he's seeing two or three of them. He would fight all night, but the team, I know the fans want to see the fight go on as long as possible, but you know, you can't be fighting a guy like Golovkin when you when you can't even focus on the guy. So, I think Kell deserves a huge amount of respect. I believe he's still one of the best fighters in the world. You know, no one else wants to fight Golovkin. He stepped up from welterweight to middleweight. You know, it wasn't just a middleweight fighting a middleweight. He wanted the big fights. No one wanted to fight him. And for for five or six rounds, I think he's given Golovkin a hell of a fight there. And you know, like I said, Sulleman just told me he was ahead on the scorecards. I would have liked to seen the fight go on, but you know, you can't let fighters fight with injuries like that. But I think Kell Brookke deserves a lot of respect. &gt;&gt; Just a word, he wants Billy Joe Saunders next. The names of them were mentioned in the buildup, the likes of James Dean, Chris Eubank Jr. who you obviously promote. What about those fights? &gt;&gt; Yeah, listen, I think he showed that Golovkin is human. You know, it was a it was a great five or six rounds that he gave him. He told he's he could hit him. He gave him great angles, but in the end, the power caught up. It damaged him. And Golovkin is a very very strong man. And you know, that fight was going to go into deep waters. I know you wanted to see it, but also you got a guy whose health's at stake as well. So, Kell Brookke will be back. He's still the IBF welterweight champion of the world. Will sit down, go away, and he'll be in some big fights in the future in this country. &gt;&gt; Final word to you, K. &gt;&gt; I'll be back. I'm sorry that I'm sorry to disappoint, but I'm I'll be back. You know, uh I get it me all when you when you can't continue. You can't I'll be back. I love everyone here. If you've seen me win or lose, you've still come and supported boxing. Thank you all. &gt;&gt; But the way Brooke roared back at him after taking those thunderous punches, &gt;&gt; you know, I I didn't know who to give the round to. I wound up scoring a 10-10 because Golovkin hurt him with a great hook to the head and set up by a great body shot. Look, he he'll land the hook to the body and it'll get Brook's head hands away from his face and then he'll land the hook to the head which you don't see there in the in the followup. But then the rest of the round, I mean, Kell came back almost angry putting together combinations. And this is where I disagree with Johnny about weight having nothing to do with it because not only don't you see Golovkin getting hit with combinations, but you don't see Kell Brookke landing combinations and guys not going down. Kell Brookke knocks down full-fledged welterweights with one punch. So he was landing combinations on on on Gani Golovkin. One thing I've said all week about Ganny Golovkin, there's one flaw. There's absolutely no head movement. He can be hit by a sharp shooter. And Kell Brookke is a sharp shooter. The thing I was most impressed by though is Kell Brook's character. At the end of the day, he was moving around the ring and stayed calm the entire time. Even after having eaten certain shots, even after having probably his eye socket broken, which is an injury I've had in the past, he remained calm. He didn't take off on in flight mode. He stayed calm. He let the punches miss by ever so much so that he could come back and make the count. Kell had another difficult round. And then around four, Kell came back and probably won the round. &gt;&gt; I mean, that left number hit with I think it was in the second round. If that was any other welterweight, if that was a welterweight, not middleweight, he was on the floor. Even then, he landed a a left hook right straight right hand combination straight after it. And you think what a was any that's why I disagree with Jon says well middleweight. If that was a welterweight in the world, he'd have shook. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. And I I'll give you one even more. Even if you're not knocking down the guy, you're landing shots like that. the pressure will stop. The guy will think twice about the assault he's bringing to you. The reason there's a a bit a pro, my opinion, the reason Golovkin's assault never stopped, but it stopped in moments and it restarted. Stopped in moments and restarted. And that's obviously the mental strength of Golovkin as well. Let's give credit where credit is due. But at the end of the day, it wasn't hurting enough. It was getting his attention for sure. I don't think he hurt Golovkin fully, but I do think he got his attention and made Golovkin realize, you know what, let me settle down here and let me figure out where I'm going. Cuz there were moments when Golovkin was clearly frustrated. a and confused. He confused him, frustrated him. You could see you could see him getting angry and almost walking after him. &gt;&gt; Did he show you a blueprint on how to beat Glock? &gt;&gt; I think so. We just Yeah, I think so. I mean, it's you've got to sustain it for 12 rounds and and and like you say, he landed flush. He landed some great shots, but he's a welterweight hitting a big middleweight, you know, and it's a middleweight hitting a welterweight. So, the the shots that hit him back just took more effect than they would have normally. &gt;&gt; And again, incredible credit card. Look at the punch. &gt;&gt; And I thought it was a good stop. I thought I thought it was a good start. passive stoppage, but it was a good stop. &gt;&gt; I had that injury. You do see start to see double and triple. It's a weird injury and and you don't want to be seeing more double and triple when you're fighting such a big puncher. It gets more dangerous. Kell Brook can come back strong as ever off of this because of the merciful stoppage by Dominick Engel. I think it's the best thing for him. I know it's he's angry. I know he's a competitor, but I think it's it's a it's a good stoppage and and all credit. He's the one that broke Brooks Orbit bone if it's broken. &gt;&gt; I tell you what I like to see now. Liam Smith fights Canela next week. I'd love to see the winner of that fight, Kell Brook. &gt;&gt; And and I want to give credit for Golovkin with the finish, too. Look how calm he stays. Stays on balance. Doesn't throw himself all over Kell Brook and smother himself or look at he remains with the look at the punch selection. The punch selection also keeps the proper punching distance so that he can get maximum leverage on every shot, forcing that stoppage. Golovkin well schooled even under in the moment where it counts to make it make it end. He didn't get too emotional. He stayed like a calculated finisher that he is. &gt;&gt; I thought Kel's move. Heat. Heat. N. [Music]