Kind: captions Language: en [Applause] Introducing first the challenger. He fights out of the red corner. He wears navy blue and red trim. He's got 11 stone, 5 lbs, 4 oz. Professional record perfect. 12 fights, 12 victories with seven of them coming by way of knockout. Here is the former fourtime amateur national champion fighting out of Bill Ricky Essex, England. The bill George Leard [Applause] Leonard and his opponent across the ring fighting out of the blue corner. He wears black with purple. He scaled 11 stone 5 lb 7 oz. professional record 23 victories, three defeats, one draw with seven wins coming by way of knockout. He fights out of North Bon. Here is the reigning and defending British and Commonwealth Middleweight champion Kieran Tu Conway. [Music] Well play gentlemen, you both had your instructions in the dressing room so you know what's expected. Get your punches up, obey my commands and protect yourselves at all times. Good luck to you both gentlemen. &gt;&gt; Cracking crossroads fight. Crackling atmosphere moment. A lovely combination. Excellent work from George Leard. Just think back 10 minutes or so to the ring walk and to try and find the outcome Conway because this is all George Lard at the minute &gt;&gt; when he's 23 victories in his long career Kieran Conway and he's been in Japan and America he's well traveled he's fought at a higher level will he be perturbed &gt;&gt; if Kieran Conway has been around for ages that fight he had with Ted Cheeseman here in this very venue what scrap that was seems like a long long time ago I tell you what good double left hook there from Kieran Conway What we don't know about Lard is what he's like really the record doesn't suggest that aren't from Conway doesn't mind a fight is just full of confidence isn't he the 23y old &gt;&gt; and that's where I I say the bullish part you know for a youngster an inexperienced youngster you got to go and back up those words and and he's doing it so far in this round But was it enough from Leard? He's obviously listened Darren to Tony. He's outboxed him. He's made his start and now he's going to the body. Conway fighting fire with fire. This is what the York crowd want to see. Great exchange between the two of the eye. He's cut now underneath the right eye. Conway. Yeah, he's still dangerous. Kieran Conway remember never been stopped in a long career. He's tough and he's brave and he'll think there is still a way. What Barry said he's absolutely spot on with that breathing in a in a a marathon if you like 12 round marathon like this is so important. 60th. This is a really mature and polished performance from George Leard at this stage. But Kieran Conway will try and bank on that experience. And when he leads with that right hand, you fall off that lovely one, two from the he has gone. He shakes his head. He's never been stopped. He might just be here. There's a long way to go. &gt;&gt; So, I mean, he looks absolutely fantastic against a really good fight in Conway. Let's not forget that. But know he's got a com. &gt;&gt; I think this has got to be curtains for Conway if he can't keep those arms up. &gt;&gt; Tow's got to come in. The towel has to come in. He can't defend himself. &gt;&gt; Nan could just tear off. She's a sitting target. They got to be careful. George becomes the youngest British middleweight champion in history and he wins the world title. &gt;&gt; George Lard, congratulations. Enjoying this special moment with your family here in the ring as well. We'll put that back on the shoulder. &gt;&gt; Someone can give you a hand with a belt. That would be great. &gt;&gt; George, congratulations. And the new British and Commonwealth middleweight champion. You said you'd do it. You said you'd stop him. You've done it. What does this moment feel like? &gt;&gt; And the new baby. I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me. I said I was going to do it end of last year. Said by the end of this year I'd be a British and Commonwealth champion and it just goes to show the power of the law of attraction. Baby, you said I was going to do it and I did it. Youngest British middleweight champion ever. Get up. Come on you guys. Kieran Conway expected you to start fast tonight and you did start fast, George. You set the pace in the fight early. Did you feel you were getting to him early on in the fight tonight? &gt;&gt; No, I just felt I had the sharper hands, the sharper feet. Listen, and all credit to Kieran. you know, he's a seasoned fighter and I knew it was going to be a tough fight. I knew I was going to have to box well and we got the job done. We got the job done. I didn't want to win that way. I know he obviously thought he showed I didn't want to win that way, but I felt like I was winning the fight still. So, I've got that to look at. But listen, you know, respect to him. But I'm the new youngest British middleweight champion ever. When you noticed that something had gone wrong with Kieran, not sure if it was the hand or the shoulder, how did that affect the way you wanted to press the fight from then on? when you notice that there was an injury. How did that affect how you wanted to press the button and look to close the show? Listen, we're fighters at the end of the day, you go out for the kill, you go get the win. That's just how it is. Any other fighter understands that? You understand win by any means and that's what I said I was going to do and that's what I did. I knew I had to put the pressure on and he knows in his head I was going to put the pressure on. Um and yeah, respect to him. I didn't want to win that way like I said. Uh but we got the win and just big thank you to my team. Tony, I couldn't I wouldn't be the fight now if it wasn't for him. You know, I've learned so much from him in the pro game. I was a good amateur but you know shout out to my amateur coach Kipper because he's he played a part in getting me here too you know big up Kipper McKim but Tony he's turned me into a experienced pro as you can see in my 13th fight picking up the British and the British and Commonwealth middleweight titles in a in let's be real the middleweight's always a tough division and we got it done anywhere George Kieran we'll bring you in quickly Kieran commiserations um what was the injury what happened at what stage of the fight and how did it affect you &gt;&gt; um I'm not sure when did it stop It was about round eight, something like that. I landed a left hand. Um I felt like I was just about to start uh picking the tempo up a bit. Landed a left hand straight away. Felt it. Um and then yeah, I just I tried to get it with just the right hand for the next round or two, but his feet were fast anyway, so it was hard enough to do it with one hand. &gt;&gt; There was a lot said in the buildup between the pair of you. Great to see the respect now. What did you make of George Leard? How good is he? &gt;&gt; Oh yeah, George is a good fighter. Very quick feet. made it difficult for me. Um, hard to get that rhythm. Yeah, he was a lot quicker on the feet than what I expected. &gt;&gt; We've seen you rebuild from set back before, Kieran. Much the same, I'm assuming. &gt;&gt; Yeah, 100%. 29 years old, I feel like I'm coming into my peak. Um, we'll see what's next. Um, let that injuries heal and we'll be back. &gt;&gt; Great stuff, Kieran. Congratulations on being a wonderful sport. Commiserations tonight, though. Great to see the respect. George, how did you George, we'll bring you back in. How did you assess the challenge? Look, it was a big step up. I should get paid overtime for this. A big step up on paper. How did you assess the the size, the strength of Kieran Conway in the ring tonight? &gt;&gt; Listen, I see a lot of people saying this was too soon. I see it, but nothing can phase me. You know, I'm one of these fighters. I'm very mentally strong. I have all faith in God's plan for me. And I said, no matter what happens tonight, it's God's plan. And look what happened. We got the win. Everyone, no one sees what I sacrificed for this. family get to see it, the majority of it anyway, but no one sees behind closed doors what I put my mind through to get to here now. And um yeah, that is me so much, man. I I honestly I feel like I could cry. I feel that good. But yeah, I'll see some of you hopefully after. I'll be in a salmon and ball if anyone wants anyone. See you in there. We'll leave the final word to you, George, in just a moment. Tony, firstly to you. Look, the youngest ever British middleweight champion. A proud moment for you and for the gym. What did you make of his performance tonight? Oh, he was unbelievable tonight. I thought he um from the first round I thought he totally dominated the fight. I had him winning clearly for the stoppage and uh you know Kieran's a good fighter. He's been in world level. He's been a worldle fighters and we knew he was experienced but I've seen this kid in the gym totally dedicated what he done. What I liked about him is he sat quiet behind all the other prospects. Uh when a lot of them were light have gone on the other other prospects in the match, he stayed quiet, got his work done, won the eliminator, got himself into position and uh I'm so pleased with him. He boxed completely how I told him to box and uh you know, as you say, as the youngest British middleweight champion. Certainly an incredible achievement. Promoter already hurt. And I said to you in the buildup, look, if George can deliver on his promise, be the first to stop Kieran Conway, what might you be looking at? What are you looking at here? I &gt;&gt; I mean, firstly, wow, what a performance. And and Tony's right, you know, George has been quite some of these guys, they come out with Olympic medals, European championship, world amateur champions, and perhaps when George come to us with Tony, Tony was the one said, "This guy, I believe he has a really good future." but without the amateur pedigree. He was a he was a really good amateur. But for us, he was a local lad that we thought might go on and win English titles or southern area titles. To do that at 23 years old and become the youngest ever British middleweight champion doesn't just make him the British and Commonwealth champion. It announces him as one of the top world prospects in boxing. And let's be honest, I don't believe that there's been a British and Commonwealth champion from Beriki before either. I mean, I might be wrong. You know what I mean? baby under the &gt;&gt; but you know in in all seriousness we we need to acknowledge now not just people in here not just people watching around the world we as a company need to acknowledge what we have on our hands now because that was a performance you know that you know honestly and and and and I I know that like I said we we brought George on because we liked him we love you know his local Tony and everything and I hoped he could one day go on and perhaps win a British title now at 23. To do that, we have to start looking at the world rankings and trying to push on for a world championship in the next two or three years. We got we got we got plenty of time. We got plenty of time, but he works very very hard. Tony's done an amazing job. Honestly, that was a standout performance. There's not many I say I can't even call him a prospect anymore. There's not many young fighters with 12 fights who go on and do something like that against a very experienced fighter. That was a world-class performance. Congratulations, mate. You deserve it. You work your socks off. You made history tonight for yourself, for Billy Ricky for Essics, and you will always be known until someone beats the record as the youngest ever British middleweight champion. Congratulations, George. Our final one to you. Look, this journey is moving pretty quick. British and Commonwealth champion. Now, I think the European title is vacant. That's been contested before next month. How quickly do we keep moving? &gt;&gt; Listen, I got to speak to the team, see what they advised me to do. Look where they've got me already. You know, I put full trust in my team. People thought this was too early, but my team knew this was a 50-50 fight, but Tony sees what I do. All the glads in the gym see what I do. Eddie knows I'm a good fighter. They wouldn't put me in if they didn't think I had a chance. And we won, baby. I'd love that European title. You know that. Next year, we're looking to push on. And listen, one day I know we can make it happen. And you know what I'm going to say? Understated.