Kind: captions Language: en Fighting out of the red corner, he weighed in at 11 stone, 5 lb, and 7 oz, wearing black and red. His record stands at 27 fights, 21 wins, three defeats, and three draws. He's the former EUROPEAN AND ENGLISH MIDDLEWEIGHT CHAMPION from Rowley Reges, TYLER JENNY. and his opponent across the ring fighting out of the blue corner. He weighed in at 11 stone 5 lb and 7 oz wearing black and white. His record is perfect. 13 fights, 13 wins, eight inside the distance. He's the reigning and defending British Commonwealth Middleweight Champion. Please welcome THE BILL George L. &gt;&gt; He wants you dirty. He wants you. He wants to get involved. He wants to get you physical. So dad's got to keep you nice and long, clean, and just keep hurting there in the first round. Lard trying to pounce. He's got a huge fan base already. George Lard and a lovely right hand as well. Tyler Denny under pressure caught maybe too much for his corner's liking. This is very impressive. Learn at the moment too powerful, strong, accurate. And Delhi with the trouble trying off again. It's that kinology, the smile from George Lard showing good feet there as well to change direction. Move around and in fact his feet again. So good shots. played about a low one there. Lidar carried on throwing back into his usual flow. &gt;&gt; It's the little adjustments for Leard Tol. &gt;&gt; Another body shot. Denny fires through and tries to catch Leonard. He gets physical, doesn't he? He likes to mess you around a little bit. This is how he gets a foothold in the contest. Lovely straight one, too. &gt;&gt; Yeah, beautiful punches from Tyler Danny. the best in the fight so far. &gt;&gt; Coughing shots around the ear and they're not nice shots to be taken throughout the fight. &gt;&gt; Chipping away Tyler Denny and he's being pushed back consistently by by Tyler Denny Denny though as the action heats up. He's in this fight eighth here. What next for George Lard? This is where he really came into play against Conway. A body shot just seems to trouble Denny who retreats to the ropes &gt;&gt; work isn't it again and it's always about when Denny's coming forward but what a good right hand there from Denny &gt;&gt; cracking a class act doesn't he lard but he keeps it compact and simple it back comes in the wrong FIGHTING LEFT HAND FROM TYLER DENNY walked into that George Lard Leard going for an UPPERCUT BACK COMES TYLER DENNY. FANTASTIC WORK from the man from the Midlands. They are back with the right hand. The power is with George Lard. The heart IS WITH TYLER DENNY. FANTASTIC ACTION IN THE 11 AS THE TWO SWING FROM THE HEAD. And the cap. WHAT HAS BEEN A magnificent night here at the copper box and just over halfway left of this round. Oh, landing clean. will going for it. Longdale belt Commonwealth title at stake. Leonard finishing strong, but Tyler Denny has done brilliantly. And that is what boxing's about. The respect after sharing souls for 12 rounds. What a night, guys. What a fantastic show it really was. And we've just topped it off with a fantastic main event. Final. &gt;&gt; Ladies and gentlemen, after 12 rounds of action, we go to the scorecards and they read as follows. Mark Bates, Reese Carter, and Lee Every all score the contest in favor of your winner. AND STILL BRITISH COME UP. AND NOW IB continental champion, the beyard. Unanimous by four on all three cars. George Lard, a worthy winner. Still the British and Commonwealth Middleweight Champion. But what an effort from Tyler Denny who pushed him all the way, played his part and made it a really good fight and learning experience for the 23-year-old. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it was a good competitive fight like we like we knew he would be. Tyler Denny's been a European champion. He's quality. He drags you into his fight and he and that was a Tyler Tenny a Tyler Denny fight from very early on. The only thing is Joe Lid lived up to it. He he he responded and ultimately in a fight like that you go down to the busier. It was hard as hell, maybe Tyler Denny, but the cleaner work, the heavier shots came from George Lad. And that's why I think the scores are correct. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I agree with the scores as well. I think with the last three rounds, I think if they then he won all of those, it was pushing it really really close and he could have nicked it, but I do think Lar shut out the round 11 and round 12 well enough that he won those two and stretched the lead out of Denny's hands. &gt;&gt; Started so well, finished really strongly. Impressive the way he managed that lead. &gt;&gt; Exactly. That managing the the fight really really well. You know, in patches looked a real class act and I think there's so much to build from moving forward from this contest. A real real talent. He really is. And the belt suit him. It looks team happy. All smiles. What next for George Lard? &gt;&gt; Great to see John. Especially John Royer in there, isn't he? Proper man, proper fighter. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. And Jamie's going to get in there and and get a word with the British and Commonwealth champion. And our hearts go out to Tyler Denny. What a great effort. Go back to the Black Country with your head held very, very high. But George Lard promised he'd keep those belts by hook or by crook. And he managed it, Jamie. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he managed it indeed. George Leard, congratulations. And still, I believe just before we talk about what we've just witnessed, which was a great fight from ringside, there's something you want to say tonight. Yeah, listen. Um, I'm very, very happy to win these boats tonight, but there's a more important matter to discuss. Um, a good friend of mine, Dr. Joe Carro, um, his son, little Triolo, he had a terrible accident in Austria. There's a good GoFundMe page. It'll be on my Instagram story, and I want everyone to get on there and just donate anything, any something little. Let's get this little boy back in the UK, man. It doesn't it shouldn't happen to any family. So, let's please check the link in my story and go check that out. Well said, George. In terms of the fight tonight, you said you couldn't see Tyler Denny lasting the full 36 minutes. Was there anything that surprised you cuz you had to work really hard for that at times tonight. Listen, he brought more than I expected. But listen, I'm grateful for that. I'm grateful for that. I did the 12 rounds. Never been 12 rounds before. Um, and neither had he. So, I think we both learned a lot tonight. And listen, this is a journey, man. I'm on a journey to the top. However that be that I get there, it be. And tonight, we didn't get the knockout, but that's okay. I put on a show for the people. You all got to witness a war. And listen, I can't thank all of you enough for coming out here. I'm only 23 and we're doing things that no one's ever done, you know. And uh listen, I'm just a young boy from Bericki who supports West Ham with a dream. And uh you lot are helping me reach that fight on fight. And I I can't thank you enough, man. I really am living my dream out here. So yeah, thank you very much. How satisfied were you with your own performance tonight, George, in the main event? &gt;&gt; Uh, yeah, listen, um, it was a good performance. Um, there's a lot I learned tonight. A lot of slippy little tricks. He did that little uppercut in the inside. It was good work from him, man. I got to take my hat off to him. Um, I remember coming back to the corner with Tony after a few rounds like, "Hit me this little little uppercut." He's like, "Move around. Move around." I'm trying to do it, but listen, we'll be working on that in the gym and I won't get caught of it again. That's one thing Tony will vouch me for. I'm like a sponge. I soak things up quick. And it's back to the drawing board. I'm 23, man, and I'm step. There's no other prospect stepping up like me. Fight on fight. I'm I'm testing myself now on the world stage. You know, that was a European level fight at 23 years old in the middleweight division. Who else is doing that? I want to thank Matum for the opportunities headlining copper box. I you don't realize how much of a dream come true. And it says, you know, just a young boy from Valeriki. Like I said, we share a lot in common with that. And uh thanks for the opportunities. Thanks to Tony for taking me on, you know, at 19 years old. Um yeah, listen, I wouldn't be the fighter I am today. my dad, my mom, my whole family, everyone around me that supports me day by day. You mean the world to me, man. You mean the world to me. And uh I want to thank God, too. I wouldn't be the man I am today without him. He changed my life a few years back. And uh I take my heart off to anyone who finds God. Listen, change your life, man. Let's bring in promote ready. A great fight to crap cap, I should say. A great night here at the copper box for George Lard in terms of potential watching performances like that in terms of the boxes that he ticks. What do you think you're looking at? &gt;&gt; Yeah, look, I think the one thing he said we have to remember is he's 23 years of age. Most people haven't even turned professional at 23 years of age. He's headlining a copper box. He's defending his British and Commonwealth title. But I tell you one thing that he does, he works so hard in the gym. Tony will be, you know, and and that fitness in there, winning the fight. It was a close fight coming into the championship rounds. And to have that kind of championship grit, championship experience at such a young age shows how far he can go. He can box better than that. But tonight he showed how tough he was. By the way, Tyler Denny's a serious fighter to go from Conway and Denny at 23 years of age under the pressure of York Hall copper box, you know, and that's part of the development for him. Now, he sold out York Hall last time. We had nearly 5,000 in here tonight. Next time he'll fill the whole place as well. We still got to remember his age, but we mustn't hold him back as well. He's a very ambitious young man who's got worldass potential. And that was a really big win tonight and a really good British domestic dust up and he's giving people value for money. He's got fantastic support from everybody. Bericki, West Ham, you know, he's a great atmosphere. He deserves he deserves that support. He works hard and you know with that kind of growth I believe he can go on. There's a fight in a few hours. Ammo Williams against Carlos Adam for the WBC world title. We're not there yet, but that's in the sights and a couple more fights. I'd love to see him win this out outright. Personally, that's a wonderful belt. But, you know, like we always say, Bill Ricky's got a British and Commonwealth champion that could actually become a world champion as well. And at 23, we're moving up the world rankings. It's very exciting. &gt;&gt; One name you mentioned to me at the weighin was Liam Smith. Is that potential? &gt;&gt; Liam's a a brilliant fighter. You know, if he decides to stay in the in the game, they're the kind of big names that George Lard wants. We actually agreed to fight Liam Smith tonight, but Liam wanted a bit more extra time and to make his decision. we're doing our own thing, but if Liam comes back, that's a tremendous fight that would probably fill this place as well. But I'd love to see him defend that, keep it outright, and and move on. And if he keeps working as hard as he is day in day out, I believe he can become a world champion. And I know he won't take his foot off the gas in that respect. And uh we're very proud of him. You know, we we know that when he came into the gym at 19, he didn't have the Olympic background and a world championship amateur background. He had a lot of potential, but he was always one of the hardest workers in the gym. Day in day out, he's dedicated his life to the sport, and he's paying dividends now. He's delivering on the big stage. We're delighted to have signed a new contract with him this week. He's he's now making proper money, which is nice. &gt;&gt; All right. No, no, everybody, all his mates, he's making proper money now, but he deserves it because he works hard and it's a tough game. And Tyler Denny gave him 12 hard rounds tonight. and now he can set him up for the future financially but also with legacy with belts and all the way to the world championship. &gt;&gt; Winning that British title outright or perhaps a name like Liam Smith. What tickles the fancy of George Leard right now? &gt;&gt; Listen, I trust Tony with my career more than anyone in the in the game. That's Tony and Eddie together. I'm Frank Smith. Like you said, we just signed a new contract. Not making as much money as now. Listen, they've looked after me. They've looked after me. I'll tell you that. But I trust them with my whole career. Whoever they want me to fight next, I'll fight. I see a lot of people saying I'm ducking and diving. I'll fight anyone, man. And and and they will back me up on that. Anyone you put to me, do I say no? Never. I want to also make another statement. I'll see you all at the Brenwood half marathon tomorrow morning if you're there. I might not be looking too pretty. So, I'm going to get the sunglasses on cuz I think I got hit with a few headbots tonight. So, if you see me with the sunnies on, make sure I don't take them off in the photo. Yeah, I ain't getting no more modeling contracts. Let's put it that way. &gt;&gt; Personal best inbound tomorrow with the half marathon time. &gt;&gt; No chance. I just want to get round. I probably won't sleep tonight, but uh I hope to see some of you there. supporting me and uh yeah, maybe you can get a picture of the belts tomorrow. I'll be down there. So, uh bless me girlfriend. Nothing's driving me there early hours tomorrow. So, uh yeah, take me out to her too. &gt;&gt; George Leard, congratulations. And still, we look forward to whatever is next for you. The bill rookie bomber just getting started it seems.