Kind: captions Language: en at the famous Repson boxing gym. Um, sparring today. Got eight rounds. I won I won pretty much every title I could win here. Obviously, I went other gyms, but I didn't win any titles here. Um, I started basically winning and um my amateur coach Steve uh took me around the country and uh yeah, we won everything together. Got on team GB and obviously decided to go pro. So yeah, no, it means a lot this gym and uh it's very historic. Same. It's like a museum and it's very historic. It's like very old. You got the legend Tony L. I never I never actually met Tony, but heard some great stories, you know. This is my first ever title for Repton National Championship. So they put a massive picture up there straight in the center. So uh yeah, it's pretty cool. Um especially to be on this wall of all these famous people. Everyone that's been everyone that's boxed here. Like you look at that wall, it's like the Olympic Great Britain wall. You just got all the champions. Um obviously Audi Harrison Olympic champion. Um you got everyone everyone everyone I think in the London scene is always has actually boxed for London and gone elsewhere and then they've gone on to do professionals. But uh it's great to box here and obviously you got the chairman as well. He's a legend. Um you might actually see him in a minute. So yeah, it's pretty cool. The first day I come here, not when I was at Repton, I come here to spa and there was the likes of Dennis Macan, Adam Muhammad, all here, Jimmy Sains killing himself in the gym. And a few later, I joined the club. Um, and that's what I wanted just so uh just to be around boys that train hard, you know what I mean? It pushes you on. Um it's good environment to be with everyone working hard. So that's what um I like being here a lot because every everyone took it seriously. Um I think it was the hardest working gym in in the UK for sure. Yeah. Doing uh six rounds of sparring today with Alexis, my old teammate from Repton. He's gone pro now. So and yeah, we're going to do a bit of pads after with Steve. Um yeah, a bit of ground work, skip off, stretch off, and then yeah, uh that's about it really. They're mates until the bell goes. Where you going, boys? Still keep that shape though. Whatever. Whatever that hand, Alexis. Yeah. as you come. Don't let him sit. Yeah. Get out of it. Stay there. Stay there for Dave Robinson. I'm the veteran chairman. Have been for the last 35 years. I'm the longest serving amateur boxing chairman in the country. and all I'm going to do is another 35 years. Do we really want Georgio up? I a bit of a trouble. Anyway, he came down. It was on I know it was I'm sure it was a Monday or a Wednesday and he came in with his dad and they went and spoke. Anyway, I was here for about half an hour and his dad came up to me and he went I want to be here and uh he's a great talent. Great talent, you know. I mean, no doubt about it. He's got he's got everything you need to be a boxer. The mind, attitude, the body, the fitness, the dedication. He's got the old Giorgio. So, how far do you think he can go? All the way. 100%. No doubt about it. My opinion, I've seen over the years, you know, I mean, I've know all these boys up here and some have gone all the way, some haven't. Some have been great boxers, this, that, and the other, you know. Yeah. Get there. Just don't not rush it, you know. Just do it nice and steady. Nice and steady. So, you got good people with him. Nice one, Dave. One down, mate. Good boy. Good boy, mate. Good boy. You're good. Good. Steve Waters. Uh I was the senior head coach here. I spent 21 years first uh 18 years as a coach on and off and three years boxing for the club. So 21 years of my life been at the Repton. Not only is he the most talented boxer, but I think I've ever been involved with, um, I just personally think he's one of them boxers that comes along once in a lifetime for for for a coach, if you see, but in that he's still getting better and better and better. We nowhere seen the best of him. He's only 22, but I actually personally think and I've said to people all along, this kid will be a world champion. Just finished training. Uh got some rounds in. Rounds and pads. Uh some bag work and uh yeah. Um heading off to uh my calf that sponsored me, Pelichi, just down the road. 5 minutes down there. Repair. With a rep chairman. Yeah, Dave. So, uh yeah, let's go. Obviously, I'm in camp, so I can't um obviously have what they normally have like all the pasta and pies and stuff. So just they make me up some uh just like plain chicken with some broccoli and yeah pretty basic but it is what it is part of part of the process but uh it's nice environment in there as well. So have a coffee as well which I can have uh and yeah no it's uh got to refuel as well after training after sparring. So having the support of police uh means a lot you know uh they help me out a lot uh with my clip my sponsor. When I won the first ABAs, um they got they they messaged me on Instagram and we got talking. Uh when my grandfather was from Italy, they literally uh an hour down the road. So like it makes sense and it's a great uh great addition to my uh sponsors and uh yeah, it makes sense. Yeah, I could take a lot from uh the fight with Kane, you know. Um on paper it was a step up getting in the ring. I don't know like um I seem to just uh make it look really easy. I think I just um mind blown him a little bit with my footwork and my speed. Um but yeah, no I think I think you can learn a lot from just the pressure as well cuz on pe on paper it's a it's a step up. Kane has been with a lot of good people. So people expecting Kane to do this that and the other. So to block that all out and uh really good win on my on my on box repliments are really good. All the comments even Eddie Hearn it means a lot to the back of me but obviously uh in a in way I'm not I'm nowhere yet. Uh so I've just got blocked outside keep grinding keep working keep putting his great performance on. keep getting these viral moments and keep getting my name out there and um show why I'm one of the best prospects in the world. I believe I am. June 21st. Looking forward to it. Um another opponent in front of me. Um yeah, going to do what I normally always do. Box his head off, smash him up, get these viral videos, and uh yeah, really uh put my name in the 130 division and show why I believe I'm the best and the future of the sport.