Kind: captions Language: en Right leg instructions at all times. I taste a break before break clean. Defend yourselves at all times in the best lingos. But another fight in the already outstanding early stages of the career of the former amateur star Giorgio Vizoli against the veteran hard as now as Kane Baker. How pre impressed have you been with the youngster Vizoli Pat? Yeah, very impressed. Um he's got a nice solid wide base and he stays relaxed and yeah, he's he's weighing up Baker now and uh yeah, we got a good fight ahead of us. Yeah, the press conference and at yesterday's weighing came Baker trying to lure Vizoli into a fight. I think he understands that at range there's only one winner here. He feels his best chance is to get close and try and out hustle out experience Vizoli. But it's been the speed of hand of foot and the reactions and the way he fires counters that's been so impressive from Vizoli. Yeah, just like you can see now. Um, you know, if you're not a big boxing fan, you think nothing's happening, but he's just doing subtle little things and uh it's it's a game of inches and Viola, you know, his footwork's brilliant. He's just in and out, in and out the tiniest a little bit and yeah, he's playing mind games already with Baker. Yeah, you're right. It's fractions. Sometimes you can see some young fighters really jump out of range and it makes it that much harder to to find the counters. He doesn't. is just as you say millimeters just enough to miss the shot and fire back. Looks composed, looks relaxed, looks comfortable in there. As we say, this his seventh outing, five stoppages already. Everything his own way so far. Say Kane Baker was sorry Pat was going to call it a day, but he loves to fight and still believes there's enough there to to cause these youngsters problem. Yeah, definitely. He's he's still hungry, but Vizola, you know, he's [Applause] Yep. Just stalking his man Violi creeping forward looking for that left hand. Nice shot straight down the pipe of Kane Baker. Oh, just looking for that left to the body. Sharp looking to creep forward. Kane Baker a little hesitant. Good work in the closing seconds here of this first round from Vizoli. Sharp, aggressive, and looking very, very spiteful. Landed a nice left hand at the end there. Hallelujah. [Applause] [Music] A good opening round from Georgio Gizoli. Into the second round we go. Is there anything game Baker can do to close the gap? As I say, looks a little hesitant coming forward and that's down to the speed of hand and foot and those reactions that's stopping him at the minute. Well, that's it. Yeah, you know, obviously he's so fast and it's a matter of inches for him with his feet and uh towards the end of that round then you seen him going from the head to the body and he really turned a screw. So, uh, yeah, he's coming out patient again, and I'm sure we'll be seeing a good display of him towards the end of this round. Yeah, looking to set the traps, stabbing the jab into the body, lots of faint. Nice jab from Kane Baker. Lovely left hand and then dropping the left to the body. Good variation from the youngster, only 22 years old. Vizioli. Oh, lovely left. Seemed to stun the leg slightly of Kane Baker. Looking menacing, isn't he Pat, as he's just has that little spring in his steps, hands low, trying to bait Kane Baker in. Definitely. Yeah, he's staying calm, cool, and collected. And the main thing for me is he he's watching what's coming back. He's not getting too eager. He's He's definitely respecting Baker, and that's why his shots are going through. Yeah. And he wants to fire off those counters, doesn't he? Another lovely left screw shot through the guard of Kane Baker. He's have to get those elbows closer together. Baker stop those shots landing cuz that accuracy and speed that we mentioned of Vizoli. So impressive. Oh, and little short right hook inside. You can barely see that, but you can see the reaction that it has on the face of the man from Birmingham Baker. Yeah, lovely work there from Vizoli Baker. He's probably in most danger when his back's against the rope to be fair. He needs to try and stay in the middle of the ring. As you say, nothing's frantic, is it, from Vizoli. Just slowly goes through the gears. So hurtful. Yeah, he's definitely not there after he throws this combination. What a beautiful left hand straight down the guard again of Baker. Doesn't rush his work, doesn't get carried away. Good variation head and body there with the hooks. Yeah, he's very cute with his work and it comes out of nowhere and like you mentioned he's very very fast. Is the game gameness and toughness shown from Baker trying to push Vizoli back just gets bundled to the floor there by a youngster. Just cannot take your eyes off of this one. And you just feel at any second Vizoli could find the shot to end this. Good right hook and a left downstairs from Vizoli. Yeah, he's trying to find the shot. But what's most impressive is he's he's staying cautious. That confidence again shown, hands low, slipping and sliding as he creeps forward. Vizoli. Another very impressive [Applause] round. All right, next up. Don't worry about that. You keep trying. When you're quick with your feet, setting [Music] seeing the speed and the accuracy demonstrating the the highlights there. That left hand, the shot really doing the damage. And he's come out with some real intent here, Pat Vizioli. Yeah, he's got uh you would think he's not got any more springs in his step, but he certainly has. Great works to the body. Oh, one two and then dropping that right to the body. He means business here. Yeah, he does. And Baker's feeling it now. I I believe as I say, five have been stopped. The only man to go the distance with Vizoli is Tempala Asarusi. He showed real toughness in that fight. He took a bit of a beating, but he did hear the final bell. Can Kane Baker do the same? As a game, he comes forward as he tries to in the majority of his contest. Game is fit, strong on the receiving end here. again. Lovely left hand right through the guard of Baker. And Baker tried giving it him then and you know busy all his footwork and head movement and staying relaxed. He didn't lay a glove on him. You know, his defense is he's really second to none and he's putting his shots together nicely. He has total sort of disregard for anything that's coming his way. bus. It's been probably uh something that's been lacking from Kane Baker. As I say, lots of toughness and always willing to get stuck in, but just the one inside the distance from his 19 wins. Happy just to walk forward and land these big shots. Just backs Baker up against the ropes. Lands four or five unanswered rights to the body. really going through the gears now. Walking him onto another left hand. Classy, classy boxing from Vizoli Pat. Yeah, he's looking for that right body shot. I lost count how many times he threw that then. Blistering hand speed again. Spiteful boxing from Visi. And now he's back reading the reading Baker. He's not He's not rushing in. He's taking his time and he knows the shots will come. Yeah, just biting his time still. Plenty of time in this contest to get the finish. Working the body again around that left side of Kane Baker. A joy to watch. He really is. Nice jab from Kane Baker looking to drop right to the body as well. Will that be something on the mind of Kane Baker? try and weather an early storm, try and force himself onto Vizoli late maybe. Yeah, that that's the only chance he's got really. But the way Vizol is looking like just sharp again then he he's not showing any signs of slowing down. Wow. Impressive to say the least from Vizolia. Let's look at this attack. Pat, talk me through this barrage of rights to the body. Yeah, you know, he clipped Baker. He seen Baker retreat to the ropes and he was hurt and that was it. Just an absolute slaughter coming his way. And you know, after he did his piece, he went back to the drawing board and started boxing again off off the jab. And that shows the quality of Fizzoli. I'm sure the social media boy uh boys and girls will be clipping that barrage of shots up and putting that out there. So eye-catching pleasing to watch but for this man very very hurtful but he is tough as they come. [Music] Yeah, Baker is still there. He's tough and uh yeah, don't know how he's still standing to be honest with you. They showed us in the past how strong and how much desire there is, but there does come a point when you're just up against that someone who's that much better than you. That's special individual. I'm sure that is Georgio Vizoli showing us a bit of everything. Good variation. Always looking to set the traps. The little faints with the feet, the dip of the knees to the body, trying to find further openings, looking for that left screw shot. Yeah. What I like as well when Baker is backs to the ropes, he doesn't come lunging into the old here. Oh, and the referee seen enough. The towel also comes in. Giorgio Vizoli moves to 7 and0 as a professional. And it's another one inside the distance. won against you would have to say on paper his toughest opponent and he is absolutely gone through Kane Baker like a knife through butter pat. Yeah, definitely the right decision from Baker's team there 100%. There was no need for him to stay in the ring there cuz Vizoli was only going to go through the gaze as you seen there. Right decision. Hats off to Vizoli. Great performance and onto the next for him. Yeah, we'll see him out very soon. But Pat, this was a brutal display, a hurtful display of punching from young Giorgio Vizoli. Definitely. Yeah. You know, his backhand, he he screws it up and it's a really unique shot and it's hard to throw and uh yeah, when he whips that um right hook around the side as well, the Baker's elbow just behind it, that's also a lethal shot. Yes. So impressive. I mean, he really does have it all. There's going to be tougher test. There's going to be step ups, which that was this evening in his seventh fight. That's doing absolutely everything right so far. That was impressive. Let's hand over to David Mante for the decision. [Music] Ladies and gentlemen, referee John Leam calls a halt in this contest. The official time of the stoppage, 52 seconds of round number four, declaring your winner by TKO. He's still undefeated. Georgie Ho Doli. Well, the best yet I would say from Georgie, very very impressive against Kane Baker. that he has won in impressive fashion there. Eddie Hearn just getting into the ring. He'll be thrilled with the talent and the display there shown from Vizoli. So much to look forward to in the career of the young former repton star, former twoeight ABA champion. We're going to hear from the victor who's alongside Eddie Hearn and our reporter Jamie Ward. Okay, Giorgio, congratulations. 7 and0 spiteful impressive once again. Not a bad way to cap your 22nd birthday week, I imagine. 100%. Didn't didn't celebrate much in my birthday, but uh that's a celebration there. And um yeah, I just want to say big respects to Kane Baker. I think that was his last fight, so true warrior. And um yeah, it was good performance and uh yeah, we move on. We move on. What were you able to take from that performance tonight? Just staying calm and collected. Uh keep them uh keep my focus and just um let my hands go more and um yeah, just sharp punches and uh that's what I did. The right call you believe from from Errol and Kane's team to to throw the talon at that stage of the fight. I think so. Yeah, I think it was taken a lot and um it was the right call and fair place for him. Seen you now what through seven fights just grow and grow with confidence. We know you've had great preparation for this fight out in Las Vegas with Carmel Motton up in Scotland with Lee McGregor. How much is that confidence just due due to the work you're putting in behind the scenes? Uh that camp was the best camp I've ever had. Sparring in Vegas, obviously Carmel, Cubans, Lee McGregor. Uh big thanks to them, but um no, it's a great experience out there and uh yeah, put me in greatstead for this tonight. So, and from Ready Hearn, early days, yeah, but too early to start getting a little bit excited or not? We were excited a long time ago, but um I really want to see him move on there. You know, I just said to the team, he's too good. And you've got to realize you're too good for those levels. So you have to still go through the levels. But you know the way he's coasting through you know Kane Baker is a guy he's boxed forth won English titles like Giorgio is already for me British Commonwealth and European level. It's difficult because you want to try and do those eight rounds and you want to try and get that experience but honestly you're not even seeing him get out of first gear and I don't want him to tread water. I don't want he's not going to get bored, but I just, you know, he's going to get better and better against better opposition. And I think it's a chat now with, you know, Sunny and Antto and and Mark and the team just to say like he's capable now of winning British Commonwealth and European titles. I I truly believe that we don't have to gamble, but we just have to acknowledge how good he is and how easy he's cruising through these levels. And and for me, I want to see him push on, certainly win English titles and, you know, moving to British title eliminators because I just I don't see fighters giving him problems. We know the quality of the the spars he's having in America, that's great experience. He needs to get great experience in here and he's only going to get great experience against much better opposition. And even then, you know, I I think you're looking at unquestionably a future world champion. But we have to keep passing the tests. We have to keep passing the levels. But I want to see I want to see a a bit of a test and unfortunately I don't know where it's going to come from but you know yeah well we we thought I didn't think it was going to come to on paper tonight look like a tough fight but I know how good he is. I know how sharp he is and he's a nightmare. He's a nightmare for those domestic level guys you know and I think you're going to see the best Giorgio Vizoli against world class opposition. That's time to come but we got to we got to step up the opposition now and um keep him active. He's got a great head on his shoulder, great team, world class talent. Final one to you then, Georgia. What excites you about that? More rounds, tougher fights on paper so far at least. Tougher fights coming, titles as well. What excites you about the next phase of your career? It excites me a lot. Um, obviously, yeah, we thought tonight was going to be a bit of a step up. We thought he was going to come a bit more, but unfortunately didn't. But, um, yeah, look, we we we talk with the team and we'll see what happens. Uh, but yeah, I think it's a bright future. Great stuff. Giorgio Vizioli, fantastic performance.