Kind: captions Language: en owners of this ring right here at the O2 Arena, London, England. THE FIGHT STARTS NOW. Introducing first, fighting on the red corner. He was white with red and black trim. He scaled nine stone, 8 lb 7 oz. Professional record, 14 victories, one defeat with four wins coming by way of knockout. He fights out of Wigan Lancasher. Please welcome the wigan warrior Joe Howard and his opponent across the ring fighting out of the blue corner. He wears the gray and black. He scaled the lightweight limit of nine stone 9 lbs. Bang on. Professional record perfect. Nine fights, nine victories with six of his nine wins coming by way of knockout. Fighting out of Alder shot Hampshire. Please welcome the undefeated Georgio Vizoli Violi. Okay, gentlemen, obey my commands. In the event of a knockdown, the fight is standing. We'll go to the furthest neutral corner and stay there. Protect yourself at all times. Touch gloves. &gt;&gt; Well, here we go. 10 rounds in the lightweight division for the English title. Joe Howworth, Georgio Vizoli live at the Indigo 02. excited by this fight and both looking to you know really really make this fight. Oh good work good variation from Vizol back with a left to the body then a straight right they've other fighters have beaten good pressure from how but look at this blistering looking for that left uppercut again working nicely in that corner right hand though from how looking to try and cut the ring off now. Just miss him with a left hook. &gt;&gt; It's those short sharp shots though, you know, that he needs to get off. They take a toll in the long run. If you look at Connor Walker and Pat McCormack a couple weeks back, you know, part of the season amateur, Connor just closed that gap and let his shots go. And how needs to do a bit of the same. Really [cheering] good comparison to see how that fight ended up. Good work though on the back foot from Vivioli to end that round. Respect shown between the two touching gloves. Mark tips. of Howworth lead there. It's actually the right eye. Sorry. And it's coming from the left hand from Vizoli. &gt;&gt; Nice high guard again. That spring in the step. &gt;&gt; As I say that, you just see how just hands high creeping forward. &gt;&gt; Always counter head just getting caught under that top rope. Vizoli. Dave, Jamie, Nigel in the corner. I' like to see more, but this is better better work from Joe Howard. &gt;&gt; Making a real go of this in this seventh round. Joel, &gt;&gt; I mean, look, it's nice to see that he wants to show a bit of a different side maybe to his boxing, but don't fix what isn't broken, you know. But a bag of tricks. The shots come in from from all angles. Good jab overhand right from how team phase one bit if anything can hando &gt;&gt; from how finishing the fight coming on strong here. &gt;&gt; Look at this poor difference for him there maybe. Oh another big backand just creeped through. Has he felt one of these vizoli? I &gt;&gt; think he might have. I think he might have. &gt;&gt; But incredible. Absolutely incredible. I was just showing about his toughness being tested. &gt;&gt; It's definitely being tested here right at the back end. &gt;&gt; Fantastic stuff. It really has been from both the heart and desire &gt;&gt; from Joe Hower. But this snappy sharp class intelligent boxing from the youngster from all the shot in Hamshshire in his first title fight his first 10 rounder. Incredible dog. I can tell you what George and I'm sure you'll visi over to you for [music] the final time this evening. Ladies and gentlemen, let's get a nice round of applause out here for both of these fighters, please. After 10 rounds of action here at the O2 in London, England, we go to the judges score totals. They read as follows. Terry O' Conor 100 to 91. Mark Bates 98 to 92. Lee Every 97 to 93. All three are your winner by unanimous decision. He's still undefeated. And a new English lightweight champion, Georgio Vizoli. &gt;&gt; Yeah, the unanimous decision win for Georgio Vizoli. I would say a career best win when you take who was in the opposite corner. He wins his first title, the vacant English title. Smiles all round. Even Dave Allen and team, they're proud of their man. They're extremely impressed with what they've seen from Vizoli, Sunny Edwards, and Dave Allen to share in Pleasant Trees, which was a very, very good night. What a way to win &gt;&gt; your first title, George. About just heard him say. &gt;&gt; That looks good on me. &gt;&gt; There is his first. &gt;&gt; Well, let's hear from the victor, the new English lightweight champion who's with &gt;&gt; the multi-talented Jamie Ward. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Darren. Giorgio, congratulations. Your first professional title around your waist. your first main event in your first schedule 10 rounder and you've gone the distance. Lots of boxes ticked here tonight. How do you sum that one up? &gt;&gt; Yeah, great experience. Uh obviously thank you to Frank Eddie for the opportunity for giving me a headline, you know, especially in my hometown really close to home. I've boxed here basically all my life. So yeah, great experience. Got the English title to end the year off and uh yeah, been very busy this year. Five fights and um yeah, obviously thank again to the management and um obviously great fight between me and Joe. So yeah, thank you to him. This was called the acid test &gt;&gt; throughout the buildup. Turned into it, I think, tonight, didn't it? Through stages of that fight. How hard did you have to work for victory this evening? &gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely had to work hard. You know, he's relentless. Kept coming forward. Uh had to keep moving. Stay switched on and which I did. Uh that's what I had to do. Um I need these tests, you know what I mean? I've had the I had guys just just sitting there not really throwing anything, just surviving. So Joe come to win for sure. And um yeah, you can see. &gt;&gt; What do you believe did win you the fight though through those 10 rounds tonight? I think just my uh experience, my um in terms of my amateur, my kickboxing experience and my work ethic. Um it's hard to do that for 10 rounds constantly moving. Um so yeah, it was good, good performance. &gt;&gt; And in terms of what this might be the start of, we know you got big dreams. Giorgio, this is the point of these cars that Matron put on to give young stars of the future like yourself the chance to headline and have a taste of the line. Like what do you believe this English belt will be the start of for you? &gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely. It's our first of many titles and um yeah, [snorts] we push on uh until 2026, have a little rest and uh speak to Frank and Eddie and Anto and we'll see what's go see what 26 is going to say. We'll see if we can bring Joe Howorth and Dave Allen in for a quick word as well. Georgia, we just keep you here. Joe, we'll bring you in. You deserve your chance to speak here. A truly spirited effort. A great performance. Commiserations though. How would you sum up the experience sharing the ring with this man? What quite didn't go to plan tonight for you? &gt;&gt; It's all right. I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I try my best and and that's it. That's all we can do is try our best. &gt;&gt; In terms of lessons though for you, a great experience on a Matrum show headlining. I think Frank Smith will tell us in just a moment that you will be back. What will you learn from all this tonight? &gt;&gt; [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] another 10 rounds, but I'll learn. &gt;&gt; Apologies for the for the language, Joe. Let's bring in Dave Allen. Dave, you always tell us uh that listen, Joe Howiff is a fighter who does his talking in the ring. Certainly did that tonight. Are you proud of him this evening? &gt;&gt; Oh, extremely proud. Um he's come from the White Coliseene. You know, he never boxed anyone like that before. You know, we know what an exceptional talent he is. We trained really hard. He's committed. He's been at my house um for the last 10 weeks. And I thought he put in a great performance. Just got beat by the better man tonight. But uh this man will win something. He just he just wants to fight. So, you know, hopefully we go back to the drawing board. He hasn't got much experience, but um he'll win. He'll definitely win something. He definitely I would have him in me house if he didn't. &gt;&gt; Okay, Joe. Dave, thanks for speaking to us. commiserations, Joe, but I'm sure we'll see you back. We'll have a quick word with Matt from CEO Frank Smith. Great to see the respect. What did you make of this man's performance first of all tonight? &gt;&gt; Brilliant performance and that's what look we believe in him. He's going to go all the way to the top. And credit to Joe though as well for coming in there. He kept going, kept pushing, but great, you know, first time first title fight for him. You know, he he fought in America back in October. He now headlines in London and we'll be back out early part next year and he's going to go all the way to the top of the sport. It was a great, you know, he I'm sure he'll look at the performance and want to improve. That's what Antto was saying in the front row as well. He'll look at it and want to make improvements, but a great first title fight for him and a great first headline as well. &gt;&gt; Is that a fair assessment, Georgio, from Frank? You'll be looking forward to getting back in the gym with Mark and Jimmy and the team and watching that one back. &gt;&gt; Yeah, for sure. Um, look, uh, what was that question again, mate? What would you say &gt;&gt; in terms of what Frank was just saying there? Getting back in the gym and watching that one back. You're a student of the game and I'm sure you'll [clears throat] be looking to work on the improvements there. &gt;&gt; Yeah, 100%. That's me. You know what I I'll probably be watching it a thousand times um tomorrow or tonight in my hotel room. That's all I do. Um I watch it uh go back to the team. Uh be critical with it obviously like I always am. But it's a good thing and um yeah uh go back to the gym with Mark and uh we speak and um yeah looking forward to 2026 &gt;&gt; stuff as are we. Giorgio Vizoli first title first of many no doubt about that and the action. That does conclude the action here in London but lots to look forward to on Saturday. Matra making history in Ghana this weekend.