Kind: captions Language: en of those as we say coming by stoppage the two weight two-time ABA champion in with Elas Dugett from Argentina round he's been very very impressive hasn't he Dave Allen been said he's been sparring Aara Davis for this one did a bit traveling sparring around gyms learning his trade I think he's very good yeah I think he's one of the best prospect in British boxing. Actually, whoever Pat Brown, I say he was number one. Doesn't it show you the the difference between the two sports? Am well, I say to the two sports, the two of them, amateur and professional, never stopped anyone in his amateur game. And the way he's punching through the shots, through the target, so impressive. He won he won his last ABA title at uh super super lightweight as well. Yes, he's very good. I think I think the Argentinian doing a bit of boxre box warrioring and um he can look after himself. This is this is a good fighter. Yeah, good fighter. He's tough. Uh his only stop his defeat was up at uh super light as well. This is this is a catchway between super feather and lightweight. So, um interesting. Yeah. And that defeat 18 months ago against now 8-0 Yan or Rosco that was in the eighth round went 10 round last time. So it is a step up you could say in in some ways you know a foreign opponent for obviously came Baker last time and destroyed Baker in the fourth round very very good before that Francisco Lero in five on the lidard ozi undercard the third eighth rounder for Vizoli who's on the front foot letting that speed right hand go with such speed. Always looking for the counter. If you see if you throw something sloppy, you can guarantee you will be countered. We mentioned that that lead hand with the first two guys on before the ball. Maybe perhaps neglecting the jab. We're not seeing that from Vizoli. Good variation with the shot as well. Up and down. I've been very quiet as I've just I've just been watching him there. really intently. Um, a few things I like about him. One, he jabs. Two, he faints. And three, he's not doing a great deal, but he's pushing the other guy back anyway. He's not getting pushed back. He's not getting forced to work harder than he wants to. He's controlling the pace. He's controlling everything. And he doesn't waste anything, does he? You know, if he throws a shot, he makes sure it's delivered properly. Yeah. Just looking to skip to side to side. Good work. looking for the openings using the angles but Dugett on the back foot. He looks fine. He looks composed. He's a good fighter though. You can tell he he knows what he's doing, don't he? Yeah, he looks comfortable as we saidough as well. Yeah, very tough. Winning record and 10 last time out. Good pedigree. Just having a look Vizoli. Good solid opening round for the young man. Dave just telling me that he's tough good duets and you're right he is but it was a good opening round wasn't it just having a look there like the last fight the the the the box I believe between the two of us night and day really is you know I like Vizol though Vizoli he's pushing this guy back he's not doing it with brute force he's not really taking much out of himself He's fainting, he's jabbing, and the other guys having to get on his bike because of it. He's not using physical strength to do it. That's how good he is. I like that. Exactly. Like an Usyk would do. You know, he's not bullying you. I mean, you said the ring, he's firing with 10 seconds. Draining, is it that pressure? It's horrible. Yeah. And it's he's not done by force or not taking nothing out of his doing this. He's making this guy work hard. He's he is good. This fellow is good. And you know me again. Yes. very hard task master. I don't know why I'm like that really. Perfectionist and you need to be in this sport. I think since I became like a bit of the boxing coach myself, you see things differently. Oh, good work though from Vizoli going through the gears there. Changing the levels with the shots. He gets again he looks comfortable. He looks composed. Doesn't look like looks good. He's a good opponent again. I think let's get him in with Brian Phillips. Yeah, good shout. What do you think Vizol is a lightweight or a super featherweight though? I think lightweight. Still a young man. I don't think there's point going to a division that you're going to outgrow. And he could outgrow super feather. I mean, if he was to drop down, I I don't think there's any need for it. I think he's a decent size lightweight. Carries power obviously as we've seen in the past. He's quick. It's good cuz he lands these shots and he a lot of people get excited, land a good shot and they go and just go wild and throw six, seven, eight, and nine, but you're just breaking down is it? Yeah. And his ability to counter punch is so impressive because the shots come from from all angles. It's not the predictable just your your backhand shot over a lazy jab. You know, he'll fire shots to the body, through the middle, blistering hand speed. It really is. And you know, I I really believe that speed, not just of hands, but feet reaction is what elevates you certainly in the lower weights to that next level. He's trying with that right hand. Yeah, he gets really trying with it. Overhand right just taking this thing out of the shot. Keeping that left hand nice and high. Vizoli as the the shot does leave from Dugett. What I like is he's like he's never the same height for long. He's never in the same position for long. He's never the same. He's his head's always in a different position, bending his knees. Yeah, he changes the levels as you say. He's always fainting, always trying to find the openings, trying stuff all the time. But whilst he does that, he's never making mistakes. And you know what? He takes a few out of distance, but he don't take him too far out. He's only a little bit out of distance. Then he's straight back on top of you. And again, like a Lachenko would do that, there's constant pressure. They'll make you miss and they're on you again. You're the best footwork I ever faced. Vladimir Klitschko really he was he was suffocating. He was just never left you alone. Incredible. Yeah. Very very good footwork. Yeah. This is what B straight on top of him again. He needs to be careful with that. Dugett going a bit wild with that overhand right. You'll be made to pay for that. Good work with the left hand from Vizoli to the body. took took a big step back there and a goal for hair. Dugett has another right to the body just round that lead left elbow. Another good round, patient round, discipline round from Vizoli. I think he's doing well. I think this Phil will be easy to switch off and get caught in a big cuz he didn't do much. Then he goes, he's a bit wild with it. But um I think I think I think the Argentinian fell whose name I can't quite pronounce. that fell. I think he'd be an ample for a lot of a lot of superers and lightweights in this country to be honest. Yeah, I mean look, he comes into this fight with ambition. You know, he's won that WBC FCOM suweight title. Not too sure exactly what that title means, but nonetheless, he's won it over 10 rounds. He's certainly come here to try the local f well sorry the the the favorite here in Giorgio Vizoli but not been given the opportunity at all to get any kind of foothold in this early stages of this contest. triple jab to the body there. You feel at any moment he's going to throw that left hand upstairs. Good work. Just looking for that right to the body. Good movement though up and down from Duket Argentina. Is it nice jab and left hand upstairs, right handed upstairs, sorry from Dugett did have a good win against a 12 and0 then Alfredo Sto who's now actually 15 and one. So that was the only defeat for Sto. 10 of his wins coming by stoppage. That was March last year. So he can produce the upset. Yeah, I think this uh dog I think um offensively he's not he's pretty average, but um you can certainly look after yourself. He's strong and tough. And this will be interesting if he can start finding the target and letting shots go and try and unsettle Giorgio Vizoli who's had things all his own way so far in his first seven fights as a professional. If he can try and kind of although he's only 25 old man Vizoli start to get interesting. Yeah, he's starting to take a bit of an interest now and he started to try and push Vizoli back. So it's something different for him. Yeah, faint from the Argentinian. Nice head movement just avoiding that lead hand. Missing wildly though with the left again. Needs to be careful of that. But he's never allowed anyone in his first seven fights. Vizol to growing into the fight. Did this fellow science have a little bit of a go in he? Yeah, he is. That's why I say you know it would be interesting. Seven one and one gets and has got a bit of amateur background. Not on box track. They got he's got six amateur fights on there listed. Club B Argentina. Can you believe it? Box. What a wonderful website. What a wonderful place that is. Incredible. You can find out anything on there. Working man's club. Yeah. And Argentinian's working man's club. Unbelievable, isn't it? But he's I wouldn't say he's getting into it. He's not having much success with physio. His reflex is that good. But um Well, it's a better round. Starting to fancy it, I think. Starting to fancy having a go maybe. Look, this third round certainly the the best for Dugett. He's having a go. I think he's had a look in those first two rounds, but the speed again, that little step back, looking to leave with that right uppercut. Vizoli looking spiteful. Switched on when given the opportunity, it's starting to get a little interesting. Yeah, I think so. [Music] Last up on before the bell, this man here, Aaron Bowen on the paz there with Shani Singh. I have to say that I don't know if you ever see the fight, Aaron Bowen versus James Todd. It has to be the best fight I've ever watched on Before the Bell. Yeah, I did watch it. Yeah, it was a good fight. Fantastic fight. Probably too good for Bowen's liking at that stage of his career, I imagine. When I tell you something about Bowen, what a striking young man he is. Yeah, I've seen him. I've never seen anyone that looks like you ever 10 seconds. In what way? Just just I never I don't know. Just I've never seen anyone that looks like him before. Seconds out. Round one. Me and didn't know what I meant either. You were great. I think I think you're a bit like that as well. I've never I've never seen anyone take that. I mean again I mean you said this it was a compliment the human trick. Yeah I mean it was a compliment. Yeah. Yeah I I am as well. Yeah. Thank you. Back to this one fourth round. Do you think these two look as big as Sullivan? Solomon looks like a division above these though. Probably heightwise but I think that the the I think Vizoli looks more muscle bound to me. Yeah. say muscle bound, but a little bit more chill. Yeah. Bizoli's grandmother apparently is a big fan of mine. So, shout out to uh to her. Hello. You're in the crowd, so you can't hear me right now, but if you watch this back, hello to you. One of many Dave Allen fans apparently. So, yeah. Hands high from Dugett just gets pushed back onto the ropes there. Nothing clean getting through the guard, but good work. Good. You watching this, you think this fell as hard as nails? Who stopped him in Argentina? Who was it? The the what's it called? Arasco. The Spaniard. Sorry. Yeah, the Spaniard. Decent. Look at this. Well, now 8 and0 Rosco trying to draw out that lead. You can see Vizoli just tapping with that lead hand. And again, Dugett's looking for that right hook. You got to be a bit cuter than that with the shots with the speed of reaction, the defense that Vizoli has. I think some of the better work that he's produced who gets is when he's targeting the body with the straight shots first, then works back upstairs. Oh, lovely left uppercut. Getting a little close to the target there, Vizoli. But looks physically strong, doesn't he? Vizoli in comparison to some of the other fights really starting to mature now. Yeah, there's a lot of quality about him. A lot of quality. Yeah, very good. I think Argentinian is is decent offensively. He's not great, but he he knows what he's doing and defensively. He's quite he's clever with it. Yeah, I agree. He's uh a bit of a swinger, isn't he? Yeah, he does let his hands go a little wild at times and that does suit Vizoli who's razor sharp as we've said numerous times with his reactions, but yeah, knows how to look after himself. You see there little step back out of range keeps his hands high. I I want us to just see a faint in between that, you know, then faint and then go then go after faint instead. This is going to set some unraveling. Oh, that's good accuracy with that left hand from Vizoli dropping too low. Chance is catching Dugett who takes him well but again the speed and the accuracy very very eye-catching from Vizoli. Back comes Dukets though just missing with that right hand but he's grown into this contest. A better round though from Vizoli. Really finished the round strong. That was a good round V there. Good round back in control. That's so important, isn't it? You know, knowing how to manage the rounds, manage fights. And it was a better round, wasn't it, a couple of rounds ago from Dugett? But then Vizoli just gained control again tonight. This is Rodriguez will be in this ring. An interesting WBC title as we see that double left hand from Vizoli. Beautiful combination, Dave. Yeah, the junior fell. He took those. You can see him coming, you know. Then I'll take them. Can't get out the way then. Four rounds left. Round five. Stop points. Where you think he's going? I think as you said he looks a very capable fighter dugett and I think if he was to get the stoppage as Johan Orosco did I think it would be a very very good win because right now you would think he Arasco in at 102 you know Arasco weighed 102 when he boxed Doug I think he's winning at 97 yesterday which might explain that result. Yeah, but he's looking to hold the center of the ring here. Det work with that lead hand though from Vizoli. Brilliant variation with the shots. And you just see there just as Du gets goes to to mount an attack. The the speed of foot so impressive just gets the young man out of trouble. Good work though. Nice to the body. That was nice. Yeah, you made me cringe in my seat that one. You got him right above the belt line doing it. Made me cringe. Yeah, those straight shots to the body. Horrible. Yeah, they really are. At times he does lean back to avoid shots. Vizoli. That body stays where it is so he can keep trying to throw those straight shots to the body. Could have more success. He misses with the the wide hooks, doesn't he? Upstairs. He's the only tried to catch that back hand there. Did you see that? He tried catching it and he took his hand off his chin. That was a bit dangerous, I thought, cuz this fell just swings his shots. That right into the body was the only shot he threw correctly all night. I think good footwork again from Vizoli. Step back jab. He did it again there with the uppercut, the left hand. When punching a swinger, I just try and keep my hands by my chin behind my face cuz I don't know where they're coming from. Say safer just have them by your face than it to try and catch them because you have no idea when you throw the shot. No, when they are. Well, when they are not what they do when I throw I do see my punches in I tell you what, you have a real knack of throwing that overhand, right? and staying out of trouble. You keep the head low, don't you? Could really go over the top of the shot. I try I try and put my chin inside my actual shoulder. Weird, right? I don't know. I'm double jointed. Good work though from Vizoli there. Took took the shots on the the guard did dug. Nice changing of the levels there. Stabbing the jab into the body. Vizoli. Good flurry of shots. Free shots. Start up the tempo a little bit. I always wonder as well as a fan, how much notice has this Argentinian fellow had for this fight? Because he looks fit, don't he? I think there was a change of opponent, but he's had at least a couple of weeks. Lands a nice right hand, don't he? [Applause] We'll say starting to break him up a little bit. Yeah. And and I think there's been an increase ever so slightly of work from Vizoli. You can hear Sunny Edwards in the corner along with Mark Tibs. Steve Waters as well, former coach of the Repson. Very experienced team. Kerry Kay as well. He's in good hands is Vizoli. [Music] Have a look at these highlights from that previous round. Sort of up the tempo, didn't he, Dave? Yeah, I think I think uh D gets starting to feel the pace a little bit now. We are we are five rounds in. Like I said, we're not sure what notes he has had. Um it was dangerous for them swings, you know. I think Viz is doing the right things. He's not getting caught. He's not getting hit. He's winning the rounds. But again, like I said earlier, I'd like to see him up the pace now go through the gears. Yeah. And and I think that's the only thing missing really cuz we see in the highlights there changing some angles, trying different things. You know, he's not been the same as he he's tried. I just think up close there. This is boxing. Got to got to do something. Got to got to work hard. Will he up the pace? Vizoli. Seconds out. Round six. In the sixth round, he hasn't put a foot wrong so far against a good opponent as we pointed out in Ilas Dugette. Keeps his hands nice and high. He offers a fair bit in offense when he keeps his shot straight. That's nice work though with that left hand. First and third from Vizoli leaning back managing to take the sting out the shots, isn't he? you get so far in this sixth round. As I say, so far in in the the fights we've seen on before the bell this evening, very good matchmaking. Yeah, it was some good opponents. Very good opponents. Yeah. Tough. Uh this fell for me the this fell for me the best of the lot. I think so far I think he's think he's pretty pretty good actually. Whereas same as Brian Phillips winning record, we talked about visually boxing for British and European tires, I think, at the press conference the other day. So Oh, head clash. Head's coming together there. You mentioned title level. How far off is he off the current British champion? Well, look, this is the third eighth rounder. You'd assume they're stepping up. English title next maybe. You know, you know, I think I think that's been fought for tonight. Yousef Kamari and Lu Doi I think at your call. So good fighters. You know when you start against that English title level, British title level. They're very good fighters. That's a lightweight though. But we know that, don't we? Once you get to a level, you can't then go back down. So they got to pick their their timings correctly. But looking good so far. Giorgio Vizoli. It's difficult though going from this to someone that really is fighting back. That's why the last fight was good cuz someone's outside someone have a go at him now. Having a go now and again, but it's not enough, is it? You feel though that the more the opponent of Vizoli would let their hands go with the speed that he has and the ability to counter punch with such ease would suit the young man. But I look forward to seeing that. This is good work from Vizoli. Nice little skip to his right hand side there. Looking for the left to the body. very very quick hands. Who's got the quicker hands in your opinion, Vizoli or Sullman? Um I think Sullman puts his shots together better, but I think Vizoli maybe more quality in his work when not punching. Yeah, lots of faints. Seeing it again there from Vizoli looking for a long right hook trying to look and set up that shot to the body. Sometimes opponents can be so misleading. He's the only Brian Phillips man and then put Solomon on this fell. You don't know, do you? You know, it's hard. I do think I do think this fell is really really decent. I'd like to see him back again. One of them you'd like to see back again. Yeah. Again, I think all of the opponents have earned their money and and showed their worth this evening and yeah, I'd like to see them all back for sure. Yeah, this this fell might be a good opponent for Solomon. I'll put 99. I agree. [Music] Corners 10 seconds. Great shape, Vizio. He's really starting to physically mature. How old is he though? Second out. 22 years old. 22. Wow. Two more left of this one on before the bowl. Vizoli Dugett. I'm not I'm not pushing as much to want to see a stoppage in this fight as I think as Argentinian I do think he's uh I do think he's good. He's pretty clever. He's got good reflexes as well. He gets his he gets out of the way of the shots and when he was and he was over there in round two I think it was and Vizoli backed him up and he was just changing his height. You you saw it didn't you? I saw you nodding away. He changed his height as Vi was coming in. He was he was he was bobbing up and down and I like it. We're not going to see a sappage here. Hopefully the bone fight I think should be uh should be an exciting one though. They all are. That that's one thing for sure. Whatever Aaron Bowen gets in the ring, it's great entertainment as was that passage of boxing there from Vizoli. Good classy snappy shots. Very good variation Vizoli, hasn't he? I think he does everything good. I think he's very good. Um he's had a lot of stoppage just punch power tonight. You'd say is he is he a massive puncher? I I think it's more speed and accuracy placement walking opponents onto shots. We've seen that in the past. Beautiful shot. This fell is tough. Yeah, really really tough and smart as well. just back in Vizoli into the neutral corner there. Couple of foot faints. I like his I like what he does where he doesn't spend too much time on the back foot though really. He knows he doesn't need to. He'd make he'd make a what has been a pretty easy night. Pretty hard if he got backed up. I think he's really really clever. Oh, good work. Good work right to the body. Back comes Du getso with a jab looking to let his hands go a little bit more. Dave, you was a boxer, Darren. You was a boxer, weren't you? Really? Yeah, that was your style. Yeah. When you watched the Jing opponents, would you back them up and try and get them out of there or would you let them walk onto you or I think that come with experience. I think early on I was still in an amateur mode where I was picking the shots. This is good work though. The knees slightly buckled but comes back with an overhand right that shows to me that he wasn't hurt. Good work up in the tempo here. Vizoli looking for that left hand straight through the middle. Then look for an uppercut. Little bounce in the step of Vizoli who lands another screw shot with that left hand. Looking a little menacing here as he walks forward. But there's the clapper for the 10 seconds and he's heard that Vizoli. He's got to work. The best passage you'd say as far as excitement's concerned from Vizoli there. But yeah, in answering your question, going back to that, I think early on you're learning that I think certainly I was head hunting a lot in the early stages, working the body a little bit more, but I think you know I start started to understand that you got to run up the tempo and that's exactly what Vizoli started doing there in that round. Dave, as a top amateur like Vizol and yourself, all amateur experience big difference you think then between amateur and pro cuz I had an amateur fighter so I wasn't experienced overall. Do you think he turning plays that much difference and you needed that much more time? Yeah, firstly because certainly as you see with Dugett, your opponents slow down slightly. The the work's not as frequent. They're probably a little heavy heavierhanded are the opponents in comparison to amateurs. It's all about progressing. It's all about learning and and managing round as we say. This the third round third rounder for Vizoli and I'm sure he'll be a better fighter for completing the eighth round eight rounds again. There's so much talent there that that's certain certainly something that he has brought from the amateurs. Bundles of ability. Yeah. Eighth round and it's been a good display but a display that Dugett can be proud of as well. You know he's Never really been that troubled, you'd say. No, I think I think all all miss him with an overhand right. And he was lucky there because he pounced on him. Vizoli looking for a a right hook. Nice left there right downstairs. Tell you what, the the hand speed hasn't faded at all from Vizoli. Still razor sharp in this final round. Just slipping on the outside of that left. He just changes his height and his shape all the time. Just must be a nightmare to box. Yeah. To catch cleanly and in front of you all the time as well. Also never really being there either. Yeah, that pressure very impressive. Good work again. Really throwing the shots through the middle now. The uppercuts. Got to keep those elbows tucked in. Dugett does that there. Just takes that left uppercut on the start to feel the pace a bit. Det. Yeah, I'd say he has. Yeah. And and I think it is that you know we've mentioned the pressure of an UK Lachenko what it does to you physically and mentally so draining and we're seeing that as you rightly so Dave oh left hand beautiful shot from Georgio Vizion in this final round fantastic shot and the Argentinian just leans on the ropes. He's got really tired really fast he Wow. That was a fantastic shot from the young man. And we've seen what a spiteful finisher Vizoli can be. And he's really pouncing all over Dugget. A flurry of shots. He's stuck in the neutral corner. The referee is coming close. Go to the body. Got to go to the body. Has to. Well, he just cut to the body. That left hook to the body. Shows he carries that power late. Dropping Dugett in this final round. A fantastic shot and he's done well, Dugett hasn't he, to weather the storm. Still 40 seconds to go in this final round. Can he close the show in style? It's been a very good display of boxing. Nice lead right uppercut from Vizoli. Yeah, he just boxed him into submission. Been really good. Yeah, and he's in survival mode now. Hands low. Just moving, trying to stay out of trouble. Good work to the body. That uppercut again. Such a dangerous shot. again. You can help and he gets through it. Oh, good work again. You think he's too close to his opponent. Oh, just looking away. Good work with the left hand again. He's really, really struggling here. Dugett, you feel at any moment a flurry of shots and that could be all she wrote. Just avoiding that lead hand. And he does hear the final bell. Du gets you have to say fair play because he'd done well for seven rounds. But it was a very good display from Vizoli. He closed the show in style in that final After eight rounds here in Birmingham, we go to referee Ryan Churchill. Scorecard, it reads 80-71 for your winner. He's still undefeated. Georgioho Vizoli. Yeah, Vizoli gets his arm raised. Very, very good display and a display that Dugett can be proud of that we mentioned survived in that last round. Fantastic shot from Vizoli dropping the Argentinian, the WBC Fenonur champion. Respect shown, but that was a good display, a good learning fight, a very good win. And there's the team. Kerry K, Sunny Edwards, Mark Tib, Steve Waters, and Anto as well manager. Very, very good performance from this young man who will push on. It'll be interesting as we pointed