Kind: captions Language: en So for the thousands in attendance and the millions watching around the world, ladies and gentlemen, let's get ready to rumble. Introducing first, fighting out of the blue corner, wearing emerald green and weighing in officially at 167.6 six lbs. An undefeated record consisting of 21 victories, including 17 wins by knockout with one split draw. Fighting out of Ilford, Exits, England. The former British Commonwealth and European middleweight champion ranked number three in the world by Ring Magazine. The undefeated Hamza [Music] Shir and across the ring fighting out of the red corner wearing black trimmed with silver weighing in officially at 167.6 lb. his professional record. 24 fights, 23 victories, including 18 big wins by knockout, only one defeat. The twotime NBO champion from Brooklyn, New York, the chosen one, Edgar. [Music] [Applause] Okay, gentlemen. We're scheduled to box 12 rounds by going over the rules in the dress room. I expect you to obey my commands at all times. Most of all, protect yourself at all times. Touch, gloves. Good luck. [Applause] things. I'm told he's lined up for a fight against Canel Alvarez next year. &gt;&gt; Shiraz is from England, but Pakistani descent. &gt;&gt; Berlinga's been moving really good to avoid the shots. He really hadn't got hit with nothing big so far. &gt;&gt; Banga's trunks say king of New York. &gt;&gt; Excuse me. &gt;&gt; I must have missed one along the way somewhere. Berango was the one who was putting his foot on the top of Shirazi's foot. &gt;&gt; Hey, Banga getting home with that left hook. He's landed about twice in this round and it looked like blood coming from the nose of Shiraz. Oh, good. Almost a good counter. But here it is. When you open your hands up, you give a puncher like Shiraz opportunity to capitalize. That's what's called counter punching. And Shiraz has a reputation as a skilled counter puncher. He just landed a good uppercut. Short uppercut inside &gt;&gt; and a little left hook inside as well. &gt;&gt; Got a little testy after the third round. Ooh, good. Good left hand by left hand lead by Aanga. Landed flush. &gt;&gt; I'm impressed with Shiraza's greater punch variety. He's got more ways to land. Oh, good. He has the &gt;&gt; And down goes Colunga. And he's still Oh, he's better than anything. He's going to have to breathe and relax right now. &gt;&gt; He should even be jumping. I don't know if he's ready to go. That was a brilliant combination by Hamza Shir. And now we'll find out how quickly Banga can Oh, he's out of there, bro. He got to be able to hold it. His defense. He got to all right. He's out and he's still clapping his hands together. Just stay down. The boy hurt bad. Referee David Fields. &gt;&gt; He's showing a lot of hurt right now. I don't think he's ready for to him. He can't let this go on. It's over. &gt;&gt; He's not ready. &gt;&gt; Find out. &gt;&gt; Oh, save by got up. And what a standing it all be that could finish off Berlinga when Canelo couldn't. One knockdown with a left hook, one knockdown with a right cross. &gt;&gt; And there he's got him hurt again. And that's it. That's it. Referee David Fields calls a halt to the contest at 17 seconds of round number five. The winner by knockout victory. And now the mandatory challenger for the WBC Super Middleweight Championship of the World, still undefeated, Hamza Shirro. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Yeah. [Applause] Hamza &gt;&gt; Hamza, congratulations. By far the biggest victory of your career. First fight of 168. How did that feel? &gt;&gt; First of all, massive thank you to the might. Thank you very much. Um, secondly, while we're here, I'd like to thank his excellency Turkey. Listen, after my last performance before this, no promoter would have given me the opportunity. His excellency gave me the opportunity to write to bounce right back. I spoke to him Monday. He said, "Put on a great performance for me." And I stuck to my word. Thank you, excellency. I appreciate you. Turkey also has talked to you about fighting the biggest star in all of boxing, Canelo Alvarez, next year. Canelo obviously has a super fight against Terrence Crawford first, but win or lose, two more fights at least with Turkey and Rio season. How big would that be for you? &gt;&gt; Listen, Canelo's always been a boxing hero of mine. So, even for my name to be mentioned in the same sentence as his, that's a great achievement myself. But listen, if I do get the opportunity to fight him, it won't be one of those where I try to nick it on points. I will stand in the middle with him and have it out. Listen, and whoever lands first, I suppose they got knocked out, didn't they? &gt;&gt; It was a great promotion. He had a promotion. Edgar Ronaldo talked a lot of trash. You took it and now you knock him out for the first time in his career. He went the distance with Canelo. And we're going to take a look at the knockout right here. It was a tremendous shots, two knockdowns, and then you finished him off in the following rounds. Tell us how it happened. &gt;&gt; Um, just a massive thank you to Andy Lee, wherever he is. He's somewhere here. A man who put his faith and his trust in me. Um, and even in first few rounds, I was losing them. But we had a plan. I told him in his ear, I can hunt this guy down. I told him and he believed me. And not many coaches do that. So, Andy, thank you very much. Yeah, this was your first fight with Andy Lee. A hell of a punch for himself at 160 lbs. Andy, what did Hamza show you in his first training camp in Dublin? &gt;&gt; This big heart, very strong, very strong here in the hand, left hand, but only to scratching the surface. There's so much potential left for this guy. It's It's scary how far he can go. Listen, take notice. New star in world boxing, Hamza Shira. And I'd also like to to say a massive thank you to Edgar Belena for giving me the opportunity to fight in his back home. Like I said, a massive thank you to the Mexicans, to the Puerto Ricans, to the Dominicans, to the Pakistani, and the great British public at home who have been supporting me from day one. I appreciate you guys. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Edgar Manga showed a lot of heart. I couldn't believe he got up off the up after that second knockdown. He won face first. Were you surprised he got up? Uh yeah, I was to be fair, but I knew that he'd get up because he's done it before. But listen, I promise you, I swear to you, whoever was in the ring with you today, there was no stopping me. After my last fight, the amount of abuse I got on social media in person, I understand it's part of boxing, but it made me a hungrier fighter. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that last fight against Carlos Adamus, that was your first title shot at 160 lbs. It was a draw. Many felt you lost, and like you said, you received a lot of criticism. How good does this feel now to vindicate yourself? That's why I got on my knees and got to tears and I thank God because I promise you when I say there was nothing stopping me, there was nothing stopping me. My first fight here in New York, I appreciate all you guys. Thank you, New York. &gt;&gt; Hamza Shiraz, congratulations. All the ingredients to be a big star. Well done. &gt;&gt; Thank you very much. I appreciate you. Thank you.