Kind: captions Language: en Yeah. Huh? Big man, how are you doing? Big man, how are you doing? How are you doing, mate? How are you? Good to see you, mate. How are you doing, mate? You good? We never done anything like that. It's only right, man. You got to do something different when I'm here. I'm excited, man. So, just gone 5:30 in the morning. Stayed here all night, you know, dedication to the cause, and but uh yeah, we're uh filming a a special promo for the announcement of Ben Whittaker and Matchroom today, which is unbelievable, obviously. Sorry, mate. Thank you very much. &gt;&gt; Let's go. Nice. Got a bit further than the first time, right? No, mate. Thanks. Nice stuff. Yeah, she don't like the fact that I box. I don't think any mom does, but No. you know, I'm good at it, so she understands. We have a SWAT team, they're storming the building, they're searching for this this mythical figure that they've been chasing for years. As they slowly work their way through the space, they come across figure in the middle of this sort of coliseum. That figure will then levitate and elevate to maybe, you know, 20, 30 ft in the air. They're looking for him. Is that the idea? Yeah, they find him and this at this point when he raises up. What we're going to do is just have him on on a on a ladder, literally. &gt;&gt; Okay. And then it we're profile, and let's say that's the area and that's the frame, you know, so he'll come in like that. Like this, and then come up like or whatever you want to do. Cool. GCSE PE mat on the floor next to him. It's all very uh Yeah, actually, I'm going to put some cold water on my eye. I look a bit dry. What music do you like? Is there something you like? What is it? Oh, we got this all right, mate. All right, whatever you get to it. Yeah, I know I dig it, mate. I know I dig it. Yeah? I said, "Only time we're going to put on today, I'm going to slide out the car, mate." Please. [Music] Show me the money. You already know, mate. Do we stick an FX3 when he's in the harness? Do you stick an FX3 in his hand? I did. So, you could see his feet dangling and stuff. &gt;&gt; And just sort of well, they'll be on the feet because of the mats, unless they move it all out the way, but more just the perspective of it coming up. So, it's less like drugs raid. It's more like more cautious. Like a ninja kind of style. &gt;&gt; Yeah, yeah. So, you sort of because they they're not sure what's waiting for them. Okay. So, yeah, so it can be more &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, we're behind the pillar here just slightly. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He comes through the door. Bit of SWAT team, bit of rogue. Like, we've got all-in-ones, bulletproof vests, balaclavas. I look ridiculous, mate. I thought I was actually going to look half cool. Ironic, isn't it? I'm as close to Ben Whittaker as uh as we have on as we have on set. Both in stature and athletic ability. So, for that reason, they want to test it for a similar weight. So, uh watch or no watch? Yeah, whatever you want. Yeah, a bit of bling, if you don't mind. Ah, that's what I like to hear. What's he got? Uh just a Richard Mille, you know. Just get you around day to day. Is this boxer always modeling, mate? Feel like British next top model. I said the time or nothing. I don't even know the time. Where does the jump? Where does the jump? But you know, This is our performance SWAT team as first moving into this space. They're moving with trepidation because they're not sure what awaits them. They've had a tip-off. They think who they're looking for is in this space. Kind of a ex-special forces militia vibe more than it is police SWAT. So, do that at a nice good pace. Keep that up. Slowly, Jamie. There you go. Cool. Let Jules be in front of you, Jamie. Reset that, and we're going a real quick one, this one. This is like really fighting through. And action, boys. Right to the middle, Jamie. Right to the middle. There you go. Nice. That's really good. Wait till I pick my missus up later, like getting the car like this. Cuz I told her it was top secret. I mean, the promo's cool, but like of all the fighters, if you said to me right now in the UK, who would you want? Ben Whittaker's definitely right up there. So easy to work with, understands it all, flashy, fun. What you saying, big man? You good? We got over the line, didn't we, man? What took you so long? You know what, man? It's you got to play hard to get when you're this good-looking. &gt;&gt; I know, you do. Don't worry, mate. It's been a It's been a long slog. There's There's five things that we're going to do. Yeah. Number one, we're going to make you the championship fighter Um and world-class elite operator that I know you can be. That's what I like to hear, mate. Number two, we're going to continue to raise your profile, but this time on a global level. Number three, you're going to win championships and create a legacy within the sport of boxing. Number four, we're going to make a shitload of money. And number five, and perhaps most importantly of all, we're going to look good doing it. That's what I like to hear, big man. You know I just got Welcome to the team, mate. Ah, mate, thank you very much, mate. I'll see you soon. Take care, mate. Thank you very much. I'm I'm doing all this in my pants, you know, mate. Only my pants. Yeah, don't go down, mate. [Laughter] I'll just just scream over the whole thing. So, look up, and then I'll say scream. You want to say scream or roar? [Laughter] [Music] And three, two, one, lift. SCREAM. BEN IS ABOUT TO LEVITATE IN THE AIR. THINK we're about to burst. It's Ben Whittaker. However, this is when Frank Smith then takes his balaclava off from as my character, and it's him looking up at Ben. This is where the acting career starts. Can you imagine if this was my first role in a major production? And from here, I go on to take over the world. Yeah, so this is our hero shot, the moment where Ben is confronted by the tact team. He stands, and he's going to raise himself as if by magical powers up 20 ft or so before crashing back down into the ground. [Music] The money maker down there is screaming right now, mate. This thing is tight, mate. These gloves are the same color as your beard. Yeah. That's actually a Yeah. Yeah. Can you grow a beard? Huh? Can you grow a beard? Oh. It's a nice one, you see. I'm good. Well, I've only been here half an hour, to be fair. Ben's been here about 6 hours. These boys have been working so, you know. I had Jamie Wood, I had a stunt double. Ben's probably confused why I got a stunt double when he didn't. You can't stand the wood You can't stand the wood of this. Um Could have put some licking stick tattoos on you, mate. You could have This is my first shoot, you know. I was like I I didn't know what was going I thought someone was going on the way you come down the stairs. Awesome. I don't know. I can't really say. Oh, hell. That'd be Can you give me a complex? Very good. Levitate in the air, drop it to the floor like a superhero, doing it all, but I'm excited for everybody to see it. Movie time, maybe. If it don't come out how it should, I'll do it. What we'll do, we'll let him watch it, and if he thinks I add to it, he can he can keep me in. And if he doesn't, he can remove &gt;&gt; He would have kicked me out the frame. Just cut completely cut me. For years, they hunted a myth, a master of evasion, a ghost in the shadows. Keep them moving. Eyes ahead. But those years were not exiled. They were Contact, front. evolution, enduring, Advance. transcending Weapons up. into a higher form. And now, the ghost steps into the light, armed with new power, new belief, new backing. The level up is complete. What's my role, exactly? I'm going down the pub with my work card now. All right. How many beers can I have on my work card tonight? Four. Get in. Get in. Life is good.