Kind: captions Language: en The fight starts now. Introducing first, fighting out of the red corner. He wears solid white. He scaled 10 stones, 6 lb 5 oz. His professional record perfect. 21 fights, 21 victories with nine wins coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, here is the reigning, defending, undefeated IBF Intercontinental Welterweight Champion fighting out of Brighton, England, Harlem Upponent [Applause] across the ring fighting out of the blue corner. He wears the trunks with the blue lettering. This skilled south exactly the same atte 6 lb 5 oz. Professional record 30 victories two defeats with 13 wins coming by way of knockout. Here is the former British and WBO European and Intercontinental Junior Welterweight Champion and the former world title challenger by Shlando [Applause] Car. [Applause] break him up here. Yeah, but I feel like what he's doing there, backing up and making Jack come forward. A lot of people maybe four or five years ago, oh, good shot. But they would never would have saw that coming. Yeah, that was good. Brought his feet in there. Jack Catrol stepped in with a one two. And if he is going to be proactive on the front foot, those feet are going to be so important that he brings them in. Double up on the jab. Charlie beat applauding him in the corner. Ray smile from this time. The problem is when you've been sort of waiting for this moment, it means that little bit more for you and sometimes that oh good shot land you can cut all there but sometimes that can make you eventually got the rematch and got the job done. I thought he won easier the first time but he's had tough nights and he's not had that world title around him. He almost deserves it but he's 31 and you've still got to go out there and get it. Yeah. And I think oh bit of an awkward fall there by both got momentum here and he's the natural welterweight. Looks incredible shape and that's better from Eubank and he just going to go. Beautiful shot straight through the guard again of Eubank to tighten tighten up a bit defensively but this is good pressure again varying up where he's positioned himself in the ring cap. He's happy to be back to pick him off. The human's having a little bit of success, but he's trying to get to the tank too quick and smother in his own word. They're spot on though in the corner. Nigel Travis there as you said the second phase attack just clashing heads there and again nasty cut and Eubank as well. left eye view came first I think and then Catrol has been cut as well and he's really angry about that and that could be a real problem but officials what happens next here it's over that's it was Eubanks one to me it looked like the doctor from Harlem's corner was the one that said so to the ref from Jack's corner he said you have a bad cop and Jack went, "I'm all right, let's go." And he turned and the the the doctor in the corner of Harlem Eubank was still speaking to the referee when the other corner doctor had sat down. Chaos here. Harlem Eubank celebrating Jack Cel just bewildered by this. Bob Williams stops the fight. You would suspect that Catch will get the win for both cuts. Clash of heads. catch's worse, but it seems that Eubank's doctor or that corner curtail the fight. It's a well, we've seen it all in boxing, S. It's a strange finish. It's a bit unsatisfactory for both fighters. Catch will get the win. Um, I think so if it goes to the scorecards the way we expect it to. Obviously, we didn't hear. No official confir. They're taking their time with the scorecards. They are taking their time. Jack Cro waits. Jamie Moore doesn't seem happy. Meanwhile, a fortnight's time, the undisputed heavyweight world championship, Daniel gets his big opportunity after that win over AJ. But can he beat the power for pound king? This man Alexander Usyk, it's a massive ask. But it's live on the zone July the 19th. Jack Catel appla applauding his fans. Um he seemed to box in a good rhythm, Barry. He did. He made He saw he slows the tempo down, the pace down, which means he when it's slow, he can control the pace and and Eubank need to get his foot on the outside, double his jab in and be willing to block and and then fire out of the way rather than jump into his attacks. When he jumped into attack, Eubank quite often he got a little bit too close to the target and even his cut his cuts bad enough. That's I think that's why it was stopped in that corner. We're all looking at Jack Catrol cuz it seems a lot worse. But meanwhile, the other doctor was looking at Harlem's fight over. What happens next? Well, the rules are if it's four completed rounds, it's an accidental clash of heads or is that if it's an accidental clash of heads before four rounds? Oh, I think that after it still goes to the scorecard. Yeah, it still goes to the score card. It's only if it's before and the fight gets stopped before the end of the fourth round, then it's a no contest. It's a draw. And I think as much as a frustrating finish is a cut, that's even worse. After four rounds, it's got to go to the cards. WBA and IBF officials. Maybe a rematch, but those cuts have got to heal. Harlem celebrating Jack Catel applauding the fans. Does think he's got it? Look, catch an exist in my opinion. Yeah, it was nip and tug. It was close. It were It was ky at times, but I feel he done enough catching. Well, let's find out the end of this story. Bob Williams with the two fighters and David Deiamonte to explain everything. Ladies and gentlemen, referee Bob Williams calls a halt in this contest at 1 second of round number seven due to an unintentional head clash. Therefore, we go to the judge of score totals for a technical decision. [Applause] Marcus McDonald 6965. [Applause] Steve Gray and John Leam both scored this about 6966. All three for your winner by unanimous decision. And the new WBA International and IBF Intercontinental Welterweight Champion Edo Jack. Jack Casual wins unanimously on the scorecards and fairly wide as well. He raises Harm Eubank's hand. There was a really good effort from Eubank, but he couldn't quite solve the catchal puzzle and then the clash of heads times two. Boxing is mad. Yeah, when you think you've seen it all. But yeah, look, there were close rounds, but that's the right decision. It's an unfortunate ending, but Catrol got in a rhythm better, didn't he? Showed us a little bit more. And there was times you felt Harlem should have brought his feet in, should have let more shots go, but just couldn't get going. And that's down to Jack Catrol. Right man wins.