Kind: captions Language: en Maca, the debut of all debuts. Fighting at Madison Square Garden, impressing. Barry, he's looked very good, hasn't he? Yeah, he really has. Yeah, he's aggressive and you know, he takes his time and we always say that's a sign of a of a quality fighter where you know, they they don't rush their work, but they get it done up there early. And and he he's that sort of fighter, isn't he? He's just no knows the time, knows the patience, but explosive in every punch. Puts his punches in in combinations quite fluently. Has the power to get the finish early. Someone like yourself, Sky, littered in amateur pedigree and you can see it, can't you, with Adam Maca? Yeah, you can always see it in the young ones coming through that have that have done the the apprenticeship in the amateurs and and Adam's definitely one of those. This is my first time seeing him in the flesh, but you can already see it. He's a very talented young fighter. Yeah, razor sharp with everything he does and there's that intent, as I said. Nice stiff jab from Maca again. Managed to approach so far. Good shots. Counter there, Bautista. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it was a counter left hook, wasn't it? On the back foot, beautiful shot, well timed. And you know, he's he's going to come up against people who are not going to allow you to you know, dictate all the space. But still, he's I took habits again. He's forcing you into into his sort of where he wants you to be. So, he's engineering already where he wants his opponent to be around the ring. So, he's taking the center of the ring and he's being the bully in there and that's not a bad thing. Oh, fighting right to the body from Maca. Works nicely, doesn't he, behind that lead jab? At times, just pours out, as you see, but throws a nice left to the body there. He just walked into that. Using the Bautista, using the feet there. Maca is getting in and out to explode in the combination and also having enough on the balls of the front foot just to retreat as well. There it is. Yeah, we we talk about it a lot, don't we, Barry? Certainly on prelims where we're looking at these youngsters come through, but balance so important and we're seeing that, aren't we, with Adam Maca? &gt;&gt; Well, it is you know, and as Sky is a perfect example of this, you know, a fantastic mover that we've seen throughout his career, but the new Sky is doing more of this. And it's yeah, once you know having balance and footwork, you tend to think it's about moving, but you realize it actually it is more than that. You can change the way you box and you can and it gives you so many angles and options to what you want to do. It does. It just gives you much more time as well. It keeps you in full control. You don't always have to be throwing a lot of punches, but just being that presence in front of them, giving them something to think about all the time. And I feel like Adam's doing that really well. When he's not punching, he's fainting. He's creeping. He's always got his feet right under him. He's got that great balance. Yeah, and with that balance and that footwork, it allows you an escape as always. And to be aggressive if you I want to be aggressive, but also you have an option to retreat and get out of the way and spin around the target, which you I'm the biggest fan of. Started the round really, really well with the lead hand. He's starting to get the backhand in the play now. It's landing again on the side of Bautista's head. Never exaggerates the movement, does he, Maca? If he takes a step back, he's straight back in. So important as an impressive opening round here from the youngster who again showing that fire at the end of the opening round. From Brighton, Maca has those Albanian roots. Represented Albania in the amateurs. He had actually 80 amateur fights, won 70, lost his first four as a 10-year-old. [Music] Did his highlights. All good fighters lose their first amateur contest. How did you get on yours? Yeah, won my first four. Me too, Darren. Me too. There you go. But yeah, good work, Sky, from Maca in the opening round. Yeah, very, very good. And like you said, 170 out of 80 and four of those losses were in his first four fights as a 10-year-old. I think you lose your first 10 you lose your first four fights as a 10-year-old and you keep going, I just think that shows a lot of character in itself. &gt;&gt; Yeah, six-time national champion, five in England and one in his father's homeland of Albania, two European gold medals and a world youth game silver medal. So, in those 80 fights, those 70 wins, an awful lot of higher quality contests. But look how look how calm he is. But you you've got to remember how young he is as well. You know, that that exuberance of youth usually makes you rush your work, you know, when you know you have speed and power and certainly against opposition you know are not as good as you, you tend to think you just want to go out there and be too excited and rush your work and he's not. Chop him right hand again and the legs look unsteady from Bautista. He followed with a right uppercut and again we're seeing the education from Maca, but getting carried away, taking his shot, getting greedy. Very good work, Barry. Landed a lovely left hook as well. He knows that faint with the jab, doesn't he, and that left hook? But what he's doing now is is dipping over the body, fainting with the jab with the body and then right hand over the top. He cannot miss with his right hand at the minute and he's using that left hand really, really well to open up the guard of Bautista. He's a good finisher, isn't he, Sky? Yeah, but at the same time so patient, which is so impressive to see in such a young fighter as well. Doubling up with the right hand. This is constant pressure now. Look at the angles. I know Barry and yourself are enjoying this movement from the youngster. Oh, and again, just skipping to his left, back to his right. Looking for the uppercut. This is super impressive from Adam Maca in this second round at York Hall. But look at the focus on his eyes as well. He's having everything his own way here. You you would forgive him if he did lose his shape a little bit and just swung for the rafters, but everything's focused. As I say, Bautista comes in here with a losing record, but only stopped four times from the 21 defeats. So, usually knows how to look after himself and hasn't been stopped for 2 years, but the way this one's going, Well, he can't stop the punches cuz he's not sure he's not sure where they're coming from. That's very, very true. This he he can't he can't read the rhythm of Maca and he certainly can't understand when Maca changes the angle. Oh, he's just really chopping down with that right hand so well. And then he'll finish with that left hook that's been impressive. Well, the variation, Sky, has been great. Lovely right uppercut there as well. I was looking for it again. Sinking him blows. He knows 19 years old, Adam Maca. He knows he's going to get him out of there, so it's no it's just a matter of when, not if. And again, he's got to keep that head up or if he's going to put the head down, make sure your hands are high and those elbows are tucked in. Still 40 seconds to go in this second round. The way the way he was the way he spins onto the right towards that left hook, very um [Music] I think so, yeah. Yeah. I thought you thought you were looking at me as if you were going to say Adam Maca, but No, I love Adam Maca. I just I just didn't want to say my name. You got to give it to Bautista though. He's took some big shots in this round and he's still fighting back. Yeah, he's he's game, he's tough, that's for sure. But he's on the receiving end and he's just taking a step back here. It was a a constant barrage of shots throughout this second round. So, we'll we'll let Adam Maca off. Bautista bravely coming back with a couple of shots on the gloves of Maca, but I'll tell you what, that was an extremely extremely impressive second round from Adam Maca. Do you know what? He didn't get it he didn't get the he didn't finish the fight in the in that round and and maybe he could have and he hurt him with the first shot, but I was more impressed with that he didn't rush his work, as you said, Sky. He didn't lose his shape. He hit him with a lovely right hand. He was all over the place. His his knees dipped. He almost went down. And he might maybe if he would have just thrown a million punches, he might have got the stoppage, but it was all clean work and he thought about every punch he threw. Beautiful, Sky. Look at that. Fantastic work. The thing I'm noticing with Adam as well, he doesn't waste any energy. He's not he's not throwing any shots that he doesn't think are going to land clean. Everything is very, very well thought out. You can see it. And I like that about him. I think that's rare in a in a young fighter. Well, as we often say in prelims when these youngsters are in with Yeah, you could say journeyman. It's going to be tougher test, but when you look at what Adam Maca's got as far as talent, ambition and fire in those eyes, the future looks very bright and he gets straight back to work at the start of this third round. Looking for that right hand, the left hook. The shots are raining in from all angles, Barry. Yeah, they are again and and he's he's keeping that distance as well. So, he's throwing everything nice and long. He's not very rarely shortening up to allow Bautista a chance to fire back which which really then just gives him a free shot at the target. Seen him sinking a few body shots at the start of this third round. Is that tactics to get the hands low? Look at this sharp jab again. Switching. Looking to confuse Bautista even more. Oh, right hand though. A reminder there to stay switched on. Bautista, but he's he's fired up now. Oh, no, that's another right hand. He looks unsteady, Barry. Yeah, he is. He's been hurt. He has been. And Bautista Bautista knows it as well. Well, you just could not see this coming. Another right hand. But I'll tell you, I can see Maca just jab. And and this is where it's a worry for a youngster because you'll still want to showboat rather than just take it on the chin, swallow your pride, keep your hands up. He just got carried away, didn't he? He started switching, got complacent and landed a good shot, did Bautista. &gt;&gt; a bad thing if he loses, but it's not a bad thing overall. Well, he lost his concentration. Of course he's got he's having everything his own way. He got caught with a good shot. How will he react? It's not a bad thing to see this early in his career. That is that almost a welcome to the professional code. Well, it's just a a thing you have to learn. Sometimes you learn it without getting caught with a shot. Sometimes you learn it when you get hurt. Then I need to To my focus even in a fight that I'm dominating against a guy who loses every fight. You sometimes you just think he they can never hurt you. You can't get caught. It's all your own way, but you are against a guy who is sometimes trying to throw punches back. That's just under a minute to go in this third round. &gt;&gt; Big right hand again there, landing it clean from Batista. Yeah, if you're the trainer team of Mac in the corner, what are you saying in the break? You're saying go back to what you did in the first two rounds. Um he what he was doing was perfect. He was applying smart pressure. He had tight hands and he was doing everything to the book. He wasn't wasting shots and I feel like he came out in the third round and changed his style when he really didn't need to. Maybe he's trying to show variety. Maybe he's trying to practice things he's been working on and I'd be saying no, go back to what you were doing in the first two rounds when it was working cuz um he's he's copped a few shots this round that he probably shouldn't have needed to. Well, once he got hurt, then I think he became a more vulnerable target. I think he didn't realize he just had to stay safe. He just lost his concentration for a little while, that's all, but he could in this sport you need to concentrate and and you can get knocked out and it's not a bad lesson to learn. Yeah, but testing round Mac, rather Mac up. Having it all his own way then the shot out of nowhere which we'll see here just spun the round on its head. Yeah, it it didn't look like that heavy of a shot to be fair. He was just a little bit off balance when he took it, but he took another one straight after it as well, I think, or a few seconds after which also shook him up. See here, just he's leaning in back, little bit off balance but it was a bad shot then. In the slow motion for sure. Yeah, he was tall, wasn't he? Stepped right in with the shot. Look, he misses with the left hook, skyed and lands that right hand. I think that's another one later on in the round. But some reminders there that you have to stay switched on. Yeah, a few a few clean shots got through there and I think it it will be a wake up call for Mac. I think we'll see him come out in this next round probably a little bit tighter. Um keeping things a little bit tidy and going back to what he was doing earlier on in the fight. But I think we're going to see a bit more hunger from Batista as well. So it'll be interesting. Yeah, all sets up this final round nicely. Batista, Adam Mac up. Boxed nicely in the first two. Shot from Batista in the third kind of changed things a little bit. Did get back into the round nicely though, Adam Mac up. This is better. Yeah, this is good boxing. Showing us that pedigree. Oh, right hand he's taken those so well, I must say. Batista takes another one flush on the chin, Barry. And it's good to see Mac just come up and and resumes the normal order of service here. He hasn't gone into his shell. And again, when he punches long, he's fine, he's safe. Then he can come back and he gets a full punch through the punches through the target, turns the body into the shot, punches nice and neat. When he punches long, he looks a better fighter for it. [Music] Yeah, Mac who's boxing here, moving nicely, using the jab well, that lead right hand, keeping his balance nicely. And he's keeping his back hand up while he's throwing the jab as well. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he is. Oh, again, Batista looks like he's stunned by that right hand and a left hook. And this is a good onslaught of punches from Adam Mac, and the man from Brighton has really gone through the gears. Solid barrage of shots. There's body. Batista under the cosh. Lee Every and a real look here, another one-two lands. Just not going to happen if you're too close here, Mac. He really loads shots in. Slow it down a little bit to get more purchase on the punch. Take another angle. Take a little step. Just under halfway in this final round and the referee, Lee Every, steps in and calls a halt to this contest. Adam Mac moves to three and oh as a professional against the usually game Juan Batista who gets stopped for the fifth time in his career. Adam Mac up. Impressive. [Applause] Yeah, a good barrage of punches there from Mac. And again, just that work ethic there to keep throwing and and the energy to keep the power in every shot. And once he hit with the right hand there, maybe just a wake up call from the previous round, he thought, "I'm not letting him off the hook in this round." He just kept raining in those powerful shots. Nice and long for the most part as well. And Batista had no complaining and I I understand why cuz he was on his feet and he was aware of what was going on. He was just still taking too many heavy shots. Yeah, he was taking too many heavy shots. I don't I don't complain about the stoppage. He wasn't happy and I understand why, but a really good performance there from Mac. And also, not bad that he had a wake up call. I mean, you you've got to learn at some point you're going to take a shot and he took the shot and he you know, he was he was wobbled a little bit, but he recovered and he came back in the next round full of positivity, full of power. And we saw again another good performance. &gt;&gt; A a blessing that third round, Sky? Yeah, I think he's going to learn so much from that from that fight. Um especially from round three. I think these are these are the moments that build a great fighter and uh he got through it and he showed what he was made of and and had a great finish, so. Yeah, great finish it was. Very impressive from the youngster from Brighton. Let's hand over to David. Ladies and gentlemen, the end comes at 1 minute and 42 seconds of round number four. Referee Lee Every steps in and calls a halt to this contest, declaring a winner by TKO, he's still undefeated, Adam "The Mac" Macar. Adam "The Mac" Macar moves to three and oh as we say, impressive victory over Juan Batista who did get tagged in the third round, but as we say, they're probably not the worst thing in the world. A reminder you've got to stay switched on in this game. Doesn't matter who they they are in front of you. Most people if they catch you on the chin have the ability to to stun you, to hurt you. Smile from Eddie Hearn. We're going to hear from Adam Mac shortly. Charlie Parsons, our reporter, is in the ring. It'd be interesting if Charlie did ask him about whether he hurt in that round and how he felt when he did take a big shot. Cuz I thought I thought he panicked a little bit, but I think he regained that composure Oh, it was a quick quickly. Yeah, he did. Well, look, let's hand over to Charlie who's with our victor. Well, Adam Macar, congratulations. Another stoppage victory. Um just talk me through the stoppage. Just so many punches and the referee just said no, that was enough. Yeah, look, we was breaking him down in the fight. Um and then just looking for them shots, you know, slowing it down a bit, not being so erratic and then come to the fourth round, I thought I'll take him out now. You know, it's only it's only four rounds, like I don't have the time to to be messing around. First and second round boxed really really well. Would you say you got a little bit complacent there in the third? Looks like you caught a shot. Were you hurt at all? No, I wasn't hurt. It was just a little uh little trip and um look, it's it's boxing at the end of the day. You can't swim without getting wet. Try to keep as dry as possible though. Promoter Eddie Hearn, we'll bring you in there. Three and oh, fun, exciting, a little wobble in the third, but all good. Yeah, I mean, that's what you're going to get from Adam. Actually, earlier on in the fight he boxed much calmer than normal. And then in the third round he come out, Sam said, "Oh, he will try and stop him here." And he walked onto a couple. It was a bit more exciting than we wanted it to be sometimes, but that's what he's going to do. He's going to bring excitement all the time. He could have sold this place out he's on his own tonight just in a four rounder. He's a very popular young fighter. Lots to learn. Lots to learn. As you step up the levels, you can't afford to take shots back like that, but he's exciting and that's the kind of fights he's going to be in. So, moving along nicely onto six rounders now, I believe, and that will suit him a lot better. Get into the fight, give him an opportunity to just be a little bit calmer and break these guys down. Madison Square Garden to York Hall, it's not a bad life for Adam Macar. No, it's it's all right, you know. This is like the the Mecca of British boxing, so it's a great place to be. Um I didn't get as many tickets as I'd like, but still got all my people here. You sell it out next time. Adam, congratulations. Well done.