Kind: captions Language: en [Applause] Let's go. Let's go. 55 56 57 58 59 All right. So today we're doing eight 800 meters. And you have to come in 3 minutes and you get the 1-minute break recovery. You you slowing down on the second one by like like 5 6 seconds. You got to got to relax and stay stay strong. Number three. Set. Go. All right. Let's go. [Applause] 53 54 55 56 [Applause] 3 minutes. 3 1 81 82 83 84 You are in here around 3 months before in April 28th. I would say pretty good environment like the same like India as a same temperature and a a very nice environment. Um the culture is different as compared to India. Like in India we have a very uh big family. So all there are very supportive. And here only me, my brother, and coach Ron. For me it's very hard. Yes, but for Nishant Dev he left his home when he when he was like 16 year old. He went to Bellary, Karnataka with coach Ron and he trained there almost like 7 years. Lot of things. Lot of combination. Offense defense offense defense. In in US it's very different culture than Indian culture. Back in India I the training is also hard but like the facilities we have here and the the training mentality, the mindset, the people, the coaches have is very different. So that's why I like the mentality of the US people. They they coming they coming for everything. They they are not for losing. They are just coming for winning. So that's how my men mentality become now. Time. Hi man. I say hi to you. Good. [Applause] So we're going to make some bread omelet today. Some like for some Indian spices on. And that's going to be our breakfast protein. We're going to take with the four eggs. And then I'm going to cut down with the sweet potato for the carbohydrates. And then later on I'm going to eat some uh yogurt, some juice. I'm going to remove the yellow part from it. Because that's very that's a high fat and I don't like the yellow part. I like the white part but the yellow part is is like disgusting. I realize now when people say boxing is the loneliest sport in in the world. And before I was like having fun and chill. But now after I am pro coming in professional now I really knew about how boxing is lonely. You have to just wake up yourself. You have to make a food by yourself. You have to eat then you have to train then you have to come back. You have to take shower, make the food again, have some sleep, take care of yourself, your body, your hydration, your food. And then you have to come back again and train and sleep. This is what I'm living from over like past 5 months. But sometimes on on weekends I mostly talk with my mother. I was joint family. But in India So yeah. So I have a 12 people in my family. So I have to talk with all of them. My grandmother, my grandfather, my uncle, my aunt, my small sister, my cousins. Sometimes I get a group call with them. So like like seven or eight people in one call. We talking and we keep talking. He's the last week sparring sparring with the Marquis Taylor or Snatcher. We've been doing so pretty nice because of last 7th or 8th round I guess the last minute. And so we just we just going toe-to-toe. And it's nice. I only watch Shakur and Crawford fight sometimes Floyd Mayweather. But like most of the time Floyd is orthodox. But most of the time I saw fight either is Crawford or it's like Shakur because they both are southpaw. And I love watching them how they they using their techniques and tactics in the sparring and in the competition fights in the bouts because I'm southpaw. So I just see myself imagining how they doing pretty nice so that I can see myself you can do the same thing. Yeah. I love that, man. I love doing that with the with Marquis. I don't know. We've been doing every time we meet up we just do our own shake hands. And I love it. I have with one one with Jay and I have one with the with the Manny. So when they going to come I do boom boom boom boom boom like that. Right now I'm listening this one. It's probably there. I love the beat, you know. They talk about gangster stuff and I I I just like that one. [Music] My guy Jay. Yes, sir. Now we coming Round four. Let's go, bro. How you feeling? Good. My guy Marquis, too. Ah. My guy Ron. My favorite sparring partner of all time. We've been in the ring, man. I've been learning a lot from this guy right here, man. A lot. Yeah. He's world champion right here. People around me they all are positive mindset, strong mindset. And they they all coming for winning like like I said before I'm coming for winning and from from them I get learn from these things. They no matter what in front of them who who's the boxer is, you know. They going to still say I'm the best. Nishant, man. That's my boy, man. He a cool guy, a great individual, a real slick in in sharp in the ring, got a great jab. He got that you know that Olympic style. Um great person all around, man. I I love Nishant. He good for the to be in the gym with. He motivates you and we all just feed off each other. Yeah. I think he adapting well. I think he kind of funny. Uh even like his his music choice and selection is great. It's funny. Um but yeah, Nishant he just a he he funny individual. Oh, you like him wearing a one-piece cuz I oh yeah, rip you apart. You know that. Woo. I'm not that harsh. Back in India people are supporting me so much. Like I said I gained more than 100,000 followers in just 7 months. And the people the show the love they showing me that's incredible. And I want them to keep supporting me. Keep keep showing me love and hopefully I'll be like next year or maybe next to next year we going to show up in India in a for a 10-round bout. And hopefully everyone will be support me over there and come and watch me live. Yeah. I I teach him some Haryanvi words. Okay, how are you? Okay, how are you? How are you, my friend? How are you, my friend? How are you, my friend? Hey, I'm not Jenny. I'm not going to take you on camera. I'm not going to take you on camera. What do you mean you're not going to take me on camera? Because I was in the background when you hit mitts? That's what made you look good, though. No. Right now you That's what made your hit look good. No. I was teaching him some Haryanvi words. And I'm like I'm going to not take him on Jenny. She going to take him on &gt;&gt; If I don't say it on camera, nobody will know. No. I know one Hindi word. Speak in Hindi they're going to be like oh damn. She just said that.