Kind: captions Language: en Oh, and Brown again sinks those shots into the body and Grandon is forced to back off and the referee will be looking for some kind of response from the old now fires in and this is looking decisive. Sarus backs off takes up the count now does the referee. Brandon in big trouble here. What will the referee decide? Grandon says he's okay to carry on. But for how much longer? The crowd now really rising to Pat Brown's performance and he finishes it in style. Look at the variation at this point. Now, Grandoni, even though he put in a good effort, showed how brave he was. He was just a punch bag, wasn't he, Sunny? &gt;&gt; Honestly, for Pat, every shot he threw and landed looked like part of a highlight rule today. I genuinely think every shot was punishing. It was spiteful. It was well placed. It was timed well. I think that was a really, really impressive performance against a strong, tough Argentinian in Grandi. He came to fight and he took some real heavy shots and he was still throwing back looking to find a way into the fight. Pat didn't give him a single inch. &gt;&gt; I think that's where there's merit in this performance that there was enough there to really make him think and to make him work. &gt;&gt; Yeah, look at this again. This is the second onsort just before the referee jumps in and it was the right Liam Taylor. Peter McGra in action as well. That's all ahead. We've had Tia May light us up with her professional debut and Pat Brown in his second outing in with this Ivan Juker who Darren after three minutes looked like he's been through some wars already. &gt;&gt; I mean look at the face. Look at the redlining. Look at the swelling swelling under that right eye. &gt;&gt; Yeah, like you say like he's done numerous rounds. That that opening round for me was the best of Pat Brown's pro career. Early pro career so far. Boxed very well. Didn't waste anything. the accuracy, the speed of already terrific combination. He'll do very well to HAUL HIMSELF UP FROM THAT. He looks at his corner. KEER IS GOING TO COUNT HIM OUT. PAT BROWN wins inside two this time. 2 and0 will get tougher. You can only beat who's in front of you. He can be a nightmare jukeer, but this was punch perfect. It really was. Look at that accuracy, the variation, that last uppercut. Perfect. Just screwing the shot through the middle after the elbows have gone wide, after you've landed those good body shots. That's very good boxing IQ there. That That was a punishing finish. A very good performance that from Pat Brown. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Went to the head first with that right hand. Double it up with the body shots under the elbow. Saw the gap and whipped up the left uppercut through the middle. That's world class stuff. If it is early on for Pat Brown, there will be much much harsher assignments. &gt;&gt; Eight rounds already. So, they really believe in the man and you can see with with quality like that, you can understand why that was a lovely long left and straight right to the body. &gt;&gt; But, but I also think this move this quick moving quicker in your pro in your pro career now is because people are turning pro later, not 18, 19, 20 runs like over time. That's an anomaly now. They're turning pro in their mid20s and they've had longer amateur careers at a higher level. So they are more seasoned. I think you can move them quicker without being too much of a risk. &gt;&gt; Body shot with a right hand from Brown. But Oakford proving elusive light on his feet at the moment. But there's another thunderous shot. Can he suck up this power? Here comes Pat Brown and he's all over Lewis Oakford. He's trapped him and Oakford hurt and he's got to throw something back here. Lewis Oakford or he's going to GET TAKEN OUT. HE DOES JUST ABOUT GET A RIGHT hand in and a LEFT HOOK AND HE'S BRAVE HERE. OAKFORD AND HE'S GOING TO NEED TO BE. &gt;&gt; YEAH, but he doesn't need to be trained. He's got to let the great shot go, BUT HE'S A HEAVY HEAVY SHOT. HE SHOTS ALL OVER INSIDE. Beautiful shots. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you see this just relentless once he had his man hurt. That was it. It was Curtains. It was all she wrote. Didn't take his foot off the gas. The variation brilliant. Oakford doing absolutely everything he could to survive and actually landing a couple of shots. You see in a moment he throws a big overhand right and he had to let shots go to show the referee was still able to fight but it was dangerous and that you can see he just walks onto a cover. You see they're landing the right hand there. But I tell you what, performances like that are will what make this fan base of his grow and grow and grow. So exciting, isn't he? In his first three professional fights, this venue was of course Ricky Hatton's. Yes, different weight up at cruiserweight, but he was winning fights like this early with body shots and excitement. And if Pat Brown can get this crowd behind him and start filling these big venues, it's going to be one ride. &gt;&gt; The jab to the body, then the right hand over the top is changing the levels for that important. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's it, D. I think you're right. He will slide in low, punch high, you will bowl a shot over THE TOP. &gt;&gt; GOOD FROM PAT BROWN. AND he has to take a cat. HE DOESN'T LIKE IT. NAMBI, but that was sheer brute force from Brown that just knocked Nambi to the canvas. He's not badly hurt, but you can see there. And Brown wants to whip IN THE BODY SHOTS and try and take the fight right to Nami who's standing in front of him. That's really good work with that left hand. The tap upstairs and dropping the left to the body. So sharp for a cruiser weight. &gt;&gt; That knock down there. It's a nice little nice one two. Neat. He turns the body nice neat down the line. Nothing too extravagant about it. Just clever clean work. &gt;&gt; The force of that shot actually not the little camera that's normally on you Barry. Down the ring side THERE. BIG SHOTS. REFEREE'S GONE IN. MAYBE HE DOESN'T LIKE IT AT ALL. BUT PAT BROWN found the power shots. He was on the floor earlier and referee Hugh Russell Jr. steps in and says no more. &gt;&gt; Take you ever so slightly. &gt;&gt; But then this one here now in a minute. This is the going to be the No, this is the knockdown again. Just right there. Right on. Right in that temple's part of the head. And just disorientate you a little bit. Lose your balance and sometimes quite often you're okay when you get up and and he clearly was. He has a lovely right hand, the left hook. Oh, yeah. I mean, from this angle, the referee's done him a favor, I think. But from where we were looking in real time, it looked like he stepped in a little bit too soon. &gt;&gt; And he had that right hand right back to let it go. Smile on the face of Pat Brown. But look, it it could have been an awful finish there if that have been let to carry on. &gt;&gt; And it could have been an interesting next few rounds if he got through it, but the legs were gone. And Pat Brown gets the stoppage win in the second round. That's four in a row now, all by knockout. And &gt;&gt; well, he is ruthless. &gt;&gt; So Pat Brown from Manchester, England, said his favorite fighter, American fighter at least, was Floyd Mayweather Jr. But only during the pretty boy stage, Chris Algeri, he liked the finishes that Floyd was giving us. &gt;&gt; I like that. A lot of people forget the pretty boy FLH stage of Floyd Mayweather's career cuz he was a destroyer back then, scoring knockouts. A Diego Carales fight. One of my favorites. Injur Man Freddy, another victim of the power of young early lighter Floyd. &gt;&gt; And that left to the body from Pat Brown twice now has gotten the attention of Felix Valera. &gt;&gt; Oh, and a straight right hand backs Valera up against the ropes. And these punches ARE SO HEAVY FROM PAT BROWN. AND DOWN GOES VALERA. AND THAT WAS ONE OF those equilibrium shots right in the temple of Felix Valera. Delayed reaction but drops him to the canvas. &gt;&gt; An early stoppage here would be super impressive. &gt;&gt; Looks very uncomfortable. &gt;&gt; Yeah, the face of Valera does not look good. He may go down swinging here in ROUND NUMBER TWO. IS EATING HIS LUNCH. &gt;&gt; AR go that way. Move that way. &gt;&gt; Come here. &gt;&gt; You good? &gt;&gt; Pat Brown's corners tell him to dig to the body in these exchanges. So much for this going eight rounds. OH, JUST SEALED THE DEAL. FLAT ON HIS FACE. WHAT A PERFORMANCE BY MANCHESTER'S PAT BROWN. &gt;&gt; Trainer Jay Mu was hoping he got eight rounds out of it. Here he used that left hook to square Valero up and then threw that right hand right down the middle and then it's a left hook there right behind the ear. Wobbled Valero as he went back that equilibrium shot and then it's going to be another left hook here. I believe they trade shots and big left hook right there. Right on the point of the chin. Bolero landed as well, but not as big. And then the end of the fight once again, oh, right on the chin. Beautifully timed, wellplaced power shots in the middle of exchanges. Really?