Kind: captions Language: en unfinished business. Yes, with Eubank and Ben. But first, Jack Catrol and Echo Esim. It's a very, very good chief support. Both of them into their 30s, experienced warriors, the pair. Different styles should blend really well into a welterweight. [music] Wonder for you live on the zone, THOMAS DRIVER. LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, THIS BOUT IS SCHEDULED for 12 rounds and it will be for the WBO Global Welterweight Championship brought to you by Riot Season, Cella Ring Magazine, Eddie Hearn for Match Room Boxing, Ben Shelon for Boxer in association with Frank Warren for Queensberry along with their great sponsors Everlast BYD D cleans Movevember, Mr. Q Casino and Bet Fred. A big thanks to those great sponsors. It is sanctioned by the British Boxing Board of Control, Steward in Charge Guy Williamson along with the World Boxing Organization, President Gustavo Olivieti, supervisor John Handelar. Our three judges assigned will be Marcus McDonald of England, Mateo Montela of Italy, and Stefan Nicolo of Monaco. Our referee in charge, third man in the ring will be John Laam of England. round. &gt;&gt; Introducing first the defending champion fighting out of the blue corner. He comes to the ring wearing gold with purple and white and weighed in officially at 146.5 lb. Coming to us from Nottingham, England, he has a professional record of 22 wins, just one defeat with eight wins coming by way of knockouts. ranked number 10 by Ring Magazine. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome THE REIGNING AND DEFENDING WBO Global Welterweight Champion, Echo, the engine. and his opponent across the ring. He is the challenger fighting out of the red corner. He comes to the ring bar in Blackwood Silver and weighed in officially at 146.7 lb. Hailing from Charlie Lancasher, England. He has a professional record of 31 wins, two defeats with 13 wins coming by way of knockouts. LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, HERE IS THE former world title challenger Jack ELATO as if he can use his physical advantage AS THE NATURAL. HE JUST WALKS INTO A BEAUTIFUL COUNTER AND JACK KLE LAYS OUT ECHO WHO DOES WELL TO GET TO HIS FEET. THAT WAS A HEAVY FALL. 25 SECONDS LEFT IN THE FOURTH. JACK CANEL ON THE verge of a stunning VICTORY HERE AT TOTTENHAM HOTSPUR. HE'S BEEN PUNCHED PERFECT THROUGH FOUR ROUNDS AND ECHO ESIMAN HAS TO SURVIVE. 10 SECONDS to the bell. Estimate's been down in his career and HE'S IN REAL TROUBLE HERE. JACK Kel a couple of punches away for the belt. He's going to come and makes it back to his corner. The attitude tonight from Cat AS WELL. BODY SHOT. HE'S boxing really, really well. that he threw a lazy jab there. He cannot afford to do that. These left hands are doing big damage. Bravely swings back, BUT YOU FEEL JUST ONE MORE SHOT through the middle. Could have going again. Yeah, there's a lot of blood in there. Bridge of the noseman's eye. But look at this from the Nottingham fighter. He's seen the cut to the right eye of Jack Catrol and it spurred him on shots. &gt;&gt; Lovely right hook. He was getting comprehensively beaten up really at the start and he was hurt a number of times and look at the state of his face but he's pushing forward as we know Eko can do. Such a fit fit brave man. I give him the last two rounds. Jack's going to have to dig in deep here to try and just stop the momentum of Aleppo right there. &gt;&gt; Nice work from Catch there. Just off balance again there from &gt;&gt; This is where Catch right up against the roof. He's got front. There's an issue there because he'll say he got caught, &gt;&gt; but he's going for Jack Catro and he's down. And now it's who's out and he's not going TO MAKE THAT. JACK CASTRO WINS by stoppage. [bell] &gt;&gt; LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, HERE IS THE OFFICIAL TIME. 50 seconds of round number 11. Our referee in charge, John Leam, waves it off. Therefore, your winner by way of technical knockout and new WBO Global welterweight champion, Jack [cheering] Elanto Catal. Great respect between the former sparring partners who gave us a terrific tussle. And it's Jack Catrol that moves on. &gt;&gt; First and foremost, shout out to Ekko and his team. Good people, the good team. Ekko's a solid fighter. So, and he pushed me, but I did what I needed to do in there tonight. &gt;&gt; In terms of what Boosei wanted to see from you, was that just about perfect? &gt;&gt; Yeah, of course, we've been working on things, having the confidence to let the hands go. This was the second fight at welterweight. I can still punch, but it's just having the confidence to to keep throwing them hands, letting them go. So, I'm feeling good. I'm excited to what's next. And in terms of what's next, we'll bring in Eddie Hurt in just a moment. But for you, the champions at 147, we know you want that shot to fulfill that dream of one day becoming a world champion. Jack, who do you want to fight next? &gt;&gt; I want all of them. Barios, Crocker, Norman. &gt;&gt; Who's the other one? &gt;&gt; Romero. &gt;&gt; Romero. I want Romero. I want them all. &gt;&gt; Well, let's bring in promoter Eddie Hearn. Eddie, you were just saying off camera there that Jack's victory tonight puts him number one with the WBO. What can you tell us? Yeah, that's what we said to the Gustavo Olivera, the the president of the WBO. This is a fight we believe will make him mandatory for the winner of next week's fight. Huge card in Riyad on the ring card, Devin Haney against Brian Norman. What a fight. He's now going to be number one with the WBO. So, locking up that position as a mandatory, but like you said, so many options. That was a big win. Big respect to Echo Esman. We're glad to see he's okay. It's a tremendous fighter and a good guy, but this man deserves another crack at the world championship and what should have been undisputed, but now we pick up that world title at 147. Final message, Jack, not just to the fans, but to the welterweight division live on the zone tonight. &gt;&gt; Yeah, first of all, this is unbelievable. I'm so excited for the main event. U the welterweight division. I'm here. I'm straight back in the gym Monday and I'm coming for the world title in 26. Jack, &gt;&gt; congratulations. We look forward to what's next. Hold up.