Kind: captions Language: en Ladies and gentlemen, live on the zone, it's now time for the chief support of the evening and it's all being brought to you courtesy of Mr. Eddie Hearn of Matchroom Boxing in association with G Squad Entertainment. This bout is sanctioned under the opaces of the World Boxing Organization. The president Gustavo Oliv Oliveri, the supervisor is Gino Rodriguez. Introducing your three judges scoring this contest from ringside, Ray Danco, Mark L and Davidid Solivven. And at the sound of the bell, your third man in the ring, referee Edward Coyantes. And now, ladies and gentlemen, 12 rounds of boxing scheduled for the WBO International Lightweight Championship. Introducing first, fighting out of the red, pardon me, introducing first, fighting out of the blue corner. He wears white and gold. He scaled the lightweight limit of 135 lbs. Bang on. Professional record, 18 victories, one defeat with nine wins coming by way of knockout. He fights out of Cardiff, Wales. Here is the 2016 Olympian and the former IBF super featherweight champion of the world, the Welsh wizard, Joe Cordina. Cordina and his opponent across the ring fighting out of the red corner. He wears black, red, and gold. He scaled officially 134 and 3/4 lb. Professional record 27 victories, two defeats with eight wins coming by way of knockout. Born and bred Stockton, California, representing the 209 Gabriel Flores Jr. Flores Jr. Let him go for mouth in your mouth. Gentlemen, here and above is legal blow. Here and above is the legal flow. Obey my commands at all times and protect yourself at all times. Touch gloves. A dream opportunity for Gabriel Flores Jr. here tonight in his hometown. The biggest fight of his career against this man, Joe Cordina, who has achieved his dream and still wants more. Heading right into the lion's den to get back into the title picture. Round one. This one scheduled for 12. QUICK PIECE. &gt;&gt; Triple left hand there from Flores. Good combination. You see acknowledged by Cordino. Comes back. Body shot. A wicked body shot. I mean, when you face down punchers and champions &gt;&gt; all week long. 10 seconds. &gt;&gt; Not underestimating Flores, he said, but kind of on the verge of being dismissive. Feeling that Flores is not on his level. He feels that his arrangement right now. Good right hand there for Flores. Back comes Gordina has not lived up to the hype that was behind him early on in his career that he never really grew into that man strength. He was signed as a teenager did some nice things early on. I think Top Rank, his longtime promoter, expected him expected that power to grow as he got older and never really did and that's cost him. Final 10 seconds here round three. &gt;&gt; Shot to the body there from Forbina. Good shot to the body. that that those are the shots that are actually catching the attention of Flores Jr. no matter how good he's doing. &gt;&gt; Take a look at the punches through three rounds. &gt;&gt; Cordina outlanding Flores 35 to 25. Good shot. &gt;&gt; Nice left hook connects there. Shots like that in the break. You're allowed some time. It's just like a low blow. The referee needs to give you time because the punch has already landed. The damage has been done and all you're going to get is a warning. &gt;&gt; Sneaky body shot from Cordina there. a left hook to the body. &gt;&gt; Doing a really nice job of just not letting Flores breathe, continuing to stay in his chest every second of the round. &gt;&gt; Sign because he's talked about the fact that he's always had what he describes as a strange level of confidence. &gt;&gt; Cordina just going through the punches of Florence. You know, when Flores lands a clean shot to the to the head, Bordina eats it up and digs downstairs. No respect for the power and the punches of the Stockton native. &gt;&gt; Go. One thing we've seen in this round, it's a problem for Flores, Sergio. Even the jabs he's taking are very noticeable. The head is snapping back. There's nothing under the surface about what Cordina is doing. &gt;&gt; That That's what I've been seeing. Like I've been seeing like that right hand right there was a beautiful right hand called by Lady J. Get over there. Hey, you can't punch behind the head. That is big moment here. One point being taken away from Joe Cordina. Multiple warnings. Can it hurt? HE CAN WITH GOOD SHOT. &gt;&gt; Upper cut there for Flores. And another one comes through. &gt;&gt; Cordina is here FOR THE FIREFIGHT AS HE LAUNCHES A RIGHT HAND RIGHT BACK. &gt;&gt; You know, trying to muscle him up, &gt;&gt; wrestle him in the inside and back him up. That can show that he's trying to take initiative and trying to take the the fight away from Cordino. Chop it right hand from Cordina there a moment ago. &gt;&gt; Good shot there by the blowers check hook. &gt;&gt; Okay, Sergio from both fighters after these warnings for hitting on the break. Neither fighter really wanted to do anything there. But now they're back to action. A good right hand for this exchanges. Cordina's going for the He wants to hurt Flores. He doesn't want this to go to the distance. He wants to get the stoppage. He wants TO LEAVE NO DOUBT HERE and stop this shot. But that's a good left hook for Flores as well. Both men landing. Short little body shot from Cordina as he comes over the top of that big right hand once more. &gt;&gt; Good shot there. You can see cut as well. Flores is not taking these punches as well as he was earlier. Now the body language of Flores has gotten worse in this round. &gt;&gt; Done well turning off the aggression at times but not enough. Good combination. &gt;&gt; Look at this combination from Cordina. The combination of pressure right hand from Cordina. &gt;&gt; Throws it out. He's on his feet, guys. &gt;&gt; He's in major trouble. &gt;&gt; ANOTHER CHOPPING RIGHT HAND FROM CORDINA. War has got to hold here. &gt;&gt; Cordina better start loading up on those uppercuts. IT'S RIGHT THERE WIDE OPEN FOR HIM. Is squaring up. &gt;&gt; Joe Cordina on the brink of spoiling the hometown parade. FINAL 10 seconds of round 11. &gt;&gt; The temperament of an old champion. Joe Cordina showing you right now. Just taking his TIME LOOKING for the right shot. Flores taking a lot of punishment in these later rounds. &gt;&gt; Final minute of the contest &gt;&gt; as Cordina just continues to ravage his body. You're ready to take that next step back to the championship level. &gt;&gt; One final left hook there from Cordina and that will do it. &gt;&gt; We go to the judge of scorecards. Mark L7 1110. Davidid Solivan 115 112 Ray Danesco 114 113 all three for your winner by unanimous decision and the new WBO international lightweight champion the Welsh wizard Joe Cordina. So Joe Cordina victorious a unanimous decision victory. You heard the scores. 117 110 115 112 Sergio 114 113 &gt;&gt; as long as it was unanimous. I mean, all three judges saw it the same way. But you could expect that in close rounds for the hometown to get the hometown judges to give him and sway him those rounds. But all in all, it was unanimous and it was Joe Cordina with a one-sided victory. They controlled the younger fighter. See Cordina showing respect &gt;&gt; for Flores in his hometown and he's now standing by with Chris Mann. &gt;&gt; Well, Joe, took you 12 rounds, but you get the win over Gabe Flores. Was that the performance you were looking for tonight? Uh, not so much. Obviously, I got the I got the win. It's not exactly how I wanted to do it, but um, listen, things happen. Everyone's everyone's going, but you can't come and nick a fight with a fight like me. can't make a part of the fight. And uh listen, you can't you can't do that, especially in your hometown. You got to put on a performance. And unfortunately for him, he didn't do that. &gt;&gt; You said coming into this fight there were lots of ways that you could win, but you really fought one style throughout. You put pressure on him from the opening bell and kept the pressure up. What were you seeing in him tonight? Well, in previous fights, the ones he's lost, the pressure fighters have always come on top. So, I knew that's one way I can win. Um but I couldn't establish my jab today and my distance. I just couldn't find my distance with him. So, I just kept on with the pressure. Kept making him forcing him back to the ropes and trying to fight him off, but he um he just couldn't keep up with the pace. &gt;&gt; You got one belt on your shoulder, but I know you're looking for a bigger one. Abdullah Mason, the full champion at 135. Is that the fight you want next? &gt;&gt; 100%. Um obviously with performance like that, I can't I I ain't going to compete, but don't really when when the the performance um the oper opposition come becomes better, then I step up my game. So, listen, that's a fight I'd love I'd love to step in the ring with her. Eddie Eddie knows Eddie's there. Eddie, I've been chasing these big fights for ages and um I'm getting to an age now where I'm 34 years of age. I only got a couple of years left, so I want to make sure every fight counts and these big fights are the ones I want. How much better do you feel at 135? &gt;&gt; Oh, much better. I don't I don't have to train on a on a Thursday, so it's uh it's a lot better for me. Um comfortable weights. I got Sean Aspenol, Tom Aspenol's uh cousin who's my my um nutritionist, and he he take care takes care of everything. So, um, it's another weight off my shoulders that I don't have to worry about. Congratulations, Joe.