Kind: captions Language: en We're at LY Boxing Gym, Larry Mey Phoenix as they call it. It's an amateur boxing club. Um 10:00 a.m. and we're looking to get the first session underway. We had a little package sent from Everlast. So, um no, I don't think it's boo. I'm always uh always in the need of joining a nice a fresh white pair of trainers and you're walking down the street, you feel the bollocks, a fresh fresh pair of gloves, especially white, you know, and Muhammad Ali used to wear white because it makes you feel faster. So that's why I try and always wear white gloves. Joe's um he's a a kind of pillar of community really. Um, and you know, you get the the local schools coming here. You know, he's a local boy and everybody looks up to him and um, you know, he hasn't he hasn't forgotten where he come from. You know, he's still the guy that he was growing up. So, um, that's that's really good to see from a local lad. Being in a boxing gym, bro, will will change your life. You change your whole demeanor, change your whole attitude, change everything. Even when you're playing, you're going to the kickboxing gym or you're playing rugby or you're playing football, you're around the boys, a bunch of boys that want to do something good in life. Do you understand? You're going to get boys that are like that in your ear, but just let them go. Cuz trust me, you want you want a nice car. You want a nice car? Want a nice car? You want a nice house? Yeah. You won't get it from [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hang around the streets or being around a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bunch of idiots. Do you get me? And that's me being pretty pretty blunt. Idiots. And you hang around with idiots, you're going to become an idiot. So find something outside of school. Stick to it. Athletics, sprinting. Yeah. Next. Usain Bolt. What are you doing? Kickboxing. Kickboxing. Give me another Jean Vanam. Do you know who he is? No, bro. Go and type in Jean Vanam. The best. And there's a film called Kickboxers. An old film, but watch it. It's the best. But boys, I'm going to get myself ready. You're more than welcome to come in and watch. Yeah. just good oldfashioned pads. Um, technical stuff, but it'll be it'll be pretty tough because when you got a body bag on, he can't help but hit it hard. So, that kind of makes it more graph then, but yeah, technical stuff we tend to do on a on a Wednesday. Um, 10 12 rounds. One, two, there. Or would you rather go with the left first? One, one. That's right. And another step around straight right to the body. Looks good. Now, bum bum bum bum. Ladies and gentlemen, your winner by way of technical knockout, Anthony, the Andy Town Apache. I don't think there's a lack of confidence. I think that obviously, you know, it was it was a good fight. who's beaten by a very good fighter in in in Anthony Andy Kakatchi. But, you know, I don't think um after after the break after the shot on the break, I don't think Joe was the same fighter. I thought he was brilliant up until then, but I think you know, the shot on the break kind of kind of took his legs away. Um but again, no disrespect because look what he's done since he's been brilliant, hasn't he? But um you know, I think it might have been a different fight if hadn't happened. Good. I don't think there's a confidence issue at all. I think he's still the same fighter as what he was then [Music] going back. Good to see you. Stay out of trouble. Yeah. Quiet you anyway. Live up, bro. [Music] I'm the king of fragrancing. I go see my wife. Um have some lunch. I go back to the gym later on and then I'll come back and see my kids and it's the first time in a long time that I've been going to the gym and having been it don't feel like a chore getting up and going to go back to the gym. It's I'm enjoying my training. So for me it's it's definitely uh I'm in a better um mindset. Um like before yeah I was taking myself away for distractions from experience now like distractions when you're coming out of the Olympics everyone wants a piece you so um you've got people that want be around you or then people want you to go out and party then they want you to come this place that place so for me taking myself away it was um I think it was for that point in my career it was a lot better uh a lot better for me anyway. He always raves to everyone about my cooking. So now if I fail this, I look like a right dick, don't I? Is Joe a fussy eater? No, definitely not. There's four things I'm obsessed with. Trainers, after shoes, golf, food, and golf. No, five and watches. trying to navigate his mood when he's hungry is uh that's the scary bit cuz the kid as soon as the kids come in from school they're like on top of him and like when he's tired but I suppose it's one of them things now where at least he's home to to be with them you know catch tell me about that how did you deal with it how did you guys deal with it cuz it's a team effort isn't it really um about the camp. I was a bit disappointed. Well, I wasn't a bit I was a lot disappointed cuz really and truly technically he and I I say this with the utmost respect. He I don't believe he's on my level technically. But take them two shots he hit me with on a break away. I would have breezeed that fight. But I haven't got the chance to go and um put that wrong right because one he's staying at Super Fella. Um, and if you do come up to lightweight, I don't think they'll go anywhere near me. I wasn't there. I had a big hoo-ha with the child care cuz the the girl that was supposed to have the kids ended up in hospital. So, I I was home. It was honestly horrific. I literally went upstairs and the baby was only small at the time and I put his white noise on full blast and I was just in the room like, "Oh my god." Cuz I could hear my friends downstairs going, "Oh, oh." And then I come down as the the ref waved it off and obviously I wasn't even there to like console him. It was actually heart it was heartbreaking and then I had to tell the kid cuz the kids don't watch the fight. We don't let them. They I was like he's okay. Everything's fine but you know he's he hasn't won this one. And it was it was hard. It was it was really really hard. But then he came home and we had a bit of a week didn't we were like up and down. But he sort of just got on with it then and he was like, you know, there's like what did you say? There's no point in crying over spilled milk. And he sort of just cracked on. And then obviously you had the news for Shakur. We were all in Malta at the time for the summer holidays. Came home, left me in in Malta with the kids, was like training his butt off and then obviously it went it all went up in the air. It was just sheer disappointment on on his behalf. Yeah. That's what it was. You were just like training, training, training, and then it all got blown up. And then it was, it was funny. So when I came home, my one daughter, she was distraught. My eldest, she's crying and everything. Bear in mind, speak to the school. It was horrendous like a couple of days after, but she's even like a week after, she's still crying. And then um my other daughter, she's seven, she's going, "Sophia, it's okay. Dad can't win them all." And I She's gone. He's lost one fight. It's not the end of the world, Sophia. She's going, "Stop crying now." Cuz she kept crying and crying. And but we were all laughing in that moment cuz we were like, "That's just what we need to hear." Like, it is what it is. Like, we can't change the the situation. But yeah, she's fine about it now. The motivation now is secure my kids and secure my family. I've achieved everything I wanted to achieve in the sport. I do want to still win another world title at lightweight, but it's not the end of the world if I don't, but I that's my goal to set out to win another world title and secure my kids and that's what I want to do. We're at St. Melon's Golf Club. Um, this is the area I'm from. It's actually a very good golf course. Yeah, little minor. Can't go wrong when the weather's like this. I've got a I've got a trolley. Yeah. But it's it's broke at the moment. A trolley. I just I got a I got a what's it called? And I just keep it there and it just follows me. So what's this? It opens up like a suitcase and everything. This is a this is electric trolley, but my one I got a controller. I can control it wherever it goes or I can put a thing on top of it and it just follows me wherever I go. Just man. It's a lazy sport. Well, yeah. I suppose if you want to call it that. This is a sport that takes my mind away from everything. Like my phone goes in my bag and then whatever worries I wouldn't say so much worries, whatever stresses I got on my plate. Like say for instance to do with boxing or anything like that, it goes out the window. Only good shots. Any bad shots cut. Oh, especially after the other day. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] me. [Applause] Straight down the pipe. The reason my back is hurting me. There's like a two 220 230 drive. I got 82 y left and hit a 50° and hopefully he just runs on a little bit. Just step on my ball. It's not okay. Just step on the ball cuz I'm going to get I'm going to get in the way of the shot as well. Brilliant. just skipped on my boat. I should be good for power. Shut up. Take him away. Jared Gonzalez. Same record as me, but just more knockouts. And I want to I wanted to keep it um where someone's got a few knockouts. It keeps me switched on. This is probably the best course in Cardiff, I believe, St. Melan's. And then you've got South Wales, you got the Celtic Mana, where I'm also a member of I'm a member here and the Celtic Mana. So, yeah, them them two courses are probably for me the best, but then you've got the likes of the Royal Pall or the Lynx courses, which uh they they're playable all year round. Very expensive as well. This is beautiful right? Yeah, it's lovely. It's lovely clothes. Tell you what, I got the sweatiest ass ever. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] me with the shot. 300. It would be nice. I'll pay I'll pay you later, Mike. Send that to Canelo. Little message to Eddie. Uh, when you're ready, bro. When you're ready. Try and get a little run with Canelo, bro. and uh me and you doubles. We play officially cap him because I know he [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hot. So finished four over. Probably missed a couple of setters. Um so overall I didn't uh didn't do too bad. But yeah, Sunday I'm playing 18. Tell you what, it was a warm one today. Warm one today. Jojo, come down. Okay, I give you three teeth and jelly leaf. Yeah. All right. Hi dad. Right. Say say to the camera. Say wagwana the dog. My dog. Hi dad. Hello my boooo. And that's me done for the day.