Kind: captions Language: en So, here at New City College, um my old boxing trainer when I was an amateur, Jamie Williams, invited me down. I'm here with Matram and Alex doing in a community sort of event. And uh yeah, this sort of stuff is what it's all about. So, it's good to be here again. But good morning everyone. Firstly, thank you very much for uh for welcoming us here to New City College in Redbridgeidge. The beauty of of what we have at Matram is we have a huge platform to inspire the next generation. Alex is doing a great job with uh Matt in the community as he said all over the world. But it all starts here where you're from and and the amateur club I box for is where you you you guys go to go to college. New city new city boxing. I'm not here trying to preach to you how you should live your life. But I'm just talking from my experience. If you do what everyone else does, you'll get the same results that everyone else has. If you do them hard things, they're the little 1% and 2% that make the difference. Cheers, guys. Thank you. Good job, big John. It would be big enough camera, would it? Would have enough room. I thought he was going to come get the stairs are happy. No, I think it's brilliant. I mean, you've seen it today. I think they start off a bit quiet at the beginning. No one knows what to think. But by the end of it, the kids are engaged. He was engaged. They're going to see that you can make the most of who you are by just working hard. That's good. Obviously, I've known Johnny since he was a kid. Um, trained him a couple years as an amateur and um, he grafted really hard at the boxing, but he always done his studies first. And I thought, what better thing than Johnny, who has made the best of his talent by just grafting, working hard. [Applause] Get off right there. You're going to get a good three servings of carbs. So, a half plate of carbs as well as a juice smoothie. So, in the breakfast day when I'm not on a bubble training day, I I don't have a juice. I just have water. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He's going out on training camp tomorrow to fur Ventura. So, it's important we see where he's at body composition wise and where we want him. The good thing is with this will be a third camp with Johnny. So, we've got a lot of data to compare. We are looking at Johnny's body fat and also his lean muscle mass. Now, that gets put into an equation and then we look at kind of where he's at body composition wise to make sure it basically he's eating enough for training and able to recover. All my stuff for 5 weeks in it. All my clothes, everything. Ah, nice. This is why I like working with Johnny. Organized. There he is. Who's that? He's whipped up his bed. I get a bed every couple of weeks and he whips it all up. He's a good boy. He's a good boy. His name's Good boy. Good boy. Right. I'll see you later. Some gloves. I'll get a speaker cuz you got to have music, can you? You can't go training and not have music. You got to take hand wraps. I'm going to wrap these up though later. Yeah. Found a fresh pair of 20 oz. And they don't stock at 20 oz anymore, but I like sparring in 20 oz. So protect my hands a bit better. And obviously you don't want to be hitting each other too hard in sparring. Like you want to have pillows on. I learned that from Chisora. I think we sparred in 22 oz. I might want to have airport dads. I like to be at the airport 3 or 4 hours before. We watched the fight back as a team and I was a lot happier when I saw the fight compared to all the uh the loud comments from the haters and people like that and people who are criticizing you cuz I was watching that with an objective frame of mind. Did I win the fight? Did I not? I thought I won by one round. I can't argue with people that fought day by one round simply because you score it round by round. You can't get bought into the hyperbole of people saying it was so clearly Dave's win and then in the next sentence they say Dave won that. Yep. Cuz he won one round more. That doesn't make doesn't make sense, does it? It is what it is. It was a close fight and I'm sick of talking about it because it don't actually matter. We're doing it again. Strength conditioning a bit of uh conditioning work more really. It's good to have a team of people. Boxing is an individual sport, but you need to have people to consult and people to turn to. And I can't have much better than Mark, Jimmy Tibs. He helped me get through that in the corner. I looked up and I saw the round five scorecard or the round six scorecard. I thought we're not we're just halfway. And uh when he said don't let your granddad down, I just bit down and got through it. I'm Christian. I believe in God. Yeah. I'm not I'm not practicing. I don't follow all the practice. I don't go to church every Sunday. I don't. But I don't think you need to. I think having faith, whether you're a Christian, Jew, or Muslim, I think having a faith is a good thing because it gives you a purpose. And you might not get your purpose from faith. You might get it from something else. You might get it from family. But to have purpose in life is a good thing. For me, it's the purpose is interlin. It's family and God at the same time. And then you get to heaven and it's just like unlimited chicken balls. Wherever you look, there's a chicken ball. Like you just want a chicken ball to be there. Look, I could pick it up off this post and there' be a chicken ball right [Music] there today. Basically, we're just we're still working on our building our sort of baseline up. We want to make sure we get in get a good bit of quality work under our belt. When we touch stand for the training camp, we're ready to go. We want to peak our power towards the end of camp. As we get closer and closer, certain things have to fall away. Then it's all about peing our fitness and that's aerobic and anorobic. So we'll be literally running at the fastest pace he can maintain for a certain period of time around the 4m minute mark. Well done. Good time. And he will come off full rest and we will go again. So we're basically looking to operate and work in the red zone. So his heart rate will be in and around 90 95% of his max. And this is something we'd class as the hurt level. You can get a little bit panicky, a little bit jittery. So even though we are pushing our body, our mind is calm. It's only pain. It's only pain. It's only a pain. That's what you got to think. It'll be over. The pain of giving up. That's worse than the actual feel of the pain. Keep walking. Keep walking. What we just done there, I compare it to where we was at this stage last time. We are literally in front of where we was last time. So, is that all right? I want to see what's a beautiful day. You will be so polite to me. Show them the uh wristbands. Look, we got gold and red. All we've got is 850 tickets. Me personally, the rest are done on the link and every single one of the 850 tickets has gone. We've had people coming around already picking out what ones they want. I like to do them when I'm just on my own. I used to work through the night till 3 4:00 in the morning ignoring. It's good got cameras, are they? They've only 700 left. So they've already done about 5 and a half thousand 6,000. So there's the copper box only hold 7,000. There's about 800 tickets left, Bella said. So if this goes out, if there is any left, they'll be gone pretty soon. Want to say thank you to everybody that buys tickets. Are you going bloated? I might come with you actually. I'm hungry. Shark. Should we go? You only do it once. Yeah. T-shirt. Get pulled off. I don't find that funny. It's disgusting. Back in the net. Well, so far we've ordered mixed derves, which is uh spicy pork, which is uh the blue or special recipe, sesame porn on toast, crispy seaweed, chicken saté, mini spring rolls, just to get us started off. And then we'll order some mains. We won't go mad, will we? You won't get any better than this. Look at this. Thank you, Richard. It is the best Chinese you'll ever have anywhere. That's why I always say to people, just come and give it a try. try it because you're not going to be disappointed. Not only the food, the people here are wonderful people. But whenever you come in, there's always someone you know. It's got a real community feel about it still in a time where community is slowly dying. It's uh it's got a real We was talking about that in the car, right? All people got to do little things like that. Go to to a leisure center or go into a school. It's a it's a big part of Johnny Johnny's being that he wants to give back to local community. you don't shout about everything he does. I just remember when I was at school and you'd have someone come in, a sports person. I'm not saying I'm I'm an Olympian or anything like that or I've achieved this or that, but just having a sports person come in and talk about their experience. It's it's motivating. It's up to us as in the community like we're talking about to help them and give them a leg up because when you give someone a a leg up and help them, they go and then help someone else and that helps someone else. That's what being from Ronford, being from Essics, I think, should be about because when you help someone, you help another person and it comes back to you in a good way. Right. We've had the starters. We're being filmed. Now it's time to say match them. Respectfully, off we're having our mains.