Kind: captions Language: en Okay, gentlemen. This is for the WBA Intercontinental Heavyweight Championship. Obey my commands at all times. In the event of a knockdown, the fighter standing will go to the furthest neutral corner and stay there. Protect yourself at all times. Touch gloves. An all British collision on this massive global heavyweight night. They've sparred together. They respect each other. Johnny Fischer meets Dave Allen in an interesting matchup. The seasoned experienced campaigner out of the blue corner with the blue trunks and the brown of Johnny Fisher. Youth, power, hope, and big John just behind him. Darren. Yeah, you can see in there he looks very nervous. Adam, as you can imagine, his son in a huge fight here with Dave Allen. Looking in great shape though. Johnny Fisher under Mark Tibs. But Dave Allen's gone through a real training camp with Jamie Moore and Nigel Travis, two of the best in the business. What can they muster up here, cook up for Dave Allen at this stage in his career? Johnny's fish's jab is key for both. It's key for him if it's heavy and fast to push Dave Allen back with and work like that. And for Dave Allen, if it comes back a bit low or slow, that's his that's his his marker to come off that to slip inside, get in get in close and work away. It was about this sort of time in the first round that he blew away Allan Babage of the copper box in the summer. I was at ringside. There's the body shots. Good from Fisher. 5,000 or so filling out the copper box. And look at him go. The Rockford football applying the pressure right to Dave Allen who had the better much better of the sparring Darren years ago. Yeah, just over five years ago he was he was very very raw then Johnny Fisher Dave Allen I think it's fair to say really give him a bit of a hiding but one thing I took away from that sparring being there ringside was how tough Johnny Fisher was. But since then he's come on low. That was a little low. And he looked at the referee Dave Allen. That's a bit of inexperience there for someone who's been in what, 31 fights. He just looked at the referee because it was low. Yeah. And you don't need to give Johnny Fisher a sniff. He see it and he went straight for Dave Allen, didn't he? Well, it was low, but the referee said it wasn't, I don't think. I think he looked the referee in the referee said, "Cry on." That's it. And and fair to Johnny Fish, he did what you should do. Jumped on it. Good body shots. More body shots being drilled home. That's the battle plan to really test Dave Allen. How much he wanted at this stage of his career, the 32y old from Doncaster, the Doncaster De La Hoya. Yeah, I'll tell you what, he he soaked them up, but some vicious body shots going in from Johnny Fisher. And a right hand as well to the chin from Fischer. It's a great start here from the youngster. Really is working the jab well and obviously evidently working that body quite well as well. But Allan's tough. Can block half block a shot as well. Take a little step back. Take the sting out your punches. And he's doing the same thing. Dave Allen. He is taking the sting out of the shots. You just see it there. Just moving back. Just taking the full purchase away from Johnny Fisher's right hand. Good job there from Dave Allen who's given a lot of the top heavyweights trouble over the years in the gyms. had a massive win over Lucas Brown for him topping a big bill at the O2. Dave Allen, he's threatened to do something for all these years, but hasn't quite delivered when it's mattered. Did a good round though. Can't be questioned as Dave Allen's chin. Second attempt. The vacant WBA Intercontinental belt on the line. Just a minor one as uh Johnny Fischer looks to climb the rankings. You heard him earlier saying he'd be happy just with a British title. That would be a massive success for him. He was a rugby player and a history student at Exat. Intelligent guy, turned to boxing because he loved the Rocky films. Well, that's not the first. No, I mean, yeah. What a what a story that was. What a film. I used to watch all the Rocky films before my fights. You would never have guessed. I know genuinely you would never the way you box. You never have guessed. You no chance. I still don't believe you. Big sweeping shots from Fisher. Still targeting that body. Control though. Telling them tend to keep them up a little bit. Dave Allen with a right hand over the top. He still dangerous Allen. 18 knockouts in the 23 victories he has. And if you can soak up this pressure, it'll be interesting to see what Johnny Fish is like on the back foot. Yeah. Look, one of the things I was always annoyed with with Dave Allen was just when he got there, he didn't. There was no intent, no desire to let his hands go, but at least here he's trying to force the paces. You can see there's a bit more desire. A lot has changed in Dave Allen's life since those years I was working with him. But he's he's a father of two now. He's not just fighting for himself. He's fighting for his kids. Good work there. Head dropping to the body. doubling up the left hook. Good jab again as well. Oh, good right hand. Nice right from Fisher and an uppercut. Good work from Allan. But back comes Fisher with heavier artillery. I've been liking Fisher here cuz he hasn't been he hasn't been going crazy when he's with a good shot. He's not unloading like a lunatic. So Allan trying to walk him down, but Fisher's not really wasting too much energy either. Just being sensible. Another right hand for Johnny Fisher and the body shot. It just looked a little winded there. Dave Allen who was full of spirit the other night talking to Addie up on the stage and saying that he was going to totally outclass Johnny Fisher that he's not in his league. Well, I tell you what, the way that Johnny Fisher has developed since those five years I I watched him as a as a Raw novice is incredible. Look, he's got a great trainer and Mark Tibs in his corner and he's obviously taken everything on board because the rate of improvement has been so impressive. You're right there, Dan. It's been rapid, hasn't it? In in in sort of four fights as well, I would say. Yeah, the variation, the jab, knowing when to move your head and your feet. Just blowing a little bit there, Johnny Fischer. Alan will want to just stay with him if he can soak this up for two or three rounds and maybe utilize that experience. But Fisher unloading all over the place this week. Tyson Fury and his camp. Well, it's very interesting the whole buildup this week psychologically and that 11 minutes stared down after the press conference replaced by a 3second one last night at the weigh-in. Lovely fast hands there for Johnny Fischer. Big right hand from Dave Allen though. He's not overruled is he Darren? No, he's not. And that lead hand sometimes does drop a little low. Barry pointed out in the first round, he can't afford to pour with that jab or keep it low because that right hand that we just see from Dave Allen is his money punch, the overhand right, he's been in with Dillian White and David Price that win over Lucas Brown. If he if he can take these, but Fisher really chucking them at him and those body shots, they may take their toll. Allan trying to get that right hand over the top. It's getting rough in there already in the third. Say there's been 15 body shots landed by Johnny Fisher already in the round in in the in the fight. Back behind his jab. Fisher just doing more, isn't he? And a right hand there. Yeah, but he's in with someone here in Dave Allen who I say he's very durable. You see he knows he's talked about the experience that he has. He knows when to slip, slide, just take the full whack out of the shot. But Darren, he's had a couple of wins in this sort of comeback, but it's this erratic stop start career. It might catch up with him against a young fresh fisher. Look, I I think he does need an occasion like this to to bring out the best of him. And it's crazy to think that this would be the first title, if he was to win this, that he's ever won as a professional. Not an area title, not anything. That's ridiculous. He's given us so much entertainment, Dave Allen. And he's been good value and decent as well. And what he's doing, you know, he's taking he's taking punches. He's not winning the round, but he's making Fisher work a little bit harder than not not a frantic pace, harder than he wants to be than he wants to. But more importantly, he's always on his always on his chest again. More body shots from Fisher. Allan soaking them up and throwing out some of his own as well. Yeah, he's making Johnny Fisher work. Just creeping forward all the time. Last few seconds of this one. Lee McGregor got good performance. See what an 11week training camp bit of confidence could do. And uh he still looks fresh as a daisy after it. Yeah, he shouldn't. It was a really hard scrap, but he he boxed very very well. This could be a hard scrap here into the fourth round. Johnny Fischer landing body shots, but Dave Allen, this sort of immovable object at the moment, just creeping forward, not doing as much, but he might test the resilience and the stamina of Fischer cuz Fischer's unloading his shots here. I say put everything into him, but you know, he's heavy-handed, so he's turning from the body. It's a whole lot of wasted energy and also psychologically, you're not getting the rewards. You're not seeing anyone push back on the shot of or bird. Oh, that's that that's that shot that flattened Nick Webb. That is his shot. The big overhand right. I remember it when Nick Webb went down. That was another good win for Dave Allen. How was he not want to tight? He just looks at you, Darren. Gives you a little nod. Do you know what? I think he'll be quite happy at the moment. He's making him work an awful lot. You see there that the percentage big big in favor of Johnny Fisher 45%. when he's winning rounds, isn't he Johnny Fisher? But you are, you said it there, questioning the tank of Fisher. He's a very fit lad, but he's being made to work all the time. And as Barry said, he's loaded up with a lot of shots. Just a slightly worried look on the face of promoter Eddie Hearn in that front row as Dave Allen continues to walk forward. Just got to be careful, Dave Allen, because he is making Fisher work hard and he and and you can see it. No, just be careful he doesn't give give away too many rounds and bank on know banking gassing not to stop him. He's still going to try and win enough rounds just in case that doesn't happen and Fisher don't get a second wind. It's a good combination from Fischer. There is Eddie right opposite us. He loves the Johnny Fisher story. Big John his dad is really popular in Australia. They've got so many places they can go with Johnny. They wanted to take a Bosch plane over here to Saudi. Bosch Airways. Bosch Airways. Doing the right thing there. Johnny Fisher. Just getting behind the jab. Doesn't have to load up with everything. Come on. I'd like to see Dave Allen as well once he throws that big overhand right. Just throw the left to the body. He's in the right position. But not more than that. Keep throw it. You're there, aren't you? He's not doing that, is he? He's not really delivering many punches, Dave Alen. What he is doing, he's trying to wear down Johnny Fisher. He was the heavier out of the two at the weigh- in yesterday. Trying to put that weight into this fight. Lean on Johnny Fisher, who you would think looking at the two is the big taller for sure. But the jabs we get for Fisher, hasn't it? It has worked really well for him. Yeah. 16 lbs heavier has had a number of nicknames. They touch gloves. The respect's really there. I think Johnny Fisher looked up to Dave Allen a few years ago. Now he's trying to beat him up. Yeah, he did. And he does still got a lot of respect for Dave Allen. I'll tell you what, he took a really good right hand from Dave Allen as you see on the replays there. Then a horrible round the side of the head. Oh, good right to the body just as Dave Allen was throwing the left hook. Oh, that one was low. Was low. Oh, come Dave Allen. And Johnny Fish is hurt and he's tumbled down. first time in his career. And there is a knockdown. How about that? Round five drama here. All's going to jump all over him now. Fisher hurt. Oh, now is on the verge here of something quite dramatic. Johnny Fisher could be falling apart. And there's over two minutes left in the fifth round. He was bundled down and Fisher is badly stunned. Dav are having a ticking off here and Johnny Fish is having some time to recover, but he looks pretty exhausted and he's on shaky legs. He really is. They look unsteady. [Applause] And Dave Allen here is upsetting the odds. He's got to hold on here, Fisher. Lean on him. Tie him up. Has he got all experience though? As Allan clucks in another couple of shots, Dave Allen told us he was coming to win and he soaked up the punishment and he's now turning the tables on Johnny Fisher. A minute 20 in the round. And Fisher's punches look like there's nothing in them and he might be taken out here. He's got a hold. He's knacking here as well, Dave Allen. He has to seize this moment. Still plenty of time left. A minute ago, he has to get all over Johnny Fisher here. The legs are still gone. Oh, good shot there from Fisher. And now then throwing caution to the wind. The pair of them. Dave Allen's offering his shin. Blood to the nose of Fisher. He's trying to go toe to toe. Here comes Allen. What a fifth round here in Riad. Oh, that right hand there from Dave Allen. I'm not sure who's going to go here. Fish is down early in the round. And Allan could have probably won the fight, but Fish is somehow surviving. He just can't get enough room here, Dave Allen, to land the shots. He's going too wide with that right hand. And he's exhausted as well, isn't he, Dave Allen? Rightly so. He did put his foot on the pedal, went for it. There a lot of blood on the face of Johnny Fisher. Not sure where that's coming from. The nose may be broken. Two British heavyweights going for it here. Oh gosh. You can hear him say that. Finish it. They touch clubs again. These two are mates really and they're giving us well a humdinger in some way. I I think they've sent out Johnny Fisher to the same thing. Go listen. You got to go for him here. Dave Allen 108 round on Sergio's card. Turning it around. Can he win it now? Allan, he's come out of this round. Round six. Johnny Fish over a bit more purpose. Seems annoyed with himself. Can Dave Allen shorten up the shots? You see, he's landing the shots. Fisher. This is having no effect on Dave Allen. Allen. Shadow right hand. Oh, and Fish is hurt again. He does have the quality in the locker, but you don't see the punches either coming up or they're coming over the top. Big right hand from Fisher. Surely one of them's going to go at some point. Big deep breath from Dave Allen. Pokes his tongue out. Keeps walking forward. [Music] I tell you what, don't cast a deadora. It is. He's exactly like that. It's like a Derek Chazora war and the two of them are stuck on the ropes now. I know they're both exhausted. Sorry, Adam. But they they need someone here. Certainly Johnny Fish, I feel needs to just start getting back behind the jab. You got to get some room, get some space between the two here. Oh, what a shot. Both exhausted, but this is a 10 round fight. Surely it can't go the distance. I mean, Fishers landing the shots that should be doing their job. They should be They should be doing their job. They're just not. There's a smile on George Warren's face at ringside. I mean, it's a brutal battle there. It really is. And again, Dave Allen showing how durable he really is. Oh, nice left hook there from Allen. And a right hand cuffing as well. Fisher comes back. A left from Alan was a sicken up and again he's finding the better punches. Now he's on wobbly legs here again. He's got to be careful inside Johnny Fisher who keeps getting caught with the right hook but he's coming right back. He said he's like an away stoke isn't he as a football comparison. No Liverpool or Chelsea. An away picture in Stoke and that's what he's like. Co being stoked his head. I think he's he's great. Johnny Fisher and Dave Allen too. One of them's gonna win this. Doing the right thing there. Dave Ali just lent on Johnny Fisher and made him fall to the canvas and it's not nice. It takes energy getting back to your feet in a fight like this that can make the difference. Those little bits of energy draining tactics. Sweet. They touch gloves. They've done that every time. and then they go to war. Remarkable stuff. He's been here before, Dave Allen. He knows what it takes. Get through these kind of fights. Yes. Been unsuccessful, but he'll feel with his shot and an uppercut from Dave Allen. Johnny Fisher's chin. Wow. He's showing some resistance here. Fisher down and wobble badly now in the seventh round. The lights are going on. It's all happening. Even Even they're enjoying this. Dave Allen finding these punches and really testing everything about Johnny Fisher here. The thing is Johnny Fisher is doing some really good work. It's just having zero zero effect on on Allan and he just nodded. Sorry, he shook his head. Dave Alan, as to say, you're not hurting me at all. Exactly what you just said there. And that's so demoralizing. It's only the 37th round of Johnny Fisher's career. Dave Allen's had nearly 200 rounds. It's this experience. Talking to him as well, Alan. That's what he does. Psychology as well. Get on with it. Get on with it, says Bob Williams. The uppercut. Allan knows the punches, but can he get the job done? Not yet. Oh, that Fisher. This is extraordinary. He's making a mockery of these odds, isn't he? Before this fight. Well, he told us, Dave Allen, and Jamie Moore's got him into fantastic condition. He's always had the ability. Can he get this big win? He's looking for the uppercut. That's stupid from Fisher. He's looking away from the target there. He can't see what's coming. But back he comes with a combination. And now Allan has to hold. The shots just don't have the same effect now, do they? On Dave Allen. Get on with it. It's getting old. 45 left in the seven. What on earth happens next? In what's been a a fight you just can't take your eyes off. not cultured. Certainly not light on their feet, are they? But wow, it's been a well, it's been one you see on the cobbles. This is technique, game plan, everything got out the window. This is who wants it more. Will to win, desire, who's going to leave it all in the ring, who's going to land that big shot. Good body shot from Dave Allen there. But back comes Fisher with his own work. No boxes. No boxes. Even when he's tired, Alan, he still takes a good shot. Even that fatigue doesn't help. It's a gladiatorial survival of It's uncharted territory for Fisher. Allan's been here before. A big right hand and somehow he just takes that Fisher. Well, we were praising Allan for the first four rounds and his chin. No, he's done. He's swapped around now. No, no, no. I can't actually believe what I'm seeing, but remarkable powers of recovery from both. It really is. Well, look at this. Sergio Mora 666. Wow, Sergio. Absolutely. Dave Allen mustering it up. That experience and being drilled into condition as well. He's got a lot of fans back in Doncaster really wanting Dave Allen to get this massive upset win on a big stage. And so many think he deserves this. He's given so much to boxing, but boxing is a cruel sport and Johnny Fisher still has every chance of winning this. Well, boxing won't give you anything. You've got to go out and get it. And that's what we're seeing different from Dave Allen from the past. He's going for it. He's landing big shots. He's most importantly, he's throwing the big shots. Oh, the lovely lovely body shot. Yeah, he picked that out nicely. Used those body shots in the first couple of rounds and again trying to dent Allen swinging with that left hook. He gets a beautiful He gets a beautiful angle on that body shot, doesn't he? Dave Allen really whips it in. You know what, guys? It's obviously not the best fight in 2024, but it's one of the hardest four. That's a little watch. Ruling fight. Allan digging in these shots. Back comes Fisher. Cracking action in the eighth round. And there's a minute to go. Right in front of us. You can feel the exhaustion. Dave Allen sticks his tongue out. He thinks he's in control here. Oh, left hook again. Oh, that's a lot of energy. That is, isn't it from from Fisher? The last thing you want to be doing when you're exhausted is missing with heavy power shots. Oh, good shot. Digging in. Johnny Fisher showing us something different. How much he wanted as well. Do you know what Adam, that's the right, you know, whatever happens here and and the fight's going in the favor of Dave Allen at the It's his direction. Fishes should only huge punches going in. 10 seconds. Uppercut from Allen who just seems to have that extra power in there. And Fisher on bendy legs again. But back he comes. Oh my. Already one of the best pound-for-pound fighters in the world. Joy of the tire back on the zone in Australia in a few weeks time. Great to have him and so many other legends of the sport around and he must be enjoying this. It's it's brutal. Dave Allen into the ninth round. Remember Johnny Fisher on the floor wobbled a few times. He's come back. Eddie Hearn was on his feet trying to encourage his man. A round down. A point down. Sergio. It's amazing. This turn around. This isn't this isn't boxing, guys. This is uh this is a bar fight. This is a bar fight. technique has gone out the window. This is a slugfest. I'm enjoying this. But look, I got to give it I got to give it to Allen. I mean, he's not the undefeated fighter, but he's acting like one. He wants that zero. Huge uppercuts. Sergio, as you were speaking, from Dave Allen, who nods the respect to Johnny Fisher for the chin he's showing and the well, he's stubborn as anything Fisher. He could have folded, couldn't he? you know, after very very little amateur experience, nothing really. And he showed a heart tonight. Fatigue should be playing its part now. So when you take a big shot like that, you should go jelly leg. Something should be happening. A nice one, two, left hook there. But Dave Allen again takes it, fights back with a nice sneaky left uppercut of his own. And he walks him back. He leans on him and walks him back. Doesn't he doesn't push not too much experience. Oh, lovely little combination there from Fischer. Yeah, he shows those combinations for Allan using that weight advantage as well. Fisher the run for trying to keep strong. Whatever happens tonight, Fisher has shown us what he's made of. I tell you that. But we knew what Dave Alam was made of, but Fisher has shown us what he's made of. Win or lose tonight. And we'd see it again this. Yeah. I wouldn't want to be in it though. They need a big rest after this. The pair of them. It's not one or loss yet. Who can drive themselves down this last 3 minutes and 45 seconds of action? Fisher the younger man by seven years. Will that help him again? That leaning just drains you, doesn't it? Doing the right thing. He's old manning him a bit here, Dave Allen. This is experience. You're seeing it in front of your eyes. [Music] Johnny Fisher onto a jab as well. Just struggling to to land the shots at the minute. Fisher. Yep. Winning this Dave Allen. And it's going to be a massive victory for him if he can keep it going. Oh, good work two there from Fisher. There's the uppercut. The oo's and R's from Nigel Travis and Jamie Moore alongside us. And here comes Dave Allen again backing Fisher up into his own corner. Just slid to the side there, didn't he, Allen? So Fisher couldn't really see what was coming. It's fabulous to see. And they go back to battle. Grueling, intense, not pretty, but it's been a great watch. And Dave Allen is on the verge of what will be his biggest win on this huge night. And you're right, Darren, it would mean the world to him to go home with a title, but to do it in front of Turkey and Eddie and Frank and George and everybody at ringside in a career that didn't seem to be going, it wasn't going down, but he wasn't going anywhere, was it? That unfortunately for him, you know, the ability that D knows cuz D needs to train him, but the ability he had was not wasted, but just didn't really get the rewards. you trained him, but you got to give hats off to what they've done. Jamie and Nigel, he's obviously in fabulous shape. Oh, absolutely. I mean, they're levels above me as a trainer, that's for sure. And um they they've worked wonders with Dave. They really have. And this has been a fight too hard, but the the half for Dave Allen has been very impressive. He's landed the big shots. He's got the knockdown. And on the biggest stage of all, he was main event top of the bill against David Price at London's O2. But you'd have to say this stage, this card with his career on the line is the biggest moment of his career. Unquestionably, he was at the GBM show a couple of weeks ago. I know Izzy as everyone back home in Yorkshire will be cheering him on. The Doncaster Delha, the white rhino a minute and 20 away. Johnny Fisher sucking it up and seeing it out, showing his toughness. He's been fantastic, Charlie Fisher. He's done all the right things to to make a dent in anyone else. So smart here, Dave Adam, what he's doing. He's leaning on. He's just nullifying the threat of anything coming back his way and he's just stabbing in little right hands. This is good work. Good reply though from Johnny Fisher. But he is spent a bow. Three judges at ringside with this WBA Intercontinental belt on the line. Looks like it's going down to them. Who'd have thought that after four or five rounds? It would be going to the judges. He's really pushing here, isn't he? Fisher really trying to dig deep. Fisher trying to finish strong here. Oh, left hook from Dave Allen and the peril swinging from the hip. Oh, great shots from Allan. Fisher tired, drained. 20 to go. Allan deserves it. Will he get this? Dave Allen. How many times? You can't follow the commitment, can you? The commitment of the pair of them has been absolutely brilliant as they fall into each other's arms. Ladies and gentlemen, after 10 rounds of boxing, we go to the judges scorecards and we have a split decision. Yeah. Judge John Lam scores it 95 to 94 in favor of Johnny Fiser. Judge Lak John scores it 96 to 93 in favor of David Allen. And judge Oliver Bryan scores it 95- 94 for your winner. And now the WBA Intercontinental Heavyweight Champion, Johnny the Rock Fisher.