Kind: captions Language: en What a shot. The female friend of the year. Hello and welcome back to Flash Knockdown series 6, episode number two from our brand new studio. Here's what we have coming up for you all on today's show. Two-way undisputed queen Katy Taylor gives us a world exclusive following her triumph trilogy victory over Amanda Serrano. Three fighters join us in the studio here this week. Firstly, the run football Johnny Fisher updates on life under new trainer Tony Sims. Connor Walker reviews Pat McCormack's win at the weekend and previews Lewis Crocker versus Patty Donovan 2 on Saturday night. Daltton Smith talks his upcoming world title tilt against Sabril Matias. Frank Smith joins us on the blower for a weekly catch up and also all the usual chat quizzes, nonsense and much more. Well, our first guest this week, to be honest, probably one of the most in demand fighters to be spoken to right now and that is British welterweight champion, Mr. Connor Walker. Connor, great to see you, my friend. Thanks so much for coming down. How is life? How are you? &gt;&gt; Good, mate. Yeah, like you just said, I've had I don't know call outs this week. Um so yeah um just got serious you know started the day today Monday um and just uh yeah get back at it and uh wait for the call to come in. &gt;&gt; How does that make you feel? Because I remember a few years ago I bumped into you in the corridor just before you boxed Cyrus Patterson. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And that was your first big breakthrough night. You've had six nights with Matram now. But you said to me you do realize mate you've made a massive mistake here. And I was thinking, well, I don't know why you're telling me that I've made a big mistake, but you meant Matram in general. Obviously, you've gone on to prove what you did. So, when you think about this now and all these fighters all around the world calling you out, which we'll talk about, how does that make you feel? &gt;&gt; Um, yeah, I'm buzzing with it. I am buzzing with it, you know, like like you say, I've I've worked my whole life, whole boxing career to get to this point, so I'm here now. Um, so I've just got to make sure I do the right things and the right steps to stay here. Um, but yeah, look, you know that it feels like yesterday, doesn't it? Two years ago. Um, so is Patterson. Time flies. Um, but yeah, I'm buzzing with it. You know what I mean? I worked hard to get here, so I deserve it. &gt;&gt; Has life remained the same for you since you got a little boy, of course, and you travel around in your camper van and take yourself down to the beach and your time off. But &gt;&gt; has life remained the same in in Wolverampton? Of course, now in camp in Manchester, too. &gt;&gt; Yeah, of course, mate. Nothing changes. Um, you know, I still live ordinary life. Um, I haven't got a PA or nothing like that. So, um, but no, look, I'm I'm just I'm relishing. I'm loving it. Do you know what I mean? I'm &gt;&gt; I'm living my dream, you know what I mean? I've got my little boy, got my misses. You know, we've got a good couple of businesses going. And, you know, life out of boxing is amazing. Life in boxing is amazing. Um, so I can't complain. I remember speaking to you before, Connor, and you talked about one day winning that British title, and you described it as your World Cup final, and you you sort of alluded to the fact that if you won it, you'd maybe you'd be content with that forever. So, what's the drive now that you're British champion? &gt;&gt; Everything else now is is a bonus. Do you know what I mean? I've I've secured I set out in boxing just to win a British title, like we said spoke about, but I always said if you can win a British title, you can push on. Um because I think the British British standard um British level of boxing is um you know worldwide is recognized. You know what I mean? Everyone recognizes I work a British champion and and I do believe that I can push on um with the team I've got uh now and you know the self-belief I think that you knowve I've had my acid tests. I've had I've been in the tough fights and you know I've come back from being down on the scorecards. Um you know I've to I've took controversial losses. I've been in front of thousands. I've fought in front of, you know what I mean, thousands. So, like nothing really um not really asked about nothing now. You know what I mean? Like I'm I'm just I'm just a young fat kid from Wraampton coming to have a go, you know what I mean? So, like look, I'm uh and even now they're speaking about me fighting Pat McCormack, Olympic silver medalist, boxed his whole life. You know, I started boxing 18, you know what I mean? And now now I'm getting spoke about fighting these guys and and you know what I mean? And and I believe that a lot of people and I'd believe that I've got the beating of these guys, you know, over 12 rounds. I'm an able piece of work. So yeah, I mean bring all these massive fights. &gt;&gt; You made the changes after that fight. New training team, Jamie Moore, Nigel Travis moved up to Manchester, had that fight against Liam Taylor. What's life like for you in the gym now day in day out? &gt;&gt; Yeah, classmate. I'm really enjoying it. You know, there solid bunch of lads there. Um Nigel, Jamie, you know what I mean? I just uh really get on with them, you know what I mean? I trust them. They're just they're just good people. Um not only that, they're amazing boxing coaches, you know what I mean? Their boxing brains um are second to none. So like, you know what I mean? I'm really enjoying it. I'm living with Dave and Joe um at the moment. &gt;&gt; How's that class? He's a laugh. He's mate. He's training really, really hard at the minute. So I'm looking forward to his spot. &gt;&gt; Let's talk about this past weekend. As I say, your hot property at the minute, Conor, everyone wants to speak to you. Pat McCormack &gt;&gt; got the job done against Power. He was pulled out at the end of that ninth round. What did you make of Pat's performance? &gt;&gt; Yeah, really good performance. Um, he had a tough Mexican. Um, he done what he had to do. Dragged him down to the stretch. Uh, and got the job done. Um, but that Mexican is not me. Do you know what I mean? I do I do things better than him. Um, and I do believe I'll have the beating of Pat. Um, I don't believe they'll put him in in there with me next. Um, I might be wrong. Uh, I just believe that I think is it eight fights he's had now? Seven or eight fights? &gt;&gt; Eight. Yep. &gt;&gt; Um, he hasn't been to to where I'd take him. And I believe him taking the fight with me, it'll be the similar sort of um to the Cyrus fight too early hasn't done his acid tests and um and yeah, I think I'll uh I'll dog him &gt;&gt; despite the the pedigree then. Despite how everyone's speaking about Pat McCormack, why is that a fight you'd be so confident of winning right now? &gt;&gt; Um I've fought good boxers my whole my whole life, my whole career, do you know what I mean? Um, you know, I've had over what 33 amateur. I've had I've had nearly 60 fights in old, you know what I mean? And I've fought good boxers, you know what I mean? He's not a boxer tricks. He's a good boxer. He's a talented boxer, you know what I mean? He's not he's not your Harry Scarf who can wrap up, switch southpaw stance, you know what I mean? He's just an orthodox boxer who, yes, he's been, you know, he's been to the top level in the amateurs. Yes, he's he's an outstanding boxer, but you got to be them. You've got to be outstanding for 12 rounds with me. And um you know that when when he does dip and he does fade, which he will, I won't. Um yeah, I'll just keep creeping up and and and um I believe I'll catch him on the on the on the rebound on the back end of it. But look, um I hope it comes off. I think it'll be a massive addition to the Eubank Ben. That's what I was I was I was hoping to get on um with that fight. But we'll see. We'll see what comes off. Um, I'm pretty sure this week I should get the get the call with some offers because, you know, I mean, like you say, my name's been circulating. Um, I checked my my socials the other day and you know when it comes up with like views and it went from like I don't know I think it's about 300 400k to like 1.2 million. I was like I just in one weekend cuz it must obviously everyone's talking about it. It must people just clicking and &gt;&gt; well if you want to slip me a Fiverr Con. I must admit I always get your name every post interview every opportunity. &gt;&gt; You do mate. You do and I appreciate that Jamie. you know what I mean? Um, like I said from the start, you know, I mean, you you Matt Troom and you you've welcomed me with open arms and it's it's a pleasure to fight under the banner and obviously be friends with you guys. &gt;&gt; So, the answer from you is yes to Pat McCormack, but you don't think it's next? &gt;&gt; 100% yes. You know how I deal with my my dealings, you know what I mean? I don't say no to a fight. Um, &gt;&gt; I don't know. he hasn't took no no um damage in that fight. So he he could potentially get back in and 10 weeks away for the Eubank Ben. And if not that then um Sam said there's obviously there is other options obviously I can't discuss. Um but we'll see. Look, I'm I'm I'm backing full swing now. Um just waiting for the phone to go. But yeah, like Pat um there's obviously that American guy who's I think that'll be a good a good buildup. The call out the call out from Blair Cobbs we're referring to here was quite fun. &gt;&gt; Blair Blair Cobbs. Blair the fair Cobbs or whatever his name is. Rick Blair at the end of it. But um but no, I think um yeah, I'm I'm I'm in a position of power now. Do you know what I mean? And and and it's mad for me to say that because I've always been the Bside. I've always been the one who has to take the, you know, the the the rubbish fight, the hard fight, should I say. You know what I mean? Um, I never get the I never get the pick of the pick of the grub. But now I now I am I'm British champion and I've defended the British title. You know what I mean? They can't take it away from me now. You know what I mean? I'm that guy now. So, um, yeah, I'm just looking forward to seeing what's what's out there and what deals what what what offers we get. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. What a fight that would be. And obviously, we also have to talk about what's happening this weekend, Connor. As you can see the poster behind us, the big rematch, Winter Park in Belfast, Lewis Crocker, Patty Donovan 2 for the world title &gt;&gt; at Welterweight. You know Lewis Crocker well you you've you fought him a fight that many thought could have gone your way on the night. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Are you still I don't want to say the word upset, but do you you felt you won that fight that night as I say as did many others. Is there still a bit of resentment when you look back at it? &gt;&gt; Yeah, probably is to be fair. I' I'd love to say there's not, but um look, we we're fighters, we're winners, and you know, I believe me being the champion. Um I believe, you know, I mean, he needs to do a bit more. But look, it's happened now. And without that, I probably wouldn't be where I am now. Um because, you know, that step back um was also the making of, you know, uh you know, another another avenue. I went down the other avenue and you know I fought uh Lewis Richson who's a household name and I respect him highly and I think he's obviously again I watched a lot of him coming up and I think he you know when it's one of them that was another fight where I thought you know like I just become your rivals and I think he was always one guy that I' I'd watch a lot of and then I was fighting him you know what I mean I thought he was mad and you know we got the beating of him and then we had had the opportunity with Harry Scarf and I won my you know my dream my dream belt which is a British title So, resentment, yes. But am I asked? Not really. You know, I've got Look, look where I'm at now. Um, but I'd like to put my name in the hat for for the winner. Um, you know, I've got a fight definitely by the before the end of the year and I've got to win that. But I think these guys, whoever wins it, um, I don't think they'll be jumping straight into the elites. I think they're going to want an, you know, uh, a defense. And who better than someone like me who's, you know, British level um not the best boxer as Eddie would say, you know what I mean? You know what I mean? Try it with me. You know what I mean? Give me give me give me a chance. Um uh but I believe I believe I can beat both of them and uh yeah, I'd love to I'd love to put my name in the hat for it. &gt;&gt; Who do you think does become world champion on Saturday night? &gt;&gt; I think Paddyy will. Yeah, just off the back of last performance. I can't see where uh Cocker can change too much. He needs to obviously throw a bit more punch, few more punches. But um yeah, I believe Paddy's Patty's a man for the job. He's a I think he's a great boxer. You know, he's a like you said a box tricks southpaw. He's got a bit of a cheat cheat code Southpaw style. Um I think I think he'll do it again. &gt;&gt; It's always a pleasure, mate. So, thanks so much for coming on. Pat McCormack. The answer from Connor Walker is yes and also the winner of Crocodonovan 2 this weekend. The answer is also yes should it come the way of the wolf Mr. Connor Walker. Now I was fortunate enough to spend a little bit of time with one half of the main event ahead of Saturday's fight Mr. Patty Donovan. Ordinary people out now on matchroom boxing YouTube. Have a look at this. It was a lot of fun. &gt;&gt; Against Crocker is the fight that I want to get redemption for after what happened the last time out. And I know Crocker now. I know what he's about. I know the way he can fight. It's war. As I said, it's not like we're holding hands and going to church to pray. It's it's war. When you get in the ring and it's it's a fight that I want to win so badly. &gt;&gt; Obviously, you were very emotional in the ring and understandably so after the first fight, but you said you you came home and you just were with your family and with your kids and it helped you just to recover and and get yourself back to where you needed to be. Why was it important for you to have that time? Jamie to me like in my culture we get married at quite a young age and I married my wife at the age of 18 and I've been through some tough times in my life and and I'm very very lucky to have her and also our kids of three beautiful daughters and a new son to the family. So to be to be surrounded with such um amazing people after a tough part of my career is I'm very very very happy to be uh in that position. So yeah, I like to switch off, spend some time with the family cuz that's what life is about. I try to do the best I can in the ring and even be a better father and a family man. So yeah, switch off, knock off, and then when it's time for fight, we get back in the ring and we get to action. You &gt;&gt; reckon I could hold it for like two seconds? &gt;&gt; Yeah. One sec. Let me throw him down for you now. That's it. Give me a nice little pull on them. &gt;&gt; That's it. If you feel them going too hard, pull them back towards you. &gt;&gt; This is brilliant. Are we going in here? &gt;&gt; I take them in here. &gt;&gt; How to indicate? &gt;&gt; Indicate. Look left. Look right. Signal. Think horse. &gt;&gt; And we turn nice and slow. &gt;&gt; The horse. &gt;&gt; Horse nearly knows his way. &gt;&gt; Did I pass my test? &gt;&gt; Pass the test. You're a full driver and license. You had a provisional up to now, but now you're a full driver. &gt;&gt; Get in there. &gt;&gt; Well, yes. A huge chance for Patty Donham and of course Lewis Crocker to become world champion in Belfast on Saturday night. And that opportunity in a couple of months time extends to our good friend Daltton Thundermith. Of course, Daltton, welcome. Great to have you in London. Great to have you in the studio. Busy day. You've been over at Talk Sport and then found your way over for the uh the small fry guys over here on Flash Knockdown. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean I always find a some way into an interview, don't I? But no, it's good to be here. Um, obviously it's good to get everything out of the way early um before we get into training and stuff, but um yeah, good to be here. &gt;&gt; How's fly fishing? Been back since or you still after? &gt;&gt; Much better when you go on your own. Let's put it that way. &gt;&gt; Is that on your own with, you know, someone in your family or your other friends and just without me? &gt;&gt; It's people who don't speak a lot, you know, like tone it down a little bit. &gt;&gt; Not me then. &gt;&gt; Um but no, we had a good day fishing, didn't we? At least we caught some. &gt;&gt; Well, bit fraudulent on my part. Yeah, &gt;&gt; cuz I didn't catch that fish. &gt;&gt; You didn't have to say &gt;&gt; but I can't I've been I've been having sleepless nights. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; about it cuz Daltton caught the fish. If you've seen Ordinary People, if you haven't go and watch it, &gt;&gt; Daltton caught the fish and passed me the rod and I still just about got it in the net. &gt;&gt; A good day out though. &gt;&gt; It was great. Loved it. Therapeutic. &gt;&gt; I want to go again to be honest. &gt;&gt; Well, we we'll do it without the cameras next time. We'll catch some catch them properly. &gt;&gt; Then I won't speak. &gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. &gt;&gt; I can't promise anything actually. Uh great news D. Obviously the news that &gt;&gt; we've been speaking about since you made your professional debut all those years ago. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; The world title shot. Here we go. Sabril Matias this year. What's the the overarching feeling for you now that that is there in front of you? &gt;&gt; Do you know what it just feels like a just another fight? Um and I don't know why whether it's probably because I've not had the fight yet. It's still like it is just another fight. Um obviously there's a lot more at stake. But obviously once I become a world champion then it'll be like I can sit back and think wow. But um as of now it just feels like another fight. Um you know 10 week camp, push yourself obviously bring sparring partners in. It's it's no different. It's just you're preparing for a fight. There's just a much higher reward at the end. &gt;&gt; How are you feeling about the little away day to Puerto Rico? Looks like that's where the fight's going to land, which is uh &gt;&gt; will be pretty special and a surreal experience for you, I'm sure. Do &gt;&gt; you know what? I'm I'm excited for it. Um I'm mentally prepared to to go elsewhere to fight for it. Um but that's, you know, you've got a bit of the challenges mentality. Um wherever it is, go over there and bring it back home. I think that to win a world title, that's the best way to do it. &gt;&gt; You picked Poullo to win the fight when we were fly fishing. Asked for your prediction. You were going over to New York and &gt;&gt; you lent towards Puelo. Were you surprised with with how the fight unfolded? What did you make of watching it? &gt;&gt; Not really cuz you know the the both they are both good fighters and Styles make fights but um you know it was still a close fight. Um but yeah like it didn't didn't surprise me. They're both quality operators and um that's that's that's world level boxing. &gt;&gt; What is Matias in terms of a a danger in terms of a challenge then? &gt;&gt; Of course he's he's he's a big he's he's dangerous. He's a good fighter. Um, you know, you don't win two world world titles by fluking it. Um, you know, respect to him. He's a great champion, but big opportunity and something I've worked hard from from a young age and um I'm just confident I'm going to go over there and and take the title. &gt;&gt; You came face to face in the ring as well with his excellency. Did you you sizing him up a little bit having a little look? Of course, you're sizing him up a little bit, but um you know, no, I didn't want to be disrespectful um because I know what it'd be like. You just won a world title and it's like I've got to go and do a face off. So, you know, I kept it respectable, you know, respectable. And um you know, that that night was his moment. I know obviously I didn't want to take that away from him. You know, it's he just won a world title. It's a big thing in his career. Um my time will come. So of course that um that night that was his night &gt;&gt; and of course it will lead itself nicely. Look you've always got to manifest and one thing you've always manifested is Hillsborough because it's not going brilliant on the pitch for Sheffield Wednesday at the minute. No winning four, you know. So they need something to cheer about &gt;&gt; and you becoming world champion and and potentially bringing that fight there next summer that's got to be in your head. &gt;&gt; It' be massive. I mean, we might have a few restrictions with if Chir is still in the the owner, but um hopefully he's he's gone by the time, you know, I get the opportunity there. And um of course that that's my goal. Um big big big nights of box in Hillsborough. You know, I've said it from the start of my career and it's he's still there. &gt;&gt; How do you honestly believe you beat Sabriel Matias now at this stage away from the fight? &gt;&gt; I think there's more than one way to beat somebody. Um, you know, I'm not delusional. I'm not going to go in say I'm going to go in there and I know I'm going to knock him out first round. I know I've got the power to do it. Um, I know I've got the boxing ability. Um, but we know the weaknesses and that's why we do a training camp. You know, we prepare to to to be the best of our our abilities and um, you know, I'm just confident. &gt;&gt; You talked about the the people around you in the gym. Michael Conland, by the way, great performance this past weekend. I was very very pleased for Mick to have that night particularly in Dublin and I meant an awful lot too. You were there as well. What what did you make of what you saw? &gt;&gt; Yeah, obviously it was great. Um you know the tough side of boxing seen two friends fight. Um obviously Jack were one of the first good kids I ever sparred at 9 years old. You know obviously came through and obviously got a lot of respect for Jack and his dad and and and whatnot, but obviously Mick I'm I'm there supporting Mick. He's he's our teammate. is somebody I've looked up to for many years, but you know, seeing him finish his last leg of his career, um, obviously doing it with my dad and proving a lot of doubt was wrong. Um, yeah, it's great and one hell of a performance from him. &gt;&gt; What do you like about We had Frank Smith on, we were talking about maybe this Leewood rematch or maybe Josh Warrington. They're two fights that have been spoken about. Has Mick talked to you about his preference? &gt;&gt; Not really. The only thing he's really said is, you know, he's come back to boxing to, you know, he wants to win a world title. Um, you know, I think it's it's down to Mick what he wants to do. Um, you know, if he's come back to boxing to, you know, mainly focus on pushing and fighting for a world title, then, you know, that's what we'll support for him to do. But, of course, there's those big fights still out there. And, um, you know, they're appetizing to the fight vans. &gt;&gt; And a big fight coming up in the gym as well for your mate Jane Boston. a fight that has gathered a fair bit of momentum after the first one earlier this year. How's he looking ahead of what's turned into a big night in his his young career? &gt;&gt; Of course, and you know, you said things happen as a blessing in disguise. And, you know, I think the draw last time was a blessing for him. Um, you know, it's been good to see him, you know, mature, develop, not just as a fighter, but as a man as well. And, you know, I'm excited to see him fight because he's, you know, he's firing on all cylinders. and um he can go in there to prove a lot of people wrong. &gt;&gt; Couple of quick predictions for you. Big week in boxing. Firstly &gt;&gt; for us over in Belfast there the big rematch. How do you see that going? &gt;&gt; Y um I think pretty much the same as as the first fight. Um hopefully this shots land before the bell this time. But um no, I think they're two great fighters, but I'm picking Donovan in that one. &gt;&gt; What about the big one state side? Um, I'm saying Canelo, but I don't know if it's a bit of a biased opinion. &gt;&gt; Your dog's called Canelo. &gt;&gt; Dog's called Canelo. And um, obviously people know I love Canelo. Um, obviously watched him from his early professional career, but I don't know. I feel like it's gets a bit my opinion's a bit more closer the closer the fight gets. &gt;&gt; Okay. Crawford's special though. &gt;&gt; Crawford's special. I think the two of the best fighters in the world. Um, you know, I think the pound for pound the the best fighters up there. &gt;&gt; Look, I'm so excited for you. Like you say, job's not finished yet. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; But this is this is what why you're in the sport. &gt;&gt; We were just speaking off camera then. This is a message to Eddie. All the OG's of matchroom, they all want to be there in Puerto Rico. So, they got to be there, you know, from the start to the, you know, achieving a childhood dream. Um Eddie needs to get the get the card out and get the get the &gt;&gt; Absolutely. &gt;&gt; Get the OG's over. &gt;&gt; I've only missed three. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Your debut I hadn't started yet. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Uh Casey Benjamin was on a sky show &gt;&gt; and you boxed in Austria. I watched it &gt;&gt; exactly &gt;&gt; in a hotel lobby in Barcelona. &gt;&gt; That's it. &gt;&gt; I'll tweet out the graphic, the winners graphic. &gt;&gt; Exactly. So um that's it. Message to Ed. The OG's are coming. &gt;&gt; Smith. &gt;&gt; Top man. The world awaits and listen from one Smith to another talking about getting the card out. Matram CEO Frank Smith joins us next. We're very happy now to have Frank Smith live on the phone. Uh Frank, obviously I said last week we're due to have Eddie on every week, but he's a very busy man. We tried phoning him. He's on his way back from Mexico. He didn't answer the phone. However, after your performance at the press conference and the postfight interviews, you're the main man anyway, and who needs Eddie Herm, right? Thanks, mate. I'm I'm glad you covered it off with the fact that you tried to get hold of Eddie first and then you basically said, "We'll call Frank instead." Seems like the story of my life, to be honest. &gt;&gt; Do you ever get sick of that, to be honest, or have you have you owned that role? &gt;&gt; No, I think you have to own it. I mean, do you think I would be able to work for Eddie for 17 years if I had much of an ego? Um, you know, I think it's never been the focus for me doing this kind of stuff, but I will do it. And it's you only get better at it the more you do, you know. I remember you used to shake when I first did press conferences. Now I don't shake quite so much. Um, you know, and having you next to me doing the postfight interviews, it makes me a lot more a lot more relaxed, Jamie. &gt;&gt; Well, I make you look good. &gt;&gt; You know, you did you did make a you did make a bit of a gaff on Saturday and I had to remember that we were live on TV before, you know, I took the piss out of you for it. So, uh, that made me &gt;&gt; I can't remember. I can't remember it. But in the moment, I felt like saying something, but I thought, "No." Do you know what? &gt;&gt; Was it Pan Cormarmac and beating Roy Romero? Was it that line? &gt;&gt; I don't know. I don't know. I'll find it. I'll watch it back. I'll let you know. &gt;&gt; Okay. Cheers. Look forward to that. Uh, talking about Sunderland and Frank was a uh was a good show in the end. Good to be back. Felt like we'd we'd had a little break from from the UK market. Big shows happening all all around the world, but a good show and an important win for Pat Mc Pat McCormack, should I say. I guess you got in my head now. You're making me stumble. You normally you normally never do that, mate. You've done the biggest events, the biggest press conferences in the world. Yeah. Look, great show. You know, Sunderland, what an atmosphere it was in there, you know, from the young up and cominging stars that we've got coming through. And then Pat McCormack, who's really someone we believe can be a world champion in the not too distant future. Um, you know, he's he's lacked that momentum, but I think now that's got to be the focus. Keep him busy, get him in those big fights. So, a great win for him. Um, great fight between Troy Williamson and Mark Dickinson as well. You know, exactly what we thought that would be. You know, a good comeback comeback win for Sandy Ryan as well on her her trail back for world titles. Leo Attang looked spectacular. So cool, calm, and composed for just 18 years old. TMAN's going to be something special. Um, you know, Brad Casey's professional debut. Adam Macka in a four round tear up. What you know, he knows no other way. Um, so yeah, it was a good night. Good night. And Cameron Vong back out obviously, you know, ahead of a big end to the year for him. We had Conan Walker on a little bit earlier on and he's made his point very clear. He wants to fight Pat McCormack. He's open to that fight, but he he actually thinks that they won't take that fight next. What's your honest thoughts on what will be next for Pat? And is it Connor Walker? &gt;&gt; I I like the Pat McCormack Connor Walker fight. I think it's a brilliant fight. Obviously Connor Walker has shocked people time and time again, you know, and fair play to him. He's gone in there, he's been written off on multiple occasions, but has shown he deserves to be in the position he's in. Obviously, holding multiple titles, you know, and Pat McCormack is the I think it's the kind of right fight next for Pat McCormack. You know, he's 30 years old, he's not getting younger, and he needs to step up and keep building through. Miguel Parah was a real step up for him. Um, I think both guys want it. I think both guys want it. I've spoken to Ben Davidson uh just before I came on here actually. He's having discussions with Pat McCormack currently. I've been speaking to Sam Jones as well. Um, and I think I'm confident that's the fight we'll see next, you know, and everyone loves the do domestic clashes. They make so much sense and I I think that's what we need to try and deliver. &gt;&gt; Just a quick one on uh Netflix coming out next week as well. Eddie said it's a bit David Brent. You're in it a lot. Every time I looked at you were miked up uh and you kept going like this and pointing at your mic, so I didn't get myself cancelled. Um, are you happy with your representation in this program or have you got a problem? &gt;&gt; No, I'm I'm I'm very happy. You know me, mate. I'm very safe. Everything I do is very safe. Don't take too many risks. Uh Eddie and David Brent is a match that's always gone together for many years. It didn't take a Netflix documentary to bring that out of him. He he's been doing that. He's been doing that since day one. Um but I'm I'm looking forward to it. You know, just under two weeks to go now. We've seen what the likes of Drive to Survive, Full Swing, etc. have done for other sports, obviously Boxto Box, who produced this, did those programs, and I think it can be very beneficial for all, not just boxing, but all the sports we're involved in as a business. And I think it'll be interesting for people to see what goes on behind the curtains, you know, of these of these events and these fights, making these fights and all the sports we work in. &gt;&gt; Big night in Belfast, Crocodonovan. And look, what I think people don't understand about you, Frank, is you might be the CEO and you get your front row seat next to Eddie, but you're also very involved with all the tiny details when it comes to how the banners look and where the security are. Are you more stressed in a stadium fight week than any other? Not really. Look, I used to get stressed back in the day, but we've been doing this for so long now. We've done it at the biggest stadiums around the world. We've been to whether it's Dallas Cowboys breaking the record there, whether it's Wembley Stadium, Tottenham, Cardiff, all over the world, we've done this. So, it becomes a lot more the norm. Every event brings its own challenges. Um, but it's great to do events like this. It's great to create spectacles like this because these are the kind of moments that live on forever. You know, the atmosphere on Saturday night at the Windsor Park is going to be something special. Um, I'm actually not there. I leave on Friday night and I fly to Japan to see Akmadell of knock out Inua and become undisputed champion. So you'll have to be across all those as well as your job. You'll have to be across all the security issues. You you good with it? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. And then obviously we'll all be staying up on the beers all night to watch Canelo Crawford. So &gt;&gt; yeah. And and you might as well start all the way through to see Madelli do a job. &gt;&gt; Yeah, maybe actually. And then also actually one question I do want to ask you about just before we bring in producer Scott who I know you you can't wait to speak to. Obviously Scott's big camera debut now. can't even walk around in stains anymore. Um, you know, his head's completely falling off to be honest with you. But, uh, just a quick one. Ben Eubank, obviously we we seen videos of Connor on the scales this morning. Officially looks like he's starting camp now, 10 weeks out. Are we going to have a press conference soon? What's the latest because it's all gone a bit quiet. &gt;&gt; Yeah, just finalizing that now. Obviously, the seller team and Riad season team who are working on the uh, Canada Crawford event are out in Vegas and I think you'll have news very soon on the press conference in the next couple of weeks. Obviously, I believe it's it carries on from the last few press conferences. Much much entertainment. I saw that video you or you mentioned about Connor. You know, it's 156 pound going into camp. So, it's going to be an interesting fight. Looking forward to it and I'm sure this one will deliver as did the last. &gt;&gt; Okay. Great stuff, Frank. I know you're a busy man, so we are going to bring in Scott quickly just for a couple of questions from the fans. &gt;&gt; No worries. Good afternoon, Frank. got a couple of shoutouts from um from the fans for the best thing to happen in boxing last week and we're going to just get your feedback on those. The first one is from Carl Lenny, 33, who says it was a big win for Michael Conland. There's some big nights left in him. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Always in good fights. &gt;&gt; Sorry Frank, I got in trouble with Eddie on this last week. &gt;&gt; You did this with Eddie last week. I saw this. &gt;&gt; I know I did. You know, &gt;&gt; so you bring Scott in. &gt;&gt; You bring Scott in to say something and then you talk over him and then you &gt;&gt; Jamie adds a little bit of spice show. I want you to answer question. &gt;&gt; Yeah, tremendous win, Mick Conland. You know, I've said it. I said it quite a few times this week, last week. We're in a fickle sport where people get written off after losses when actually if you you get beat against someone who's highly talented and a high level, it shouldn't be the mean the end of your career, you know. Um, and I think, you know, Mick's I think Mick's got a lot still left to offer the sport. He looks good under Grant Smith, looks in great shape, and I'll be excited about the fights he's got ahead of him. Lee Wood rematch. Lee was at the show on on Saturday. Josh Warrington is a fight that's been spoken about. Any of interest? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think look job we're talking at we're looking at the Leewood Josh Warrington fight. Josh Warrington against Michael Conland's a great fight as well. A massive fight. They two huge ticket sellers also. So there's lots of big fights to be made between them all. &gt;&gt; Next shouts from Jose Raman who says Suga Nunes's big win and then the faceoff with Navareti. This will be a war. &gt;&gt; Absolute war. you. Sorry, Jamie. Did you want to jump in before? &gt;&gt; I'm not doing that anymore. &gt;&gt; Uh, &gt;&gt; no. Look, unbelievable fight. If we can make that happen, that's that that will be one of the biggest fights of next year, I think. And as we saw with the Diaz fight at the weekend, just unbelieving unbelieving. We can edit that out, can't we? I sound like Jamie now. I'm making as many mistakes as he is. Um, just a back and forth 12 rounds, and that's what people want to see. You know, Sugar Nunees has been on the road. Great to have him back home in Los Machis with a homecoming win, but Navareti, that would be a fight unlike we unlike anything we've seen in recent times. &gt;&gt; And the last shout this week is from David Pratt, who says, "I know I'm in the minority, but seeing the Mayweather Mike Tyson exhibition is so crazy, it's good." &gt;&gt; I think we see a big Mike Tyson knockout. I think he real rolls back the years and you see a massive finish uh from Mike Tyson. He does a tremendous job against Floyd Mayweather. Um do not miss it. That is a huge exhibition that probably won't happen. &gt;&gt; Could we ever see you in a misfits boxing ring? &gt;&gt; I know you've got &gt;&gt; do it. &gt;&gt; I know you've got a bit. &gt;&gt; I would. Yeah. Ben Davidson took me on the pads the other day and he said he'd happily train me for 50% of my Misfits purse. So throwing it out there to the Misfits division of of the zone. I'm up for it. All it will take is probably 100 grand and a a a you know a weak Love Islander and I'll be in there. &gt;&gt; Who is your dream opponent? my dream opponent. I haven't really got one. I'm quite a I'm quite a nice guy. I like people, you know. I don't dislike too many people. You You give me an opponent, I'll say yes or no. &gt;&gt; Uh what about the Giza you had a little push and a shove with in Ben Eubank weighing? &gt;&gt; It wouldn't be fair, mate. It wouldn't be fair. I'm not saying I'm a tough guy, but you know, I know people know their limitations. &gt;&gt; Ben Shalom. &gt;&gt; I'm not I'm a lover, not a hater, you know. I'll just I'll just uh finish him with my words. I don't need my fist for that one. &gt;&gt; Eat bat to be fair. All right. Good thing you can do the talking. &gt;&gt; He would. That's why I'm saying it. That's why I'm saying it. I'm saying it. I'll use my words. He can use his fists &gt;&gt; off the jab. &gt;&gt; Final one, Frank, before I let you go. I just remembered Katy Taylor was in attendance. Uh, obviously watching TMA and Sandy Ryan, two good friends of hers. She's told me she wants Kro Park. Are there any conversations? How do you see the next few months panning out for her? &gt;&gt; Yeah, look, it needs to be the right fight as well. Needs to be the right fight for her. Croak Park is something we looked at a number of times. I sat down with Brian Peters and Thomas as well who manager at the weekend. Um, let's see what happens because she's done everything in the sport, hasn't she? So, it will all be on her terms as to the opponent, the fight. Um, no news yet on that. We've we've discussed the Croak Park piece a lot. It's very expensive, but that doesn't make it impossible. It just makes it a bit more difficult. Um, so let's see. We we got a big night in Belfast in a stadium this week and if we can recreate that, you know, in in Dublin with what 80,000 people, you know, it would be a moment that would never be forgotten. &gt;&gt; Okay, Frank, thanks so much. Thank Thanks so much, Frank, for coming on. That's what I meant. Tongue twister. That is a tongue twister. Um I actually listen on the back of that, we actually caught up with Katy Taylor a little bit earlier this week. She talked about her next move and plenty of other stuff. Here's what she had to say. The greatest Katy Taylor [Music] Well, they always say make sure you come to Sunderland in September because you never know who you might bump into. And just so happens we bumped into the quote, &gt;&gt; Miss Katy Taylor. Katy, great to see you. &gt;&gt; You too, Jamie. Thank you so much. &gt;&gt; Oh, no. Thanks so much for coming on. I have to ask you just about life really since the trilogy 3-0. &gt;&gt; What have you been up to? &gt;&gt; Um, I've just been relaxing at home really, just with family. Uh life uh is pretty much as normal as as it can be really. Um a great uh a great night obviously in Lazar Garden. A great time to reflect on what's happened and but I've just been resting up and enjoying time time with family. &gt;&gt; Little bit of karaoke to celebrate. &gt;&gt; Yes. Well, what's your karaoke song? &gt;&gt; Um I like I can do a bit of Elvis, Arctic Monkeys, Oasis. &gt;&gt; Oasis. So, people don't know this actually, but I spent a bit of time with Katy at a house in Connecticut and there was a a karaoke machine in the corner and your song was &gt;&gt; the best. &gt;&gt; Uh, no. No, &gt;&gt; we'll save that till the cameras are off. &gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. &gt;&gt; But but that night, the third fight won well that night. It was an incredible night for you. How do you look back on on that last night in particular at Madison Square Garden? &gt;&gt; Just an amazing uh night to cap off the the amazing trilogy really. Um, I obviously knew I had the potential and the ability to make the fight a lot easier for myself and I'm so glad I showed that on on that night. I'm I'm so glad I showed my best and I just showed my boxing skills and made the fight, you know, a lot easier and I wasn't in a war this time which was great. I came out to fight unscated and um just an amazing nice celebration for us. &gt;&gt; What felt different for you in that third fight? Um, I think I just uh felt uh felt like the preparation went great. Um, I felt strong going into the fight. I um I had a great training camp. Um, no injuries, no nickles going into the fight and I was able to showcase what I could do. I felt super confident stepping in there and I was just so glad I was able to showcase my my boxing skills this time. After 30 rounds like that with Amanda Serrano, the highest level, what sort of bond is formed on the back of that? &gt;&gt; I think we always had a lot of uh respect for each other um throughout the whole trilogy. There's a lot of mutual respect between both of us. Um so I think my name is going to be embedded with Amanda's forever. We we go down into the history books forever. The first females to headline masses, Greg Arden. um their first females to receive a record-breaking first and um and then on a Mike Tyson card together and uh and just recently obviously headline an all female boxing card. So they have been three history make a night and um I obviously have the utmost respect for her and her team. &gt;&gt; Probably pretty annoyingly for UK after every fight everyone always talks about what's next but particularly after that Serrano one you know the questions were coming your way about what is next you know what's still there for Katy Taylor to dare to try and achieve in the sport of boxing. What are your thoughts on on that now? &gt;&gt; Well the one fight that I really really want is a crow power for a fight. I think that would top off my career, cap off my careerh so well. Um, our most iconic stage and this is the fight that I've always wanted. We there's obviously so much talk about that um recently over the last few years. We haven't been able to do yet, but I'm still hopeful and still clinging on to that on to the hope that one day I will fight there. Um, that would be just uh the icing on the cake, I think, for me. and to make that occasion extra special. Dance partner, &gt;&gt; who who who sticks out? Who Who would you want to share the ring with on that stage? &gt;&gt; Um, I don't really care. Who do you guys want me to fight? &gt;&gt; Well, do you know what? It's it's interesting you ask, I guess, from from, you know, a fans perspective when when you look at, you know, you've beat everyone you shared the ring with, but it's one with Chantel Cameron. Two epic fights. Is that a fight that would interest you? &gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. Um I'm I think uh I've shown in my throughout my whole career I don't uh I don't know duck anybody. I'm I'm u I've always fought the best. I love those challenges and uh I'm open and ready to fight anyone whoever it is whoever can stay at C Park with me. I'm very very open to that. &gt;&gt; Is it is it in your mind? Is it in your interest to it's one or as I say &gt;&gt; just like you did with Amanda just to solidify that little rivalry in your career and go two- one up so to speak. Yeah, I mean I think I'm actually already two-1 up against Jella Peter as an amateur fighter. So, uh but either way, yeah, I'm very very uh that that's probably the fight that makes more sense. Um but I'm like I said, I'm open to fight anybody at this age. Whoever the big fight out there is and whoever can s park with me, let's uh let's do it. &gt;&gt; You mentioned Mike Tyson. We're seeing some interesting things happening in boxing right now. Particularly, you know, obviously Terrence Crawford against Canelo Alvarez upcoming. What about a little jump up for you? Middleweight, meet Clarissa Shield somewhere coming down. &gt;&gt; I had to go up to middleweight. I think that that would be a huge challenge for me to even go up on the weight like that. But yeah, bring it on. &gt;&gt; It is a shame, isn't it? I guess that that's just not going to align, isn't it? It &gt;&gt; is a shame. &gt;&gt; She has to come down from heavy weight now. I had to go go to middleweight. So, I just need to eat a few more hamburgers, I think. &gt;&gt; How much respect do you have for Clarissa, even though she calls herself the quote, of course. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. She's phenomenal. Um, an amazing talent. Um, just uh just an amazing athlete. What she's done for for the sport itself over the last few years has been absolutely incredible. Um, every single fight she's involved in and makes headlines. She's so entertaining to watch. She's just a natural athlete. She's phenomenal. We think you're the true true quote and go quote and go. &gt;&gt; Ifa was standing here would you say the same to her? &gt;&gt; Absolutely. Yeah% actually. We'll bring you in now. She's &gt;&gt; Exactly. &gt;&gt; Um what do you think about that Canelo Crawford fight? &gt;&gt; Oh, it's a I don't think I've um been this excited for a fight in a long time. I'm super excited. Two legends of the sport meeting together. Um and it's uh it's very very interesting. I'm actually leaning more towards Crawford to be honest. in recent weeks. For some reason, I think he's just his mentality is terrifying. &gt;&gt; He's got the most incredible mentality and he seems to be so hungry for this fight. Um, so yeah, I I can't wait for Who do you have? &gt;&gt; Canelo at the minute. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; I just think people are writing Canelo off. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And I just think he'll rise to the occasion in the way that true great fighters do, you know, and &gt;&gt; I think we'll see the best of him. But it's a it's a fight that everyone's going to watch. We'll be staying up till 4:00 a.m. after &gt;&gt; Crocodon, of course, to watch that. What do you make about that fight? A great night for for Irish boxing. &gt;&gt; The first uh world title, all all Irish world title fight. Amazing. &gt;&gt; Obviously, the last fight and it is so controversy. So, um I think the the match styles are so interesting. Like, yeah, Donovan is just a stylistic fighter. Lewis Crocker has a big punch. But, uh I just can't wait for that. That's going to be such an exciting night for Irish boxing. &gt;&gt; What do you think about uh just quickly we go back to the the Mike Tyson talk? Has your opinion on Jake Paul changed from when you first met him when you look at what he's trying to create and has created women? &gt;&gt; Definitely. I was actually one of those people who so um critical of Jake Paul at the start. Who's this guy headline headlining these shows? But look what he's look what he's doing. He's um he really has kind of changed the sport over the last few years and he's done obviously great things for for my career as well. But um he's getting in there and he's uh and he's producing these great nights. He's uh he doesn't need to make money from this. He's getting he's he's he's improved so much as a fighter as well. Um I don't think he'll ever be a world champion, but I think what he's done is is remarkable. &gt;&gt; Think he'll fight AJ. &gt;&gt; I mean that's uh it's possible, isn't it? This is the world we're living in right now. &gt;&gt; Crazy times. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Dude, they like we never never even thought my ties have been living with Jake Paul. So, um it's crazy crazy world we're living in right now. &gt;&gt; By the time this goes out, Casey, uh young TMAN is fighting today at the time of recording this here in Sunderland for the second time. You share a manager, a management team in in Brian Peters, but you're here to to watch her today. Tell us why. &gt;&gt; Oh, I think uh Tia is a generational talent. She is um in my opinion going to be the greatest of all time. &gt;&gt; Um I think she's very very special. Um I've never seen a female fighter like her before. Um I just uh the on her debut I was like wow this girl is uh is very very special and uh I'm so excited to watch her to watch her progress and um like I said I think she's going to be the greatest. &gt;&gt; She said that you spoke on FaceTime, did you? Yes. &gt;&gt; And she was terrified. She says she was so nervous. So, does she know I don't even know if she knows you're here, does she? &gt;&gt; I'm not too sure to be honest. Um, but I'm just I can't wait to ch to cheer on and uh to watch a talent like that. It's so inspiring even for me. Um, but uh this is this is exactly what women's boxing needs. Fighters like that who just come in and she's just a natural fighter. Her mentality is phenomenal. Such a humble person as well. A beautiful person, but she is something else. She's remarkable, an amazing talent and um yeah, there's no just I think she's going to be the greatest. Like I said, &gt;&gt; no pressure to her. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. No, no pressure. Just be yourself. &gt;&gt; Just final one to end on then, Katie. We are going to see you in a ring next year. If I ask you that question now, you think the answer is yes. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think so. Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, as you always say, the best is yet to come. &gt;&gt; You couldn't leave that out. That's like my favorite Mark Lion. The best is yet to come. Simply the best, &gt;&gt; eh? Taylor, a pleasure. Thanks so much. &gt;&gt; Well, it's certainly new beginnings for the greatest podcast in World Boxing, Flash Knockdown with our brand new studio, episode two of our revamped series. And it's also new beginnings for the Ron for Ball who's now the Brentwood Ball, Mr. Johnny Fisher. Johnny &gt;&gt; Stford Abbert's Ball actually. &gt;&gt; It is actually, isn't it? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Know your geography, please. &gt;&gt; It's actually in the middle of nowhere, isn't it? &gt;&gt; Yes. Well, we I used to work around there, so it's not too far from me. The rabbits is just around the corner, so I can sneak in for a tuna jacket when I want. And uh yeah, it's a good 15 minutes from my house, so it's it's brilliant. But good to be back here talking to you, Jamie. &gt;&gt; Always a pleasure. And for the people who don't know what the rabbits is, that's the local pub, isn't it? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's not just a group of rabbits. It's it's a it's a pub and uh yeah, they do good Sunday roasting there. And uh yeah, it's it's just one of them places. Got good people who run it. Mark and his dad, Nick. And yeah, good memories at the Rabbits. We've done a few little things there with Matum as well. Remember we done the rodeo ball that um little barbecues there, ticket collection. So it's a great place and a boss soldier stronghold. &gt;&gt; I do have to ask you, how are you settling in to to life with Tony Sims? &gt;&gt; Really, really well. I mean, I've always had a a good rapport with Tony from the days when uh we fought on the same cards with his boys, Jimmy Sains, George Lard, Connor Ben, we went to Vegas and &gt;&gt; yeah, he's had a brilliant reputation. Obviously, I know him being a boxing fan. the early days working with Anthony Joshua, John Ryers in the gym, Darren Barker, some brilliant, brilliant names and um hopefully I can follow in their footsteps and just be the best version of myself and that's what our plan is to think about what I'm good at, make them as good as they can and learn some new techniques along along the way. &gt;&gt; What's been the the new things you've been working on that you've been enjoying most? &gt;&gt; I think utilizing my whole body when I throw a punch as well. First thing Tony done when I came into the gym, he said, "Right, shadow box for me, John." And he illustrated to me on video how I'm just using my arms when I throw. He said, "Imagine if we can start unlocking the rotation in your hips and from your legs, how much harder you'll be punching even more so than you are now." And another thing about that is I'll be more economical with myself. So, I'm not just using my arms and building lactic acid up in there. I'm using my whole body. At first, obviously, it's hard to do that because it's a new movement, but it's starting to become a little bit more natural and I'm using my whole body weight into every punch. &gt;&gt; You look lean, bearing in mind, we're out of camp. &gt;&gt; I I was I probably put on a little bit too much weight in terms of not being good weight when I had that little bit of time off. I got up to about 116 kilo, but um I've been talking to my nutritionist, talking to Sunny Cannon as well. Sunny and Tony obviously work closely as well. and um just take a little bit of that fat off but keep the muscle mass that I've built because for the way we're going to fight and the way that Tony wants us to fight got to be super fit. So carrying a little bit of excess as a heavyweight not too much of a problem but we want to make sure we're lean and mean. And I think my best performances when I look back to Babich or Armstrong even the first Dave Allen fight where I had to hang in there. It's because I was super fit. I was able to hang in there. So that's going to be a number one priority for me being super fit. Talking about fitness, I've done a few morning sessions. Not actually done the morning sessions, but watched them with Tony and and the boys in the gym and you know, it's typically down at South End running up some steps at 5:00 in the morning. I've done it at 3:00 in the morning with Connor Ben who's a lunatic. That's a whole different cat of fish. But and the triangle run as well, which is &gt;&gt; well, how what actually is the triangle? &gt;&gt; So, it's about just under a mile. I think it's 0.8 miles. And Tony's actually got times of all the boys and what their time they should be minimally hitting at at the very least. And um yeah, that sounds brutal. Another thing I saw as well saw Jimmy and George doing sparring. George Leard and Jimmy Sains both got big fights coming up themselves. There's one quarter of the ring they was in for 20 minutes. Quote close quarter sparring non-stop 20 minutes straight out. Tony and John Ryder had got the altitude mask ready, taped them around their their stomachs, put them on bag sprints on the bag for four rounds as well. So, it's barbaric stuff, but that's one thing I've come to learn. If you want to to be the best or best version of yourself, you have to train in a barbaric manner, and that's what we're doing now. &gt;&gt; Are you going to do the triangle? You done it yet? &gt;&gt; I want to, but Tony wants to push you hard, but he's also sensible. Daniel Debar's in the gym now as well. He knows we're heavyweights. He said he done a different variation with Anthony Joshua as well. And uh that's where Tony and Sunny working together is going to be so good &gt;&gt; because they can leers with each other and Tonyy's told Sunny to devise an adaptation of the triangle but do it on the assault bike to take the weight off off the knees and the and the joints. You got to think when you run there's eight to nine times your body weight going through your body. So if you're 110 kilos plus it's a lot of load put in with the sparring three times a week and all the other conditioning sessions. So we might escape the triangle luckily me and Daniel. I would like to give it a go. &gt;&gt; Is that certainly the plan? I mean, great in-house sparring. &gt;&gt; Oh, fantastic. I think when I've had my best performances, it's when I've gone away to spar Philip Herovich or I've done a few rounds with Daniel Dewire before he fought Jerel Miller. I think you have to feel that. And I think uh elite level sparring, going in there as an underdog or someone just playing second fiddle to them guys, that's when you can pick up the most. And when I've done that, I've had my best performances. Aside Johnny from what you've learned so far in the gym with with Tony and you're talking about rotating and transferring that weight and in ter what about away from from boxing what what's been the biggest takeaway for you from a personal level after that Dave Allen fight? &gt;&gt; Uh I think I've learned a lot about the people that support me and who are around me. These people are invested in the journey. And I looked at clips that my brother Henry got of the crowd and I've put a few clips on Instagram and people are genuinely upset when you lose. And I think that's the difference between when you support a boxer than to supporting a football team or a rugby team. You're not supporting an organization or uh a club. You're supporting a human being. And then people are invested in your journey as a person as well. And I think that's the beauty of social media because you can be authentic and show yourself in that sort of way. Um, especially as a boxer and I would encourage all boxers not to be fake or fake who they are, but be who they are and put it on social media because I've not only got local people or my close group of friends, but there's people up and down the country, there's people in Australia and Canada and America who all support me uh no matter what I do. So they're invested in the journey and if anything them few weeks off that's given me motivation to go to them hang on I can do better than that I can give a better account of myself. I always try 110% but I did get certain things wrong in the build up to that fight and it I kick myself because then people would pay their money to watch me or buy my merch or they go down the pub and they they cheer me on. I need to do better for them people as well. Um just before I do throw over to you know what is the greatest quiz uh in boxing as well. Your dad's um every time I see your dad I mean I know I knew Big John when he was just John. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And &gt;&gt; he was big though but he just &gt;&gt; Well, I'm not going to disrespect a legend like Big John of course, but &gt;&gt; uh BBC News, &gt;&gt; he seems like he's um a political spearhead now. Well, we've always said people that get a bit of a following on social media, it's it's very annoying when they try and preach and tell people how to live their lives. Like that's not why people follow us and we're we we don't want to be involved in things like that. But I think he saw something in York um a lady who has a Chinese restaurant and obviously his affinity with Chinese restaurants. He saw someone say go home. This lady's been here running that business for 15 years and it's just wrong. We we're proud Englishmen. We we love raising the colors. We love flying the British flag. But part of being a good British man or an English man is being being a gentleman as well. And as as much as we agree we should raise the colors and and and fly our own flag. It's not fair and it's not just to go and attack other people who've been here and been part of Britain and added to our country. So as much as we want to do that, we don't want to uh take them bad do them bad things and there are some bad things happening. It's a balance. There's many good people out there. 95% of people aren't on that extreme of the left or the right and I'm going too political now. But listen, most people just want to get on and live their life. So, let people do it. So, yeah, Big John can be the political spearhead if you want. And the best way to do that is not to be political. Quiz time here on Flash Knockdown. Well, yes. For all our hardcore viewers and listeners, welcome back to the second phase of the greatest quiz in boxing, the flash knockdown quiz, currently led by Mr. Pat McCormack, who of course shone in his victory this past weekend in Sunderland. Guest number two, the Ronford Bull, aka the Brenford Bull, Johnny Fischer over &gt;&gt; I said Brenford, didn't I? &gt;&gt; You said Brenford. &gt;&gt; Brenford, definitely. &gt;&gt; No, I didn't. You did. &gt;&gt; V. &gt;&gt; I've never been to Brenford. &gt;&gt; I said Brenford. &gt;&gt; I actually don't think I did. &gt;&gt; Point of interest, Brenford no longer have a football academy. They don't have it. &gt;&gt; That is the most random fact. &gt;&gt; Yeah, they don't have one. &gt;&gt; How do you know that? &gt;&gt; Remember Henry when he was trying at different clubs? Brenford ceased to have an academy. &gt;&gt; Okay. Thanks for that, John. &gt;&gt; I don't quinty Fisher over to producer Scott to explain the rules of face to face to face to face &gt;&gt; to face to face. Thanks, Jamie. &gt;&gt; Johnny, good luck. &gt;&gt; Thanks. &gt;&gt; Episode two, I'm going to basically show you a face on this card. Not that one. one split in four. You need to tell me the names of the four boxers who make up the face. &gt;&gt; No problem. &gt;&gt; It's two points for each segment. If you don't know the answer, you can ask for a quiz. &gt;&gt; Goes down for a quiz. &gt;&gt; Sorry. Ask for a new quiz. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Here we go. &gt;&gt; Uh then it goes down to one point. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; We're going to pop it up on screen as well about right about now. Mr. Fisher, you can take that. &gt;&gt; Oh, this is odd. I thought it's going to be You haven't seen that either, have you? &gt;&gt; I haven't seen it. All right, let's have a look. So, we've got head, eyes, nose, and mouth. Where you starting off? &gt;&gt; Right. The second with the eyes is Katy Taylor. &gt;&gt; Two points. &gt;&gt; The third is that Zela Barrett. &gt;&gt; Final answer. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; Clue. &gt;&gt; I recognize the hair. The top one's Patty Donovan. &gt;&gt; Two points. &gt;&gt; So, you already Pat McCormack. &gt;&gt; Starting to think, do we need to make it more difficult next week? No, that's the whole point. &gt;&gt; Fourth one. &gt;&gt; Jeron Enis, &gt;&gt; two points. &gt;&gt; Oh, is that correct? &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; I need a clue for the third one. &gt;&gt; Right, here we go. I won the 2016 World Youth Championships in Russia. &gt;&gt; That is Dimmitri Bivol. &gt;&gt; It's not. &gt;&gt; No, &gt;&gt; it's Justice Honey. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's that's that when you said youth Olympic. Yeah. No, that wouldn't have worked. When you said Russia, I went bivvol straight away. &gt;&gt; Six points. &gt;&gt; Top of the leaderboard. J, do you want to do the honors? &gt;&gt; Had a lot of people to beat. Sorry, Pat. But yeah, &gt;&gt; at least I won something this year. &gt;&gt; Johnny Fisher, it is my my honor and a privilege to place you the Brent Wood ball. Oh, &gt;&gt; look at that. &gt;&gt; It's going to go. And on that bombshell, &gt;&gt; it's time to end. &gt;&gt; But &gt;&gt; Johnny Fisher, congratulations. Thanks so much for coming on. Look forward to seeing you down the Matum gym very soon. Nice local from the office. I'll take you down the Brentwood kitchen, you know, sugar up &gt;&gt; and the rabbits. &gt;&gt; Show you the ropes down Essex ways. Not that you need to know. You're an ethics boy anyway. &gt;&gt; Thanks, mate. Good to see you. &gt;&gt; Thanks for coming on, mate. &gt;&gt; Cheers, mate. &gt;&gt; What do you think? Um, &gt;&gt; that's quite terrifying, isn't it? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Do you know a lot of people say you look a bit like Arsenal Beck Madov? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, I've had that a few times. I've had a a lot of people sort of put me in that sort of Eastern Block category, especially if I had a when I used to have a free all over and I didn't have a beard. Uh people call me Johnny Fishov. So yeah, I could I could probably pass as an Eastern Block member. &gt;&gt; J Dave beats him, &gt;&gt; I think. So yeah, I think so. I mean, the Mcmood of four or five years ago was sort of a not a boogeyman, but someone who was revered in division, but I think since he's his loss to Cabay is a is a world level guy. That's that's that's a no shame in that. And then he lost to Guido as well, my friend. And he's he's a good fighter. &gt;&gt; But I think uh I think if if Dave gets past five or six, I think he he will definitely stop him. &gt;&gt; Tried that water. Delicious. &gt;&gt; It's a good water. &gt;&gt; It's fantastic water. &gt;&gt; Probably the best water in on this planet ever. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And I've tasted Haragot water. You know &gt;&gt; what about um You're going to Canelo, aren't you? &gt;&gt; I'm going to Canelo. Yeah. Well, me and my dad are going uh been asked by Netflix to go over there. They're flying us over there, putting us in the Fontaine Blue. &gt;&gt; What a gig &gt;&gt; for three nights. So, &gt;&gt; what you got to do? &gt;&gt; Just go there. Go to the fight. They've got a few dinners for us. I'll go and see my mate Jonathan at the Plaza Hotel, obviously, at Oscar Steakhouse. But, um, yeah, I love it over in Vegas. Three nights is is plenty of time there as well. You don't need much longer than that. But, as a boxing fan, I mean, the fights don't get any bigger than Canelo vers Terrence Crawford. &gt;&gt; Who wins? &gt;&gt; I've run next to Crawford. We done a fight day 5K. I think it was the Joshua Dubois fight and listen he's unbelievable fighter but size does play a part especially when you're going up two weight division so I think it's going to be a tough ass for him to beat if I was a betting man I'd go with Canelo on points but we'll see &gt;&gt; what a life John &gt;&gt; what life e what you reading Jamie &gt;&gt; I'm actually just admiring my own work which isn't like me &gt;&gt; what is it &gt;&gt; um Patty Donovan If you've seen Ordinary People out now on Metron boxing YouTube channel, um I wrote up a piece from Patty's interview talking mainly about mental health and the struggles he's faced out of the ring and how he's harnessed that energy to give him all the strength he needs to become world champion hopefully for him on Saturday night. And you can read it all amongst so many other fantastic pieces of content in the brand new volume edition of Matram's Morning Boxing Journal &gt;&gt; issue three out now. matchboxing.com. &gt;&gt; Is that is that what matchboxing.com? I mean it's a &gt;&gt; what a great photo that is by the way. &gt;&gt; That is that is a sensational photo of Frank Bruno. So there's a few few variations on the cover is there. &gt;&gt; No, they're the issue two and issue number one. So that's the brand new edition which is out out this week. Um some real great content as you say, some exclusive interviews with various fighters. Ross Garity has done a a pear of a job with Frank Bruno. It's a really intriguing read. What 30 years on from his world title victory. &gt;&gt; Ross wrote it. &gt;&gt; He did. Yeah. Honestly, it's really good. &gt;&gt; I don't mean to sound surprised. Uh Ross is a jack of all trades. He is the CMO, chief marketing officer at Matram, &gt;&gt; but yeah, it is fantastic. Fantastic piece to go on the the coffee table and a wonderful read as well. But make sure you go straight to page 114 for uh the best piece in the in the whole book really. Uh Scott, massive week for us. Firstly, quick word on last weekend. Great to be back in the hot seat, so to speak. Pat McCormack. &gt;&gt; It's felt like it's been ages, but a massive win for &gt;&gt; for Pat McCormack in the sense of we were all saying before the fight ringside. &gt;&gt; So want Pat to to look how good he is here in this fight against Power and I think he did showed real glimpses of brilliance, didn't he? &gt;&gt; Definitely. And you know, now excited what's to come. It kind of feels like that was the last fight. The shackles have sort of been rained off from Ben Davidson and the team. And speaking to Connor Walker today, he certainly wants that fight. So that could be a little interesting domestic dust up for for later this year. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And Vong versus Gwyn as well. A good win for Cameron Vong. But I think that's a fight we need to see. You know, it's it must be a bit weird for Cameron because he won the fight. Um, you know, in the in the history books, it's gone down as a Cameron Vaughn win. He's probably wanting to look elsewhere. that I guess it's somewhat similar to Johnny Fischer and Dave Allen in that the fans and and particularly the pressure from Gavin Gwyn. He I don't want to say he's been backed into a corner cuz no doubt he's got other options on the table and he's a fantastic young talent, but I think he wants to to put this one to bed. And just look at the names he's boxed already in his short professional career. You know, there's probably not too many other prospects that are moving at such pace. So, it's a testament to him and his new training team to want to I was going to say right in the wrong, but like you say, it kind of um doesn't sit like that, but you know, for him to to move on with his career and get the job done in more emphatic fashion this time. So, yeah, looking forward to that one. Um Dickinson and Williamson. &gt;&gt; Oh, Troy. Troy the boy. &gt;&gt; Wow. Wow. &gt;&gt; Very hard not to be very pleased for Troy Williamson. Given look, given Mark Dickson's a great lad. We're unsure of what happened with the weight. Um, but the fact that Troy stuck with it, remained disciplined and then to go and win the English title in that fashion when talk about being backed into a corner, his back was really against the wall. Troy Williamson had to win that fight and that was that was a lovely moment and just shows you I think that at any level even at English title level that those moments are so so special and that's why we love it. &gt;&gt; And even backstage after um both guys sort of crossed paths as they was making their exit of the arena. Mark sort of turned around to him, shook his hand and went, "Troy, you know what? Fair play. You deserved it." It's just quite a nice little moment. You probably didn't see Mark will be back. But like you say, for Troy though, it probably was last chance saloon. Now he's got that belt, he'll be looking further ahead. &gt;&gt; And it was uh it was interesting that Katie Taylor was ringing side. Uh obviously she's got some I don't want to say she's put the pressure on TMAN, who is just 19, but she says she's going to be the greatest fighter of all time, which coming from Katie Taylor, who many consider is the greatest fighter of all time. talk about pressure, but from what we're seeing early days from from Tia, she does look special. &gt;&gt; Looking forward to seeing her develop, but I suppose it's more for the matchmakers. How quickly do you do you move her? She's only a young lady, &gt;&gt; but she wants it. That's the issue, you know, &gt;&gt; looks looks frightening. I mean, the speed, the accuracy of the punches, like you say, Katie's put some big uh big weight on those shoulders and it's over to her to see if she can deliver. &gt;&gt; Well, Gabriella Fondora has the record, right? 23, I believe, for to become undisputed. Um, T's got a few years to to set that record. So, who knows? I mean, walking around the golf course in Sunderland with Katy Taylor wasn't on my bingo card either. But &gt;&gt; did you get hit with any stray? &gt;&gt; No. No. I feel like Katie would have just jabbed them away. &gt;&gt; But she was amazing. &gt;&gt; Just she's got a presence, isn't she? &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. The real quote in my opinion. Sorry, Clarissa. &gt;&gt; Talking of presence as well, I think we have to do a little uh roll back to what we did last week. Jamie, do you remember what I captioned Saturday night? &gt;&gt; Oh, I actually know this one to be fair. Pikachu caught me off guard, but this was uh &gt;&gt; I think I'm going to bring up on on screen now. &gt;&gt; I had a good sleep last night. Hopefully my eyes back. &gt;&gt; Oh, did you Jane? Did you have a good sleep? This is going flash knockdown. &gt;&gt; Jamie, what is going on here? &gt;&gt; I'll be honest. Let Can we listen as well so you can hear what I say? &gt;&gt; Yeah, we'll put the audio in. So, the the makeup lady I always like she used to do it backstage, but then Eddie and Frank used to just tear me to shreds when they first saw me getting the makeup. I'm I'm a pale geyzer. I need I've got a big forehead. I have a big forehead and I'm pale, right? So, I need when I'm under the big light, my head looks like Wembley. I need a bit of anti-shine, right? And I need a bit of what do you call it? Foundation to give give me a bit of color. So, I need it. All right. You know, I'm not blessed like everyone else. &gt;&gt; Great time. It looks a bit staged, but it was &gt;&gt; No, it was not staged. But I got to the point where I don't care anymore. So, just if I can dress up as Pikachu, I can have my makeup done ringside. And as soon as you started doing it, you popped up. And I think I'm saying, "Oh, I actually had a good sleep." &gt;&gt; Sleep last night. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Hopefully my eye bags aren't too bad. Oh, mate. It's part of the game. You got to stop caring. I said that last week in this game. &gt;&gt; Very true. Very true. &gt;&gt; Um, but yeah, other than that, my life's pretty good. And, you know, I'm even more blown away by these Tops cards to be honest with you, which are pretty special. &gt;&gt; They look pretty good. I mean, sold out pre-sale. I think we're going to bring up on the screen now a couple of selections of our fighters. Callum Smith, Dorton Smith, Sky Nicholson, you name it, they're in this set. So, keep your eyes on tops.com to see if there is any more released. I'm not sure if they are. They've sold out the pre-sale I think the first two phases, but I mean they look great and the fighters seem to be happy. We just just showed Dorton Smith off camera first sort of um phase of his one. He's delighted. But yeah, they look great. Great. I asked Sunny Edwards cuz he's got one and I was like, "Is this like I've made it moment?" And he said, "Mate, I'll be honest." He was like being in Undisputed the game and then having this. He was like, &gt;&gt; "That's like legacy stuff." &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Fair play. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Imagine you were the top guard. &gt;&gt; Well, yeah. Is it? Well, I'd like to be in Undisputed. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; This is an official &gt;&gt; next edition. &gt;&gt; I mean, I'll do it for free &gt;&gt; cuz they'd obviously sell so many copies on the back of having me in the game. Why can't I wumble out with a mic? Have you post put the fillers out of your &gt;&gt; This is it. This is the official. &gt;&gt; Okay, this is the call out. &gt;&gt; I'm just I'm just wondering. Not a call out, you know. &gt;&gt; Next patch update. You're in it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, why not? &gt;&gt; Can you imagine? Have you seen when they &gt;&gt; hopefully they make my forehead not too shiny and they give me a bit of a turn? &gt;&gt; I was literally going to say, have you seen it when they do the screen screenings? There's like 100 cameras around you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Well, I'd have to get the makeup lady to come down and sort me out beforehand. And uh, of course, Windsor Park just finally, it's been brewing for a long time this one. Spent a lot of time with both guys in camp. Both bang up for it. both with a big points to prove for for different reasons. This is going to be uh I often describe it as an I was there moment, but I think particularly for Irish boxing, the first ever all Irish world title fighters, Katy Tyl Katy Tyler, Katy Taylor highlighted earlier, this is uh this is going to be proper. &gt;&gt; You know what, just when you mentioned Windsor Park right then, I was just thinking, what's the forecast? I've not checked. We haven't done a stadium show for a while where it's pissed down. &gt;&gt; I'll tell you what the forecast is. Go on. &gt;&gt; Fireworks in the box. &gt;&gt; What a way to end the show. That was awful. But yeah, obviously stay tuned all week. Going to be a massive week on Match and Boxing Socials. Join us from Thursday, of course, for the press conference. Friday, the weigh-ins open to the public. That's going to be a rockous atmosphere as always. Then, of course, all the action underway from Windsor Park. Saturday night, the IBF world welterweight title on the line. In the big rematch after all the controversy in March, they do it all again. 12 rounds, the first ever all Irish world title fight. Lewis Crocker of Belfast versus Patty Donovan of Limrich. Days like this certainly we are very fortunate that we are going to be there ringing side but you're all fortunate enough as well that you get a great seat the best seat in the house at home on the zone. Thanks for watching episode two. We hope you enjoyed it. We did as always. Thanks very much to our guests all those who popped into the studio on this lovely afternoon here in London. The romall Johnny Fischer Dalton Smith and Connor Walker as well. Thanks to Katie Taylor who joined me for a little walk around the golf course. And thanks for our CEO, the main man, Mr. Frank Smith, for dialing in as well. We'll see you next week for all of the reviewing process, I guess, of what promises to be a truly truly special week for the sport of boxing. From myself, Jamie Ward, from producer Scott, we'll see you very soon. What a shot. [Applause]