Kind: captions Language: en Now ladies and gentlemen, this is it. The time has come. I said the time has come. From the four corners of the world to the four corners of this ring right here in Guadalajara, Aliscoco, Mexico, the fight starts now. Introducing first the challenger. He fights out of the blue corner. He wears red and black trunks. He scaled officially at 173 lbs. Sento sat libras. Record official victorious knockout. his professional record, nine victories, one defeat, one draw with seven wins coming by way of knockout. Here is the former WBC USA light heavyweight champion fighting out of Jersey City, New Jersey, USA, Khalil. Big step up copper and his opponent across the ring fighting out of the red corner. He is the defending champion. He wears black with blue trim. Official weight Sentosente Libas 173 lbs. Record professing [Music] now. His professional record, 21 victories, two defeats, one draw with 18 wins coming by way of knockout. Here is the reigning and defending WBC USA light heavyweight champion Pelleando Dezde Los Moti Cena Mexico Manuel Eleno Gosh. [Applause] But he gets to redeem himself tonight. Remember Rabdo is the same thing that took Virgil Ortiz out of action for the better part of three years as Gyos lands a nice right hand on the entry there. And that shot hurt Cole. That was a nice short left hook. You know, it it it definitely got his attention. That's what Po has to do is keep that jab busy. Slip, move that head, keep that jab active. Nice counter shot. Excellent big champion. Beautiful jab there from Cohen. That right on the bridge. Gos and that's a great jab because of that last fight. But this is the fight they tried to make twice prior. GGO suffered an injury one time and another time Khalil Co wound up fighting a different opponent in Juan Ritter. They have studied one another extensively and Khalil Co finding all the openings right now just with that jab. That jab is beautiful, man. Knocking Goss off his balance. Good right hand there from Co. That one had Gos off balance. It's a dangerous laser laser jab. The way Kabo's throwing that jab, he's throwing it like a power punch. [Applause] Look at face busted up simply from a jab. Wow. Another one. And that one rock Gos on heels. Look at that one. That is just a power shot in the form of a jab as Goss is now traversing the perimeter and looks to be in a little bit of trouble. That jab has GGO off his just the snap and and understanding how to switch speeds on that jab. Look at that. Now trying to get that left hook to the body off. He had a lot of success with body shots. Oh, that's in that first fight. And that one strayed way low. Someone's mouthpiece came out. I'm not sure who's whose mouth that was. You getting hit with that jab all day. I think it's smart if you just have both of his hands up. Massive right hand there from Co. He's going to need to put his hands up now. Co starting to sit down on that right hand, you know. So, it's Which do you choose? Do you try and block the jab or do you try and have a little bit more vision to try and work your way to the inside? I'm sure that nose is broke. He's having trouble breathing. He's swallowing with blood. [Music] Gas. You're looking at the corner of Gyos and we believe this is being waved off. It is Khalil Co. Sweet Revenge in Guadalajara. Man, that was very impressive. Alo showed the full package, man. Great defense, great jab, great counters, nice defense. He did his thing. That is a clinical surgical bounceback win for Khalil Co. Ladies and gentlemen, referee Pablo Cruz calls a halt to this contest. 1 second of round number six, declaring your winner by TKO. And the new WBC USA light heavyweight champion, the big stepper, Khalil [Music] Co. Uh flat out, I just wasn't sick, you know. Um the last fight I was dealing with a lot of body um and internal internal uh problems, you know. I was hospitalized twice before my last fight and uh that pretty much was what made the difference. You know, uh this camp, no problems all the way through. 100% co and y'all see what happened. Now, you made it look so easy. What changed in the ring? Uh nothing. You know what I mean? Like I said, I wasn't sick, you know? I definitely want to give a shout out to my coaches, uh Real, my coach, Wii, my family, everybody who supported me, my baby girl, Shay, you know. Um definitely. And uh I just want to thank everybody who supported me. Shout out to Lady G's. We coming home to see y'all, you know. Um and we working, we training. Let's talk about that jab. The first four rounds, that jab did not miss. What else was your corner telling you? Cuz after the fourth round, we heard him say, "Go to the body a bit more." Yeah, they wanted me to um work off the jab more. You know, the game plan was to to stick to the jab. You know, he's a tough fighter. You can't We weren't, you know, we weren't expecting him to back down or quit anything. We were just trying to break him down and break his will, you know, and uh that's what happened. when we stuck to the game plan. They wanted me to work to the body a little more as we as we progress to slow him down. And hey, where would you rank this win in your career? Is it the most satisfying one yet? Um, I wouldn't say it's the most satisfying, but it's definitely um uh uh uh one of the biggest statements I made. You know, I came to a whole another country and I fought him in his backyard. I came all the way to Mexico. Shout out to Mexico. I never been to Mexico before, you know. Um, I love it here, you know, but we came to get the job done. That's what we did. Definitely made a statement tonight. Now, any message that you want to send to the fighters in your division? Watch your mouth when you speak on me. That's all I'm going to say. Great win. We're going to send it back to you guys.