Kind: captions Language: en is set and we are here. THIS IS IT. THE TIME HAS COME. I SAID THE TIME HAS COME. FROM THE FOUR CORNERS OF THE WORLD TO THE FOUR CORNERS OF THIS RING RIGHT HERE IN NOTTINGHAM, ENGLAND. THE FIGHT STARTS NOW. [screaming] Introducing first, fighting out of the red corner. He wears the leads colors of white, yellow, and blue. He scaled nine stone, 3 lb 11 oz. professional record, 32 victories, four defeats, one draw with eight wins coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the former British, COMMONWEALTH, EUROPEAN, and twotime FEATHERWEIGHT CHAMPION OF the world from lead England, the lead warrior, Josh [screaming] Warington. Florington [cheering] and his opponent across the ring fighting out of the blue corner. [cheering] He wears the Nottingham Forest green, gold, and white. He scaled nine stone 3 lb 13 oz. professional record 28 victories, four defeats with 17 wins coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, here is the former British Commonwealth AND WBA FEATHERWEIGHT CHAMPION OF THE WORLD PROUDLY FIGHTING OUT OF HIS HOME OF GAMBLING NODDING of England. Blood from the nose of Lee Wood and a left hand from Warrington that will spur the lead's warrior on. But Wood targeting that Warrington body trying to squeeze in shots under those muscly arms. &gt;&gt; Oh, and that's the worry there for trying to hurt Lee Wood. He's trying to let Sony shock as though he's caught in. That's what I'm trying to say. He throws in combinations, but he's got to be aware that he doesn't get caught throwing like he did in the last contest. &gt;&gt; But he did catch him there and he smiled Josh Warrington. He predicted an early knockout. All right, &gt;&gt; Leewood comes back and day they've had and Warington's absolutely convinced he goes back to leads with the victory. It means so much to him. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's got to be busy and he's got to be disciplined. I keep using that word, but that was what let him down last time. Nice left hook though for &gt;&gt; that first fight in Sheffield two years and four months ago. Here comes Warrington with the combination body shot just gets Wood holding on over the far side of the ring. beat with Wood just lands shots. Oh, over the front foot gets caught on a lovely lead hook from Wood and a body shot again from Lee Wood cuz you you want to be pushing the pace quite someone else's temple. Left arm from Warrington. Use the uppercut. Hasn't targeted the body much. Warrington chasing now beginning [cheering] to lovely wonderful punch from Lee Wooding heavy shots back. Oh man from Josh Warrington and he's so determined to get revenge here. &gt;&gt; Corner there, isn't it? &gt;&gt; Very relaxed, calm. &gt;&gt; Good job there from Warington. I mean, you can go again. You can go. &gt;&gt; Big part of this is Lee Wood stopping him from being able to mount an attack. &gt;&gt; The footwork Lee Wood is the the way he's controlled the space. Look at that again. Just taking a couple of steps back back to center ring and it's been so impressive. And I think that's nullified the work, the threat of Josh Warrington. &gt;&gt; And you know, it's good to see Barry Smith back in the corner as well. In Monaco, the morning of the Pat Mc Walker fight, he fell down one step and broke his leg. He left there. An argument in some of the rounds for the aggression, the front foot of Warrington or maybe &gt;&gt; he still landed some clean shots. That was a good body shot though from Leewood. &gt;&gt; He's taking too many punches to target. I agree. I agree. &gt;&gt; I tell I tell you what he is. Little adjustments totally different in there from the middle. I think these body shots have been good tonight from Lee Woodies with 20 seconds to go. Warrington with A RIGHT HAND. HE'S NOT DONE JUST YET. LATE DRAMA MAYBE. 15 seconds on the clock. Warrington leads a huge punch. Miracle really. THE CLOCK'S GOING DOWN. JOSH WARRINGTON SMILES. He'll probably RETIRE TONIGHT. A GREAT FIGHT THAT WE'VE SEEN, but Lee Wood got it right. An absolutely exquisite performance from Wood from start to finish tactically. Ladies and gentlemen, if we can get a nice round of applause from both of these warriors and the great moments that they've given us in the ring. [applause] After 12 rounds of action here in Nottingham, we go to the scorecards. Kevin Parker 119 109. Victor Lachland 119 110. Kieran McCann 117 111. of three for your winner by unanimous decision equal. He is still the sheriff the sheriff of [music] auntie soon celebrating family. Thousands will go home happy. Josh Warrington with his head held high as well. Maybe the last time we see him, who knows? He's given us so much. [music] So too, Lee Wood. Wonderful to see this respect. If that's the last time we see Josh, he's had a fantastic career in the car. The first three, the best I've ever seen. &gt;&gt; Both of them say about their futures and how they reflect. Jamie is in the ring ready. &gt;&gt; Lee Woods. Lee, congratulations. You've been involved in a lot of big nights in this wonderful career so far. A lot was said in the buildup to this one. I just wonder where this night ranks for you. How sweet was that tonight? Very sweet. You know, I worked hard for this and my team worked hard, sacrificed a lot away from home and my family and kids. One night. One night. You know, it's to get a good night in because I've had some good ones, but I've also had some bad ones. So, this for you guys did turn out for me time and time again. Enjoy tonight. I will. &gt;&gt; The verdict from ringside. Look, you made it look comfortable in here tonight. That they said it was one of your best performances we've seen in a number of years tonight, Leewood. How did the body feeling here tonight at 37? Yeah, my body felt good. Mentally felt good. Physically, it felt good. A little bit more nervous going in cuz I' had a long time out the ring, but um I know what you're hitting tonight, but I'm not too sure yet. I'm not going to make a decision on the spot, but what a fight to finish on if it was the last one. &gt;&gt; Stayed South tonight. The hands were low. Did you always feel heading into this fight that you could use Josh's aggression and frustration to frustrate him ultimately? &gt;&gt; Yeah, for sure. But Josh is a great fighter, but because we had the information the first fight, we knew on his entries and that, but even so, he comes with some great body shots and Josh a tough man. &gt;&gt; And in terms of Josh Warrington, we're going to bring him in in just a moment. A word on him that you've shared the ring twice together now. Two world champions who have come from humble beginnings to achieve their dreams. What do you want to say about the lead's warrior tonight? Yeah, he's a tough guy. Josh, we'll have a talk after and have a drink for sure. Promoter ready, your verdict from ringside immediately. &gt;&gt; It's a great performance from Leewood and you know, Josh would always try give 100%. He couldn't get his shots off. You know, Lee's movement was so good. And you know, we just want to say, like I said in a press conference, thank you to both men. The nights that I've given, you know, they've given us, the nights that Matt Palon with us, the fans have been incredible from Leeds and Nottingham and the stories are amazing as well. two former world champions, two guys that put their heart on their sleeve every time they enter the ring. And the support here in the atmosphere tonight was one of the best that we've seen through the Conland fight, through the Lara fight, through the Frampton fight, through the Selby fight, through the Kiko Martinez fight, these guys have fought them all. And um you know, tonight, whatever's next for these guys, we know they're coming to the back end of their career, but a great victory from Leewood here in his hometown of Nottingham. It's an amazing story what he's achieved from being virtually down and out. this whole city's got behind him and he's changed his life forever. It's it's a brilliant story. He's a great man and um you know these guys are the ones that do it in the ring. But without the support of the people here from these two great cities, they never would have achieved what they went on to achieve. City ground maybe if it's the right person struggle to turn down there. But you know what the main thing tonight is inspiring the next generation. I was up here in these stands watching Carl. It inspired me. I looked around and thought one day I want to fill this place and I hopefully if there's other amateurs or other fighters out there they feel the same way and if I inspired one or two fighters I've done the job that I wanted to do. Great stuff Lee. Let's bring in the lead warrior Josh Warrington as well. Josh can we bring you in [cheering] Josh here my friend commiserations. &gt;&gt; Josh after the fight in 2023 you were very frustrated. How do the emotions compare tonight? Yeah, same same again Jay. Um, you know, I've come into this fight one of fittest, one of strongest. You know, the the the last fight in Wimbley were like my first rodeo super featherweight and I felt like a little bit out of me depth, but I I still felt like I compete with could compete with Kikachi. Um, but I just there was just something off and tonight I come in here even stronger, even fitter, you know, sparring being unbelievable. Um, you know, I was like, again, I could see bits and bats what Lee were doing, but I just couldn't capitalize on it. You know, I feel like compared to a couple of years ago, like, uh, probably a bit more appreciative, but, um, reactions were a lot better than tonight. Just just just off a pace, mate. Off of pace. &gt;&gt; Emotions very raw at the moment. We saw you just soaking everything up there in front of your your lead supporter have marched on together with you for so many years. What's going through your mind now, Josh, in terms of what is next? &gt;&gt; Well, It's like look at that. I mean it's been 50 feet before they coming to here been beaten four times and you know they've backed me through thick and thin. Best supporters in the world and the they travel the you know follow their own through thick and thin. Um what's I'm not going to make a decision first and foremost I want you know I've only been down here a week. I miss my kids immensely. I want to go home and see my little boy and my twin daughters. Um, but you know, I'm not going to make no rash decisions. With that being said, you know, I I can't keep on coming out here and like people are spending their hard earned money and I'm not [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] giving absolutely everything. I mean, I tried my best. I tried my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] very best and I wanted it bad. I wanted it so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bad. I've obsessed with Lee for the last 14 um weeks. I've I've trained immensely. I've worked my bollocks off in in the gym and was sparring and I couldn't do anymore. But you know towards this week that man is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] messes being a bit all over the place and when coming here tonight I was just thinking about a little bit too much and you know in a sport of boxing you you certainly can't doing that against you know people like like Lewood. &gt;&gt; Well Josh look in terms of a man who went into the sport just to win an area title achieved absolutely everything. Whatever you do decide to do next, British boxing certainly thanks Josh Warrington.