Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Body jig. Body jig. Okay, boys. If a cold break to take a step back, don't deliberately throw a punch to the back of the head. Protect yourselves at all times. Trish close. Good lords. Second fight here on before the bell. And that's an intriguing one. the veteran almost 41-year-old Grant Dennis versus the very exciting youngster from East London, Ley Buttery here at the Canon Medical Arena in Sheffield. And it's like musical chairs here at the comm's desk. Out goes former world champion Sunny Edwards. In comes the former amateur star and 1 and0 as a professional Pat Brown. How you doing, Pat? I'm all good, thank you. Everyone, glad to be back in the uh the boxing scene and uh yeah, we got a good show on tonight. Yeah, good to have you back, mate. Fresh off that explosive debut, but you were thrilled to get that monkey off your back, I guess. Get get one notched off. Yeah, definitely. It was a big big weight on his shoulders and it's off now. But it's nice to see uh Lei is getting his jab off. He's he's establishing it and he he's stating his dominance in the middle of the ring. Yeah, we see him, as I say last time out against James Todd, sort of regrouping in the second part of the fight and really stuck to his boxing, but he does have that natural fire aggression. Likes to get stuck in. Just throwing a nice one two left to the body. Really is a a good fighter. Lives and breathes this uh sport. was actually toying with the idea of fighting at Super Walter, but he really is a tall young man, still growing, only 20 years old, so at middleweight at the minute, but I was speaking to Al Smith, his coach, and Eddie Lamb, saying he's almost outgrowing the middleweight division already. Yeah, he looks mature for his age, definitely. And he's doing some nice shots there behind the ear and he's going uh not he's going upstairs and downstairs. So, it's all good work so far. Yeah, good thought in the work of Butter G trying to set the jab uh traps. Nice jab though from Grant Dennis. As I say, he's been around. Knows exactly what to do to not just win fights, but to upset and pose problems for these youngsters coming through. You can tell as well, you know, Grant is physically he's physically there. He's a strong man and uh it'll be a good test uh tonight. Yeah, he fought Keo who's uh our first fight on tonight's live broadcast against Ryan Kelly. Lost on points. Also, Mark Dickinson, who we see performed really well in his last contest, both exchanging uppercuts inside. It just shows the ambition Pat. You see Bas out last time against James Todd who pushed Comwalth Games bron medalist. Aaron Bowen hard in their fight, dropped Aaron Bowen and it goes into this fight. So shows real desire to to push on from Baji. Yeah, 100%. He's there to fight. He he's keeping active and um great first round. Yeah, good round. Good boxing from Baji. Dennis showing his tough Round two. Yeah, good opening round and into the second we go. Ly Basy in the blue corner, the black and orange trunks versus Grant Dennis in the blue. [Music] 29 fight veteran Dennis as far as 41 year olds go fit as a fiddle. Ley butter started boxing when he was seven. Joined East London's new amateur boxing club and as I say won four national titles turned pro with Al Smith at the eyebox gym in Brmley. Now Smith, he knows his boxing inside out and really rates But believe he's got a good career in the sport and demonstrating their p nice crisp combinations. Yeah, definitely. You can tell he's had that amateur pedigree. Um he's got a nice tight guard as well, but he doesn't just rely on that, you know, he goes into the fill shell also and steps off and as we mentioned before, he's really established that jab and I like to see him keep throwing it. And it was a great one two there. again that was lovely sharp one two straight down the pipe of Dennis Al Smith he's taken them on the road done lots of tough hard rounds sparring in other gyms someone who really rates him very good fighter is Josh Kelly says he's a good fighter tough game says he's got a very good future ahead of him just fainting there to the body but he trying to open up Dennis's tight guard He's missing with the right uppercut. Never looks over roared, Dennis, does he, Pat? No, he stays calm. And this round, you know, his jab to the body and to the head. He's mixing it up and it's keeping Dennis thinking. And yeah, he's he's whipping that right hand over now as well. Oh, great shot. Yeah, he likes that shot, Dennis. He likes the the counter left hook. Seen him in fights in the past, but nearly but he keeps it long like this. He can still be aggressive. He can still be spiteful and looking very very dangerous with that one too. Yeah, when he keeps it long he is he's is definitely dangerous and you know Gran is strong. So when he's going down to the body as well it's taking it off the engine. Yeah. This the sixth round for Bas. He's also got another fight scheduled on that big bill coming up. The rematch between the man we see in the previous fight in the corner of Joe Howworth, Dave Allen versus Johnny Fisher. So that's what you want to be as a young fighter. I'm sure you want to be active Pat. He had five fights last year but so I'm sure you'll be looking to follow suit 100%. Yeah, an active fighter is a dangerous fighter and uh yeah, especially at the start of your career. All you want to do is keep that ball rolling. [Applause] What you want to do exactly like that double power. Thank you, boys. [Applause] Second, round three. Well, into the third round we go. But versus Dennis, middleweight division. I say he was uh toying with the idea of fighting down at Super Welter, but weighed 164 pounds for this one. Growing all the time, only Trey. It's good work from Dennis. Reverse one, two there. Starting with the right hand, finishing with the left. Yeah, he's had very slick movement um during this fight. And yeah, we might see him uh throw some shots and that after that as well, you see it. I'm not I'm not calling Dennis a journeyman here, but where they fight so regularly in regularly and in Grant Dennis's instance fighting last weekend, the the timing is always there and you can see just as that taking the sting out of shots. You can see he moves. He slips and slides and you get that from fighting regularly. You know it as a top class amateur. The more you're doing it, the more natural and composed and and quick and loose and relaxed you feel. 100%. Yeah, you can tell that Grant's riding certain shots. He's got a nice tight guard and listen, he's an hour man to get out of there, but at the moment, you know, G is do he's doing what what he's meant to be doing. He's on the jab. He's not becoming reckless and he's boxing smart. Yeah, he is boxing smart. Look, like all youngsters, always desperate to get that finish, but I think he's fully aware of the the step up in quality that he's got in front of him. And it's all about winning. It's all about doing the right thing. And you can see he has got that bit between his teeth. A little smile from Buttergy there. But as you pointed out that box in nicely Dennis always looking to fire back just missing almost grazing the shoulder of Butter G with a right hand. Yeah, definitely. And he he's slowly starting to walk him down now. I think he's he's smelling that Dennis is getting fatigued and you know he's he's pressing the pace now. Yeah, this is good. I agree. just turning the screw ever so slightly. He's not getting reckless. Nice variation there. Jab upstairs right to the body and he doesn't seem to have any answer. He doesn't look hurt or unfazed at all. Fazed rather, but he is under the kosh. Dennis nice jab manages to slip the second but just misses with the counter screw shot. Oh, a nice left hook there, Pat. Yeah, he's he's hitting with a good few left ups um just behind the ear as well. So Dennis will be feeling that one for sure. Sure, Lily Butter Gy for you doing exactly what he needs to. Anything else you'd like to see him doing or was it more a case of Dennis having to try something else here? I think I think he's doing great at the moment. You know, he's taking his time. He's not rushing his work. Uh I would like him to go back to stabbing down to the body and then whipping that right hand back over. as they witness round four their local star, the next star potentially of these parts, Dorton Smith, the fight before the fight against Canadian Machu Jermaine. We're seeing it here. Ley Buttery just showing us what he's all about. Nice variation with the work, holding center of the ring. Looks as if he's waiting for the shots to come out of Dennis so he can fire back with a counter. [Applause] Tucking up. was a nice left uppercut. What a nice attempt at the shot from Dennis, but he just closed them elbows up and demonstrating a good defense faring back with a nice jab and a long right hook pack. Yeah, I'm really impressed with his defense so far, he's is mixing it up and um he's not retreating as well. Most fighters when they're getting shots getting thrown at him, they retreat too much and they lose the ground. But G is staying there defending. He's throwing back. Yeah, nice shot lead. Yeah, you're right, Pat. Boxing nicely. A left hook upstairs to the body. Fired through an uppercut. Just dipping under the jab as well. Looking for the right to the body. Just strand a little low, says the referee. Left uppercut again. And is this the tempo that you're asking for? Pat starting to come through. Yeah, definitely. He's uh he's turning it up now. And he's introduced the the left upper court a hell of a lot from last round as well. So yeah, that shot's always hitting Dennis every time he throws it. Great shot there. Yeah, nice one, two. Really, really works the simple stuff well. Bas the straight one, two. So effective. Double jab right hand again. Just taking the sting out of the shot. Grant Dennis. Tough as they come. Yeah, definitely tough as they come. He's a very hard man to get out of there, but I'm still liking But's work. He's not rushing it. Even though he's upped the output, he's still remaining calm. Yeah, like I say, he still looks absolutely fine. Dennis has his wits about him still. Second best do feel probably the best chances to try and get close [Applause] and some big shots of his own at range. As you can see, there's only one winner. As I say that though, Deli Bi just stepping that front foot a bit closer, working the body. Oh, nice trouble shot to the body. Finish him with a left hook pack. Good work. Yeah, his left hook seems like the danger shot and it's always as the combination's finishing off. He just hits Dennis on the on the way out. Yep, he's up it. But he has to save Dennis. He's up to the task. He's surviving. He's hanging in there. Going to work the body again. Based. That's another good round in the bank. Just gives Little nod to Eddie Hearn. Eddie gives one back. Be happy with what he's seeing here. I'm sure Pat 100%. Yeah, he's putting on a good display of boxing. And you know, he's not he's not taking no damage either. Look at that left uppercut that we spoken about before. He lands it every single time. And there's that nice one two as well. That really clipped him. But listen, fair play to Dennis. He's got a chin on him. Yeah, demonstrating a good variation as you say. The nice one, two. keeps it simple when he has to and starts showing a bit more natural flare with the variations when he has the chance to coming up with the left foot. The uppercuts will work really really well. Times a tough shot for taller fighters to throw but he delivers the uppercuts really really well. Again another shot in the venue here arena the medical cannon arena here in Sheffield very close to the motorpoint arena. all kicks off live global home of boxing the zone at 700 p.m. that card back to this one but just landing a nice one two to start the round pack. Yeah, he's he's coming coming at him again. Uh it looks like Dennis is starting to he's whipping the jab out but he's looking tired now. But I think the Figy keeps turning up turning it on potentially might get him out there. Not sure if you'll agree with me, but I think if he offers more shots, Dennis coming out, he'll be happy with that, but he's got the opportunity with that pedigree, albeit as a junior to to make him pay. If anything sloppy does come out from Dennis as he's tiring, he'll he'll punish him for sure. And as you can see again starting to up the work again Pat. Yeah, he's up in the work. I like to see him go downstairs though because he gets really good success there and it takes out Dennis. There we go. Nice shot there Eddie and manager Lee and really trying to will on Baji to try and get the finish. A low one just giving him time to recover. See him just cupping his private parts there, Dennis. They hurt. I'm sure you're going to have to deal with a few of those, Pat, in the years to come. Yeah, it's not a nice feeling, I tell you that. Any advice I can give you, get a nice strong protector. But back to this butter getting to work. Nice straight shots. finishing that with a nice long left hook. I think he feels he's hurt Dennis. Yeah, I believe so. He's putting the combinations together. I just want him to whip one uh downstairs now cuz that that could potentially get him out there. Yeah, he does describe the body shots well. Yeah, as you say, there's that shot to the body. Taps upstairs with a left hook. There we go. Ready to go. Yeah, again really up in the work. This is good work from the East Londoner. Only 20 years old as we say, but showing real maturity in there now. Looks physically strong, doesn't he? Yeah, physically strong. Showing maturity and needs to keep chopping that tree cuz it's working. And I love this. I love this spite this aggression, this fire in the eyes from the young man. Oh no, that was a lovely left to the body. I thought he was going to complain there that he was low, but that was a peach of a left hook and it doesn't look like he's going to recover from this. What a display from the young East London at less to the young man. Not many do that to Grant Dennis. Only four people have stopped Dennis. That was a tremendous display of spite. Good punch variation from Liy Baji Pat Brown. Yeah, great display there. And like we were saying when he went down to the body, uh that was the way to get Dennis out of there cuz he's a tough bloke and he's got a chin. But credit to But that was a great performance and he should be proud of that, especially with his age. Yeah, really mature performance. He didn't do anything silly early. He kept it nice and long. talk us through these closing seconds, Pat. Yeah, he's he's got a nice tight guard and uh he didn't get it much often either. Um as you can tell by his face, but yeah, where he slotted it in there, you can tell it just crumbled him and you can see what it means to him. Hope they can find that gum shot cuz they're not cheap. But yeah, really showing maturity. I mean, that's the best word for that performance. strong physically. Good work. Thinking all the time. Al Smith Leon will be thrilled with their charge as will Eddie Hearn. I can see just the back of our shot talking to a fellow manager in Sam Jones. But let's hand over to our MC David Diamante for the decision. Ladies and gentlemen, referee Steve Steve Gray reaches the count of 10 at 2 minutes and 19 seconds of round number five, declaring your winner by knockout. He's still undefeated. Ley Buddy J. J gets his eighth win of his career, second inside the distance, and you'd have to say probably the best of his performance, bearing in mind who he's fought there. And the way he dispatched Dennis, very, very impressive. A smile from the 41-year-old who, as I say, was out last weekend, but went the distance. And you can see him shrugging his shoulders and saying, "There's not much more I could do." But we have Eddie N. We have Butter G alongside our report for the evening, the young, talented, handsome Jamie Ward. Thank you, Darren. Okay, Ly Butter. Congratulations. 8-0. looked like you enjoyed that one tonight. Tell us how you feeling right now. Yeah, you know, I'm buzzing. You know, I think I just made a statement there. Stopped a very tough man. You know, I'm stepping it up in the opponent each time. So, we're getting back each fight. And listen, I'm ready for the next one. Like you say, Grant Dennis, we know what we're going to get with Grant Dennis. He's a tough man. He always comes to win. Not many have done that to him over a long career. Can you feel like you made a bit of a statement tonight? Yeah, definitely. A lot more of that is going to come. You know, um sometimes I don't go through the gears enough, but you know, I'm starting to find myself a bit more like go through the paces. Well, a lot more stoppages to come in the future. Up until the stoppage, what questions did you have to answer in there coming from Grant tonight? Uh, to be honest, I was just uh being wary of the counters because I was catching him with a jab each time. So, I had a feeling I was going to come back with a right hand. So, just to watch the counters and just keep throwing it through the gears. And in terms of the finish, just talk us how you set that up and the final moments to the fight as well that led to the end. Well, I was just uh sticking behind the jab and I just thought a little slip wrap around the body, he was done. And in terms of before we bring in Eddie Hearn, when you look at the matchmaking, a hard fight already this year with James Dog straight into another hard fight with Grant Dennis. What's the approach from you and the team in taking challenges like this? You're still only 20 years old, of course. Yeah, I believe in my ability. You know, I would not believe my ability. I'll fight anyone. I don't care who you are, but you know, I don't want to rush nothing. Um, you know, I've got a good team around me. So, whoever they put in front of me, they're going to guide me correctly. So, whoever it is, I'm ready. Talking of guiding, let's bring in the man behind the journey here, promote Ready Hearn. Second good win of 2025 for Lei. What did you make of that tonight? Really impressive. I mean, you know, the James Todd victory was a good one. And tonight, Grant Dennis is a good fighter. You know, he's testing a lot of these young pros. Rarely gets stopped like that. And it was beautiful to see. You know, I was just screaming at him just saying when you get on the inside, just work him over because he's very, very strong and he's good fighter on the inside. We saw that in the James Todd fight as well. He can box long, but sometimes as the rounds go on, you want to start using your attributes, which is his strength. I mean, I don't know what's happened since January, but he's shot up. You know, he's he's now what he weigh 165 pound yesterday. You know, now moving into the super middleweight category. I still think we decide middleweight, super middleweight, moving forward for the championship stuff. But now, next up, the copper box, Johnny Fischer against Dave Allen, May the 17th, right on the doorstep of Ley Buzz. We shifting some or the last remaining tickets left for that one. And um yeah, and I think now moving up towards eight rounds and moving into Southern Area English eliminators and and English title fights towards the end of the year. Outstanding young talent. He's got to believe in himself and realize how strong he is and how hard he's punching for such a young man. Final one to you then. As Elli just said there, a nice local one in East London. Going to be lively in the copper box on May 17th. Yeah, 100%. We're going to sell loads of tickets and we're going to get another big stoppage like that. Great stuff, Lily Butterg. Congratulations. 8 and0. Well done. Good performance. Yes, Jamie.