Kind: captions Language: en And he is only 24. We'll see. Certainly fancies this. And now entering the arena from York, England, please welcome the undefeated, hard-hitting Leo Atang. Well, AJ got the job done in Miami. And Eddie Hearn thinks there's many similarities with the marketable 18-year-old from Yorkshire. Very amiable guy, cool and calm. Leo Atang makes his African debut. Denzel Bentley, a pleasure to see you along ringside. Um great to have you here. You enjoying the week? And I guess you've seen a lot of Leo around the the parts of Accra. Yeah, yeah. I mean, we're enjoying it here, you know, we've been here about a week. Leo's been here about a week, also. Maybe coming a bit earlier, but he's been around the hotel, you know, he's been all smiles. I'm sure he's had weights off to make weight, so, you know, they're not they're not really too groggy and stuff, but he's been enjoying it. He's been thriving even in the press conference. He was letting them know that I'm coming to hurt you. But I do like the mindset of Youssef. He hasn't lost before, and [music] he was letting Leo Atang know, "You're a kid, and I'm going to let you know you're a kid." So, that's giving Leo something to really [music] get up for, you know, "All right, cool. Let's really do this." Ladies and gentlemen, from Accra, Ghana, live on DAZN, we're set to go with our next bout of the evening. And it's all being brought to you courtesy of Mr. Eddie Hearn of Matchroom Boxing, Legacy Sports, and 258 Boxing. Introducing your third man in the ring after sound of the bell, referee Nii Kwate Kotey. And now, ladies and gentlemen, four rounds of boxing scheduled in the heavyweight division. Introducing first, fighting out of the blue corner, he wears gold with pink trim. He scaled 231 and 1/2 lb. His professional record thus far perfect, three fights, three victories, with one of them coming by way of knockout. He fights out of Kampala, Uganda. Please welcome Babu Youssef. And his opponent across the ring fighting out of the red corner. He wears black with red, gold, and green trim. Official weight 234.9 lb. His young professional record also perfect, two fights, two victories, and both of those victories came by way of knockout. Fighting out of York, England, here is the young, undefeated, hard-hitting Leo Atang. Okay, guys, you know the rules. Protect yourself at all times. You'll be at my command. You fight hard, fight clean. Touch gloves. Good luck. Third outing for the white, hot prospect from Britain, Leo Atang, who's made quick work of his first couple of professional opponents. How will he get on against Babu Youssef? Full name Youssef Hassanali Babu Abdul Samed from Kampala, the Rolling Tiger. Had a couple of years out of the sport, but he's come back with a win. He's undefeated in three, Atang in two. What happens when the big boys go to work, Darren? Look at the balance on Atang. He's so good that the base is so solid. He's got a lovely jab. He's always fainting. He never exaggerates the movement, either. When he takes his feet out of range, it's only half a step. And when he makes the opponent miss, he'll fire back. Once he's found his range and timing, they're hurtful, shots very, very sharp and accurate. &gt;&gt; He's got some Ghanaian colors down the side of his black trunks, the pink and gold of Babu Youssef. Atang has really caught the eye early on. Not just in the ring, but out of the ring, Denzel. And and that's really important for a young pro. Yeah, well, definitely. I mean, he's he's really well schooled. He's nice and balanced. I mean, like you said, the the trims he's paying homage to the country he's competing in, and he's probably trying to build a fan base here, but I mean, it's a good experience for him for him to box at this level. Oh, good shots. Yep, short right hand. Just made Youssef think. And another one coming in. He's a body puncher, too, Atang. And when he gets his man hurt, he's normally pretty predatory. Atang looking balanced, as you said, Darren. Left hook, and there's the body work that we've seen before. It's all too much this for Babu Youssef. He's going to get taken out inside a minute and a half. Done and dusted. Leo Atang, three out of three, completes Babu Youssef, but he loses his unbeaten record. And Atang makes sure on African soil he lit up a couple of nights in Britain at the back end of 2025 and now he's finished it with a stamp of authority and he is going to be something special. Watch out for him. Leo Utang the name. Badou Jack blown away. He's furious with the stoppage and himself but he had no answer. He didn't. He didn't. Leo Utang caught him with a lovely left hook and then that's the way he went straight to the body. Instead of head hunting, he went to the body and went back upstairs and it just opened up Badou Jack and he couldn't take anymore. I think that's the right call from the referee. Look at this. The dance from Leo. He's such a lovely guy out of the ring. A smile that lights up a room and that's so important. We saw how AJ did that after he won Olympic gold in 2012. [music] Leo Utang won the under 19 championships in 2024. Not the same amateur pedigree but a pretty good one. He's only 18 and he's got a maturity on his shoulders and he's banging them all out early. &gt;&gt; course he is. He's the baby faced assassin. He's an absolute monster. He really is. The ease in which he's dispatching his opponents is frightening. Look, they're going to get tougher but he can only beat who's in front of you and Badou, I don't think he can but he can't complain too much about the stoppage. If you're sort of shipping that much punishment and you're not firing back with anything, what do you expect the referee to do? But that was the shot there. He was leaning back and all for love Badou so you stabbed the jab to the body then you look back upstairs. But look at the concentration. He's such a young man. How do you say old head on young shoulders and when he goes through the gears, look at the variation, Denzel. Dropping down to the body as you say. It's class. &gt;&gt; It's class. I mean, as an 18-year-old prospect, you wouldn't expect that sort of, you know, knowledge about, you know, switching switching the shots and he managed to do that and he's pouring a barrage of shots and got Badou out of there. What a time to be a young heavyweight. We have Lawrence Okolie, Tony Yoka on tomorrow night on the zone and a fun-filled 2026 ahead maybe with Fury and AJ. Leo Utang the next generation. Moses Itauma, I bet he was watching as well. Really, really good to see these heavyweights coming through. Utang wins dramatically. Ladies and gentlemen, referee Neeky Kotey calls a halt to this contest. The official time of the stoppage, 1 minute 24 seconds of round number one. Declaring your winner by TKO, he's still undefeated, Leo Utang. He's delighted the Ghanaian fans here. A great corner team as well. Only Sunny Edwards and Eddie Hearn missing tonight but they'll be watching somewhere and they will be impressed, Jamie. Yeah, Leo Utang moves to 3 and 0 then. Another first round knockout. So much to be excited about. So much potential for young Leo Utang. Plenty more action to look forward to here in Accra, Ghana after the