Kind: captions Language: en [Applause] Ladies and gentlemen, good evening and welcome to the SSSE Arena here in Belfast. Tonight, two young Irish fighters in their prime lock horns to determine who will graduate from prospect to contender. Both men are undefeated and both have been on a brutal and bloody collision course. For most people in the world, this is simply a great fight with world title ramifications. But for the Emerald Island, this is much more than a fight. This is a point of pride. [Applause] This is a matchup that's going to see one of these two fight for the IBF Championship of the World. &gt;&gt; Am I going to lose against Paulie Donaldson? Absolutely not. &gt;&gt; What is Lewis Crocker done? Who has he fought? Absolutely nobody on my level. &gt;&gt; I've got under his skin already. &gt;&gt; Lewis Crocker, I'm going to give you the hiding of your life. I'm going to separate the men from the boys. And I'm going to show you what a real Irish fighter is. &gt;&gt; He's nervous. I'm too big, too strong. No one is going to stop me from getting where I want to go. &gt;&gt; I'm the puncher. &gt;&gt; I'm the boxer. Too slick, too skillful, too good. I win this fight by marker. Belfast limmerch. This isn't just a fight for me. This is a point of pride. [Applause] Belfast, this is the moment of truth and there's no turning back. Now entering the arena from Lwick Ireland, the undefeated Patty, the real deal. [Applause] Well, we saw Lewis Crocker there getting ready to make his appearance into the arena. But first up is Patty Donovan and he'll be expecting the hostility having got a foretaste of it at the press conferences in the buildup here to this week and we heard Tony Belleu agonizing over a pick. Many are feeling the same kind of hesitation. We often throw away the line 50/50 fight. This genuinely according to the book makers is 50/50. The odds against the draw are relatively skinny and that is a huge indication as to just how hard it is to split these two. [Applause] Look at that smile. Almost a smirk on the face of Patty Donovan. We saw the trailer a short time ago for Chris Eubank Juliet against Conor Ben and how Chris Eubank senior used to soak up the hostility and use it as fuel. And the booze are now cascading around this arena. But on the face of it at least, Hanny Donovan completely undeterred, completely unaffected on this the biggest night of his career so far. [Applause] And now entering the arena, please welcome the undefeated young man from Belfast, Northern Ireland, Lewis the Cracker. [Music] [Applause] This is Carl Frankton. Tight atmosphere here in this famous arena. in this famous fighting city. And determined to soak it all up and like everyone who's the focus of a cauldron like tonight, he's got to keep his head, keep his game together because so much hangs on this here tonight. Yes, it's a point of pride, but there is a world championship chance at stake for the winner here in Belar. [Applause] [Music] A narrow favorite with some narrow under. It's desperately close. You can tell by canvasing pundits all around the sport. Opinions differ. Joer maybe has faced the better opposition through his career, but tonight both of them facing the best that they've been up against so far. And Crocker, having fought 14 times in this city, has never heard anything like this before. [Music] It's everything we expected. The stage is set here in Belfast. We're almost there. Ladies and gentlemen, good evening and welcome to the soldout SSC Arena here in the fighting city of Belfast. We are live on the zone for the featured bout of the evening. 12 rounds of boxing scheduled for the final eliminator for the IBF welterweight championship of the world. It's all being brought to you courtesy of Mr. Eddie Hearn of Matchroom Moxing in association with Conland Sport. We're sponsored tonight by Bet Fred Everlast Riod season that prize guide Tom victory live and drip. This bout is sanctioned under the opaces of the British Boxing Board of Control. The steward in charge is John Williamson NBE and the International Boxing Federation. The president is Mr. Daryl J. Peoples. The supervisor is Dr. Masabiano Biano. Introducing your three judges. Scoring this contest from ringside, from Luxembourg, Nurman Aravich, from England, Howard Foster, and from Italy, Matteo Monta. And at the sound of the belt, your third man in the ring, Aar referee, Mr. Marcus McDonald. And now, ladies and gentlemen, the stage is set and we are here. This is it. The time has come. I said the time has come for the four corners of the world. There are four corners of this ring right here in Belfast. The fight starts now. Introducing first, fighting out of the blue corner. He wears purple and black. He scaled 10 stones, six lb 7 oz. His professional record absolutely perfect. 20 fights, 20 victories with 11 wins coming by way of knockout. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the reigning and undefeated WBA international champion, proudly fighting out of his home of Belfast, Northern Ireland, Lewis the Cracker. [Applause] and his opponent across the ring fighting out of the red corner. He wears gold with red and blue trim. He's still ready to stone 6 lb 1 oz. His professional record all so perfect. 14 fights, 14 victories, 11 of them coming by way of knockout. Here is Line, an undefeated WBA welterweight champion, body of Limick Ireland. Here is the real deal, Patty D. [Applause] Le I spoke you both in the dress room not expect professors all time answering any questions let's go to work well Carl Frampton's wife is sat just behind us here at ringside and this noise this atmosphere this cauldron is reviving memories of Carl's greatest nights here Belfast once again is erupting ahead of this eagerly awaited welterweight clash The world championships at stake. We're on the way. Both boxers, both trainers predicting a knockout. Which way will it go? According to all the promises, it simply has to be explosive. Crocker driving onto the front foot in the early exchanges. Donovan almost voluntary going back onto the race. Yeah, I'm expecting a fast start here. certainly from Crocker, but I don't think it'll be long until we start seeing the quick hands of Donovan already moving nicely to centering back to the middle of the ring. But this atmosphere is incredible. Unrivaled. I think that is why it's very important for Crockett just to make an impression here on Donovan. Maybe question is just his bit of his confidence. If if Dan gets into a groove, it's going to be very difficult for Crockett to to knock him out of that. And you know Ty Donovan is a very sharp shooter, but I think Crock has come here and he wants Donovan to have no rest. Good shot landed inside the pocket there for Donovan. But you can tell that Crock is really trying to get Donovan's engine up straight out of the blocks in this first. &gt;&gt; That already looks a very dangerous shot for Donovan. That looping bolo with the left hand almost bending over. He's tucking up, but he's leaving a gap straight through the middle. And these A's gloves, these T's gloves, they're going to hurt. Donovan losing confidence in all these set piece events in the build up to this fight being in C with Joseph Parker who scored that win last week against Martin Boli against Boli's trainer Billy Nelson who's in the opposite corner here tonight. So defensive not giving any sort of target the hit clean just punches there through the gap of Donovan's defense. I think he's staying a bit close here. I think doing a good job at making Donovan not want to open up the ring not use his footwork. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And this would be in the plan of Crocker, wouldn't it? You know, he may know that he may lose some of the early rounds, but it's about putting a dent physically into Donovan. It's down to the limmerick man then to be smart as you say. So suddenly, look for the shots, try and take the space away from Crocker. Fire back with a quick counters. But that turn, that's what he needs to do. That come through. Keep turning in, turning in all the time. You can see is not really trying to land with any big power here. He's just trying to find the target. Different shots, different looks. He's not loaded off of anything yet. And just listen to this atmosphere with very little in terms of significant punches landed in the opening round. Still the crowd going for a good finish to the round for Cro there. Some really nice work. [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] &gt;&gt; Manchester April the 5th is what they're saying on the posters. Dillian White against Joe Joyce through the fifth &gt;&gt; here in this cauldron in Belfast. We move into the second round. Patty Donovan just raising his glove at the end of the first round. And I don't know if I completely agree with him there. Thought Cooker did a good job at avoiding a lot of the work from Donovan. There was that good uppercut that landed, but I did favor the work of the Belfast man's first round. I think he's got to be careful here, Donovan. He's sort of pushing Crocker off. You know you're in range when you're doing that. But Crocker, he'll feel that glove and just needs to fire back with the left hook or the right hand. So needs to be a bit more smart with pushing Crocker off and rather him commit to the shot as opposed to just pushing it out there. He had a spot on that and he throws that loop shot. He throws it down and he chops down with that left hook as well. That's better movement there from Donald and that's the idea again. It's always what you do after the punch against someone like Crocker but he's on you all the time. Punch, pivot, punch. I think that's all this has to be. Yeah, he's start doubling up with attacks. Nice to left over. Good work. And some hooks in response from Donovan. He takes a lovely step to his right, Donovan. I like to see him throw the left hand off of that shot. That's comes on. Some nice work inside taking his head off the center, but still no real power, no real load up coming from. Nice right hand to the body there from Donovan, whose intention in these early stages will be along the lines of quietening the crowd here. And even though there's no massive proper but every time is jarring, isn't it? Even if he's not heavy. &gt;&gt; And you can see how now he's dipping his shoulders when he throws the left hook like he just did. He's taking his head off the center coming at kind of off an unorthodox angle when he's coming in. And you can see that Crock is trying to throw that take his head to center. A big left hook to hurt. I think they've both been really well at disguising the heavy shots. They're not loaded up with everything. I think they're both varying the power of the shots. Good pass again though from Crocker. And that's not the first time he's landed that shot. And now Donovan really trying to manipulate the guard of Crocker. He's trying to push his hands out the way and find a shot through the middle. But I'm not sure if that's just leaving him there in front of the target a bit too long. [Applause] He's looking for he needs to be careful leaning I didn't [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Yeah, another good round. Lovely work with the uppercuts from Crocker. I gave him that second round, but &gt;&gt; the work inside was really, really good. &gt;&gt; Like I said in that second round, I don't like the the using &gt;&gt; of the lead hand to push off Crocker. He needs to be careful. And there was a couple of signs there at the end of that where you see the big looping overhand rights from Crocker. &gt;&gt; And with that in mind, Darren, Andy Lee in the corner just warning Donovan about pulling away with his chin in the air. wants him to roll away. More closely guarded. &gt;&gt; And there was definitely some warning signs there from Crocker. Those hooks getting a little bit closer. &gt;&gt; I think Dollish should stay low continuously because even even punching straight, he can punch in that upward angle. That would open up that defense there of uh of Crocker with that shine defense there. The square punches, he's going to block them. If you just come low and punch upwards, it'll open that guy right up for him. &gt;&gt; And he does that, doesn't he? when he moves to his right. But as he does there, he dips. He stay low and it it is difficult to find the target. That was a better shot from Donovan. Response still. [Applause] Some blood in the right eye coming from Crocker there. Looks like the head's coming together a little bit now. That could be rubbing from the inside of the groove there as well. And I think he's going to make it much harder. I think he's done a good job so far avoiding a lot of those uppercuts through a middle copper. That is going to make it a lot harder. That sea of blood coming out his shot to the body and a left hand to the head from Crocker draws a roar from the crowd. Every success of Crocker greeted with a rapidity from this crowd. for Donovan to this stage more than holding his own half stage. Just the senseless beginning to really come to life. I knew D couldn't run if he started to get on his too much and Crocker would have run him down, but he's held his feet more than I thought he would have. Nice hand as well from Crocker there to reset his feet on the Yeah, the movement like I say to the right hand side of Donovan's really, really good. I like to see Crocker who has lots of blood string down the face out just gamble with that left hook a little bit more but he's walking onto the shot &gt;&gt; all the time Donovan that cut on the right there looks like on the inside of the eye as well so that's going to make it potentially worse inside the eye and how important are these early rounds now they were cut I didn't see if they was said that it was done by clash of head You can only imagine. So, a cut of that magnitude. And that blood is beginning to flow freely now in the last half a minute. And we're only into round three. I like to see both men work the uppercuts after the body shots. Yes, they're working well, aren't they? Around the the elbows. They're getting the reaction. That's where you slide the cuts through. [Music] [Applause] Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Good work with the lead hand there from Cook over straight comes back done and I think that's the pattern right now that we are really seeing in this fight. I don't know if the cup's going to cause any more problems going forward, but the head's coming together an awful lot in those first few rounds. I think Donovan's definitely finding some good work, but Crocker may be a bit heavier, but that part is definitely going to have to be looked at. &gt;&gt; Carter 10 seconds. [Music] &gt;&gt; And that cut according to Marcus McDonald &gt;&gt; was caused by a punch. Well, that's the ruling of the referee Marcus McDonald who's been around motioning not only to the three judges but to both corners as well. The damage on the right side of the face around the right eye of Lewis Crocker caused by a punch and that really changes things for Crocker because if this fight does get stopped on the C then it will be a punch that caused that he won't be a victorious man to the score. And also they just might change the game. Maybe just rush to work a little bit more than he wanted to potentially. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Donovan just got warned about using the head down. I think maybe Crocker's coming in with his head if I'm honest. He's leaning right over that front foot. You see again there he's there first is he producer as well. Heat. [Applause] I really do think it one half the other. I think they're both resetting constantly and bringing their heads over their front foot to be close together from Donovan there. He almost is the last warning for [Applause] so in danger of having a point deducted if he continues to transgress with the use of the head. tremendous cleanest shot of the fight so far halfway stage of round four. See, I think it helps him because I think keeping that maintain that distance he did a few seconds ago gives him a chance to get his shots off better. I think he's getting too close to the target at times. [Applause] Yeah, there's a swing on the left eye and these cuts could end up being a really really big factor in this fight. is smiling and just think he's let me get close so I can fill that right hand again. [Applause] Huge ahead again from Donovan on the inside and also a beautiful effort there from Donovan with the left hand and he's really to the left. Maybe he can double up with the shot completely square to find the target inside range. He's just met moving to the right. I think Crock has got a big deal of confidence in his engine when it goes up through the through the gears against Donovan. I think the plan is to get working hard for when he starts really starts [Music] [Applause] coming from the gear as well. There's that smear there from the glove. Let's get the birdie then for the first time in this contest from our panel here at ringside. Okay, what an atmosphere here ringside. Connor Walker, four rounds. How are you seeing it so far? &gt;&gt; I'm going to go with Paddyy. He's just taking the lead for me. He's he's found his rhythm and he's busting Cocker's face up there. Um yeah, I think he's found the rhythm from the from the off and I think Crocker got land. &gt;&gt; Josh Pley, you've had a smile on your face since you got here tonight. How are you seeing it through four rounds? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I've got Patty Patty up three rounds. Obviously Crocker one round. I think he's just doing the smarter tier working there. &gt;&gt; Finally to you, the wrong football. You know a thing or two about a good atmosphere. This is special. How have you got him? &gt;&gt; Great atmosphere. I've got a petty two or three up as well. And I think that last round was quite a decisive round. He's really got to put it back in this next one. Change the momentum a bit. &gt;&gt; Okay, here we go. Four down, eight to go. &gt;&gt; Round five. And once again, while we were away with the panel, Marcus McDonald motioning to the three judges that that damage now between or beneath the left eye of Luis Cocker was also caused by a punch. And it almost seems crazy that Donovan is already by the fifth round on his last warning with a clash of heads. There's two cuts on his opponent. Both of them are punching. This way this problem he's start moving his head off swaying his pendulum side to side trying to get done look. Yeah, I really feel that left hook there but he's moving to his right every single time and he moves lovely to that right hand side. You just need to throw that left hook. It doesn't always have to be to the head. to the arm to the body the land and it was just a clipping that from Crocker before that exchange justify that maybe there is that opening and I think anyone has watched any of Crocker's fights before this know that he's not letting these punches go with full velocity and full power right now still through the fifth round he's touching the target he's finding his range but I'm not sure if he's just getting out worked here outclassed a little bit at times in these exchanges and that's the lift that was talking about. But again, Donovan absolutely unruffled and come straight back. Took him very well. See, there's a distance here. But the D when he's when he's a little under the harvest step back, he's controlling it. When it gets close, even if you have a success, if you feel it gives an opportunity to land that left doing a good job making sure he's not back [Applause] [Music] to the body to the body. Now this is starting to really stuck up the kind of fight that we were expecting. The kind of fight we were hoping for. He's starting to loop and punch down that left. I think that left and head still coming in punches. That was a stunning left from Dan just picking the shot. He just [Applause] [Music] [Applause] heavy holds his feet and it's a nice punch by hand. What a brilliant fight. Fantastic. Seriously already living up to the billing, the anticipation for this fight. I've been excited for a long time to come and work this fight. Closing seconds of the round. [Applause] [Music] Well, they've seen so many tremendous riders in these parts and we're watching two building through hoping for a world championship contest after this here tonight. Yeah, he landed some really good left hooks early in the round, Dick Crocker, but I think throughout the majority of that round, certainly the last couple of minutes, it was really good boxing from Giver. Picking the shot well, good variation, landing some nice left hand corners. Really little bit of class as well. Made him miss, showed everyone and then landed a nice body shot and controlled the end of the round there. Second take, round six. &gt;&gt; Well, we saw in those slow motion replays the desire, the determination of both of these. There is so much at stake here tonight and it's much more than a show at the IBF welterweight title. They want to be remembered as the night that they won this particular contest that's been so eagerly awaited for so long across the whole island of Ireland. What is quite the last two rounds were easier were the easiest to score and they were both for Donovan and is he getting in his groove now still there but he's just being on hustle a little bit of times and certainly the classier shots are coming from Dan probably his head now yeah I think he needs a bit more v variation in defense like you say he's got nice high guard but he's starting to read this now he's starting to pick the shots Patty Dan see that jab that left hook been calling for come out from the tempo. I feel like he's going success when he is looking down enough to hit the head. You saw those scores flashing through the front of the screen now. All three of our padding into this sector and we're now virtually at the halfway stage. See, and there's a gap between them. Can you see it? And that's just, you know, in his head there, but that gap's allowing his goal. I tell you what, I mean there is many there for every one of them and hold his ground as much as he is and push him properly back. This is good signs for the breaking concentration because I tend to do [Music] [Applause] [Music] furiously turning looking for help from the referee a few moments ago. And now Marcus McDonald taking a point from Donovan. How important will that point deduction be if this goes all the way? Who knows? And he's got to be really careful because he's the one that he's usually taken the little adjustment back where he's been coming over his head. Looks like he's being [Music] target. [Music] [Applause] It's becoming more trouble. He's looking very physically strong. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Clearly use of the elbow there from Patty Donovan. And that's the complaint from Luis Crocker. [Music] &gt;&gt; Oh yeah, that's a shot that Crocker has had success with. [Music] On that occasion, the referee allowed them to continue, but then finally decided 10 seconds from Patty Donovan. [Applause] Second place, round seven. &gt;&gt; So we move into the second half of the contest. Patty Donovan with a point deducted but at times looking so confident, so brilliant with a real spring in his step. Joe just watching the feet there. You see just took that that front and took it right behind the corner just on the outside. But if you think you're in Donovan's corner right now, you're being really the easiest way you were saying earlier fight your territory rather than keep getting close. Of course, you would be more disciplined and gives him a bad opportunity and also proper miss. And this is where he needs to bury the defense coming forward proper. He's just far too predictable. His hands are high. He's taking a lot on the gloves, but he needs to slip and slide and roll and come back with counters. I think he needs to increase the tempo as well. Don't worry about landing. Just one heavy shot. Let's try and attack and go again. Finish with a heavy shot at the end of the round. Yeah. Heat. [Applause] And here we stand off from the referee there for Patty Donovan. So an element of controversy now feeding into this contest. Halfway stage of round seven. That's bareful razor [Music] [Applause] to swivel and put himself in that position. And he made Crocker mission [Applause] left to the body from Donovan [Applause] there from the shot. He needs to double up that left hook as well. He landed with that second shot from it again. You're there. [Applause] He's got walking down and he's trying to set you up. Beautiful. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] here. That's the perfect word for it, Mike. He really is in his groove. Yeah. Blood reappearing on the left cheekbone of Crocker to add to his issues. [Applause] See that left hook over the top. It's unable there for Crocker. He just knocked the throat at the minute. &gt;&gt; I'm not sure if there isn't a swelling on the right side of the face of Cropper as well around by the jawbone. [Music] [Applause] Donovan with a little just a half a punch at the end of the round as &gt;&gt; they get to work against Jer on that cut beneath the left eye. [Music] [Applause] And you can see over and over again the heads coming together. I really don't think as well as Patty Donovan has been boxing. I think he has to be a lot more conscious now in these next few rounds because he could really start chipping into his lead and he doesn't need to do that. You'd think &gt;&gt; intentionally or unintentionally, it's usually him causing the act. So that know &gt;&gt; and I think even if it's not intentional I think he's doing it so often that he's definitely at fault. &gt;&gt; Oh no I think he's a from set in that position you know heads down and and it's it's it's Donovan coming into him but still when he didn't do that he radiant. &gt;&gt; So the repair world done on the left cheekbone of Lewis Crocker as we head now into round eight. this 12 rounds eliminated for the IBF welterweight title and who knows with the movements of Jarenis this could well lead to a shot at the vacant title at some stage in the near future. You've got to give Crockett his credit though. He's had a cut early on his right side, a cut underneath his eye very early on the left, a swing on his cheek and looks as well and he's still pushed forward. He's still trying to make a dent here on Patty Donovan whose box absolutely superb. And who would have thought that the power shots thrown more from Patty Donovan in this fight so far? But that was something that Andy Lee was saying in the buildup. But this is not just about the power puncher. Patty's got power too. And Cro's got boxing ability too. That was good from Crocker. He got ty did the right thing. He pivoted off and then Crocker jumped on him before he escaped fully. And you can see the difference of the effort in the punches from the crocodile. And I think as each round starts getting longer and keep creeping on, he's going to have to start taking safety off and really start trying to hurt Patty D. You expose yourself. I think that's his way at the minute. It's just been a little one-dimensional from Crock. He needs to change up the attacks here. The way he's standing so quite static in front of he's constantly pushing out the shots. I think that's where danger is standing and just trying to close the gap and stay as close as possible. [Music] [Applause] Three shots landed from Crocker in that exchange, but Dan continues to back himself at close range. Just a little bit more too much too much target. He's always looking for a big heavy lift when he squares his feet. [Music] And this is a danger zone. [Applause] He's got to be so so careful. You can see the state's face. You can see the start getting worse and worse each time these elbows and heads are coming together in danger. [Applause] He has to stop following the hands when he pushes the head just [Applause] every single time. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Heat. [Music] [Applause] down again. How will the referee rail this now? They're celebrating in the Donovan corner. But what will Marcus McDonald will reveal this? Clearly a punch thrown after the bell. He's coming. [Music] He has disqualified controversy here. I think the can't believe that they won. Now suddenly there's realization fury in the corner. They were convinced that they won. Marcus has decided in the end after two deductions for use of the head. Then takes one away for punching after the bell. Andy Lee demonstrating Donovan absolutely distraught. You can see the sheer anguish, the pain in Donovan right now. And it's really really sad to see especially after he's performing so well. But we were talking about it the whole way through the elbows the heads and it was like he was the one that was initiating a lot of the fouls and that to me was a late shot but if it was isolated I don't think he's getting disqualified. I think probably time he'd already had two warners and it was on his last one. Devil's advocate. Did he not did he not hear the bell? &gt;&gt; I heard the cauldron. &gt;&gt; We've got sound effects microphones. The boxes have them. Yeah, &gt;&gt; but but the problem is if the referee's wear the bell, &gt;&gt; he has to he has to call it. He has to call it. [Music] And that after for a fleeting moment he thought he'd done enough. He thought that he produced what he said he would on the biggest night of his life only to be told he was being thrown out. Look, he's absolutely devastated rightly so. He was boxing really, really well. Yes, the heads did come together. Yes, there was a shot after the bell, but you're right, Mike. It is so loud in here. Let's see now exchanging shots as a window down. That was very late. Very, very light. &gt;&gt; Really, really late. &gt;&gt; Clearly heard the sound of the bell. And whether he hears it or not, and I hope he didn't. I hope he did. actually going to be doing. I feel good for the kids. But either way, like the referee hears it and it is after the bell. You got a corner doesn't &gt;&gt; He's heading back. He throws the shot and starts heading back straight away. He heard that bell 100%. There's no way that shot came out of his shoulder and he did not hear the bell. He was turning after he threw it. &gt;&gt; If if the punch was on his way on the arm, then you can understand. But it wasn't. He heard the bell and still went for it. &gt;&gt; But what a fight and one up we need to see again. &gt;&gt; It has to happen again. And imagine the buildup to the rematch with all of this controversy. &gt;&gt; And look at the eye. Look at the damage that was getting done over those rounds from Crocker. And I didn't see the punches that it was supposedly causing them. I didn't see that. &gt;&gt; I I think that's to do with when he has the gloves around his face. The inside of the glove when you're punching the the glove actually. Yeah. The inside of your hand is almost making that damage for you. I said the way was swinging blinds at the start of that round was fantastic. But it was also you just thought once Donovan fix him on the chin, he's done. But he's he's listening to throwing blinds. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he was moving the feet well, wasn't he? &gt;&gt; The courage, the heart &gt;&gt; to try and land something big from Crocker was so I would say something though. Crocker wasn't walking. Crocker didn't hear the bell. I I don't think either cuz like unaware he was trying to defend himself, &gt;&gt; but it was after the bell. You have you can't argue or dispute that. [Music] And this is the dramatic moment as Marcus McDonald breaks the news and initially Donovan. &gt;&gt; Well, he looks confused there but goes away to celebrate before being told that he's been thrown out. Well, of all the endings, of all the predictions, this is one that no one was prepared to offer. And really, it just sets the stage for the rematch. But Crocker rightly has his shot at the IBF title, &gt;&gt; so he will want to go his way. What I will say, if this fight happens again, and it should happen again, ironically, I feel Patty Donovan will go into the fight with a lot more confidence. He boxed really well. He hurt Crocker. He needs to tidy up with a lot of the foul play that I don't think was intentional, but nonetheless, he was leading with the head and it did happen. It was just more he was just trying to flow in his work, but if he was holding his hand out, if he was coming in with his head, if he was putting in his elbow, he didn't really care that and over the rounds he was on his final wood and on for the third fourth round and I think that he thought cuz so physically strong he thought that he had to show Crocker I'm as strong as you I'm as heavy handed as you and you can't believe me and he's so big at time well you may have heard only Bruce there but I looked around as we were looking at Patty Donovan being held aloft there and there was a lot of applause as well he played his part in a fight that was really developing [Music] Still heard there from Eddie Hern. But coming up next, Saturday, April the 12th, the man who holds this IBF title, but tonight they were fighting in an eliminator for it's a unification showdown between Jaris and Atlantis Stanus. WBA IBF welterweight titles at state Saturday, April the 12th. And still Patty Donovan trying to control the emotions. There have been tears of plenty since he was described by summer by referee Marcus McDonald after two warnings. the use of the head didn't get warned for that use of the elbow that we saw on those slow motion replays and then th out for punching after the [Music] so a heady night here in Belfast. Another story to tell about a Belfast fight night. A very different story to tell. Not the one that we were expecting, but in this game you never never know. [Music] [Applause] Ladies and gentlemen, at the end of round number eight, referee Howard Foster disqualifies Patty Donovan for a hit after the bell, declaring a winner by disqualification. He's still undefeated from Bel. Lewis the crab cracker. Well, the crowd here have got what they wanted in terms of the winner, Lewis Crocker, who was serenated in the rockest fashion on the way to the ring. But this isn't the way that many expected it. Many would have wanted it to finish. And surely we've got to see this again. But for now it's Lewis Crocker who walks away with the spoils. This man walks away with the tears. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Okay, loads to unpack there. The first thing um just to correct David Demani, it wasn't Howard Foster in the ring. It is Marcus McDonald &gt;&gt; in the ring. Marcus McDonald is the one that disqualified Patty Donovan. I mean, there's loads to get to here. We are going to hear from both fighters. I can see Jamie Ward in the ring just in front of us. Correct decision or not to disqualify Patty Donovan very quickly first. No. So straight away Marcus Macdonald when he hears that clock go the boys in an exchange at 10 seconds to go. When the fighting exchange the referee has to be so close and he's not close enough basically a fighter want to get the last word and it's it's a it's it's half a second that he throws a punch and it lands after it is late Tony. I agree it is idea to punch land after the belt but to disqualify someone under that you'd be getting someone disqualified every fight if that was the case. You can't just throw it in. He acted harshly and I feel for the head clashes from the very get- go. They were both at it. That's what it that's what it appeared to be as well. More reaction from Tony Betty. Jamie Ward is going to try and make sense of this for both fighters in the ring. Jamie. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Okay, let's try and grab a word with both guys in the ring here. Lewis will come to you first. You're still undefeated. Not the way, I'm sure, that you wanted the fight to end tonight. Can you try and put into words what's going through your mind right now in this ring? Look, that's not the way I want to win a fight. Anybody? But I heard the bell and I can't see cuz I'm getting hit with the head all night and that I dropped my hands and that's what caused a knockdown. But I just want to say everyone in Belfast, thank you so much for all the love. Our plan was to work in the second half of the fight. And uh you know as I say like I can't see from this eye. I was repeatedly hit by the head and I got hit by an elbow one days that was wasn't caught. But that's not the way I'd want to win a fight you know but I I heard the bell I dropped my hands and cuz I couldn't see from the head watch previous and then I got a punch came out of nowhere after the bell. But again Belfast the my heart is full of love for all you. So it is like proper. Thank you everyone for coming out the support. Thank you. It means a lot. How did you assess the challenge of this man Patty Donovan and your own performance up until what happened happened? &gt;&gt; Look, it was turned into a great fight. I always say Patty Potty was a great fighter. Um it's it's it's unfortunate that the fight ended like that. As I say, um obviously I didn't want the fight to end like that and certainly certainly Potty didn't either. And we're hoping to work on the second part of the fight and come into it. Um but it's just a shame the way it happened. But as I say, I heard the bell, I dropped my hands and I couldn't see. So &gt;&gt; it will be one ultimately for Eddie Hearn and I guess the IBF to decide as well. But if it was up to you, do you think we could see that again? &gt;&gt; Look, it's too early to say right now. Do you know what I mean? There's too much going through my head right now. Um, so I'll leave that. But again, Belfast, thank you for all the love. You are like one of a kind. &gt;&gt; Let's bring in Patty Donovan. Paddyy, I just asked the same thing to Lewis. Just take a breath and take a moment. Can you tell us what's going through your mind right now? Certainly not the way you wanted this fight to end. &gt;&gt; Listen to the crowd. The crowd can tell you. I won the fight. I was winning every single round. I dropped Lewis. I beat him up and I was getting the knockout. The crowd is roious in here. They said hit him after a bell, but I thought I hit him on the bell. You can see Lewis was a beaten man and I won the fight fair and square. And the ref took my dreams away tonight. &gt;&gt; What is your version of events, Patty, of what happened right at the end there? Look, you can see I don't have to speak. All the viewers know exactly what happened. I won the fight. I won every round and I knocked loose Crocker out. I said I was going to come to Belfast and I did exactly that. I knocked him out and I should have got the fight. We're going to repeal the decision and we want an automatic rematch right on the spot. &gt;&gt; Let's bring in former world champion trainer Andy Lee. Andy, your verdict. What did you make of the drama there? &gt;&gt; I thought it was a fantastic fight. Um, both boys did really well. Patty was just just the class above as we said in the buildup. Um, it's it's drama, isn't it? It's a big drama show. I thought, listen, the both were going in with the heads. They both were going with the heads. The the the cuts were caused by punches. The referee knew that. Um, it's disappointing for this man, but it's only it's not even a bump in the road. It's not even as People saw what happened. He boxed unbelievably. I'm so proud of him. And there's bigger things for him, you know. There's bigger things for him. He's going to be world champion on this day. Thank you, Belfast. Thank you for the support for Patty. Thank you for the support for team Leo. We'll see you soon. &gt;&gt; You got a message you want to leave as well in this ring, Patty, tonight. &gt;&gt; Sorry. &gt;&gt; Have you got a message you want to leave in this ring tonight? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Thanks to all the fans that came that traveled all around Ireland. I love you all and I'll be back. I want the rematch. I want the IBF to rule this decision and give me another mira. And I'll fight Lewis and I'll beat him again. &gt;&gt; Batty, keep your shin up, my friend. Let's bring in promoter Eddie Herm. Andy Lee, thanks to you as well. Well Eddie, the atmosphere incredible. The ending to the fight, as I keep saying, not what was expected, not what was wanted. What's going through your mind? &gt;&gt; No, you never want a fight to finish like that. You know, the fight was a a good fight. Patty Donovan was controlling the fight. The points were making it interesting. You know, you really feel like Crocker had to force the fight for the last few rounds. And Paddyy was sensational. The shot was after the belt. Um, did it warrant an instant disqualification? Are you tallying up the headbutts as well during the fight? You know, for me, I've got to be honest with you, I want to see it again. You know, I think um Lewis Crocker is in a position now he's mandatory for the world title. I'm sure those guys will appeal to the IBF. Lewis Crocker doesn't have to do anything. He can sit there for a shot at the world title, but the reality is there's going to be a lot of people wanting to see this fight again. There's going to be a lot of people with mixed opinions about what happened in the fight, the disqualification, what might have happened in the last few rounds. We know what controversy does. It builds into massive fights, massive rematches. The rematch of this fight is huge. But will Crocker want it? What will the IBF say? We'll have to see what happens over the next couple of weeks. Honestly, as a promoter for both, I want to see the fight again and I want to see it play out. &gt;&gt; Is that what you will say to them? Like you say, you represent both fights. But Lewis Crocker is now mandatory for the world title. So he's in a position to sit there and fight for the world title. It may be in 5 months. It may not be till the end of the year. So maybe he'll fight in the middle. You know, Andy said to me, obviously there's a procedure with the IBF. You lodge an appeal to get to see if they order the fight again. That's something different as well. But you know, it's difficult in this noise with everything going on. You can land a bell. You can't hear the bell. But Patty Donovan probably made a mistake tonight that could have cost him a shot at a world title because I thought he boxed superbly well and the atmosphere in here was incredible and I wanted to see those last few rounds. But listen, if both boys want to do it again, maybe we'll go outside in the summer and have a big big fight back in Belfast. But for now, Lewis Crocker wins the fight. We'll see what happens with the whole process moving forward and maybe we get to see it again. &gt;&gt; Okay. Well, it would not be boxing would it without a little bit of drama. So so much for the guys to discuss. Back to you