Kind: captions Language: en I have all the skill sets to go on to be an Irish boxing great and prepare for a great fight and I'm not looking past you Lewis. I think I do honestly have the better future in this game than you do. &gt;&gt; Biggest fight in Irish boxing history. I have to be I have to put on the best performance of of my life of my career. Came up against a very good Donovan that made him expect to see him again. Did you hear the bell? Yes or no? Do you really think you deserve this after getting disqualified? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I really do. Um, the way the fight went the last time, I was quite in cruise control through the fight. Uh, the controversial decision in the end and uh, yeah, look, I think this is part of God's plan for me to be here to challenge for this world title. And, uh, as I said, I'm going to seize this opportunity. Did you feel lucky after the disqualification? &gt;&gt; I did. Yeah. Um cuz at that time like my eye was shut. Like you just you had to put me down. Um I was in trouble. So like when I knew what happened, I did. I did. Like I'm not going to say I didn't feel like cuz it did. You know what I mean? I wasn't losing the fight. Um but that's why it was so important for me to to want the rematch. Um cuz that's not the way the fight should have ended uh like my behalf. So um had to make it right. &gt;&gt; What does it mean to you that this rematch is locked in and why? &gt;&gt; It means everything to me uh to become a world champion in Ireland. I think I deserve to be a world champion from the performance the last time and the care that I had and I'm excited to fight you on the 13th of September. What does this moment mean to you? biggest fight in Irish boxing history. Controversy from the last fight. Get to, you know, like settle it this time around. Um, which I always wanted. I agree that you should have got the rematch as well. Delighted to be here. &gt;&gt; Did you hear the bell? Yes or no? &gt;&gt; Probably the most question I've been asked since the fight. Uh, usually they talk about me winning, but this time was, uh, did I hear the bell? No, I never heard the bell. Um, obviously the punch was after the bell. When you look back at it, you can't deny that. But being in that arena that night, that atmosphere, um, was electric. It's, it was hard to hear anything. And you should know that firsthand being in a in a professional boxing ring, everything seems to go silent. Um, intentional definitely not, especially winning the fight. But yeah, the question your the answer to your question I never heard about. [Music] Were you ever any doubts of you taking this fight? &gt;&gt; Never. Um, the next day, uh, when I run Jamie, I says, you know, we'll have to make this this rematch happen. The thought of even fighting anyone else apart from yourself, like it wasn't even a thought in my head, honestly. Um, I think it was it was important that we had to bring it back. What do you think you showed in the first fight? &gt;&gt; Showed a bit of everything really. Great heart, great engine, great boxing skill. Um, coming into the lines then as they might say coming here to Belfast, the crowd probably 70, 30 or 80, 20 to yourself. You could see the aura in me in the walk out and everything was just meant for me and I performed at a very very high level, championship level. &gt;&gt; What does become a world champion mean to you? means everything. That's what you start out to do. That's it's the dream. Um as a kid, you know, it's it's the highest that it can be in the sport. Um especially between me and you, that's the first all Irish fight, which which makes it even bigger. So, means world to me. Um want to go down for history. What made you use your head so much? &gt;&gt; Uh good question. Uh it is what it is. It's a fight was nothing was intentional obviously like winning the fight. so comfortable winning every single round and nothing was intentional. Things happen. It's a fight. It's not like we're going to church. We're getting in and we're going to war and things happen and and that's the way it panned out. Can't change the the past, but we just look forward to the future. What is the rematch a chance for you to prove? &gt;&gt; Prove that I'm a better version of myself than than what I showed last time. um prove that, you know, like I I I should be here and like fighting for the the world title and stuff. I keep saying that's not the the way I wanted to fight the end. So, at least we get to to put it to bed this time. Is this personal to you? It's boxing. It's a war. When I'm in this zone, everything to me is personal. There's a lot on the line becoming a world champion. So, I'd like to be ruthless. Take this opportunity. Why are you proud to be involved in this fight for Ireland? It's history. Um, especially where we're fighting as well. It doesn't doesn't get any bigger. You know, it's going to be exceptional on the night. We put on a great a great show. Uh, last time out the fans were insane for both of us. So, I can only imagine what it's going to be like in September. What does this fight represent in your life and your story? &gt;&gt; From everything that I've been through through family, through depression, through suicide, through the work I've put in since a very, very young age. Um, to be surrounded with fighters growing up along, the work that Andy Lee's put into me and the trust he's put into me since 2019. Um, it means a world to me to become a world champion. &gt;&gt; What do you think of me as a person? Personally, I don't really know you, but I'll give you credit where credit's due. You're a very, very good boxer. How did I compare to what you prepared for? &gt;&gt; I prepared the best way I possibly could. Um, I prepared for the best Lewis Crocker. I still didn't think that Lewis Crocker was on my level. So, the fight planned out much much the way I anticipated to do. Was I your hardest fight to date? &gt;&gt; Definitely. Yeah. Yeah. No doubt. Um, as I said, I give credit to you. Very, very good boxer, but I'm not since amateur day. So, um, and I'm expecting my heart fight again in September. What's the difference between me and you? I think you're you're a good fighter. I just don't think you're um the elite level if I'm going to be honest about it. I think you're you're you are a decent, strong, athletic fighter, but I just think that I have attributes to to push on for bigger and better things when I become this world champion. I think I could fight some of the best fighters in the or I don't I think I'd fit in perfectly with any of the the best welterweights in this planet. &gt;&gt; Are you done with the Hawk? &gt;&gt; I would say 90% of people. Um probably not give me a chance in this fight. Um the last fight was seen to the general public as a 50-50 fight, but not this time. So yeah, I'm maxim. &gt;&gt; I think I could stop you. I think I'm have a feeling I'm going to knock you out in a fight. I think uh my confidence is is raised to another level, especially after the last performance and I usually get better the second time around and uh yeah, as you said, the last fight was classed 50/50. I'm not taking it for granted, but I would be favored in this fight and usually when I have that mindset, it's I'm quite hard to beat, quite hard to get close to. So, yeah, I think I'm I'm going to stop being a fight. &gt;&gt; Got to be better in every aspect. So, we'll do mate. I said that from the start. Um, you know, I have to be prepared for everything here. Um, have to be confident and get the victory. Um, so we'll find out tonight. [Music] &gt;&gt; What's the desence between me and you? &gt;&gt; The difference. &gt;&gt; Is that what that was meant to say? You making an edge out of me?