Kind: captions Language: en Ladies and gentlemen, after 12 rounds of action here in Belfast, we go to the judges scorecards. Reese Carter 111. Patty Donovan, Pablo Cardini, 114, 112, Lewis Crocker. Here we got it. And Matteo Montana scores this contest 114 to 113 for your winner by split decision. And the new IBF welterweight champion of the world from Nland. [Applause] Lewis Crocker is the IBF welterweight champion by the narrowest of margins. It's another split decision on this fabulous night for Irish boxing. And they go for Lewis Crocker. Patty Donovan by four on one of the cards and by two and one on the other. It's Lewis Crocker. Wow. Penny Donovan's in tears again. And for a different reason this time around, but he loses both fights. And Lewis Crocker stays undefeated and is world champion by the skin of his team. &gt;&gt; And I can see it, Adam. I really can. There was a lot of rounds that we was writing off the jab, the jab, just nicking shots, nicking shots. But the biggest shot of so many of the rounds often was Luis Crocker. And when you're looking there for 3 minutes over and over again as a judge, that big shot, that big bit of intent that lands will sway it. And a lot of rounds when you're just sneaky after three or four of those, the other round goes against you is any bit closer. &gt;&gt; The the the the standout rounds certainly were for Crocker there. But for me, Donovan's won that fight. I just think he controlled a lot of the round, albeit nothing spectacular landing, but he was landing. He was doing more. I don't see how there was so many rounds Crocker could have won through what, one or two shots around. I don't believe so. [Applause] [Music] form worldweight champion Jarus Bennis. He held this his other division hometown of Philly to take on who is Lima October the 11th here on the zone. That's after the Dave Allen Knight here. Well, yeah, we thought Patty Donovan picked it, but whether it was by one, two, three rounds, the judges, one added to Donovan, two added to Lewis Crocker, that's what matters. And Lewis Crocker is the world champion. We see a third one, a trilogy. Of course, we win. You've got to feel for Patty Donovan after the second half of that fight. But Lewis Crocker's knockdowns and maybe those fans got him over the line and he's talking to Jamie [Music] &gt;&gt; Lewis Crocker. You are world champion. &gt;&gt; Say it again. &gt;&gt; And the new IBF world welterweight champion. The dream night, the fairy tale night for you has come true. Can you try to put into words exactly what's going through your mind right now? &gt;&gt; Yeah. First of all, I want to thank God. I prayed every day have been for for years to get to this position and everything hung to my life and nobody gave me a chance in this fight. Nobody. And I just want to say all the people who give me stick from the last fight when you write your post tomorrow make sure you write Lewis Crocker one champion. The verdict on the commentary desk Lewis despite the knockdowns was that Patty Donovan had maybe done enough. What do you believe won you the fight tonight through 12 rounds? &gt;&gt; Look, I thought uh I was picking my shots well. You know, a lot of a lot of p or potty shots were I wasn't sitting there this time. I thought I was down the more hurtful shots. Didn't get caught with anything. I had the I had the knockdown obviously picking up a couple rounds and I feel like I was catching him when I wanted to. And I think I boxed a great fight, you know, show people that I can't box and and I showed a different classic. Nobody gave me a shot going into this fight. Everyone think I was going to get stopped. I was the one in trouble tonight. &gt;&gt; Talk us through the game plan, the approach that took everyone in this arena watching around the world on design by surprise. What was the setup with you and Billy for those particularly first four rounds? &gt;&gt; Look, I know I know I can box sometimes. I tried to get stuck in and I thought if I can make him miss what he did and I was making it comfortable and I was I was waiting for him to make mist and countered him and dropped him and he was cautious since then. You know, if if that wasn't the end of the round but he was done. But big big respect to Py. You know, I always say Py's a great veteran. No doubt that he'll be back and and thanks everyone for coming out tonight. He's made my dreams come true tonight. I'm I'm so blessed and grateful. Thank you everyone. &gt;&gt; Now Lewis, we'll ask Eddie Hearn this question in just a moment. But as I say, you are world champion and there huge fights. That's what Eddie said throughout the whole buildup for you now. 147 is stacked. What type of challenge do you now welcome to Windsor Park? &gt;&gt; Look, I think a massive fate for the UK fans is Connor Ben. I have big respect for Conor Ben. I think he's an incredible fitter and if made him go at it, you know, it' be super entertaining for the fans and seen his name mentioned. So, I think I think for the fans point of view, it's a make a fight to make UK Irish ringman. Just hold here, Lewis, because we will give you the final word to the crowd before we'll grab a word though with promoter Eddie Hearn. Eddie, how did you score that from ringside? &gt;&gt; How do you score it? You know, I mean, ultimately the knockdown, the two 108 rounds were massive. Patty won a lot of rounds, but you know, almost at the turn, you felt like he might need the stoppage. You know, Lewis was coasting a little bit. Finished the fight strong in the 12th round as well. I don't know how Patty Donovan got up from that left hand. It was a huge, huge shot. And tonight, Lewis boxed a fight that nobody expected. You know, the first fight, his game plan was all wrong. Tonight, he was cautious, but he was dangerous when he was throwing as well. It was a very, very close fight. Everybody had it all over the place. You look at the judges scorecards, the scores were all over the place. But the fact remains, and the only thing that matters right now is that Belfast have a new world champion in Lewis Bronco. And you know, I said going into this fight as well, they've had some great champions. Carl Frampton, Ryan Bernett, but Lewis Crocker is now world champion at £147. You got Connor Ben, you got Ryan Garcia, you got Roi Romero, you got Devin Haney, you got Tapimo Lopez and Belfast has never really had a mega fight and these are the best fans in the world. The event has been incredible. The city's been incredible. And like I said, tonight, great fight between two great fighters, but tonight belongs to Lewis Crocker, Belfast New World Champion. Lewis, we we'll leave the final word with you then. You're from a stones throw away here from the National Stadium at Windsor Park. The fairy tale night, as I say, how do you even attempt to round this off? &gt;&gt; I I just want to say as well, this belt is everything that it is my parents. My parents got me to where I am right now. Like so grateful, so proud. So, it's my title as much as theirs. Thank you, &gt;&gt; Lewis Crocker and the new world champion. Congratulations to you. Congratulations to Belfast as well.