Kind: captions Language: en One of the domestic fights of the year up at 147 of course Jack Cater being of the elite of the 140 lb division for so long great wins against Regis Prograde Josh Taylor recently disappointment of a razor thin decision against Arnold Barbosza now moved up to 147 to take on the young Harlem Eubank and of course the Eubank stock is on fire right now. This is his chance to to come onto the zone onto Max room and push to that next level. So, it's down to me to push him back down. I'm ready to put in a performance and show the people of Manchester what I'm about. His ego isn't going to be the same after July the 5th. I'm going to show him what the Warrior Code is all about. It's getting recorded. The catalog clone. Elgato. He's like captain of the ship and he's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] late. Stuck in traffic. Well, you can't delay no matter what. Even if it's just a bit of crack, you need absolutely ripping a new [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] So, we just have to go. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hell. Hey, time to call this traffic clutch. Is that is that late? [Music] Wednesday morning. Um 104 to 11. It's a big day today. It's a sparring day. So, uh, Shai's kindly come down, come up from Essics, uh, to do some sparring. Been using him for the last couple of weeks. Great work with him. So, we're going to spar today. Probably get eight rounds out. I'm going to refuel, get a coffee, and then we're in the track this afternoon. So, Wednesday's a big day today. Over 100 rounds for Harlem. So, I know Harlem very well. Started my career with Adam Booth. So, yeah, I know Harlem. And then obviously I got a south ball for my fight. So needed Jack as well. To be honest, he hasn't really asked me much. Um I think he's got a game plan. I think he's focused. Um more like I'm got a suitable style. Like I'm similar to Harlem, so it kind of benefits him, but not really asks me what he needs to do. He's just focused. Right boys, Johnny get everyone out now, please. on the back of beating three former world champions. It's the challenge now of the unbeaten Arnold Barbosa Jr. It was a tricky fight. I didn't lose the fight by a landslide. It was a a real nip and tuck fight. There needed to be more urgency from myself, especially in the later rounds. Thought I was I was nicking the rounds in him there, but that wasn't enough. So, there's no excuses on my side. I'm better than that. For the last couple of fights, it's always been get through this one. Get through this one. We're going to get the world title shot. And it felt like it's been a bit of a slo. Although I'm very grateful to have had these fights, this run of fights. There was a lot of pressure, a lot of people talking about what was coming after Barza. It was frustrating. Nobody wants to lose. I'm very competitive and I've had a great run over these last couple of years. I was kicking myself, but you got to pick yourself up, surround yourself with the right people, but it's down to me now to prove it and go out there and show that I'm a level above that performance. Very good. Shot. He's looking ready already. 7 weeks out. He's looking good. He's looking good. [Music] He's in redemption mode. I've never seen him like this before. He's got like this a mindset I've never seen before cuz he's never been in this position before. He sink or swim. Jack's always dedicated. You'll never see him miss a session. He's always there. He just loves it. Any sort of pain, he's all there for it. You can't take your foot off the gas. You got to remain disciplined. I think some people when they've moved up in weight, they think they can they take their eye off the ball a little bit too much. I want to be at 147 strong, prepared with a good engine, ready to go out there and perform. I'm of sound mind. I understand that backto-back defeats, they ain't good for nobody. You can see a lot of careers go down the pan after backto-back defeats. That being said, that's kind of the motivation to to prepare well and go out there and secure a victory. For me, I came into boxing very late. Started in karate as a kid. Um, done it for 4 years. Won two British titles, got my black belt and starting secondary school at the age of 11. I went into football. Picked it up very quickly and within a year I was uh playing for Brighton Hov Albian. I've always liked to to put myself in an environment where I'm pushing myself to the limit and and achieving. And I found boxing after falling out of love with with football and uh at 18 years of age, walked into the boxing gym and you're getting, you know, you're getting punched in the face and you're trying to figure this out, feeling how hard the sport is, how real it is from the from the jump. You can either shy away from it or you can dedicate yourself to it and and learn how to develop in the art form and and that's what I chose to do. Charlie, you run quite a tight ship in here, don't you? I do until you look coming. You know what I mean? We're not spotty, don't we? Yes, you are, Geese. No, you're on the other side. No, we're not. No, you are. I'm sorry. This is for design. Listen, man's wearing a matchroom top and you think you ain't spies. I don't speak. Huh? You're wearing the match on top. No, my man there wear the match on top. All right, warm up tag. Let's go. What people don't see, they they now seeing Harlem Eubank at a big fight, but what they haven't seen of all the the small hall shows, the fights, you know, leisure centers where he's got to sleep in my van for a same day weigh in, all things like that. It builds resilience. It builds character. I see a a man who has grown into a real fighter because of his strength of character and his mindset. Everyone wants to take out the Eubank. The name has been placed where it is based on the achievements of my uncle and and now my cousin. So I was born, you know, a couple years after all the achievements in the sport and and my uncle had retired. So, it was a beautiful thing to go back and look at what he'd achieved and watch the tapes. I was inspired. I was as inspired, more so inspired than everyone else. He's been there, he's done it. He's taken the shots. He's uh live by the code. You know, he is uh a big motivation for me in the sport and someone that has taken on a huge huge role to to guide me. You know, he's been telling me for years that I'm ready to win a world title. I was always in the deep end. You have to work harder. You have to learn quickly. Nice. I always thought I'll do something else. But if it's in you, it's in you. And this is what I was meant to do. This is the path I was meant to take. The more pressure that's put on me. The more pressure applied, the better I get, the more I deliver. Condition your hands. This is the old school martial arts way. You can hit paper on a wall. You can hit the bricks. Here we've got it's called a marowaki board. So when you start doing this I've always been doing this. [Music] [Applause] There's an 800 m track outside an 800 me is it 400 eight in it 400 is it? No track's 800. So 400 meter track and then last last week we had a really tough session. Jack and Akib got smoked by me but that's fine cuz they know I'm better runner. But this time round we're not doing it as intense. Let's do 100 m and see. I don't I don't like to I don't like to say this story a lot but they know. So when I was on GB, the whole history of like athletes who have been on GB, they have the times done, right? And um 0 to 30 m sprint dash. I've got the fastest time of all time on GB. These ain't smoking me in a sprint. That was 80 kilos, was it? That's all that one. Was it all? All the weights. Yeah. Is that true? Yeah, it is. I'll be honest. and he's not here to defend it. So, I'm not I'm not um Oh, in fact, I'm going to say it. No, no, I'm going to read it. Cons one day Pat Brown nearly died because he nearly choked on his dust. That was his words. I think Pat was born in the wrong era cuz he's got like the caveman going on around him. He should have uh he been catching his stuff, shouldn't he? I'm just around a few people and do you know the 0 to 30 m sprint dash that we used to do on GB? Oh yeah. Yeah. Who's got the fastest time there of all time? Sorry. Say that again. I think you've got it. I've got it. Cheers Connor. That's all I needed. Conor, it's Jamie. Yeah. Is it true? Is it true that you dusted Pat that that much once that he nearly chokes on your dust? one time. Once upon a time [Music] on the running machines, as hard as they are, um the saw machine does a little bit of work for you. Whereas here, they get to run side by side with each other, but they have that competitiveness where they sort of work, you know, going against each other and they end up in like a race and the competitiveness of the fighters comes out. Running is not one of Jack's strengths in all honesty. And when he first came to us, he didn't even run. And as the years have gone on, he's just got better and better at it. And he's made him a better athlete overall. On your marks. No. We're getting all right. Don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] me. Luke's going to set us off. Ready? One minute. No. No. Both your marks. Go. [Music] Okay. Three times. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] know you scar me then. [Music] Eubank's getting it. [Music] My girlfriend drew this, but this is me and uh from a photo of me with my cousin Sebastian after one of my early fights at your call. This is me with my dad. I think this is my first amateur fight. When I first got onto it, first got into the boxing. My dad came to watch me fight for the first time. You know, we've got the IBF International, WBO Global, two two big fights. Got me and my uncle there and some cool shots in the ring with the the Pop Funkos. And uh down below we've got some gloves that I had done, you know, shortly after my cousin passed. and um one of my favorite photos of him down there as well. So, know Seb was one of the the people that believed Seb was one of the the people that really believed in me from the start. So, I have a a t-shirt made and it's got his uh a graffiti image of his face and it's uh always carry that with me in in my dressing room. It's always a strong thing that I have with me um in that setting before I go to war. I like watching the artistry of boxing and you know obviously the greats of the sport. I like to go back and watch and study them but but I don't I don't enjoy watching boxing week to week. How much will you personally watch a chat? I've seen clips and I've seen highlights and seen little bits over the years but yeah that's enough to know um the things he does well. I'm just doing the things that I do well and drilling the things that I'm good at and the things that I'm gonna do to come out on top in this fight. Anyone that I've fought that he's fought, you know, I've got them out of there. You know, you could say he's the same fighter then as he is now. I think I'm still improving. Um I don't think he is. And you know, I think that we've seen his ceiling. We're not close to seeing mine. Welcome to the official launch press conference for a big night of boxing coming your way. Your main event then July 5th live here from the AO Arena in Manchester. The Warrior Co. Jack Catrol versus Harlem Eubank. A domestic dust up. You ain't got no code. It's getting recorded. I'm going to make you say it after the fight. You've never decoded nothing. You're going to be decoded. Didn't decode Barbosa. You're going to be recorded like that. It's a different level. It caught my eye on the on the canvas. the the warrior chord. So, I just let him know at the end of the day, listen, it's going to be decoded and recorded. I don't know. I don't know what he made of it. It was interesting cuz he doesn't usually, you know, try and uh get his little bit across. I think he was a little bit uncomfortable. We're going to push that. I think what you see with Eubank is a a sharp fighter that doesn't fully understand the fundamentals. I think he's going to definitely come to try and prove a point. his backs up against the wall. He hasn't prepared like this before. We're expecting the best version of Jack Catch in I believe Harvey stop Jack Carol. Yeah, I think he's going to come out the blocks fast. I think he's going to be sharp. He's going to be met with big Charlie jabs in his face. He's going to start feeling he's going to retreat. Put it right on him. And I don't think he's going to spy. He is world championship level. I believe that I'm a different level. So, I think he's in for a rude awakening. I believe I'm going to take Jack Catchwell. The fact that he thinks he's going to come up to Manchester and be emphatic and try and knock me out. I think all right, game on. Time to go knuckle down, prepare well, and uh stop all that nonsense he's coming with. It's going to be a huge crowd. It's a tremendous fight. Many see it as a 50/50 fight. It's must win for Jack Catrol. There's levels to this game. I'm going to teach him a few things in there on July 5th. Tune in. It's going to be an explosive performance domination. Eubank supremacy. Eubank supremacy is over. 3 4 5 6 7 8