Kind: captions Language: en We are just a few days away from the highly anticipated card that will take place as mayor and will be broadcast worldwide on our main event features the much anticipated rematch from Mexico's very own Manuel Gallegos and the big step up from Jersey Khil Co. Our co-ain event features Uzbekistan's MJ as he faces Mexico's Luis Castillo. Now today we're setting the stage with press that are also joined by the man who makes these fights happen, the CEO of Matroom Boxing, Frank Smith. Today we're going to talk to the fighters, but before that, let's welcome and give the floor to the CEO of Matroom Boxing, Mr. Frank Smith. Nunz, latestan. He's been on the road. He's been to Tajikstan and now to Japan to go and win the world title. And our next plan will be to bring him back to Mexico and an amazing achievement from him and looking forward to many more nights with him. Um, it's always great to do these events in Mexico. You know, we've been lucky enough over the last five years to probably events in Mexico. And some of the best shows we do. First of all, it's a pleasure to be here. One thing we have to highlight is that we have a new world champion here in Mexico, Shogen Núñez, who is the current champion in his division. He has traveled a lot to achieve his dream. He went to Tajikistan, last night he won the world runner-up title in Japan, and it's a fantastic achievement for him. The idea is to bring him back to Mexico to have more matches, more historic nights here, and being here is always great; it's an honor to be here in Mexico. I think we've been doing fights or shows for about 6 years, some 30, 40 shows here, and we always have a fantastic atmosphere here. Guadalajara support allers work for many years will entertain us too. Thank you Mr. Luis for your support, as well as all our partners here at Boxstars, all the people who make these events possible, and obviously we are going to enjoy a very good night of boxing this Friday. And if you can't come to the venue, make sure you don't miss the fight live on Daón. It's going to be a very entertaining night. Thanks and join by the general of Jalisco, Dr. Luis Fernando Ortega Ramos. We are also here with the general director of Código Jalisco, Dr. Luis Fernando Ortega Ramos, who will also share a few words with us. Thank you very much. Welcome to Guadalajara. Guajara is the capital of Jalisco, the land of the tequila, of Mariachi and dearrería. Guadalajara is a city with tradition but modernity. Guadalajara has a lot of history in sport. The governor Pablo Lemus Navarro and I want to mushroom and box promotion. The truth in hosting this great event is an opportunity for us to showcase our capacity or organizational skills. will host the FIFA World Cup next year and is also an opportunity to improve the Gualahara brand around the world. Thank you very much. Enjoy the next Friday the night of combat. Guajara. First of all, I want to say that it's a pleasure to have you all here. Jalisco obviously has a lot of history. We have a history of mariachis, and of tiquila too. Well, we have a mix of tradition too, but it's also a modern place. We have that mix of both things. Uh, and obviously we have a lot of history when it comes to sports. Oh, and the government welcomes you here. Oh, and to be here we also have to thank Matroom, uh, for hosting this event and we want to demonstrate our ability to organize these kinds of events as well. Obviously we have the World Cup here next year and we also want to improve that record here in Jalisco. So I hope everyone enjoys the fight on Saturday night, Friday night, and hopefully we can have a knockout for all of you. Thank you. Adrian the kitten Curiel. First of all, Adrian, obviously you have a very big night, a big fight on Friday night, but you have experienced those big fights, the fight against Non Shinga, the fight against Sony Edwards. What have you learned from those experiences you've had? Well, the truth is you learn a lot from defeat. Defeat is a hard thing to swallow. Well, I consider myself a sore loser, but we've come well prepared, we're happy to fight again and, why not, go for another world title and return to the big leagues. you know, it's very hard to take. It's a difficult taste uh to swallow, but I'm not a bad loser, you know, but I do feel like I'm really prepared and very happy going into this fight. And why not have that dream of becoming world champion? If you raise your hand on Friday night, what happens next for Curiel the kitten ? Well, we don't like to think ahead, you know, we have a big commitment first that Friday. We have to come out with the victory, and well, I don't know, that's not up to me anymore, it's up to my promoter to see what he has in store for me, whether it's a world title, a qualifying match, I really don't know, we would be working towards whatever he tells us. about Friday, you shouldn't be overlooking opponents and starting to think about the future. So, first we have to deal with the commitment we have on Friday night and then in terms of what's next, that's really down to the people that manage me, my promoters, perhaps a world title, perhaps a final eliminator will be working hard towards those things. But first, the work needs to be done on Friday night. Now, moving on to our super lightweight division, we have Gabriel. Gabriel, welcome. Obviously you had a very difficult, very tough fight against Subriel Matías. What did you learn from the experience of facing that person? How are you ? Good afternoon everyone. First of all, thank God for allowing us to be here. Thank you to all of you who came , who left your busy schedules to come and join us. The promoter, my company too, gives us the opportunity to be part of this great lineup. It was truly a great experience. We saw and we know that we are made to be at those levels. Uh, we fought against one of the best fighters in the super lightweight division for a world title eliminator. That's a very good sign that we're there and we're on our way back to competing in a knockout round and why not a world title, God willing, soon. Hi everyone. First of all, I want to say thank you uh thank you have to thank God for being here. I also want to say thanks to all of you who have taken the time to come and join us here. I also have to thank my promoter uh for allowing me to be here. And in terms of the fight, it was a great experience I had um against, you know, a really great fighter. Um I think I showed as well that I'm made for that level. You know, it was a final eliminator fight and I think we showed that we're ready to be at that level. I think it's a great sign uh the way that we fought in that fight and the fact that we were there and we want to be back again on that path towards a world. Gabriel. What different things will we see from Gabriel Goyas this Friday? We have worked very, very hard, the truth is that I don't underestimate any opponent, I spare no expense in preparing myself. We really learned a lot from the fight with Subriel in Puerto Rico. We've changed several things and we're coming back refreshed, eager, excited to get back on the track and show everything we 've done during this preparation. You know, we've worked really hard throughout this camp. I never underestimate any opponent. You know, we've not cut any corners whatsoever in our preparation. I learned a great deal from that fight with Sub in Puerto Rico and we've modified various things. I think we're coming into this fight with a renewed sense of purpose. I'm anxious. I can't wait to get into the ring and we're willing to show, you know, what we're made of on Friday night. Next up Christian Medina Juan Ramzan. Yes, first of all, Cristian, welcome. We are here in Guadalajara. At home, it's the return home. How excited are you to be fighting in front of your family, your people, everyone here? How are you? Good afternoon to everyone present, thank you very much for attending. Also , thank you very much to the company for the opportunity. I feel very happy and grateful to God first and foremost for the opportunity He is giving us, and even more comfortable with my people who I know will support me. Well, after the last fight, I think everyone left with a good feeling and I felt the affection, and this time when I return to the ring, I hope to feel the same again. And of course, I'm going out there to seek my victory. Thank you. happen. Um, also thanks to God as well, first and foremost. Um, yeah, it's great to be back here. You've felt really comfortable with your people who will be supporting you very much in the way that they did in my last fight. Um, I felt that the fans went away and I went away with a great feeling following that fight and I felt the real love and affection from all my fans there and I hope to feel the same on Friday night and I'll be going out surely to try and get that victory for them. WBO, you're currently ranked number one with the W. Do you feel any added pressure having that ranking and having to prove what you can do on Friday? Of course . Mainly, it's a pressure you have, since you have a double job to prove that you're at that level, but on Friday we're going to show that we're made for the world championship, but first I have to beat a rival who is not easy at all and God willing, the victory will come, we're going for the world title. Of course, I feel that pressure. It's almost like you have to double your work when you go into there. Um, but I want to go in there and show and demonstrate that I'm ready for a world title shot. But firstly, I have to go into the fight against an opponent and it won't be easy at all. And then, God willing, we'll go on to get that fight once we get the victory to go on and get that fight for a world title. Obviously you're a fighter who comes from out of town, you're from Mexico City. Do you feel that added pressure when facing someone who is fighting in their home, or does that responsibility excite you, encourage you more? Good afternoon everyone. I am very happy to be able to face this great rival. We know that Chispa is ranked number one, but for that reason we made a good preparation. I don't feel bad about coming here to your house in front of your people, on the contrary, it's an extra motivation that it gives me to be able to demonstrate my skills against an opponent of the spark's class. really delighted, really happy to be here to have this great opportunity to face a great opponent in Chispa. I know he's number one ranked with the WBO, but also we've had a great count with prepared really well for this fight. Um, and I don't feel uh that I'm nervous going into his backyard. I think it actually uh fuels me a little bit extra going into it to show that I'm able to face an opponent of the class of sparker. Thank you everyone. Thank you all. Now let's take some pictures. [Music] We are joined by our main event fighters Manuel Gallegos and get MJ and MJ Mexico, Guadalajara ready inallah. The question was, MJ, your first time here in Mexico, how excited are you? And the answer is, I'm very happy, and very ready for the fight on Friday. I 'm ready. The question is that obviously your opponent is Mexican, and we know that Mexicans are usually warriors in the ring. And what do you expect from him? And the answer, the part he said in English, because I don't speak USPEC, is that I have a lot of respect for the speaker, but the power of USPEC is coming right now . We didn't see Luis fight all last year. What happened during that time away from the ring, and how did that break or the process help him? Well, I don't think I should ask him that. He hasn't rested at all; he's been sparring the whole time. Well, while he has n't officially boxed, he hasn't stopped boxing. Um he's not been resting. He's not been resting during the period that he's been fighting. He may not have had official fights, but he's still been working hard in the gym and working on his boxing. He is going to face a fighter who was previously a world champion. What does it take , Luis, for you to come out on top and be victorious this Friday? Okay. He says he's not afraid, that he can face it. You obviously faced your opponent Manuel in November and won. This rematch was so important to you to make it clear that you are better. Hello, good afternoon everyone. Thank you so much for being here. Well, first of all, I'm grateful for the opportunity and I 'm thankful. What I want for the rematch is something important for us and for everyone, to make it clear why we're here and also to show what we're made of, and we're going to prove it here this Friday in this fight. So, first of all, I want to say thank you to everyone for being here. Uh, thank you once again for the opportunity. You know, I really wanted uh this rematch because I thought it was important for us to show very clearly uh what we're able to do. So, we're delighted uh that we have this opportunity once again and I believe we're going to show once again what we're made of. Now, the fight is here in Mexico. Um, how does that rematch change things now that you're going to be fighting in front of your people? Obviously the rancidity will take place here in Mexico. How will the circumstances change the fact that you're going to fight here in Mexico? Well, I'm very happy to be fighting here in Mexico. Well, I'm grateful because I feel the support of all my people. I won't be in Sinaloa, but I feel very, very supported by all the people here in Guadalajara. Well, being here in Mexico motivates us even more to raise our hands and put in a lot more effort to show what we're made of. for the opportunity. You know, I'll have my support of my people here. Obviously, it's not taking place in Sinaloa, but I'm sure I'll get that great support from the people of Wala. And we're really motivated to go in and get our hands raised for this fight. And the fact that we have Mexicans behind us means that we'll be giving even more into this fight to go in and get that victory. Now, Khil, you came up short that first fight. What's your mindset going into this fight and why do you believe the outcome will be different this time around? Um, first of all, I want first off I want to say uh thank you to Gegos for even accepting the uh rematch, you know, and giving me the opportunity to win the belt back, you know what I mean? um adjustments in camp. The first question is that you obviously didn't win the fights the last time you faced each other. So what's going to be different? What things have you done differently in preparation for this fight? And the answer is that first I want to thank Manuel Gallegos for giving me this opportunity to win this belt again. Again, we've made some adjustments to the camp. I feel strong, in fact I feel wonderful and ready to show what we're made of this Friday. [Music] And the fact that you're going to fight, the question was, does the fact that you're going to fight in his yard put added pressure on you? And Calil's answer was no. In fact, it excites me more, it gives me, so to speak, more fuel to get going. I've been, I've fought in many different countries, I'm used to it and in fact we are fully prepared to show what we can do this Friday. The question was, do you feel that this fight is a fight you absolutely have to win to continue that trajectory in this division? And the answer was, yes, without a doubt. Uh, obviously Gallegos is an opponent who has a lot of class. Well, if I want to continue on this path, I have to beat the best, and that's what we're going to try to do this Friday. down the end. You know, he gets his opportunity in September to finally fight a um he's waited a long long time for it. Obviously former unified world champion he's worked hard to get back in that position, but on Friday he can't look past his opponent. You know, sometimes it's difficult to get driven when you see what's in the, you know, what you've got coming up in the future. I think for MJ's a, you know, he's a pro as always, and he knows he needs to be focused on Friday in a tough fight and then sets himself up to go and, you know, become undisputed champion against the in Japan just like sugar nun has won and won in Japan uh earlier today. So, looking forward to MJ's fight and then the main event. What a fight. You know, we don't always see this in boxing where fighters jump straight back in there and you have to have respect for both men because it was a great fight the first time round and so often in the sport fights aren't made. You know, Kalil knows he needs to go in there, but Geogos is going to have the confidence for this fight. You know, one thing about Kalil in that first fight, he didn't stop coming. You know, even through the tough moments, he did n't stop coming. Um, and we're in for a treat. You know, the first round of this fight, I'm sure will be like what was the ninth round of that fight last time, but I think both guys will be prepared better than last time and both guys will know what each of them can bring. And we're excited. What a main event to have here. Chief support and all of the other fighters we saw on the card earlier. It's great to be here in Guadalahara and we look forward to Friday. Box prun, we have many stars here on stage. We talked about MJ first. He will have his chance in September to fight, to try to become the undisputed champion in his weight class against Inoe. But first and foremost, he's obviously a former world champion, a former unified champion in his division, but obviously he's not just thinking about this fight. He has a tough test ahead to see if he can win this Friday, and then if he has that chance to win on Friday, he'll have the opportunity against Inue along the way. But it's always difficult to do the work first when you already know you have that opportunity in the future, and then we'll talk about the main event. We know it's a very good fight because sometimes in boxing you don't see a boxer who loses, who wants to have a rematch immediately afterwards. And I think they both know what they have right now . Kalil in that first fight kept looking for the fight. We also know the qualities of Galicians. I think the two of them know each other right now . I think the first round is going to be almost like the ninth round we saw in that first fight. But what can be said is that here we have a very good function. I'm really excited for Friday night to arrive. It's going to be a fantastic night of boxing. Many thanks to all the people of Guadalajara. And please, don't miss it. Friday is going to be a very entertaining night of boxing. Thank you, Frank. Thank you, MJ, Manuel and Luis. [Applause] [Music]