Kind: captions Language: en What defines the Mexican fighter is always connecting with the opponent. When there are two Mexicans in a ring, the least they can expect is a war. Always very positive, knowing that with God's help they will raise their hand that day. It's going to be a fight where I'm not going to give up my title that easily. We know the fight we have ahead of us, we know that it entails that kind of sacrifice. Well, we're in San Juan Silaltepec. This is in Zunpango, in the municipality [music] of Zunpango, in the State of Mexico. In the mornings, and not only in the mornings, we usually do cardio, we go for a run early, we are using between 6:30 and 7 in the morning to do the morning run. We run. Today I ran for about 25 minutes. So I want to make a statement, to say that I am ready for those rivals, I mean, I'm walking at that weight, dude, but before I used to walk at 6 kg, 5 kg above, it's easy. At this point, at this point, yes, with a month, a month and a half left until the fight, with that much left. I lost 10 kg in about a month, a month, 15 days more I lost about 10 kg. Okay, okay, okay. And I lost it with diet, with diet. No, no, not going crazy like before, then. [music] We're at Mon Lemon. This is the third time we've come to run and we've already conquered it. Today we're going to play a little bit of music. Saturday hits rock bottom. I think some of them are about 10 to 12 km, but all uphill. Let's go. commitment to glory to become unified champion without anyone stopping us. These moments I am grateful to God and to life, and also for the patience I have for work, as I have mentioned, and I also enjoy the Navarrete cowboy. When there's good preparation, that's what helps you be mentally strong, right? You know there's support behind it all that will help you in the critical moments of any competition. I didn't usually do that much abdominal work, maybe weight training and all that physical stuff like punching bags, speed bags, mitts , sparring, everything. I like jumping rope, everything, but other than that, I do n't really like physical training. I think it's going to be a pretty tough, very hard, complicated fight, I think, where I think whoever arrives in the best shape or has the best training camp will be the one who gets the best result. I want people to feel that I am a champion who can defend his title, and with a lot of respect, against any opponent. I think people want to see a solid fighter, a solid champion, a fighter who has what it takes to defend that world title, [music] that I still have that grit, that heart, and that drive to defend the world title. It's going to be a fight where I'm not going to give up my title so easily, and I think the titles we're going to fight for deserve it, right? They deserve respect, they deserve the obligation of every fighter to prepare and give their all in the ring. Love Siamo goes through stages. As I mentioned, we are in the intense stage of training, and as the days go by we will be making adjustments with a training camp. I've been very focused on this fight, a world-class fight that has always been my private motivation, but today I feel something different and this fight motivates me a lot . Much in God, brother. Fighting from Jacuara, Sinaloa, Mexico. Eduardo Núñez. I think there are many things to prove in this fight. We know what we are, but today I think we have a great rival in front of us, a great reference point in Mexican boxing, a fighter who, honestly, personally, also has a long career. Well, I think that he's the greatest, and it's also a dream for me that he succeeds, and for everyone, and the challenge is greater, it's a huge challenge, and we 're taking it with all due respect, right? For me, for all the people who trust in me, for my family, for my wife, for my team, and for all the dreams I have. I also have a personal commitment to my brother, and that's what motivates me the most and what keeps me constantly hungry. It's different, but we're still working on it as we go , trying to, well, try to adapt to their style. I think the fight is very even, it's going to be a very tough fight, because whoever wins has to leave at least cut or hurt. always with the mindset of growing, getting ahead, but it's going to be a barrier, it has a long way to go and it's a bit more like getting closer. I 'm preparing for that, to win, and I think Sugar is on the same page as me. So I think that's the perfect combination for an excellent fight. The