Kind: captions Language: en I've asked you to break. You start boxing, take a big step back. Most important, protect yourself all times. That's what gosh. &gt;&gt; Yep. Six rounds in the super bantamweight division. Peter Dudk in with former MMA star Molly meatball man. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Speaking to her Barry, she was frustrating. She was telling me &gt;&gt; when you're in the the MMA game, you're always looking to destroy with every single shot and she wants to sort of settle down a little bit more and show boxing still. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I thought she boxed. Okay, I don't I mean I understand that she wants to get over there and be impressive, but sometimes you have got to take your time and I mean there's there's less options to get the stoppage now. You only got to worry about the hands here. So they can defend a little bit better maybe than they can in in the other discipline possibly. I think she show power already in these two early fights. And &gt;&gt; I think you know that spite that aggression that we were seeing there makes her so excited. It makes people want to buy a ticket and watch Molly Mac. Yeah. And naturally want to get stuck. &gt;&gt; Yeah, of course. It's always going to make her good to watch and certainly make that fast inevitable you would think. &gt;&gt; Yeah. No surprise. That's a nice jab there. Just tipping her legs. She jab upwards with that left hand there. M. Oh, nice left hook from Macan. Forcing Dudek back just miserable. She might have just gra the target with that overhand. Right. &gt;&gt; Clever here Mac cuz she a shot. She's dipping low every time. She's making herself a heart attack, but still throwing the punches over the top here. &gt;&gt; That was good, was it? The right hand. Little step to the right as well. Thinking about the shots coming back. Really, really good first minute and a two minutes and a half, sorry, for Molly Macan. boxing nicely. Sean, there's a bit of everything there. Nice reverse one, two. &gt;&gt; Yeah, but the good thing with that, she tried earlier on, but she didn't quicken up the feet, but then she did. So, even if you miss, you had to hit back. &gt;&gt; And as I say, Dudk, a good opponent here. Not a bad fighter at all, but being forced back, being made to move. She's leaning back under attack. She's got to be careful cuz Will can manage some nice meaty looking left hooks. Really good opening round that from Molly Macy all week. Smile on her face looking to improve all the time. Well, right. She didn't think it through the jab. She didn't think it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, she got a lovely shot. See how she stayed nice and low there and through the left to go over the top. She did it quite often with the right hand as well as the round went on. I think she's got a little bit tall again and I think keep those legs nice and bent and she get a nice combination at the end of round off landed a nice three combination to March to just bring those that right forward and square her feet up. But apart from that a nice good first positive round there. She looked good on debut, didn't she? Against Kate Lomska. She got kicked. &gt;&gt; She got kicked. Of all the people we got going to kick. &gt;&gt; Speaking to her this morning actually said, "What's the what's the goals by the end of the year? She'd like to be fighting for a British title, some sort of title at the end of 2026." &gt;&gt; Right hand there from Dudik. &gt;&gt; Yeah, nice on the back foot. &gt;&gt; And that's good for Macando. Just a reminder not to just, you know, she can't just just jump in and abandon. She's looking a little bit too much for the right hand there. She's got to work behind that jab. The right hand's the weapon for her, but the jab's got to get her close to the target before she explodes with that shot. &gt;&gt; Always feel a little bit as well, didn't it's never going to be the offense, the one that she throws is going to be a problem. It's always going to kind of be working on the defensive skills. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think so. And again, Swishy staying nice and low in the start of the first round is going to be really really good for her, especially her sort of style to to roll forward, keep that head constantly moving. &gt;&gt; Shades of the UFC version of me ball man there. Nice one two from Dudek. I feel that would be her key to success here. Keep it nice and straight. Quite exchanging with Macan. Good footwork from Dudek. Good right hand from Macan the first shot. The second shot just hit with the fingers a little bit but &gt;&gt; again see just not throwing the jab so she's looking for the big shot two left from Macan looking for that right screw shot as well just leaning back on the shot dud taking the sting out of it over hand right there took it well and again I do think just couldn't turn the hand over in time to get the real purge is in the shot. &gt;&gt; It's the right idea. Stay low, punch high. &gt;&gt; Very talented Puerto Rican fighter. Kira Tapia 2024. Lost around Dudek, but a good performance. She showed how tough she is. She's showing us that toughness this evening. Good work on the back foot from Dudek, but the pressure impressive from Mac. Another positive round here. Real meaty shots to start off the round. Good right hand, left hook. But again, when she when she dips those legs and stays nice and low and punches over the top, that's when you see the best in Mac, I feel. Again, again, being over critical, still looking for that big shot there a little bit too often. You got to learn to work way in behind that jab. Just get close. I mean, she has the power and and the tenacity to want to do the work and get the results. But sometimes throwing it up is not too far out. And the jab will just get her close enough to explode with what she has with the good stuff she has. And she showed glimpses of it there in that in that second round. &gt;&gt; The third round we go of the sixth rounder in the super battleweight division. Not next. TMA Eton and Colin Macan and Aton have shared the ring sparring in the build up to this and at the press conference mans out of each other the build up really believes that this is the real deal that kind of that kind of sparring that experience will do the world of good for &gt;&gt; yeah champ so much isn't it? I mean too much of it's no good for you. I mean getting it just before a final in the m in the mist the count is perfect right hook again man &gt;&gt; a few seconds ago man she threw the jab half through it and faint him in the left for the left to go over the top it's a really clever move tell you what though do pops nice on the back foot heavy shots there but when she keeps him nice and straight she triples the shots up she does have success nice one two comes nice left hook Nice &gt;&gt; right to the body as well. &gt;&gt; Physically very strong, isn't she? &gt;&gt; Yeah, she is. Yeah, right over the top. Got to be more disciplined with that lead hand position. Dude, to be taken too many left. Another right hand for man. She's holding on desperately dud. But quality work. The left foot was good with that right hand was right on the button there from Mac. Really good shot. I tell you what, if she can just turn that handle when she throws that big looping right hand, it's not over. &gt;&gt; See the grimace on the face of dude there. She really felt the power there from Mac. AND AGAIN, ANOTHER RIGHT hand slightly moving away from that shot out of it. But this is really good. &gt;&gt; She sucked the confidence out of Dick, can't she? I think in this round. &gt;&gt; Impressive second half of the round this from Macan. And there's some heavy shots. &gt;&gt; Shots. More f more intelligence in the work. Physically very strong. Lots of power. Good work. &gt;&gt; Absolutely brilliant. Listen to me. The only thing you're doing a little bit left early on in the round. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Take a couple of deep breaths for me. When I'm saying don't force it, you never force it when you're in. &gt;&gt; It's a really good round. She had to walk into the round a little bit there, man. I thought, but once she once she got going, &gt;&gt; I mean, that's a love. Look at that little tip at the shoulder there. Throwing that left top, that right hand. See what I mean with the fingers, though. She throws the shot. Just didn't turn her hand over in time to really get the full impact. Dick was lucky there cuz that would have been like so I'm pretty sure. &gt;&gt; And you still see the reaction it had. Anyway, like you say, &gt;&gt; she's for momentum. She pushes off the back leg. A lot of good stuff there from Macan and I think she knows she's made the inrose though to be able to be the boss the way she wants to I think in this in this next round. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think it was a really good reaction as you say. Dude started the round well boxing nice on the back foot but yes she adjusted landed some good shots. Nice work on the back foot again. Bit more sharpness from the work of Dudick there. See, this is where discipline comes in now for Mac cuz she just wants to get to route one, doesn't she? She wants to get to the target straight away. She's got to remember there's been more bit more to it to get close to the target. &gt;&gt; That was a nice left hook. Turn the elbow up. And again, &gt;&gt; it almost was the elbow. &gt;&gt; But again, suffocating the space working. This is good tempo. This really going through the gears, Barry. &gt;&gt; But the rhythm and the work there was fantastic. Just boom, boom, boom. really good stuff. &gt;&gt; It's very subtle as well, but the variation's really good. &gt;&gt; She'll fire the hooks in. &gt;&gt; The nice straight shots, the body shots. &gt;&gt; The constantly moving the shoulders and changing and bending her legs as she changes height is going to be what's going to set her apart here. &gt;&gt; That slightly do that right hand needs to regroup here. Needs to find something. Needs to get behind the jab. That's better. is hold her feet here. Just getting bullied far too easy. &gt;&gt; There you go. Rolling. Just roll into the shot. Nice work. &gt;&gt; She's got that edging speed as well, hasn't she? Man, she just fires back with crisp counters every now and again. Little heads flashing there. &gt;&gt; Change of stance there in Southpaw. &gt;&gt; Firing that left hand over the top. Back to Orthodox now. Again, the pressure just ever so slightly increasing. &gt;&gt; Sloppy shots there from Dudek. &gt;&gt; Yeah, from Egg again looking to load up with that right hand. I mean, that's the shot you want, but again, just disguise a little bit more. Make it quite more more streamlined, more effective. &gt;&gt; Yeah, another good round there for Molly Mac. &gt;&gt; They could fight this. Yeah. Okay. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. Not much in it though. You're in it because you land them more often. Not much on it. All right. I'm always honest or something. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Not don't get in that groove of methodical. But yes, there you go. All right. You are you are doing that and getting success when you don't. Yeah. You you go. I'll have a little go. You got that off. Don't let it have a go. Dip. Twist. Dip. Twist. Yeah. Well, it's going to be more &gt;&gt; in this arena later on the rematch. Bad blood between the two. Lee Wood, Josh Warrington, Pride, Bragging rights, you name it, this rematch has it. &gt;&gt; 7 p.m. The start time live on the zone, your global home of boxing. Back to this one. Two more to go. Molly Macan, Vieta, Dudek. We've seen some really good stuff from Mac. &gt;&gt; I think for this stage of her career, this is the perfect fight because Dud's tough boxes quite well given the opportunity. So, I think Mac won't be happy. She's been hit as she has, but when she explodes in the combinations, she's impressive. She hit the target clean and hard enough to wear people down. &gt;&gt; Break it down for us. What does she need to work on? What are you going back? If you're Molly Macau, what you got what you teaching her in the gym? &gt;&gt; You got to try and get to you got to try and you want to land that shot there. That's the shot you want to LAND EVERY TIME. IT'S HARD TO GET THEM WITHOUT TAKING too many punches and it's moving the head. But it's jabbing even you haven't got a jab to hit. You got to jab to to slow them down to make them think to disguise your shot and but she's done it at times and and constantly moving target before she gets close to explode into a combination. I tell you what though, she's going to be in some really, really good fights. You're going to want to see one on the camera. She brings it. She's for money. Yeah, another good shot. &gt;&gt; I did look at this. I look at Dudek, yes, seven wins, eight losses, but been in some good quality only beaten by fighters who are winning records. As I say, she can move, she can be an aggressor if you if you allow her. Sorry, she didn't go right as you were speaking there, Darren. Lovely shot from just constantly in her face. &gt;&gt; That's made it difficult for D to get her SHOTS OFF. &gt;&gt; It's a good fight cuz they can go back watch the tape here in the Mac camp and then go, listen, look what he did there. But if you would have done this from this angle on what and you can and then you can see it yourself and and it'll give you that that understanding of what you have to do just to get a little bit better. Relentless pressure throughout from Mac as you can imagine certainly feeling the pace and big deep breaths in that corner. Some fantastic fighters have boxed here. Barry Cole Froch. This was his home for a while. &gt;&gt; I know you boxed on the other. I know. I I knew you were setting it up. There's also been some rubbish bugles as well. Don made my debut here. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I know. You told me about 15 times. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, &gt;&gt; good night, wasn't it? &gt;&gt; What working man's club did you make your debut in? &gt;&gt; Oh, look at this. Look at this. Next out of the Phoenix versus the WBO and IBF Super Father Championships of the World. &gt;&gt; Bit of you this Barry. &gt;&gt; Oh man, that's a great Phoenix. Second best fight city on the planet behind Belf behind Belfast. &gt;&gt; The final round. It's been a good out in this for Molly Macan. Vieta Dudek, she made it difficult at times. She's moved. She's poked the shots out. She's also been on the end of some heavy artillery from Macan. The left hooks, the right hands over the top. &gt;&gt; Say never been stopped. Dudek from defats. The pressure constant from Macan. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean I know it's one of my favorite words with pivot. But again, even there when she comes forward here, that's lovely work. She can just learn to change the angle a little bit again as after she lands. &gt;&gt; I mean it almost hit the wall for her totally gives her a second phase of attack. M looks more elusive. &gt;&gt; She started on the sixth round. Mac is this her third sixrounder. She's shown a good tank that's for sure. &gt;&gt; Yeah, she's they're fast track enough. Most most definitely. They really are. Understandable. She's a m she's a magnable name. Exciting to watch. experience in in combat sports, not so much boxing, but in combat sports and was a good amateur. Let's not forget. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm 35 now, so she want to get a rigle on. Yeah, but 35 in the women's game is not the same. I don't think &gt;&gt; the age was better than than people like yourself. &gt;&gt; Nice one there. Nice little combination. &gt;&gt; Yeah, just moving away. Just standing away from the ropes. Like to see Dick do that a bit more in the future. just &gt;&gt; didn't allow a lot of take nothing away from me. She's looked very very strong but it's been quite easy for her to push Dudek back. &gt;&gt; She had a bit of success in this dude under pressure admittedly but she landed some good shots. &gt;&gt; Switching this out for them. &gt;&gt; Yeah, there's been a good art in this left to finish the contest. She was buzzing to to get back in action, look better, and she's just looking at us here at the commentary desk and saying, "Better, better." And it was it was a lot better. Look, &gt;&gt; she's good. She's good. &gt;&gt; She is. She's good. I mean, she won't be happy with anything cuz she was getting a wall. You can just see it. The whole demeanor is Let's have a tail. And maybe that's just from a different discipline, but I mean, there's so much to work with, I think. And so much she can be so much better. She's good enough now that she can be so much better with that natural strength she has and that she's tenacious. She takes a good shot, I think, you know, and she has the ability to do those little bit smarter movers that that I think that we want her to do. And I think and so this is the perfect fight that you'll see all the good things you did, but I think they'd be so much better if you just did this, this, and this. And the camp was sort of saying that in the corner, I think you so I think it's a she's a work in progress, but I think right now she's still a good fight. She's a good fighter. She going to be a hard woman to beat. I tell you that much. And and it's just time to head because she's good to watch. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Ahead of her, Stevie Levy, Katie Healey, Tory, Ellis Willlet, Ellie Helwell, Ty Gallagher, Ramly, Ramler Ali, and then your favorite Ellie Scottney. But we're ready to hear the verdict here. Molly Macan just talking to our photographer, the great Mark Robinson. Let's throw it over to David. Ladies and gentlemen, after six rounds of action here at Nottingham, we go to referee Peter McCormack. Scorecard and read 60- 55 for your winner. She's still undefeated Molly Man. Yeah, Molly Man goes to 3 and0 as a professional and a very good performance against a good opponent in Vieta Dudek, the Hungarian who can move. She can navigate herself. Two wins, but Molly McCann very good there. Very aggressive, very strong. Showed us a lot in her arsenal. Defense certainly improving. A lot of smiles in there. Eddie Herm promoter. The team happy. We've got Charlie Parsons who's going to get a few words from the Victor. Over to you, Charlie. &gt;&gt; Molly Macan, congratulations. Now 3-0, much improved as you said to the commentary at the end there. Talk me through that performance. &gt;&gt; Well, do you know what? I'm a little a little meatball. Who's ready to drop down and wait? I've only been up here cuz TMA must have 118. But I think we're switching that up. So going to drop to 118 and fight people who are actually my side. I was proud of myself that I wasn't just kept at the end of a job. I worked inside. I tried not to take as many steps backwards, catching counters a little bit more. Some shots I know I hurt them, but I'm trying to not be reckless. I know me left hooks were just missing. I was like, for God's sake. But I listened to the coaches the whole way through. I acknowledged it. Listen to the big boss man. Jab, jab, dab, stairs, over the top. And when I did it, I landed. So little steps, baby steps, and ready to get back out there in 8 weeks. God, &gt;&gt; you said to Eddie after your last performance that you were disappointed with yourself. He said you didn't need to be. It's just get back on that wagon. How are you finding the experience so far in the pro game? &gt;&gt; I'm loving it. The UFC was a tough tough road. Matroom feels like home. Boxing feels like home. The team at Matroom make me has let me live me dreams every every other week. So, I'm absolutely buzzing and amazed up to being here with all you the firm. So, thanks for coming out. &gt;&gt; They always do come out in great voice. Promoter Eddie Hearn. Let's bring you in there. What a talent she is and obviously that following already. What is next for the meatball? &gt;&gt; Well, something very, very exciting because one of the reasons we signed her is because of her incredible fan base in Liverpool and &gt;&gt; and then April the 18th, one of the biggest fights in the city for a long time. Callum Smith against David Morurell is going to be completely sold out and Molly McCann will make her Liverpool boxing debut on that card. April 18th against David Morel, Callum Smith. And that's a big night for her, you know, much better tonight. Still a lot to learn. It's a transition to a completely different sport. So, it's going to take more than half a dozen or a dozen rounds to get used to that. But good tricky opponent. Another step up in Liverpool. Only the fourth fight, but it'll be a special night that will, you know, be a packed out M&amp;S arena for for Molly. And she's going to sell a lot of tickets. &gt;&gt; It's been eight years since I've been in the F. I got put asleep. So, I'm ready to put a big performance in. To all the spouses who come and watch Monday, I get the tickets. Get on me. Up the topies. Up the topies indeed. Molly Mang, congratulations. Yeah.