Kind: captions Language: en [Applause] Fellas, you both know the rules. Keep it clean. Nothing low. Watch your heads. And when I say break, take a step back. Most importantly, defend yourself at all times. Best of luck. Well, buckle your seat belts for the third outing of the young, exciting former amateur star Taylor Beavenon. 2-0, two knockouts. And will he follow suit here at the Planet Planet Ice Arena in Ultringham? I'm sure you've been extremely impressed, Sunny. And he comes firing straight out the corner to start the first round. Full of confidence is Taylor Beavenon. And with what he's achieved in the amateurs, Comwalth Game, silver medalist, the two performances that he's had already as a pro, taking it all in his stride now, it's all becoming a little bit more of the norm for him. land and lovely stiff jab right on the face of Alice Makovic as I say from Czech 27 years old only stopped the once in his three defeats but oh he's well up against it here against a hardhitting accurate sharp Edwards Taylor Beavenon landed a lovely jab to the body and shortly after lands a nice cuffing right hand over the top you can just see the threat you can see the jeopardy in Taylor's hands you really can every second he's in the ring. Oh, another body shot. And the power of Bevon being demonstrated here, not letting off the hook at all as he backs him in to his red corner. And it's really not just there, the heavy shots. Look how he's measuring his target. Look how he's edging forward, edging back, trying to get his opponent to be in a vulnerable position before really nailing them. A little touching a target, some light shots first and you can see he just tries to pick his moment when the heavy shot lands. That's that pedigree coming through from the amateurs. Really helps. There we go. Settled into the pros. Lands a lovely left hook there. Makovic goes round the back of the head. It looks a clean shot to me. Oh, another punishing body shot. He's under the cross. Here's Makavic. And real good variety coming from the Welshman here in the first round. They're not rushing his work either. Just taking a nice little step out of range there. Making Makovich ball short and just firing back in. Sharp shots. There's that left uppercut followed by a right hand. Cuts off the ring. So left uppercut was a peach of a shot from Taylor Bev. Makavis out. The referee waved this off. Taylor Beaven moves to three and0. Three stoppages. There is no stopping this man, Sunonny Edwards. That was a massive uppercut that landed there. I can't wait to see the replay already pop up on the screen. He set up nicely and it was the first real punch with mean intent that he threw and it ended the fight. Well, we see him beat Simon Ker in the second round of his last contest. And it was two beautiful right uppercuts that got the job done. It was the left hand this time, but this man, Sunny, the variation, the spite, the desire. I mean, I talk about Pat Brown who's fighting in tonight's main event, ticking boxes. This man here, Taylor Beavenon, does exactly that. Well, so far he's not done much wrong, Darren. Um, I haven't seen him really take a clean shot of anything worth remembering. He's controlled it. He's landed the jab. He's gone up and down. He's worked to the body as well. But he's so good at when he picks his moment of going from touching and being sharp and being rangy. Look, he's boxing in nice and he just slips in, lets the punch go. Well, that wasn't even a shot. Very similar. That was a bit earlier on. I thought that was the left uppercut. Must be very similar to the one. Here we go. Touches upstairs and as soon as he drops him down, he walks him. He just and he just hit it. He just hit him with the exact shot. What? 5 seconds ago. He touched him with it. He saw it. And as soon as he dropped down again, he let the trigger go. And that was a wellplaced, perfectly executed lead uppercut. A very hard shot to throw. Yeah, and that's how you throw it, Sunny Edwards. You don't telegraph the shot, do you? Look, he's just thrown that from the waist there. He's just turned the front foot into it. Look at the effect of Makovic there. You just seen him adjust his body weight ever so slightly just so he weren't completely over his front foot. And as soon as he just transferred the body weight, he found the uppercut so nicely. It was It was the sweet spot. You know when they talk about the sweet spot, he didn't load up. He didn't try too hard. He just caught it at the right time and threw it exactly how we needed to. That was a punch perfect shot. Absolutely smiles all around. and Eddie Hearn I can see just walking round to our commentary area here Colin Jones Welsh legend happy Taylor Beavenon obviously thrilled with his performance what a shot that was going to give Makovich a chance to even get into that contest Sunny and when you fight like that and finish like that unless you're related or friends to the opponent you're going to be happy with that performance absolutely well we'll hear from the victor after the announcement from David Diamante. Ladies and gentlemen, referee Darren Sargentson calls a halt to this contest. The official time of the stoppage 2 minutes and 15 seconds of round number one. Your winner by TKO. He's still undefeated, Taylor Beavenon. Yeah, Taylor Beavenon, as we say, moves to 3 and 0. three stoppages and again just showing what a hardhitting fighter he is. It's in great shape. Looks the part learning all the time how to deal with the cameras and this pressure there is certainly going to become more evident as he continues fighting. But I look forward to hearing from him Sunny. He stood alongside our reporter for the evening and presenter, I must say, the great, the wonderful, the handsome Jamie Ward. Okay, Taylor Beavenon, congratulations. 3 and 0, three knockouts. Was that the best one yet so far? Uh, I don't know if it's the best one. I'm very happy with it. I have to watch it back and assess, but yeah, I'm very happy with that performance. Can you please try and make sense why you weren't happy with that tonight? No, I'm happy with it, but I don't know if it's I need to watch it. Once I've watched it back, I'll I'll let you know. Just talk us through the process of of finding that left hand because it was a peach and I'm sure when you do watch it back, you will appreciate it. Certainly. Yeah, I wanted to just ease my way into the fight, work off the jab, and landed. I threw a couple of faints and he sort of ducked down and I thought, oh, the uppercut would be there to land. So, I just waited for the opportunity and threw it and it paid off. No fighter will ever complain. Taylor of an early night, but wouldn't you have minded that going a bit longer tonight? Yeah. Uh, obviously I kept coming looking for the knockout, so I'm happy with it, but well, I've got a lot of uh support up tonight and they've traveled a long way. So, I'm sure they would have liked to have seen a bit more, but I hope I did them proud. And in terms of the whole process from fight week to fight night and getting in this ring and putting together performances like that, that's fight number three in the books now. In what way is the process becoming a bit more comfortable for you? just getting used to the whole fight week and all the media commitments. Um, I'm feeling a lot more comfortable with it now and I feel like I can express myself in the ring a bit more because I I'm feeling comfortable. Well, let's bring in the mans. You're right. He had a big smile on his face when he watched that unfold. Anyway, promotes Freddy Hearn. Immediate verdict. Excited about Taylor Beavenon. Well, as always, a special thank you to the Southampton massive over here. Unbelievable support. It's a Friday night in Manchester. You're a lucky boy. And um what we're seeing now is just the the education of a real my opinion true worldass prospect in Taylor Beavenon. It's a nice small ringing here tonight. I said to to Colin Jones just now and he was stalking him early and there was no escape really. It's only a matter of time and I just said to Tom Dallas as as I've got into the ring little step up now and um you know I know we haven't made an official announcement but you lot made a 17th copper box Johnny Fisher against Dave Allen it's near a home that'll be next number four he's keeping nice and active and when you're knocking people out like he is I'm going to keep you nice and active and every performance has been getting better and better you know slightly more mature every single performance and he's looking fantastic. Really, really excited about his future. I mean, he's looking as good as that. We're going to keep him, like I said, nice and active. May 17th in London, copper box, Johnny Fisher against Dave Allen. That'll be next for him. Why is it so important for you, Taylor, to remain nice and active like Eddie just said then? Um, I think it's crucial to build your career, to be active. Um, and I love fighting and I love these events that I'm a part of and I can't thank Matchum enough for keeping me active and I'm enjoying the journey so much so far. If it is a little step up next, what does that do for Taylor Beavenon's mindset? Does that excite you to thought of the challenges getting a bit tougher? Yeah, definitely. I I want to keep stepping up each fight and keep continue to keep proving myself and see how far I can go. And the numbers in here were good for you tonight. No doubt they're going to keep growing. Do you have a little message you want to leave for them tonight? Yeah, I can't thank everyone enough for coming out again and uh taking days off work and yeah, coming all this way to support me. I can't thank them enough. Taylor Beavenon 3 and 0. Congratulations. A great performance. Well done. Yeah, a great performance indeed. 3-0 now as a professional. What a start he has made. And in tonight's main event, former Olympian Pat