Kind: captions Language: en So for the thousands in attendance and the millions watching around the world, ladies and gentlemen, let's get ready to rumble. [screaming] Introducing first, fighting out of the blue corner, wearing white and black and officially weighing in at 121.1 lb. His professional record, an excellent one. 32 victories, including 17 big wins by knockout without a loss. He has one draw and he's ranked by the ring among the best in the world in this division and number one by the WBCO deito Mexico. The undefeated challenger Elen Victor Aland El Re PICASSO [cheering] and his opponent across the ring fighting out of the red corner wearing pink trimmed with white officially weighing in at 121.5 lbs. He's recognized by all as one of the best pound-for-pound fighters in the world and brings a perfect record to the ring. 31 fights, 31 victories, 27 big wins by knockout, the four division world champion, two division undisputed world champion, fighting out of Yokohama and representing all of Japan, ranked by all the commissions in the ring magazine as the undisputed, undefeated super bantamweight champion of the world. NOW THE MONSTER [screaming] in nowhere. [cheering] [cheering] All right, gentlemen. You received the instructions in the dressing room. Know what I expect? A good clean fight. Legal punches. Legal punches here for you. Touch gloves. Glove to both of you. Touch gloves. We just saw Nakatani almost let the Noea showdown slip through his fingers. Can you know keep that mega fight intact now with a big win over Picazo? &gt;&gt; The monster has arrived in Saudi Arabia. our main event this evening and that's fainting and we're seeing in a way fainting really well trying to unlock that defense that tight defense of Picasso there are openings to the body though of the Mexican we've seen how well in historically very measured in the opening round look at the hand speed from two punch combination to the body as he lands a left hook up top they did portions of their training camp outdoors for the first time in many years. A little bit of a nostalgic feel and this is vintage Analyia in a way that you're seeing right now. &gt;&gt; Does is really predicated on that amazing quick first step. &gt;&gt; Big right hand there from Inaway with shots right now. Nice right hand in reply from Picasso. So standing in there and he gets cracked with a left hook. Taking a couple of good shots here. Alan Picasso a slight step back here and adhering the advice of his corner. We're told &gt;&gt; and another one that would make any Mexican fighter proud. Left hook up top there onto the rope in the corner. Then you get to just in front of it away a bit too much. I see him just get either side of the target in away almost begging him to do so. &gt;&gt; A hook there from Picasso. away again. You see that attitude as soon [cheering] as he gets hit, he comes back &gt;&gt; on the retreat. Choosing to be on the retreat. Has it in abundance. Beautiful pull counter right hand there a moment ago from Inaway as he bobs and weaves underneath with his back against the ropes. &gt;&gt; Oh, that right hand there from Inway that he might start to crank it up here in round six and it's certainly looking like it. Yes, Cory in the overall backside to get going. &gt;&gt; Good chopping right hand there from Picasso in away then digs to the body. &gt;&gt; Good little stretch for Picasso. &gt;&gt; Nice double jab right hand. But look at that shot. &gt;&gt; Beautiful stuff, Cory. That really is. It's it's mesmerizing at times to watch and and probably mesmerizing for his opponent Darren that he can essentially stand in front of him and the threat of that power and the speed and the movement. It just saps his opponent's self-belief as he lands a badly to the body. He is just sinking into the ropes right now as Inay sinks a right hand to his body and another one. Terrific finisher in Inway. Oh, nice one. Signs of hope, but back comes in away with two uppercuts in front of us here. &gt;&gt; I mean, doing some quick math, look at the the number of power shots thrown and then boss arms unbelievably relaxed for how violent of an offensive operator in a way is. Look at that right hand over the top. Ladies and gentlemen, after 12 championship rounds, we go to the judges scorecards. Steve Weissfeld scores at 119 109. Dion Dwarte has it 120 to 108. Corna Fernandez scores at 117 to 111. All three judges have it for the winner by unanimous decision. still undefeated and still the undisputed super bantamweight champion of the world. NOW THE MONSTER. So another masterful performance from the monster. still the ring and undisputed champion again adding to that illustrious stat line that he has 27 and0 now just had to pull that back [music] up 27 and0 in title fights fight &gt;&gt; yeah incredible stuff and like we said earlier matching the record of the great Larry Holmes of four ring magazine [music] title defenses in a calendar year but Cory we made a big deal and rightfully so about the 118 110 scorecard in the Nakatani Hernandez Who was the judge that found three rounds for Alan Picasso? That is outrageous in its own right. &gt;&gt; Now look at the Grinch. The Grinch. No, but I'm with you. That was a shut out without a shadow of a doubt. He tried Picasso. He really did. He gave it his all. But again, I say he was just in there with an elite level fighter. Seeking away with a brand new ring belt and now he is standing by with a &gt;&gt; we are just waiting for Na to take off all the belts. Noa, it's a long process. There are so many belts and before we start the interview, Rick Reno, I believe you have another belt for Ino. Noya Inaway is an exceptional world champion. He's become the first Ring Magazine champion to match the record of the great heavyweight Larry Holmes by making four successful defenses of the Ring Magazine belt in a single calendar year. Matching that record, put in an exceptional performance tonight against a very gutsy challenger in Picasso who hung in there for the full 12 rounds. And in honor of that, on behalf of Ring Magazine and his excellency Turkey Alshik, I'm presenting Noya Inaway with a brand new &gt;&gt; Ring magazine belt that I know he's wanted. &gt;&gt; [cheering]