Kind: captions Language: en I'm sure that's how it's going to be, that it's going to be a war. I think you'll arrive well prepared. We're going to do our job too. I always aim for a knockout in all my fights. I believe that of the five strongest rivals I've ever faced, you are undoubtedly among them. So I think you need to have a winning mentality, and well, I see myself winning. I am Emmanuel Navarrete Martínez, the Cowboy. I am Eduardo Chugar Núñez and this is Cards on the Table. How do you think you will handle the situation and the pressure of this fight with me? You're a different kind of fighter, very difficult to decipher, and you're also under a lot of pressure, and that's what really attracts me. I like challenges, I know that this fight is important for my development, to keep moving forward. Which of the two has a better punch and why is that? Whoever did this is cheating. Start warming up. Yes. No, well I think that everyone has their own respective qualities. Hey, you're a fighter who has a lot of knockouts too. Your rivals say that's because they do n't have a light touch. I think everyone has their own respective qualities. Lots of things, right? It's just like they knock you out, right? Yes, I think that part too. I mean, but we'll see, right? He said, and he was blind. Blind. Yes, we see number 28. That's where number 28 is answered. After the fight they ask us, "Do you think this will be the toughest fight of your life?" Yes, it's a great challenge we have ahead of us, as you are a fighter, a great fighter, but I'm happy to have this challenge in my career. What are you willing to do to take my belt and keep yours? No, well I think that question comes from, or rather the answer comes from, the moment you get on the train as a professional, right? I think that if I tell you right now everything I'm willing to do, it won't change anything about what I promised to give in exchange for being world champion, right? For the first time at least. There it is, digging deeper. Yes, yes. Are you afraid of me, or do you fear me? No, I honestly respect you a lot as a fighter, as a person, and more than anything, well, that's it, a lot of respect from all the opponents you've faced. Where do you place me in terms of talent and ability? I've never liked to categorize my fighters in terms of skill level. There are always more or less dynamic rivals, that part has always been left to the people, eh, but without a doubt I can say something that at least at this moment I believe you that the five strongest rivals that I have had I certainly find you among them. So, well, it's a very important challenge for me , precisely because of that , right? If the fight turns into a war, who will emerge victorious? That and why. Well, I'm sure that's how it's going to be, that it's going to be a war. Uh, I think you're going to arrive well prepared. We're going to do our job too, and God will take care of it. God will go and the performance of each one. Okay. What did you learn about yourself through defeat? No, well I think I should calm down a bit. I'm very impulsive, sometimes too much so, I think. Then it kind of gave me a lot of serenity, tranquility. Sometimes you feel like you want to run before you can walk, right? And sometimes that happened to me, I think. And with the defeat I kind of learned to stabilize myself a bit, to be calmer, to measure my time a little more and to develop with more tranquility. Yes. Okay, you can learn anything. Will the winner of this fight become the next king of Mexico? A question. I think that victory will greatly benefit either of them, because you are also a great role model for Mexico. Yes, well, I'm making my own way. I think so. What kind of fight do you think fans will see on February 28th? Do n't know. I think it will depend a lot on each person's physical support , right? Um, at the beginning of all this we talked about the knockout effectiveness of both of them and I think that's the most important thing in this fight and I think it's the one who can withstand more and the physical support of the other person that will determine whether this fight is long or short. Yes. Okay. Well, how do you think you're going to beat me? No, well, let's go to Claro, as you mentioned, when you start your career it's always with the mentality of winning and this one is no exception. We all have a winning mentality and we're going to do the necessary work to seek victory. Do you think you can knock me out? No, I don't know, I honestly have no idea. Uh, I do n't usually worry about that, no. I always work, I do my job, and if I'm looking for a knockout in all my fights, that's obvious, but if it's not possible, it doesn't bother me either . No, no, I don't get frustrated, no. I try to take things calmly, I tell you, I've already learned a bit about that and to make an alternative work plan, right? If I know I'm not going to hurt you with one blow, then I'll work to maybe destabilize you a little and that's where we start, right? But yes, I don't think about that so much anymore. So, what's your final prediction? Well, as I mentioned, I always think that I should have a winning mentality, and I see myself winning. What does it mean to you to be here representing Mexico on the world stage? No, it's always a pleasure to fight for my country, for my origins, and to be representing my country, my flag, with a fighter like you. Aside from the motivation and happiness this is causing me, it generates immense motivation and I believe, and want to believe, that it's going to be an excellent fight. When you became world champion, what did it mean to you and why? Much joy. It was a commitment I had with myself, with my family, with my brother, an important promise for me. Thank God we fulfilled it and we continue on the march fulfilling what we must. Who is the best boxer? Let's talk about it. For me, in Mexico, within Mexico, or as far as Mexico is concerned, at least I think that Chávez, for me personally, I don't think there's anyone who can equal him, right? In terms of numbers, well, the style is something else, right? How powerful, how strong, and how solid his career was. Yes that's how it is. What is your final prediction? Oh, well, the same thing. If I tell you I'm going to lose, tell me. No, I'm looking for it, I'm working hard, I 'm working hard so that I can deliver the best fight, I'd even like it to be the best fight of my career maybe. And this, and obviously I also see myself as victorious, one, I see myself as triumphant, I see myself as unified and well, I don't say anything, they are goals, they are dreams and well, that's something you work on, right? And not here, not in the gym. Okay, nice to meet you , my friend, nice to meet you too. Very good, huh. Cheer up,