Kind: captions Language: en What a shot. The female fight of the year. Hello and welcome back to Flash Knockdown series 6, episode number eight from our brand new studio. It's a rare non-fight week for us, which is quite nice actually. But here's what we have coming up for you all on today's show. Eddie Hearn joins us to review our York Hall show last week and preview the upcoming schedule. New English middleweight champion Jimmy Sainz is in the building following his triumphant two-title tussle on Friday night. Sky Nicholson is also on the sofa in the studio as her next fight is locked in for December 13th. We hear from both Cameron Vong and Gavin Gwyn ahead of their highly anticipated November 29th rematch in Birmingham. And of course, there's all the usual chat, quiz, and much more coming up. You know what to do. Don't go anywhere. We're very happy to have promoter Eddie Hearn joining us live now on the show. Eddie, we were just saying off camera there about how good the show was on Friday. Great to be back at York Hall. Special atmosphere. The main event certainly delivered. What are your big takeaways from it now? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean we was just saying like it feels like it should kind of be a regular fixture on the calendar. We appreciate now the size of what we're doing doesn't really allow us to use that venue that much, but for the right fight and for definitely the development of the younger fighters, it's it's a perfect atmosphere, perfect cauldron for them. Um, you know, it's been six years nearly since we've been there and the the noise is incredible. I mean the atmosphere for Lard Conway was fantastic and sometimes you take those fights into the copper box and you just do the bottom tier and stuff like that and it's just it's just not the same. So also it's like generally matroom fighters are quite privileged in the respect of they go to these big arenas, stadiums, they got these massive changing rooms, right? like showers, you know, warming up area and then all of a sudden they're in your call and there's like three of them sharing a broom cupboard, you know. So, it's sometimes it's quite humbling and and and a lot of those fighters at that stage in their career, I'm not saying they need humbling, but they just need to understand they've got a long way to go. It's not always going to be the big shiny arenas and the easy first or second round stoppage, but I think they enjoyed it. I don't think any of them turned up went, "Oh my god, I can't believe I'm in this change room." It was just a great experience all around. And yeah, if we can find a way in the 26 schedule just to start dropping those in, maybe like one every couple of months just giving those, you know, what was we're trying to move away a little bit from nextg shows because a lot of the prospects now kind of beyond nextg and you know, George Labard was a great example of that. We had a chance for that to be a nextg show. George isn't NextG. the British and Commonwealth Championship is not next gen. I mean, it's two major titles and it's it was a brilliant domestic matchup. So, I just think 2026 you might just see different levels of shows. You'll get your 9,000 in Sheffield for Dave Allen or you know, I know Connor Ben against Lewis Crocker or whoever it's going to be, but you're then you'll also get your bread and butter stuff really good domestic matchups and I think they're really important for British boxing. in the ring after a main event, Eddie, you're always particularly excited and that's when you come alive really and you're talking about what's next. But you did seem very genuinely excited by what you saw from George Leard. Is that a fair assessment? &gt;&gt; Yeah, and I was pretty honest with our assessment as with us as a business and the focus of someone like George Lard because I don't think he's he's had and that's maybe not fair on us when I say the right push. I just think that in terms of his development, in terms of where he is or was after 12 fights, in terms of how he's gambling, maybe he hasn't had the backing of maybe someone else that had a stellar amateur career in the Olympics or the World Championships or something like that. And you know, I I it was funny cuz I said in the interview after, I was like, I think we as a business now need to recognize the talent this young man and what he's achieved tonight and beyond. And I looked at his dad who was standing behind him and he went and he kind of nudged his mom as if to so you kind of like you know that conversation's been had in the household where it's like so and so's getting a push. So and so's boxing America so and so look at you George you're undefeated you look good you're gambling on the British and Commonwealth title and they're right as well. I mean, that's just life. But because he was, you know, don't forget, he was still a multi-time national champion, but he didn't go on and be part of the podium squad or the GB team and stuff like that. So, when he came through, I was really reliant on Tony Sims telling me that this kid can really fight and I think he's he's a really good fighter. If it wasn't for Tony and it if it wasn't for the fact that George Larard wasn't from Essics, we might have let him pass because he was, you know, we get approached by a lot of national champions and I'm really glad we didn't. And I'm glad Tony, you know, told us how good this young man is because look at where he is now after 13 fights. And it was the manner of the victory. I I actually watched the fight back again last night and it was the composure and the calmness of Lard given his age and his experience &gt;&gt; and George works really really hard you know I mean he's a really really good honest young man and you know like I said that wasn't just a performance of you know a British champion that was a 23 year old putting together a performance like that and I think it was a statement to the the 160 pound division globally not just in Britain and there's a long way to go for George Nidar but I now look at him as a world you know forget British prospect he's British and com world champion worldass prospect that's what I prefer to call him now and there's some big fights out there for him &gt;&gt; what did you make of Tia another stoppage win and Jimmy Sainz as well picking up the English title &gt;&gt; good I mean Jimmy you know it's almost a shame that Jimmy and George are in the same team because a fight down the road between those two that that's the kind of fight that could eventually one day do the London stadium. I mean like they're so popular from where we come from and and like on on Friday it was like going back to faces about 15 years ago. I just you looking at people you just see everyone like don't forget I used to go out with uh Jimmy's dad clubbing and like he he ran a nightclub and I'd see him all of that group of people. We all know each other, right? and and and it was like that, you know, obviously we're a lot older now, but to see his son coming through and he's a very good fighter. I mean, Jimmy probably was was a highly more highly touted amateur than George was, but George is now probably three fights ahead of Jimmy in within that development. And that will work quite well in kind of passing down the goods if you like. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Because in three fights time, George will be gone from British title level and Jimmy will be ready to fight for the British championship and he's very heavy-handed, very good. Tia, you know, I said to her, she I got in the ring and she said, "I'm I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry." Like, what what are you sorry about? I mean, you've just picked up your third stoppage in three fights. No one's doing that in female boxing. You know, that girl went the distance with everybody. I think Fran Hennessy is a very good fighter. Took her eight rounds or whatever on, you know, on points. Tia is is a phenomenal talent. It was a bit scrappy at times and sometimes she's got to set it up a bit better, but she is what she is. She she want she just wants to have a tear up and when they come to fight, you're going to see her in some phenomenal fights. I I have no doubt she's going to go on and be a world champion. Probably the hardest thing with her is going to be holding her back. &gt;&gt; You had the the press conference with Ben Whitaker. I just wonder, was there a little moment for you on on stage? took a little while for Matum to get there, didn't it, with Ben? But sitting there on the stage ahead of that press, was that a proud moment for you? &gt;&gt; Yeah, look, we've always felt like we were going to be together. Every time I saw him at a show, we'd kind of wink at each other and and it was almost like one day, one day. And it was like we Yeah. Um I'm very excited to to add him to the stable already. You know, there's a lot of people that I talk to, you know, away from just the the the customer, the fight fan, talking about even on a corporate level, a broadcast level, a sponsorship level, everybody's aware of who this man is. Everybody knows he is the principal star of British boxing outside of really the the the heavyweights, AJ Fury. like this guy, he's young, you know, he's a phenomenal fighter, he's got the profile, he understands the business, he's a great self-promoter as well. Um, and we got a great plan for Ben Whitaker. I think sometimes because of because of his noise, because of his hype, sometimes people fail to get that he's only had 10 fights. And I don't think he's been matched that great, if I'm honest. Like, I don't think his development's been that great. I don't think his momentum's been that great. I don't think his schedule's been that great. Now we're coming off a a really good performance against Liam Cameron quite a while ago. Now we have a fast turnaround against Gavazi who you know people will look at it people love to have a Mona. A who's he fighting out? Let me tell you this guy is unbeaten since 2018 right I saw him win his last fight against I think an 11-0 unbeaten very talented fighter. He stopped him late in the fight. He was a very good amateur. He's WBC international silver champion. his fights for the WBC silver title which will give the winner a top five ranking. We know all of his team. They are bang up for it. He came down to the show on Friday. You know, you can see the look in his face if to say this is my chance and he's going to be a handful on November 29th. And if Ben if Ben takes his eye off the ball one little bit, he's going to have a tough tough night against this man. &gt;&gt; Just elsewhere in the stable, what can you tell us about the latest in terms of Andy Cruz and and his quest to become world champion? So Andy Cruz has been ordered to fight for the world title. He won a final eliminator. The IBF called purse bids. Those purse bids are bids at the end of this week. And you know, we're talking to Top Rank trying to to get a deal in place. But either way, if we don't reach a deal, it will go to purse bids. And Andy Cruz's next fight will 100% be for the world title. So we've done our job. We've brought him through perfectly well. He's done amazing. And again, you talk about limited fights, there's another one. I mean, he's had a handful of fights really. Um, but he's ready. He's ready to fight for the world title and it'll be a massive moment for him when he challenges a very good fighter in Murai. Very good. It's a dangerous fight, but it's a great fight. And hopefully we can bring that to a matchroom show and that will be just part of a massive schedule in that first quarter that we're putting together coming out the gates very hot in 2026. &gt;&gt; And also for Shak Ramos as well, what can you tell us about that? He's been ordered to fight. &gt;&gt; You know, Shakramov, I think it's been frustrating. I'm really glad the WBA have done the right thing and ordered that fight against Rodi Romero. You know, there's there's rumors of a Romero Pacquiao matchup, but Shakra Gears been waiting. He's been waiting a long time. So, you know, we expect the WBA to honor that position and we expect Sha Craram Gears off to fight for the WBA world title again most likely in very early 2026. &gt;&gt; And stick in at 147 pounds, Patty Donovan and Liam ParrO. &gt;&gt; Love it. Love the fight. I mean, what a lifeline for Patty Donovan, you know. I mean, look, that was a fight against Lewis Crocker that was very close. Could have gone either way. And he would have been very down in the dunks, you know. We we all collectively wrote to the IBF and said, "Look, it was a very close fight. We we we believe Patty Donovan should be right up there in the rankings." They agreed. And Liam Parro, you know, just won an eliminator to go to number two. Patty's at three. It's an eliminator for number one. So, Patty Donovan against Liam Parro will be a final eliminator for Lewis Crocker. Lewis Crocker obviously will fight in between that. Um, and that's a brilliant fight, Donovan, against Parro. Two very good fighters. And, you know, we've been speaking to No Limit. They've made us an offer to do that fight in Australia. Um, it's a a bigger split to Liam ParrO because of his position. So, we may have a little trip to Australia for that one. And, uh, Paddyy will fancy his chances as Liam would. It's a very, very good matchup. Just in terms of the rest of the schedule for this year, Eddie, I heard you teasing a potential date, December 20th. Is there anything you can tell us about that or not yet? &gt;&gt; We're we're in conversations with um a couple of uh promoters in Africa. Um we we may begin a partnership out there that would see our first show land on December 20th um in Africa. It'll be a big moment for us and one that I'm very excited about. I've watched kind of from afar the shows in Ghana, the shows in Nigeria and the energy seems to be unbelievable. I I want to be part of that to be honest with you. And you know, it's something that we've never done before, something that we'd love on the resume and something we'd love to enjoy. So, um, we've got just the maddest run, you know. I mean, it's obviously we just had your call and this weekend there's no show. Obviously, Don have Wardley against um, Parker and then next week we're in Orlando for Pero against Thompson plus Pat Brown's US debut as well. Um, the week after that, I think I'll be in Dallas actually for Virgil Ortiz with with BCH. We want to be ringside because we don't want to let these people off the hook. November 15th, of course, the the colossal clash at Tottenham with Ben against Eubank. November 22nd is the huge ring card in Saudi Arabia. Jesse Ban Rodriguez goes for another unification there against Puma Martinez in a great fight and an unbelievable card. November 29 sees Ben Whitaker have his first fight for us at the NEC in Birmingham and of course Cameron Bong against Gavin Gwyn and and so much more on that card. December 6 is by far the best card we've ever had in Monaco. I mean, it's just an absolute thriller. December 13 is gearing up to be a sneaky great card. I mean, Pacheco against Sagio, phenomenal. 50 fights between them. 41 knockouts. Joe Cordina against Gabe Flores. What a fight that is. And I think you'll see the winner of that fight become mandatory for Sam No against Abdullah Mason. Of course, Sky Nicholson as well going for the interim world title on there. that will see her become mandatory for the winner of Ellie Scotney's unificed fight. Tito Mardo is back on that fight against Mexico's Antonio Moran. Cardinas is in a war. It's a phenomenal fight. And then we leave there, go to potentially to Africa for our first show there. And of course 27th of December is the J Japanese card in Saudi Arabia. So it's just a wild run and um we're very lucky to be part of these massive nights. How do you see Joseph Parker, Fabio Wley going this weekend? &gt;&gt; I think it's very difficult to to ever rule out Fabio. I mean, I've done it a few times, you know, and um obviously Justice Honey did a did a job on him till Fabio did a job on him, which was just a thrilling finish. And Fabio has that kind of kind of power. Now, the difference is Joseph Parker has a great chin. And Joseph Park, the Joseph Parker of now is very different to the Joseph Parker of five or six fights ago when he wasn't really living the true life. Now he is. He's in absolute full flow with Andy Lee. He's fit. He's strong. I just think the style matchup for Fabio is not great. I think early on Fabio, you know, he's going to be very dangerous. He'll always trade with you. He's very heavy-handed, but just like Honey started to just be a little bit too good and wear him down. I think Parker might have a little bit more power than that to maybe close the show. So, I think Joseph will win by knock by stoppage inside nine rounds. But Fabio, you know, listen, fair play to him. He's he's game as they come and he's always dangerous. &gt;&gt; Last couple then, Ed, um you and Dana White, is that um getting a bit more intense or are you just on the wind up? Uh probably a bit of both really. I mean I'm always on the wind up. Um I you know it's it's it's not sad because I've and I hope that he can understand the game and play the game a little bit and you know for me it's never personal like you know I've always got on with a guy. I respect him. I think he's an amazing promoter. But of course, when you come out and give interviews and say, you know, Eddie um, you know, he doesn't think big enough and, you know, now he's like a career politician. Where's he been the last 20 years? I mean, where have I been the last 20 years? I've been knocking my bollocks out every single day, breaking records all around the world for the biggest shows ever in boxing. I mean, my my CV, I feel like it's unmatched. So, when you stick it on my toes, you can't expect me not to say anything. But the problem is when I say something, these guys aren't used to getting criticized because they run the show, right? So they don't they don't really get criticized other than by the customer on social media. So when someone comes in and starts questioning them and actually questioning what they say, you see the blood pressure start going a little bit wobbly and all of a sudden, you know, the they're all shouting and all and I've been there so many times before and I've missed that because the last time, you know, don't forget me and Frank Warren had the the jewel for nearly 15 years and now we're pals. So now I'm kind of seeing it all over again, but this time with Dana White. And what a privilege for me to be going headtohead with Dana White because that that don't get you out of bed in the morning. What does I mean? You know, you do sometimes get to a point where you think and I never feel like I've cracked it, but like we've done it. We we we've done pretty well. Now all of a sudden I've got this geyser, one of the biggest promoters in the world. He's coming in boxing. So tells telling everyone he's going to take over. Not on my Nelly, son. And I'm not going to roll over and let you tickle my belly and go, "Oh, yeah, D." You know, cuz in the past I've been a little bit stareyed of Dana, great business, great promoter, huge organization. I'm not stare eyed anymore. I'm coming to take you on. But it's not like, "Fuck you. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you." It's like, "Let's go. This is great. Eddie vana, what what a matchup." So yeah, I'm I'm and and since it's happened, I'm getting up earlier. I'm going to bed later. I'm training harder. I'm working more than ever. So it's great for the sport. You need you need to be fueling the fire of people like me and Dana. And it it, you know, it will push us on. And we're coming, like I said, we're coming out hot in 2026. And they can do the new bell, they can do the league, they can change the shape of the ring, they can change the Ali Act. We're going the other way. We're going on the greatness of boxing, the traditional side of boxing, the big fights, the unification, the governing bodies, letting fighters chase legacy and wear the belts that their heroes wore before them. That's what we're doing. And I'm saying to boxing fans, oi, come with me. Get on my side cuz I love boxing. We love boxing. And let's smash these boys out of the park. B. &gt;&gt; Uh, just quickly before I let you go, can you stop taking the mick out of me on Instagram, please? Um &gt;&gt; well you history you know this this place you know York Hall is absolutely steeped in history. &gt;&gt; Well well how good is this? Is there anywhere quite like the spiritual home of British boxing throughout recent history &gt;&gt; throughout recent times. Some of the best middleweights in Britain have fought and had big nights. &gt;&gt; What what's history? I've never heard of it. &gt;&gt; You know what it was? That was meant to be a pre-record and we ran out of time and I had to do it live in the end. But like I say to you about staying humble, you know, with small change rooms and stuff like that. I have cuz I look at social media and all I see is, "Oh, Jamie, you're amazing. You're doing an amazing job. Oh, what a performance." And listen, you're doing fantastically well, but you need someone like me just to when you have a little faux par like that, you need me to go, what's history? I've never heard of history. Now, I know a lot about boxing history, but never history. So, could you explain to me what that is? Well, I said it's my favorite subject at school, which I thought was quite a good. &gt;&gt; Very good. Brilliant. &gt;&gt; But yeah, got eaten alive in &gt;&gt; Don't laugh at your own jokes either. That's not good for the humans. &gt;&gt; Not like you either. Where'd I get that from? Eh, &gt;&gt; no, I would never do that. &gt;&gt; Never. Never. Um, final one, actually. What does a non-fight week look like Freddy Han? What you doing? It's actually Sportell in Monaco which is a huge uh rights sports rights event which basically means that every rights holder in the world every broadcaster in the world is is here this week and I will be as I was today earlier having hours and hours of meetings and as Mr. Hamilton knows because you know he wouldn't be missing it. Wednesday night which will be at Monaco v Spurs &gt;&gt; uh in a Champions League which uh I believe Mr. Hamilton is flying over for &gt;&gt; is it are you gonna take a couple of pin coladas? &gt;&gt; No, I'll be sitting somewhere in the royal box and he'll be with us with with his first hooligans you know. Do you remember when Scott Hammer time they played their last game at White Hart Lane? Do you remember when he ran on the pitch he picked up a bit of turf and put it in his pocket? &gt;&gt; That was before time I think. &gt;&gt; So &gt;&gt; was it? Yeah. So you got to watch him. He is &gt;&gt; comes across as a nice guy, big on social media, but actually a pure villain. &gt;&gt; Certainly got a side to him. Uh Eddie, enjoy. Thanks very much for your time as always and we look forward to catching up with you very, very soon. &gt;&gt; Cheers, guys. &gt;&gt; Well, we've had some brilliant guests so far on the sofa here of our brand new Flash Knockdown studio. But very happy to say the first world champion joins me now. Former WBC world featherweight champion Sky Nicholson in the house. Sky, great to see you. Listen, uh, let's just start by talking about this past weekend. You're on the broadcast with me and Tony Belleu to preview the next camp. Uh, now you have that fight locked in. Why does that bring a smile to your face? &gt;&gt; I'm so excited. Uh, Friday night was fun. Um, I feel like I haven't worked on the broadcast for a while, so it was good to be back and yeah, really good night of fights. Got my fight announced. Uh, so fully locked in now. Uh, it was eight weeks on the weekend till the fight. So yeah, just looking forward to to getting locked in and and putting on a really good performance in December. &gt;&gt; For those who didn't see the announcement, just tell us who you're fighting and I guess ultimately what this fight represents in the Sky Nicholson story right now. &gt;&gt; For me, I feel like this is my first real fight at 122. Uh obviously my first fight at 122 was that last one. Um I did expect the opponent to be a little bit more durable, but we got her out there pretty early. Um, same with the fight in July. So, um, definitely expecting a much tougher fight ahead of me. Uh, Julian Luna from Mexico, she's a two-weight former world champion. Um, she's held belts at 118 and 122 with the IBF and WBC. Um, never been stopped, very good, experienced opponent. So, I'm really excited for the challenge. Um, I'm excited to show that this different beast at 122 isn't just against um easy opponents and I've got a really good opportunity to to make a big statement in December. &gt;&gt; Well, look, talking about Sky Nicholson 2.0, look, we'll talk about the Tiara Brown fight in just a moment, but since you have moved down to 122 backto-back stoppages now, I think it'd been a while, I think. Was your only other stoppage the one in Ireland? Yeah. &gt;&gt; Before that, um, &gt;&gt; I think Lucy Wild was correct. Yeah. And um I guess when you think about that, do you put that purely down to the weight or has something shifted in your mindset since that setback? &gt;&gt; I think I'm definitely a bit of a beast at 122. I think like the physical advantages are definitely there, but um off the back of the defeat in March, I think there was definitely a big mindset shift as well. Um a few different changes that had have been made since then. Um, and one of those being a really big mindset shift in how I approach the fight, my intentions going into the fight. Uh, I feel like those things have also played a big part in that. Um, I was talking to my team recently about some of my fights that I had at 126, world title fights. Um, and just reflecting on the fact that I probably more than likely would have stopped a lot of those girls as well if I had that same intention and mindset that I go into fights with now. um I tended to play with my food um a little bit I felt um before March for the the loss in March. So um yeah, I definitely feel like while there has been physical changes and um I definitely have a good physical advantage being down at 122. I definitely feel like it's not just been the weight change &gt;&gt; because it was interesting. And I remember speaking to you in that fight week in Sydney before the Tiara Brown fight and you were saying and the team were telling me about how inspiring you know you you can stop girls inspiring in big gloves and head guards and they were they were just trying to figure out a way of transferring that into the ring. So it's really interesting isn't it I guess when you when you look at that now but do you believe in in the power has that always been there do you think? Yeah, I think there was there was definitely some kind of mental block in transitioning what I was doing in the gym into the ring. And I don't know if it was the suffering of the first defeat. I don't know what it was that maybe finally made something click, but my fights are starting to show more of what I've been doing against really good girls um in sparring for a long time. And now I'm finally seeing that transfer from the gym to the ring. And uh it's definitely been a work in progress. But &gt;&gt; that's the ghost of the former Sky Nicholson there. Just &gt;&gt; spooky season. &gt;&gt; Um yeah. So I just feel like it's been a whole bunch of different things. I don't think you could pinpoint just one thing that um we've changed, but um lots of little changes are creating really big differences in the ring. Must be unbelievable for the self-belief though. Yeah, &gt;&gt; I guess to to go from the lows of defeat and our backto-back stoppages. How do you feel within yourself? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think I definitely go in feeling more confident. I'm backing myself more and just that feeling of knowing I never want to feel like how I felt again in March. I think I just have that extra desire in me to go out and and make it convincing. Get them out of there. I'm actually going I'm walking to the ring thinking about getting them out of there as soon as possible and I I never really had that kind of mindset going into a fight before and I finally have. &gt;&gt; Do you think Scotty, looking back now, you've always spoken very honestly about everything in your boxing journey. Do you think she got under your skin? Tiara Brown, what what do you think honestly went wrong that night? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think she did get under my skin a little bit. I think you can convince yourself that you're fine or that things aren't affecting you or haven't bothered you, but things did bother me and they did get to me during fight week. Um, I didn't know it at the time, but I probably wasn't mentally prepared for a lot of that stuff. Um, which has been another thing that has been taken on board since March. Uh, I do work with a mindset coach now. Um, and one of the first conversations I had with him, he he said, "How much of how much of a fight preparation or how much of a fight do you think's mental?" And this was coming straight off the defeat. And I said, "After that, um, 100%." And I said, "Because I was 100% physically prepared." And he said, "So how much of your preparation was spent on your mental preparation?" And I said, "Zero. So, you can do everything right day in day out in the gym, but if you're not training your mind as well, um it can all fall apart. And unfortunately, it did for me. Um I don't I wouldn't say it was just the stuff that happened in fight week, but I think it definitely played a part in my energy, um how I was feeling going into the fight, um and how I performed ultimately. Um I think yeah my mindset and my mental preparation my non-existent mental preparation going into that fight definitely played a part in um how things went on the night. &gt;&gt; The undisputed fight at 122 between Ellie Scotney and Flores has been delayed. When it eventually does happen, how do you see that one unfolding? &gt;&gt; I think it's a tough fight for Ellie to be honest. Um &gt;&gt; there are some ghosts in here this week. Feel like I'm on a small talk prank. &gt;&gt; My Ellie, is that you? Ellie, &gt;&gt; my opponent, my opponent um that I'm fighting in December has actually beat Flores. Um so I think it will be interesting to see what happens in my fight with Luna and then what happens in Ellie's fight. Um I think on paper Ellie Scotney should be the favorite, but I have watched that girl and she is a handful. um she's relentless and if Ellie's struggling to make the weight at 122, which is what the rumors are, um she is going to be taken into deep, deep waters in that fight. So, I think it will be interesting. But for me, I really want Ellie to win that fight because I just think it makes for a huge fight. Um I've been wanting to be in super fights. I've been wanting to be in big fights against the champions. That's been something I've been calling for since very early in my career. And for Ellie to win undisputed and for us to have a huge fight um would be the ultimate way to become undisputed world champions. So, I'm rooting for Ellie. Um but I'm also 100% focused on my job on December 13th because um without winning that one, the undisputed fight obviously doesn't happen. So, &gt;&gt; and I know you really respect Ellie Scotney as a fighter, as a person as well. and rate her. But stylistically, why is that a fight you believe you win? &gt;&gt; I think our styles make such a great clash. Um, we have sparred each other a couple of times. We haven't done a lot of rounds together and I don't think we've sparred for the past maybe two years, I think, at least. So, it's hard to to kind of go off sparring. Um, but &gt;&gt; how did the spars go? &gt;&gt; The spars were competitive. Um, we haven't we haven't done a lot of rounds together. We maybe did one eight round spar together and then we had another sparring session where we were jumping in and out with Raven Chapman as well. So, um, yeah, it's it's kind of hard to go off that, but for me, I believe I beat her in all departments. Um, I think I can box her long. I think I can fight with her in close. uh her best her best chance at kind of making it hard for me is to be rough and messy and horrible. Um which is what she did in her rounds that she had more success against me in sparring. She was holding and fouling and trying to make it horrible. Um, but I believe I'm faster, stronger, smarter boxer, and the levels would definitely show in that fight. &gt;&gt; What's the timeline for you, Sky, in the sport, do you think? &gt;&gt; I think I've got two, maybe three, three max years left. Um, I've been boxing since I was 12 years old. So, 2028 will be 20 years in the sport. So, I feel like that could be a good time to bow out. For me, it's more about making sure that I've achieved everything that I know I'm capable of achieving and reaching my full potential. I feel like I'm entering my my prime right now. So, that doesn't last forever, that time. So, I want to make the most of this next couple of years and and get out. &gt;&gt; What do you think you'll be content with when you do eventually walk away into the sunset? &gt;&gt; I want to be undisputed world champion. I think I've been quite clear about that since before I even turn pro. Um, two-weight world champion will be nice and I think that's inevitable. It's not that far away from from me making that that happen. But for me, Undisputed and I hope that I can be given the opportunity to fight for Undisputed. Um, become undisputed world champion, be an inspiration, be a good role model to the younger fighters coming through. Um, and yeah, I'd like to hopefully bow out of the sport being remembered as one of the greatest of all time. &gt;&gt; A quick word on your friend TMAN. another stoppage. Three and0, three knockouts for her on Friday. Looking at the potential, what do you think she can be in the sport? &gt;&gt; Yeah, three and 0, three KOs is no surprise at all. Um, she's an incredible talent. I first sparred her maybe about a year ago now, maybe a little bit more than a year ago. Um, I don't think she had or maybe she had just turned 18. she had just turned 18 or she was turning 18. Um, and I just thought, "Wow, like you are special." Um, and I feel like she's the full package. She can do it all. She She's got an amazing boxing brain, great boxing IQ. She's constantly adapting or changing what she's doing depending on what you're doing. And you don't see that a lot in female boxing. Um, in a lot of the girls I spar, they'll come out and keep doing the same thing even though it's not working. They just keep trying the same thing and they'll keep getting hit by the same shot, you catch with a shot and she's going to make sure that you don't land that same shot again. And I think that's so so impressive, especially in someone so young. Um, but on top of that, she's also got very very heavy hands. She's naturally a puncher. Um, and again, something you don't see a lot in the female boxing. So, um, to have have those naturally heavy hands and that intent to hurt and that intent to kind of go in there no respect and can box, I just feel like she ticks all the boxes. And honestly, I think she can do anything in the sport. She can go all the way. &gt;&gt; Just before we let you go, Sky, this one for WBC interim super bantamweight world title. As far as you're aware, you believe this will secure the mandatory position for yourself? Yes, I've been told that the winner of this fight will be ordered as mandatory. So, I don't know if that will that order will take place after the undisputed fight or immediately after my fight. I'm not sure. Um, obviously originally their fight was happening before my fight, which is not now. Um, but as far as I'm aware, the winner of my fight will be ordered as the mandatory for whoever holds the belt with the WBC. um which will hopefully be an undisputed champion in Ellie Scotney, fingers crossed, in January and we can make a a huge super fight before the summer of 2026. &gt;&gt; Little prediction just finally from yourself for your fight December 13th. &gt;&gt; Really big statement. Um I think the world are going to go, "Wow, she's unbeatable at 122." &gt;&gt; Love it. Sky, thanks so much for coming in. Uh don't miss Sky Nicholson back in action December 13th. Stockton, California live on the zone. The journey towards becoming a two-weight potentially undisputed in Sky Dreams of course remains victory very much paramount for Sky Nicholson on her journey on December 13th. As I say, do not miss it. Sky, great to see you and uh big nights ahead. &gt;&gt; Thank you. Big nights ahead. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Well, it's a first for the brand new series here on Flash Knockdown cuz joining us on the sofa now is a fighter who caught the headlines just a few days ago. Fresh off victory at York Hall, his third professional title, Jimmy Sains added the English and Commonwealth silver middleweight crowns to the now growing collection. And I'm very happy to say joins me now in the studio. Jimmy, great to see you. Firstly, like thanks so much for coming down. You know, normally after a big victory like that, the fighters go away and go on holiday. Uh the first question is an obvious one. You've had a couple of days rest and recovery. How you feeling? Do &gt;&gt; you know what? I'm feeling really good. Um, obviously thanks for having me on firstly, but uh, I was just saying to Scott a minute ago, it's probably the best I felt after a fight. Even my debut, I was a little bruised up, a little bit sore on my back, but um, yeah, no disrespect to Troy. I thought he was he brought the fight. Um, he was a tougher opposition. Uh, very tough man. I see him the next day in the morning actually. We had a we had a little chat. He's a good man. I wish him well. But, um, yeah, I still feel fresh and uh, yeah, it was a good night. I enjoyed it. &gt;&gt; You watched it back? I watched it back as soon as I got back to the hotel room. Um, yeah, I thought it was a good performance to be honest. There's still obviously there's not going to be a perfect performance. There's still little things where I can pick out, but looking at my last fight, I've uh I've improved a lot and uh that's what I want to do. I want to keep improving. &gt;&gt; You're going to go away and have a bit of time off the road and celebrate. &gt;&gt; I am on Friday. I'm going away. Um, do you know what I've done before? I've gone away. I've boxed on the Saturday. I've rushed home and I've gone away on the Sunday but and I've I was messing I was funny story actually I was messing around so much packing and stuff got to the airport I forgot my passport so I thought next time I'll just book the flight a few days after few days rest and then uh yeah I'm going away Friday &gt;&gt; yeah mobile Spain &gt;&gt; a beautiful &gt;&gt; beautiful um firstly I also want to ask you just about your call in general what did you make of the the whole experience boxing there &gt;&gt; you know what I uh really enjoyed it. The atmosphere was unbelievable. Mad, was it? &gt;&gt; Yeah, we boxed there last December on a huge show. Um, and that was great. To be honest, I didn't think you'd be able to beat that, but the atmosphere there was unbelievable. Yeah, it was uh when they called my name out at the start, I mean that buzz was just couldn't hear nothing. It was unbelievable. Yeah, unbelievable buzz. &gt;&gt; And in terms of the success for the gym as well, obviously a massive night for George Leard, you must have been proud watching on as he won the main event as well. Yeah, we uh well you got all the domestic titles, the English title, um even southern area and obviously British and Commonwealth all back in the Bwood gym. Tony Tony and John Ryder was absolutely buzzing. Yeah, I mean uh couldn't have gone perfect. Two wins and two stoppages. So uh great night for the gym. &gt;&gt; I actually owe you an apology Jimmy, don't I? Because uh for those who watched the press conference uh last Wednesday, it would have been I was going this is it you know first title fight and then you went yeah obviously I picked up the southern area title in May and I was like no you just I was like hang on a minute so I apologize amateur hour from me. Um where have you got in terms of little trophy cabinet what's the crack at home? &gt;&gt; I've got a little shelf indoors. Um it's got a few amateur belts and trophies on it but they might have to go in the loft and uh be replaced for new ones. Where does having that English title and obviously the Commonwealth silver as well, but the English title rank for you in terms of the nights you've had in boxing, amateur and pro? &gt;&gt; Well, obviously I um since I went pro, since I started training with Tony, he said, "What do you what's your goals in the sport?" And I said I wanted to I've said it a lot of times, but I want to do the traditional route and follow the career of um like Darren Barker coming from Repton training with Tony, go all the way through. And I've ticked um two of the boxes so far. Um yeah, but so far that's a great achievement for me. English title. Yeah, over the moon. &gt;&gt; I do have to ask you then. Look, it was it was actually a big talking point on the broadcast that the commentators were talking about it as well because you want to win every belt domestically at £160. Your mate George Leard also at £160 has the British and Commonwealth, which looking what you've got here is the next logical step up would probably be the Commonwealth title. Genuine question. How do you expect that to work? How do you navigate around that? Well, to be honest, you got to ask Tony Sims. He's the boss. He tells us what to do, when to do it, um who we're fighting. But listen, me and George are good friends. Um I mean, it's nothing personal. It's business, but I mean, there's enough people in the middle division in Britain for us to fight. We can go our own paths, but uh to only see us fighting if it's for the undisputed middleweight championship, to be honest, at London Stadium. That's when uh Eddie Eddie's got to get his money out and uh and then me and George should fight each other. But uh yeah, I mean we have we have absolutely great spars in camp and we um it's just great that we're doing it at the same time. We're bringing each other on and uh yeah, I mean to have the British middleweight champion in my gym sparring for me, I couldn't get better sparring, you know what I mean? So, uh bringing each other on in the runs, everything we do. So, uh yeah, it's great to have each other. &gt;&gt; What do you think about your own career, Jim? I think Darren Barker actually might have asked you at the press conference, have you maybe been surprised by how quickly and how well you've taken to everything. How do you you sit and look back now after 11 fights, 10 knockouts as well by the way? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's gone uh it's gone very quick actually. I've been a pro of just over two years now. Um and uh I mean the first year was a bit hectic to be honest. I had seven fights literally probably back to back. I think I had about five days off in between was literally back to back. But now this year I've sort of had three fights sort of having proper three month training camp for each fight. So at most I'm enjoying it. This is my dream and I mean when I when I was at school they said what you want to do when you're older. I said I want to be a pro boxer. So I'm very fortunate at the minute um to be living my dream. When I was a young kid fighting at Brenwood Boxing Club I was um I was useless to tell the truth when I started out and to look I'd never would have thought I would have got in this position where I am today. &gt;&gt; Why did you start boxing out of interest? Um, to be honest, I was a bit of a handful as a kid. Not really naughty, just I had a lot of energy. I was one of them kids where like I say, "Dack play football. Soon as we're done with that, D, can we do boxing? Can we do this? Can we do that?" Do you know what I mean? I was always was my dad. So, he took me boxing. I absolutely loved it. I slept the whole way home in the car and my dad thought, "Uh, oh, that's shut him up. So, take it back. Yeah, do that again." Yeah. So, and then yeah, since about the age of five, five I started it and then six I started at a proper gym, broing club, and I've never looked back. &gt;&gt; And you've been with Tony for a while now. I remember when I started the match room, you were always in the gym, I think. &gt;&gt; When did you first meet Tony and how did that all come about? &gt;&gt; I met Tony through um trainer from them called Alan Neil. He uh introduced me um it was just before COVID. He uh Alan Neil um introduced went down the gym just done a bit of Paba met with Tony and we even from that day we got on really well. Um I mean Tony gets on really well with everyone. He's a he's a nice guy and he so &gt;&gt; one of the best. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh and then in co COVID hit I think about a year after that and obviously all the gyms were shut. I think he could have done with a bit of sparring or he uh he asked me to come down the gym. I done a few weeks training out with him, started sparring with the boys, got bashed up. Um, but I kept going back and then yeah, since then I've never left gym. I think that was about four or five years ago now. So I probably done two, three years apprenticeship first with Tony before actually turning pro. Yeah. &gt;&gt; What type of head start do you think that actually gave you? Do you think that's part of the reason why you were with Burbio for the first night? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, that was that's a massive start. Even towards the end of my uh amateur career, I was um I had a few good knockouts and I was uh I was I was boxing like a pro really to be honest towards the last year of my amateur career. So uh yeah, I mean that transition was so easy when I went turned pro and that's probably why I did have a few knockups. Yeah. &gt;&gt; How's it been having uh the big boys in the gym, Johnny Fischer and Daniel Dubois? &gt;&gt; It's entertaining. It is funny. Um they're both both good characters to be honest. Um Daniel's come out of his shell straight away. Johnny's come out of his shell. He's uh he's starting training come. I see him this morning. Um I don't think he realized how hard it's going to be. All these early mornings Tony gets you doing all these mad runs. &gt;&gt; How's he getting on with him, Johnny? &gt;&gt; He's just started. But do you know what? He's quick. Actually, we done the hill sprints the other day. The first two he was at the front and I thought, hang on a minute. He's going to Is he going to um Is he going to blow out or is he showing me and George? But after two or three, he was at the back. But do you know what? He's very quick. He's a good runner for his size. Do you know what I mean? He's a good runner. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. He's got more weight to carry up the hill. &gt;&gt; He has got to be fair. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um and in terms of the plans for you now, Jim, obviously Marba to look forward to. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; First of all, but in terms of when we can maybe see you back in the ring, what's Eddie said about the next steps? &gt;&gt; To be honest, I see Eddie didn't really say too much. I see Frank Smith after and he's um I think hopefully London start of next year. Um but obviously I'll speak to Tony, maybe have a meeting with Eddie. I've got an opponent in mind who I'd like to fight. Um, but listen, everything works out for a reason. Everything for this English title, um, it was meant to be for Father Eliminator, as you know, but everything sort of fell into place. So hopefully something else happens similar, but um, yeah, I'll speak to speak to Tony, speak to Eddie, and then see what match we've got in store for me. &gt;&gt; Can you tell us who the opponent is? &gt;&gt; Uh, yeah, I would like I would like to fight Steve Clark. I boxed him twice as amateur. Um, all respect to him. He's a great fighter. Uh we boxed for an English title in the amateurs senior finals. He beat me. I was absolutely devastated for about well I boxed him a month after but that whole month I was absolutely de devastated. Um yeah I was uh since a young boy I was dreaming of winning a senior title and he took it away from me. So uh I've got the English title the equivalent I suppose as the um the pro version of the same title. So, it' be good to uh have fight number three. &gt;&gt; He's very popular as well. He can do a lot of tickets for that. &gt;&gt; He is. He can do a lot of tickets. I can do a lot of tickets. I think uh I think Eddie will be over the moon with that fight. He'll be able to sell that um straight away. I mean, it'd be good if we can get him down London because I've boxed him twice up north um in his hometown. So, yeah, if we can get him bring him to London, I think that'll be a great fight. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. Just find a gym before we do let you go. You see the poster behind me there? How's he looking, Connor? I mean, Connor's, as you know, as you said, he's always smashing in the gym or crushing it. &gt;&gt; Crushing in the gym. &gt;&gt; Uh, yeah, but he's he's always fit and he um I see a few bits of him sparring the other day. He's looking good. He's looking sharp. Um, &gt;&gt; and I do believe he gets the job done this time. Um, I hope so. Anyway, I feel like he's learned a lot from the first fight. He was maybe slightly too eager where he sort of caught him with a clean shot and then jumped off him, jumped on him and rushed his work slightly. feel like if he uh takes a little step back, has a little bit of a look, he uh can find the opening this time. &gt;&gt; Well, top man, Jim, listen, congratulations. The trophy cabinet is going to need to get bigger. &gt;&gt; Look forward to whatever is next for you. Enjoy some rest and some family time &gt;&gt; in Marbaya. But now we go to the eighth installment of the greatest quiz in boxing, face to face to face to face. &gt;&gt; Yes, welcome back to the eighth installment of face to face to face to face. Maybe the greatest ever quiz in the history of the sport of boxing. And that's what people are saying on the forums anyway. And there's one man who cannot wait to etch his name into the history books on the Flash Knockdown quiz leaderboard. He's got a couple of his good friends, stable mates. Look, Johnny Fisher, George Lar, Jordan Thompson, a former gym mate as well up there to beat. Jimmy, have you seen this before? Do you know how it works? &gt;&gt; I've seen a small clip of it. Yeah, I think. Yeah, got to guess who it is on the picture basically. &gt;&gt; I've got to ask you before we go over the rules. &gt;&gt; Cool. You had a good week last week, but if you can leap frog Johnny Fischer and Giorgio Vizoli and go top of the leaderboard, what would that mean to you? &gt;&gt; Massive. &gt;&gt; Worst can't describe it to us. &gt;&gt; Okay. Well, let me hand over to producer Scott who is going to go over the rules. &gt;&gt; Thanks, Jamie. Jimmy, good luck on this challenge. Now, the intriguing thing is as we draw close to the end of the series, top spot is still available. If you get all four right or even three right and a guess, you can go top here. So essentially Jamie's going to give you his iPad. There's a face on there. The face is split into four different fighters. You need to tell me what each section of the face who it belongs to. If you don't know the answer to one of them, you can ask for a clue. The clue might be good. It might be bad. And if you do ask for the clue, it goes down to one point if you get it right after that. &gt;&gt; What's What's the winner again? &gt;&gt; It's a charity donation to a charity you're choosing. So unfortunately you can't pocket any money I'm afraid but it does go to a good home. &gt;&gt; Oh good. &gt;&gt; So if you're ready we'll bring up on screen about now and Jamie will pass you the iPad. &gt;&gt; So my advice would be to take your time Jim. &gt;&gt; Don't do a Leo. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Don't do a Leo Tang. You don't have to start at the top. You can start anywhere. &gt;&gt; So that's four names we're after here. &gt;&gt; All right. Any ringing out? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I can't think for his name. &gt;&gt; That's a good start. &gt;&gt; I know three. &gt;&gt; Oh wow. Confident off the bat? &gt;&gt; I'm confident of three. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; The bottom one I think is Aaron Bowen. &gt;&gt; Final answer. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Two points. &gt;&gt; Uh I thought it was me to be fair. &gt;&gt; Your eyes are Moses Auma. &gt;&gt; Final answer. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Two points. &gt;&gt; The head is the Australian heavyweight who was Simon Vum. Um he's an Olympian. &gt;&gt; He is. Yeah. &gt;&gt; He's a massive geyzer. I've seen him down the gym. Can't think of his name. Oh yeah, he has been in your gym. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Well, yeah, you on the right lines. You can come back to that one if you want. &gt;&gt; He does. Um, &gt;&gt; should I give you a clue? &gt;&gt; No, &gt;&gt; I interviewed him in your gym. &gt;&gt; I know. I was there. &gt;&gt; Terrible. &gt;&gt; What about the third one? Do you know the third one? &gt;&gt; Is that John Edges? &gt;&gt; Final answer. &gt;&gt; I'm not sure about this one, but I'm going to say yeah. Final answer. &gt;&gt; You can have a clue if you want &gt;&gt; or you going to go in for it? You going to gamble? &gt;&gt; Chris Taran, you going to go? &gt;&gt; He's got it right. &gt;&gt; Six out of six. throw your percent. &gt;&gt; You're joint top already. &gt;&gt; So, to be fair, if you take the the clue and get it right, you'll still be top. &gt;&gt; Play the percentages here, Jim. I would. It might it might help you. It might not. &gt;&gt; If you get the clue, you're still top of the league. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; it's split three ways as it stands, but you could go stand alone top was seven. If you get it right after the clue, &gt;&gt; I think you have 10 seconds, Jimmy saying, to make a decision. &gt;&gt; Oh, look at my phone. I just got text. I mean, it's so I mean, you have pretty much &gt;&gt; Hang on, Jimmy. You'll be DQed if your phone does not go in your pocket. &gt;&gt; Why don't you go for the clue and then go from there? It might jog a memory. &gt;&gt; Yeah, if you get the clue, you got you got more chance, won't you? I suppose. &gt;&gt; Go on then. Give me the clue. &gt;&gt; Here we go. The clue is &gt;&gt; Come on, Jim. &gt;&gt; As it stands, I boast an impressive 100% KO ratio. So, no, it doesn't help with the name, I'm afraid. &gt;&gt; And I in your gym. &gt;&gt; Second. &gt;&gt; I reckon it might just &gt;&gt; take an E. You done? &gt;&gt; Right. All right, we're going to give him a 10 count. &gt;&gt; Um, &gt;&gt; one, two, three, four, five, &gt;&gt; six, &gt;&gt; seven, &gt;&gt; done. &gt;&gt; Eight. &gt;&gt; The tail's in. &gt;&gt; Oh, it's over. &gt;&gt; Been punched. &gt;&gt; Jamie, do you want to do the honors? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Terram Moana. Terram Moana. &gt;&gt; So good. They named him twice. &gt;&gt; See, that weren't really like John, was it? &gt;&gt; I mean, it wasn't quite difficult. Jeremana as you thought he was good. &gt;&gt; Jerem still a fantastic performance, mate. &gt;&gt; We'll put you overlapping somewhere. &gt;&gt; Do I get six and a half? Because I knew it was &gt;&gt; afraid not. Sorry. But as it stands, &gt;&gt; Brenford Romford leading the way. Look, where's Georgia from? Guilford, is he? &gt;&gt; Guilford. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Still still. Um, &gt;&gt; look Jim, you are technically top. &gt;&gt; So, can you can you be happy with that? &gt;&gt; Uh, well, I knew all four of them. I suppose &gt;&gt; you can't have it all, mate. had a good week. You know, sometimes it's good to keep your feet on the ground a little bit. &gt;&gt; Thanks for coming down, mate. Appreciate it. &gt;&gt; Enjoy your holiday, mate. &gt;&gt; Thank you, mate. &gt;&gt; Thanks for coming on, mate. Legend. Well, it was on November 30th of 2024 that Gavin Gwyn and Cameron Vong first went to war in Birmingham. They return to Birmingham next month on November the 29th on the Ben Whitaker undercard. Our trusty colleague Josh Wright caught up with both guys ahead of their highly anticipated collision once again. Cameron, the rematch finally locked in. Uh, how excited are you to shut a lot of people? I see smiling already. How excited are you to shut a lot of people up on November 29th? &gt;&gt; I can't wait. That's what I'm most looking forward to. I don't even want to say too much cuz I just want to let me performance do the talking. I want a superstar performance &gt;&gt; and then shut everyone. &gt;&gt; It's been almost it will be almost 12 months of the day when the rematch finally happens. How do you think you've improved as a fighter in that time? &gt;&gt; Oh, leaps and bounds. Uh just the experience, the time in the gym doing the rounds. Um obviously I've been moved so fast. So that was the main thing. It was the experience getting the rounds under me belt. Obviously changed team, learned so much in a year. So I believe it's going to be a different fight this time around. &gt;&gt; When you turned professional, was it always in your mind to move this quickly? Obviously this you've had nine professional fights and you were fighting people that probably wouldn't be people wouldn't normally fight against until they've had double the amount of fights. Did you always have that in your mind that you wanted to move quickly? &gt;&gt; Probably not. But when the phone rings and they give us a name, I just say yes. So that's what it was really. I don't think I really even realized the first time around. No, I say this with no disrespect, but I didn't really know who Gav was. So I watched him and I just said yes. Um I probably underestimated him a little bit. He's a very He's a quality operator. He's good at what he does. People don't realize, I think, cuz he's not pleasing on the eye. people don't realize how good he actually is. &gt;&gt; Do you think that separates you from a lot of the other prospects in this country in particular that you're willing to take on these tasks and these challenges so early on in your career? &gt;&gt; Definitely. But I was I also think like this is why prospects are scared cuz when it gets a bit sticky in there and you have a few hard moments, you lose a couple rounds or people are saying that you lost, they can't deal with it. So that's what people are avoiding. But what they don't realize is the experience. You can never take that away. a lot of prospects that knock over everyone that you put in front of them and then as soon as the step we get found out. So that's not what I want to happen and it will not happen. &gt;&gt; Has it been difficult at all in the last 12 months to to deal with people that have criticized you or had things to say about you? Has that been was it difficult to start with? How have you coped with that? &gt;&gt; Definitely it was definitely difficult at the start. You know, I used to read every comment and why he said that and then you you're DM you're DMing some middle-aged guy called Paul cuz he said something about you. But now now I just turn the comments off. I don't listen I don't read it. I don't let it get in me head. But at first it was definitely different. You know, you come from the amateurs. There's none of that. &gt;&gt; Do you do you feel that you've learned that with experience? Obviously you're still very young, but with experience you've learned how to cope with that. I feel like for being young, I've been through a lot in a in a short space of time. I feel like it can only do as good. &gt;&gt; Has this fight become maybe more personal to you because of the stuff that Gavin's also had to say since the first fight? &gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely. Um, I know Gav, he's not a bad person, but this fight definitely is personal to me just off the off the back of the stick I've had. &gt;&gt; So, like you said at the start, I just want to shut shut the people up. Will that make victory even more sweeter then when you do put not just him up but everyone up it will make this one% &gt;&gt; like I feel like since the fight happened I feel like it's been a bit of a a monkey on me back I can't wait to rip it off on uh on November 29th &gt;&gt; I've just got a quote from something that Gavin said recently he says I just want to go in go in there and put a demolition job on this guy and just go through him like a train. What do you make of that and what what sort of mistake is he making thinking that? &gt;&gt; Good. It's good. That's what I wanted to say. That's what I wanted to do. Um, but he's going to come this time. &gt;&gt; He feels like the pressure is going to get to you. That's what reading some of his comments. But it &gt;&gt; how can he say that? He give us everything. I took his best as a as a baby in my seventh pro fight. The pressure didn't get to us then. So, I'm a year on, a year stronger, a year better. He's the same. He's old. So, he's a year older. He's got a few aches and pains. If any if anything, I'm going to be stronger this fight and he's he's in trouble. &gt;&gt; What percentage do you think we saw of Cameron Vong's potential in that first fight? &gt;&gt; Like 30%. 20% 30%. Um that's that's just a tiny bit of what I can do. I was doing all the wrong things in there and making so many mistakes and that's why we're here so that the second fight it's not in dispute with with who. Is that what do you think's probably quite a scary thing for Gavin to realize that he probably thinks that he's seen the best of you, but in fact you've actually got so much more left in the tank. &gt;&gt; Exactly that. Exactly that. &gt;&gt; Where do you think Gavin goes with a defeat to you on November 29th? &gt;&gt; Back to the building site, didn't he? &gt;&gt; He said he likes his job, so it shouldn't be too much of a problem for him. &gt;&gt; And then where do you think you go on from here? What would you like to do in 2026? &gt;&gt; Um, whatever me thinks is best. Um, like you said, I'll probably be moved a little bit too fast. So, whatever Ben and Lee think are the next best steps, then that's what we'll go with. &gt;&gt; Gavin, it'll be almost exactly 12 months since the first fight with Cameron. What have &gt;&gt; I think it is exactly a year. Um, no, it was on the 30th a year ago. So, it's on the It's on the 29th uh this time round. So, yeah, I've only had to wait a year. It's not too bad. How has the last 12 months been for you both personally um and professionally? &gt;&gt; Um not too good if I'm quite honest. Um obviously after the last fight I've struggled to get um I struggled to get fights. So um a lot of sponsors dropped out. Um so I've had to go back to work. I've had to go back on the building site. But you know I still had that drive. So, I was getting up at 5:00 in the morning, still doing my runs, still doing the road work, going to work all day, and then coming home and going to the gym in the night. Um, I had a fight a couple of couple of months ago, but I had to pay pay out my own pocket to have have a fight just to get back in the ring sort of thing. Um, yeah, it's it hasn't been nice and it hasn't been pretty, but to be honest you, it's been like my own career. So, it's nothing ever changes with me. Like, so just take it with a pinch of salt. I know I like I just take things as it comes now. So, and I I knew I knew Eddie would uh keep to his word and give me that opportunity. So, and I'm just glad he have here. &gt;&gt; You said that you've sort of had to deal with these sort of things throughout your whole career, but &gt;&gt; is this this situation in particular, the fact the outcome of the first fight, you feel so strongly that you won that fight? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Has this do you have that extra motivation going into this fight with everything you've had to deal with the last 12 months? Obviously, you want to get the right outcome this time. &gt;&gt; Yeah, 100%. like I can't use it as angle or anything but I just use it as motivation more than anything just to for them early mornings when you got to wake up I just use it just use it as fuel to the fire sort of thing and um I think that's one thing I've done my whole career um people have counted me out most nine times out of 10 they count me out and uh I just keep getting back up and doing what I do and uh I get I get back to where I want to be and um I think November Nomber 29th is going to be one of them nights where they're going to I'm I'm going to be back on notice and um yeah back in the limelight so to speak. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Have you or how many times have you watched the first fight back? &gt;&gt; Not not very much to be honest you. I watched it about two or three times and that's sitting down with someone else watching them not really taking notice of it because I was the one in there taking the shot sort of thing. I did watch it back the next day just to um watch it through without the commentary on as well and um 64 and that's being generous to Cameron and that's what I scored it to myself six rounds to four but obviously it being up in in the away corner you you you're two rounds before you even start but I think going into this next fight now I think it's going to be a level playing field I think the judges will owe me to keep me a level playing field. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Obviously in the ring you felt that you won the fight. When you watched it back the next day, did that just reinforce everything that you felt in &gt;&gt; Yeah, 100%. Like obviously straight after the fight that was done with boxing. I was literally done. I I thought that's it. Um I'm I'm over this. Jumped out of the ring. Eddie grabbed hold of me. He was like, "Nah, we'll get this again. We'll get the rematch on." Went back in the ring. And then we had like a back and forth in the ring and Eddie was talking to the crowd and they all wanted it. Um, and they all thought that I won the fight. They were all cheering me and boo booing Cameron sort of thing. And uh, so I thought, ah, do you know what? He's he's got my back beer. He's going to get a rematch, but I've had to wait 365 days, but um, slowly but surely um, you've come through with it. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Why do you think it's taken 12 months for this fight to be made? He's young obviously. I said at the start like um the first fight uh he's got he got a big set of balls on him for taking the fight. Um obviously against someone with the the accolades that I got and the sort of style I am. Um but that's that's probably the fighter in him as well cuz I've never said no to to any sort of fight. But um they probably saw my fight against Mark Chamberlain and thought, "Oh, he's done. He's washed up. But honestly, I thought that was just down to injury. I I got injured in the first like 40 seconds. Couldn't see. But they they probably thought he's 35. No, 34. I was then. Um he's done. He's over the hill sort of thing. But um yeah, I've got I've still got loads left in the tank. Like I've I'm like a spring chicken. &gt;&gt; You haven't actually had that many professional fights, have you? When you think you're 35 years old, is it 22 fight 23? 23. Is it 23 fights? Yeah. &gt;&gt; You actually probably do have quite a lot of miles left in the tank. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And obviously I only started boxing when I was 20. &gt;&gt; So I've only been at this game for 15 years. Whereas the likes of someone who's been boxing since they were 10 is 25 now. They they known as a prospect sort of thing. So I've only really got bad um wear and tear for the past like five, six years like. So yeah, I'm still young. I'm still fresh. I'm still jumping over the young boy's heads in the gym. So, yeah. &gt;&gt; Do you think that Cameron was sat where you were earlier and he says &gt;&gt; that he believes that he's taken the best of what you can dish out, but he believes you've only seen 20 to 30% of him. Do you still feel like you've got extra gears to go through and that will shock Cameron again on November? &gt;&gt; Yeah, 100%. Obviously, the first fight it was my first fight with um Gary Lockett. Um so, I was resorting to the old Gavin Gwin, so Gary's like tweaking me all the time. So we've had that extra was it 14 15 months to work together. Um so he's going to see a different me as well. Even though it's going to be a war from me, I'm I'm it's going to be a little bit different and uh more educated, let's say. Yeah, &gt;&gt; Scott, I must say after backto back fight weeks, it's quite nice to not have a fight week. &gt;&gt; You can say that again. Don't say it too loudly, but yeah. No, it is. But I mean to be fair with the the schedule we got coming up, I guess it's um recharging the batteries before a bit of a mammoth run. &gt;&gt; What was your experience like on Friday at your call? &gt;&gt; Uh challenging is probably a a good word. As great as your call is and the the history and everything to it. It's obviously um how can I say in the nicest possible way hasn't got the luxury of backstage facilities as maybe you know an O2 would have. So to give you a bit of context, our colleague Josh was um man of the socials. He had to actually abandon your call and go into the hotel over the road to use highspeed internet. So, I didn't even know. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So, it does come with challenges, but in a weird sort of way, it kind of adds to the the whole experience. I guess &gt;&gt; it was interesting what Eddie was saying like every couple of months. &gt;&gt; We got the young guns. It's enough young talent to to get them out, showcase them at the top of the bill. I often feel sometimes maybe younger fighters could get overshadowed, you know, at the low end of a card. So, to give them sort of top billing, &gt;&gt; more eyes on them, I guess. &gt;&gt; Yeah. It was tight though. So like when so I was on the I presented the show with Tony and like when you'd do a link into the next fight or whatever our little preview chat you'd sneak around the side of the stage and the fighter would be stood there waiting but it was a bit surreal. &gt;&gt; I mean even backstage going up the stairway you're going in one change room. Obviously there was two female fights so that sort of um you know halves the the dressing room access but you go up the stairs backstage literally an old wooden corridor and then you're just in someone else's change room in a bit of a box and they're looking at you. So yeah um interesting should we say. um back back of house. &gt;&gt; Yeah, George was good, wasn't he? &gt;&gt; Very good. Very good. I don't think too many people called that and the the manner it happened to be fair. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think in the manner the manner it happened, you know. I think like when you're heading into a fight, it's always you look at the experience man and you say, is it too soon? You know, it's our job to ask the questions, you know, is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Major too good to experience, but it was the the sharpness, the speed of hand and foot, the precision, the accuracy, really impressive. He's a really good all round performance like you say there and more so I didn't realize I think he shared it yesterday on his socials how he called it back in February. So it's a big call for him you know I guess a fight or two beforehand. So he he's sort of took this into existence and fair play to him. I mean there's some really intriguing domestic defenses ahead probably against other fighters from different promoters you maybe like a Heene or a Bentley maybe. So interesting to see how he goes from there. I think the European title is being &gt;&gt; next month that's being fought for in France I think. &gt;&gt; Correct. So I guess they might be keeping an eye out for that. But you know where if if you go to that sort of level it's going to be hard to drop back. So &gt;&gt; yeah, you can't really can you? &gt;&gt; True. &gt;&gt; This week though it is a fight week for Queensbury. Our friends now over at Queensbury of course Joseph Parker against Fabio Wardley at the O2. I'm going as a fan which I love. &gt;&gt; What was the last fight you went to as a fan? &gt;&gt; Um Usyk Dubois. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Sign an autograph in the crowd. &gt;&gt; I was battered. I felt it, you know, the next day I woke up and I was like, &gt;&gt; "Yeah, &gt;&gt; I can't remember if I've told that story if I about the Q&amp;A thing I went to." &gt;&gt; Uh, you told me. I don't think you've &gt;&gt; Darren was on stage and he shouted out like, "Oh, Jamie Ward's here." Jamie, honestly, mate, I was all over the place. It was like &gt;&gt; or something. &gt;&gt; Yeah. He's like, "Who do you want Joseph Parker to fight next?" or something or Dubois, who do you want Dubois to fight next? And I was I was trying to say that Dubois should fight Picoli, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; But I said Polei should fight Parker. &gt;&gt; Right. Okay. It was obviously not he'd already knocked him out like the other week. It was completely Yeah. &gt;&gt; So I remember Darren was on stage and he was like they were talking about who Dubois should fight next and I was on a table like Adam Catch, Gareth Davis and &gt;&gt; what was this like a little Q&amp;A? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Sort of like an after dinner thing and I was like oh Picoli versus Parker right obviously they've just they thought a couple of months before it was not remotely relevant to what anyone was talking about and then I was like no the the line stumbled bumbled my way through it and yeah I woke up next day and rang down. And I was like, mate, like what what did I say in that Q&amp;A? Like I'm really anxious. &gt;&gt; Has he streamed? I might go back and watch it. &gt;&gt; I hope not. But like people were messaging me messaging me being like, "So nice to meet you yesterday, man." &gt;&gt; No, it was fine. &gt;&gt; I mean, what a fight though this weekend. Um, good one for me to watch &gt;&gt; at home live on the zone of course. Um, two of boxing's good guys as well. I mean, know them both pretty well from &gt;&gt; their various fights across the match from um, shows down the years. I wouldn't like to call it to be fair, similar to last week's fight we had on Friday. I can see a case for any outcome, but I mean high high stakes. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's been on a great run, Joe. Been on an amazing run, hasn't he? And certainly has the experience and the level that he's boxed at on his side. But Fabio, you just cannot write him off. And he does have this fearlessness about him as well, which I think makes him so dangerous. &gt;&gt; And he's proved, you know, a few times now, but particularly in that fight with Justice Hoodi that he can be way down on the scorecards and find that shot. &gt;&gt; The equalizer lights up. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's got it. He's got that that one punch power to to to end the fight at any moment. And you know, it's interesting what Eddie was saying. He thinks it's a difficult style for him. I think it might actually be a better style for him than Hoon was. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Interesting. The other talking point is maybe Joseph Parker's inactivity where he's had to wait. &gt;&gt; Yeah. For the &gt;&gt; He's been hard done by, I think. &gt;&gt; Of course. Yeah. But I suppose when you're hunting down the undisputed champion, you're going to have to be a bit patient. But will that play a part? So yeah, honestly I wouldn't like to to say anything. &gt;&gt; I'm excited to be fair and I'll be sober this time and I'll be myself. If you see me at the O2, you didn't. &gt;&gt; I want to say right, we've been on set here for what, eight weeks now. That fight camp book to my left shoulder. It's been perched there. We actually had an email uh during the week from I'll get the gentleman's name. One second. It was from Elliot Dean. Again, might be one of your friends. I'm not sure. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; Elliot Dean was asking, "What's in this book &gt;&gt; to the left of me?" &gt;&gt; Well, Elliot, if I told you, I'd have to know. I'm only joking. It is. Uh, so after the first fight camp, Covid, our photographer and good friend Mark Robinson, who covers all our shows, has done for years, isn't he now? Very generously actually just got that made, didn't he? And gave it to &gt;&gt; I mean, we were a much smaller team. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's true. &gt;&gt; I don't think he'd do it now because it would cost him a fortune. &gt;&gt; Every staff member, I think, got one. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it was. One of the nicest gifts I can ever remember having at the time. I remember we were all a bit taken back by it cuz it's it was a crazy experience. The whole thing was a bit mental, wasn't it? It was a very crazy time for for the world, of course. And to have that and look back on it is is uh it's a really nice thing to have on the coffee table to be fair. And it was just, as I say, I mean hopefully, God willing, we'll never have to experience anything like that ever again. But, you know, there was some some mental times in that bubble, like just the logistics and the faces we had in it at times. You know, &gt;&gt; I quite liked it. Every now and again, you get like repeat recurring characters because obviously they had fighters on week one and then week three. Um, it felt a bit like a I have to say game show is probably the wrong word, but to have that sort of recurring element of like, you know, who's going to pop up this week was was quite fun. But yeah, in the book Elliot he was asking yeah photos of us a lot playing cricket, football, karaoke. Obviously the fighters were getting involved with mingling with everyone. Um and as you say wild times depending how long ago it was but &gt;&gt; yeah few highlights &gt;&gt; cool of the cricket. Well the cricket became a big thing didn't it actually it was live on Sky Sports News once. &gt;&gt; The late great Shane commentated on an over. &gt;&gt; And who was batting? &gt;&gt; Was it Tony Belleu? &gt;&gt; Tony Belle was bowling. I was batting Shane War to be commentating over me. That's I've still got a clip. &gt;&gt; But like when you think about that, I mean in itself that is insane. &gt;&gt; Mental. Absolutely. &gt;&gt; A bunch of Wallies playing stick cricket in a bloody hit and run cricket in a in a field at the holiday in Brenwood. I mean Yeah. And and I just remember Dillian White, you know, when he stayed in that RV, didn't he? Over a little fence. And you did a tweet that went pretty viral, didn't you? Dillian, can we have our ball back? And he replied, no. &gt;&gt; And uh the best bit, Gareth A. Davis, keen cricketer, bought his own bat in out first ball. &gt;&gt; Literally first ball. Yeah. Had bigged himself up all week and then bang. I think he he clean bow. I can't remember who. &gt;&gt; I think he Darren Flu caught him. I think he works for match room. Yeah, he caught him. &gt;&gt; Brilliant. &gt;&gt; I'm pretty sure. But yeah, that was a &gt;&gt; a mad old time. I actually brought it up, I think, the other day in the office and cuz obviously we did the second one, didn't we, with the fans and I think it's something they wouldn't say no to doing again. &gt;&gt; I always thought like it could have been quite fun for like a festival boxing. Maybe you had like a two after a few days. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And you had like a wristband. You can come to both or whatnot, but yeah, I don't think you could probably do it at the garden. &gt;&gt; Few techno DJs on the corner. &gt;&gt; Why not? Yeah. But, you know, the food element of the second one was was interesting and the fights were great. So, yeah, like you say, hopefully it never happens again, but fond memories looking back. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, anyway, we have a non-fight week as I say this week. I will be at the O2 this week. Can't wait for that one. Live on the zone. Remember, do not miss it. Massive fight in boxing's glamour division. Joseph Parker against Fabio Wardley. How do you see that one going? Thanks very much to our guests this week, promoter Eddie Hearn. Thanks to Sky Nicholson, our new English middleweight and Commonwealth silver middleweight champion Jimmy Sainz. Thanks to Cameron Vong and Gavin Gwyn. Can't wait for that rematch up in Birmingham on November the 29th. And thanks to producer Scott, of course, for all his tireless work behind the scenes. Try not to get into too much trouble in Monaco, by the way. &gt;&gt; I won't, mate. Nad down. &gt;&gt; Eddie says you can come on the yacht and &gt;&gt; nah. I mean, got Stony on now. &gt;&gt; Serve him lunch. &gt;&gt; Um, thanks very much for watching though. As always, give us a like, a subscribe, a rating, you know, all the usual jazz. I don't actually know the terminology, so I just made that up. But you know the score. Thanks very much for watching Flash Knockdown. Thanks for your support, and we'll see you next week. What a shot. [Applause]