Kind: captions Language: en in the world. And in comes the challenger. And a lot of smart money riding on this guy tonight, Barry Mcwigan. Yeah. Well, the contest feel that he's going to find a way to get himself up for this fight. He knows that there's a potential fight with Eubank down the line. And they feel and there's all sorts of rumors coming from training camps that Ben has not been in the best of shape. and that was the reason why the fight was postponed and not this supposed injury. So the the smart money from a punter's point of view will be ready on Lu Jen, but uh you know he's a hell of a task in front of him and he's got the large share of support tonight. [Applause] He has put in 11 weeks training. He's gone to Tenneref. He's trained, my goodness, like a madman some say. He styles himself the English rookie. Lethal weapon Lou. We shall see. Here's his manager on the left with the dark hair, Greg Stein. The biggest night of Lou Jent's life. As Barry has quite rightly said, at stake for the winner lies Chris Eubank. Multi-million dollar rematch. Eubank against Ben. Jent could throw one enormous spammer into those words. He looks mean. He looks focused. Whether he will still look mean and focused at the end of the fight, well, that is open to argument. Now, as you know, if you're a boxing fan, Nigel Ben gets into the ring to the sounds of Big Ben. [Music] The chimes of the dark destroyer, the WBC super middleweight champion of the world, Nigel Ben. [Music] Here [Music] he comes. [Music] defense corner tonight. The usual team of Jimmy Tibs and Dean Pal and Peter Travis. Fabulous atmosphere, Barry. Fantastic. Yes, one of the best atmosphere I've seen in a long time. Tremendous atmosphere indeed. And this is going to be an exciting match. No matter how long it lasts, you can be promised that there's going to be a second. So, folks, don't go away. It's going to be a cracker. Oh, you bet. Let's not forget that the opposition camp with Greg Ste, they've already had a world champion in the shape of Dennis Andrew looking for their second tonight. [Music] We will know very quickly whether these rumors of trouble in the Ben camp as regards his training schedule. We'll know very quickly whether or not there's any substance in those rumors. I suspect not with so much at stake but you never know. Well, it's a hard play for him to get himself up for. Will you hear the roar when he gets through these ropes? He's got some support here inside. [Applause] [Music] Not a lot of booze, rather more chairs for Nigel B. [Applause] And the first thing I notic is they're wearing the South American gloves, the rares. They're punching gloves and they were shoot. [Applause] ladies and gentlemen. Well, a quick word about the officials tonight. It's an all British clash. We have all British officials. We have referee Larry O Connell from England. We have referee, we have judges rather who score in the shape of Mickey Van from England, Adrien Morgan of Wales and Billy Rapidity of Scotland. We have a 10-point must system in operation. The winner of a round gets 10 points. The loser nine or if there's a knockdown or if the round is particularly one-sided, the loser gets eight. And we have a mandatory eight count. It's being fought under WBC rules. [Applause] South London, I tell you, is deserted tonight. They're all here. [Applause] Only two men have beaten Nigel Ben Watson. And uh I tell you, we're not used to hearing booze from Nigel Ben Barry. Well, I think they're from the Lent Ireland supporters and he's got a hell of a lot from here tonight. A lot of Ben people will say this is going to be a walk over. I'm going to be saving the money for the big one that comes up in uh possibly October, but I can tell you what, he's got a fight in his hand tonight. This guy would give him a letter. So, let's wait for this opening bell and just see how things work out. It could be a very intriguing match indeed. [Applause] They build it as the English Rocky against the Dark Destroyer. Mario Connell needs a strong referee this contest. This is it. This is 12 rounds of boxing for the WBC Super Middleweight Championship of the World. Nigel Ben, the champion, Lewis Gent, the challenger. Your commentators on Eurosport and on Crowbox all over the world. David Gro, Barry McBr. This is round one. Yes, as I mentioned just before the opening ber that they're wearing raised gloves which suits Ben cuz he's a very solid puncher and it with these gloves the punches stick especially early in the fight when there's not too much sweat and grease and basing around but then looking for Jen in the early rounds in particular and and and Jen would want to weather this storm in the early rounds. He want to take care of himself. He's tuck up nice and tight. Expect an onslaught from Ben and just pick his punches, but not to trade too much with him. And he's done quite well. Gently keeping that job working out. Ben's feet are firmly planted to the floor. Oh, what a good man from him. Yeah, this is the sort of fight that Nigel Ben likes. He likes an opponent to come on to him. He likes He likes a punch up. Yeah, he's losing a lot of upper body movement and just staying just outside of punching range from J. J's coming far and back himself. He's punching with power. And at this weight, this guy is definitely very strong and very robust. And let's not remember that Maro Galvano caught Nigel Ben and nearly stopped him in round 12 of their last World Tribal fight. Yes, it was too late or too late on Galvano's behalf, but he hit him with a cracking punch. And had that have happened in a minute and a half into the round instead of the last 10 seconds, it could have been very interesting indeed. Bed with the jab there and a good solid left turn [Applause] is looking good and he's not afraid to miss it with Ben. He's landed a couple of good shots himself and that last one in particular right hand made Ben stumbled back slightly. So he's not afraid to to mix it with B. He's been quite prepared in these early runs to take punches with him. Oh, what a right hand. This is good from this is good from J. He's not in the slightest bit over by Ben. Let me rephrase that. Ben is not in big trouble, but he's in trouble there. He was caught with a good solid right hand around the side of the head. And that'll give Jen huge encouragement. Yeah, this guy knows what he's about. Oh, finally. These punches are not very close from both fighters. This is one good opening round. There's no feeling out here. These guys are really firing one. In goes Ben. Good shot. Most of them hit B hit Lent on the arms, but [Applause] the bench using lots of upper body movement, but he's not moving his leg. He's still in touch. That's a good line for Lee line. And the J finished on top. [Music] Well, I'd have to give that round a gent. I really would. Here's his record. And you look at that record and it looks average, but he's been in for a lot of titles. He's fought a lot of good fighters and he's f he's found his true weight at 12 stone. Now over the other side of the ring, Nigel Ben. Just the two men to beat him, Michael Watson and Chris Eubank who both stopped him. But what comes to mind immediately when you see Ben being pushed back is that last 10 seconds of the Galvano fight and his punch resistance was going there. This is Jen Slaw at the end of the round forces Ben back to the corner and really tease off on him. Not afraid to mix it in this first round at work for the action, folks. Second round. Ben in the black trunks. Gent in the maroon. Oh, good right hand from Ben. A short left to the floating red ball. Ben switching his attack to the body now. And if Jen is in trouble coming down to this weight, he he'll be fine watching with these body shots. Jen's got a box or Ben's got a box here. He can't afford to mix too much with this guy. It's a very hot night. It's very sticky and humid in here. And if he starts off too fast, he'll wear himself out. He's got to use his boxing ability, use his speed to start working the bottom. [Applause] The little little mark underneath Jet's left eye. He came into the ring with that holder. a little bit of uh training memories. Yeah, I can see that every one of his shots, he's really grunting and putting his weight behind him. So, that's great if they land, but if they don't and really wear a multiple around him, if he doesn't get lucky on one of these shots, he's going to be in trouble later on. J's been foxing now. He's keeping his composure and standing back and he's allowing Ben to come at him again and force his hand. I feel that N should be boxing here using his boxing ability. Oh, a good shot from Ben just missed. Back goes J. Most of those punches over his head. Trying up for an uppercut. [Applause] You see, Nigel's mixing with a bigger man, a stronger man, and you know, if he doesn't come out on top on these early rounds, he's he's going to get really tired in the later stages. So, he's got to get on his boxing and get to his boxing now and get on his bike or step side to side and use his boxing ability to use his jab cuz we know that he can box, but he's trying to fight with this guy and he's a bigger man. And to us at ringside and maybe you at home, it's so apparent that Ben is the smaller of these two men. Jent physically superior. Those body shots of Ben are very strong indeed. And that's the things he should look at the way J's keeping his hands down, tucking his elbows in nice and tight. Kind of watch those body shots in B. N's come out to rough and tumble this guy. I'm not sure that's the right thing to do. Good right again. body shot. That's good. That's better. He should be getting on the jab and then whacking the body shots in. Better round for Ben. This is a stronger round for him. Yeah. Well, on my card, first round. Second round for this man, the champion, Nigel Ben. Three British judges, remember? Mickey Van of England, Adrien Morgan of Wales, Billy Rapid of Scotland. Good stuff so far. There's good attacks here from Ben as well. Forcing gent back to the gloves, but a lot of the powerful punches are actually hitting gent on the arms and around the side of the gloves and not hitting him on the head or getting through. He's got through with a couple of good body shots, but really putting his weight and and digging his heels in. And as I say, this leaves him in a position for for Jen to come back at him. did come back in this round, but I have to give that line to them just by a fraction. Championship boxing. This promotion sponsored by the Daily Mirror and Sunday Mirror. It's a matching promotion. You're watching it on Proox. [Applause] Good work again from Ben to the body. He's picking those shots well. Going around the side of the elbows, which is good. He's not trying to hit him on the arms or try to hit him on the solar plexes because Jen's protecting you. He's whacking him around in the floor. Yeah, Jen's displaying good defense. Up and down. Left hook. The left hook. Fabulous left foot. Left foot left. Seven. Super upper eight. Looks to be okay here, but Ben's going to go back and surely. Ben's a good finisher. [Applause] looking for the finish here. Well, Jen fighting back superbly well. Oh, look at this from Jen. Oh. Oh, this is Chen spits blood comes back. Jesus. What a way to come back from a knockdown. Oh, this is a good one. Oh, what a well title fight this is. That was a superb shot from Ben. I thought the gent was definitely on his way out. He's coming all back. And I'll tell you, Ben doesn't look too solid on the legs right now. Can you come on? Oh, a left right combination. I don't think he's going to recover from this. He's very good at just recovering again. His eyes are looking giving him every chance. Oh, he's going to give him every chance. One more knock. This fight will be over. In fact, a sustained attack from Ben could cut it off anyway. But Ben's got to watch himself. He's made himself very open on his way in. And Jake's coming firing back again. Oh, right hand. Been in trouble. I've never seen a round like this in boxing. Unbelievable. Oh, right hand again. Ben's in trouble. This is some stuff. This is one of the great rounds of world title boxing of all time. He sure is. And there's still time left. Last 15 on the exchange. Punch Jen is actually staying st and down again. That's it. He's not done if he gets off the balcony. [Applause] Obviously not rules. Those are American rules. Yeah. Three solid three solid left foots. Let's have a look at all three knockdowns. Absolutely. Beautiful shots. The gent standing right when he's exchanging punches, he moves his head right there. That left hook was a cracker. It was like a left hook, left jab, followed by following the right hand. The left hook, left jab. And watch this one. Boom. Right hand again. Left hook just to top it off. J. This is the finishing off left just at the end of the round. I thought it was the end for left. Beautiful cracking shot picking his punches very well. Let's not forget that Ben did look very shaky in that one. Very sick indeed. Ben can finish it this round. Jen can finish it this round. It's that kind of fight. Round four. Oh, Ben under cracking red again. And J back on his hunches. In goes Ben for the finish. He's a cracking finisher, but he did leave himself over and down. Please time check on the count. This is it. I think hasn't got much. It's all over. [Applause] It's all over. [Applause] Well, the Ben Cam are ecstatic. Here comes a multi-million dollar payday against Chris Eubank. What a fight. What a finish. Here we have the finish again. Solid right hand to start the round off. Bang them around the body. Q right short right uppercut and then he clipped him around the side with a right hand. Watch this and bang. That was the one that got him down in his hunches. Missed him with the right uppercut, but the right hand side had done enough. And really was the accumulation of knockdowns. And here we go again. Right hand around the side and that was enough. He's on five. And that is the time we have to leave it tonight. We'll be back with you on Tuesday, the pros from the house. But for now with the news that Nigel Ben is still a world champion and will fight for you back next time out in David