Kind: captions Language: en Oh no. Oh no. The reach. We shall see. First of six between Dev and Silva. He shot Dev in the black trunks. Made quick work of his first pro opponent in January in Vegas. If he gets through this, no problem. The word is that he will be back in action in about a month's time when Matroom heads to the Star in Fris for Bam Rodriguez's showdown with Kathu. Yeah, I want to see that one. Should be a good night in Texas. He's got to get through Silva first. Oh, good body. He felt that. See the arms closed. trying to make sure he don't get through there again. He's getting through with those straight punches as well. I like how he's keeping his distance. He working. He's working at the end of Silva's trying to go for his first win in the US. last two fights were in Texas. Both were losses. His opponent's record at the time that he's faced them is a combined 18-1. But he's also faced three opponents who were making their pro debuts. This is obviously Dev's second pro fight after a very accomplished amateur career. And now he's applying some pressure here in the second half of round number one. I like how he's making sure not to smother himself. Keep keeping the defense tight. Good deep. Nice com those close-range punches. He working in the inside. Bring it up the middle. I would like for him to bring the the body shots around the outside. Nice. Whip him behind the elbow. See when he goes for the high guard like that. Good move. Nice. Oh, he's live. Silva. Yeah. Not coming to lay down. He's been a pro for about seven and a half years. And this is what the camp of Nishan Dev want. They want the tests early on out of the gate. Wasn't able to get it in January. The test is what make you know that you're you're you're where you're supposed to be and you haven't get tested. When the time comes, it's going to be foreign to you. D led by his trainer Ronald Sims. when he was getting ready to turn pro, he moved out to Vegas and was training in a number of boxing gyms in Sin City. Then after his pro debut, went back to India, cleared up some visa issues and headed over to Houston with Sims, working at the Jrince gym. Been in a a tightknit family-like atmosphere. Those were his words. training in that gym with the likes of Shakur Stevenson is able to spar Shakur leading up to this fight. You know, Raymond Ford works out of there as well. Zquin Moses who you're going to see on the main card. Definitely great work in that gym. I've been around all those guys, training with them, so I know the energy that they that they they each bring. Here's Silva's corner yelling out, "Dudo, Dudo, stay durable." I'm glad you said that cuz I didn't know what that meant. I only know that because it was a nickname of a previous fighter that we've had on here on before the bell and he was durable. Nice body work here on Before the Bell. It's been showcased from the two match room fighters that we've seen thus far. Deon the short sample, Adam Maka breaking down his opponent with body shots. Nice. Oo, good angles. Nishant Dev hoping to become India's first boxing superstar. I like I like how he box. [Music] You just got to be a little more confident. It feels like Khalil watching the body language of Nishan. It's almost as if he's just waiting for sell someone to tell him to press the button. Yeah. Absolutely. And hit turbo mode. Absolutely. You can see that he he's capable of it, but he's he's wait. He's waiting on that sign, you know, from the other fighter or for his team to give him the go ahead. Cuz sometimes you see that you get the you get the you get the okay from just watching the opponent. Good two-punch combo with that long reach from Nishan Dev. [Applause] Good body. See, he's starting to lean forward. Yep. Makes those body shots and the attempts a bit easier. [Applause] It's moments like that that Dev hasn't taken advantage of just yet. It feels like it's just a matter of time. Definitely. They're gonna It's what the second round. They're going to start He's going to start to to to slow down and then he's going to have his way. He has to invest to that body first. He has to invest invest invest. Based on what we've seen thus far, the openings are there for Dev. Silva have to tighten up, make some adjustments. Feels like Dev is just lurking in the weeds at the moment. But Silva's he's he's landing like like sporadically. He'll land like a a big overhand. You know what I mean? He Dev can't can't keep allowing that to happen because it only takes one shot to change a fight. There you see Ronald Sims. He is the connection between Dev and the Stevenson circle. Obviously Shakur's coach in the past. Yeah, I know him. Good coach. Real real stern. Start of round three again scheduled for six at 154 pounds. Dave an Olympic quarterfinalist in 2024, a bronze medalist at the 2023 World Championships, and now the tempo picked up out of the gate here in round three. They gave him the they gave him the okay. Kind of can see it in his eyes, too. Good faint. He He's He's showing everything. He's falling for every faint. Yeah, the traps are being laid. Mhm. That was kind of low. Silva trying to get into a body shot from the left side. Oh, good close-range action from Nishant Dev. Solid body shot again. You know, one piece of advice from Shakur Stevenson that Dev said he's kept with him as he lands a left hook to the chin. He said Shakur advised him about punching in his own range and then getting out, not punching sort of in your opponent's range and let them take a shot at scoring at you. Yeah. You Yeah. There's a This is like like I do it too. Like I'm I'm close enough to to to hit you, but you can't hit me. You know what I mean? It's all about positioning. Good body. Left hand sneaking through to that body. Oh, the left hook nearly sideswipe. Silva Dev pouring it on in round three here at the Garden. Stay to the body. He has to stay to the body, not get excited. [Applause] last 30 seconds of the third round. He's letting him uh build confidence, pushing him back to the ropes. That's his That's his favorite punch. That's his money maker. [Applause] [Music] Nishant Dev looking to be in complete control through three rounds. Three three 0 but you never know. He's still swinging. And he's still standing. Dab in action now as we take a look at the action from the third round. Way to set up that body. It seems as he has the longer arms. [Applause] You have to love the devotion to the body for Nishan Dev. That's the key. Strong guy. Silva's not planning on quitting. So yeah, Deb will earn this. That's for sure. You got to give credit here to Isach Silva. Now when Deb put on a highlight stoppage over Wiggins on that show in January, it caught the attention of Turkey Alles and he facetimed Eddie Hearn right after the victory at the Cosmopolitan. There are reports again that if Deb comes through with this fight, no issues. Yah probably land on the next US show for match him in July. But also could be in play for a Canelo Crawford undercard. His excellency mentioned Dev by name as boxers he wants to see and showcase. That'll be good for him. lead right hand lands flush as Silva walks forward. You really have to like for the long arms. You have to like the close range shots that the accuracy. Yeah. [Applause] Nice. I wish he like he mix it up like Yeah, he did. There you go. He mix it up downstairs, upstairs. [Music] I know what that means. Body. Body. Nice. being advised just to stick to the body. I He's evenly distributing his offense. Taking the shots upstairs when he knows that they're open, but the body work can't ignore it. Civil left him exposed there and that opened the door for a nice combo from Nishad Dev. A minute to go in round four. [Music] He's telegraphing that right hand. Silva, he's telling him I'm about to throw it. Oh, I think Deck punched the glove and that snapped Silva's head back. Made him hit himself. A lot of fighters need to learn that right there. We call them We call them the wipers. Windshield wipers. When they when they when they got their high guard up, you you you sw you pull the hands down. Could swipe them away. Yep. working there. Silva hanging tough here against Dev through four rounds. These shots seem to be growing in impact from Nissan Dev. Silva's throwing him back though. He's definitely He's still in the fight. He's down on the on the on the scorecard, but he's still in the fight. You see some friends and family for Nishant Dev. Has some family from Canada who came down for this show like they did in Las Vegas. We take a look at the action from round four. [Music] Tell you what, it doesn't look like Nishan Dev has been touched at all. He still looks comfortable, relaxed, composed. He trained for it, you know. He trained He trained for these moments. Here we go with round five between Dev and Silva before the bell winding down. Coming up at 8:30 Eastern, it's the main card on the zone leading into Hitchens Cambosas here from New York City. [Music] Will Dev be able to earn his second straight stoppage as a pro or will he get the rounds in? As Silva has come to win, he's trying to avoid a third straight defeat. He might be outclassed this one. Left hand gets through for Dev. Nice. That left hand. Tell you what, he snaps it out. Doesn't look like a big punch, Khalil, but it seems to have had an effect on Silva. I think he was complaining it was behind right hand comes in at a blistering pace. Oh. Oh, he got mad. [Applause] He wants to close out. Stick that jab out there if you need to stick. Nice. Quick counter right. You talk about speed right and the left. Good shot. [Music] [Applause] You got to uh snap them shots. Them punches. Snap them. Don't push them. Yeah, these are impact shots. I guess if you want to nitpick Khalil, you you'd like to see them come in in bigger bunches. Yeah, he's doing great, though. He's putting them together. He's using angles. The guy Silva's like he's he's fighting an octopus out there right now. Final 40 seconds of round number five. Nice angle. [Applause] Good exchanges here. Silva's tough. He's a tough guy. Dev is just he's too much. Nishan Dev controlling virtually every second of this scheduled six round affair. Nice. Beautiful snapping shots. Definitely. You know, selfishly, you want to see this go the difference because that's how impressive the punches have been from. It's exciting to watch. I don't think Silva wants to do that though. And he want like see how he he's following up. He looks like he, you know, he's out of range, but he's really not. Nice. T receiving more instructions from Ronald Sims himself, a 1996 Olympic alternate. Yeah, I was born. Yeah. Yeah. Going by fast, right? Here we go. Sixth and final round. This has been a terrific clinic by Nishant Dev. His second pro fight at New York's Madison Square Garden. Definitely. Definitely a clinic. Mhm. And like you said, for a guy whose arms are that long, the inside work and short short shots, the the landing is is is is nice for a 24 year old from a farming town in India. He is putting the boxing world on notice in one of the meccas in the United States. Madison Square Garden. Nice close range left hook. He set that up off of touching the body. Sometimes you don't have to always punch hard. Just touch them to let them know that's where you at. And then the next shot is somewhere totally different. He has the spacing of that jab down perfectly. Yeah, he's he's locked in. Look, he's locked in. He's been locked locked in since the opening bell. Been really impressive night. That jab His quarter's telling him speed. Speed. I don't know if he could go any faster. He They want him to overwhelm him. They want him to overwhelm him with with with shots more than just two punch combs. Yeah. Cuz he's he's you can see that he's done. They just want him to to to to get him out of there. Nice shot Dev the decorated amateur out of India. He has looked the part over his first seven pro rounds. One round in Vegas back in January. Six rounds here in New York City's Madison Square Garden. The second half of 2025 should be awfully exciting for this 24 year old. Nice. Some tough critics out there. Being told to close the show. Put on a great show. The cocky box numbers are probably crazy. in comparison. A straight left hand. It was his calling card in this fight. Some good rounds for Nisha Dev as he goes the distance. He's definitely putting him on notice that with that performance, sharp, tight. This is a fighter in Isach Silva who is eight years older than Dev. But Dev technically showing he is superior also with the speed, the precision, the footwork, the angles, the body work. Deb dealt out a ton of punishment over six rounds. The back of his neck has bruises. It'll be very interesting to see what lies ahead again. Could Frisco the star be in line for Nishant Dev. That event coming up July 19th. But for now, you can enjoy this one. a sixround clinic against Jose Silva here at the MSG Theater. I like his uniform also. That's one thing about these big time Olympic prospects, too. They, you know, they don't they don't fool around with the fight kit out of the gate. No. No. You got to, like I said, you got to feel good. You got to You look good. You got to you're going to you're going to fight good. You know what I mean? Everything plays in part. Six rounds in the books for Nisha Dev. Let's go back inside the ring with David Diamante. Straight straight to him. Ladies and gentlemen, after six rounds of action here at the theater at Madison Square Garden, we go to the judges scorecards and they read as follows. Nicholas Anol, John McKay, and John Signarelli all scored this bout identically 60- 54 for your winner by unanimous decision. He's still undefeated. Nation, the devastator, Dev [Music] Nishant victorious by unanimous decision over host Isak Silva. We'll hear from Nishan in a matter of moments with Chris Manx as he moves to 2 and 0. Well, Nishan, congratulations. Two fights, two wins. You get a wide decision here. You certainly had to work for it going the full six round distance. How did you feel about that performance? I mean I feel great you know uh like I like I say I don't go for the knockout I'm just doing working on my skills improving my skills and what I have learned I just have to show in the ring and win the fight it's tough to learn a lot in a pro debut when you get a guy out of there in one round what do you take away from going six rounds in your second fight I mean I have done been before in Olympics in world championship so so I'm I'm used to it but this is the beginning of my pro professional boxing. So, I would I'm I'm still learning. I'm still improving, growing, and we're going for the another level. You were a great amateur now early in your pro career. You got a great team behind you. What's the adjustment been like as you've tried to learn the pro style? I mean, for for me, there is no difference in amateur and in the professional boxing. It is just a matter of uh three rounds and the six rounds. So I I know what I am doing in my ring, what I have learned back in amateur uh taking taking uh study from my from my team and make a make a I mean I mean I don't know it's just I mean I'm not lacking of English. I just I'm not getting the that word. I'm getting study back in my home and uh doing the what I have learned. So working on my skills, working on my power. Uh I'm not looking for the uh I'm not looking for the knockout punch. I'm I'm still learning. It's my second fight. Going to be improved more and going to be see in the next level and the different upcoming in third fight. I know match room wants to keep you busy. Maybe bring you back as early as next month. What do you want the rest of this year to look like? Yeah, I mean I I really don't I have already three months rest back in home. So I want to be get busy get more exposure in professional fight so that I can be you know uh get an experience uh taking this fight as a to another level and and get in the title short and welld deserved. So I I'm I'm I would like to say in 19th July I'm fighting again in Dallas in Bam's boot under card. So I would love to be stay steady and looking for the next fight. You got a lot of fans back home maybe up at a different type of hour to watch you fight on this card. What's your message to them? Yeah, all I just want to say back in India, keep supporting me, keep showing me love. I'm I'm I'm on my another level in professional boxing. The first only Indian boxer in the uh in the professional professional boxing. So, I'm just changing the uh new generation, new youth coming up from the India, opening the gate for them to show and show your skills and take take your nation with you and make your proud and make proud India. Congratulations, Sean. Thank you. Thank you guys.