Kind: captions Language: en He wears the orange with cream tassel. He scaled 159 and one half pounds. His professional record perfect four fights, four victories with two of them coming by way of knockout. Please welcome the 2024 Olympian fighting out of Hariana, India, Nishan the devastator, Dev Dev. Good evening guys. I expect a good fight. Whatever I say must be. Good luck. A super setting live on Done. Matram's inaugural show in this fabulous country of Ghana, the historical city of Acra on the Atlantic coast of West Africa. And it is a global show. Nishand Dev from India [bell] &gt;&gt; and there's hopes from Eddie Hearn and the team that this guy could become a real star. It's uh a very interesting time for boxing all around the world and the content of Africa at the moment under the spotlight. It's Ghana today. Darren and I are in Nigeria tomorrow. Lawrence Aoli headlining there on Done. And real chances for fighters from every part of the globe. and Nishand Dev in with Ali Umbakwa from Tanzania who as Darren was saying has won his last threes in good form. He's had a couple of bad patches in his career. Dev undefeated the lovely southpaw with the skills and amateur class that he's turned over well the Paris Olympics. &gt;&gt; Lovely left to the body there and again good work to the body. Oh, good overhand right from Umbbukwa. &gt;&gt; Yep, nice right hand from Unbukqua. Good counter. That will give him some confidence and the team in the blue corner very impressed. But he looks so much bigger, doesn't he? Dev and he's fluidic. And of course, Moses Italmo back in January. Good work from Ali Bakqua. Not overruled here as Nishand Dev tries to splice in another couple of left hooks for the body. Just upping the tempo here. Dev and can Umbbakqua live with him? He has been stopped of times and he does look physically very strong here. Nishad Dev under assault. Umbbakqua. &gt;&gt; He done the right thing there. Dev he dropped a nice shot to the body and Bwa and Ru survival mode here. Throws a nice one two but plowing forward looking menacing looking dangerous there. Really targeting the body well. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that one hurt him. And again, can he keep taking these andbaka? I mean, the punch is in the bank, but at the moment, he's going to struggle to get through the second round. A minute gone and it's all Nishand Dev. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's just not taking his foot off the gas, is he? Really, really showing good variation with the shots. That spite again that I pointed out &gt;&gt; and Bakqua Chaff and because he's on this winning run at the moment, he'll have trained hard for this chance. But these body shots are just crippling him up in some discomfort. He's breathing heavier &gt;&gt; and he looks a weight division for low def too. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he does. THIS IS A GOOD SUSTAINED ATTACK. HE'S NOT LOADING UP WITH the shots there, but they're constant. The head low of He's got to keep that up. And these body shots are sickening. Step to the right again. Impressive from the Indian again sinking that left to the body once more to add. How's he taking all of these shots? Is it a question mark about Dev's power or is it just he's sucking it up and it's maybe he's getting used to it and they're not unexpected? &gt;&gt; I think certainly the body shots is down to his toughness and conditioning because he has whipped those round either elbow constantly has Dev. &gt;&gt; That's the first time we've actually seen Bwa drop his hands. Back comes Dev again with more work to the body. &gt;&gt; He's in great condition as well, isn't he? Nishand Dev sweat pouring down his back in the hot humid air in a cra in Ghana here but he's putting on a great demonstration of what he can do to really impress the crowd. So they want to tune in and see you again as we see more unanswered shots raining in on the body of &gt;&gt; side to side. I think maybe a big sustained attack could just prompt the referee to step in because Bbuck was tiring now in his own corner. Here comes Nishan Dev. &gt;&gt; And now maybe the opportunity. &gt;&gt; It's all been dev and it's getting hard to watch here. And Bqua very very brave but &gt;&gt; he's got no chance. Darren, &gt;&gt; he hasn't. He's not going to win this. The referee look you can see him. He's getting a lot closer now. And as you've said, there you go. Perfect. That is enough. That is all she wrote and rightly so. &gt;&gt; Yep. Compassionate stoppage there. Nishad Dev makes it five on the spin. The undefeated man from India. Third inside the distance and the second and third round. He really got going. The body shots were great. He's a southpaw. He can obviously punch two. And um yeah, very very good display for him to end what's been a great year. &gt;&gt; Yes. [music] spot on. Look, he done exactly what he had to do. He excited. He looked good. There's going to be tougher tests. We know that it was all oneway traffic. But I like he was quick. He was fit. He was powerful. And I like the variation for shots. You know, &gt;&gt; Adam to Jim. I don't think Jamie I can hear you really. &gt;&gt; And as you said, Adam, you know, the future looks really bright. There's opportunities. And as a fighter, as a talented fighter with with a nation behind you, that's what you want. [music] &gt;&gt; Yeah, it was classy oneway traffic. Get too carried away and bookwire show toughness, grit, but it was all dev, wasn't it? So, there's going to be tougher tests, but you can only beat who's in front of you. This is only his fifth fight, so still learning the professional format of this great sport. But yeah, that there's going to be some really brilliant, and you pointed that out in commentary, Adam, there's going to be some really good fights, including this man here, Deb. Yes, it's an exciting addition, isn't he, to the sport. Very, very good amateur. snapped up by Matram and Eddie will want to try and build that audience in India for Nishan Dev undefeated and a real talent to watch out for just taking their time because they're giving Ali and Buckwa an opportunity just to rest on his stool. I think that's a that's a very good bit of medical advice. The one of the doctors I was chatting to at the hotel earlier, he's in there and um just making sure after all those body shots, he took a lot, didn't he? &gt;&gt; He took some real stigma and I mentioned it there as well, the heat in here. So, there's always that chance of dehydration. But yeah, credit to the toughness of Bwire, but this man here goes on 5-0. What will be next? An early new year fight. I would assume you want to be busy when you're fighting. What whatever level you're at, but this guy here would have been fighting all the time in the amateurs. You want to be busy. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Maybe Matram will get him to the UK and uh and some of the guys back home can have a little look at Nishand Dev because up close he's big at the weight. He's strong. He's a southpaw. He can punch and he's got talent. So watch out for him. referee calls the home in this contest. The official time of the stop 1 minute 38 of round number four declaring your winner Marqueo he's still undefeated Nishan the devastator dev