Kind: captions Language: en motivated more than ever, man. And I feel stronger than ever. I think this fight ends early. &gt;&gt; It's my time to uh show the world that I'm a force to be reckoned with and I'll be a world champion. &gt;&gt; July 19th is going to be a war fight of the year. I'm Diego Pacheco. I'm Trevor McCumbi. Welcome to Cards on the Table. Who has the brighter future in the sport? I'm 24 years old, man. I'm ranked number one. I've been ranked number one my whole life even as an amateur, you know, I've competed at the highest levels and I've won at the highest level, you know. So, I mean, that's just answers that, you know, Trevor McCumby's uh I don't know how how much longer he's going to be in the sport for, you know, considering his age, but yeah, we we'll see. The time will tell. Who has more chance to become a world champion at 68 and why? you know, uh, we're two very great fighters and, uh, I I would have to give the edge to me. Um, you know, I, like I said, I've been in the sport a very long time. I've won I've won national titles as well as a as a as a young man or young kid. And uh you know I think that for right now I feel that it's my time to uh show the world that you know I'm here and I'm I'm a force to be reckoned with and I'll be a world champion. Uh that's the mindset that I think every fighter should have. &gt;&gt; What does Trevor Mccumbi represent right now in my story and why? Uh Trevor Mccumbi just represents um another great fight in my career. Um you know now I'm a contender and um you know so is he. It's going to be a great fight and um yeah, we're just going to put on a great war for the fans. Why have Eddie Herd and Diego Pacheco made a mistake? You know, I've been your age before, 23 years old. It's a lot, you know, it's a lot. And I We'll see if you're ready for it. They're moving you quick and uh we'll see. July 19th. &gt;&gt; July 19th, baby. Is this my hardest fight? Uh, we'll see. July 19th, we'll see. Um, you know, I know Trevor McMumby's a great fighter. It's why we chose him. You know, we're looking to put on great fights and uh July 19th, we'll find out if this is the hardest fight. What do I think of the man opposite me as a person? You know, I think uh I think you seem like a nice young man. uh you know, you got a family, kids, and seem like a nice guy. But, you know, at the end of the day, we're uh we're in the business of the hurting business. So, &gt;&gt; and uh it's going to be it's going to be a lot of fun. &gt;&gt; What grade do I give myself as a boxer? And what grade do I give my opponent? I say I'm a A+ all-around great fighter. Um I say Trevor McCumby's maybe a I say a B+. you know, he's a a good fighter, but he's not a great fighter. And we've seen that before. What separates Trevor Mccumbi and Diego Pacheco? I got to tell you, I've been in the sport a very long time. I've known your trainer for a very long time. He knows, he's known me since I was 6 years old. I have a lot of experience in the sport. I've seen all kinds of styles. I've seen tall guys, short guys, guys that can punch. And uh you know I think that's really going to be the the ultimate uh game changer is experience. But you know we'll we'll we'll handle business. &gt;&gt; Who is the bigger puncher? Discuss it. &gt;&gt; Um I feel like maybe he could be the bigger puncher. You know, who knows? But I feel I'm the better all-around fighter. But uh man, maybe I could be the bigger puncher. We'll see. July 19th. &gt;&gt; I like that confidence. Young buck. Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; What makes me different to anyone he's faced before? Just to kind of, you know, go off your question as well, man. You know, it's it's different when you're in there with me. The speed is is a lot more than what it looks like from the outside and uh the power and it's just something that you really got to got to experience. and you know we will you know in about 8 weeks. What is different to watching me compared to actually being in the ring with me? The difference is uh you know watching me on the outside it's it's nothing like being in there with me. And um you know a lot of guys don't understand it until they're in there with me. So, um you know, just everything I bring to the table, you know, um all my attributes, all of my hard work, all my experience, everything, you know, it all comes into one. And um and um you guys have seen it in my past fights, man. And it'll be no different come July 19th. Who's the better trash talker? Clearly, we're not the biggest trash talkers. Um, I think maybe, you know, with my age I can, uh, I can, you know, spit out a little bit more. But, um, like I said, I've been there, bro. At 23 years old, this is a lot. You got cameras everywhere. And, uh, you know, &gt;&gt; they don't they don't have I know you're not new. &gt;&gt; I'm 24, too. &gt;&gt; Oh, you are 24? Oh, my bad. 24. &gt;&gt; Same thing, man. Um, yeah, but 32. &gt;&gt; 32. &gt;&gt; Yep. Grown man. Does the man opposite of me irritate me? No, not at all. Uh, you know, um, I'm actually a fan of him. You know, I think he's a good fighter and, um, it's the reason we chose him to be a part of this show, you know. Um, I think, um, his style and what he brings to the table makes for a great fight and, um, you know, that's what we're trying to do, man, is just put on a great show for the fans. what I learned about myself in the Caleb Plant fight, just being on being on that biggest stage. Um, realizing when to adapt in in in a fight and uh, you know, I'm making those uh, adjustments in camp. And, uh, once you really can't buy experience, you know, you can't can't buy it. You got to earn it. And, uh, that's that's what I did in that in the plant fight is I earned more experience. What could the man opposite learn from me? Um, just that I'm be the best fighter he's ever seen in his whole life. What does the word tenacious say about me? Well, just uh, you know, a lot of my life I, you know, been through ups and downs just like as a lot of people have. Um, I stayed consistent throughout my life. I've come come out of really deep holes and uh you know that totally attributes to my fighting style. You know, I I will keep coming. Um I won't I won't stop. I'm not going to quit. I will, you know, go out in my shield uh in order to feed my family. I'm not sleeping in silk sheets. It's not, you know, not not easy for me. And I need to change my life just as you need to change your life. And uh that's that's why people are really gonna want to tune in for this showdown. I get, you know, two two great American fighters. Does this fight go 12 rounds? You have two hungry fighters like me and Mccumbi. It's really hard for the fight to go 12 rounds, especially when uh we both have really high KO ratios. I think this fight ends early. I'm just going to go in there and do my job, do what I do. Trevor's gonna go in there, do what he does, and um the best man's going to win that night. &gt;&gt; When I beat Diego, what will he learn? He'll learn that, you know, I'm not a one-dimensional fighter. I think a lot of the world thinks I'm a onedimensional fighter. Um just based off of uh my past two performances, but uh I'm a lot more than than than what it's seen. So, I'm going to give you, you know, some some different looks than than what you've ever seen. Train hard. I'm going to train hard and it's it's going to be a great fight. Everybody needs to tune it. &gt;&gt; Motivated more than ever, man. And I feel stronger than ever and I'm just ready to put on the best performance of my life. July 19 is going to be award fight of the year. [Music]