Kind: captions Language: en Real anticipation in the air. &gt;&gt; Right lads, you both know the rules, so let's just have a good clean fight. Okay, most of all, remember to defend yourselves at all times. All right, let's go. &gt;&gt; All five victories by knockout. Most lighting up the match from highlight reels. Pat Brown entering his second year as a pro in the venue. THE PROFESSIONAL STARTED UP A NOTCH in Pat Brown. &gt;&gt; And this is where I think Pat could just let his hands go a little bit more now. He's he's got his man backed up. He's five rounds into the fight. He's hurting with some nice shots, but this is where he probably could go through the gears a little bit right near the end of the round. &gt;&gt; Like three fast, one hand sort of thing. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Touch, touch, and then really try and sink in. But then keep 10 seconds left. He's going to scramble to his feet. Vasel Duka and the B WILL SAVE HIM. HE'S BADLY HURT. WIND. OH, just misses out on I think still from that body shot trying to whip one in the same side, but he's hard at the top of the defending himself against this down for the second time. And I think Pat Brown knows that this is the moment to complete knockout victory number six to the oppon. But too brave maybe for his own good. &gt;&gt; It's like he brought down his guard there. He just nullified the guard. He was punching it, punching it, and then he eventually punched a hole straight through it. You just got to maintain that distance though, bro. So Dusak can't hold on. Tries to come out with his own right hand. Oh my word. How hard is he? The man from the Czech Republic up off the canvas twice. 30 left in the sixth round. &gt;&gt; It's the variation in attacks here that's so impressive. He's tapping to the body going upstairs then vice versa. Look at this physically so strong. Look at this attack. Digging in Vasil. Give him credit. this man who's traveled over from the chamber and comes back ON THE RIGHT HAND. OH MY GOD, WE'VE SEEN some action tonight. &gt;&gt; What a card it's been. Chin down. &gt;&gt; Shot again from Pat Brown. Duka still 15 left. &gt;&gt; And I don't think there's been too much Darren. Sorry about the shots he has been taking. I think he's made Dooka miss with most of them, the large majority. But I think when he's going and teeing off, Duke is doing nothing, finding his feet and then just trying to pounce on that one moment. And he's catching him a couple of times with that one moment. But I think he's missing more times than not. &gt;&gt; But you know, Pat can't really stand off him cuz nothing will be happening because I do not really committed when you let your hands go, move your head, move your feet, just say switched on afterwards. Otherwise, it's been spot on. He's got the body shot. Good. &gt;&gt; I think he said he pushed him down. There was no knockdown, but there was a body shot that went in a few seconds before. I think it slightly troubled him. Right hand. He looked at his corner. Fasca, he's been so brave for so long in this fight. Upper cut here. Got to try and find success. And he does come back. &gt;&gt; I think with Brown, especially being offensive, just to take the angle, you mentioned the feet down. He's never going to heal. But that's the third count of the fight again. He looks at his corner. He so wants to get through this. But Michael wins by. &gt;&gt; Ladies and gentlemen, referee Michael Alexander calls a halt to this contest. The official time of the stoppage. 2 minutes and 58 seconds of round number eight. declaring a winner by TKO. And the new WBA International and IBF Intercontinental Cruiserweight Champion, Patrick the Bomber Brown. Fans love him. Entertaining Vasel Dooka deserves his credit, too. What a good performance. Resilient, wasn't he? And Pat Brown makes it 6 and0. Barry, how excited are you? How quickly would you like any to move him? &gt;&gt; I mean, really, whatever the team feels fit. Look, he's got an experienced manager and Sam Jones behind him. Very experienced corner. Dave Allen as well in there. Been there, done it all. They will know the route to take him and the pace that stood him in greatstead. He got the rounds in. He looked dominant throughout the rounds. He didn't act like like he was falling off a cliff anytime soon. I really reckon he could start stepping up through the cruiserweight division. &gt;&gt; I he been too good promises last two fights. I get the 10 and0 first. Just get the double figures and then reassess from there. Step out a little bit if you can. But that's where you step up from this level. But I mean step a one little level more get the 10 and0 and then we look from there as well. I think &gt;&gt; just quickly Darren Pasa walking past you with a big smile. Tough man. Extremely tough. He really is. He'll be back. He'll be fighting someone else in this division and giving them a hard time. &gt;&gt; Good match making Eddie Hearn. Let's go over to Jamie with Pat. &gt;&gt; Thanks, Adam. Pat Brown, congratulations. Your first two professional belts on your shoulder. Pat, when you first turned professional, you said I am going to be involved in entertaining fights. Is that what you meant tonight? &gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely. I don't lie. Uh he's a tough operator. It's me sick fight. I've never gone past four rounds before. And uh even in sparring, I've never really gone 10 rounds. I've only ever gone six to eight. Um so I've learned a lot in there tonight. But um these bells mean nothing. It's all these people in here who I loved early. And um big thank you to me dad, you know, started when I was seven years of age. Uh big thank you to Sale West Boxing Club, Solomon Jen when he was training me as well. Then obviously when I moved on to Moss side with Nigel and Kelvin, uh these these unsung heroes are never spoken about and amateur boxing clubs are so important for this game. But besides that, Dave Allen, come over here. Come on, Dave. Here's a little present to you, mate. It is two instead of one. That's harsh, isn't it? That is harsh. Thank you. &gt;&gt; I've got the one of these at home. &gt;&gt; Thank you, partner. Very proud of him. Very proud of him. Of course, &gt;&gt; Pat, what boxes do you feel you ticked in the ring tonight? What boxes do you feel you ticked in the ring tonight against a very tough man in Duko? Like we say, gave as good as he got at times as well. &gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely. I knew he was tough. Um, and that's why I started slow and I was just reading a little bit. Obviously, there's a lot of things to take from it and uh that's why, you know, I'm I'm I'm getting fast tracks and getting in there quick because I believe in myself, but uh that's better than stopping him in the first or second round for me. that and uh that's why I took me time properly and he's a tough tough man. It &gt;&gt; was the body shots that seemed to be doing the damage. Can you see why the referee had seen enough at the end there? Because I know previously you've been a bit frustrated at perhaps early stoppages. What did you make of that one? &gt;&gt; I don't really think too much about it to be fair. If it carried on, I would have just kept coming. Um he was holding me a lot. I wish the ref, you know, warned him at least once. He was holding quite a lot. And but it is what it is. It's one of the things I respect the referee and uh it's a special night tonight and I want to give it to everyone. &gt;&gt; It's up to this man and your team of course behind the scenes but from already heard about what will be next for you Pat. Where do you feel you're at right now? John Hedges is in the building tonight. He's English champion. Is that the sort of fight that's in your mind perhaps for in the summer? &gt;&gt; No, to be honest cuz um I wanted that fight for tonight and due to political reasons it didn't happen. So that ship sailed in my head now the English title. I want to go on beyond. If he fights Vasil Dooka and proves that he can mix it with me, then I'll do it with him. Yeah, of course. But I've got full respect for him, but that ship sailed. I wanted that to be tonight. &gt;&gt; Okay, let's bring in promot Hearn. Firstly, for the thoughts on the performance of Pat Brown tonight. It certainly was entertainment. What did you make of it? &gt;&gt; Yeah, look, I think Dooka was the perfect opponent. We wanted rounds and we got plenty of them. I mean, I don't know how he was still standing, but that's exactly what we needed. And he was firing back as well. You know, that's the important thing. Pat sometimes guilty of taking one or two too many because he doesn't mind standing in there and and mixing it up. But the perfect learning fight. You know, Dooker is a guy that's gone the distance with a lot of worldass fighters. And for Pat to do that and get him out there inside the distance in just his sixth fight, a great stepping stone. &gt;&gt; Pat says the ship has sailed with the man behind you. If you want to bring him in just next to you, John Hedges, the current English cruiserweight champion. What's your thoughts on that? &gt;&gt; Look, you know, obviously they're both in a matroom stable. John Hedges is here tonight. He wants the fight. The board have ordered that fight. Pat is right. He tried to make that fight before. John wasn't ready. He says he's ready now. It's something we'll have to discuss. But, you know, he's made the trip. He wants the fight. So, you know, it's it's going to be down to the teams to make that fight. It's a fight that's been ordered for the English title. I think it's a fight that should be for the British title, to be honest with you. So, we'll have to see what happens, but you know, John's here and Pat's just finished his fight, so semi- awkward, but they're a couple of yards apart. &gt;&gt; John, let me bring you in just this side of me. Look, you've made the trip here to be here tonight. Pat said the ship has sailed. Is this the fight you want next? Why didn't it get made previously? What happened? &gt;&gt; Basically, Jamie, when it when it first come about, it was like there was no, it was just that's that's the crack. We thought he was next in line for the British. I believe I should have been next in line for the British. I mean, I beat Zoro. I've won. defended the English now I should be moving on but the name what's been ordered is Pat so I've said to Matum it's accepted as far as I'm concerned my end I can't say I'll fight any man and then start docking and diving do you know what I mean I live to me word I'll fight anybody and Pat's a great dance partner congratulations to him tonight as well good performance Pat &gt;&gt; so Pat I guess we'll just wait and see what happens here &gt;&gt; that's the one yeah we'll wait and see see what happens &gt;&gt; final message Pat to all your people once again made some excellent noise here tonight what message do you want to leave for them &gt;&gt; yeah thank you everyone for I'll hold it thank Thank you. Cheers. Thank you everyone uh from the bottom of my heart. And um if everyone can just be quiet one second, please. I know everyone's Well, some people might still have a glass if they're having it, but just raise a glass to my cousin Ross, please. He'll be forever proud of me tonight. And it's always for him. Yeah, the Ross man. I love him to pieces. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Congratulations, Pat. And great words. We look forward to ever whatever might be next. Perhaps it might be John Hedges.