Kind: captions Language: en Welcome back. David Brener, Jimmy McDonald with you live on Probox from the Mansfield Letter Center. And it's time now for the debut of a young man who is really, no exaggeration here, a terrific amateur. Some say he's turned professional too early. Well, we'll be the judge of that before very long. Prince Nasim Ahmed. He's fighting Ricky Beard who we've seen many many times before on throw box and we know that he is a very tough customer. This young man from Dagenham in Essex. I'll just give you an early reminder. Don't be surprised by how dramatic the entrance of Nasim Pameid might be. He's known for it throughout the amateurs for being really outrageous and in some terms for people who really follow the boxing game. A British version of Hector Macho Kamacho. This I want to see. Seven national school boy titles formed junior ABA titles as well. You know Dave, it's the first fly away in many years to turn professional with national press exposure. And if he does as well as the last one to turn professional with the same credentials, it was Charlie Mry who we know went all the way on to become world champion. Here is Prince Nasim Muhammed. His debut. Well, you know, we've launched the careers of Chris Eubank and Herby Hyde on Pro Box, and this might just be a young man to join that dynamic duo. We shall see. Here comes a top rope jump. In Ricky Beard, he faces a guy who won't be intimidated. In Ricky's mind, he'll be going by the knockout. He really is a pretty determined flyweight fighter two pound over six 3minut rounds. Introducing in the red corner with the blue and the gold shorts from Dagenham Ricky Beard. And Ricky Beard as Jimmy says will not be on the less from Sheffield making his professional debut Prince. You know, the only thing with me with Nasim, I'd like to see Nasim compete in the senior ABA Championships and and go to the Olympic Games because this is a time of credentials they've been speaking about. Tonight, he boxes over three minute rounds for the first time in his career as a professional. And when we think he's 18 and can't fight from British Championship to his 21, then maybe that view will be shared by many people in the sport. Paul Thomas, another referee that we've seen times on Pro Box, most ladily when he disqualified Aean Lan up in Berry against Tony Aubia. A brave decision that so Paul Thomas is not a man to be trifled with and any little bits of gamesmanship that Hamemed tries. I'm sure that Paul Thomas will come down on him quite hard. Round one then seem as a southpaw, but he's very unorthodox and throws punches off either foot and either hand. very very fast ends. And Ricky Beard, he won his two first two professional fights inside the distance and since then six defeats and a draw and he's a far better fighter than that record suggests. Far better. Now Ricky can punch from fly as well. He carries power in the round. Absolutely. Nassim needs to remember that and this first three minutes of this round is very important for Nasim to get out of his system despite all his experience in the junior ranks and so forth. This is luckily his first fight again really on in the professional ranks though he mixes and trains and always has done with the likes of Bomber, Johnny Nelson to name but two. It's a tough fight for your first pro fight. Very much so. There's that right hand. He caught nas bang on. He can take the shot. He certainly proved it there cuz Ricky hit him bang on the chin there and he come back firing. Good time. You need to stay tight. And interestingly enough, these rounds are three minute and not two minute duration. There's that Ryan again. That may take a little bit of the flamboyance away from that scene. Well, I hope so for his sake. I'd like to see, you know, it's not always the top juniors that make it into top professionals and and if it goes a few rounds, three or four. I'd be interested to see how Nathan copes. Right hand mark down. That was a touchdown. Pure speed just briefly. Paul Thomas waves it on. [Music] I see him starting to relax a little bit now. That'll give him a great deal of confidence. Not that he lacks confidence anyhow. The only fighter to beat Ricky Beard inside the distance is Robbie Regan. He's the British champion. Let's not forget. Absolutely. [Applause] If you're doing the right thing, staying cool, be looking to load up on the right hand. Fascinating first three minutes. He's certainly very very quick. quick and very confident. A lot of raw edges. Mark, he's only 18. Let's not make too much and he will feel a lot better after that. I'm sure he will. Well, Prince Nasim Mhhammed, there not too many Asian boxers in this country and it's good to see them making their mark and let's let's wish Nasim Mhhammed luck in his professional career on the on the strength of one round. Absolutely. The stupidity itself to start saying, well, the kid is great, but not a bad round at all to start your pro career. Let's take a look at the right depth. That's the right hand Ricky Beard landed on that same. As you said, Dave, it's proved already that the kid's got a good chin because Ricky can whack. But as you see Nasim here, he's looking to move into position, looking to unload with shots of his own. And he does them with such great speed. There you see the accuracy. Two booming shots. And Ricky took a brief count. [Music] The first three minutes of Nessim's career is now history. If he starts to relax now and flow, we may see what they've been talking about. The speed, the power, and the class. You know, Ricky, as I said, is not intimidated and he's shown that yet again with that right hand there. [Music] You can see Nasine arrogantly saying no from Ricky Landry shots, but [Applause] Fascinating match up. Good fight. Little smear of blood underneath Beard's nose. Ricky Beard grinning back at Nim. He's enjoying this. Are we matching for gamesmanship? Don't worry about that. I always like Ricky Beard. He's a 100% wholehearted fighter. Absolutely. I say tough baptism for me, particularly if it goes beyond the third round. It'd be interesting to see because Ricky always gets himself in good shape and he'll relax as well. [Music] The physical advantages that Ricky possesses over Nasim are absolutely phenomenal. He's taller, longer. Looks like a whole division above him. Really? It does. You're right. [Music] And good. You can almost sense the frustration he feels because he can't get near Harman at the moment. Good shot. Body shot with arrogance. That was a good shot on Ricky. You do well to get over it. It really took the wind out of yourself. And that's all over. [Applause] Well, delighted young man doing his flips for all to see. [Applause] I shall reserve judgment on this young man, but he is not a bad little kid, I tell you. And you can't knock him for his debut. Not many people have done that to Ricky Beard. That is not a bad debut at all. He is delighted. Brendan Ingle, wise old fox that he is saying, just just called it a little bit. Not from say okay. So that's good news. He's just took the wind right out of his sails. Was a good shot. Anyone who got hit with that one would have known all about it. He's a real showman. He's got energy to burn, isn't he? And ladies and gentlemen, well, we shall, I'm sure, be seeing Nasim Hammed on Pro Box again. I hope we see Ricky Beal again. He He'll make good television. Must win sooner or later. He'll make good television, little Naz. Like I said, we bought you the professional debut of a young Herby Hyde. We picked up Chris Eubank's career very early. But you look at this body shot cuz you will not see many better this year. Jimmy, it's the leverage he gets into it. Dave, there you see him setting Ricky out. Bang. Right through the middle. The gap was very small and minute, but he picked it out, dissected where it was going to go and it landed and the result was there for all to see. Well, like I said, it's doing Nasim Mhhammad no favors and it's certainly doing you at home no favors to say, "Oh, this young man is a future champion." We'll know after two or three fights what he's got. But Ricky Beard, a good opponent, and he dealt with him very well. We shall chart his future progress with great interest. Right. Then coming up next from the flyweights to the heavyweights.