Kind: captions Language: en [Applause] It's time for the main event of the evening. Nasim Muhammed has reigned for three and a half years already as a world champion. This is his 13th world title fight. This MEN arena has always been good for him. His fourth appearance here tonight. Generally, he's delivered the goods, but he's got to do it tonight against a British challenger, an unbeaten challenger, a three-time champion in his own right in Paul Engel. How does Engle cope with this sort of atmosphere? Never fought in a hall of this size in front of a crowd of this size. Although every step along the way for Engle recently has been impressive. All sorts of stars here tonight. Ian Wright, big boxing fan, Rio Ferdinand just part of a big football contingent. One or two of the Coronation Street stars of old, but it's all business in there right now. Engel getting ready to go &gt;&gt; on what is the big test. His preparation has been spartan. Now's the time to prove whether it's all been worthwhile. We have a superb atmosphere here. Hope you're enjoying it. Our MC is Michael Buffer. [Applause] Ladies and gentlemen, coming into the ring at this time, the challenger, Paul Angle. Just listen to that football style roar of support from 7,000 Scarra fans who packed this arena tonight. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat up here. [Music] [Applause] [Music] the entrance of the challenger Paul Engle. But will he be bulletproof against the power of Naz? Well, that's the big test. Naz has terrific power. And can Engel put up with that? Can he stay out the way? It's his big test. [Music] [Applause] One of the big questions really, how does he cope with this atmosphere? And at the moment, you'd have to say that he seems to be relishing it all. Well, in the whole buildup to this, I've been impressed with the attitude of Paul Engel. He's looked as if he's enjoyed everything. He's been pierced by nothing. He's really looked forward to this fight and it's all about now. It's all about his endurance and Naz is it is it going to fall apart for him? When will the nerves or will they ever sink in? 21 wins out of 21 British, Commonwealth, and European champion he's been at featherweight. Now he moves up a few leagues to world level. The man who calls himself the Yorkshire Hunter and comes to the ring in combat gear, Paul Engle. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] And what a reception he's getting from the folks from his hometown. I tell you, Scarra has never had anything quite like this in boxing, has it? &gt;&gt; Well, you can guarantee Scorp is pretty lonely and empty every place tonight. Normally, they should be very busy, but I think everybody in Scorp is here, &gt;&gt; either here or watching it in a bar or something somewhere. You can just imagine the atmosphere and what a night it would be there if Engel was to cause a big shot by dethroning Nassie Mame. He's a good little fighter. Make no mistake about that. [Applause] Maloney in the ring is putting his his fingers in film there. 6 minutes he's timed his own entrance and he said that if the Nazi Muhammad entrance is any longer than this, they're packing up. They're going back to the dressing room. They're not going to walk out. They say they'll go back to the dressing room and then they'll run back in again once is there. Will time have its entrance just for uh well interest sake. It is a bit of a problem for bikers to be honest with you if the ring entrance of the other fighter goes on too long. They can just go off the boil a little bit and start to lose concentration. He'll have warmed up in the dressing room and they don't want to lose that. As we're talking, Natihad is still in the dressing room, so we're awaiting his entrance. [Music] [Applause] There seems to be some delay with Hame's entrance here, doesn't there? Well, there seems to be. I mean certainly this one is going on longer and longer unless they're trying to pad the Engle one out so they can match with that of Jame. I think what you're seeing is psychological warfare. Personally, I just don't think they need to get involved in this at all. It's just something else that you don't need to be thinking about, isn't it? &gt;&gt; That's right. There's no need for it. There's discussions going on there, but certainly they don't have anything to say. They've just got to let him get his main focus with what he's got to do. [Applause] Well, we're definitely, in my view, seeing a bit of gamesmanship going on here. Now, there's been all kinds of stuff going on this week about this threat that Engle brought about. Frank Maloney, who likes the odd publicity gimmick, but I don't think it is a gimmick this one. He I said to him, "Look, is this just a bit of play earlier this week?" He said, "No, we're serious." [Applause] &gt;&gt; So, let's wait and see what happens. [Music] doing. &gt;&gt; We're starting there. We're starting there. And we're starting We're starting there. &gt;&gt; Frank Maloney saying he's starting the clock now. Look, he's got a stopwatch. &gt;&gt; So, he's he says he's got 5 minutes from now. I think it was six. Six up. He changed his changed it then. Give themselves an extra minute. All right. Let's see what happens. [Applause] It all just adds to the psychological warfare. Paul Engle looks the least concerned man in the whole arena about it and he did come up with the quote of the buildup. Paul Engingle when he said to Naz, "You might have two Ferraris and a Lamborghini, but I've got two whippets and a ferret. Oh no, small. [Applause] &gt;&gt; And now, ladies and gentlemen, making his entrance to the ring, the defending champion, Bruce Hamemed. And what has dream trumped up this time for his ring entrance? I'll give you a clue. He's wearing a microphone. And if you say there's only one Nasim Muhammad, well, is there? Take a look. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Stop right there. [Music] Stop right there. This is the real Prince Eden. Come out there, man. [Applause] [Music] Well, you're the Jeremy Clarkson figure here, Glenn. What's all this about? Well, I think you'll find it that happens to be the classic. Just my little bit of car knowledge here. 1960s Cadillac electric blue does 12 miles in the gall. It's a 6 and 1/2 liter, &gt;&gt; 19t 6 in long and weighs 2 and 1/2 tons. &gt;&gt; I think I'm recognizing the driver there. That's a Mr. George Cook. Yeah. Oh, yeah. [Applause] All right, let's get to this music, man. That's it. [Music] [Applause] &gt;&gt; And while all this is going on, I can tell you that Paul Engel and Frank Maloney have left the ring. They have walked out. They have carried out the threat. They've gone back to the dressing room. Steve Polard, the trainer, is still in there. Fingle has gone. Well, this is going to be interesting because when Nasim Hamemed gets to the ring, he's going to find that the challenger isn't there. I don't know what the contract says about all this. Had no idea, but they said they promised it throughout the buildup that they weren't going to hang about that long and they haven't. [Music] And there is Paul Engle now making his way back. They said they'd run back once Hamemed got there. &gt;&gt; Just passing the bogus Nassie Muhamads on the way. &gt;&gt; I was going to say that wasn't going to be fair, was it? &gt;&gt; Well, we've heard a lot about the new Naz, but the entrance very much a glimpse of the old one. Before [Applause] he did the flip, Steve Fard, the trainer, was trying to stand in the way of the flip and Barry Hearn, the promoter, took him away. [Applause] Well, I think even the Scala fans enjoyed that bit of it. He's landed back in his favorite arena where he's won three times before. And Engel quickly returns to the ring. The threat was carried out and now we can get on with it. Let's have a look at the tail of the chain for this fight for the WBO featherweight title. 12th defense by Nassim Hamemed who's a year younger than Paul Engle. [Applause] Height and reach advantages, slight ones for Engle, the challenger. Engled half a pound inside. Hame bang on. A good sign about the preparation that [Music] has now been a pro for seven years almost to the day. He's had 10 more fights. He's got some more rounds and of course at a much higher level. And look at that knockout percentage for Hammet. 90% knocked out. Hammed's done two 12 rounds in the past. Tingle has completed just the one. 53 knockdowns. Nassim Hamemed has scored. That's quite incredible. Hammed an 8-1 on favorite. Engle available at 9-2 if you like. I bet the draw very topical of course 15 to1. [Music] [Applause] [Music] My lords, ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Manchester Evening News Arena here in Manchester, England, where tonight Barry Hearn and Charles Munz of Match Room in association with Prince Promotions. Assalam alaikum to boxing fans around the world along with your undisputed undefeated king of beer Budweiser the genuine article are proud to present 12 rounds of boxing for the WBO featherweight championship of the word. Sanctioned by the British Boxing Board of Control General Secretary John Morris and the World Boxing Organization, President and Supervisor Ringside for tonight's bout, Francisco Barcel, timekeeper at the bell, Barry Hinder. The three judges scoring this bout on a 10point must system will be John Coyle from England, Roy Francis, also from England, Michael Pernick from the United States, and when the bell rings, your referee in charge of the action, working for the 113th time in a world title belt, Joe Cortez. And now, boxing fans, are you ready? Manchester, Sheffield, and Scarboro, are you ready? [Applause] And the millions watching around the world. Ladies and gentlemen, let's get ready to rumble. Introducing first fighting out of the red corner wearing combat camouflage and weighing in at 125 and 12 lb or eight stone 13 and 12 lb. He brings an outstanding professional record to this ring, consisting of 22 bouts with 21 victories, 15 contests, ending inside the distance by knockout, and he has one draw. Ladies and gentlemen, here is the former British featherweight champion, former Commonwealth featherweight champion, and former European featherweight champion from Scaro, England. The Perfe [Music] [Applause] wearing a leopard trimmed with Adidas weighing 126 lb or nine stone eels. His perfect professional record consists of 31 bouts. All 31 bouts by victory, 29 of those victories by knockout. And he has captured two world titles. Tonight he makes his 12th defense of his world championship. And he plans to maintain his recognition by many as bound for bounds one of the best in the world. Ladies and gentlemen from Sheffield, England, presenting the undefeated WB champion of the world, man of the British Empire, Prince. [Applause] That Michael Buff is just getting the hang of that MC just &gt;&gt; we went over the roof to our dressing room. I expect a good clean fight. Obey my commands at the whole time. Give me gooseb like understood. Any questions on this side here? &gt;&gt; Any questions here? &gt;&gt; All right, touch them up. He's the loser, man. &gt;&gt; Joe Cortez, who was the referee for Hamemed's poor performance really last time out against Wayne McCull in Atlantic City. This is the start of a new era for him. A new trainer, a new promotional setup away from Brendan Ingle for the first time. Oscar Suarez in the corner with the world famous Manny Stewart as an adviser. &gt;&gt; How will Paul Engle cope? Will he get stage fright? Can he take the power of Nassim, the knockout expert? It's a big key issue what happens the first time lands. It's a key issue in all of his fights. Can he exert the kind of pressure that is his trademark? Also movement's got to be a key for Engle. He's got to have plenty of head movement, plenty of lateral movement. He can't be an open target for the big punches of Hamemed. Pamet's been working with his new trainer on his balance and with a better defense with the gloves held higher or so they say. Well, look for signs of that [Applause] seem to land on the glove really the left hand of Harry. Good work with the jab from Engle. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Really does have electric speed when he's at his best. And of course, the power punches come at you from all kinds of angles that you never dreamed of. Listen to the Engle fan club. Thousands of them who came here in convoys of coaches and cars. Every road of Scarra led to Manchester today. [Applause] Neither that ready to commit himself that early just looking for the openings. [Applause] Oh, left up and down. There's the answer about the first try. connects and Engle's in trouble &gt;&gt; with just two minutes gone on the clock. Left hand did it. &gt;&gt; That looks bad for Engle. He might get blown away here if he's not careful. Another left dropped him and the right two. He can't cope with the speed. He looks befuddled. Hame might take him out in one here. Well, this is excellent work from Hamemed. He really is back to his very sharpest looking to get Engel out early. &gt;&gt; Oh, these are big shots and he's timing them all. &gt;&gt; It's been a great start here finessing in his 12th defense of his three and a half year reign. Engel now knows the reality of facing a fighter from the top draw. Thunderous atmosphere. Engle does get through the opening round. How does he cope with that? What kind of dent has it left in his confidence? But what about that from from Hamemed? Excellent punch. And I mean, this is Engel who's in the the shape of his life. He really is in super condition. And a beautiful left hand, one to the body, brought it over to the head and Engle went down heavily. &gt;&gt; This is a superb combination. The left of the body was a hard enough shot. The second one, a really concussive left. Look at that bang on the button. &gt;&gt; There's only Hammed that can really get the power as he's leaning away. He throws the left. He's a little off balance going backwards there. still manages to get enough power into that punch to floor &gt;&gt; Engle. &gt;&gt; Well, they've got some work to do in there. &gt;&gt; Let's go. &gt;&gt; Steve Polard had a fair few fights himself. Not at this kind of level. The trainer and Engel now has his work cut out. He knows that already. He's tasted the power. What can he do about it? [Applause] So far, the punch picking of Hammed has been excellent. This Engles trying to be elusive. He's moving his head. He's using good speed, but Hamemed just picking his punches perfectly. Very rarely missing. And the first few rounds are very important for Engle to try and get into this fight. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Engle down for only the second time in his career in that first round. He was fought against Neil Swain early in his career. Other than that, he's looked pretty durable. But Hammer has a habit of blasting out normally durable fighters. He's switching the attack upstairs, downstairs, digging in body shots for the ribs. Look at that cork screw right up the trademark shot. Didn't quite land. Well, Engel's going to need all his Yorkshire grit and determination to get through this. Big punches going in from Hamemed looking to pick them &gt;&gt; and he's unable really to exert any sort of pressure because I think he fears if he does go in and try to get on top of he might be caught on the way in by something fairly lethal and menacing. Yes, he can't afford to leave himself open for a split second because Hammet has such good reflexes. [Applause] Just a little use of the elbow from Engle trying to incorporate a little bit of rough stuff. There's a lot of pressure on Hamemed going into this fight. Two of his last three performances have been a bit iffy. to restate his case to be a major player on the world stage. &gt;&gt; American TV showing this live tonight. They've been fascinated by him over there. All his showmanship. They want to see their substance to go with the show too this time. And Hammet's giving it to them so far. [Applause] still a little wary about committing himself. Trying to keep plenty room between him and Hammer. Didn't want to get caught on the way in [Applause] by the right hand. Took that shot better. That was a slightly better second round for England. raises his hands almost like it was a triumph just to get through it without going down again. You couldn't say he won the round. Not by any stretch of the imagination. &gt;&gt; No, he didn't. He's got to do a lot more than that to win a round. He's happy to get through it and he'll feel that a little bit of a triumph still to be there. Some decent punches going from nothing to really hurt Engle. That was a decent left hand. [Applause] His legs there just betrayed him for a moment. Again, that left to the body which set up the knockdown in the first round. There was a left to the body and he followed it with one to the head. Tried it again. It's good defense by Engle. Give him credit there. Guess he was getting him his hands up tight. There was a good body punch went in there and then looking for any gaps. Steve Pard, the trainer's got a 1,000 bet riding on the result. I think he got odd of about 11-2 on Engle. It's not looking a great proposition at the moment. &gt;&gt; Here's round three. This is the round that Ingle said he'd win the fight in. &gt;&gt; We also heard Engle had a bet on himself of £10,000. I don't know how true that is. &gt;&gt; His purse is about £300,000, which is about three times more than he was originally offered when he rejected the play. [Applause] standing his ground far more than he did in Atlantic City where he was jabbing and running most of the time against McCullik and became pretty negative. Good right hand again and Engel there just tries to make a little face at him as if to say I can take these you know I'm getting used to them now. Well, he can't afford to give Hammond any chance whatsoever. And that's a mistake to drop the hands again. The legs displayed a little. &gt;&gt; Big left hook from that body shot. He set himself, but that really planted his feet for the leverage. &gt;&gt; Mohamed's getting through with too many shots here. Engel has to come back with something. [Music] just can't get into the fight at all. Engle, not in any attacking sense. &gt;&gt; He can't do what he normally does with fighters at the lower level, which is bustle them about and pressure them and let go with his combinations. [Applause] Little smile playing across the face of Hame as is his W during his title fights. And he looks very comfortable in there. He looks as if he's enjoying himself. Everything's going very much the plan for Hamemed. &gt;&gt; Previous fight was such a nightmare week for him really in Ling City. It was a PR disaster, but they've really worked hard at building the bridges again and all credit for that. &gt;&gt; But he still has to come to terms with working well in America. He hasn't getting over that hurdle yet. Always very comfortable at home here. He's working well tonight. &gt;&gt; Oh, good right hand. H hand speed blinding from it. He really is very fast. Hardly putting her foot out of place. Everything is very good from Jame. &gt;&gt; Engel just has not been able to put Hamemed on the back foot. Well, hardly at all. Engle needs to get a good punch in just to make think a little. It's all he's completely dominant at the moment, the prince. And so far, you'd have to say it's a good advert for the new trainer who's taken such a lot of stick in the papers. All this, who is Oscar Suarez? He's a nobody. He hasn't got any credentials. They've only got him because he's cheap. Well, you judge it on the performance and the performance has been a good one so far. Very good. He's not wasting a punch. Defense is good. He's catching Hammed whenever he likes. Sorry. Catching Engle whenever he likes. There's that good straight right hand right through the guard and then the left hook. Engle's done well to take them. getting his hands up better, &gt;&gt; but Engel not really having much success himself. &gt;&gt; Come on, seconds out. &gt;&gt; Well, Billy Hardy was a fighter with a good solid European level pedigree and he was blown away inside 93 seconds by Hamemed in this very ring. And at the moment for Paul Engel, it's just looking too big a bridge to cross at the moment. Anyway, &gt;&gt; fourth round. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Engle will still be thinking that somehow he might be able to get to Hammed later on. &gt;&gt; He's really just got to get through, hasn't he, for the moment? &gt;&gt; Yes, he does. I think he'll be expecting maybe to to lose a few rounds. This is always when Hammed was very much on top and he'll be looking to come on stronger in the latter round. McCullik took an awful lot in the first three rounds, but was still there and then things just changed with Hammond. He had second thoughts and went back to going on the move. And I think Engel will be hoping the same thing can happen here. [Applause] accusation that's been fired at Nasim Mhhammed is that he sometimes gets a little bit bored if he can't knock his man out. That can only be based on a Mull. That's one decent right from Engle, but Hamemed comes straight back with a left hook of his own [Applause] gets through again with a shot. They've been precious few of those really. [Applause] He had a new trainer, but Hamemed's style is still based very much on everything he learned in the Winker Bank gym in Sheffield. This is Vanifer Engel having a bit more success now with some long range punching. Good defensive work Megan Hamemed missed there. &gt;&gt; Tremendous reflexes there by Hammed and then coming in with a quick shot himself. sometimes looks like he couldn't hit him with a bag of confetti. [Applause] I must say he feared the worst for Engel in the first round when he was down from the first significant punch. He's shown a lot of grit really to just try to stay with this. [Applause] Well, &gt;&gt; he's doing well. His defenses have been better in this round. Engle. It's the kind of fight bringing this where he could conceivably lose and still enhance his reputation if he puts up a respectable performance, but you get the feeling he's learning about world level fighting as he's going along here. Almost. Well, you you got the you sensed from your set that maybe they thought he was a little bit early. So, this could do him well. He jived at Hammond as he walked back to the corner angle. [Applause] That was a good right hand by Paul Engle. His most successful punch of the contest so far. Well, that was a better round for Engle. His defenses were much better. He was getting through with a few more punches. Not enough to win the round, but there was a a little bit just to get themselves a bit more excited about his chances. And there's what the computer is saying so far. Hamemed has landed 73 punches in just 29. Far greater punch economy too from Hammed. Just underlining really what you've been seeing. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Fifth round at a virtually sold out men arena here in Manchester and everything so far is formed. Two point round in the first and 10 ns for the the next three. This arena holds about 20,000 people by the way. That's Stan's scorecard. I think probably that's everybody's scorecard. And you hesitate to say that after some recent developments. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] in this fight. He's had some good wins in his career. He beat former world champion Colin McMillan. That was easily his best performance, throwing a 100 punches around, but it perhaps was a slightly faded McMillan. This is something else again. Hammet here. He's looking to hunt down the Hunter. Mohamad really a face of concentration. [Applause] switching styles occasionally as well. Some orthodox and back again. Good body punch right through the middle from Hammond. Then switching it to a hook up top. &gt;&gt; Just being very patient, isn't he, Hammed? &gt;&gt; Yes, he really is. Good punch economy from Hammed. He's not wasting very much. Trying to keep that head on the move. There is an attempt at that right uppercut, which is a punch unique to him the way he throws it in that corkcrew fashion. [Applause] Yes, does get there with the jab this time. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Managed to slip that one. Now a body shot from him. [Applause] but &gt;&gt; just totally unable to carry out what must have been the game plan to pressure Nasim Hamemed. &gt;&gt; Yes, they're unable to really make Hamemed work at a higher level. Hamemed still picking his punches, controlling the fight as he wishes there. Little bit of movement, good concentration from Hamemed. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] managing to get his hand up and just take that shot on the gloves, but he's not managing to score himself. And they're having a few verbs at the end of the round in what is a Yorkshire derby here, but really that's about the only thing they do have in common. the young millionaire Hammed with hardly a mark on him in his fleet of fast cars and the huge empire that's now building up behind him and Paul Engel the man who keeps whippets and ferrets up in Scarra be pleased that Engle's still there listening very tentatively to Oscar Suarez Good hooks from Hammed. Really getting a lot of power under those. Engle just managing to ride them going with the punch. Taking a bit of sting out of that body punch which was sunk in &gt;&gt; with some power too. Here's the sixth round. A lot of people thought that Engle would not get this far, that he'd be blown away. And in round one, it looked as if they were going to be right. &gt;&gt; Maybe that he was just caught and surprised by the first taste of that power and has grown used to it. Well, I think he has for a degree, but I think it's hard to get used to the power of Hamemed. When he lands correctly, he normally takes his opponent out. Good. quick right hand and then looking to really plant his feet at the canvas and deliver those left hooks. [Applause] There's that attempted uppercut again. Now can Engle start to step in behind a jab and start trying to work hand to the body. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] That's a good right hand this time from Engle. He's getting a little closer. &gt;&gt; And a jab from Engle, but he needs some punch with a bit of more substance just to make Hammed think more. [Applause] Another [Applause] right hand from Hamemed landing around the temple area showing pretty good durability in here now. Another good left straight through the middle from Hamemed. Picking up the pace looking for the heavy punches to go in now. Just wondering when Nessie will decide that he's ready to go in and start throwing those very hurtful combinations. Well, he's loading up now. He's looking to try and &gt;&gt; Here come the punches now. &gt;&gt; It's a bad period for Engle. Looks like Hamlet has decided it's time to just move through the gears a little. &gt;&gt; Don't think they'd want another fight that went to point, should they? I don't think so. [Applause] &gt;&gt; They want to get this up early. Decent left hook from Engle, but he's still having to shiver a lot. He's trying to get the gloves up, but Hammed really loading up there. You can see him just bending the knees, getting full power under these punches. Oh, lift to the body and he winched in pain as it landed. Paul Engle down on one knee. That's knocked a lot out of him. He's up at eight and easily up at eight. Joe Cortez and he may be ready here to be taken in the sixth round. Another body shot and Engle. Is he breaking apart? He came back with a left hook himself but got through the round and he showed amazing heart there. Paul Engle, he was really really hurt by that left sunk in by the ribs and you could almost feel it from here. &gt;&gt; Well, that was a credit to the fitness of Engle. He really had to dig deep to get through that. &gt;&gt; Meanwhile, Joe Cortez is asking the doctor to take a look, I think, at Paul Engle while you watch this. &gt;&gt; There it is. What a left hook. A really, really hurtful punch. Dips his head there. Is he going to make it? He got up, clenched his teeth, and went on. But that took an awful lot out of him. Oh, look at that wimp on the face. It's like John H. Tracy against Carlos Palamino. That wasn't &gt;&gt; I know that all too familiar myself here. Got some bad memories. &gt;&gt; I wasn't going to mention it. &gt;&gt; I did it for you. &gt;&gt; Here's the seventh round then. the round that Hamehmed beat Wilfredo Vasquez in in this very arena and also against Jose Badia which I still think is his best career performance. Well, this one I must say is not too bad. He's not doing very much wrong. Hamemed. Hard to criticize anything about this performance. [Applause] Oh, game. And gritty Engle is trying to put some shots through the middle. &gt;&gt; Engle must feel at times as if he's trying to fight an eel in there. [Applause] getting those gloves up, taking some of these heavy looking shots on the gloves. [Applause] Decent defensive work and then a counter from Engle [Applause] with a left hand again though. Engle found a little entrance through the side door there. Nessie. [Applause] &gt;&gt; That's a good right hand angle just having the odd success. That brings a little le onto the face of Hamemed this time. Another good body punch. He just took that one. &gt;&gt; Okay, he's looking for that body shot and it may be the key. It was the one that had Engel wincing in pain in the last round. &gt;&gt; Well, the punches come from every angle. Hurtful punches. How do you get a defense against an attack like this from Mohammed? [Applause] He was looking for that uppercut. It hasn't quite landed cleanly so far. [Applause] Engle not really known as a huge puncher himself. He's a hurtful one in clusters, mind you. Stopped a few opponents. &gt;&gt; Usually wears them down somewhere around the eighth round. &gt;&gt; He hasn't been allowed to hit Hammed with enough punches to weigh him down. &gt;&gt; No, just hasn't been able to get to him. Not for very long anyway in the odd success, but that's about it, isn't it? He's trying so hard with a bit of blood around his nose. Not much again. They have a little chat and it wasn't an invitation for tea either. Check on the Paul Engle corner. Mick Williamson's the man doing the cuts there. The London cab driver. Steve Pollard is the trainer, ex-pro boxer himself. and Frank Maloney I think you know about by now. &gt;&gt; Muhammad really's got to be somewhere a mile ahead on points and really I think on my call already I think Engel's got to force the stoppage to win this fight. &gt;&gt; Yes. I think Hammed won every round. &gt;&gt; Everything. And I've given him two two-point rounds. The first and the sixth. &gt;&gt; Yeah. The ones with the knockdowns. &gt;&gt; That's right. Yeah. &gt;&gt; But a little bit more success. He managed to dig to land with a a few more. But look at the stats of 66 punches landed for England, 127 for Hamemed. Massive difference. Here comes round eight. Then this is another favorite round of Hammeds to end the contest. He beat Tom Boom Boom Johnson and of course the night he won the title against Steve Robinson on a rainy night in Cardiff with a very hostile crowd all rooting for Robinson. It was a bit of a poisonous atmosphere if I'm honest with you that night. The Scarra fans have been pretty quiet here since that knockdown in the opening round. And I think in a way although they can appreciate Engle's bravery and he's trying so very hard, I think they can see that Hammed is totally dominant and the dream they had of going home tonight and celebrating a world title win for Scarra. Well, he just doesn't look on yet. And I think there's been a there seems to be a new maturity about the work of Hamemed. He looks he does look as if there are improvements in his work and in his temperament in there. He's been very unhurried and composed. Looks like he's thinking about it. Body shots again. A gumshield has come out. I presume that must be Ingos. Joe Cortez has got a hold of it. He'll wait. There's a lull in the action. The right uppercut by Hammed. He doesn't feel the L has come yet. It might not quite sure is it Hammeds or Ingles? The gum shield. &gt;&gt; Thinks it is Hammed. Well, I I assumed it had come out of Paul Ingles mouth cuz he' just taken a few punches, but it has to be rough and put back in. And on we go. Well, there was this feeling that Hamehmed's career was just in need of a coat of paint at this particular juncture as he moved into this second phase of the story, if you like. And although he's not managed to stop Engel, he really would be hardpressed to be too critical about the way he's dominated the fight. No, &gt;&gt; he's putting a cap of pain on it. It's not deulion, it's gloss in there. [Applause] And still Engel looks for a way in [Applause] still trying to close the gap down, get his punches on, but still nothing of any great effect. He's just pouring away. [Applause] It's better for Got through with a couple. A decent right hand from him there. body shot from Harry towards the end of the round and is quite badly damaged now around the right eye which looks to be closing Pauling looks swollen in there. Mick Williamson's got some work to do now. Then backstage and still to come, don't for goodness sake go away, we've got Thomas the Hitman Hearns, the legendary American. And for once that word is absolutely spot on, making his British debut at the age of 40 against Nate Miller, a former world champion himself. is no formality for Hearns at his age, but he is promising you a glimpse of the old hitman tonight. &gt;&gt; Yo, what's up, America? I would like to say hello to everybody back in the United States. I can't wait to get home. This trip's been wonderful. The people here in London are great. They treat me very well and but you know, and they're like home. So, I'm ready to come home. &gt;&gt; Say what? He's a He's a great fellow, I tell you. Out of the ring, too. &gt;&gt; Back to this one. Ninth round. Hammed winning everything so far. &gt;&gt; He's a great fighter, but his geography is not that good. We're in Manchester, by the way. [Applause] Being watched here by his now pretty big entourage, led of course by his brothers. It's very much a family concern. A family concern of whom Riyaf is the leader, but Hamemed is the boss. It all boils down to what he does in the boxing ring. It's a great hand again from Engle. I tell you what, he's shown some grit, hasn't he? Paul Ingle here. Tremendous to keep at his job under at times some heavy fire from Hamemed. He's done really, really well. He's done a lot better already than most people who've challenged for Brown. &gt;&gt; Still that blood from the nose of Hamemed. [Applause] Swiping away at that. Very rarely seen anybody draw blood. Left hand try from Engle there. That was a very good shot and I think that just for a moment and it certainly felt the weight of that one now then punch the angle corner really shouting at that one. Another good right from Engle. [Applause] He'll be hoping that Hammed slows down in these last few rounds. Maybe he can find him an easier target. He's 20 m behind on the scorecards. Oh, caught with the right hand and head jolted back there of this is his worst round yet. He's a little bit open mouthed as well. Hamemed, [Applause] you wouldn't think that much caused the concern, but a few good punches from Engle. is his his best little spell in the fight. &gt;&gt; He's just ruffled a few feathers here and the champion is caught again as he's tiring. He's just becoming easier to hit here. Hamemed [Applause] and again getting through. This is by far his best round in the fight and now he's on his bike. This is what we saw from him against Wayne McCullik. But still dangerous with those punches thrown from far out. Now he's gone back into that kind of limbo dance routine. Well, this is not good. He doesn't need to drop his hands there. He's starting to get caught in some good punches from Engle. This may not be all over just yet. We thought Hame was coasting to it, but listen to the scar of fans now. That was an Engles round. Well, that's the first angle round I've given of the whole fight. And there was um pause for a bit celebration in the angle corner, Hammet. Unusually, his mouth was wide open. A lot of blood around the nose. It just looked a little bit distressed when he got caught with a couple of those punches. [Applause] Be fascinated to know how the Americans are reading this because one or two of them were very, very critical of him after the McCullik fight. I think it'll be difficult for them to see it any other way. Hammer has really controlled this fight and this was really just the first bit of success for Engel. Hammer did look tired in this round. There was a good left in there, missed with a right, but time and time again he come with some good punches. I think ideally Hamemed would have been looking to have just picked Engel apart and to stop him somewhere around the seven the way it had all been developing. But Engel has shown massive resilience and heart and grit and in the last round fire too. This is the 10th It's &gt;&gt; looking harder work for Kamehameh at the moment. For the first time, it just looks as if he's having to think about it a bit. Engel just going in there confidence. &gt;&gt; Engle showing signs that for everything he's taken, he may yet be able to conjure up a decent finish here. That was good doubling up the hook and then a right hand. &gt;&gt; But he really needs a good effort. Nice left hand from Jame, wasn't it? But didn't Engle absorb it well. In an interview this week, he did Paul Engle was saying to me, I keep hearing about this power. What power? I need to be proved. It needs to be proved to me that he really is a big puncher. Well, I would have thought they knock out record spoke for itself, but &gt;&gt; it was defiant to &gt;&gt; I think he got a little hint in the first round that did have something of a punch, but he's done well to get over that. For the second time in a row here, is being taken into a long distance fight using boxing now, just looking to keep out of the way. Really, this is where Engel needs to make Hamemed work. If he's to stand any chance whatsoever, he's got to take the fight to a beautiful right hand. Listen now to the fans from Scarra who've come here in their thousands. Engle now has given them two decent rounds in a row. He's [Applause] evening up this. But in truth, I think I'm right in saying Paul Engle already needs a knockout. Needs to stop him. And he's getting through with his shots here. He's here just starting to go into a crisis because everything's landing. legs just looked a little shaky for a moment there. Hame little labor. &gt;&gt; Well, it looks concerned in the faces in the hammerhead corner. We haven't seen him hit like this before, I don't think. &gt;&gt; Suddenly it starts to look worrying for Hame in the 10th and he lunges there and misses by miles. No knock down, but a wee bit embarrassing. We still got enough energy left to do that. Well, this suddenly looks very interesting, doesn't it? It really does. I mean, we've never seen Hamemed pushed about like this and hit so many times. He's looking very, very tired. Some stats there. 27 landed to 11 from Hamemed. Good success rate from Engle. So what goes on in that corner now? It's Manny Stewart now beginning to do the talking. I think Manny Stewart is doing some talking in there now. So he's had Oscar Suarez while it was all going swimmingly. And I think that was the plan that Lennox Lewis's trainer Manny Stewart would have things to say if things got a bit bad. And as you can see most definitely good right hand. This is a slip lunging forward. But I think this is a sign of the tiredness of Hammed. And really, there's just two rounds to go. It needs a colossal effort if Pauling can pull this off. Well, Hammed for a long time in this fight, they've been putting up a pretty glossy, classy performance and a good advert for his new team. But Paul's determination has now just began to pose some serious questions. [Applause] Javan move tactics now by Hav who knows really he only has to stay on his feet to win. Oh, and he's got him with a countering shot with the left hand and that might have concluded it. Oh, it was a terrific shot. He scrambles bravely to his feet and he stopped. It is over in the 11th round and Prince Nasim Hamemed retains his title and that was his answer to the mini crisis that he found himself in. The old cast list behind the scenes has gone away but in the end the result is just the same and Hamemed is still champion. But what about that from Hamemed? It was superb boxing for the best part of it. He started to come apart a little bit looking tired but then went right when he needed to. He found the power. It came to the rescue again and an excellent shot from Hammed. Well, there was some drama there in the last couple of rounds. And we can have a look at this again. Just when he seemed as if the old Yorkshire hunter was hunting him there, it was a deceptive looking shot. &gt;&gt; It didn't look as if we see it here. Just a short little shot with a left hand just on the temple. &gt;&gt; And like all the great punches or many of them, it traveled about what 5 in. &gt;&gt; Very very short. Just watch it here again. Little bit. He's just standing square on right on the the top of the head just on the forehead. sort of place and um I think the titan has come through all at once for Engle as well there. &gt;&gt; Well, we're just getting our breath back from that as Engle just when he thought that he was really starting to get into it, albeit belatedly, Nasim Mamemed found that punch. It was a terrific punch, wasn't it? That &gt;&gt; it really was so short. But I mean it really is a testament to how much power he carries. What a brave brave effort though from Paul Engle. [Music] [Applause] Ladies and gentlemen, before we give the official time, we must indeed give our respects to the man who will not have his hand raised first. A round of applause for this challenger from Scarboro who came here tonight and gave it his all, Paulo. A great effort by Pauling who did not let those Scarra fans down. Pass the ball home for the bout. The official time 45 seconds of round number 11. The winner and still the undefeated WBO featherweight champion of the world, Prince [Music] Hammer. And 18 of his last 19 fights have been won by knockout or stoppage. The exception being the McCullik one. And Hamemed being cheered here to the echo as well. Not by everybody. Some of the Scarra fans obviously maybe giving him the bad treatment, but uh a lot of the time for a long time he looked really good in the fight. But what's the overall verdict, Glenn? &gt;&gt; Well, I think you you can't take too much away from it. It was a very good performance. You know, there was a little tiny spell where Engel got in the fight and he was in a little bit of disarray, but for the most part, Hamemed boxed very, very well with a great deal of polish. And you know, he proved the punch. If even he gets in a little bit of trouble, the punch can get him out of it. And it was overall, I think, still an excellent performance from Nazi Mamemed. &gt;&gt; Thanks to Glenn O'Neal for a moment. Barry McGwigan's verdict next. I thought Hammed obviously the old power got him out of trouble but he was dominating the fight throughout until the ninth 10th and it looked very looked very shaky and very disorientated in the 10th round and he got on his bike in the 11th and pulled it out of the bag with that right hand. The power that he has was always going to get him out of trouble when the going got tough. &gt;&gt; Jim W. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I thought it was an immaculate boxing performance for the first half of the fight. well in control. Paul Engingle made no impression whatsoever. The fight didn't really start until the ninth round when when Hamemed seemed to tire, which I think is a little bit alarming. He looked very tired in the 10th round as he staggered back to his corner. But the mark of a true champion is when when the chips turn against you that you pull out the equalizer. That's exactly what he did. I don't know if the people across the pond in America will be impressed by that overall performance. I don't think they will be. But at the end of the day, immaculate boxing, a one punch finish that they cap the job. a good night's a round of applause for Paul Engle. Gallons in defeat put up a fabulous performance soaked up punishment for eight rounds and then turn it on in the ninth even though we'd forgotten because it became an exciting fight in the 10th round. We'd forgotten the amount of punishment he soaked up in the early rounds and we felt that maybe he'd come on strong and his stamina would come on in the 11 and 12, but he just had taken too much in the early rounds and that final right hand just, you know, separated him from his senses. Uh but again, Hammed as as Jim said, showed the sign of a champion and pulled out pulled out that right hand, but I can tell you he did look desperately tired and desperately disorientated in the 10th round. &gt;&gt; Well, I thought a year ago it would take an exceptional fighter to beat Nasi Muhammad. Now, I'm not so sure. I think a real good top class worldass fighter could give him all sorts of trouble. There are certainly flaws which will never be ironed out. And if Paul Engle, no disrespect to Paul, but if he can give you serious problems, which he did in the 10th round. If Paul Engle had been a puncher, Naz could have been in all sorts of trouble. Paul unfortunately doesn't really punch at all at this level. So, more questions than answers probably tonight. &gt;&gt; Thank you, gentlemen. World class or not as a performance. He's a world class talker. &gt;&gt; Well, normally he is. And Ian is going to grab a word with him on his way out of the ring. Well, here he is now. Still the champion. Your thoughts on that one. &gt;&gt; What a wicked fight. I've got to give it Pauly com with all heart and it was a beautiful fight, you know. I mean, again, I hurt my hand early rounds. I mean, I make no excuses. It was a wicked fight. Great for television. And I'm back with my new trainer. Yeah. I mean, I'm I'm with my new trainer now and he's he's a brilliant trainer and I feel that we've got to get used to some sort of things that I've been training. So, it's going to take time to get used to a lot of things and we tried some stuff tonight and I hurt him to the body. I mean, not a lot of people see me throw the body shots I've been throwing, but I give all credit, you know, I I thank Allah for fighting, let me fight with one hand and having the heart as as as how I did and then take him out with a hand that was hurting. &gt;&gt; Let me pick up on that. Did you actually break your hand? Because that's the word we were getting at ringside. Have you broken the hand? &gt;&gt; Um, I think I have. You know, I'm going to get it x-rayed and see what it is. But end of the day, I've got the heart aligned. As I always say, I ain't getting beat. Um, Pauling came a great hot tonight. Some great excitement in there. &gt;&gt; You must have thought you were going to take him out early in that first round because the first big punch you landed with, he was on the seat of his pants. &gt;&gt; I knew I could feel some, you know, for the second round, you know, he went down. He took some good shots, but uh, he got back up and he showed his heart and I like Paul for that, you know. Uh, but end of the day, we're both safe and sound and he's been beat and he's been he known he was known when he he knew when he hit when when I hit him with that shot that it was pure pure power. What's your take? What's your take, Naz, on the the ninth and tth rounds? You were starting to look a bit tired and he for the first time he was starting to get to you. What what was your version of events there? &gt;&gt; Um he he did start coming forward. He putting the heat on really well and I give him that. Uh and he was catching me. Fair des you know I give him that. He's a good fighter and I think you know give him give him a certain amount of time and he be at the top. I think he may go up to the top. Um but I took them I took them rounds well. I took them rounds nice. You know, it was it wasn't it wasn't that my legs was gone at any time and I wasn't stumbling. It was a it was a very very good fight. I enjoyed it. &gt;&gt; And a heck of a punch you found to finish it. Just at a moment when he was thinking that he he may have had you on the run. I mean, you just found that left hand. It seemed to travel what about 6 in. &gt;&gt; That's what fighters have got to realize. I can hit you from from such a position. And I mean, not not a big distance. And at the end of the day, if that's so accurate, I'm taking you out. I mean late rounds, any round, any round I can take you out. &gt;&gt; Where does where does the story go from here now is because I think it's your last appearance in Britain for a while. The plan is Las Vegas, isn't it? Couple of fights in Vegas, &gt;&gt; you know. I don't know, you know, cuz I love fighting in Britain. I love fighting in Manchester. This is a brilliant arena and a brilliant crowd came tonight and I respect all the crowd for coming. The wicked crowd, but I do want to go over to the States and prove myself really well cuz I am going to prove myself against the best fighters out there, you know. Uh, so comes July, I reckon it'll be a good show down in the States somewhere. We aren't really organized exactly when, you know, and where. &gt;&gt; And a final word about Paul Engel. He's got 7,000 fans. Have you got a message for them here tonight? &gt;&gt; To all the fans, you've come to support a great fighter, a good fighter that maybe one day will be at the top of a heart of a lion. Not as big as heart as mine, but you know, um, a good fighter, a good fighter, but the prince the prince is on his own. And people are going to realize I've got a gift from God and I can put it out anytime at any time. Plus, I was winning that fight convincingly anyway. &gt;&gt; And the start of a new era for you. How did it all work with the new trainer in the corner? &gt;&gt; Great. I've got to give all respect to my to my brilliant new trainer off Squire is a lot better than the other one. Um, &gt;&gt; but um the whole setup now, my brothers, I've got to respect Riio Charles everybody out there. Prince Promotions, we're going to be running it. And I want to say a big thanks to the whole of Sheffield Wednesday, you know, and my my number one wicked physio Dave GI Maggie out there. Um, everybody's on me before the fight is a wicked setup and we're going to run it. So, &gt;&gt; thanks a lot, N. Well done tonight. Thank you. Thanks a lot. Spect. Next up,