Kind: captions Language: en Do you father and son have got a victory over the arch enemy? But what was beautiful Darren was seeing Chris Eubank applaud Conor's victory. That's the disrespect there regardless. They're never going to be friends, are they? But their respect there through those 24 rounds and he's just applauding the performance there from Conor Benn because it was punch perfect. It really was. They've done so well Adam the team but Conor to to implement that game plan the way he did was special. Absolutely superb. Jamie is with Conor now. Conor Benn It is Benn revenge, Benn redemption. Just tell the stadium and tell the world what on earth is going through your mind right now and how this feels. How does it feel? I got one on you Nigel. I got one on you mate. Hold that. Hold that. Yeah, do you know what? I want to thank everyone who's come out tonight. Oh, it's been some journey and I feel like this is the end of the Benn Eubank saga. Done and finished. It's over. I know Chris has twins coming and I've got my boy but this ends here. A completely different fight Conor from the first one in April and a completely different performance from yourself. What felt differently in the ring tonight for you? Well, everyone said I can't box. Put that in your pipe and smoke it. How about that? You pushed for the finish right until the very end Conor after 24 epic rounds with your arch rival Chris Eubank Jr. What do you have to say about him? Ah, it's gone quiet real quick. I mean, listen. I wouldn't this wouldn't have been what it was without Chris and our dads most of all. This is generational. This has never been done before in history. So, credit to Chris. Credit to Chris man. That's all I got to say. Thank you for for sharing the ring with me. We'll see if we can grab a word with Chris Eubank Jr. Wonderful to see there. It's not not bad for two silver spoon kids eh? Chris congratulations. Chris, the verdict from commentary was that even from round one you didn't quite look yourself in the ring tonight. What went wrong tonight Chris Eubank Jr.? Yeah, I've been through uh I've been through hell and back to get to this night and um you know, it is it is what it is. Um I tried my best and uh listen, the kid fought hard. He fought tough. Um He's got power this kid, you know. He was bigger on me bigger than me on the scales. I don't know how you did it. I'm looking at him. He's 168. I must have put on weight. How would that have gone up? But um listen, we put on a show. Um and uh yeah, Conor Benn was the best man tonight. So, congratulations to him. What's next for you Chris? I know it's very fresh but it is one a piece. Conor says it's the end of the Eubank Benn saga. What's your opinion on that? It's 1-1. I've got to go away and and deal with some of the things I've been dealing with over the last couple of months. And uh and who knows whether we will see something new with me in here maybe we won't but uh for right now it's all about this man. This is his night. Congratulations. Congratulations Chris but congratulations on being a wonderful sport and we look forward to seeing what is next. Conor, if it's not the trilogy next, back down to 147, what's next for Conor Benn? I fancy Barrios for the WBC world title. Ryan Garcia, Rolly Romero, Devin Haney, all of them youngs can get it any day of the week and twice on Sundays. Let's bring in your dad Nigel Benn. Where is he? Is he in the mix somewhere? Nigel Benn's over there. Let's bring in Nigel Benn alongside your son here Nigel. We're live around the world. If you just turn around Nigel and face the cameras here. How proud are you of your son tonight witnessing what you just witnessed in the ring? I don't know. I've I'm going to get him. He's He's got one up on me so you know, I know I'm going to get him but I'm so proud of what he's done tonight and um he stuck to his game plan. He worked the body. You know, I I I can't fault what he's done. You know, on the miss decision, he done what he had to do. Now he can drop back down to 147, win the WBC get rid of that intercontinental stuff, grab the real belt. Proud of your son. Well done, mate. Hearing those words Conor that your father's proud of you ultimately is that what all that really matters? That's all that matters. I come in here tonight and all that matters is my dad, me, my old man, the family feud. There was a lot of pressure on me to to settle it tonight. I felt the pressure. Not from the world, not from anyone but I just wanted to do the family name proud and like I've completed it, mate. I've completed it, mate. Forget everything else. It will forever It will forever be in history 1-0. Do you have a final message Conor before we bring in promoter Eddie Hearn for everyone who came out tonight? Um I don't know what you said. A final message to everyone who who came out tonight and witnessed another special occasion. &gt;&gt; big thank you to everyone. I won't be the man I am. I won't be the fighter I am. It's been some some journey. We've been through adversity. We've been through everything. And we're only just getting started. Seems like this is special for the whole family here in the ring for you tonight as well Conor. Didn't see you there. Where'd you sneak in? I'm so proud of you. We'll bring in promoter Eddie Hearn. Eddie was just letting the pictures tell the story there. Look, it's a family affair and it's wonderful to see. Wonderful to see the respect between Chris and Conor but what did you make of his performance? &gt;&gt; mean, you're crying. I'm not crying Jamie. I mean, this is this is what it's all about. People don't understand. Conor Benn left Australia to pursue his boxing career. You know, firstly with Ricky Hatton and then of course with Tony Sims and he gave up everything back home to live the dream of his journey. And you know, he's a great example to people who might not be able to see a way back. Last year or so there was no way back for Conor Benn. He was down and out. You know, he had bills coming out of his ear holes and you know, we're in this month of November at the moment and people need to realize he's an inspiration for those people. He He was done. The world was against him. He had no money. He was fighting cases. He was putting everything he had up for sale to try and win his case. He won that appeal. He came back. He boxed Chris Eubank Jr. twice and tonight he won by a landslide. It was a great boxing performance. It was a very different fight but now we do what his dad did which is now drop down to 147 and try and win a world title there. I believe he's going to do it. The whole team deserves unbelievable credit. Tony Sims took this young man on as a complete novice. We watched his professional debut at the O2. We were a little bit worried if he was there was going to be fight number two. He's just filled Tottenham twice and now he's going to go and fight for a world title. Tony and the team deserve a lot of credit but this young man works very very hard. From a man that comes from you know, some might say a privileged upbringing to be as tough as that is, to have that kind of work ethic and drive and hustle, he's some man. And I'll tell you what, like I said to people out there that are struggling, he was done. He was done and he found a way back and look at him now. He's on top of the world. Final words to you Tony Sims in terms of the game plan, how perfect was that? Well, like I said at the press conference, he had to make adjustments for the return fight and he worked hard to make them adjustments, use his feet more um counter what Chris was doing more and you know, I thought he he boxed well. He won nearly nearly every round. And it you know, the last round if it weren't so near the bell, I think it would have been over in that last round. So, he boxed outstanding. As like Eddie said, he's come from a complete novice into a world level fighter, jumped up two weights and beat a you know, a world class fighter ranked number three in the world in the Ring magazine. And uh we want to drop that back down to 147 now and box at his natural weight and win a world title and that's that's the aim now. Great stuff Tony. Eddie, thanks very much for speaking. Just congratulations of course to Conor Benn. Plenty to discuss. Back to you guys.