Kind: captions Language: en [Applause] Introducing first the challenger. He fights out of the red corner. He wears blue with gold trim. He scaled 139 and 12 lbs. Professional record, 22 victories, three defeats with 10 wins coming by way off knockout. He fights out of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. Here is the former IBF, WBO, WBA, WBC franchise, and Ring Magazine lightweight champion of the world, George Ferocious Cambosus Jr. Cambosus Jr. [Applause] and his opponent across the ring fighting out of the blue corner. He wears silver with black lettering. He scaled with the junior welter to weight limit of 140 lbs. Bang on. Professional record perfect 19 fights, 19 victories with seven wins coming by way of knockout. Fighting out of the beautiful burrow of Brooklyn, New York, USA. Here is the 2016 Olympian Duck, undefeated IBF junior welterweight champion of the world, Richardson, Hitches Hitchens. [Applause] Okay, [Music] I never see that. They got a queue. Oh, that's you men receive my instructions in your dressing room. Protect yourselves at all times. Touch gloves now, men. We're watching the bell. God bless you both. But Cambosus, I think he's got to take a page out of the Lamos book and try to make this a more physical fight. A fight at this range favors Richardson Hitchens. No, it favors him. But so far so good. What I'm saying. and lift the Cambosus. He doesn't have Laymo's power and think these wins out. Even that one to a certain degree as Richardson and Hitchens comes behind that long right hand and now back on the snapping jack during this camp has been the body work. They watched that fight between Cambosus and Basil Lachenko. Lomachenko just went hard to the body of Cambosus. Got the stoppage with body shots. That's something they think is going to work really well for them in this fight. Man, Hitchens is laser sharp right now with that right hand. Not that far into good left hook there from Hitchens. Trying to win a jab fight with Hitchens is not going to work because this is stuff like this is going to happen. Haney took two wins off of Cambosis. Largely behind the work of that jab, the straight right hand. They're different fighters, but Haney and Hitchens do fight a similar style. And that's the counters to the body that I was talking about earlier, guys. That's Cambosas. That's what he needs to do. He can't be too hard to upstairs. But anytime that Hitching sets in Ray just with both hands catch him downstairs. As surgical as Richardson Hitchens can be, what he can't remove is the resolve of George Cambosus. But that's also what's keeping him right in front of Hitchens and giving him that target. [Music] You know, Cambosus has to find a way to get on that front foot and push Hitchens back. When he's at this type of range, he's just going to be easy money for Richardson Hitchens. Oh man, right hand there from Hitchens. Right hand landing accurately with that right hand. We talked about the offense of Hitchens, but the defense is really sharp as well. One of Cambosa's best shots is kind of that jab that turns into a left hook. Hitches has kept that right hand up the entire time taking that weapon away from Cambosus. See there's a cover in the body there from Yeah, good shot there from Cambosus as Cambosus tries to get back on his jab. Good body shot by Hitchens in the inside. Cambosus hurts to the body. Yeah, Kambosus felt that one. He is hunched over and Richardson Hitchens is tasting blood. Lenko softening him up to the body. Can't both of them like it downstairs. The Hitchens corner told him you had hurt him to the body. How prophetic. With 40 seconds remaining in round five, Kambosa says, "Come on, that a knockout could be just around the corner." Hitchens is just so relaxed and he has no no respect for Cambosus right now. He predicted a stoppage and you know he keeps on touching and peppering him. I can see the stoppage especially if he keeps going downstairs. I just saw Cambosus winch just off that jab to the body as well. There's another one from Hitchens. Hitchens start stabbing him to the body. Even with that jab remind the gut of that pain that he had earlier. There he goes. That was a nice body shot by Hitchens. Nice left hook as well. Strong shotgun jab setting up that right hand. Hitchens just now pointed to the corner of Cambosus and yelled at him to stop the fight. Yeah. Prior to that, he had his palms to the sky asking Cambosus, "Do you want to keep doing this?" Shot straying low there from Hitchens as we're inside the final minute of round eight. You know, shades of Pil Lomachenko against Richard Comey a couple of years ago right here in Matt Square Garden where Lomachenko was put body shot from Hitchens and that may be a walk-off home run. The pain from the body lingers. It's not going to go away. This fight's over. That is it. Richardson Hitchens. The pride of Brooklyn shines at Madison Square Garden. Brooklyn stand up. He wanted the knockout. He went for the knockout. He got the knockout. Sergio performances do not get much more dominant than that. A+ performance. He went for it. He smelled blood. And those beat downs to the body softening him up with that jab. the straight right hand. He went for the kill. That's what you want to see from guys like Richardson Hitchinch. You want to see if they have that mean streak. They smell blood, you go for the kill. Killer instinct, Cory. That's something you can't teach. [Applause] A moment that Richardson Hitchens has no doubt dreamt of since he was a young boy. However he visualized it, Sergio, I'm sure this lived up to his dreams. Every listen, I'm a I'm a big believer of the hometown curse. I think it's fighters from the hometown always want to impress their fans going for the knockout and they usually don't look good. This was an A+ performance by the hometown fighter here in front of his fans. I mean, beating down ferocious Cambosus with right hands like that, not respecting the power, body shots like that. And you could see by the way that Cambosus grimace right there, opening his mouth. No way he was getting up from that shot. The pain from the last body shot was still lingering around. Cambosas had fun with that liver shot. everything off that jab. It was target practice by Richardson Hitchens. Not even breathing heavy, confident telling and yelling at the corner to stop this fight because their man was outclassed tonight.