Kind: captions Language: en You can't [Music] see that [Music] medic ever. I was on the show and I was on my show like a My beautiful me and Police as we watch Ryan Garcia begin his track here to Time Square to enter the ring. Antonio, I don't know that I've looked this closely before at Roly Romero. He has very strong legs. He's a strong, powerful fighter and a lot of his strength comes from the bottom. Pacquiao had very, very strong legs. He has a good base for his shots. You feel me? I just wish he had a little bit more rhythm and flow with his punches. This could be a dangerous fight. Not this is Romero's first fight at 147 and he told me this was a move that he should have made a long time ago. It's hard to believe that this guy once made [Music] 135. And if you wonder is it accurate to portray leg strength as an important factor in boxing, just look at Canelo. Look at his legs from all the years from horseback riding. And I believe that's the reason he's never been on his back, never tasted the canvas at any point in his career. Great point. Great point, Antonio. You fought in a lot of big fights and a lot of pay-per-views. This is going to be Romero's second pay-per-view headliner. The other being, of course, Travante Davis fight. How much do you think that experience will help him here? Uh, well, Ryan also has been like a pay-per-view fighter as well. So, not really. I mean, they know it's a big fight and they're going to hopefully rise to the occasion. Ryan Garcia prepares to exit from the Batmobile that brought him here. And now let's go to Mike. And now making his entrance to the ring, Ryan King. Got to see you. Ladies and gentlemen, this is Fatal Fury Time Square main event number three in the triple header. 12 rounds of boxing in the welterweight division. And it's all brought to you by the vital of boxing ring magazine and SNK Corporation, publisher of the famous video fighting game, Fatal Fury City of Wolves, along with promoters Oscar De La Hoy is Golden Boy Promotions, Eddie Hearn for Matchroom Boxing and Box Raw. This contest presented in association with Warriors Promotions and sponsored by Public Investment Fund. Visit Saudi STC SRMG Dr. Sulaman Al-Habib Medical Group, Saudi, the national airline of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, Jedha, Season, Milaf, Cola, NHC, Visit Carter, Core Group, Desert, Sky, Arab National Bank, First Data, and Cella. And now, ladies and gentlemen, we go to the sanctioning bodies. And this is sanctioned by the New York State Athletic Commission Executive Director Matthew Deagio. The three judges scoring on a 10-point system, Tony Powillo, Felisa Raldan, and Tom Shrek. And inside the ring, in charge of the action at the bell, your referee, Ricky Gonzalez. And now the Fatal Fury Time Square third contest of the evening. So for all those in attendance and the millions watching around the world live on pay-per-view zone.com, ladies and gentlemen, let's get ready to rumble. Introducing first, fighting out of the blue corner, wearing pink and yellow and weighing in officially at 146.6 lbs. His professional record 16 victories, 13 of those 16 by knockout against two defeats. Fighting out of Las Vegas, Nevada, USA, he is Rolando Rolley Romero. And across the ring, his opponent fighting out of the red corner, wearing blue and weighing in officially at 146.8 lb. His professional record outstanding. 24 victories, 20 big wins by knockout, only one defeat with one no contest. Fighting out of Victorville, California, ladies and gentlemen, Ryan King [Applause] [Music] Garcia. Gentlemen, you received the instructions in the dressing room. I expect a good, clean fight. Protect yourselves at all times. Obey my commands at all times. Touch them up. So, can these two fighters now establish the electric vibe that has been missing for most of the evening? This is has not been a thrilling boxing card in any way other than the setting and the quality of the fighter.