Kind: captions Language: en All right, ladies and gentlemen, from Sheffield, England, live on the zone. It's now time for the chief support of the evening. 10 rounds of boxing scheduled for the WBO welterweight championship of the world. set to make her ring walk. Please welcome the challenger, Terry Delta Harper. &gt;&gt; Well, what brilliant back and forward action we've had so far here tonight. And now we move on to the world title scene and an opportunity for Terry Harper here as she makes her way to the ringside area to become a world champion in a thirdweight division. Already the champion at super featherweight. Already the champion at super welterweight divisions 24 lbs apart. And now moving down. She still holds the WBA super welterweight belt. Moving down tonight to challenge for welterweight honors. reigning and defending WBO welterweight champion of the world, Sandy the Lion Ryan. It's been all change in the life and career of Sandy Ryan since she was held to a draw. Unfortunately, according to many at ringside by Jessica McCastile, now looking to build her reputation as a world welterweight champion. And to do that, she's relocated living and training out of Las Vegas. and the DAX gym and under the guidance of the man who's already in the ring above us flicks a boy. A calm approach to the ringside area for Sandy Ryan and looks across at a woman that she sparked many many rounds with in the past. Will that have any fairing on this huge night under the lights with a world title at stake? Ladies and gentlemen, from Sheffield, England, live on the zone, it's now time for the co-main event of the evening. And it's all being brought to you courtesy of Mr. Eddie Hearn of Matchroom Boxing. We're sponsored tonight by veterin stage front, Everlast, and Forged Irish Stout. This bout is sanctioned under the opaces of the British Boxing Board of Control. Your stewards in charge tonight, Ian Craig and Allan Olter and the World Boxing Organization. The president, Francisco Taco, the supervisor is Marian Palatine. Introducing your three judges scoring this world title contest from ringside. from England, John Leam. From Germany, Frank Michael Mas. And from Spain, Manuel Oliver Palmo. And at the sound of the belt, your third person in the ring, Aar referee, Mr. Marcus McDonald. And now, ladies and gentlemen, 10 rounds of boxing for the WBO welterweight championship of the world. Introducing first the challenger. She fights out of the blue corner and wears the red trucks with the white lettering. She's getting 10 stone 5 lb and 9 oz. For professional actor, 14 victories, one defeat, two draws with six wins coming by way of knockout. Here is the former WBC and IBO super featherweight world champion and the reigning WBA super welterweight champion of the world fighting out of deny England Terry Belter Harper and her opponent across the ring fighting out of the red corner. She is the defending world champion. She wears white and black and she scaled 10 stone 6 lb 2 oz. Her professional record, six victories, one defeat, one draw with two wins coming by way of knockout. Everybody out of Darby, England, HERE IS THE REIGNING AND defending WBO welterweight champion of the world, Sandy the Lion Ryan. Ryan, I both in the dress room. You know what I expect professors at all times. Obey my instructions and watch your race. Any questions? Let's go to work. &gt;&gt; Well, we've heard differing versions during fight week as to how these many sparring sessions between Terry Harper here and Sandy Ryan went in the past. But as the line in the old song goes, there's three sides to every story. Yours, mine, and the cold hard truth. Who will find the answers here tonight? 10 rounds for the WBO version of the world welterweight title. Two women who were each held to a draw last time out. &gt;&gt; Harper begins the assault to the body. &gt;&gt; She came up really fast there. Sandy Ryan trying to make a statement with that long jab. But Kevin gone for the sharper shots here of Terry Harper. &gt;&gt; I like this. Both girls have started fast. Good pace. &gt;&gt; Shannon Ryan drawing us here at ringside for this world title contest over 10 two minute rounds. Harper saying that she's much more comfortable down here in the welterweight division. Although she still does hold the WBA title up at super welter. &gt;&gt; You think do you think Sandy be rather double that jabber? Couple of good jabs, but then H was counted really well through Dolphin. &gt;&gt; Jab there from Har. &gt;&gt; I like how the the the work from Sandy. It's um it's not being smothered. She creates a space every time. &gt;&gt; Yeah, she works off the jab. just use that as a as a rangefinder to lose the body. Well, &gt;&gt; it's a good shot. Nice working defense by Harper, but having made Ryan miss, didn't make a pay. And Ryan goes on the attack again in the closing stages of the opener. early already. &gt;&gt; Stay to that B. &gt;&gt; Walter, don't worry about gum shield. &gt;&gt; Listen, this is the kind of fight we're going to be in. Yeah. You feel all right? Good. That's good. Gloves start tight. You're taking them on. Gloves. That's good. Just keep doing what you're doing and whack it low. Don't go low. Yeah. Just don't go. Suck it up. We know it's going to be this kind of fight. Yeah. Look positive. Good shape and drill your jab. That's the first round in. All right, that's it. Stay focused. &gt;&gt; Good girl. Speaking of fit, &gt;&gt; 10 seconds corners. Second up, round two. &gt;&gt; Well, Stephie Bull in the corner there, eager to ram home the encouragement for Terry Harper after that opening round. A bright start by Sandy Ryan. And Ryan getting through with some really heavy punches at the beginning of this the the second round. To be fair, she land some good shots there and Hara didn't panic. It was a worry for me that Har does panic when she gets caught clean. But to be fair, she rode that quite well. &gt;&gt; That's good work though from Ryan. A strong &gt;&gt; Ryan prepared to make massive changes in her life and career. Training out of Las Vegas, we saw her over there for Connor Ben's most recent contest deep into camp. She said at that stage she hadn't even been down the famous strip. So committed was she to the cause planning ahead to this big night here tonight which could lead to so much with so much going on around this welterweight division at world championship level. &gt;&gt; I think Sandy making that move was a was a um a wise decision as well. I think when she had that loss to Faras and then she corrected that wrong um she's just been a different fighter. He's so sharp &gt;&gt; and a little bit sharper here though to the two I think as well. I think &gt;&gt; Har some good counters but I think just the aggression here of Ryan been quite important working Harour here at the minute Sandy Ryan. &gt;&gt; Good shot from Har. Noticeable though that Ryan just took that and carried on steaming forward into the frame. &gt;&gt; And now it's Ryan's chance to land solidly at the end of the round. And that did appear to trouble Harper. You smothering yourself, right? I want you to stay to the body. Okay? Stop smothering yourself and leaning in. Okay? STAY SMART. YOU GOT THIS IN THE BACK, BUT YOU GOT to look. You got to stay smart and stay tight. Stop smothering yourself. Now look, I want we start. We telling you jab up and down. Up and down and then go to the body. Look here, man. Body shot down. Keep that body. I do not want you to pause that body. Let that body move. Take a deep breath. Control your breathing. You got it. Listen. Use that that jab up and down. And then when you get there, stop sitting there. Boom. Boom. Can they give me angles? &gt;&gt; Now look at the same time. Push her back. You ain't got to go. You ain't got to go. Check it out. Round three. &gt;&gt; Instructions in the corner there from Flicko and also down outside the ring from Koma known for his work with Shakur Stevenson. And both of them &gt;&gt; urging Sandy Ryan to concentrate more on the body shots. I think it's just important for just keep that energy to keep staying aggressive. Just just move behind the punches. Don't walk too close before you let the hands go. &gt;&gt; I think Terry needs a lot more faints. Draw Sandy out and then capitalize on what she's doing. &gt;&gt; That's a good call. Alice, that really good call. body shot there from Ryan. And the physical strength is evident, isn't it? In the favor of Ryan here. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's noticeable. You can see it. &gt;&gt; Even though it's Harper who is actually coming down in weight, but remember, she was world champion first of all at super featherweight. World champion in two divisions, 24 lbs apart. But it's Ryan who's looking like the more accomplished, the stronger welterweight at this stage coming towards the last 40 seconds of the third round. And Ryan obeying the urgence in the corner to go to the body. Fighting well off the ropes here, Terry Harly. A lot of left out there. THESE ARE BIG SHOTS FROM RYAN INSIDE THE LAST HALF A MINUTE OF THE THIRD ROUND. AND HARPER HERE NOW HAS TO HOLD ON. DESPERATE TIMES FOR HARPER. THE tongue comes out. &gt;&gt; Moves away, SWAYS AWAY. NOTHING coming back from Harper. &gt;&gt; Brian here sensing a big win INSIDE THE DISTANCE. CLOSING seconds of the round. Will Harper hold on just take a deep breath. Relax for me. Please relax. I need the nose. Relax. &gt;&gt; Relax. Look, you got Wow right there. You could have stopped her, but you got to put them together. Stop trying to amateur style. Sit down and place your shots, bro. &gt;&gt; Take a deep breath. I need a big deep breath right here. &gt;&gt; Hey, look. That up. That stick up. Step back. &gt;&gt; Some lovely work here from Sandy Ryan Shan. &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, definitely. She's sharp. She's strong. Um, I just heard them now to say that she nearly got her out of there and to sit down more on her shots. &gt;&gt; There was a time there. She's landed with about three or four punches. Straight shots there, Sandy Ryan. And it just looked like I mentioned that panic in the moment when she gets hurt and it looked like a surface there for a second. &gt;&gt; Yeah, this round Tony get back on her jab and then hold when she's in trouble. Round four. &gt;&gt; Blitz boy in the right corner. Hard to please saying that she rushed her work at the end of that third round in which she could have forced a stoppage. Had those 60 seconds been enough for Harper to recuperate. The former two-weight world champion. How does she respond now at welterweight in a bid for a third title? And even though it's important for for Ryan not to rush her work, she has to, like I said in the round before, maintain this energy, keep this pace up, &gt;&gt; don't let Harper get rid of him for work again. This is a strong spell from Ryan. Driving Harper back onto the ropes now. &gt;&gt; Try and get a jab and pay here. Har. Oh, what a shot. This is where Sandy's got to think about the work and think about the shots. &gt;&gt; Listen to the message in the corner. Don't smother the work. Wait for the opportunities. They will come. Harper is under severe pressure here. Second minute of the fourth. Ryan's Ryan doesn't need to move BE CLOSER AS SHE'S THROWING. SHE'S ALREADY planted her feet in range. Just keep throwing the shots. &gt;&gt; And only move when your opponent moves back. like that. That's a perfect example of it. &gt;&gt; Oh, these are heavy shots and referee Marcus McDall step closer there just for a moment. Half a minute to go in the fourth round. &gt;&gt; That's if I'm going to show something here. Ryan getting a bit wild in her work here. &gt;&gt; Desperate in the closing stages of the round once again to try and force this early stoppage. &gt;&gt; Three in a row at the end of the round from Sandy Ryan. Look, you take a look. Steppy ball in the corner with Terry Harper has decided that there will be no more celebrations for Sandy Ryan and even a smile in defeat from Terry Harper accepting that she was a long way second best on the night in her attempt to become a three-weight world champion. found a champion in Sandy Ryan who was inspired on this night. She's changed her life and her career and we saw that in evidence in that performance here tonight. There was an urgency but there was a brilliency also about the way that she dismantled Terry Harper. That was a clinical performance there by Sandy Roy. Accurate in her finishes. Every time she launched an attack, she didn't she barely barely missed with any shot there. And she knew she had to be aggressive against maybe the better boxer in Terry Harper. But look at this. Look at this Shannon. Fantastic work. &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, I think it's brilliant. And female boxing, we need this. You know, two domestic two domestic um girls fighting and they both wanted it and um you know, Sandy come out come out on top and um I thought it was a brilliant performance um from her and you know, she said she wanted to show her spite and show that she's um top of the division and she's showing that &gt;&gt; and I thought tactically fantastic. She she used her physical strength when she pushed it away, punching long, pushing her back and the accuracy was fant. That's a real standout performance there from a woman who already should have had her career best win in her last fight. She gets it here tonight. And that embrace with Seavoy in the corner and Sandy Ryan has been very open about this whole mission of hers to go to Las Vegas. It hasn't always been easy, she said, but it's worked tonight. Cinco deayo weekend and it's the all Mexican clash. Canelo. Up next for him is this man Ha Mongia. Saturday May the 4th live on the zone. And let's get the official time now from David Diamont. Ladies and gentlemen, referee Marcus McDonald calls a halt to this contest as the corner, the blue corner throws in the towel during the interval of round number four, declaring your winner by TKO. And still the WBO welterweight champion of the world, Sandy the Lion Ryan. And that was the most accomplished performance of her career so far for Sandy Ryan. And look at that record now down there at the bottom when you consider that this was only the ninth contest in her career. In the background there, her new manager Ryan Peters there who's been with Katie Taylor for every moment of Taylor's professional career. And Sandy Ryan here has been sparring with Katy Taylor in particular in the buildup to Taylor's rematch against Shantel Cameron. And Taylor was very quick to credit Sandy Ryan with giving her the kind of preparation she needed to beat Cameron second time around. Wonderful performance from Sandy Ryan. And let's get her verdict now up there in the ring with Jamie. &gt;&gt; Sandy Ryan. Congratulations. What a performance. She said after the draw against Jessica McKascal that this week you were more focused than ever. that was dominant. Just tell us what's going through your mind right now. &gt;&gt; Um, I'm just happy. I just want to thank I want to thank Eddie. He's believed in me since my pro debut and my new manager Brian. I couldn't thank him enough. And my new training team, Flick and K. Um, and thank you to all the derby people, all my family friends, and also also Terry's fans. She's got a really good support. So, yeah. You laughed off claims in the buildup, Sandy, that Terry could take you to deep waters tonight. The confidence you'd both taken sparring. You you've taken confidence from the sparring, rather. Just talk to us about the difference in here tonight. What was the difference between the pair of you in this ring? &gt;&gt; Um I just I just believe in myself and I've I've done this all my life and now it's time for me to be getting the rewards. I'm I'm taking myself away out of country training, away from my family and friends for so long. And um yeah, and and like thank you for Terry for being my dance partner tonight because I knew deep down like she knew that we had hard spars, but you have to build it up, don't you, in the fight? So I respect her massively and she knows that. &gt;&gt; The final moments, could you understand why Stephie B had seen enough in the corner? What was going through your mind when the fight was waved off? Yeah, after around was it three or four, I just started to put the pressure on and then when I could see her faded, I thought there's no way I'm taking a back foot here. And my coaches were like, be more smart with it. Sometimes I'm a bit reckless. So that's what we're going to go back in the gym and work on. Be more me and what I can do. Don't be reckless and thinking, oh, I'm going to stop it right now. But yeah, &gt;&gt; promoter Eddie Hearn, let's bring you in as well, Eddie. You keep talking about these 50/50 fights on this card. This was a brilliant fight for you to make both matrum fighters, both world champions. What did you make of that? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it was it was a very special performance. You know, we knew before tonight she's the best welterweight in the world. She beat Jessica McCascal comfortably. She should have been the unified champion. And the bounce back from there has been great because mentally that was difficult. And you start with a new a new training team, new surroundings. How's she going to react? And it was all the product of her hard work in the performance tonight. It was a great performance. You know, it was a dominant performance, a spiteful performance, and she is the best welterweight in the world. Now, somehow we got to make sure we collect the other belts because that's the aim. That was a big fight tonight. She cruised through that, but you know, that was a special performance from from the number one in the division. Sandy, when you look at the options, they are plentiful. Obviously, we know Lauren Plyice faces Jessica McCascal later on this year. Tasha Jones holds a belt at 147. Chantel Cameron's in the house tonight. That's been a fight that's been spoken about for yourself. What do you like about the options? You're in a great position. &gt;&gt; Yeah, like um any big fight, Eddie knows me by now, but like you got the WBC that's vacant and then Tasha Jonas, Shantel Cameron, and all the big names I we can make big fights in in the female division and it's showing from tonight. &gt;&gt; Sandy Ryan, congratulations. And still massive performance, big statement tonight. Well done. &gt;&gt; Great performance from Sandy Ryan. best performance of her career, I think it's fair to say. Biggest win of her career, definitely. And as she mentioned, Lauren Price, Lauren Price takes on Jessica McCascal. If she comes through that one, what a unification fight that will be. All right, coming up next, the latest fighter to come