Kind: captions Language: en Who's trained harder? Who has more professional metal? Who desires this business more ECHO FROM MCRAIL AND THE HAND SPEED OF THE who shoved down. It was such a terrific team that Rob McCracken took to to Tokyo. But Peter McGra before they went, he didn't medal. Before they went, he was top of every promoter's list. Everybody wanted him. And you CAN SEE WHY WHEN HE'S ON FIRE, McGra is absolutely super shot back to the body. I think when Massude holds the center of the ring, either fate or throw a shot, don't just let Pete McGra then push you back. YOU'VE DONE THE HARD POSITION WHERE YOU NEED TO BE. That was a lovely right hand. Beautiful right hand FROM SHAB MASSOON, WHO'S having the best round of the fight so far. Body shots back from Mcgra who's brought plenty of fans from Staffordshire. &gt;&gt; Oh, nice right hook there from Shabbaz. Yeah, it's just more of a rhythm, isn't there, to the work on Massude and Barry Smith, absent of the corners tonight. He actually had an injury earlier, believe it or not. Fell down the stairs, was rushed to hospital, but he's here ringside somewhere. I just seen him. &gt;&gt; I was just thinking, where's Barry? Cuz I had a drink with him earlier. A COFFEE. WHERE? WHERE'D HE GO? Oh dear. remember that he defended his world title. That was up at the casino in the squad. Good shot there from Shabas. HE'S HURT JUST FOR THE FIRST time in THE FIGHT IN THE NIGHT. AND AGAIN, BACK HE COMES FOR HERE WE GO. BODY shots from the go AGAINST a minute INTO THE NINTH ROUND. LEE Wing definitely hurt TO THE BODY MALE AND HE'S BEEN STOPPED BEFORE. Terrible moments these for McGra. He's looking hurtful. Punishing is Massoon. Can't miss it. The minute either the shots raining in from he earlier on in the round. I think he's still very very hazy. Peter Mcra, but he had one of them. But Chabas Masu is one. Oh, a collection of rounds. Back comes McGra and needs to &gt;&gt; may well go the full 12. He's got jab that body more. He had real good success a few rounds ago. Everybody's done that. Just complete didn't need that at this stage. A point off from referee Jeppe Coroni and Peter McGra. Well, MATT MIGHT NOW FIND himself a couple of rounds down. More a point off I think could be crucial. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, that could be huge. &gt;&gt; Close fight. It really was. It was some brilliant boxing from both. The way that Massud navigated himself through the middle rounds, that could be the difference. Like you said, there was a very good start from Pete McGra. finished the fight for the last two rounds anyway, but there was a big chunk of that middle part of the fight that Massud controlled. Could that be the difference? &gt;&gt; I absolutely love watching Peter McGrael. He's a bundle of energy. The first three or four rounds, I thought he was brilliant. I'm not sure he did enough in the middle. The point of I think Chavaz Massie might just stick this and become a European champion. But whatever happens, it was a cracking watch &gt;&gt; and maybe fortunate not to get a point taken away of his own massud at the end because that shot in the back of the head was thrown and aimed right at the back of his head. But what a performance from both fighters. Look at the the respect between the two is just why we tune in and watch this wonderful sport week in &gt;&gt; week in week out. I tell you what, the body language from both, they both look like winners to me. You know, I think from what I'm seeing and from the caps, they both feel they've done enough to win this. And I tell you what, whoever gets it, the other will come back. We could have a rematch. They both got exciting 2026es ahead. And they both learned something from this as well. Very well matched, real 50/50. And it was exactly that. &gt;&gt; And I think without a point, I think it would be money on a draw right now if I'm perfectly honest. I think if he didn't have the point taken out, we've got a draw. It seems like six rounds each. &gt;&gt; The point taken off. Will that be the demon in Peter McGreel's head tonight? Or will the judges be kind for the allout aggression and the quality he showed early on in the fight? Or will Ben Davidson get a winner? He lost with Pat McCormack. Shabas Massud, will he remain undefeated? Who's European champion, David? Ladies and gentlemen, after 12 rounds of action here in Monte Carlo, Monaco, we go to the judges score totals. Freddy Rafa 116 1111. Uva Lortza 115 112 and Vladislav Kadikas 114 113. All for your winner by unanimous decision. He's still undefeated. And the NEW EUROPEAN super bantamweight champion, Shabaz, Maverick Massud, unanimous by five, by three, and by one. I think that's the right winner. She Massud is the European super banterweight champion. maybe wider for one or two of you might have had Peter McGrael with that point off of course as well but for me deserved it and he remains undefeated but Mcgra could come again absolutely and you can't argue that it was close no doubt those middle rounds when he sort of recovered didn't he after that fast start from McGra he just controlled it didn't he done really really well Massud and for sure McGra can come back but this man here. European champion will push on to bigger and better things. Adam, &gt;&gt; the cards by three by one. Yeah. By five. A bit unfair for Mcgra. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think but as I heard that card, I knew she had got it. When I saw the 116 111, it was almost like there's only going to be one winner from that one because that's probably the way it went. Not that far, but he probably just edged him out in those middle rounds. Mass with the quality punches over the course of 12. Great winner and Jamie's with him. &gt;&gt; Shabbaz Massud. Shabbaz, congratulations. European champion. How does that sound? And how does this victory feel here tonight in Monte Carlo? Yeah, first of all, I just want to say all praise be to Allah. With Allahh, nothing is impossible. And you know what? It was a it was a wicked fight. I know I was up against it as well. People had me as the favorite, but I know Peter's pedigree. Yeah, even fighting in there with him, I could see what he was doing. He's a very skillful fighter, so credit to him as well. &gt;&gt; You believed it would be your ring IQ, which would win you the fight tonight. What What do you believe made you the superior man in here through 12 rounds? &gt;&gt; I said that, man. I said about the IQ before I walked in. I was saying to my coach Lee Wy, the man with the laptop. I was say, "Yo, I'm going box Floyd today with my jab." And he goes, he goes, "Yeah, actually did as well." So &gt;&gt; fast start from Peter Mcgra. You've been out the ring for a little over a year here tonight, Shabbaz. be surprised by the pace of the start he made tonight. &gt;&gt; You know what? I'm a seasoned professional. I've had I've been 12 rounds. I know when to pick it up, how to start. And a lot of the time when I start, I just take information in and uh over the rounds, it just started getting easier and easier. So, alhamdulillah. &gt;&gt; And after European comes world, we know you've got big plans in this sport, Shabbaz. What percentage do you think we've seen of you so far in this story? &gt;&gt; Shout out my boy Cameron Vong over there as well there. And I just want to say I've got big plans, man. I've won the IBO world title last year. I won the EBU. Uh this could have been for the British, but it was in Monaco, so it couldn't get on the line. But uh alhamdulillah, the thing is I'm struggling making Super Bantam. I don't mind moving up anyone for a world title. And I know Nick B's world champion at further away. So if he wants some, let's get some, man. &gt;&gt; If it is Super Bum, would the Maverick fancy a shot of the monster? Na &gt;&gt; 100%. I'm in here to box world champions and top guys. If I could box in, I'd box him for all the belts. He's one of the bound for pound best. But I I respect him, but everyone's beatable. But I would like to move up eventually as well. I struggle making the weight. And there's another British world champion at the weight above. Nick B. He's from their gym as well. I'd love that fight. &gt;&gt; What a fight that would be. Let's bring in promote ready herd. First lead. Do you believe the right man won tonight in the main event? &gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. Listen, it was such a high level fight. It was a world class fight. Like you said, McGra started really well. He had an early lead and Shabbaz just went through the gears. I felt like the inactivity would play a part. Maybe he needed those rounds and I thought he was fantastic in in the middle and late rounds. Peter rallied well in the 12th, but it was a great performance. And you know, as he joked to me in there, he said, "We've come a long way since Jose San Martin." And you probably don't remember that a lot of people it was like a mediocre performance. &gt;&gt; Failed on TV. &gt;&gt; Exactly. And and I said, "We need better." And we got better. The Liam Davis victory was massive. And that Peter McGra victory as well. That's massive. That's two top 10 guys he's beaten. No, and you know, respect to both for taking the fight in the first place. And you know, the only natural step after that European Championship is a shot at the world title. You know, unfortunately or fortunately, all the belts are held by one man, which is Anayou was in this ring last year and I called him out for Akmadv. And listen, this guy's a serious fighter, but this is what they aspire to be. You know, I've heard Naou is a massive fan of Stoke. So, you know, whether he wants to make the trip over there as well, we'll see. But &gt;&gt; listen, &gt;&gt; I don't know if he's got it in him for a cold drain. He installed. &gt;&gt; But that is, you know, as he said, we'll have to talk to to Ben about the move to to 126 as well. But, you know, I'd love him to get a shot at that world championship if it move means moving up and taking on some big domestic fights at world level. Nick B, great fight as well. Great fighter. &gt;&gt; I need to move up, Eddie, man. Everyone's saying you're too skinny. If I pack a bit of muscle on with them punches, you know what's going to happen, man. That' be a serious fight against Nick Paul as well. &gt;&gt; Yeah, look, you know, I mean, not many people are going to want to take on Shabbaz. They know his skill, they know his quality, and I think you're going to see him punching harder at 126 pound as well. So, it's a little bit about strategy now, but you know, it's been a little bit of a frustrating year after that great Liam Davis win, but what a way to end it. You know, a massive win. Respect to Peter McGra. He'll be back, but tonight belongs to Shabbaz Massude. &gt;&gt; Shabbaz, final message in closing tonight. Uh, massive thank you to Eddie Hearn, Mat Boxing in the Zone, and a massive, massive special shout out to my team, Ben Davidson, Lee Wy, my uncle Mo, my dad. My dad's been behind me since the start. My whole family, Jumbo, but I want to give a massive massive like special to Mr. Wy. Lee Wy is a man passed away this year and this fight's dedicated to her cuz he come straight back to camp and he stayed with me and he put the work in with me. So, I appreciate you and thank you for everything. &gt;&gt; Great words, Shabbaz. Congratulations. We look forward to what is next. Eddie, final one to you as we let Shabbaz.