Kind: captions Language: en He scaled 128 and 3/4 lbs. His young professional record thus far perfect. Two fights, two victories, one of them coming by way of knockout. Fighting out of North, New Jersey. Please welcome Zquinn Moses. Moses. All right, seconds out. All right, gentlemen. Went over the rules earlier. Most important, protect yourself at all times. Obey my commands at all times and give me a good clean break. Good luck. Touch them up. Give him a shoulder. Here we go. It's four rounds in our main event on Before the Bell. Zaquin Moses in the brown trunks and Alex Pai in the red trunks here from Boardwalk Call in Atlantic City, New Jersey. As we close in on the main card coming up on the zone, 800 pm Eastern leading into the main event tonight, Geron Bhennis, Aman Stanionis for the title unification at 147 pounds. And Zquinn Moses facing a taller opponent, a 5'11 fighter. He says that's nothing new. He's done that plenty of times in the amateurs. I already like uh Zquinn mentality. You said earlier he said he wanted this to be his last four rounders. I remember coming up I was pro I think 19 years old and I I wanted to get to six rounds ASAP, you know, because I didn't seen a lot of fighters lose before get a draw just by slipping and that's already a 108 round. So you want to get out of four round fights early, especially if you feel like you ready for that level. So Zquin, he's ready for that. He turns 20 later on this month. Is a taller opponent, but you could tell Moses is is fuller. He's got a wider physique, broad shoulders, and doesn't look like he has any issues making weight at 130 pounds. Moses is a sharp puncher with a quick jab, and he just didn't have the time to really display anything back on January 25th. His opponent, Mario Garcia, had a quit on his stool because he hurt his bicep. We see some stab jabs to the body from Moses. setting up. Setting up the big shot, taking his time. I like that one. Although it didn't land fully. I like how he's staying in position. He's not taking a step back. Staying in position and not giving up ground. One thing about Moses that you notice since he made his first ring walk in his debut back in November at Wells Fargo Center, he looks like he has the ability to slow everything down. I mean, that comes from being his his big cousin, Shakur Stevenson. Being in the gym with a guy like that, a mentor, that takes you to a whole another level, especially IQ wise. You know, Zay is special. I boxed Zay when he was probably 16 years old and I didn't I didn't hold back too much on him and he he held his ground and he held his own. He's smaller than me but he's very skillful. Kle's been a pro for just over a year. Won his pro debut, three straight losses after that. And he's trying to create a little distance against Moses, but he's failing to do so. Good left hand to the body. He felt that he felt that he did. Whenever a fighter shake their hand, shake their head like that as they shot. Ro giving him a taste in round one with that body shot. What will follow in round two? [Music] Oh, that's The body shot right there. That was it for Zaquan. He He still feels like the focus in camp again. Three fights in 6 months now. It's still to keep sitting down on those punches. You can never do it enough. You can never practice him enough. Coming up as a new pro, he said he wants to make sure they all mean something. He has power. I've been in the ring with him for his size, his age. He has power. So, He's just got to find a way to deliver it. The defense trying to land a one, two. Moses backing away. I expect Zay to keep going back down to that body. Comes upstairs with a left hand, then a right. work in there. You got to work in there. You don't wait for the ref to to say break. Moses is doing a good job when he's jabbing. It looks like he's jabbing toward the solar plex. Taking the win out of him. I don't see this lasting too long, but it's up to Zay how long he went to last. They really can't. It's four rounds, right? There's so little time if you're a young pro in those four round fights to make an impression or the impression that you want to make on the judges. Right. And he sideswiped Ple with that left hand. P laughed after he missed that shot. He laughed as if he was saying, "What? You thought you was going to hit me with that? Moses nearly connected with the check right hand. Hanging him on. There's a left hand that connects by Zquin Moses. Good body. Good shot. He counters with that shot to the body, then came upstairs, scraped the chin. Zaquin Moses, one fluid motion going to work here in round two. You know what I like about Z? He's using his eyes. You can see his eyes is open. He's looking for them shots in there. There's a punishing left and P forced to take a knee and he tips his cap to Moses. [Applause] That's it. Fight wave off Moses returns to the Garden State with a second straight stoppage. Well done, young man. Well done. He's been dug as the future of American boxing. You're getting a peak as to what everybody's talking about. I told Z a long time ago, he's special. Trust me, he is the future of American boxing. Eddie Heard was talking about it in between fights. Starting to come out of his shell a little bit as well. It's great to see. That means you're only getting more comfortable. Yeah, he's getting comfortable as a pro. This is where he wanted to be. He probably was looking up to his big cousin saying, "One day I'm going to be right where he's at." and now he got the opportunity and he's maximizing it. So a terrific performance for Zquin Moses. There's his grandfather Wally Moses. He returns home here to New Jersey and picks up the win in Atlantic City. He said he won't have that surreal feeling about fighting in his backyard until he does fight at Credential Center one day. That's the spot there in Grand Garden Arena. Those are the two venues for Zaquin Moses that he wants to fight in most. Taking a look at some of the action here from that second round and what led to the stoppage. That's textbook right there. That's textbook. Staying in position, blocking the shot, not giving up ground, embracing the shot, and coming right back with his shot. And I think Pate wanted to continue. The referee, David Franciosi, sensed where this fight was going and he made the right call. What I like most about tonight, he used his eyes. You can see when when the guy was punching, he was looking looking for a shot and that's what that's what you want to see in a young fighter, IQ. When you're regularly sparring Shakor Stevenson and Ray Ford, nights like this, they look easy. I'm sure they aren't, but Yeah, you're not going to get tougher sparring every single day than that. To have nights like this, sparring guys like uh, you know, Raymond Ford and Shakor Stevenson. To have nights like this, you probably got to go through a lot of nights of getting your butt whoop, you know what I'm saying? But it pays off, especially as a young special fighter like him. And you can see it's paying off. In those moments, you're getting schooled. You may not realize you're getting better until nights like this come to your front doorstep. I remember sparring day and I put it on him and then he was like, "Yo, yo, um, Richardson's going to do this and do that." And like, "Okay, watch this. When me and Richard box, I'm going to show you what what and what not to do." And he was right there like a sponge watching the sparring and seeing what the what not and what to do. So, he's a student of the game. He'll turn 20 years of age on April 25th, and you can bet you will see him in action in the very near future again. You got to stop us. Might be on your card. Who knows? Yeah, I would love that. We'll see what happens. His camp stablemate Ray Ford later takes on Thomas Batis in our co-feature. Right now, Zaquin Moses is ready to get his hand raised. Let's make it official inside the ring and go over to David Diamonte. Ladies and gentlemen, referee David Franciosce calls a halt to this contest. The official time of the stoppage, 2 minutes and 13 seconds of round number two, declaring your winner by knockout. He's still undefeated. Zquinn Moses Z Moses improves to three and0. Let's go inside the ring with Oct to hear from the man they call Zop Z. Congratulations on on a phenomenal performance tonight. Uh you've had two great wins in your career. Tonight, you look so poised and comfortable picking your shots, sitting down on your punches, looking like a boxer puncher. How do you rate your performance tonight? Uh, I give myself a A. Uh, just because I got the stoppage. But first and foremost, I want to thank God cuz I God none this be possible. And yeah, I'm just so I'm so grateful. I'm so blessed. You know, I'll be remiss not to mention that your family, one of the best fighters in the world, Shakor Stevenson, uh, has been active in your career. H how much do you credit being around him and absorbing that knowledge to your rapid growth? Uh I give him so much credit in the world. I mean that's my big brother. I love him to death and uh I watch him I watch him do everything. I watch him all his big fights. I watch every move he did and I appreciate him so much and I love him to death. That's my big brother. Well, look, obviously you're at the stage in your career where you want to be busy and and active. How many more times do you want to be out there this year in the ring? Uh a couple more times. Uh I won fighting uh June on uh uh Richardson Hitchens card. So hopefully I can get on that and hopefully I can uh shine on that card too. Look, you you you fought in at the Wells Fargo Center in Las Vegas in this historic arena here in the boardwalk called New Jersey, your home state. Um can you shout out anybody that's come from New York and anybody watching at home? Uh I want to shout out my whole family, everybody that came to support me. I want to thank everybody. Uh cuz without try cuz without try, you know, certain stuff wouldn't be possible. But I'm so thankful. I'm so grateful. And like I said, like I said the other day, I'm one of the best prospects in boxing and I can't wait to keep proving it. Phenomenal performance. Congratulations. Looking forward to seeing you again. Thank you, Justin. Thank you, O. And congratulations to Zaquin Moses