Kind: captions Language: en Second round in this eight round was a really good opening round for Shannon Ryan landing nous right hands on the top of the head for Brouseri Morocco now based in Spain 10 fights sorry 10 wins five losses he's had three inside the distance but again Ryan getting down to business really planting the feet looking for that right hand Barry yeah but this is one of those moments where know she's having success with that big right hand and a shot she should work on but again not losing the shape and jumping in forgetting about the fundamentals but she's still got to work beyond the jab and keep that faint working really well that was good for in the first round otherwise you just you're just an obvious you know you over overreach in also you're telegraphing your shots and be able to pick off and as we've seen in previous fights will fire back lovely counter punches there yeah that was really nice guy little f took a little step back with the left hook followed by the right hand. More subtle movement backwards just to avoid the shots of Brousari. Just dips her legs a bit before she throws, isn't she? She does. Really good solid base again. Just looking for that right hand as Brouseri throws the jab. Beri been in some good company. She had two fights against decent opposition in Canada. Losing to Alexa King Fll working really nice here. Looking very composed, relaxed and confident guy. Yeah, lovely. She's picking her shots really, really well. She's breaking the distance in between. She's not smothering her work. Oh, miss with that right hand. Looking to pour the jab, Barry, as opposed to really snap it out there. Nice screw left shot. I'm never a fan of it, but I think she can afford to do it in this fight. That right hand's a great weapon. And again, cuz she tips her legs and just turns her body to the left ever so slightly, it disguises it really well. Another impressive round for Shannon Ryan. Really in her groove, looking dangerous. again must have stressed the shot that right hand over the top just holding the feet a little bit too long but you can understand why every time she lets her hands go she's having success here Ryan just see that little half a step back there as well just creating the space to get the leverage into her shots and yeah she's controlled the last two rounds boxing really well Shannon Ryan having it all her own way if you're in the corner of Brousari what you asking her to do Um, I think she needs to let her hands go. I think her offense will be her best defense at this point. Um, obviously that's going to create more openings for Shannon as well, who's very sharp and explosive. Third round here at the copper box. Remember, so much to look forward to that top of the bill. You said it was copper boss. Now he's calling copper box again. I'm getting drawn in, aren't I? By the the copper. Can I somehow combine the two? I don't know. Anyway, live on the zone from 7 PM in that main event, the rematch. Tony Fisher, Dave Allen. That is a cracker. Back to this one in the super flyweight division. Shannon Ryan versus Farah Bousari. Bousari. She's second best here. Looking to let her shots go as Sky was asking for. But just that difference in speed. She just manages to to glide out of range. Does Ryan looking for that right hand against Sky? Yeah, I'd like to see Shannon now. She's she's she's got her lead hand really high from Shannon landing that right hand. I'd love to see her just faint and then sink it into the body. See, she's looking for the faint. Barry does a slip there. Just very aggressive to get in it. It didn't look like a shot to me. It wasn't a shot. I I think the referee heard the call and start the count and just went with it. I don't think that was a that's automatic for the m the guy that might have done the count. the referee's know his job to say he wasn't knocked that off. Well, to to me it just looked like she was eager to to get stuck in and land heavy shots and just the momentum caught her off balance, but I think she lost her balance a little bit. Her feet weren't under her. Oh, beautiful jab to the body follow right hand upstairs. Lovely shot by Shannon Ryan. [Applause] It's important for her not to panic. You know, she she knows what to do. be dominant every time she lets the hands go. Don't chase this round too much. I I would say just keep doing what you're doing. Don't go make your silly mistakes and worrying about stuff. We haven't been heard. Last 10 seconds here in the third round. Hopefully, we can catch the replays of that questionable knockdown. Well, let's have a look then. See, the thing is, you look at it there. She gets clicked with the shot, but she But you see a better angle here. You see the feet. She just brought her right foot forward to me, and I think she just slipped. That's what's happened there. She's thrown herself over with the with the momentum with the of the right hand. Yeah, but as you say, I guess that there is a shot that goes in there, but the followup from Shannon Ryan again can't miss with that right hand and having even more success when she sends that down to the body. Very impressive. She looks calm and happy in the corner anyway. I think she knows it's okay. Whatever Whatever happens with that round, she's fine. Yeah, she's had it all her own way by that controversial knockdown. Working the jab as you called for Barry had a terrific fight against Jasmina Zaposta. Really was a brilliant fight. First Tim rounder with a nasty cut. Did fade a little bit in the end, but put a lot of work into that contest. And again, another absolute cracker of a right hand. You know what's good about that? She took the step back, left her front foot there. So you got you can push back in right through the target with the shot. Really good work. She's looking very very good here. She broke the space without giving up the space. The momentum was there with the shot. [Music] Bravely trying to let hands go, working the body first. Probably the right tactic. the way double the jab body head again just moving back to center ring and now nice little faint there just stopping usari coming [Applause] forward you know a defeat can make you a great lovely right hand again another cracking right hand and the the aura and the body language I'm getting from channel one. Look, no disrespect to Bashari. There's going to be tougher tests for Channel One, but she looks very composed. There's a there's a swagger about her. Yeah, there is. And you know, I think Vad is a good opponent for her cuz it's someone who fires back when they get caught. So, I think for someone like Ryan, that's always that's always the pen problem. So, she commits to your punches and if you're there to be hit, you know, that might take away your confidence in the arcade, but it hasn't so far. Really good work there from both exchanging. But you got to credit the bravery, the heart for win and the chin. Yeah. Of Gousari. She took some big right hands that round. The way she throws that shot, Sky Brian. She really just takes her head to the left hand side out of danger and delivers it with with such accuracy. It's impressing you here, Sky. Let's have a look. Oh, that was that shot where she broke the distance without giving up the distance right there. Walked her straight onto it. And it's the angle of the shot, the variation with that right hand. Very almost shot it from the hip. Oh, right hook there. And Barry, we like the the exit after a shot, don't we? The way she just skips to the left there corner. You have really good control. And again, you know, you always got to be a little bit overcritical. You want to keep a don't lose that the importance of that left hand. Keep it a constant weapon. But yeah, the right hand is the is the the shot that's doing all the damage, doing all the work, and winning another round. Yeah, looking good, looking composed. Very happy with her performance so far. mixing it upari holding this contest at all and with telegraph right hands like that she's going to struggle that was nice there just changing up that right hand to the body instead of throwing the same shot to the head all the time she's got to thinking more now again the right hand so accurate but it's the feet that's been so impressive here just taking the range the distance away from Bhutari and again she cannot miss with that shot slow down a little bit here now Ryan just to hold her feet a little bit closer to the target she's not taking that step back but she doesn't need to she's starting to take that little semicircle on the body now looking for a different angle of the shot yeah away from those defeats in Canada she's also lost This is Chloe Watson, former European champion mainly Gangloff. She's, as I say, been in decent opposition. Gousari never been stopped in her five defeats. Tough, rugged. Tell me why she is second best here. Switches a lot as well. Busari, it's not it's not working for this. No, it's not. I mean I mean switching too often is usually a sign of desperation for me anyway but I mean you guys are really good at switching to get it to be effective. Another thing to note as well she sold some tickets Shannon Ryan making himself heard good support back from Watford not far down the M25 cannot miss a very very effective weapon in this fight so far. [Music] eager there with the right hand there. Ryan though apart from that again holding her feet and getting the better of the exchanges again. Just sharper but overall just neater with her work as well. I think this has been a really polished performance from Shandon. I think she's boxing really, really well. I think she's in with an experienced girl who's been in with lots of other experienced girls and it's a it's a good fight for her. A good learning fight especially having it all her own way, shown us lots of variation with defense and attack and just like I say, I I have this real sense of confidence oozing from Ryan. As we say, this is good matchmaking. They will be tough for Tess but Tess with the likes of she look for a rematch against Dolan Park who lost to to Dolan. There's some good fights out there for her. Yeah, there is. I I think getting that happen for the women's game all the time, but I mean it's important because they're there though, aren't they? I mean, but there's more domestic fights will be had at the higher level, not the lower level anymore. And yeah, I think you know, she'd be right back in the mix here. This is a real confident display. Good jabs to start the sixth round. Shot you've been calling for, [Music] Barry. Just skip around to the left. Just getting back to the center of the ring sky. Allowing space behind her. Yeah, just got caught with silly shots there. You don't want to get too complacent here. I know that she's six rounds up, but we need to stay composed, stay disciplined. It's what she's good at. You have to give credit to El Bisari as well. She has not stopped trying. Co's always like a shot. There's no co there. Coaching is always a dangerous thing because you take your foot off the gas but you give your to give your opponent encouragement and you know it's like with momentum once they get a bit of encouragement they're a different fighter and also down the stretch then it becomes a difficult fight to nasty cut just on the right eye of Brousari. Blood streaming down the side of the face and Ryan lands a lovely another lovely right hook. The referee's going to take a look at this. come out of nowhere that Brousari said it's an elbow that caused the damage. Doctor comes over to examine the damage to that eye. Yeah, it's going to [Music] continue. It doesn't look Usually a cup around there would avoid the ice sky, but it looks as if it's streaming. Yeah. Wipe it. I know. I [Applause] never bit tough tough love from the doctor, Barry. I'm not sure if he's able to touch you. I know. Unless unless you s stop fighting. Oh, it's revved Bousari up. She takes a left hook though, but she's really planting the feet and let these big hooks go. Nice neat right hand there. I like the way Ryan just kept the control there. kept the patient and just threw a nice little right hand on the middle to finish that run. Another replay that we can hopefully find here. Was it an elbow from Ryan to cause that damage to the eye of Bousari? Yep, she called it Bousari. I mean, look, it's accidental. She's not in any way tried to to look for the elbow, but yep, it's caused damage. But she's okay to continue. Full 10 seconds. Seconds out. Round seven. [Music] Well, two more to go here at the cobble box in our opening fight of the night between Shannon Ryan and Farah. Bousari, the tough Moroccan now facing Spain now. Not only second best in every department, she's got cut side of her right eye. Barry, she's a she's a good opponent to come up with this. So, she makes you work for it. You know what I mean? Okay. She's she's not the hardest target to find. I know that. But she makes you worth it down the stretch, you know. And where Ryan's been holding her feet and put and putting lots of weight into the shots, when you start to tire, Bardi comes into their own a little bit. She's a former Spanish champion. She does have some good wins. That that blood is streaming down that right side and she just lands another lovely right hook sty. Yeah, this is better from Shannon now. I think she needs to meet the fire with fire a little bit here. Um, like you said, she's been putting it a lot of output in the earlier rounds and she needs to to to meet Elbusari in the middle here and not let her build any momentum cuz this girl is tough. I think she just I think I think for Ryan I think she's because she's an offensive fighter. She needs to start to learn to block and counter with the same hand cuz the way she sits on as well, I think she get leverage off the shot and use the punch sort like a little bit of momentum to use your to throw your shot and then she doesn't have to move around waste the energy with the legs. She can stand there, sit down, block, counter and work away. She has a nice little uppercut there, Bousar. And I just got a glimpse of that cut and it doesn't look good at all. It's not running into the run on the side. She can see, she can fight. The white gloves turning red with every second of this contest. Again, good work, good boxing from Ryan in and [Music] out. Really been in her groove this evening. This place is going to be and very noisy later on. Big rematch. So much controversy from the first one. [Music] The last round on our opening bout of the evening. Shannon Ryan in the blue corner and the tough Farah Bousari who's cut to the right side of her eye, her right eye. She's been up against it. Second best, but she's still there. Still trying showing how tough and game she is. Mark right hand from Ryan with the left hand. Look over the top. Just good shot though. And again just just get the rules out. Giving away too much ground here. That's all. Just encouraging Brousari to don't come forward. Get back on that jab. Getting that solid right hand on the middle. Look at this though from Brousari. And I agree with you Barry. What a great opponent she'll be, you know. I mean, she will test a lot of I mean, you wouldn't even say up and coming fighters. I mean, fighters of all levels really distance fight 10 rounds going to make you work when you see where your tanks like [Applause] a very very good performance guy from Shannon Ryan. She's shown us a bit of everything, hasn't she? Yeah, really really good. Um, I think she's looked really composed. I just don't want to see her give Bousari too much momentum in these this last 30 seconds now. Um Bousari is a very tough girl. She's she's coming she's coming in there. She's throwing a lot of shots now. She's she might have heard me say offense will be her best defense in there, but she's let her hands go and I think um I think Shannon's done a really good job so far of of weathering the storm and and and keeping it all her own way. Eddie Hearn, Frank Smith, both sat ring side. I think they'll be proud of the performance that Gousari's put in, you know, and and some of the other girls coming through. A great opponent, you know, she leaves it all in the ring. She's been tough. She's shown plenty of will to win. But Shannon Ryan there, very, very impressive in this opening bout. She'll be looking to fight for titles again very soon. She's had a taste for it. As we say, unfortunately lost to Emma Dolan. Oh, with that performance, the confidence that she'll get from it, she'll really be able to push on and I'm sure no doubt get a crack at another title. Barry, of course, she will. She shows she's a quality fighter. Even in defeat, she shows she was a quality fighter. And You find you you find quite often, especially when you get the championship level, little things make a big difference. Only little things. So little adjustments can win you or lose you a fight. And so she'd be confident to get back where she's wrong. I think Dolan's always a stylistically a hard fight for her. But this was a perfect fight. Someone who, you know, you you did the rounds, you had to work hard, but ultimately your quality shone through and you won the fight at a wide margin, which which was never comfortable, and that's not a bad thing. Well, David Deiamante is in the middle of the ring with a fighter. So, let's get the decision from Double D. [Applause] Ladies and gentlemen, after eight rounds of action here at the Copper Box, we go to Kieran McCann's scorecard. It reads 77- 74 for your winner, Shannon Chaos Ryan. Yayan gets the ninth win of her career and she done it in very good fashion. Showed us a bit of everything. Brilliant footwork, composure, rhythm and a real desire to to close the show in style. She didn't get the the stoppage but a very very good win. [Applause]