Kind: captions Language: en [Applause] Barry, I come straight to you. &gt;&gt; You've been impressed with Taylor Bever like many. &gt;&gt; Yeah, obviously I commented on his Commonwealth Games silver medal. I thought um he had such a hard draw there. I thought he was he probably was good enough to win the gold, let's be honest. But I didn't think he'd have such a exciting start as he's had his pro career. I know technically very good. I knew he was tough, but the way he's blitzed through people with such ferocity has been nothing short of amazing. I think he's a real talent. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Lost to Sha Lazerini from Scotland in the final, but I'll follow up review this guy. Very, very good fighter, isn't he? &gt;&gt; Very, very good. Uh, I've been very impressed as well. I think he's a great fighter and he's he ticks a lot of boxes. He shows a bit of everything and I think that's what makes a great fighter. I think tonight could be a test. We got a 100% KO ratio against someone who's never been stopped and I like that for Taylor. I think it's going to bring out the best in him &gt;&gt; and also for Welsh boxing because you know we've been so successful in boxing but the super the super middleweight division in in Welsh boxing has been lacking in quality. You never really had a good super middle win. &gt;&gt; Yeah, other than the one absolute legend in 46 and0 Super Joe Kagi. &gt;&gt; But yeah, big boots to fill. But &gt;&gt; you haven't got Yeah, you haven't got worry about that, did he? He's something special. I mean, it's a it's an inspiration for everybody who puts on a pair of those. But he's he's a talent. He really is. And you see it here now. You know, again, he knows he has the power and the spike to hurt a lot of people at this level, but still keeping his shape, working behind the jab, remembering he was a good worldass amateur boxer. &gt;&gt; Barry, that's exactly what he said at Wednesday's press conference. He wants to show a bit more of that class, that boxing skill that he has. And we're seeing it here against Lucas Fenza. As I say, boxer for Slovakia in the amateurs, went to the under 22 European Championships, got to the quarterfinals, never been stopped, as you say, Sky. So, he understands himself this opportunity. FZA, if he was to somehow upset the apple car and get victory here, then big things could present himself to himself. &gt;&gt; Oh, it's a mass it's a big ass, but again, a massive opportunity with that. Not even that, just if he can go the distance with Bevon, I think he he gets a he ticks a bit of a box in and gets a lot of praise for that. &gt;&gt; But if you watch him fight, he he does throw when he's under pressure. So, you know, he'll give Beon, you know, some different looks that he hasn't had so far in his career. Cuz once he hits people, they tend to go into their shell and look for a way out. First time fighting in the UK and he's come to a cauldron, a lion's den if you like. Fenezar he's boxed in he's native Slovakia twice four times Germany twice Switzerland so he's not afraid to travel but as I say in him with a very talented fighter and higher level than anyone he's been in the ring with and we've seen a nice composed start from Taylor Beavenon Fza has landed a couple of shots but ultimately been on the end of that nice stiff jab style &gt;&gt; yeah nice patient start from Taylor uh I feel like we've seen him become more and more experienced and more full fighter each round as well. &gt;&gt; I think what we saw in that round with with Beon is just when he throwing he's starting to move his head. I think he's moving his whole body actually but rather move his head but he's every time he throws a punch you see he's starting to move a little bit more and I think that's with a they looking at that with a with a a future of when he move steps in levels and they do start firing back that you know we say this all the time don't we that what you do after the punch is sometimes just as important as the punch itself. you can throw and get caught and he's learning to just keep that movement going when he throws the punch. &gt;&gt; It'd be interesting to see how these eight rounds suit Taylor, you know, it's usually quite difficult when you're trying to get your opponents out there early when you you've only got six rounds, etc. But now the more rounds that he has obviously the the quality of opposition will improve but nice to see how he deals with with the eight round distance and also the experience he has in the corner there with Colin Jones who's who's arguably the greatest British boxer never to the world title I know Hel always gets the call but Colin is right up there he was brilliant an Olympian at 17 Britain's youngest Olympic boxer until Amy Khan of course didn't win a medal like Amy Khan did And then he blitzed through that British title reign and obviously world goners but he was lucky against Milton McCroy in two fights and then come up against a peak Donald Curry in the end. So one of Britain's very best Colin Jones. &gt;&gt; Some good work from Fenza. &gt;&gt; Uncle Colin I call him &gt;&gt; Uncle Colin and I echo those words. Very very good fighter indeed. It's good work from FZA as you was waffling there Barry. &gt;&gt; I am in love with Colin Jones. I can't help it. But back to the center of the ring, &gt;&gt; Taylor Beavenon working nicely. He's got lovely jab. We're seeing that well balance. We've already mentioned that in a couple of the first fights here on prelims. But there's he's just kind of trying to pick his moments, isn't he? &gt;&gt; And also just not that's just not allowing Beon to set himself for this for the heavy shots which he's used to doing. So that's going to make Bevon think and that's what you want to see through in that development. Beavenon beat Greg O'Neal on debut on the 30th of November 2024. Barry, you fought Peter Buckley on the on the 30th of November 1993. &gt;&gt; 1993. &gt;&gt; That was before I was born. &gt;&gt; I tell you that I bet you that was that was in um &gt;&gt; that was on the undercard of Freud versus um Molina for the IBF super championship of the world I think. Yeah. Really? &gt;&gt; Yeah. are trying to look for the jab but beaten by a sharp jab back from Taylor Beavenon looking for the lead right hand comes back with his own though as Slovakian good shot as I said before he's picking his moments here you can see that pedigree can't you from FZY not bad fighter at all &gt;&gt; yeah you can I like I said I think this is a good test for Taylor Beavenon just to see where he's at and he's got a tough operator in front of him who who has his own background in amateur as well a lot of them don't when they're having their fifth six seven fight. So no, you can see the level and I think it's a really good test for Taylor Beavenon. &gt;&gt; Just not Ferna doesn't have enough power though really to deter Bevon &gt;&gt; and as the rounds go on that might that might be the stumbling block for him but being busy just not allowing Bever to get that rhythm in his work. &gt;&gt; Yeah, as always in the York for the ring always seems a little smaller. That will favor some of the fighters here this evening. I mean, you wait till you hear this atmosphere later on. Make sure you tune in live 700 p.m. to hear that. &gt;&gt; Good work from both of them here. Taylor Beavenon, Lucas, FZA go back and forth here. &gt;&gt; Good right hand there by FZA there around [Music] [Applause] a youngster full of ambition. guy that I'm sure you've been very impressed with. TMAN coming up first up live on our broadcast. How impressive has she been? &gt;&gt; I'm her biggest fan and she knows it too. No. Uh I've got nothing but good things to say about Tia. She's the full package. We've probably shared close to 100 rounds together in sparring. So, I know her very very well. Um but she's got it all. She can do it all. She's got a great boxing IQ, great boxing brain, but she can punch as well. She goes in there with intent. She has no respect for anyone when that bell rings. And uh yeah, she's she's got what it takes to go all the way. She can do whatever she wants in this sport. &gt;&gt; Yeah, she's got another fan in Katie Taylor as well who believes that she's going to be the greatest female ever to lace up the gloves and step into a boxing ring. That coming from the current greatest female to ever step into a boxing ring. So yeah, TMAN first up live on the zone 700 p.m. if you needed reminding here at the iconic your call. Back to this one. Taylor Beavenon in with a test here. Lucas FZA from Slovakia. Decent amateur pedigree. Really really having a go here making Taylor Beavenon work. Barry. &gt;&gt; Yeah, F. Well, FZA takes a good shot. That's why. And when he takes a shot, he fires back. That's his first thought is to fire back. &gt;&gt; Oh, good work. still around you. Let's not forget that. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you're right. He is. But being made to work, as you say, Fenza when he gets hit, he fires back. It's making exciting. It really is. It's a good clash. And yeah, lots of heart, isn't there, from obviously Bevon, but FZA that the away fighter coming here really trying to make a statement. And this is where Bevon needs to learn about changing the pace of his of his work. If he just accelerates with some punches, just it just changes the tempo. And that just confused Fza. &gt;&gt; Just give FZA something to think about. Keep that jab in his face a little bit more. Set up his shots. Be a little bit more of an unpredictable target. &gt;&gt; I mentioned Katie Taylor, manager of the great female fighter. Brian Peters, also manages Taylor Beaven. He's watching on. He has high hopes for the youngster from Wales. &gt;&gt; He's all right. That Brian, he's all right. &gt;&gt; He's not bad, is he? knows his boxing inside out. &gt;&gt; I was the middleman for that little um little union. &gt;&gt; Oh, was you really? &gt;&gt; Find nothing for it. &gt;&gt; Nothing. &gt;&gt; I was the middleman for him and Tia Eaton to be fair. &gt;&gt; Oh, was you really? &gt;&gt; No finders fee for me. &gt;&gt; Oh, lovely right uppercut. &gt;&gt; He took that well for Nezar. That was an absolute peach of a right uppercut. &gt;&gt; He's not only taken it. There's not even a a movement, nothing, is there? And there's there's no result, no residue from that shot. &gt;&gt; Yeah, from a man as well. We pointed out it stopped everyone. He's facing a professional ring. So, yes, just bounced off the chin. That right uppercut. Impressive chin shown there. This guy from FZA. He's having a go. &gt;&gt; Yeah, and that was exactly why I was intrigued about this fight. Like I said at the start, the 100% KO ratio and the the very tough man who hasn't been stopped. So it'll be interesting to see what Taylor's thinking after landing that perfect shot and him not even clinching. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's coming off a win as well for our last time out. He beat M Boris Nedbal on points over four. So look, he's coming in here off the back of a win. &gt;&gt; Still staying busy though, Be and that's a good shot there from Finesse. A lovely right hand. It's good to see Beon though not getting despondent that he's hitting a guy and he's not having no no effect. He's still going going about his business. Again, I just think a change in pace all of a sudden accelerated the combination and take a half a step back and then load up on the right hand. &gt;&gt; Yeah, really heating up nicely there. You see a bit swelling under the left eye of Beon, under the left eye of Fenezar. Really having a go of pride and will to win shown already in this contest. [Music] Paul Colin Jones be saying to Taylor Be in that corner Barry &gt;&gt; in his accent as well. So I do it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Go on. Let's go for I can do it. Can I now? &gt;&gt; Paul Colin Jones. Come on. &gt;&gt; I think he he won't be just be say keep moving your head and again just keep picking your shots and and and Mo know when you throw the shot. Make sure the hands come back as fast as they go out. No people forget about that. The punch has two parts. It's the retraction. Know when you it comes out and when it comes back. &gt;&gt; Tony Simmons you always called it the snake's tongue. &gt;&gt; Out straight back. It's got to come back otherwise it's only half a jab, isn't it? You land then you you're being off the con. So he's getting caught off his punches at times. But I just like to see him just move around the target a little bit more. And again, just checking the tempo, but I think he's still he's winning the rounds and doing well, but he's having a little bit of resistance. And again, I I do have to be happy with that. &gt;&gt; Fourth round of this eight rounder in the super middleweight division. Taylor Beavenon from Wows in with Slovakia's Lucas Fenza who is really having a go here. Nice work with that lead hand up and down. Actually I mentioned the swelling to Fenez under his right eye, not his left. It's the left eye of Beavenon that has a little nick. Nothing to worry about for for both fighters. But again, good work reverse one two on the back foot from Fenezar. I know I've mentioned it before, but in the Comwalth Games in the semiinal, Bevon and Aaron Bowen, the war them two had, it was unbelievable. &gt;&gt; I mean, it was 10 rounds just condensing the three. &gt;&gt; Taylor Taylor Beavenon in that contest. Yeah. Victorious, but beaten in the final, as we've already mentioned. This is good work with that lead hand from Taylor Beavenon. &gt;&gt; Bit more aggressive on the front foot, isn't he? Sky a little bit more intent he's come out with this round. He's he's holding that center ring. He's cutting off the ring and he's you can see he's putting a little bit more spite in his shots this round. &gt;&gt; Do you think that's almost him saying I want to go in there and show as much skill as possible and now he's almost reverted back to what got him the five stoppages in in his previous few. &gt;&gt; But he's making FZ work hard, isn't he? Constant pressure and that tires you out. So I mean just increasing the tempo a little bit is I think is what he's doing here. &gt;&gt; Yeah. He's not taking his foot off the gas here. He's not loading up with the shots, is he? &gt;&gt; No, but but he does he dips the legs quite often, Ben. doesn't throw that right hand. It's almost like he's tempting to do it, but again, he tips those legs and he leans over to his right hand side, but then he just followed through them, but just almost aring that right hand over Golovkin style. Bring the elbow up and chop down with that right hand. &gt;&gt; There's another right hand from Fenedra a moment ago. &gt;&gt; Yeah, like Barry said before, just thinking about what's coming back all the time cuz we know FZA is going to be throwing back. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's not greedy, is he? Doesn't waste much. picks his moments for Neza and I think that's been quite hard for Beavenon to read after a lovely combination. Yeah, he finished well, didn't he? With the left hook there, Sky. &gt;&gt; Tell what Beavenon does well though. He makes that ring really. He's on a small ring. He's made it a smaller ring for FZA. He's made it tiny. So, he got no no place to escape. He has to fire back. &gt;&gt; And the movement's so subtle, isn't it, Barry? Just a little step to his right, to his left, just pinning the back where he wants him. Well, because Colin Jones is a puncher himself. He he'll understand about not wasting movement and everything having to be a movement so you can engage those muscles to throw with power. Again, this is good work though back from FZA. &gt;&gt; Plenty of heart, plenty of skill, intent with the way he throws the shots. Just the test you need, isn't it? &gt;&gt; Perfect. Yeah. In your first ability on &gt;&gt; left again there by David H. &gt;&gt; Great right off the cut as well. And then Finesza fires back as always. &gt;&gt; Follows his hands back really, really well. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he does. &gt;&gt; Yeah, another good round. Enjoy this here. The load busted now for Nezar. A slow walk back to the corner for Taylor Beavenon being made to work in this contest. Approaching the second half of the fight. What's impressed you with both? Let's say both Sky here. I like the way uh Taylor Beavenon came out that round. He showed a bit more spite, a bit more intent, turned the screw a little bit, changed that pace and that tempo, which is what we were asking for in those earlier rounds. And with Fenza, I just think his counters, his counter shots, he's very sharp. He's throwing He's following those hands back. He's throwing as soon as Taylor Beaven's throwing and it's working for him. It's been effective. and being brave enough to fire back but you know he whether he takes he takes obviously takes a good shot but he can still feel the power and he's not afraid to fire back I mean and and with that there's a risk of you get caught again &gt;&gt; yeah he's gutsy isn't he &gt;&gt; bit overroared at all [Music] &gt;&gt; this the furthest Taylor Beavenon's been so learning all the time in the pro ranks valuable rounds against what we've already pointed out a solid test in Lucas Fza. &gt;&gt; And do you know what Darren and and Sky it's it's also not a bad thing for him cuz he's having success and and what's but in his other fights when he's been landing with these shots the opponents have been panicking or looking for a way out or just crumbling with the with with the weight of the shots that was that's not going to happen and you step with the levels even even more so they take the shots better. So to learn that now is not all doesn't all go your own way when you land with the good shots is not a not a bad lesson to learn this early in your career. No, I actually think it's a great opponent for him uh at this point in his career. I think he'll learn he'll learn so much more from these rounds than he will from those rounds where he's just blasting those guys out of there. &gt;&gt; Yeah, and those guys were Greg O'Neal in his debut went two rounds. Simon Kaja, two rounds. Alan Makave, beautiful body shot that ended in the first round. One Cru again. He's found the range now with a beautiful shot and FZA looks broken. He rises to his feet. He's looking at his corner. The referee having a good look and he waves his he [Applause] broke his jaw. You're right. Do you know what? I'm not surprised cuz he David threw a right hand to the body and right and he whipped that left foot over the top with such speed. I'm not surprised that broke his jaw. Yeah, the dots are straight over. He dropped straight back down to his knees, didn't he? And you have to say that's a very, very good display from Taylor Be, but he was in there with a former amateur star from Slovakia who really came to fight, but the youngster from WS got the job done with a very, very good shot. Colin Jones &gt;&gt; will be extremely happy, I'm sure, with his charge, guys. and he got quality quality rounds out of it as well. &gt;&gt; Let's have a look at the shot. Oh, look at that left hook. &gt;&gt; Set it up so perfectly with that that shot to the body beforehand. &gt;&gt; I know we talked punching inside your body frame. You just turn your hips and your shoulders. That's all he did there. He he almost stabs to the body with that right there. Nothing in that. And that left hook over the top. Look at that. Nice and neat. But there's so much torque in that shot. The way he turns his shoulders into it and and FZA never saw it, I think, with his mouth open. That's where the problem lies. That's a really good performance there because he was having success but not the rewards that he usually gets with that success but he kept his shape and I always say the same things all the time. It's true. Kept his shape, kept his composure, kept the work ethic as well and still got the result. &gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. I was reading off the name there that it stopped and beaten up to a date. You'd have to say those four and a half rounds there the most valuable so far of his career in with his in his first eight rounder in with a guy that really come to fight for Nezar. He had a go. You can see shaking his head the Slovakian bitterly disappointed but Taylor Beavenon moves on with another thunderous finish. [Applause] Ladies and gentlemen, referee Shawn Mackoy calls a halt to this contest. The time of the stoppage, 1 minute and 17 seconds of round number five, declaring your winner by TKO. He's still undefeated Taylor Beavenon. &gt;&gt; Six fights, six wins, six inside the distance. And this one, you'd have to say, the most impressive. He was made to work. He was made to think he showed an awful lot of good stuff. Durability, commitment to the cause for Lucas Feneza. He's absolutely gutted. He really come to fight here. He really come to have a go. Eddie her promoter coming over to him. I'm sure he said we'll give you another go there because he deserves it. It was a great effort. Well, let's hear from our victor. 6 and0 Taylor Beavenon. Taylor Beavenon, congratulations. 6 and0, six KOs. What a first year it's been for you in the pro ranks. &gt;&gt; Yeah, unbelievable. It's everything I ever imagined it would be and and more. And I can't thank Matt Randy Hearn and Frank enough for keeping me so active and getting me on these brilliant shows. It's been an amazing first year. &gt;&gt; When you talk about building a fighter, sometimes it's about the opponents. He was really, really good in their game as they come. Tested you a little bit as well, but talk talk us through the stoppage at the end. &gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely. I knew he was going to be a tough opponent. He's boxed at a higher level in the amateurs and watched a bit of him and he's a solid opponent. I was expecting sort of go the eight rounds today. I thought I was going to be more composed than I was. Um I still looking to get him out of there too early but um it's all just learning for me and um I've learned a lot in there tonight and you know take it forward into these eight eight and 10 rounders as they come. A fantastic amateur pedigree of course. What can we expect for you now as the pro journey goes on? stepping up in rounds of course starting to look at some of those domestic names and just kind of enjoying the perks of the pro career. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean that's up to Eddie and the team and Brian my manager to decide what's next for me but yeah got another eight round would be nice um get more rounds under my belt and just keep learning. &gt;&gt; I'll bring in promoter Eddie Hearn there. A little bit critical of himself which I think is harsh cuz it was a really game opponent. Now what did you make of Taylor Beavenon there? No, listen. That was the perfect opponent designed to give him rounds and to come to win. You know, he had to bust his jaw to win that fight. He was a durable guy. We expected to go the full eight rounds. Once he starts mixing up to the body and head as well is what I was shouting to do. Perfect combination to finish the fight. Perfect opponent to learn from. And we're just probably one eight round away from 10 rounders as well. And you know, I'm not giving that lot a song, but I'll tell you what, this lot followed him all over the country. They've been amazing. And we're we're probably we're one or two fights away from the big Southampton homecoming. And it's uh you know, it's inevitable, but perfect. You know, he's got the perfect temperament. He can really fight. And that was a really good win tonight. &gt;&gt; Well, Taylor, I'll throw it to you. Those boys up there, they've been asking for a song. You're not going to give him one of them. Got a final message for the fantastic supporters here in York Hall for you tonight. And thank you all so much for coming out and uh yeah, I can't thank enough for all your support so far and many more big nights to come. 6 and06 KO Evan, congratulations. Well done.