Kind: captions Language: en Right ladies, you're expect from your ball. You will be in the instructions at all times. When I tell you to break your ball break, defend yourselves at all times and the best luck to you both. Touch gloves. Well, the new chapter begins tonight for Sky Nicholson down a weight to Super Banton weight after that loss to Tiara Brown last time out. [Music] Shannon, I'll come to you first. What did you make of the decision to drop down a weight? Yeah, I find um Sky coming down in weight um what's the word that I'm looking for? Like the right thing to do. Um because I think with the female divisions, you can go up and down. Um so yeah, there's some good girls in that division as well. There's Ellie Scottney, Ramla Ali, Erica Cruz. Um so there's some big fights to be made as well. And we were saying Barry, wasn't we earlier today? She could be a real real handful at super abandoned weight. Yeah. If you know and she looks in good shape and I don't think it looked like it was a massive struggle for her to make the weight. She looked healthier than scale. So if it isn't a problem making the weight then I think you know with her reach and the way she fights and I think you know if she feels like she's the bigger again that she might be as she's showing here a little bit more assertive with her work a little bit more aggressive. I'm not sure whether that'll take away what made her world champion made her good was being elusive and sticking to what what she was good at. If she can add a bit of more authority to a game, that only makes it a better fighter. They've done the right thing as well. Just a couple of pounds over the super bantamweight division just to test the water, see how you feel. And I tell you what, she looks big in there. She looks aggressive. She just really focused and speaking to her in the week and hearing her talk to the media she feels a relief of pressure if you like that gone and she can go about her work now and start to prove people wrong and one thing we know for sure she's a very good boxer but she's just demonstrated there Barry shots really well and from range as well and still being aggressive with it that's good she's already punching with intent to see lovely Right hand, right hand. Yeah, that was a lovely shot from Sky Nicholson. As you say, Shannon really turning through the shots, through the target, looking aggressive and extremely spiteful here in this opening round at the AO Arena in Manchester. She can't miss it with that left hand, would she? She throws it, it lands clean. [Applause] Martine's got you can see Eddie Lamb, Bradley Ski, Kerry Kay, I can see Al Smith sat at ringside Bennett, Eddie the rest of the crew. But that was a very good opening round from Sky Nicholson. Really got about her work well. Looking really spiteful. Yeah. Yeah. Different look to her, wasn't it? It was good. It was good to see. And I think you know now she has been a world champion and she knows more what she's about then she'll know she's up against someone who's not know of her level. That's that's I think doing your research you would have seen that but clearly already you can notice that. So, she's come up with authority, the stamp of authority, and say, "Listen, I'm this is what I am, and you're nowhere near where I am." I'm sure she'll have her sight set on the big fight that's happening on Friday between IBO and WBO champion Scotty fighting Mexican Ricardo, the WBC champ. It's on the card of Serrano Taylor. That's a lovely left hand. I really like how Sky is putting her punches together now. Yeah, she is really turning through the shots and and you see there again, Barry, the the the knowhow, the ring IQ, the defensive skills. She just takes half a step back. Where's the shots? And she's straight back in your face again. But it's I think what's what Shannon's there is not putting the way she's put her punches together cuz she's staying fluent with it, but making sure the last one's the hard shot. Yeah. The speed and the accuracy, smoothness, isn't it? Yeah. Oh, it's a lovely left hand. The referee's having a look and jumps in. That's a fantastic stoppage. And look at the swagger from Sky Nicholson. What a win, Shannon Ryan. Yeah, that was that was lovely. And I liked how she was, like I said, putting her punches together, punching with intent, and she was very composed and patient. And what's really impressive, all those combinations, she's never getting that front foot too close that allow the other girl to hold fire back. She got the range. She all the power is on the end. People think, "Oh, the power, you got to get close." The power's on the end of your punches. You're turning your body into the shots like she is. You see it there. You punch long. You punch correct. You punch neat. And you hit the target clean. And that's what she did. I mean, that was a really good display. And also to announce yourself in the new division, regardless of who you're fighting against, to be dominant like that and show a different side to your game or what people have seen before will will they will take notice for sure. Yeah, that was very very impressive. And you can see all in the day's work for Sky Nicholson. Just letting people know, don't be sleeping on me. I'm as hungry as ever. Smiles all around Sky and the team. Carlo Gonzalez still on the stoall. Ladies and gentlemen, referee John Leam calls a halt to this contest. The official time of the stoppage, 1 minute 21 seconds of round number two. Declaring your winner by TKO, Sky Nicholson. Yeah, she gets the 13th win of her career. Sky Nicholson. She'll be looking to get into some big big fights very soon. back to challenging for titles and of course winning them in this new division. Looks strong as I say only a couple of pounds over the super bantamon weight division. She looked fresh. She looked healthy on the scales. So to me looks as if she could lose those two pounds relatively easy with a performance like that. This team with her no reason why she can't go on and challenge for these big fights. Ellie Scott needs a fight. I would love to see just making her way to ringside here. Promoter Eddie Hearn, a reporter for this evening. Charlie Parsons alongside Sky and Eddie. And we can hear from the Australian who has a big smile on her face. Over to you, Charlie. [Music] There'll be plenty of names called out. That's guaranteed. You'll be calling on everybody. And with a display like that and the confidence you showed, you can't blame her. Exactly. Well, we can hear from Sky who is with Charlie. Well, Sky, congratulations. A return to the ring down at 122 lbs. Just talk to me. The smile on your face says it all. Yeah, it was good. Um, it was a a little sigh of relief a little bit. Obviously, it almost half felt like my debut tonight. Um, Sky 2.0's debut anyway. But no, it was good good to get back in there and uh get back to winning ways. It's been a turbulent time. We spoke a little bit about that in the buildup. Something that you've never really had to experience as a professional. What have you learned from this whole process and getting there? Is that almost that big sigh of the relief, that weight off your shoulders? Yeah, of course. Um there were so many lessons learned from my last outing and I feel like a completely different person now, completely different fighter and um that showed tonight and going to keep showing that. Eddie, I was speaking to Sky earlier in the week and she said well she can keep one eye on 126 but 122 we've seen that little bit more pop, more power uh just in camp. You think we'll see that now down at 122? Yeah, like um she's had a a great camp and uh uh you know, we've been working on her stuff uh different different stuff and she's she's been great, you know, like she she's she'll fight anyone 122 or 126. Promoter Eddie Hearn obviously it's been a different period but down looking fantastic. What's the movement now? Is it have a few or is it go straight into those big big I think another fight a little step up from that. Obviously that's a step down from the level she's been fighting at. And when you do step down to that level, you've got to be getting them out of there quickly, which is exactly what she did. But sometimes when you rush through to the world championship, you don't really get the ring time to work on that transition and do and work on what Eddie's been teaching in the gym. So you hear from Eddie Lamb and the team, she's hurting people in the spar and she's, you know, and she's throwing combinations. Tonight was really the first time you saw her sit down on her punches and throw four or five punch combinations in her whole prof professional career. She's going to be a huge super bantamon weight at 122 and you know I think a phenomenal talent we know that but just this activity sometimes when you fight in world championship fights you just fight three times a year and it's difficult to get in the flow of to work on what you've been learning in the gym in the ring. She did that tonight box ticked. Obviously the opposition is going to step up now as you go but hopefully another one maybe in Australia end of August, early September, something like that and then a world title show at the end of the year. A big year ahead and then a world title shot. That's the plan. Keep active and keep that smile on your face. 100%. Can't wait. Let me I can't wait to go again. Let's go. Sky Nicholson, congratulations.