Kind: captions Language: en Protect yourself at all time. Touch gloves. Good luck. Sky Nicholson is the sister of Jamie Nicholson, a talented ex-Australian Olympian who tragically passed away in a car accident with Skye's other brother, Gavin, 2 years before Sky was born. Though she never met Jamie, she says she feels like a boxing has connected them, creating a relationship that did not exist. Jamie Nicholson never got a chance to fight for a world title. Sky gets that chance tonight. [Music] And Sarah Mafood looks to play spoiler as she tries to regain a women's title. I mentioned earlier she used to be the IBF champion. Now she's looking for the WBC. Sarah Mafood in the gold gloves. They have similar attire. Sky Nicholson in the black gloves. What's going to be the key in this fight, do you think, Clarissa? Um, I think the key is going to be that Sky needs to stay long and do what she does best. She's great at She's a great boxer puncher. So, she stays long, make you work it on the inside and then catch it with long I mean catch it with short uppercuts and those long hooks. That's what she want to do because my food she wants to come on the inside and she wants to just slug it out. With these two-minute rounds, you've got no time to waste. 10 rounds, two minutes each. Yeah. Jab, jab, and you know, try to get an angle if you're if you're Nicholson. You know, she's a she's a southpaw with a nice little right hook, straight left hand. She has a nice bounce with it. She fights with a good rhythm, nice bounce on her feet, so she can step back and counter and and catch Mafu getting overly aggressive. And Sky studied Mafu extensively coming into this fight. She says she Mafood comes in a little recklessly at times, keeps her chin up. Those are the exchanges she wants to take advantage of. I thought it was interesting, Chris, when she told me how much footage they watched of Sarah. She goes, "Doesn't everybody watch footage of their opponent?" I know you'd be shocked. I would say at least half the fighters we interview watch little to no tape of their opponent. What about you, Carissa? I watch all type of footage. I watch interviews. I go and research they family and everything. I do like a deep search. You're like Chris Hansen from NBC. I got to know what's going on. It's a terrible reference. Yeah, it's going to be hard for the slightly shorter fighter and Mafu to break that distance and get under that jab. You got you got to use upper body movement, of course, keep that chin down, but it takes footwork. Bend your knees, get smaller. When they sit down, they uh they feel like they go back to sleep and they want to wake up. So, it really depends on the fighter, but I'm definitely one of those ones that sit down. Round two scheduled for 10. This is for the WBC featherweight championship of the world. We mentioned the rounds earlier. Amanda Serrano said, "Listen, if I can't fight 12 threeminute rounds, I don't want the belt." WBC said, "We've got her own rules." So, she gave the belt up. So, Caressa, I asked you, do you prefer 12 threeminute rounds or 10 two-minute rounds? I prefer 10 threeminute rounds for all the women world championships. believe that um we can work our way up to 12 three minute rounds. But um but I respect S for her decision and I'm glad that she fought 12 three minute rounds to show that us women can do it. Just everybody can't jump fight in 20 minutes and 36 though. The quote has spoken. Great shot by Nixon. That was a good shot. Straight left hand to the gut. And that actually that you can alternate that to the chest and the chin. You know that left hand's going to do you can vary that straight left hand. And if Malu gets over aggressive and and it comes forward, you can turn it into an uppercut as well. Clever puncher is Nicholson. She's a thinker in there. There it is. See, came around the guard into a slight hook with that left hand. Just an educated left hand by Nicholson. Southpaw versus Orthodox. In fact, it was the southpaw that beat Sarah and a Srano. This is her first left-handed opponent since Amanda. Yeah, Mafu showed a lot of guts in that fight. You know, Srano was going for it, you know, getting really aggressive and Mafood held her own. Keep that bounce on her feet. Stepping in, stepping out. Yeah, Sky kind of operates like someone that fights off the jab, and she does to an extent, but she's also very accurate with her power shots. That straight left hand is a real weapon for her. Round three scheduled for 10. You know, Nicholson's not a power puncher. She's a clean puncher. You know, she she can you can get a respect if she lands cleanly. She has good accuracy in her shots. She doesn't waste punches either. I was going to say that a lot of women with the two-minute rounds, Clarissa, you know this, will just come out guns blazing. They don't have a second to spare. But Sky Nicholson is fighting these rounds like they're they're fiveminute rounds, not two-minute rounds. I mean, like that's just the way that the way that she boxes. Like she uses her jab. She wants to pick and plant her shots. And she still boxes effective. Like all the shots that she's landing are effective shots where she's setting something up. So she's still, you know, winning around even though she's not throwing a whole bunch of of punches. And it's not her style. Like you you should see more of that coming from Mafu. Mafu hasn't figured out yet how to work her way in or how to get past a Nicholson's jab. And for Mau a very different type of fight than the Srorado fight. The Sorrano fight she was on her back foot the entire time effectively playing defense. This fight she's got to be the aggressor to land shots and that's what's she's falling into the the punches of Nicholson. You can see the mouth bloody on Mau food right there and that's just you know because of the left hands and popping that jab. Look stepping back like that. That's going to benefit the taller, rangier fighter in Nicholson. And just a nice a nice energy, a nice energy in her in her legs and how she steps back, counters. Good flow. Good e flow by Sky Nicholson. Good left hand by Nicholson. I'm really impressed watching her watching her live. This is the first time I've called one of her fights and I'm impressed. She's always like super calm whenever she fights. I don't think I've ever seen her have a fight where it looked like she was panicking. Right. Right. And you want to see that what you know what champion Galler thought was like getting on the inside. Yeah. Nearly 4 in reach advantage for Sky Nicholson who said she came to Las Vegas when she was 19 years old to watch Floyd Mayweather fight. And she remembers sitting in the crowd thinking, "Wow, I'd love to come to Vegas and fight for a title myself one day." And here she is. Manifestation is real. What are you manifestating right now? For myself, I just want to continue win boxing matches and then my biggest manifestation is become PFL world champ. I do that. What about Sergio? What do you What about you? 18 red on the roulette. Sky Nicholson's patient approach has paid dividends so far. Yeah, without upper body movement and head movement by Mafood, you're not going to get past that long jab. Long educated jab by Nicholson and she alternates the speed and the length and then stepping back. Really, really nicely. And I could you could tell why she she's a successful Olympian Nicholson because of those slight foot faints, the IQ, the jab, and the precision. Her coach told her to go back to go to the body. Beautiful shot right there. Then escapes to the right. That's the exit of a of a southpaw to her right. Very hard to stop if you don't have a left hook. And Mafood is not throwing hook any hooks to stop her from pivoting to the right. Great shot selection as you might say in the NBA, Chris, but in this boxing match as well for Nicholson. No wasted energy. Yeah, going upstairs, downstairs. I'm impressed with the body work early on. She's landing far more body shots than Mood might have landed one or two. Step in and left hand for Sky Nicholson. And she's just having a good time in there. She's feeling herself herself. She's Well, Chris, you told us that Sky wanted her moment to win her titles. How's she doing in her moment so far? I think she's doing exceptionally well. Four rounds to none in favor of Sky Nicholson at this point. Just in complete control of the pace of this fight, landing the cleaner shots. Sarah Mafood is going to have to change things up in a big way if she wants to get into this fight. Sergio, how does she change though? She needs to get She needs to get rough in there. She needs to turn southpaw, try to get an angle. But once you do get inside, wrestle around, you know, you got to get on the inside. If you can't get past those long arms, you know, it's always going to be to your detriment. Yeah. And Sergio, that Mafood knows that like she came into this fight believing she was going to have to rough it up. She told us as much at the fighter meetings this week. We just haven't seen that implemented in the ring. Yeah. Because she's worried about the the the precise counter punching, especially that left hand from Sky Nicholson. Power punches through round four. 15 landed for Nicholson. Seven for my food. And Chris, it was interesting. Sky said, "Listen, as happy as I am for this opportunity to win a title in Las Vegas, I wanted to be undisputed in my 10th fight. I wanted Amanda Serrano, but she just doesn't want to fight me." Do you think that's the case that she just doesn't want to fight her or it's not financially lucrative enough? I think more the latter. Amanda Serrano is not ducking anyone. Amanda Serrano just has bigger fish to fry, namely Katie Taylor at some point hopefully in 2024. So, it just doesn't make sense for Amanda Ser right now to fight Sky. You know, look, Mafood has the right idea. She's throwing jabs and right hands to the body. But look right there, she turned side and didn't come over the top with something. So, one or two punches is not going to be enough for Nicholson to get out of range. So throw two punches downstairs and then after you start the combinations upstairs, get Nicholson on the back foot. And now it's Nicholson a rare 4A forward, but it pays dividends. Seen him since that trilogy winning fight against one against Roman Chocolito Gonzalez. I think that fight is going to be electric though. Juan Francisco Estrada has controlled that division for some time round. Bam Rodriguez the new kid on the block. The arena is going to be packed in Phoenix. It's going to be a great night. Watch your feet. Watch your feet. That's going to be fireworks, man. I can't wait because Estrada is a great fighter. You know, a multi- division champion. He's fought the absolute best, but Bam Rodriguez is not avoiding anybody. He wants every single legend in front of him. He's taking them down one by one. Are we looking at perhaps a future legend in Sky Nicholson? 28 years old, unbeaten, and having her way now with Sarah Mafood. Are you impressed by what you're seeing, Clarissa? Absolutely. She is dominating this fight. Um seemed like she was getting more more in her groove. Last last round, she was coming forward throwing a throwing a hard shots. And my food hasn't I don't know why her corner hasn't told her that she needs to be circling to the left and circling hard. It's a battle of the feet right now. If her feet stay on the inside, she'll never be able to get to Sky first. So, she needs to stay on the outside and work her way in. But she keeps coming back over here to the right, which is putting her right in the fire of Sky Ne's left hand. There's a nice jab it looked like that scored for Mafu. Yeah, body shot though from Sky Nicholson right before that. She has been really effective with those body shots. One punch I haven't seen from Sharon Nson is a right hook. And I think there's an opening for the right hook right there cuz the left arm of Mafu when she comes in is low. Let it go. Let it go. A right hook would be a a good addition to Arsenal. I just wanted a fight like this. Well, he's got it. And that's our main event still to come. Right now, you're watching the WBC featherweight championship of the world being fought for by Australia Sky Nicholson and Sarah Mafood of Denmark. Nicholson said all of her friends in Australia keep busting her chops because they think she's getting an English accent and all her English friends say she has a thick Australian accent. I'm just happy I can understand her when she talks. So, I'm happy about Well, Chris, how do you have it scored? Pretty easy fight to score for me. Six rounds to none in favor of Sky Nicholson, 60 to 54. There have been some decent moments from Sarah Mafood, but Sky has just controlled the center of the ring. She has landed the more significant power shots. Just a brilliant boxing performance so far from Sky Nicholson. Well, Chris, you mentioned uh one of the faults for Richardson Hitchens is that he doesn't go for the the kill. He doesn't try to put his opponents away when maybe he he should. We're talking about the patience of Sky Nicholson, how she's picking her shots, how she's finding a brilliant game plan. Would you like to see her be more aggressive against an opponent that you have her up six rounds to none against? Well, I I think it really is dependent on whether or not that opponent looks hurt or looks defeated. I set that up about Hitchens because against José Zapeda, I saw a hurt and defeated opponent. The Hitchens had opportunities to step on the gas again. Right now, Mafu doesn't look hurt. Still looks competitive. Skye's boxing is just the difference in this fight. Yeah, Sky Nicholson's not going to be looking for the knockout. She's not a knockout puncher. Mafu has never been stopped. And she's been in there with one of the hardest punchers in boxing in in female fighting, and that's uh Amanda Serrano. So, sticking and moving, boxing, picking your shots, not getting hit. I think she's looking wonderful. Oh, good shot. Just we say that she loads up, goes for a big left hand. We'll show it a couple of times. It looks like Skye's having fun in there. The entirety of that replay, she had a big smile on her face as she was exchanging. Oh, good body shot by Nicholson right there. Hey, boxing's fun, right, Clarissa? You're supposed to smile in there when you're having fun. I don't be smiling, but I do have fun, though. You you you have fun by making them not smile. There's the right hook by Sky Nicholson. That's that's the first time I've seen her sweep like sweep away with that right hook. Southpaws need that in their arsenal because anytime they have that left hand and fighters get over aggressive, you just clean it up with that right hook. I asked Guy Nicholson how could this fight go badly for her? What does she have to avoid? And she said, "Listen, my food is a bit awkward. She can make things tough for me if it gets messy. I've got to keep this a clean fight and fight it the way that I want to dictate the pace. And that's what she's done. She's done just that. And that's why she's having fun. And that smile's still on her face. I don't know if she's been hit clean three times yet. Yeah. In preparation for this fight, Mafu told me and Chris Manx two days ago she didn't have one single female sparring partner. She was only fighting men in the buildup for this. Top female fighters do. I'm sure you do too, right Clarissa? Yeah, but I also have like male sparrow partners that kind of mimic the people I'm getting ready to fight against. So, if I fight against somebody tall, I have tall as far partners are short. They have like a big punch or something. But just because she's fighting against men doesn't mean that she um that that she had the preparation for the fight because she needs to be cutting off the ring and figuring way to get on the inside with those short arms. And she hasn't figured it out yet. And we're in round eight. Well, Scott Nicholson starting to look like Roy Jones Jr. in there. Hands down by her waist, sticking her tongue out. [Applause] Have you never seen Only two rounds to go. Sky Nicholson fighting out of Australia looking for her first world title. Sarah Mafood trying to get her second world title in the featherweight division, but she's going to have to find a minor miracle here with 3 minutes and 42 seconds to go. That right hand was blocked by Nicholson. Got to be a frustrating feeling, Sergio, for Sarah Mafu when your your opponent basically laughing at you and putting her hands by her waist the whole time. Oh, whenever you have that much agility and talent just like Nicholson, she could be it. She could be doing that. I mean, she has like long arms like a octopus out there. So, it's hard to get on the inside. And whenever you have good footwork like that and pivoting away, it's frustrating. I mean, you're on the championship level. These are this is a former champion in Sarah Mau and she's she's being outclassed by a fighter with only nine nine fights. Here's the question, Sergio. How does Sky Nicholson match up with Amanda Serrano? Because against Amanda Serrano, it's a very different fight. The punches that Mafood is pulling right now, Amanda Serrano is going to let go. Well, considering Mafood was able to last the distance with Srano. I think Nicholson has a lot better footwork than Mafood as she boxes on back foot. She has a long jab. I think it'll be a competitive fight, but I'll I'll favor Amanda Serrano with her power and experience. Well, you heard Nicholson say, "Listen, Mafood won three rounds from Amanda Serrano. She won't win a single round against me." And I think she's right. I think she's right. And you know what? Sometimes that's just as as good as a knockout, you know, pitching a shut out. How do you think she'd match up with Srorado, Carissa? Um, I mean, she would have to switch up her style a little bit. Like, I think she should still stay long and still be uh defensive, but she got to she have to keep her hands up cuz Amanda was a very big puncher. This is the final round. [Music] Final round here. Sky Nicholson has won most of if not all of the prior nine rounds. Yeah. So, who has three career knockouts, needs to say a prayer. Hope she can find something from the gods this round. She should just be running forward punching. She has nothing to lose at at this point. Well, she's trying. You can see that Nicholson does have pop in her punch. She, you know, when when she throws those shots, those looping shots of Mafu, the thump that it makes, she does have a little bit of pop, even though her knockout ratio doesn't show it. Yeah. And a lot of that comes from the commitment to professional boxing that she made last summer. Prior to last summer, she was really thinking about going back to the amateurs to try to win a gold medal. Last summer rolls around, she says, "You know what? Forget the amateurs. I am just going to chase world championships in the pro rank." She changed her strength and conditioning coach. She changed her regiment. She really focused on becoming a professional boxer. Clarissa, as you know, it is a very different style trying to win the amateurs and trying to win in the pros. Yeah. You know what? Actually, like I think her style favors the pros better. She doesn't I don't think she throws enough punches in order to be Olympic gold medalist or you know, silver medalist because you have to get more active and they don't really favor like the outboxing and stuff in the amateurs as much as in the professionals like when you go by scoreards. And she's going to have a chance to move up in weight over the years, too. I mean, in 2016 when she competed in the amateur, she was a welterweight back then. She came all the way down to this weight class. So, over the next few years, as her career continues, we'll see her climbing weight classes. Big left hand there from Nicholson, who's had the time of her life. [Applause] Oh my god. There you have it. After 10 rounds here at the Fountain Blue in Las Vegas, we go to the judges score totals. Eric Cheek and Patricia Morris German both scored about 100 to 90. Steve Weissfeld 99 to 91. All three for your winner by unanimous decision. And the new Checking the world sky.