Kind: captions Language: en Ladies and gentlemen, once again, good evening and welcome to Stockton, California. We are live on The Zone for a big night of world-class professional boxing. It's all being brought to you courtesy of Mr. Eddie Hearn of Matchroom Boxing. We're sponsored tonight by BetOnline. Chicken Ranch Casino Resort, Events 365, Drip, O'Reilly Auto Parts, Riyadh Season, 10% Club, and Everlast. All of tonight's bouts are sanctioned under the auspices of the California State Athletic Commission. The executive director is Andy Foster. The commissioner is Peter Villeagas. And this bout is also sanctioned under the auspices of the World Boxing Council. The president Mauricio Sulaiman. The supervisor is Michelle Pino Shay. Introducing your three judges scoring this title contest from ringside. Ray Danseco, Karen Holderfield, and Mark Lyson. And at the center of the bell, your third person in the ring, referee Ray Corona. And now, ladies and gentlemen, 10 rounds of boxing scheduled for the WBC interim super bantamweight championship. Introducing first, fighting out of the red corner, she wears sky blue with white and silver trim. She weighed in 120 lb. Professional record 28 victories, four defeats, one draw with four wins coming by way of knockout. Here is the former WBC bantamweight and the IBF super bantamweight champion of the world, La Cobrita, Yulihan Luna. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; And her opponent across the ring fighting out of the blue corner, she wears the green trunks. She scaled 121 and 1/2 lb. Professional record 14 victories, one defeat with three wins coming by way of knockout. Fighting out of Queensland, Australia, here is the 2020 Olympian and the former WBC featherweight champion of the world, Skye Nicholson. &gt;&gt; [applause] &gt;&gt; Nicholson. Nothing below here. Nothing below here. When you touch gloves, do it now. God bless. a natural position for her to take. She's a better boxer than she is a come-forward type of fighter, but against someone like Luna who's comfortable fighting off that back foot, she is going to have to be aggressive. Nicholson could be aggressive with that jab, that long jab. She just needs to pick it up cuz it's always coming from the hips. So, if she can pick up that jab and start doubling and tripling away in, that's how she But as far as the jab goes, both of them have good one-twos. Luna just missed a big straight right hand right now. Nicholson just missed with that check hook as well. Brown made it a messy fight, made it a physical fight on the inside. So, if you're Luna, maybe you look at that fight and see it maybe as a blueprint for some of the things you can do. And there's flashes of that. Luna does have some similar combinations as Brown, but giving Luna something to worry about at all times, if especially if she wants to try to get to the inside like that. There it is. And you keep check You keep checking it with that punch and you keep using of 122 lb division, Mayeli Flores is likely to face Ellie Scotney in a unification fight potentially as early And Yulihan Luna. Jumping corner of Luna as she runs into another check hook. And one thing you can never question about Luna is her gas tank. Credits See the punch totals through three rounds, dead even in terms of punches landed. And Luna a little busier as well, but that is a beautiful check hook from Skye Nicholson. That check hook's been landing over and over and over and it's keeping Luna at bay. Another counter shot again to the body there from Nicholson. Little footwork problem and a smile from Luna who gets blasted with another left hand. Nicholson is loading up on punches and you could tell that she feels stronger at one at this weight at this weight class because at at 122 she's really believing in her power. And it is looking pretty comfortable for Nicholson right now and places another left hand to the body of Luna. You can see the confidence abundant are being landed by Skye Nicholson. And the corner for Luna clearly understands [cheering] what that means. And the ring generalship is going to be on Nicholson as well. Sneaky left hand to the body there from Nicholson a moment ago. You see Luna snapping her gloves together in frustration as she eats another one. That straight left hand, but all these power shots Another check hook there from Skye Nicholson. Luna just can't get out of the way of it. Every time she's throwing that straight left, Skye Skye is stepping to her right and throwing that short hook. Throwing that left hand to the belly and Nicholson's coming off of a body shot TKO. If she keeps landing these shots on Luna, Skye always has the advantage. Especially if you have the long Huge left hand from Nicholson loading up with that left hand and that will be the final word of the round. Nicholson, she's going to move up in weight. She's talked about moving up in weight in the past. So, in reality, this interim title fight could turn into a full title over the next couple of months. Luna hasn't tried to do anything different. She's still following Skye Ni- She gave all credit to Tiara Brown in that performance, but she had to learn from that and she did and came back a stronger fighter. And this version of her can certainly be a world champion at 122. You see Nicholson continuing to threaten with that lead hand. There it is, but a nice right hand from Cobrita Luna. A little disappointing, Sergio, that we're not seeing Luna kind of throw caution to the wind here. She has to know she's down on the scorecard. This is kind of a once-in-a-life- Coming after her in the final 10 seconds of a dominant performance here in California. Skye Nicholson dominated 10 rounds of action here in Stockton. We go to the judges' score totals. Mark Lyson and Ray Danseco scored about 98-92. Karen Holderfield scores about 97-93. All three for your winner by unanimous decision and the new WBC interim super bantamweight champion, Skye Nicholson. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; So, Skye Nicholson, interim champion once again as she picks up the unanimous decision victory. He scores wide on all three judges' scorecards. Sergio, I thought judge fairly here tonight. Yeah, I think 98-92 seems right. I mean, maybe that first round was for Yulihan Luna, but other than that, it was all Skye Nicholson controlling the pace of this fight. It was just a It was a paint job is what we call it. You know, it was a one-sided paint job for Nicholson. All right, let's send it up to Chris Mannix who's standing by with Skye. Well, Skye, congratulations. New belt at 122, new t-shirts, new hat, new everything. How did you feel about that performance? First of all, glory to God. I feel like I was saved this year. So, all glory goes to my heavenly father, Jesus Christ. Thank you. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; It's been a big year. Didn't start the way I planned, but we finished it very nicely tonight. So, I'm very, very happy. Very grateful. I have the best team in the business. I'm so grateful. So blessed. My parents flew out all the way from Australia to be here in Stockton tonight. So, thank you, everyone. Thanks for the support. Very happy. You were on a bit of a power surge your last couple of fights. This one looked more like the best of Skye 1.0, the boxing, sticking and moving. What was working for you tonight? I'm actually really grateful to Yulihan Luna as well. I wanted to be in a real fight. I wanted to be in with a high-quality opponent. I think we showed that tonight. It's not often you see two female boxers with really good boxing IQ and ring IQ. So, I hope that we we showed what the girls can do. It's not all rough and tough. We can box as well. So, yeah, I had to I had to box and use my skills tonight. She's a very tough Mexican fighter. She's been in with very tough girls. So, yeah, I'm very happy with my performance. All the belts at 122 will be on the line most likely next month with Flores fighting Scotney. Is that The winner of that fight, is that who you're targeting next? Yeah, I'm I was promised I'll be made mandatory for the for the WBC, the full title. So, Ellie holds that right now. She's obviously got a fight scheduled for undisputed. So, hopefully she comes through that fight and we can have a big undisputed showdown early next year. Got a little emotional there for a moment when I first started talking to you. You started this year off tough with a loss. What does it mean to you to finish it with a win and a new belt? It means everything. It's been It was a Yeah, it was a really tough loss. There's been a lot of soul-searching this year and I'm very happy to be back. Congratulations, Skye. Thank you. Well, what a performance from Skye Nicholson here in