Kind: captions Language: en Guys, you both know the rules. So, keep it clean. When I say break, you stop boxing. Take a step back immediately. Protect yourselves at all times. Eight rounds touch. Eighth out for Ibrahim Spider Sullivan in with Liverpool's Brian Phillips. Second fight here on before the bell for the first round. And we heard in the introduction there, Dave Sullivan. He sold some tickets. Popular young man. Yeah, I think he's very good. He's one I followed for a while. He won the ABA I think 23 beat a friend of mine Owen Durn in the final. Um a new experience for him tonight. He's had seven fights. He's boxed some of the some of the best uh toughest cleverest journeyman on the on the circuit. Um you know most from abroad shot four of them. So you know he's well above the average. But tonight it's a different task is it? You know that first time when someone's a pro small gloves is going to try and beat him. It's a new experience for him. um could play into his hands. You know, he's he's a counter puncher. He's uh he's fast. Interesting. Yeah, he doesn't look overruled at all, does he? Phillips with the task in front of him. He's seen it all before at a level and he's coming in with full ambition. That was a nice left to the body, but and also a right hand, a straight right landing from Phillips who's getting stuck right in here on the chest of Sulleon. Two and a half years out, you would when you fight like this, I don't think it matters as much to be honest. Oh, nice left hand. This is good work though from Sulleon. Just pushing Phillips back. Hurtful shots to the body. Landing a lead right hook as well. Sulleon mixing fire with fire. Look at the reding around the body of Phillips already. They need to be careful with that slow jab to the body. Phillips. Yeah, he's pouring. I won't really call it a jab. He's just pouring it out. Yeah, he's shot to the body. Very, very hurtful. One thing we've seen in the seven fights already from Sulleon is when he has you hurt, he does not let you off the hook. Just varying up that left hand there, Dave. Looking spiteful aggressive here. As soon as Phillips goes on the battlefield, it's game over really. Whe whether he's going to go and survive for another seven and a half rounds or whether he's going to get someone's going to get to him, I'm not sure, but it's game over. Phillips won't win this fight in the back four. If he wants to win it, he's not to do what he just did for the first minute. Can he do that two years out again? Still sort of searching for that hunger and desire. How much is left? But it was a very good start. But starting to get pegged back a bit here, Phillips from Sulleon. Oh, lovely jab. [Music] Always looking for that sloppy mistake, Silon. That's another nice left to the body. It seemed to just bend the knees and again of Phillips. He's under the co here. This is good work from Sleon. who lands another lift to the body. Changing the direction now, but these are hurtful attacks to the body, Dave. Yeah, it's the body shots that seems to be bothering Phillips. I can see rapper and manager JK on his feet at ringside. We haven't seen a right hook to the body yet from Son. I don't think the bowling with a with a like a bowl or left hand to the body. I've not seen a show right to the body yet. Getting a warning there for one straying low from Sulon. But when he goes through the gears, I'm telling you, he's a joy to watch, isn't he? He's good. Very good. Yeah. Credit to Phillips here trying to hold the center of the ring trying to look for that right hand over the top and Sulleon just on the bell there. Land and another left to the body. A very, very impressive opening round from Ibrahim Sulleon. Lovely body shot. He done well. Took that well, didn't he, Phillips? Cuz that is a peach of a left to the body. Yeah, the ball with lets him shorten up the the right hook to the body as well. Yeah, just slipping and sliding, waiting for something to come out so he can counter it. Simon and again in the It's all with It's all with the the left hand. It's Elvis with the with the left hand just switching from time to time as well. And the jab has used his jab there though. He has he has jab corners 10 seconds. He's really good, isn't he? He is good. Really impressive. And exciting to boot. Into the second round we go. And gamely on the front foot. Brian Phillips in his 17th contest as a professional as we've mentioned myself and Dave been out the ring a couple of years [Music] been in with some decent fighters as we've said Michael Gomez Junior losing by a point Edwards who we see putting a brilliant performance against Peter McGra who's on tonight's main card line nice left hand seemed to stagger the legs slightly of Phillips and again high with the left hand. He's showing real toughness here, Phillips. But this is a good onslaught of shots from Ibrahim Sulleon. Again, the menacing swagger that he has when he carries his hands low and just walks forward with not a care in the world. So exciting. He is. Yeah, I'm really really enjoying watching that. He's good. Really good. You get to a point now your Brian Phillips, you can't afford to throw anything sloppy here. You you cannot be pouring out that lead hand. But showing lots of heart. He's very explosive Solomon. So for me, Phillips once Sullivan has his little go. If Philillips wants to win this fight, he has to really put the pressure on, which is easier said than done. Yeah, we've already seen not just the the quick hands, but the reactions and footwork of Slemans are getting close to the young man. You're getting into that danger zone. I think more than the power, Phil is struggling with the speed more than the power. Good head work, head movement there from Sullivan. That's a nice body shot. Yeah, with the right hand that he was asking for, then went back upstairs with a left hook. real test you could say, albeit Philips been out the ring a couple of years. moving nicely. Again, you have to commend the the bravery here and the will to win from Phillips. Yeah, he's sticking in there. He's sticking in there. Sticking in there. He is. He's trying to force the pace. Look, he's on the on the front foot. He hasn't got He just hasn't got the quality. Solomon's got the quality really. They really react to every shot he lands. Good right hand there from Phillips. Just a little wide with that left hook. Sulleman. Oh, but a lovely right hand from the orthodox stance to end that second round. Another good round for Ibrahim Sulleon. Yeah, someone was tall, but I thought Phillips had a good round really after the first minute. I think he really he really uh plugged on there and just and just stayed in stayed in there and uh going to get interesting. Still six rounds to go. A long time. Well, he responded well as you said after that very impressive opening round from Sullivan. Just the difference in speed and reflexes and everything just night and day. He was met with a beautiful right hand and again from Sulleon. He's in full flow at the minute. All ears on coach. Corners 10 seconds. Seconds out. Round three. The third one here. The BP Pulse Arena Resorts World Birmingham. Ibrahim Sulleon. Brian Phillips from Liverpool again. Brian Phillips trying to look to hold the center of the ring. Trying to get into this contest game as they come. You just feel at any second Dave could be Ibrahim Sullivan just looking to burst into full flow. Put his foot on the gas and let a flurry of shots go. I think Villa's doing the right things now. He's just he's just pushing him back. I wouldn't say forcing the pace so much cuz he is a bit worried about what's coming about. But faints there as well just stopping Sullivan from Yeah, I think Phillips is doing some uh some good stuff. He's really fit Phillips and he can tell. Really fit. Sol we haven't seen a burst through now. Is that the experience? You know, nullifying any work or stopping any work coming his way from Sulleon. All heads coming close. Yeah, there was a nice right to the body. Just crouching down over that front foot. The heads are coming close. And as I said, we see when he works highlight, he's really really good. Really good. about to say as I mentioned before that that cut that he suffered against Kevin Tron was a terrible clash of heads here when he bursts into action. Joy to watch looking at that left to the body again to the Sulleon. Good shot again leads a nice right hand. Picked his moment well to throw that shot. [Applause] Yeah, at times just knows when to to stop the work from Sulleon. Faints. Good work with that left to the body there. Tucking up nicely. Good head movement. I was impressed with that with the fights I've watched of Phillips in the past. Good shot again. Yeah, good right hand. Just takes his head off the line as well to the left hand side. Just avoiding any threat coming back. Just taking the sting out of that nice overhand right from Sulleon. [Music] If this does here this bell for the third round and Sulleon does sit down on the stoall. What are you asking from the young man? Just get behind the jab. You know, we're not you you can't just go and go and go and go. When he when he goes in combinations, he's a joy to watch and he's top class, but no one can do that. So, he has he has to jab. He's letting Brian Phillips get in the fight in my opinion. Brian Phillips is getting in this now. Oh, good work. But Fman's allowing him because he's he's not using his jab. He is at times top class, but he's not using it enough. And this fight could get interesting in a couple of rounds, I think. Yeah, starting to heat up nicely. Brian Phillips starting to get into this one after a blistering start from Ibrahim Sulleman. Phillips is good though. He He's a He's a good little pro, ain't he? Like he knows what he's doing. same as the first fight like the prospect like you expected him to win and shine but well I talk about stars and future stars and then there's the likes of this man here Giorgio Vizoli not put a foot wrong so far really impressive in his start to his pro career never stopped anyone in the amateur day and these dispatching of opponents. They are very good. Two time champion, two weight ABA champion. Giorgio Vizoli up next from the former green and gold of Repton. I weren't a big fan of the southpaw switch there from Phillips to be honest. I'm glad that didn't only last 8 seconds. It's very back door for Duck again. I think just trying to unsettle Sulleon trying to stop the the young man from working getting into any sort of flow cuz it would have been disastrous if he would have followed up that first round with another like that. I think I think Philips team would have expected Sullivan to be, you know, winning the early rounds, but I think it's probably gone better than expected for Philips really. He's had more success tonight than I expected really. Sullivan, he has to he has to jab. He's looks nice. It's good and flashy, but you just can't beat a jab. Yeah, I agree. The most important shot in boxing, that lead hand jab there. Just jab. I think he's just so desperate to hurt Phillip with every shot, isn't he? He's just neglecting that lead hand. Phillips has come to win. There's the difference. He's not going to get hit and shy away. He wants to win this. Oh, nice counter left to the body though from Ibrahim Sullman. Like there you have to faint or jab or do something. You have to you have to fill that space with something. Exactly that. Fill in the gaps like there. He can't afford just be standing still not doing anything. That's better. Look when he throws that lead hand. Look how sharp and accurate and it just feet are great. Everything's great. He just needs to do a little bit more of it. And again just knocked back the head of Phillips. He's stopped the liver puddle and letting his hands go now. Oh, just missing with that right hand. Blood to the nose. The best minute. I think he's been jabbing and fainting. Putting a few shots together. One, two, ones and twos. Like six sevens and eight. What good six sevens and eight was all around. How many 12 punch combinations you put together? So around fight 12 punch combinations. I don't know. How many What was the most punch combination you ever put together as a pro, do you reckon? Probably six. Five or six. Yeah. What was it? Well, what do you mean? I I did a flurry of body shots. Yeah. Maybe maybe five. Was he scoring punches? Yeah. Really? I was the most accurate fight there was. Mine's one jab, single back hand, one at a time. I think Solomon's done better this round. I think he's done better. I think he's I think he's controlled stop it back from from letting shots go. As I say that though, back comes Phillips. That was some good work. He started low there and finished high. Yeah, I I think Phil is doing good, but I think a better round here. That was a good overhand right from Phillips, but back comes Sulleon. [Applause] One thing's for sure th this is a really really good learning fight for Ibrahim Sulleon. Is really giving him just looks as a ringside here. Big smile just slowly sat down on that stall there. Was there another body shot that landed? But he's just game as they come and he's really really having a go here and making a very good account of himself. Look, we don't know what Philillip's ambitions are in the sport, but one thing's for sure and the up and cominging fighters around the sort of level that Sullivan is, he's he's going to test you. Oh, definitely. This is this is a great audition to be like the gatekeeper towards English going up to British title level. You can fight certainly certainly a very good fight. I think the difference between big tires winners the rest of he plays power and speed and likes a bit of that but he has but he has the skill the toughness the fitness and he and he's he's still in this fight as well I think at halfway yeah without a shadow of a doubt making the young man Ibrahim Sulleman work to find the openings just taking low step back there and just this pace going to suit Solomon when it's just turned into a boxing match about hand speed at this pace it's about hand speed but would Phillips want a high tempo being out the ring for two years does he want to win the fight if he wants to win the fight he has to and I think he wants to win the fight I just don't think he has the speed uh the reflexes the power to do so this is certain Solomon he can walk around he can throw his jab he can faint he can look the part he'll probably throw a few combinations but as It is. This is going eight rounds. Yeah, very he wants to get him out of there, don't he? Very difficult to compete when you're second best when it comes to hand speed foot movement. Oh, that's good variation just finishing that free punch combination with a lovely right through the middle. Looking for the jab there. Just blocking it while Phillips. Nice high guard from Phillips. Dave. Yeah, the D is starting to slow down now. We put a lot in them first rounds. He has started to slow down. It's certain Solomon. Um I think Son is throwing he's throwing the backhand. He's leading with he's leading with the backand following with a with a lead uppercut which is which is a which is a good shot. He's starting to come back with the body shots again. Sulleman really starting to sink him in. If anything slow comes his way make well the pace is slow down. It's a He's he's boxing really well. Phil, it was Phillip. It wasn't Solomon doing anything particularly bad. I think Phillips really really pushed the pace early. Yeah. Let his hands go again. Then just miss him with the right hand. But again, tucking up nicely, moving the head. Blood coming from the nose of Phillips. That's a nice left to the body Dave from Sullivan. Again, I don't think there's too much left in Phillips to be honest. So, a change of pace from Sullivan. I I think three rounds and 45 seconds is is a very long time. 2 and a half years out. I think he's really really feeling it now. I think he's really feeling it. His punch output's gone to near zero. I think he's put a great effort in, but I just think the time out now has really catch up with power. Som's corner. I'm saying go through the gears now. I just there's not much left. And we know that he has it Sullivan. We've seen it in the past. [Applause] Put shots together. Yeah. Oh, nice lead left there. Shortened it up well. Really accurate with the shot. And yeah, the slower pace as you said, Dave, is suited Silon in this round, landing the cleaner shots. But again, Phillips on the front foot gamely trying to put a dent in the younger man. Yeah, we're just looking at Phillips there. They've slowly sitting down. It's going to be a very very long last through. He's put a great effort. I think the time out is really starting to feel it now. You can just see it as a box. You can feel it. You can see it that slow back the corner there. He's going to have to really work hard to get through this last three now. As I said there, there's that combination. He finished it with a beautiful right uppercut through the middle of the guard. It's been a good guard from Phillips, but yeah, the the slower pace there allowed this man here, Ibraim Sulleman, to to find the target with a single shot. Yeah, the slow pace. I like seeing go from that slow pace up it bring it back down. I think um good shot off the back, but I think if he catches Phra straight after that injection of pace, I think that's where we're going to see a stoppage. Yeah, it would be a good stoppage. It'd only be the second stoppage of the four defeats that Phillips has suffered. The only stoppage has come to Nick Ball. That's back in 2018. It was in the second round. Ball's sick fight. He's had one more has Sulleon, but nonetheless, it would still be a very good stoppage, albeit out the ring two years. Phillips looking for a nice right to the body there rather landing the shot. Oh, walk in Phillips onto a nice check right hook and just again struggling with the the speed. That was a nice sort of step to the left. Good exit from Sulleon. [Applause] Oh, just leaning over the front foot getting caught with another left uppercut. Phillips and a left to the body. Will we see that change of pace from Sulleon? That's all he needs. I think now it's all he needs that change of pace. You get the impression though he's enjoying himself. Sulleon, I think he's boxing really well. Yeah, I think I think he's a really really big talent. Must say though, massive credit to Brian Phillips here. Even with a sharp shooting youngster who hasn't put a foot wrong who's full of ambition and you've been out the ring two years to put a performance like this trying to get on the chest. He tried in every round hasn't he? But it's been the difference in speed and and ultimately freshness as well. Good variation again from Sullman getting on about a foot now. I like the stoppage D. You know what I mean? Like as much as I like Brian Phillips, you like to see stoppages, don't you? I think that that's what 99.9% of people that tune in or buy a ticket to boxing want to see. They like to see the dramatic finishes. Good. One, two, dropping the left to the body from Sulleon. Taking a little step back and looking for varied work with that left hand. This is good. But back comes Phillips again. Oh, walking onto a left uppercut though, Dave. Good work from Sulleon. Backed onto the ropes. It's a great effort from Philly. Brilliant effort. The quality, the difference in quality is just massive, you know, night and day putting all the fitness and all the rest of it. Sullivan is very, very good. But I just think if you're going to the top, you you're getting Brian Phillips out there now at this point. He's uh he's there for the taking. I think you are a hard taskmaster, Dave Allen. Yeah, I know. I'm not even that good myself either. Well, current form says otherwise, Dave. Good work though on the back foot. But back comes Phillips looking for shots. Oh, walking onto an uppercut. Just taking a step back. Phillips. Yeah. And he survives. I thought he stopped it. No, he survives the round right on the bell there. Landing a good clean shot. I think they're saying that the shot may have been after the ball. Didn't hear the bell myself to be fair. Getting hard though, is it? It's getting really hard now. I've been thinking like 2 and a half years out, you know, but you mentioned it in that first fight, you know, you get to this stage in the contest, the light at the end of the tunnels there, you can see the finish line. Man, it's only going to get harder. He took the shots really well though, um, Phillips, he took them really well. Like I don't think he's been hurt one time really. No, only to the body, I think, in that opening round. But yeah, to the chin. He He's taken the shots well. And look at this effort. Fantastic from Phillips. It really is nice counter to the body there. Round seven. Two rounds to go in this contest. Two rounds you feel for for Brian Phillips to try and survive. And can he do that? Yeah. Solomon's miles in front. Phillips needs a stoppage. He's not getting the stoppage. There's only one winner from here. It's just does he get the stoppage or or does he win on points? I think that's the only thing we can have come close a lot. You know, they have. Where does where where does the stoppage come, Dave? If he is to get it to him, I don't think he's got the power to to hurt Phillips, I think. But I think Phillips is there for the taking. I think he's absolutely exhausted. You think it's a volume of shots and the referee jumping in? This referee jumped in the first fight. I' I'd put me put me shots together and try and get him out of there. He's there for the taking. It' be a great result because Phillips can fight and he's tough. But how Sullivan like I'm I want to finish the show. Like I said earlier, you want to get off before the bell and get on the on the on the on the on the main card. Got to get these guys out of there. Landed a nice left hand there, but didn't follow it up with anything. Sulleman. Nice jab with that right hand. He's quality. Yeah, very good. He's good. Yeah, he's very good. Very good. But, you know, I I will agree as good as he's been to them and very, very good. Sometimes you just feel like you're waiting for him to get going. Yeah. I want more out of him cuz I think he's capable of it. Exactly that. He's capable of it. And when he does do it, it's so eye-catching. It's so good to watch. You just want to see more of it. Wonderful. Well, that that I mean, that's the art of boxing right there. Avoiding the shots and firing back with first gear all the time. And over eight rounds, you can't be in first gear all the time. You can if you want, but if you want to go to the top and be on the the big cards, you got to do more of it. But I think Oh, nice left to the body. The knees just buckling. Phillips there. He's starting to unravel. This is good work. A menacing look to the work of Sullivan. He's doing well, Phillips. I can't believe he really has. The toughness shown by the liver puddle. Two and a half rounds ago, I thought, how is he going to get through this? is literally 4 minutes away from seeing the final bell. I don't know how long he's just managed to weather the storm again. Got to go again. The top the the real top fighters just go again and again and again. Yeah, the the gameness the toughness shown by Phillips so commendable. It really is. He's trying, isn't he? He's trying to survive. He's trying to let his hands go. Sulleon, you do feel he's let his opponent off the hook there. But I think it, look, we're not asking something of Sullivan that we don't believe he can do. We've seen him go through the gear. So I think he'll probably sit down and watch this afterwards. I think, yep, the guy's all right. Just a bit more work required as I go through the the the levels in this sport, but it's there. He could be that chatting with anybody. Literally anybody. He's brilliant. Well, it's the experience as well again. The experience against the first first properator on the first proper fight. I've been really impressed. I just want to see more a little bit more if he There's that beautiful step back and the left counter if he was to get the stoppage in this final round, the eighth round, or that very good opening round that he had. What What option do you think he'd prefer? First round stoppage or an eighth round stop the eight rounds. I think he'll be after the eight rounds. Yeah, I think he'll be over the moon. He's going to do very well to get this fellow out there in the last round. Like you say, you can see the light. He'll be trying his best to get through and he deserves it. And I really hope he does now. I really hope that sees the final bell, but it's been a great talking as a fan. You want to see stoppages, you know, if you want to get the big car out final round. But very very good though. He's a joy to watch. which I enjoy watching. Yeah, it would be sickening if uh Philillips was to get stopped in this eighth round. He's really had a go. Shown so much toughness. How many last round stoppages did you have in your career? Me? I don't think I need to be zero. I think they're rare, aren't they? I didn't I didn't carry my power late. Lack of power that I had anyway. Good work behind that lead right hand doubling up the the left the right hook. Sorry. Started high, finished low. I think you asked for that a couple of rounds ago, Dave. You know, starting to turn the screw a little bit here. Sulleon, he looks desperate for this stoppage. Will Phillips survive? Couple of those look low from Sulleon. Back comes Phillips with a straight right to the body. Creeping forward. Game as they come. He really is. And I've said this before. I think the danger is when Phillips punches. I'll think for in a minute. Yeah, the danger is when he punches himself. I think you've called it a brilliant gatekeeper if you like for area and English title level Phillips and I don't want to be disrespectful there because he's fought at a higher level but been out the ring for a while he's aging now slightly aging he's been around but there's going to be plenty of fights there and he's a he's a great he's a great fight for anybody any upcoming kid any any area title fight Imagine we're a fellow move around like Sullman's a top class prospect Phillips in with with another Brian Phillips two Brian Phillips. A what a fight. Well, with the inclusion or the or the the world of AI now you you could see it two I'd like to see two Dave Allen fight. I'd like to see Brian Fuller not block southpaw. I don't think he's I don't think he's I don't think he's natural south. Is he just trying to nullify and stop Sulleon letting his hands go? lands a nice left to the body. He do not have good confl though. He's starting to up the tempo slightly. A nice straight right to the body going through the gears. But back comes Phillips. Just over 45 seconds to go in the final round. He's made someone work hard to be fair though. He has made him work hard. And we said it, didn't we, early on, he's uh he's going to have learned loads from this. Definitely. I think this is really worth more another seven put together. [Applause] Just pushing off of the shoulder there. Some fantastic things. He's really really talented, isn't it? Yeah, as we see there. Nice combination. Three shots again. Finishing with the right uppercut and unorthodox way to finisher a combination, but he does it so well. And it's it's been impressive. It has. I know we haven't seen the stoppage. At times you feel like he could have let his hands go a little bit more, but it's been a classy display. And they trade shots in this final round. Blood streaming from the nose of Phillips, who's been as game as they come throughout this contest. But Sullean will get his arm raised in a massive learning fight against one of the gamest opponents you'll find in Brian Phillips. been out the ring for 2 years, but a good good fight. I thought it was brilliant from both. Both did the job fantastically well. How would you score it, Dan? Are you going to give Phelips a share of a round or not? 80 73 maybe given the third round. Yeah, second and third were were closer, weren't they? But I hope he gives him half a share of a round. A look at him going. Look at that. That heart and courage from Phillips after the shots he' taken from Sulleon. But yeah, the the class at Sulleman's at the time was was so impressive, wasn't it? The counter punching, the speed, the accuracy. So much to work with, Dave. Yeah, I think Solomon's really good. Really, really good. It be interesting. The lightweight division really strong at the minute. It' be interesting to put him with next. Yeah, that that is a very good question. That's that's two eight rounders now in the bag for Sulleon. Perhaps one or two more before going into 10 rounders, but a very good display nonetheless from both there. But let's hand over to David Deante. Ladies and gentlemen, after eight rounds here in Birmingham, we go to referee Ryan Churchill. Scorecard, it reads 80 to 72. for your winner. He's still undefeated. Ibraim Spider Sullean. Dep Sullivan moves to 8 and0.