Kind: captions Language: en What a shot. The female fight of the year. Well, hello and welcome back to Flash Knockdown series 6, episode number nine. It's fight week for us over in Orlando, Florida this Saturday night on the zone. But here's what we have coming up for you all on today's show. Promoter Eddie Hearn joins us to preview a busy schedule and talk our [music] newlyannounced events and look back on the weekend's action. Newly crowned English and WBA international flyweight champion Hamz Ruine joins us in the studio. And so does the gentleman John Hedges ahead of his English cruiserweight title fight just announced for December the 17th. I caught up with Meatball Molly Macan in Liverpool at Everton's brand new home. Olympic bronze medalist Amari Jones joins us ahead of his ring return in Florida on Saturday night. And of course, there's all the usual chat, quiz, and much more coming up. You know what to do. Don't go anywhere. We're very happy to say once again joining us on Flash Knockdown is promoter Eddie Hearn. Eddie, first things first, a big weekend of boxing in the heavyweight division, Fabia Wardley beats Joseph Parker and seemingly locks in a shot at Alexander Rousi. What did you make of what you saw on Saturday night? &gt;&gt; Great, great fight. I mean, I'm I'm kind of bored now writing off Fabio Wardley. I feel a bit bad for him, you know. I mean, he's what he's done is sensational. Um I I didn't think he'd beat Fraser Clark in a rematch. I didn't think he'd beat Justice Honey, and I didn't think he'd beat Joseph Parker and he's I actually didn't think he'd beat David Adelaide either. So, you know, and it's nothing against his ability. It's just, you know, that the experience in the pedigree lends itself to just pick the one that's been there before, the one that's got the pedigree, the one that's had those big fights. And you know, I thought Saturday he was phenomenal. I mean, his powers of recovery, his engine was just freakish really. And &gt;&gt; you know, but but beyond that, I mean, his game as a badger, not sure that's the right term, but I think it is actually. And it's like, &gt;&gt; yeah. No, I think it is. And but what impressed me more was actually his ring generalship in that fight rather than just this guy who can just punch. And I think Ben Davidson deserves a lot of credit because little things like the way he was tying Joseph Parker up, you know, the jab was working very well. His feet positioning, you know, really impressive. Um, and yeah, he he looked like a much more experienced fighter. The way he rolls with shots, very difficult to hit clean. Yeah, it looked like Parker was landing a lot, but it was always when Fabio was turning away or you know um and yeah, it was a it was a much I mean if you think about he lost most rounds against Justice Honey also although Justice got stopped it puts his stock right up really in that performance but this was a different kind of performance to the Honey fight like he was actually outclassed in the Honey fight although Parker for me was winning the fight three rounds something like that it was very competitive, but he's just got this like almost like this wonderful naivity of of when he's under fire, he's at his most dangerous. And he's very very exciting to watch. He deserves a massive, you know, deserves his flowers, massive credit because, like I said, like I, you know, I I think he's a a great guy. He deserves all his all his um, you know, applaudits and everything that comes with it because he's grafted really hard. But I just I always honest in my pick and I didn't see him winning that fight. But I thought he was really impressive beyond just being a puncher and someone that likes to trade. I thought he was actually smart in there as well. &gt;&gt; Lots of discussion about the stoppage. Did you think it was early? What was your thoughts? &gt;&gt; It was it was early because Parker, you know, for me was under fire. uh he not a lot was landing clean. I think Fabio was probably on the verge of you know um spilling his bowl as well and I think you should have been given the opportunity to continue. However, you can't sit on the ropes and not do anything. I mean you can ride shots but if you are under bar, you know, he was he was clearly hurt and also there was a barrage of punches. Now, in the moment, probably Howard Foster's not seeing what's landing like you can in the replay. There wasn't a lot landing. But what you can't do is just sit on the ropes. You You've either got to fire back or you've got to hold. And he did none of that, Joseph. I mean, you know, he was he was very brave, but he just let Fabot off on him. And at some point, you run the risk of the ref going enough's enough. And look, you know, you hear a lot of experienced fighters, ex- fighters saying that, you know, when is enough? You know, two or three clean ones and maybe, you know, it's it starts questioning the future of Joseph Parker's career. So, I never hate an early stoppage. I think for an interim heavyweight world title, I think, you know, and and you know that Joseph's very experienced. He's got good powers of recovery. Um, so I do think it was a touch earlier, but but I think you can't just sit there and and let let a fighter unload on you when you're hurt with dozens of punches that are effectively unanswered. &gt;&gt; You said that you haven't given Fabio much chance, Ed, and this is the last time you brought him off, but what about in a fight against Alexander? How much chance? &gt;&gt; Yeah, look, I think again I'm gonna have to pick against Fabio, but the one thing I'll say is is Fabio will always be dangerous, right? He'll always be. And the thing is with Fabio, what makes him so unique is when he's hurt, that's when he's at his most dangerous. So you can actually you can box with Fabio, right? And you like, for example, Usyk like and again, no disrespect to Fabio, Usyk will box Fabio's ears off, right? Just like Justice Honey did, but he's going to be dangerous. And the problem is is when you start actually going for the finish or trying to hurt him or trying to put your foot on the pedal, that's when you start play. And that's what Justice Honey did. Justice Honey got carried away. He got a little bit sloppy. He thought, I've got two rounds to go here. I've won every round. Let's let's might even get him out of there, which he looked like he might do, and then walked on to one. Probably Usyk won't make that mistake. But listen, if Fabio lands on Usyk, he'll know all about it. I mean, you know, but how mad is it we're talking about Fabio Waldley fighting Alexander Usyk and you know I feel bad for Joe Parker because kind of feel like he's been messed about a bit but he got beat in a fight that he was supposed to win and the fact that he was waiting for Alexander Usyk you have to say well Fabio's probably now mandatory so you can't you know is like Adelaide Honey Clark I know it's Not probably the same run that Joseph Park has had, but it's still a very very impressive run and you know I hope he gets the opportunity. &gt;&gt; It looks like Dillian White Derek Jazora part three is going to be formally announced in the next few days. Is that a fight that you think makes sense for both at this point? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean I think it's, you know, two guys that are, you know, obviously past their best, but two guys that have got tremendous history. I mean, good luck negotiating that fight with Derek Chazora because Derek knows, you know, when Derek's got you by the nuts, it's an horrible bit of negotiation, you know, because you got to pay up and that's, you know, Derek knows that they want that fight in December. They need that show and you're going to have to pay for it if you want me to do it. So, Dillian's coming off that first round defeat. Derek's actually been looking pretty good really with with a string of good wins. I think I make I make him a favorite in that fight, but Dillian, you know, he's got a lot of pride and, you know, although it's like I say, it's two guys that are towards the end of their career. I think it's always great to see those domestic fights. &gt;&gt; They're calling they they did a thing, I don't know if you watched the design broadcast, they bought out all the heavyweights and you know, they're calling Queensbury the home of the heavyweights at the minute. When you see that, Eddie, is there any concern about the depth Matram have at heavyweight at the minute or not? Not really because I don't see a lot of those guys fighting each other if I'm honest. I mean it was like line everybody up and say who you fighting and no one said like we're all out soon but no one's fighting each other. So you know Parker Waldley was was a good fight. Why not make Kabow against Dubois? Why not make uh Mo Why not make Moses against Dubois? Why not make Moses against Kab? Why not make Moses against Lawrence Aolei? Why not make Lawrence Aolei against Daniel Dubois? The problem is at the moment is a lot of these fighters are on big money and they it's not it's not Queensbury's fault because they want to make the big fights like other promoters but for for X to fight Y costs an absolute fortune and you have to put it on pay-per-view but it has to deliver numbers and that is the danger because some of these guys profile is isn't big enough. So you look at great fights like that like I don't know a Kohli against Dubois or a Kohley against Cababaya or it's just not going to hit the numbers. Those guys want millions for those fights and it's just not worth it. So then you're left with putting those guys in with weak B sides because that because of the amount of money they want to fight. So yeah, don't get me wrong, I would like that stable at heavyweight, but it's a it's a real ball lake trying to get those guys to fight each other for the right amount of money. And that that's where the pay-per-view problem really starts to kick in. &gt;&gt; As far as match room does go, Eddie, the the shows keep rolling in. Fight week in Orlando. What most sticks out for you on the show this week? &gt;&gt; A few things really. I mean, you know, we we've got this um we we're moving away from this sort of nextgen brand, if you like, on in the UK, and we're starting to put these smaller shows in between the bigger shows. We did it with Lard against Conway, which work fantastically well. Um and we'll do it again in Orlando this weekend, and we have a really intriguing heavyweight fight, um Pero against Jordan Thompson. Pero now top 10 with the WBA, unbeaten Cuban fighter. Very, very good. Him and his brother. I think they're two potential future world heavyweight champions in in a in a bit of a bizarre matchup against Jordan Thompson if I'm honest. I mean, Jordan Thompson is a guy who's had bundles of ability for a long time, right? Looks the part, punches really hard, good foundations, good technical ability, but was boiling him down to make Cruiserweight. You know, we had one fight left at cruiserweight really before he had to go and he we he rolled the dice against Jetire and now he completely rolls the dice against Lenny Apero. I mean this is a fight for Jordan Thompson and I don't mind it because you know he's a bit in no man's land at the moment. You can come back in an eight rounder, you can come back in a soft fight or you can just roll the dice. If you win you're a top 10 heavyweight in the world. if you lose, you can come back and and actually start your campaign again at heavyweight if you like, if that's what you want to do. So, I think Jordan's looked at himself and gone, you know what, I I'm just ready to roll the dice. There are some question marks against Per. I think Jordan might be fighting him at a a a poorer time because I think Pero's been a bit sloppy in the past. I think he's been a bit lazy. Hasn't always come into the fight in the best of conditions. The word is the guys have put the work in in this training camp in Las Vegas. Pero's coming into this fight in top shape, but Jordan Thompson can turn your lights out at any moment. It's going to be interesting to see if if his resilience improves up at heavyweight. Some people would say it wouldn't, but when you're draining yourself to make that championship weight like he was, I don't think your resistance can be at his best. So like Fabio Waldley, you're going to like the key to being a heavyweight is being able to take hammer and give it back and have a good engine and stand and trade and battle it out in the trenches. If he can do that up at heavyweight, he's going to be a lot of fun. But you know, it's a it's a mountain to climb, but they know that and and they're rolling the dice. Elsewhere, Amari Jones back, you know, sold a huge amount of tickets in Orlando. He's got a really good fight as well as he steps towards 10 rounds in 2026. Pat Brown against Felix Valer, a great fight. I mean, Pat's US debut. Um, for me right now, Pat Brown is one of the most exciting prospects in world boxing. I think he's, you know, you can never say you're nailed on, you know, to win a world title, but I think this this young man is so so good. And he's got a really tough fight against Valera. I mean, he's still a baby in his professional career really. Now, this guy just had a really good competitive fight with Tristan Cow um Golden Boys top prospect. I think he's 16 and0 or some 16-1 something like that. He's a big strong man. So, looking forward to that. Nishant Dev backs a good card in Orlando and the Karee Royale will will be there later this week. &gt;&gt; And by the time this goes out, Eddie, also another show announced in December on a Wednesday night. What's the thinking there? Yeah, cold Wednesday at the O2 in December. This is just Jamie what I talked about before about slotting these smaller shows in. Although they're nextgen effectively, really we we're moving them away from nextgen because I think our young roster is so good. I don't want to just label them as nextg anymore. I think they're championship fighters and George Vizoli's got a really really good fight. Um, you know, I think uh Dave Allen just is beside himself, his prospect, his fighter stepping up. And I got to say, it's it's a ballsy move from Dave and Joe. I mean, you know, I think this is a fight where they will come in as a big underdog against a fighter like Vizoli. I think he's looked absolutely world class, you know, but also at the end of the day, you know, they he can fight as well and and Dave believes that his man can win the fight. So fantastic that we see a really good domestic fight against two young unbeaten fighters. Um John Hedges has got a very very tough fight as well in the cruiserweight division. I really really like that fight as well. Um Tier Aton back out again. Adam Macka back out again. Taylor Beavenon back out again. Ley Buttergy back out again. Our young prospects right now in our stable phenomenal and I'm really pleased that we're keeping them active. So yeah, it'll be an interesting little night Wednesday in uh at the O2 in December. Bring it on. &gt;&gt; And you won the first bid for the Andy Cruz Moratella fight as well. When do you think we can expect to see that one? &gt;&gt; You're going to you're going to get an annual [laughter] is looking sick, bro. But on a serious note, the Andy Cruz Moritaya fight is a wonderful, wonderful fight. I mean, for me, that's a huge step up for Andy Cruz. Muritaya can really, really fight. But we are planning on both sides of the Atlantic. Just such a wonderful start to the year, January, February, March. And we're probably a week a week to two weeks away from announcing that full slate. I would love to be in a spot where we can announce January, February, March in the next couple of weeks. We got massive unification fights. We're working on loads of world championship stuff. Domestic crackers. It's it's looking really really good. But in answer to your question, Andy Cruz may retire end of January in America. Obviously a wonderful fight for the 135 pound division and like a tough fight. You know, as much as I rate Andy Cruz, very very tough fight and it's a brilliant one. When I hear you speak like that, Ed, how would you describe your motivation right now given the latest news with Dana White and heading into this new year? What version of Eddie Hearn is this? &gt;&gt; Um, honestly, the more um motivated I've ever been. Um, the the vision is very is clear. The vision is clearer than it's ever been. I think there's more promoters working together. I think there's more fighters looking to be involved in big fights. Um, you know, we sit with the only global TV rights deal in the world with with the zone that gives us a plethora of dates in the US, the UK, Australia, Mexico, obviously the Middle East as well. So many new territories to be unlocked. Africa is going to be big for us moving forward in December and and next year as well. So yeah, I'm honestly so motivated. Not even just I mean the Dana stuff is good fun, you know, and definitely that makes you want to go to another level, but just really motivated for our fighters. I'm really motivated by the stable of fighters that we've got, not just at the top, but the ones coming through. Like I said before, there's always the debate who's got the strongest stable in the UK, Queensbury, Matum in America, top ranked Matum, PBC, Golden Boy, whatever, whatever it looks like. Look at the depth coming through on both sides of Atlantic, particularly in the UK. We have, in my opinion, the absolute lion share of the superstars coming through. And not everyone's going to go and make it, but they will all be given the path to walk and all they've got to do is walk down it, work hard, and and and be the fighter that we believe they are. You know, I say that about fighters like Pat Brown. truly believe that Pat Brown is going to be a guy that is going to be headlining Manchester Arena and the co-op for many many years to come in big world championship matchups. We got to go through the domestic scene first, but a lot of these guys are close to doing it. Dorton Smith, what a massive fight coming up against Subriel Matias in in New York on January 10th. We win that fight. We we're talking Sheffield Arena, Hillsborough, you know, Geronis. Let's get that Virgil Ortiz fight. Bam. Win on November 22nd. let's become undisputed. Andy Cruz, let's let's pick up that world lightweight title. So many more fighters, you know, around and AJ coming back as well. Obviously, Connor Ben coming up, Lewis Crocker's world champion there at 147. There is so much to do and I'm absolutely buzzing for it. &gt;&gt; Just finally, yeah, before I do let you go, I had a good catch up with meatball Molly McCann uh in Liverpool last week and I asked her a question as she's worked with both of you. I said it's a four rounder. Madison Square Garden Eddie Hearn versus Dana White. And I'm sorry, mate. She picked Dana for the win. &gt;&gt; What? In what respect? &gt;&gt; In a boxing match. &gt;&gt; Oh, right. What? Really? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Just wonder how you feel about that? &gt;&gt; I reckon I'd win at boxing, but I reckon he'd tear my arm off in MMA. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Apparently boxed at college is what she told me. &gt;&gt; Oh, shut up. Boxed at college. Talking about talking about Biller Ricky. Bill Ricky Bomber. Yeah, I did tell her about Eddie Hill. &gt;&gt; Eddie, four and0 Iceman. &gt;&gt; Yeah, she didn't know about Eddie Hills. &gt;&gt; My way off. &gt;&gt; And also, &gt;&gt; she don't know about Eddie Hill. &gt;&gt; She said that he was only a little bit smaller than you. So, I think she maybe got the She doesn't give me the range. You know, &gt;&gt; Dana's a little bit smaller than me. Don't be dafted. &gt;&gt; Listen, physically, I'm coming. I'm in the shape of my life. I'm ready. Bring on 2026. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Oh, sick, bro. Thanks very much, Eddie, for your time as always. And, uh, I'll catch you soon, mate. Well, the champion roll call continues here on Flash Knockdown. Another champ in the house this week, Hamza, the great Ueen Hamza, thanks so much for coming down. Wonderful to see you in the studio. And wonderful to see the hardware as well. I just think that what it's been just over a fortnight now since that night when you do look back to it, two belts on your shoulder, your first and second professional titles. How do you look back on it all now? What a night that was. &gt;&gt; Yeah, man. It's fully sunk in though. Um first first title fights then we got two two in one night only what was it my sixth fight so moving really quick man yeah debut felt like yesterday and now we're racking up belts but um few more belts that we need to need to get get a hold of and coming soon &gt;&gt; performance-wise where do you assess that one out of the the six &gt;&gt; that was good I think taking everything into consideration um opponent you know belts first 10 rounder I thought probably probably up there. Probably up there. I mean, the debut knockout was one [snorts] punch knockout. You can't really beat a one punch knockout, but this fight wasn't far off. I showed my variation, my speed, my skills. We got a little viral clips at the end. So, we got the people talking. So, I think as close to perfect as it could be. &gt;&gt; I must say I loved the bit in the interview at the end. I know you asked for the mic. Do you remember when we had this weird like you were like, "No, but it's rule number one." Hamza, you don't give up the mic. &gt;&gt; You got strong grip. Yeah. But that interview was [laughter] good, man. We got some good viewing, you know. I got a lot of stick for the &gt;&gt; You know what? What? Should I recreate it right now? &gt;&gt; Yeah, go on. &gt;&gt; Down the lens. This camera. Yeah, &gt;&gt; this one. All right, cool. I've got a message &gt;&gt; to British boxing, to world boxing. Boxing's next superstar has arrived. And his name is Hamza Udin. If you already know, you already know. But if you don't know, get to know cuz I'm taking over the world, baby. Watch out. &gt;&gt; Easy as that. Listen, note to all fighters. That's exactly how we do it. &gt;&gt; This is my match from social media team, bro. Just clip that. Boom. club me too as well so I get the views. Oh, easy. &gt;&gt; Um, in terms of that, let me let me just talk about that self-confidence, the charisma, the self-belief you have in and out of the ring. Talk to us about where that developed from. Is this something that has always been how you've operated? &gt;&gt; That's I think it's just it's just a part of me. Um, I've had people doubt me for when I was younger. Even when I was a little kid or even when I was a little kid, when I walked into the gym for the first time, I was always I had my hands down my hips sticking my tongue out like a cheeky little kid. People were telling me, "Oh, you're like Prince Naz." I'm like, "Dad, who's this Prince Nazi?" They keep comparing me, taking the mick out of me. He said, "No, he's good." I've just always been like that, you know? I don't know what it is about me, but I think people doubting me and I don't know, it just fuels me. So, I just love it more. Like, I'm a proper like wind up motion. So, when people don't like it, like I do it more. So, it's just a part of me. It's just who I am. &gt;&gt; Stylistically though, how how much of an inspiration was Naz for you the more you became familiar with him or you're saying this is something you had before you? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Less than less than you'd imagine. This is like naturally me. This is a part of me. I've said it before. If you if you have this style and you're trying to copy someone, you are going to get hurt. You're going to get knocked out. You cannot play with this style. You've got to have it naturally. The natural reflexes, the natural speed. You have to have it naturally or else you're finished. But obviously, don't get me wrong, I've sold a couple of his moves. Maybe a couple of his dance moves as well. Yeah, you have to. You have to. I studed the game a lot. I studed a lot of different moves, but Naz was a big inspiration, but I'm looking to um even get a bigger create a bigger legacy than Naz. When you think about I I guess look you're always going to face criticism in this game especially when you're a young man doing things your way a bit showboating you know you look at even the likes of Ben Whitaker as well he's a fighter who's faced a lot of criticism in the ring and almost it's a bit sad isn't it sometimes I think people will these types of fighters to get beat because of how they are in the ring how does that feedback make you feel at times &gt;&gt; I'm used to it from a young age I've had it since I was 9 10 years old I had viral clips of me doing the exact same thing I'm doing now um apart A lot of me couldn't care less cuz they're not like if my dad for example told me that you perform bad m I'd be up 3:00 a.m. 4:00 a.m. in the morning thinking about it. But people that are on social media that don't mean too much to me. I don't take it to heart but at the same time I like it because any publicity is good publicity. People are talking about it. They're sharing it saying this kid's rubbish or this kid's going to get knocked out. It's all good for me. It's all about building my name. I think um boxers lack that in this day and age sometimes, that personality, that bit of that fear to to to almost have criticism. They want to be perfect. They want to seem perfect in the way they box and in the way they talk. And it's good. Of course, I I like to keep respectful. Sometimes I can come across a bit disrespectful and arrogant, which I don't mean to, but it it comes out. But I think it's important to show who you are and what not minding about what other people think cuz if anything, that's what gets more views. That's what works works better for me. Do you think um when you think about the journey, let's just actually talk about that just briefly because I know your your dad's a big part of of everything behind the scenes and and in the corner as well. Where did the boxing journey begin for Hamzer and why boxing? &gt;&gt; Um it's just well my dad was a kickboxer and boxer back in his day. He done he done loads. He was like he was supposed to be what I am now like the first British Bangladeshi person to do something in combat sports. We've killed the restaurant trade. We've killed it with w with with with the big dogs. terms of like boxing, kickboxing, combat sports, no nothing. Well, my dad was supposed to be the first one. Unfortunately, he couldn't do it. He got a back injury because he was doing splits and back flips and all this mad stuff that I can't do. That's the reason I didn't kickbox. I could have kickboxed. My dad wanted me to do kickboxing rather than boxing. But I can't touch my toes. I'm too stiff. I use these to I've only got these. But yeah, that's how it start. That's how I actually knew about boxing. And I was like a proper daddy's boy. So, I'd always be watching the boxing late night 4:00 a.m. 5:00 a.m. just watching the boxing even though I don't have a clue. Just always watching the boxing. and then just started to love it more, love it more. And then I'd beg my dad, "Oh, let me go to the gym." He says, "No, cuz obviously what he went through, he said, no, he ain't going." But then eventually he started saying, "Okay, I'll take you next week, next week." He said, "Next week for about a year." And then eventually took me to the gym. And I think when when when he saw the the raw talent that I have, like he could see like ching, like this is the kid that's going to make me a millionaire. So we just we just built from there. Built from there, and here we are. &gt;&gt; Uh do want to talk just quickly as well about the last fight. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Hand injury. What what is the situation? &gt;&gt; Uh yeah, so I've had this for like good part of a year now. So I've been basically what you've been seeing is Hams ordering at like 50%. Onehanded and to be performing at that level like that with one hand. I don't want to say it. I'll let the viewers say it, but I think that says a bit about me. Um and that's probably why I'm showing a bit so they don't see a bad hand. But yeah, that's the level. You know, I'm boxing really well with one hand, but I think for now we need to um yeah, we need to do something about this hand. either a long rest or maybe getting it fixed. But we'll see whatever the team says is best for me is best for me. But in my next fight, you'll see Hamz doing with two ons. &gt;&gt; I guess when you when you have an injury like that, I mean, it's not worth I'm assuming going through the pain barrier and causing longer damage. Is that sort of how you're seeing it? &gt;&gt; Yeah, of course. I'm 22 years old, you know. Um, it's not ideal, but at the same time, I'd rather get I'd rather get it sorted now. I don't want to be messing about when I'm fighting for world titles. when I fight for World Towers, I want to be in the in the gym all year round. No messing about. So, if I was to get fixed or if I was to take a bit of time out, I'd rather do it now while I'm young. I've got a bit of time, you know, got a bit of silverware to defend now. So, I'm not chasing so much now. People are chasing me, which is I'm getting quite a few call outs actually. Um, so yeah, like I said, my next fight you'll see with two hands, and Hamzo with two hands is going to be scary. &gt;&gt; We spoke to Eddie Hearn a little bit earlier on in the program and we said, "Look, what's next for Hamza? Have you got a little little line you can give us that that might make him smile when he said look he thinks you're ready for the British title now he expects that fight to be ordered between yourself and Harvey Horn for the vacant British title. What do you think of that as a potential matchup? &gt;&gt; I said it from my debut. I think in terms of skill, terms of power, in terms of speed, I'm ready for even the world champions now. But obviously I know boxing is not a game, you know, it's a serious sport. There's there's obviously a process to follow. There's fights that we need to have, the experiences that we need to have that we haven't had yet. Uh but yeah, in terms of that raw talent, that raw speed, power, skills, I'm ready for everyone, you know, and and for that British title with who Harvey Horn, no problem. I'm ready. You know me. You know me. I don't like confidence. I know exactly how good I am. I know what we do in the gym. Dad has confidence in me. All the coaching team has confidence in me. And listen, I believe I'll be anyone. I know how good they am. So when that time comes, absolutely. I need to headline somewhere local as well. When you have big dreams to be a world champion, you look at the other names particularly domestically at world level in this division. Galo Yafi big fight down the line potentially. &gt;&gt; Yeah, of course. You know, he's he's from Birmingham. I'm from Warsaw. That'll be a big fight down the line if it ever happens. You know, all depending what Gal does and what I do and yeah, like I said to you few a couple of minutes ago, you know, whoever the team put me in with, I'm absolutely 100% confident I beat them. But we'll see what the future holds. I mean, Sunny's just retired too, unfortunately. But, you know, that would have been a nice fight, too, maybe. But, &gt;&gt; well, listen, he's just had surgery as well, so who knows? &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. I seen that. Yeah, I seen that. Someone Someone sent it to me that he had surgery on his hand. So, if he's coming back, that'd be amazing. If he comes back out of retirement, um, I'm sure we'd have fun in the press conferences. I'm sure we'd have more fun in the ring, too. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, you actually went back and forth once at a press conference, didn't you? I seem to remember. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we did. Yeah. That was random. That was random. Out of nowhere, just talking about how good they are and like I always do. And um Sunny wasn't too happy about it, but you know me, I'm I'm I'm up for beef all the time. So I'm up for beef all the time. So if Sunny was going to say something to me, I wasn't going to stay quiet. So it's good fun actually. Yeah, &gt;&gt; it must be so exciting for you to have not just have this ambition, but have the ability from what we've seen through six fights, have the backing of Sam Jones, have the backing of Eddie Hearn on the platform of the zone. I mean, it must make you smile when you think about what is there. It's up to you now to go and deliver. &gt;&gt; Oh, of course. Of course. The potential is so big. There's so many avenues, so many different things we can do. And I'm blessed to be so good at boxing. I can talk a good game, too. So, God's blessed me with a lot. And of course, I've been blessed with an amazing team, you know, in every in every way, whether that's boxing, whether it's marketing, whether it's I'm so blessed and that's that's what pushes me in training. That's why I train harder than anyone you could you could you could think of because I'm so blessed and I know that God gives blessings, but he can take him take him away in a second. So, I know that I have to be switched on. Can't you know, I've got to back up everything I say cuz I do say a lot. So, I train very hard. I put my heart and soul into this. You know, I don't I've never drank. Never smoked, never had a fizzy drink in my life. These these sacrifices will pay off. &gt;&gt; Just finally before we let you go, I I ask a lot of the young fighters this question who come in the studio about, you know, if you're watching this back in a few years time, but at this minute, what is the dream and where does this story go? What do you think would be your answer? &gt;&gt; That's hard to say, man. There can be so much. I don't want to understand myself because I might I might I might I might look back on this on two years and be an absolute mega star. So, I don't know. I don't know. But the the future is exciting. There's so much that can happen. So much just my mind's doing back flips thinking about it. It's going to be big. But as long as I make my parents proud, the people that support me proud, everything will come. Everything will just flow nicely. It'll all come. But in a couple of years, God willing, I'll be the the superstar of the sport. Not the next one. The superstar boxing. &gt;&gt; Well, I must admit I think I'm as excited as you are to be honest. &gt;&gt; You should be. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; you should be. &gt;&gt; I am. &gt;&gt; Exciting times. &gt;&gt; Top man Hamza, thanks so much for coming down. Rest up and a big 2026 incoming. &gt;&gt; Indeed. &gt;&gt; Hamzin. What a legend. Well, ahead of her ring return on November the 29th in Birmingham. I caught up with now 1 and0 1 KO professional boxer Meatball Molly Bean. We had a lovely little chat actually in the stands at the Hill Dickinson Stadium, home of her beloved Everton. And she had a little chat and opinion on who she might win a boxing match between two men who have promoted her in her career, Dana White and Eddie Hearn. Here's what she had to say. &gt;&gt; I think a lot of fighters could learn some stuff from you to be honest. &gt;&gt; I could probably learn a lot from some fighters as well. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Do you think lead with your face? &gt;&gt; You see the way you've invested your money and you've got these businesses behind you. Is that a message to to fighters you think in some ways? So, do you know what? I think fighters spend the money on the flash things. I think I was like giving them. I was dead lucky like asking Drake for a watch and that don't so I didn't have to like waste me money on that kind of stuff. But people aren't taught how to be smart with the money. And I even remember Tony Belle and Brian Peters like Katy Taylor's manager was like get in, get as much money and be smart with it, don't blow it. And if we're real in life, like women don't always get the same opportunities in sport or in terms of like sponsorship and commercialization. And I know someone who speaks like me and operates like me probably wasn't going to get that. So I had to be smart with what I got. And it's not life change. Well, it is life-changing for me and for people where I'm from, but it's not like multi-millionaire stuff, but I'm comfortable and I'm secure and I'm proud of how I've managed to do it. I've never like lost me integrity. I've never sold out for a bit of money. &gt;&gt; Second professional fight date locked in November 29th &gt;&gt; in Birmingham. Ebony Cotton. She's had a bit to say, isn't she on uh socials? &gt;&gt; I'm sure she started already. Um &gt;&gt; what do you make of that? I was young once. I had the wheels at my feet and I thought I was the dog's bollocks and I got destroyed in Madison Square Garden, not some humble pie and learn to go again. And I think until you've been humbled or being given it, you think you are the best. So you probably will speak like that. And um I think I've just grown up a little bit. So I'd try not to engage as much into it as like what I used to or catch me in the pub a few Guinness deep would probably be a completely different convers yeah it' be a completely different conversation but look &gt;&gt; she didn't want me debut fight but when I won she's asked for this one so she's aware I'm aware as to why and what that does for her stock but um she's telling the world that boxing's her game we'll see on the night we &gt;&gt; How do you think you beta. &gt;&gt; I think I'm absolutely going to school with me boxing and that's all I need to do. Like can't wait. I like I am free in that ring. Like I'm in there. Nothing else on this earth matters and I get to express myself. That's all I want to do is express express myself. Like I said to you why I took a pay cutter box. I could have you could have gone and done something else like the influencer [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] or bare knuckle and got a lot more. But my purpose is to win a world title, respect the sport that I started in and to give back. So I don't need to be like losing sleep or getting annoyed by someone who's just trying to gain notoriety through fighting me. So she can do all the post or the interviews, all the mad psycho stuff she needs to do in her head for her to feel like she's going to beat me. That's sick kid. I'll see you in there on on November 29th and we'll see whose whose sport this is. &gt;&gt; You're going to have a lot of eyes on you as you move forward just because of the profile you had when you moved into boxing. But in and around 118 pound bantamweight, 122, super bantamweight, you know, Sky Nicholson, Ellie Scottney, Ebony Bridges, you know, she coming back seems that way. All names that potentially interested. You're actually quite good friends with Sky, aren't you? To be fair. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm good friends with Sky. I respect Ellie for what she does. Ebony is just a bit me. I like I wouldn't mind having a go. Like I think there's a good story there for similar age. She's had belts. Um I'd actually fight anyone in the word that was given to me. But I always thought like she's a big leads fan. Ebony know what I mean? And when I seen her on she was like I think she thinks she could beat me. So I wouldn't mind like having a having a knock with her. &gt;&gt; Um &gt;&gt; that' be a big fight then. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I I reckon so I think she's got she's got Paul. She's got a good name. She's got heart and she hits hard. You don't know what I mean? Um I respect everyone who gets in there. Well, respects ain't in there, but when they've done she's like people could speak belittle her because of how she's come up, but she's been smart and everything that she's done and she's been a good business woman, but she's a mouth as well, isn't she? So, I'm sure me and will get into absolute mades. Do you imagine me and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] down in front of you to go when I do your day? &gt;&gt; Imagine the face off. Yeah. And the press conference would be amazing. &gt;&gt; I know. &gt;&gt; Here's another question for you. Bit of a rogue one. &gt;&gt; Let's picture the scene, right? Four rounder. &gt;&gt; Madison Square Garden. It'll make sense in a minute. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Four rounds. Madison Square Garden. In the red corner from Brentwood, Essex, Eddie Hearn. And in the blue corner from Boston, United States, Dana White. Four rounds. Ding ding. Who wins? &gt;&gt; Dana can box, but I just feel like Eddie would just be like, "Fuck it. Get me a load of one to ones every day." You know what he's like? He's got his whoop now. He does his running. He eats well. Um I think Eddie would stick in there, but I think um I don't know. I don't know if Dana's got too much experience for him. &gt;&gt; How many fights has D had boxing wise? Don't know how many he's had, but he at college when he was younger, he used to box and he like I've seen him spar. Have you seen the footage of him sparring? Like pretty handy. &gt;&gt; He's handy. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Eddie had a couple of amateur fights, I think. &gt;&gt; Did he? &gt;&gt; Yeah. But that's why he changed his name. Or Barry changed his name to Eddie Hills &gt;&gt; cuz he didn't want him to get beaten up, but Eddie was gutted when they introduced him as Eddie Hills. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Well, if you look at Edd's shape, you'd think he's long. He'd keep a Dana on the end of his jab. &gt;&gt; What height is Dana? I think I think he's like that much smaller than Eddie. There's a picture. I'll send it. There's like me in the middle. So Eddie was in um came to Vegas. I was fighting and Conorben was fighting in Vegas and Eddie's coming and he's like I'll just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] speak about you to him. And um sorry Eddie for that really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [laughter] Like &gt;&gt; what was that? &gt;&gt; That was me Brentwood accent. And then Dana was just like, "Oh, it's nice to see you man." And um I said Dana I I said can I picture with you both? And he went yeah. I said your current boss and me future boss. And I just like Eddie was like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] off. Do you know what I mean? But I I said because I manifested I'd always box for him. So it's mad to see where they're going cuz I'm the only person who's been promoted by both. Do you know what I mean? So I go Eddie Dana was better than that to me. &gt;&gt; Was he? Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; He got the chips, haven't you? &gt;&gt; Maybe it's your fault. the fallout &gt;&gt; probably heavy was my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] fault was. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Well, very happy to say we have another champion joining us in the Flash Knockdown studio here this afternoon. English cruiserweight champion Mr. John Hedges in house. John, how are you, mate? Good to see you. &gt;&gt; Very well, Jamie. Sounds good. That English cruiser mean Yeah, I'll take that. &gt;&gt; Used to it or it's still sinking in. Do you know what I mean? Yeah, definitely. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, look, what I find mental, John, is I often go back to this. I remember the day we announced you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I think it might have been like Christmasy time. Was it near Christmas? &gt;&gt; Uh, January, October, maybe. &gt;&gt; Forget that. Then there wasn't. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Uh, but I remember I remember the day we were doing it and I remember the little promo video you sent over and you're like, John Edges, I'm 18y old middleweight, right? Full of the charisma under chat. &gt;&gt; Sam Jones influence on it. &gt;&gt; I was like, how on earth is this guy making super middleweight even at that age? And like now you're sitting here, what you now 23. &gt;&gt; 23 &gt;&gt; and you're a fullyfledged cruiserweight. Is it mad to think how much your body's changed in that? massively. Jamie, I think I actually made championship weight. So I weighed Yeah, I made 168 on me debut, which was Yeah, I hardly I know I I die hard now, but the things what I was doing back then just to keep myself out middle cuz I thought I was so young. Got to be big at the weight. If you're not big at the weight, you're going to get beat by these men and D and then uh yeah, make crazy. I think look, I didn't ever make I don't think I ever made light heavy. I moved up to light heavy, but always made catchweight and by the time we got to obviously title level, went straight to cruiser. So yeah, it's mental &gt;&gt; that debut. I mean, when you look back now, that's probably one of the hardest fights of your career, would you say? &gt;&gt; Million%. Um, we there was a stat put up on me, uh, no context boxing or something brought it out and I've lost five rounds since since being a professional and two of them rounds I've lost was from me debut. So yes, it's crazy. Like I've I've lost a handful of rounds within 11 fights, you know what I mean? So it's a it's a good statistic to have. But mate, I remember after that debut, I thought if this is what pro game is about, I don't fancy too much of this, mate. [laughter] handful, a massive handful. And I remember cuz it was co I just had to take what whatever come to me. But I was like, mate, I'm saying to Sam Jones, me manager at the time, I was like, Sam, I have sparred Robbie Chapman 120 rounds for this camp. Long as it's an orthodox, I'll fight anyone. John, we've got Yan Arden. I was like, no, he's a self. I was like, I have literally only been able to spar one person because of COVID. I need it to be an orthodox. Don't care who. And it was just Yeah. Day before I think. Yeah, day before I found out I was fighting him. I was just like, it is what it is now. I just got boxed. You know what I mean? We didn't really co was mad, wasn't it? Uncertain time. &gt;&gt; I think the whole was that Milton Kees that one. &gt;&gt; Milton Kes MK Stadium, mate. Crazy. &gt;&gt; Bizarre, wasn't it? &gt;&gt; Yeah. I'm absolutely mad. &gt;&gt; And uh I do you know what even one of them I'm doing me you know like when we used to like obviously you train during being in the bubble but you couldn't come outside the bubble. Actually that Yanard was training in the room next door so I could hear everything and I'm thinking I can hear him in the pads. This Gizo is meant to be having 12 hours notice. Sounded sharp. Do you know what I mean? He was on job on weight. &gt;&gt; They made it hard for you, didn't they? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Didn't they just I was like, he's got to be in the gym, Sam. I said because he's making 168 easy. Do you know what I mean? It's not like he's had the one day notice and he's had to lose loads of weight. He's not even in a sweater. He's in a pair of shorts. Um, but yeah, you know what? It probably made me cuz I took so much abuse online after that and then sweet. From there, everything was easy then, was it? Before we talk about the the next fight, John, obviously so so sorry to hear about Ricky and I know you two were very close mates and obviously he'd been &gt;&gt; training you and was it just when you actually started working with Ricky? It was about a month out was it from the fight and you gave him a ring and he he brought you in. Is that how it all happened? &gt;&gt; Yeah, mad story really. So yeah, obviously I was I was training in Rainom with uh Mark Tibs at the time. We've been with Mark since the start basically. And then yeah, just ma madness happened in the gym. One minute I'm going to Future Ventura to finish me training camp with Johnny Fisher and then the next minute I'm not allowed on the training camp. And as brutal as it it sounds, Jamie, that was literally it on packing me bags on the Friday. I'm meant to be flying on the Tuesday instead of flying the future in I end up packing me bags and going to Manchester. So it was just a mad Yeah. mad 48 72 hours. But kind of like my management's on the phone. John, you might have to pull out of this fight. You've only got four weeks. Your English title fight. All I know is that that ain't in my DNA, mate. Like, not not in a big fighting man way, but there's no way I'm pulling out of fights with I'm very blessed to be on the TV under Matt Troom. I'm not going to turn a fight down unless I'm injured and got to do. Do you know what I mean? So, yeah, I literally So, mad story was me and Rick was actually in Spain 3 months before after my southern area fight. Mad thing. Bumped into each other. always knew Ricky through the boxing circuit, but he was like, Ricky's over there. What's going on? And started talking, hey, John, this and that. He was like, if you ever need a favor, don't get me wrong, we all had a few bevs and that, but if you ever need a favor, you know where I'm at. He said, I've always liked you. And he done this mad Sky Sports thing where they told him I was only like 16 or no, 17. I just turned pro. Um, and they said to Ricky, "Pick three prospects who you think will be world champions." And this was me. I don't even I didn't even know Ricky knew my name and he picked me, Bradley Ray, and his boy Campbell. And I was like, he had to choose Brad because he was in the gym. He had to choose Campbell because he was son, but he's actually thought about me. Do you know what I mean? Um, so yeah, it was a mad buzz. And obviously stay close with Rick since that interview. And then bumped into him in Spain and uh do you know what it was just like I sat there and I was like, who do I go to? Like as much as there is loads of gyms around me, there's a lot of gyms with other fighters in who I could potentially be boxing, don't want to be in there and upsetting the uppercut and things like that. So I was like, "Right, just got to think." And I was like, "Dad, do you know what? Imagine Ricky Antonia." I said, "What an opportunity that is." And just like, "Is it doable?" I was like, "Well, look, he always said, "Ring him up and if you ever need him up." So I just literally didn't even think, just bailed his number, didn't expect him to answer. He did. I was like, "Rick, I'm going to I'm going to put a load of words at you now. just say yes, say no or think about it, do whatever you want. And he went, "You better get your ass down there. See you tomorrow." And that was literally it. He put his life on hold. He had holidays booked. He had Yeah. He lives a m Well, he he lived a mad life, Ricky. And he put everything on hold to get me training. And I just thought, mate, what a gentleman. It was just Yeah. Yeah. made made me a career. Learned so much in Manchester. And even down to I I put this on a post not longo. You would Ricky knew I was standing on my own. So he would literally train me in the morning with all the other boys and then bail me and say, "I need you to come back in tonight. We need to talk about tactics." But when I deep down look at it now, don't even think it was. I think he just thought I was on my own. Do you know what I mean? He had a heart heart of gold, mate. And uh yeah. Yeah. A lot of it will stay with me forever. &gt;&gt; What made your friendship special, do you think? &gt;&gt; Uh realness. Just real Jamie. Do you know like there was no He would tell you what he thought and it there's no like uh hidden agenda. There's no like like I know I know financially he was very secure but money never come to Ricky's mind with me. He didn't want to know what I was earning. I I tried paying him for me fight. He would not take a pound off me. He said because like I'm not at a position where he said hold on a minute. I tried paying him. He's like look John you're renting a apartment what you don't want to be living in in Manchester because you've been given no choice. He said I'm not going to take money off you mate. I just like just certain things. It was like weren't even a question. you go out like it you go out for a coffee and you think right you got to talk about boxing they just take you out as a mate do you know like there was just a certain way what he had and I just thought it it shone through and I think you see from the funeral and everything how everyone thought about him he was such a great character and yeah very highly respected. &gt;&gt; How do you think Jonice um impacted your motivation to get everything you can out of this sport? &gt;&gt; Yeah, massively. Look the I was in the gym with Rick 24 48 hours before he passed away. Do you know what I mean? So, it's like if it how how good he was and how quick life changed for him, his family overnight. That just for me, he's always I've always been 100% committed to boxing because I think it's so such a small journey. If you don't give it everything now, you're only going to live to regret it. But it just shows you even more. Do you know what? Put your foot down, chin down. He used to say, chin down, chest up. Do you know what I mean? And just go for it, mate. And ultimately, I've always said there's no pressure on me now. Won an English title. I think after my debut, as we're saying, Jamie, no one thought I'd win another fight. So, do you know what I mean? Let's let's just I said to Eddie, said it to him in the ring after me last fight, give me some big fights now because I've I've earned me stripes. I've done exactly as I've asked. Now, let's see how good I can be. And yeah, it's all going to be uh all going to be announced soon. &gt;&gt; Well, by the time this goes out, it would have been announced. &gt;&gt; All right. Happy days. &gt;&gt; December 17th for a cold Wednesday night at the Indigo English title. Ellis Zoro. How does that sound, &gt;&gt; mate? It's great, isn't it? Do you know what I mean? Ellis is a Ellis is a name that I need to be beaten, but he's a name. Like, he's fought up a tie. Ellis's career, if you look at what he's done, is basically what I'm sitting here saying, I want to do, but I want to be on the the correct end of it. I want to be the winner. I want to be pushing on for these big titles. He fought for the British. He got beat. I want to win. He fought Oppetire. Great payday in S Saudi Arabia. It's exactly what I want. That's what all us young fighters want. Do you know what I mean? So I think by putting on a statement like Oatayire did and and doing a proper job on someone like Ellis, it just shows that yeah, I'm amongst the mix of the best cruiserweights in in Britain and the world, but now take me serious. Do you know what I mean? And um like I say, he boxed the Loys just recently and Les was compared to me getting a lot more praise and things like this. I thought Ellis could have beat him and I I just think now I go and put a showstopping performance on that puts me should do in front of them boys there and um that's that's what I want. I want to just like I say I want to be in big fights and and this could be the start of them all. &gt;&gt; What is the training situation for you now? &gt;&gt; Right. So at at the moment we've obviously with everything that happened there was a few chats and there a few gyms I wanted to look at and things like this but ultimately spoke to Eddie this fight was getting locked in and there was not a chance I was pulling out of this fight. There's my pardon me. I was getting ready for October 17th and I was fighting Zoro as well. So I know he was aware of it. So he was been getting ready the exact same amount of time. Um I think if we look back at this, we've probably had a 3 month training camp for each other. Do you know what I mean? So it's uh it's been a good much a good bit of time. But yeah, I don't need didn't need no extension for a fight. Let's like this date suits me. I'm in very good shape. Probably the best shape I've been in in my career. Do you know what I mean? Which I'm going to need to be cuz I know Ellis is a good fighter. Um, I've now moved back to Essics, back living at home, back with me family around me. So, that definitely helps. You know what I mean? It's definitely uh, as much as I didn't mind being away, it's nice to be home in it. You know what I mean? And I'm training with Frank Greavves now in um, keep saying it wrong. Selfuk, is that right? Self selfwalk can it on paper. &gt;&gt; Oh, Soduk. &gt;&gt; Savuk. Suk. [laughter] There I told you. Can't say it right. I've been saying it to everyone as well. Like, do you know what I mean? &gt;&gt; Suk. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Suk. Yeah, that's where I'm at now. So, yeah. Yeah, &gt;&gt; I prefer your version, mate. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it sounds better, doesn't it? Yeah, you say how you want to say &gt;&gt; cuz the way I say it like that suffuk it could be took as suffuk I mean &gt;&gt; selfwalk you know where it's at [laughter] &gt;&gt; but you two jelling nicely &gt;&gt; yeah mate he's uh I've known Frank a long time so um yeah I haven't even announced it so this the first time it'll be going out but yeah me and Frank get on well technically Frank's great um I believe he knows Ellis inside out so that's the sort of person I need around me to beat him &gt;&gt; right I know you're fully focused on Elliso rightfully so biggest fight your career so far. However, I'm going to give you some names. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Just want to tell me how you feel about potential matchups and how they would go. You ready? &gt;&gt; Oh, let's have it. &gt;&gt; Chev Clark. &gt;&gt; Beat him. &gt;&gt; I think Chev's a very good fighter. Um, it's probably the best time to be fighting someone like Chev now because when he first signed a match him, I feel like he was a bit more younger, a bit more fresher. Um, but nothing taken away from Chev. I actually really get on well with him. Good mate, sparred a lot. Um, but yeah, ultimately I'm I'm in that mix now. I need to be beating people like Chev. &gt;&gt; British champion Vidal Riley. &gt;&gt; A fight I'd love. I said to Eddie, if I could have that now, that would be the one I wanted. Um, I think stylistically, I'm Vidal's nightmare. Uh, I don't think these big puffed up cruiserweights, big strong men who are only 6' tall Videl any problem. Um, but I do think a 6'6 Southport does. And like I say, boxing's um, it's all about styles. You could you could knock out a world champion then get beat by a southern area just because you can't adapt to that soul. Do do you know what I mean? So I just think me and Videll would probably stink a venue out and I'm not going to say it's going to sell sell great. Do you know what I mean? I'll [laughter] be completely honest with you because we're both boxers, aren't we? Do you know what I mean? We both like to box on the back foot. But having said that, you're never beating me at range like and I don't mean that arrogantly or cocky. It's just it's science and it's 6'6 versus six foot. You know what I mean? &gt;&gt; Pat Brown. &gt;&gt; Pat Brown. I think Pat's one of the better cruiserweights in the division. Definitely. Um, we've not really seen him tested yet. I feel like everyone he's fought he's done the job on as he as he should have done it. Do you know what I mean? Um, but yeah, definitely I think Pat's one of the better fighters and if it if P one day, we'll definitely get it on, won't we? Cuz he's by what I hear from his stable, they're good proper fighting people, do you know what I mean? They'll fight anyone. So yeah, I think I'm slightly ahead of him at the moment obviously, but mate, the pace he's going out fair play to him probably cross pass. &gt;&gt; And just finally, December 17th, Elliso. &gt;&gt; Elliso. I've got to be beating him before any of them other names mentioned. So, can't be sitting here saying I'm going to beat them others if I can't get through him. Um, all eyes on Zoro. It's, do you know what it is for me? Like, he's had some great wins. He beat obviously Jose Burton and people like this, but I just think, like I say, styles make fights. I'm a 6'6 Southpaw. Don't matter how much Ellis wants to tell people, he is all right with Southpaws. Do you know what I mean? We know he struggles from the past. And and ultimately, that's what I've got to go do to him now. And I I I do say this, it's a win at all cost, but I need to be putting on a performance that people remember. &gt;&gt; John, I will just say before we go to the the quiz, I think you have a wonderful mindset, um a great outlook on life for such a young man, and I have no doubt. So Ricky will be with you every step of the way, mate. And I know you know that as well. &gt;&gt; Yeah, 100%. Look, and I don't ever try and take things away from boxing, but ultimately boxing's gave me a good life. Do you know what I mean? So I yeah I see some people talking oh if I don't do this and I don't do that you're in a fight. Do you know what I mean? Like and and I I definitely mean what I say about you can fight a world champion and beat him on one day and the next day get beat by a novice. It's on the day in it. It's who turns up. It's who wants it more. You're two big men swinging at each other. But one thing I will say I've got no regrets in boxing. I will fight absolutely anyone and I bat myself every time. &gt;&gt; John, you're a top man. Do not miss John Hedges the gentleman. And that is a a I would say a pretty much 100% accurate representation of of the man in the studio today against Edoro. Part of a big night of boxing action from the Indigo at the O2 December 17th live on design. We do now go to the ninth installment of the greatest quiz in boxing face to face to face to face. Yes. Welcome back to the greatest quiz in the history of boxing. Face to face to face to face. Episode number nine. We've drafted in the big guns English cruiserweight champion John Hedges. But John, you look at the leaderboard there. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Listen, you've achieved a lot already. 23 years of age, couple of professional titles. Put Takeley Essex &gt;&gt; on the map. &gt;&gt; On the map big time. But if you can slip in front of Jimmy Sains, George O Vizio, and Johnny Fisher, how will this feel for you, do you think? &gt;&gt; I think this will be the top of it. This is me world title, Jamie, today. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Yeah, this is it, mate. Is it? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Got to look. I've got to be I've got to get four, I think. Got to leave Leo in the dust a little bit. [laughter] &gt;&gt; If I can't get four. &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's not It's not looking good, is it? Well, listen John, I'm going to hand over to producer Scott who's just going to go over some of the rules for those who haven't seen how this quiz works. &gt;&gt; Thanks Jamie. John, I'm not going to lie. This is a tough one this week. As our viewers will know, it's autogenerated. So, we've not fixed the face in any way, shape, or form. &gt;&gt; So, I haven't been stitched up here. &gt;&gt; Not at all. No. Um, you can still get eight points. Still up for grabs for top spot. This is for charity. So, if you are at the top at the end of the series, y &gt;&gt; you do get a a payout to your chosen charity. A couple of ground rules. So, it's two points per section of the face. Yep. on Jamie's iPad. We're going to bring up on screen about now the face. Jamie will pass that iPad to you. So, it's two points for each section. If you don't know the answer to any of them, you can ask for a clue. It might be good. It might be bad. &gt;&gt; Oh my. &gt;&gt; Where you starting off? [laughter] Oh, what is this all about? [laughter] &gt;&gt; Realization has hit the gentleman on set. &gt;&gt; See the the lips? They definitely look um I don't want to say right &gt;&gt; the eyes. &gt;&gt; The eyes I know I've got the eyes I think. Well saying that I might not. The the nose is putting me right off. That's what I can't The nose is Did you tell the people that this was a really old one? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. When it when it come out when our graphic designer sent it over this morning, I did think John's in for it. So I'm not going to lie. It's probably &gt;&gt; I favor myself at quizzes as well. So &gt;&gt; it's probably the toughest one. &gt;&gt; Who do you think the eyes are? &gt;&gt; CBS. Chris Ben. &gt;&gt; Two points. Your &gt;&gt; question for you. &gt;&gt; Who is a bigger gentleman than you or Chris Ben Smith? &gt;&gt; Oh, he's a nice man, isn't he? &gt;&gt; He is. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. He's a nice man. &gt;&gt; No. Do you know what I think? Look, I'm I'm equally a nice man. So, yeah. Together there there's not there's no one better, no one worse. We are &gt;&gt; a pair of pair of gentlemen. Yes. Exactly. [laughter] We're a pair of gentlemen who don't know why we're fighters really. &gt;&gt; And also, you're now paired up with Leo Attang at the bottom of the leaderboard. So, at least you're on the leader board, &gt;&gt; right? I'm on there now. &gt;&gt; Hopefully, it's the only way up from here. Poor &gt;&gt; Leo was definitely easier [laughter] than this. &gt;&gt; I really want to go for a guess at the bottom. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. &gt;&gt; But &gt;&gt; you can have a clue if you don't know. &gt;&gt; That might help or it might not. &gt;&gt; The name I think of is is a prospect and I just don't think it is now. I'm looking at it again. Right. the lips. I'll have a clue. &gt;&gt; It's not a bad clue, actually. I'm back in the ring in Monaco on December the 6th. &gt;&gt; Do you know who's fighting in Monaco? &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; He's on that board. &gt;&gt; If you know, if you know he's fighting Pat McCormack, &gt;&gt; one point three. &gt;&gt; Well, I'm lucky I didn't guess. &gt;&gt; Oh, did you? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; If you get the next two right off the bat, you go to the top of the leaderboard. So, you're you're in play, &gt;&gt; right? like the tactics there. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Right. So, that's one back. &gt;&gt; Right. We got to go. Now, if we go to the top, look, &gt;&gt; you can zoom in a bit if you want. And like I &gt;&gt; tell you what, you [laughter] know, bloody &gt;&gt; Oh, I have a clue on the top. &gt;&gt; Okay. [laughter] I was born on the 21st of August, 2006. &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; so if you think of the age there, that may help. 2006. Well, I think I should have just guessed it cuz I think I know that is then &gt;&gt; 2006 tier eight &gt;&gt; correct one point. &gt;&gt; Should have guessed it. That's all. I swear to I should have said it. That's I thought. &gt;&gt; If you can get the last one right, you go to six points at the top. &gt;&gt; What year were you born then? &gt;&gt; 2002. &gt;&gt; I remember going to the Euro 2006 200. Yeah. Oh man, I'm old anyway. &gt;&gt; 97 I was. That sounds ancient. &gt;&gt; 97 all way back then. &gt;&gt; Try 87. [laughter] Unstats. &gt;&gt; Try 87. my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] granddad. &gt;&gt; So, how many points am I? &gt;&gt; You're on four. So, if you get this one right off the bat, you go to the top. If you don't, I mean, you could take a clue. &gt;&gt; Look, yeah, there's no way I'm getting this off the bat, I don't think. Uh, &gt;&gt; right. Yeah. Go on. I have a clue. Clue on the nose. &gt;&gt; So, if you do take &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'll be above when I take that. &gt;&gt; Okay. The clue is I used to train just down the road from this studio here in Finchley. Come on, John. &gt;&gt; Right. So, AJ used training finishing, didn't he? So, who used to be around him? [laughter] &gt;&gt; Oh, I love this quiz. &gt;&gt; Used to train just down the road, right? Ain't I thought it was him, was it? [laughter] &gt;&gt; Oh, dear. I know I should know this. This is shocking, mate. John, come on. &gt;&gt; I can tell you every coach in that gym [laughter] and all been down there thousands of times. That ain't Anthony Joshua, is it? &gt;&gt; Final answer. &gt;&gt; Can't be. &gt;&gt; He did train down the road. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he did train down. But that ain't him, is it? &gt;&gt; It's AJ. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Correct. &gt;&gt; How is that Anthony Joshua on there? &gt;&gt; So, you know what? I I will prove it. &gt;&gt; Oh my god. &gt;&gt; I actually messaged our graphic designer. I'm going to prove it to you. It is him. I messaged our graphic designer back this morning. I said, "Is that definitely AJ and Pat McCormack?" Haha. She says, "Yes, 100%." She then sent me the photo of AJ. &gt;&gt; It's the lighting, isn't it? &gt;&gt; That's the photo. And then also the McCormack one as well, just for reference. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Do you know what it was with the McCormack? We gave that away. That that backdrop. I didn't think it it was between him. I believe Taylor Beavenon was on that exact same card. I might be completely wrong, but I recognize the backdrop. But that that AJ one is just mad. Like &gt;&gt; I think it's the goatee sort of &gt;&gt; you know what I mean? You don't even expect AJ to have a beard like that, do you? Like &gt;&gt; I did find that thoroughly entertaining though. &gt;&gt; So John Hedges scored five. &gt;&gt; Could have got more points there. &gt;&gt; Well done, John. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you knew you knew the tier one, didn't you? &gt;&gt; Knew the tier one. I knew it was &gt;&gt; You moved to joint second, John. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'll take that all day. What amateurs them others are. Look, Julian Thompson, Pat McCormack, George M, Leo. &gt;&gt; That's it. Put me just just above George there. &gt;&gt; There we go. I it uh John top man. Thanks for coming on mate. Well played. &gt;&gt; Um if you ever see AJ &gt;&gt; Yeah. Be fair though AJ like really when you've said the names now that should have been quite easy shouldn't it cuz they're &gt;&gt; but the pictures profile but &gt;&gt; yeah man I knew that was &gt;&gt; best luck the rest of the camp mate. &gt;&gt; Yeah Jamie see you soon mate. Thanks for coming down pleasure man. &gt;&gt; Amari four pro fights now four opponents all with winning records. What does that say about you as a fighter compared to maybe some of the other fighters at this stage of their career? &gt;&gt; I feel like it just shows the belief that my team has in me, my coach and Eddie Hearn and Matroom, they put me to to be in this position and to test me early. My opponent on this fight right here, he's been a distance with all of his opponents 10 rounds, has a winning record, went into other people hometown, and gave them a tough fight, and I plan on being the first one to stop him. &gt;&gt; Doesn't seem 5 minutes since we first signed you. I think when we first came to see you in Orlando for that reveal shoot, it was quite a quite a big event, but we've seen a lot of you since then. Is this a sort of pace that you were quite keen to talk to about and this is the pace that you wanted to move at when you turned pro? &gt;&gt; Absolutely. If anything, we would want a little bit more fights and be a little bit more busy, but me and my team were happy with um the productivity that we've been getting and uh my fourth fight and it's in Orlando. Once again, I wouldn't have it any other way to end off my year. &gt;&gt; November 1st will close out the first calendar year for you as a professional fighter. How would you assess your transition from the amateur game to the program in that first year? &gt;&gt; I feel like I adapted pretty pretty well. Um, three fights, three knockouts. This is going to be my fourth fight. And I've been on pretty big stages. It was amazing to be have my debut here in Orlando. And then to go to Atlantic City on the Boots card right after that, and then to be on Bam Rodriguez card in Dallas was great. So, I'm I've been put in this position and I'm ready to shine. &gt;&gt; It's been quite a year, I think, when you put it like that to sandwich, you know, two great events with fighting at home in Orlando and then ending the year fighting Orlando as well. Many fighters dream of getting their homecoming, but you've done it twice in the calendar year. What does it mean to you to kind of have that chance to come back to Orlando and and show fans that have followed you through the Olympics and through the amateurs to give back, you know, to them? &gt;&gt; I feel like coming back to Orlando to fight again, it pretty much means everything to me. I'm able to put on for my family, my friends, supporters, people that has been supporting me and watching me from the beginning since that eight-year-old kid that's started boxing. So, I traveled and I fought overseas pretty much for the last three or four years. So, I didn't spend much time home. So that was pretty much a part of my decision too to turn professional um to be able to give back to my community and shine light on my city, Orlando, Florida, and bringing back big time boxing here. &gt;&gt; You do a lot of events in Orlando for the community. I know you just touched on it. You seem to you want to give back. You enjoy giving back to the community and giving back to kids especially, but you know, a big turnout for your community run at the start of this week. How important is it to not only give back to them but to bring them along for the journey as well and kind of have that experience to be with a pro fighter? &gt;&gt; I feel like uh Monday when we did uh my run event with my team and Omari Jones Foundation and Grow Run Club, it was a great event especially I mean it was raining that day and 100 plus people still came and showed out for me. So that just shows the the backing that I have in my community and for them to be uh with the professional boxer. They just look at me as like just the the kid that came up uh from Orlando and he just putting on for the city and a lot of people showed up once again and it it's probably more than the last time when we was here. &gt;&gt; I mentioned earlier four fighters now with four winning records. All winning records, sorry. Meet is the man in front of you this weekend. He's never been stopped before. Great way to close out the year, isn't it? &gt;&gt; Absolutely. Um, a tough opponent, durable opponent, and we plan on being the the first man to stop him. I feel like with my speed, my power, and and the stuff that me and my team have have worked on, um, with this time that we had since July, uh, we've been doing nothing but improving. So, you going to be in for a show. And not to overlook me on Saturday night, but if we win as you expect, what does 2026 look like in terms of the speed you're going at and the targets you want to hit? What does what does next year look like for you? &gt;&gt; Well, next year will still be pretty busy, I feel like. And I would love to get a fight overseas in the UK. That would be something special to me and my team to fight overseas since they didn't have they they didn't really have the chance to to come over overseas with me a lot of the times when I was traveling for the Olympics. So to make this trip next year um with them would be something special to us. &gt;&gt; When you map out the rest of your career and I'm sure you've got a timeline in your head that you visualize and you kind of you know speaking to Rich every day but in terms of when you like to be challenging for a world title or a date or a time that you've set for you you know for you to be world champion. When is that time for you? uh with talking with myself and my team, I feel like we just gonna take it one fight at a time and we gonna do everything according to uh God's timing. When God felt like it's time for us, I feel like the opportunity will present itself and we'll be ready for the moment. &gt;&gt; And obviously being the first world champion from the Paris Olympics, that would be something special. I guess that's quite a big target for you, isn't it, as well to be that first? Yeah, like I said, just um taking my time, fight by fight, and when that opportunity presents itself, we'll be ready to to go. &gt;&gt; Brilliant. All the best tomorrow. &gt;&gt; Thank you, &gt;&gt; Scott. Obviously, the natural place to start the weekend's action. Fabio Wardley beats Joseph Parker. Look, a result that not a lot of people saw coming. Eddie said it himself. You know, how many times are people going to consistently write off Fabio Wardley? What did you make of what you saw at the O2? &gt;&gt; Well, firstly, I must admit, I didn't watch it live. I watched the whole card, the undercard up until the uh the section where all the heavyweights are on stage and it just hit me. I'm just too old for it now, mate. I mean, he was pushing 11:00 at that point. So, I watched it the next day on his own YouTube. Um, like you say, Fab's just got a way of just finding it, finding it, finding it. He does it time and time again. &gt;&gt; I think we spoke about it, didn't we? He can be like it was in the Hon fight, you know, be way behind and &gt;&gt; find something out the fire. Crazy engine. &gt;&gt; What was the scorecards at that point? &gt;&gt; I'm not sure. &gt;&gt; No, I think Joe was ahead on all three, I think. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Um, &gt;&gt; you can't write him off. I mean, incredible to We was talking before off camera. You know, his story of of to to this moment is almost remarkable. You know, you could probably write a film about it to be fair. So, I'm just very very intrigued to see what happens next with with Usyk. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Is that the fight? &gt;&gt; Hopefully. &gt;&gt; He deserves it now, right? &gt;&gt; Amazing. Yeah. I mean, who who else is there really? We spoke last week about Joe Parker's been waiting around for this moment. He's now lost. So, &gt;&gt; got a feel for Joe a bit in the same breath. You know, I think he probably should have had the shot before that Wardley fight. Hindsight's a wonderful thing, isn't it? I just I think he just wanted to stay active. Yeah. &gt;&gt; You know, he didn't want to sit around and wait for what's happening with Boo, but &gt;&gt; heavyweight boxing for you. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Yeah. Did you have a good night though? &gt;&gt; As a fan, you know, on I guess, you know, having a few beers and enjoying myself. Uh great atmosphere actually. Solid numbers as well. I'm not sure what the attendance was, but from where I was sitting, it looked good. &gt;&gt; How many photos did you post with? &gt;&gt; A few, [laughter] actually. A few. Yeah. No, it's always fun, isn't it, when you I actually got asked by a couple of lads from Portsmouth. Then they were like, "Listen, make sure the next time you're on the podcast, you tell Eddie Hearn that you got a fan base in Portsmouth." So, cheers, lads. &gt;&gt; Thinking of Mikey Mickson then, first of all, &gt;&gt; Michael Mickson. Yeah. What a man. Don't know what he's up to these days. &gt;&gt; He beat our graphic designer, Adam Minsam, in a amateur bout. What a random story that is. What? &gt;&gt; He [laughter] So our graphic designer Adam matches &gt;&gt; I know he used to box a bit. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Mk. &gt;&gt; He boxed Michael Mickson. &gt;&gt; Mickson stopped him or he dropped him at least in the amateurs. Mad story. &gt;&gt; Adam's massive. &gt;&gt; I know. Yeah. &gt;&gt; What's What height is Adam? 6'3. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But this you probably like 15 20 years ago. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Shout out Mikey. I feel sorry for him as well. &gt;&gt; He's always and Adam he's always taking on every challenge. Mikey, but I actually saw him tweeting the other day that he just can't get a fight. &gt;&gt; He's in like the who needs him sort of club isn't it? &gt;&gt; It's sad, isn't it? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Jamie, don't take this the wrong way. I want to ask you something. &gt;&gt; You're going to talk about my beard, aren't you? &gt;&gt; Well, yeah. I've sort of been sitting over this side of the the set and and noticed it looks like it's I don't know, off, should we say? &gt;&gt; Well, yeah. Just before I left the house, bought a new uh brawn brown, is it? Brawn. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Shaver numbers one to 10 on it. I've gone seven just to take the edges off. Don't know what's happened there. Took [laughter] a big chunk out of it. It's bad. &gt;&gt; It's brand new and you didn't know the settings, basically. &gt;&gt; No, but it's bad, isn't it? Uh, it's not as bad as you think, but it's fairly noticeable for me to bring it up. I just wanted to just &gt;&gt; Well, I nearly I nearly went I was panicking a bit to be honest and I was like maybe I'll just shave my whole beard off and then it'll grow back. &gt;&gt; Wow. You've not done that in years. &gt;&gt; No, I look terrible and I'll be single. [laughter] But um No, it'll grow back. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, it's not that bad. &gt;&gt; I thought it was I thought it was bad at the time. I don't know how it's going to look actually on the &gt;&gt; Well, at least we dressed it now, you know, just &gt;&gt; Yeah, but this is going in at the end of the show, [laughter] so people through the whole show be slagging my beard off. Anyway, people are watching me. People want to hear us talk about the fight week on Saturday over in America. Interesting that Pat Brown makes his American debut on Murray Jones on the card as well. The the main event is an intriguing one. What a roll the dice moment, as Eddie was saying once again for Jordan Thompson. I mean, what a way to gate crash the heavyweight division that would be, wouldn't it? On on Saturday. &gt;&gt; I've got a we feeling. I'm not saying Jordan's going to win. I've got a feeling he's going to have a moment where he drops Pero or something. I don't know. Just got a weird feeling because it's so random this fight. Perro's obviously very um decorated in his own right, but just got a bizarre feeling something's going to happen in Jordan's favor. So yeah, I don't know. I don't know. &gt;&gt; He did have an aura about him when he came in here the other week. I thought &gt;&gt; we were saying I think to other members of staff, he just looked a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] massive massive &gt;&gt; different level up from Cruiser. So look, like you say, roll of dice possibly last chance Saloon at this level. So needs to take it with both hands. Like you say, Pat Brown also on the card as well. Got high hopes for him. Um, I guess it's the beauty of boxing on his own, right? He can now box in America for the first time as a pro and he's going to be fasttracked, no doubt, in 2026. Presumably, you know, someone like John Hedges in the far in line if they can both carry on winning. So, yeah, it should be a good show. I'm heading over there on Wednesday. &gt;&gt; Oh, you're going. &gt;&gt; I'm going, mate. Yeah. Yeah. I've not been over to the States for a show in a while, actually. &gt;&gt; I've not been once this year &gt;&gt; really, &gt;&gt; which is very disappointing. Well, &gt;&gt; that probably [clears throat] is a just a a dynamic of the way things have changed as well, to be fair. I mean, you do a lot of Saudi shows, don't you, for example. Yeah, but no, it's just one I love a fight week in America. &gt;&gt; Favorite one's done some I've been blessed and lucky enough to do some crackers, mate. Uh there was it's that Fortnite the the Fortnite first one. It was my first American show. &gt;&gt; Katy Taylor Serrano New York straight on a plane to Vegas for Canelo Bivol. &gt;&gt; It's all been downhill since then. [laughter] &gt;&gt; No, but like it doesn't get much better than that, does it? Like &gt;&gt; that Taylor Serrano lot was just &gt;&gt; Yeah. Epic. &gt;&gt; The loudest probably. &gt;&gt; I'm trying to think what other ones. Do you know what? I really enjoyed Sunny against Bam. Y &gt;&gt; um I really enjoyed Canelo Triple G. &gt;&gt; Y &gt;&gt; uh I think that's I think that might be my lot. &gt;&gt; I'd love to go back out in January. Dorton Smith, I think Eddie mentioned it on the show earlier. &gt;&gt; Oh, I'm in Barbados. &gt;&gt; Sounds like the second week. How can you pop over a couple of hours flying? &gt;&gt; Sure. [laughter] Mes will love that. Halfway through our first holiday together. It's obviously not a match from the show, but I'd love to get on that to see Dort hopefully win. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean it' be massive if he wins. Eddie was saying, you know, I mean, the the nights that will await him are just monstrous. So, it's life changing, isn't it? &gt;&gt; I mean, the names in that division as well, huge. &gt;&gt; I want to see a 5v5 again. &gt;&gt; I was there, you know, everyone I saw was like, "What were you doing here behind enemy lines uh on the weekend?" I'd love to see another 5v5. &gt;&gt; I'm glad they've left it a bit of time because there was there was a lot of rumors of one happening like a couple of months later. I think you kind of like dilute the the product, if you want to call it that, a little bit. Maybe do it every couple of years so it feels a bit like, you know, a World Cup sort of thing. You know, it's coming around again. That' be good. &gt;&gt; That's what I think they should do. &gt;&gt; Even on the same date, you know, &gt;&gt; when was it? Last June. June. So already. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Do it do it next June every two years maybe. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I'd love to see it like the O2, you know. I think it'd be huge. &gt;&gt; I mean, realistically, it's probably going to be in Saudi, let's be honest. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But yeah, you know, we've seen more shows come over here. Ring magazine and &gt;&gt; obviously Eubank Ben. I think it'd just be great night the O2. I think with the scoreboards. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; that's one. &gt;&gt; I saw a fantasy one on Twitter actually the other day and I thought well done. &gt;&gt; It was on the WhatsApp chat. It went through Josh Padley against &gt;&gt; Ryan Garner. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; AJ Fabio Wardley. &gt;&gt; Cordina No. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Cordina against Sam &gt;&gt; and &gt;&gt; Callum Smith maybe. &gt;&gt; No, Ben Whitaker against Joshua Batson. &gt;&gt; Yes, you're right. Yeah, there we go. Just put it out there. &gt;&gt; 5 to us. [laughter] But like we need some sort of revenge. I mean, &gt;&gt; well, hopefully John Hitches can can get a point on the &gt;&gt; Every time I see Oh, yeah. True. But every time I see Dev, I know he &gt;&gt; That's always going to be there, right? &gt;&gt; I know he's thinking it. &gt;&gt; It's always going to be there. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Yeah. Good. Good fight week. It was enjoyable. Brilliant. Um, great concept. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it was brilliant. Love to see it again. But safe flight to America. &gt;&gt; Thank you, sir. &gt;&gt; Um, look after yourself. &gt;&gt; It's probably worth noting actually the pod is out a day later next week because of my travels back. So, it'll be released on the Friday next week for you listeners out there. &gt;&gt; And also, Flash Knockdown are looking for a new producer. So, if you'd like to send your CV into jam. That would be fantastic. That actually is my real email address, but I think you can find that online. Anyway, before I get myself into trouble, thanks very much as always for your support and thanks for watching Flash Knockdown. Don't forget, catch all the action. Lenny Pero against Jordan Thompson who makes his heavyweight debut this Saturday from Orlando, Florida, live on design. Thanks very much to our guests this week. Of course, promoter Ready Hearn, Hamza, Udin, John Hedges, Meatball Molly Macccan, and Omari Jones. And thanks to producer Scott for what is his final appearance on Flash Knockdown. He certainly gave it his all, but you know, if if you're delaying the show for the punters, then that is unforgivable, unfortunately. Give us a like, subscribe, a rating, whatever the usual jazz is. I don't actually know the words. I usually just make a lot of this up anyway, but we will see you next week. What a shot. The female right of the year.