Kind: captions Language: en challenge. We both have instructions in the dressing room so you know what's expected. Keep your punches up. Obey my command to protect yourselves at all times. Keep this one clean, lads. Touch gloves. Whitaker with the high skills of a supreme amateur career. The lovehate Marmite box office appeal, the showmanship. There are three and a half million insta following makes him one of the most appealing sporting athletes on the planet. But still big questions ahead in this professional journey. He's 28 now. Matram debut of course alongside Eddie Hearn but in with Benjamin Gavati. The battle of the Benz. Gavatzi. Well, what off? 19 and one with 13 knockouts. Can he deal with Whitaker's speed, his craft, his IQ? And Gavvati certainly has power, but at what level, Darren? &gt;&gt; That that's the question. Exactly. At what level? Look, he carries his hands high. It's the lack of speed that's going to be the issue here with someone like Ben Whitaker who's razor sharp. And I don't mean just with hands, the way he reacts to to slow jabs. He'll counter so quickly. His footwork exceptional. And yeah, he's got that natural flare, but it's about knuckling down to business here and getting the job done in good fashion. &gt;&gt; And he came straight out the block to Gavazi. came up for a jab straight away, looking to initiate the action and close the gap with Ben. But so far, Ben doing a a good job of nullifying any sort of moves he's trying to make, but it' be good to see him start landing the target here. Ben, we know his quality. We've seen it. I &gt;&gt; think Gavazi will struggle an awful lot on the back foot. I think he's got to try and be the boss, hold the the center of the ring, even push back Ben Witika. Ben with Whitaker is able to push back Kavazi. This should be a short night I would say. &gt;&gt; Yeah. After the tough Liam Cameron double story behind him tie up with Matram. The ability and work ethic is there but it is a sharkinfested 12 stone seven division. shot and a big right hand in the first round inside the opening two minutes. It was blaring hand speed from Whitaker. Accuracy looks at his corner says he's intent on making another statement and Gavazi looks open and novicey. A class, absolute class. That was didn't load up with anything. It was the speed as you say, the accuracy and the placement. Look at this. Big shots. GAVASI IN A HEAP OF TIME. What a knockout. Ben Whitaker shines at home in Birmingham in facil fashion destroying Benjamin Gavazi. And he needs the medical attention. That was a heavy knockdown. It was sthing punches from Whitaker. The speed, the glass, there was no messing about. This is the new chapter in Ben Whitaker's journey. &gt;&gt; And as soon as he had him hurt, Adam, he let his hands go. He's still down his receiving option at the moment, but it was two or three completely, perfectly teed off shot from Ben Whitaker there. Very, very dangerous sharp lightning hand. and Kavasi just being helped onto his stool. &gt;&gt; Brave man from Germany to take this chance but um well really way out of his deck. Uh but that is a highlight reel victory. Maybe the best of the lot for those three and a half million Insta followers who might be 4 million tomorrow. There they are. Ben Shalon brought him to this point. Now Eddie Hearn wants to take him global. Ben and Eddie and Andy Lee. Let's not forget him. What a team to take him round the world in 2022. &gt;&gt; Exactly that. We want to see if what he's just done there is he's put more bums on seats. More people are going to want to see him. You know, his popularity will multiply and some. But key here is activity. Get him out, you know, as soon as possible on the next possible show. Get him out. Get him out again and again. Activity son is key. &gt;&gt; And he came dressed as the silver surfer and he was every bit as smooth, calm, &gt;&gt; and dominant as he was. He was absolutely fantastic. I don't think he put a foot wrong there in the 2 minutes it lasted tonight. &gt;&gt; And it's all about box office entertainment. The dazzling ring wall that lasted longer than the fight, but you can imagine how they're going to cut that up flirting around the world on social media. Ben Whitaker. Take note. &gt;&gt; Love him or hate him, you have to respect what Ben Whitaker brings to a boxing ring. You have to. &gt;&gt; The surgeon operated perfectly. Cool, crisp, calm, and explosive. Look at that smile from Ben. He's a lovely guy away from all the show beers and the um effect for the cameras sometimes. He really is. He's worked very hard since he first laced the gloves on at seven. Olympic silver medalist, of course. He's 28 and the world could be his oyster. Harder tests will come. And we can see the uh brave man of Benjamin Gavasi. Good to see him on his stall and just getting the best possible attention because that was really difficult to watch. I think after he got to him, it was just a matter of time and and the finish was just electrifying. Yeah, he was teeing off on him and the way he went about his work tonight. I think he is going to build start building a really genuine organic British fight fans are going to get behind him. You know, we love his win over the Germans and he came and dominated absolutely from the first second till the last second. He was in absolute control and the moment he landed, he was teeing off. &gt;&gt; Darren, as I said, bigger test lie ahead. We want to see him regular. Um, &gt;&gt; okay, just a quick line before we go to Andy. Who would you like to see in the next couple? &gt;&gt; We'll have to look at the ratings, but I upper level. up a few levels because he's that good. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So many at 12 Stone 7. A huge huge tribe of fighters. Let's get up to Addie. He's got Dave and Tony with him for their immediate reaction on what we just saw. Ben Whitaker sizzle. Wow. Uh Dave, you did say he needs to make a statement. You said he needs to get him out there in one, two, or three rounds. He he he kind of must have been listening to you, Dave, cuz he got him out there in the very first. Yeah, that's what I expected. I think Gavati is um uh an okay fighter. Um that's what Sol Ben Whitaker's level does to an okay fighter. Uh I thought he did he didn't put a foot wrong. I couldn't I couldn't really critique it. He didn't put a foot wrong, but now that's out the way statement made. Let's see him in with Craig Richards. Dan Aiz. Let's really see where he's at. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's what we wanted to see, didn't we? I mean look the first knockdown Tony again it's the speed isn't it speed he's a bit more spiteful I think it's fair to say on the Andy Lee as well I &gt;&gt; I said when he was warming up on the pad said Gavati he's going to struggle with the speed and he looks like a he looked heavy-handed even on the pads when I seen him warming up but I just thought the speed isn't there at the end when you get in with someone like Ben Whitzka like I said on Olympic silver medals he has the pedigree and he's so sharp and that last shot you know listen he's in a bit of a bad Thankfully, Gavat's okay, but as I said, me and me and Dave were talking off air and you we're not going to know where he's at. And the barometer here is a guy like a Craig Richards, is a guy like a Daniz, but they might even be a step too far right now. It's got to it's you need someone those rounds like Liam Cameron in the rematch. Like I said, it's Kareem's on the line. You seen a completely different