Kind: captions Language: en And it's all being brought to you courtesy of Mr. Eddie Hearn of Matchroom Boxing. We're sponsored tonight by Bet Online, Everlast, El Mexico, O'Reilly Auto Parts, Riot Season, Visit Atlantic City, and Drip. Introducing your three judges scoring this contest from ringside. Ron McNair, Robin Taylor, and Paul Wallace. And at the sound of the bell, your third man in the ring, referee Charlie Fitch. And now, ladies and gentlemen, eight rounds of boxing scheduled in the welterweight division. Introducing first, fighting out of the red corner, he wears solid black trunks. He scaled 148 and 12 lbs. His professional record, 13 victories, one defeat with two wins coming by way of knockout. Fighting out of Hamilton, Bermuda, Nikki Baskam. Baskam. And his opponent across the ring fighting out of the blue corner. He wears black with the white and pink trim. He scaled at already 147 and 3/4 lbs. Professional record perfect. 13 fights, 13 victories with nine of his 13 wins coming by way of knockout. Fighting out of the city of brotherly love, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, please welcome Tamir the Don [Music] Smalls. Smalls. Good evening, Nikki. Good evening, Tamir. Gentlemen, you both know the rules. Obey my commands. Protect yourself at all times. Touch gloves now. Come on. Fighting at the bell. Set to go for our third bout here on before the bell. Leading up to our main card at 8:00 p.m. Eastern on to zone. Tamir Smalls in the blue and pink trunks and Nikki Baskam in the all black trunks. Underway here on Before the Bell here from Boardwalk Hall. Justin Shackle, Shakur Stevenson, Richardson Hitchens, ringside. Shakar, I feel like you're really into this. Feel like you're really into the commentating being ringside. Are you gonna stay on for your cousins fight? Oh, no, not at all. Not at all. I got to go, you know, watch coach and do everything that I got to do when he fight. But, um, I'm interested in this kid uh to hear. I've been hearing a lot about him. So, I actually boxed him like I want to say last year and he he gave me good work. He it was his long rangy arms and his style. So he's a big welterweight. Yeah. Yeah. He's huge welterweight. I just asked Cor. I said, "You think he's bigger than me?" He was like, "Yeah, he's way bigger." Small said that if he is on point tonight, you're going to see a calm fighter, a quality jab, and power that comes with a purpose. And right away we see that. And that's a left hand. That rock. Yeah, this this looks like it's about to be over. This could be one short. A big left hand down goes basket and Tamir Smalls with business here at the boardwalk hall. He don't look like he's planning on getting up. He don't plan on getting up. That's going to do it. Thunder in the punches from Tamir Smalls. [Applause] Wow. Wow. Right. Smalls 14-0. Gets his 10th KO and between the body frame, the style, a lot jumped out at you in a short amount of time against those punches. Yeah, I was impressed. I was impressed by his uh punching powers, his athleticism. I want to see more. I want to see more. So, um he definitely got a good future ahead of him. This is a fighter who look I mean the last several shows for Jerennis, we're seeing some boot promotion fighters. Tamir Smalls is coached by Bosianis and that's really it. He said he doesn't have a promoter right now. Taking a look at some of the action from the seconds that we saw of Tamir Smalls in this one. You know, a lot of people say he has a style all his own for his size and being a 147 pounder. He said it's tough to compare it to another fighter. Well, long arms like Richardson was saying, he's kind of got that stocky build, but you see the quickness, the strength. He's fast. And we are going to get the official time from David Diamate as Tamir Smalls gets his hand raised once again. Ladies and gentlemen, referee Charlie Fitch reaches the count of 10 at 1 minute and 13 seconds of round number one, declaring your winner by knockout. He's still undefeated, Tamir the Don Smalls. [Applause] Tamir Smalls victorious here in Atlantic City on Before the Bell with the knockout coming a minute 13 into round one. He's victorious over Nikki Baskam here in AC. Quick night of work. The the post-fight interview might last longer than the actual match. What do you say, O? Congratulations, Tamir. A spectacular knockout. He is coming over seven straight wins. He's only lost one time. Supposed to be a step up fight for you. Why did you make it look so easy? I mean, it it wasn't it wasn't the the thing. I'm trying to make it look easy. You know, we just put in the work in the gym. So, and I I guess it paid off exactly how it was supposed to. I mean, was that the agenda to to be aggressive right away in the first round to end this fight early? No, not really. The thing is my thing my my team was telling me just to be smart, you know, don't don't make no fast moves, but if I see it, take it. So, and and I end up seeing it. So, I took it. So, was that what it was where starting the fight right away you saw that he didn't really pose much of a threat and and there was a clear path to to a knockout victory? No, I didn't I actually didn't see it at first. You know, I like I said, I just wanted to come in, be smart. You know, I was waiting for him to throw a shot that I can counter, you know, and you know, I just try to take take advantage where I can. Listen, we know you rep Philly is only about an hour away from AC. For those that that drove down from Philly to support you, any message out there, anybody in the building or people watching home? You know, I appreciate all y'all for coming out, taking the job to come see me, people who came from Philly, further. You know, I appreciate my opponent to the to the to the most high, you know, and I just appreciate everybody for coming and supporting me. Very exciting win. Looking forward to seeing you back in there. Congratulations, Ch. Thank you. Thank you. I appreciate you. Just one one more thing. One more. I really uh you know, great performance for my opponent, too. You know, I appreciate him coming all the way out from Bermuda. You know, I appreciate you guys. Thank you, Rock. Thank you to