Kind: captions Language: en command at all times. Now touch gloves and good luck. Well, bout number four for the talented Taylor Beavenon. Send us out for round one. He has not put a foot wrong. Straight to the center of the ring. Sky, I'm sure you've been as impressed as me and Barry have. I have. He's a very smooth operator, very clean boxer, and obviously got that devastating power. So, what's not like what to what's not to like about Taylor Beavenon? Yeah, you're right. I mean, I look at my notes, all I can see is destroyed and devastating on my notes. And it was a a destruction job last time out against Alex Makovic is an absolute sickener of a left uppercut. The variation, the accuracy, the speed in which he delivers the shot. So impressive. And yeah, I mean, he really does have it all carved out of stone. What he does, Darren so well for me is, and we say it all the time, punch it inside your body frame, which means rather than lift your elbows up and throw a shot, he turns his body into the punch. And that's why he threw that uppercut through the middle, but he turned his body in a short space just to make sure he rotates into the uppercut through the middle, finding the angle of the shot, but keeping it neat all the time. Weighed 169.8 lb at yesterday's weighing. So not far off the super middleweight limit already. looking big, looking strong, looking solid with the watchful eye of legend Colin Jones. Lovely left to the body there. Just gets round the elbow. And that's one thing you you see with a lot of these top class amateurs turning professional is is the accuracy of their shots. You're one to mention Sky and we're seeing that with Taylor Beavenon already, aren't we? Yeah, he has good accuracy, good timing, and he picks his shots really well. You can see the experience he has from his amateur career. It shines through even though he's only he's only done a handful of rounds really as a professional. It doesn't sayro last out against Aaron Bowen. Did go the distance. So, it's a good measuring stick. Only stopped the once in his four defeats. Looks solid. Let's not forget bowling box really well. I think one of the best in box. I thought really really control with his work. B's no more menace about his work. B again with the feet. He's he's taking those little steps back, but he's making sure he's a bully with that front foot all the time. He's always looking for the opening, isn't he? He's always trying to set the the traps, pours out the jab every now and again. He'll fade. But he's a full step in and quarter step back. So he know you can almost reach it though from he knows that he's going to just commit to his shots a gap and colleague works beyond the solid left hand jab as well. It's power weight. It makes you think twice before you It gives just a little secondary thought in your brain before you let your hands go. That slows you down. So, well, he really does. The variation very good. Last 10 seconds in this opening round. It's been a good one from Taylor [Applause] Beavenon. Hallelujah. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Okay, picking up for that job again now. Yeah. Bonus 10 seconds. [Applause] Well, there's a big crew. Taylor Beavenon fans on the top tier sat behind us making themselves heard. They'll be happy with their man's opening round there. Measured approach to it, working well behind the jab, looking to find the opening. Cherro not offering much Barry must be said, but showing his toughness to that's why. Let's be honest. I mean, he's been so forceful here from from Bevon on the front foot. A solid. Look at that weight in that jab. And he also just brings that right that right glove just in the front of his chin. He throws a jab if you can catch him and try and throw with him. He's got a man who knows how to survive. I'd like to see Beavenon just maybe with a few more faints just to try and open up that guard a little bit. Nice right hand over the jab, but comes back with a right hand of his own and he gets aggressively on the front foot like he does here. Quicken his feet there, didn't he? To just skip to the right there, Be just to keep where he where he where he wants him in the corner on the ropes. Not much not much space to escape. Very spiteful. What he wants you better in the opening. So he's pushes force in the corner on a rope where your only escape route is to fire back and with that there's a gap and with a gap he thinks that he can exploit that just walking onto a body shot there open there with a lovely left right into gutro just sort of rides these shots gets the hands high looking to trade with beon probably not a good idea he's under the kosher though the referee jumps in andro That's a good stop. When the referee said that's enough, he looked at the referee there, looked at Rocky and just read, "Yeah, I hate that." Yeah, Coachero saved for another day there from the referee. He looked a little disappointed in the corner. Not just Coachero, but I'm looking over at Taylor Beavenon. I think he wanted a bit more of that, but he wants that conclusive knockout. I I understand that he does, but I mean he's beating him up, but he's not firing back. I mean, when you get when you get in the corner ropes like that for a long enough time, you're going to get hurt. You've got to fire back. You don't fight back cuz you're in distress. And with that, he has to stop the fight. Jones there in the corner. Let's have a look at the the stoppage here. It was a good barrage of shots. Nothing really coming back. Oh, he just dipped the leg. That body shot. I think that's what maybe put the referee on on alert there. I think that was it. That body shot just made him just sink a little bit. And then there was a and also he's taking what's happened that you know in the previous drama. He took a little bit of a going over. Happy with the stopage start. Yeah, I think it was a good stoppage. There was nothing coming back. Um he didn't get hurt. There wasn't a devastating blow but he wasn't throwing anything back. So you can't really argue with that. Well, four four and four for Taylor Beavenon. So impressive. Let's hand it back to David. [Music] Ladies and gentlemen, referee Rocky Israel calls a halt to this contest. The official time of the stoppage, 1 minute 33 seconds of round number two, declaring a winner by TKO. He's still undefeated. Taylor Beavenon. Well, the crowd are going mad behind us. The couple of hundred that have made the trip to support Taylor Beavenon. They've been thrilled with their man. But like I say, four wins, four stoppages.