Kind: captions Language: en any of your average guys, you know what I'm saying, in the in the rankings, those the top of the top who have the discipline to pursue the craft of boxing, which takes day after day, hour after hour application. Good right hand by Bosa. But this is certainly the toughest opponent by far of those three defenses. And Barbosa is patient. He's waiting to counter punch. what he does right there. Giving him giving him these fits, the little faints, the little breaks, cuz he don't know if he's going to punch off those movements. Good counter hook. The little faints upset your timing and rhythm. It really does. And look at that hook he just hit on on a proposal with Tio's through the ropes. Oh, the counter shot with the right hand. Excellent Lopez. showing you some of his remarkable talent. Fighting is very sharp. Very sharp fighter, very elusive, Jim. I'm curious against probably the most gifted fighter he's fooled. Exactly. I'm curious to know what his corner is going to tell him in between rounds. And a good one. A really good one who has accomplished a lot. Once again, the record is 32 and0. And there's a hard counter right hand that could change perspectives right now. Heard him. Waiting to counter. Looking if Barbosa is going to lead, which he isn't at this point. Timmo comes with a hard right hand. That head moving. You got to move the target. [Music] not pushing him. Yeah. And also Jim, that was the first faceoff they did all fight week at the weigh-in yesterday. Simo slapped Barbosa across the face a couple of months ago in Los Angeles here in this position after everything he has accomplished. Nice. Well said. Barbosa trying to get inside, make something happen. The footwork, really brilliant footwork here tonight by Tafimo. Tio taking chances right now. You just saw Boza landed with a couple good shots. Tio is thinking knockout, but increasingly it appears he's not going to get it. That was a terrific body shot with the left hand underneath the rib cage. There's the left hand up. Max Duca and Eric Malinsky scored it 116 112. David Sullivan has it 118 to 110. All three to the winner by unanimous decision and still ring in WBO junior welterweight champion of the world paleimo the takeover over.