Kind: captions Language: en Gentlemen, keep your heads up, keep your punches up, and protect yourselves at all times. Keep it clean. And I will be saying, "Wush gloves." [Applause] Well, second outing for Adam Macka, the former six-time national amateur champion who looks so good on debut at MSG in June. Barry was very very impressive, wasn't he? When he took out Raphael Castillo. I say Castillo really come to have a go, but he was so spiteful and aggressive and he got the arm raise in what was a magical debut. &gt;&gt; Yeah, in a in a magical venue as well. It's absolutely fantastic. I I like him, you know, he's aggressive, but he punches long, you know, he keeps his shape really well, which is important. inside. All right, keep up that jab. Plenty of faints, plenty of jabs. All right, keep squeezing. Squeezing. Control pressure. And then you're going to switch up. Diagonal when you're inside. Diagonal. Diagonal. Come down to the body. All right. Breathe. You good? Breathe. Three. Good boy. That's it. Patient. Be patient with your jab. Keep popping. Soften him up. Soften him up and then go. Good boy. Stop. [Applause] Do &gt;&gt; you know what, Darren? That's really good advice that is. So what what that forces him to do is keep his hands up, keep his elbows tucked in, keep that things up with that shape, that composure, that throwing that jab all the time will force him just to keep that form. Real maturity in his work, not fight him like an 18y old physically look stronger than 18 as well. Again, that little half a step out of range making Rodriguez fall short, firing back with blistering fast combinations. Good work to the body again from Maka. Went at 80 amateur fights, won 70. He actually lost his first four, but persevered and became a real real talent. Had some very good fights and very good wins and working the body. Brutal three left hooks to the body, just missing with a four. Going back upstairs. It's just relentless, Barry. This is a real onslaught of impressive boxing. Heavy hitting from Adam Macka. &gt;&gt; See, I've seen Ro a few times. He's one of those fighters. He always looks like he's in trouble, but always fires back like his balance is awful, but he always finds his feet somehow. &gt;&gt; Little pivot on that front foot from Mako. He landed a one two and just span round. Rodriguez gamely trying to get on the front foot, but he walks onto another beautiful jab. &gt;&gt; Look at this. A nice little one two there from Maka and you're not Rodriguez on his heels and he got he might start tiring or under pressure but then he uses throw combination or or a big right hand over the top and that right hand again just doubling up with the shot Rodriguez back on the ropes that step back then fires another one two constant pressure from the man from Brighton still only 18 as I say six national titles Back to this one. Adam Macka in his second outing as a professional. He's shown us an awful lot. That's another left to the body. Seems to hurt Rodriguez, but gamely fires back with two hooks, Barry, as he usually does. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he does yet again. And I tell you something though, if he thinks you're still if he feels he'll start to tire, he might start to come on a little bit strong here, Rodriguez. But I think &gt;&gt; just for me, Macka, you know, that's it. Just the control with the jab as the Connor have been asking for. That'll just give you a little bit of breathing space, a bit of time to think about your next real solid assault. &gt;&gt; Managed by Sam Jones who I can see ringside and they'll be looking to keep Adam Macka busy, keep him active, keep him learning, keep that profile building. [Music] Again, good pressure on the front foot. Put the shots together. Take the sting a little bit out the shots, isn't he? And just let it flow a bit more in this third round. [Music] &gt;&gt; Just a different angle now. So, I mean, we talk about it all the time, don't we? That semicircle on the body. So, when he gets him on the rope, just it only got to be a little little increments to left or right. You got just a different angle. You can screw shots through the guard. &gt;&gt; Good pressure again. Six shots straight down the middle. Rodriguez takes them well. He keeps his hands nice and high. A nice wide uppercut. An overhand right again from Rodriguez. He lands another one. Every now and again it's almost like a a fast bowler in cricket. Really slinging in that right hand over the top. &gt;&gt; He hits with the fingers a little and I think that's he's lucky there Maka that he's not getting that full knuckle on the shot. Yeah, as you do in these early fights, you learn all the time. And as effective as you might be offensively, you've got to stay tight defensively. As you step through the levels, as you say, Barry, someone who can throw the right hand correctly, it could do damage. &gt;&gt; But these fights are not bad for, you know, it's a fight that almost impossible for him to lose. But cuz not much is coming back and again. So it's just it's about forcing yourself to keep that concentration even when in a fight where you're dominating and having your own way. I &gt;&gt; tell you what, he's going to be in some very &gt;&gt; exciting fights is MKA. You can see the way he fights. I think as time progresses, he'll start slowing it down slightly, won't he? But &gt;&gt; he's sharp and he's aggressive, you know. So all that knowers to him going to be in some really good scraps cuz he he's looking to be busy all the time. He wants to be the the first and the last in the combinations in the exchange I should say. &gt;&gt; Damage to the left eye of Rodriguez. That right hand. He looks for his own one again. The Spaniard just missing with the shot. Looking for the right uppercut to finish that third round. Macka. Another one in the back. But couple of reminders. Keep those hands high. But impressive stuff from the man from Brighton. And then I want you to apply the pressure after about 20 30 seconds. I need you to increase the pressure more. Right? Just increase it right the way through the round. Right? So start on your jab. He's going to come out. He's going to try and swing a little bit. Just watch that on your way out. You want to be kicking on your way out. Don't come out high. You need to come out lower. All right. When you're on the run, swing in and out. Then make sure you come out low or dip and then get back to it. Do not come out high. Just swinging over the middle. Right. You soften him up. Now you don't need to do your job. Right. Make sure you double your shot because you're not underneath. Right. Really target that body when he's on the ropes. Come on. [Music] &gt;&gt; Into the fourth round we go. Good advice from Dan Woolage in the corner there. I think he wants to see an increase in pace in this final round for the stoppage. As we say, the former Rodriguez not great, but he is tough. He is durable most of the time. Only stopped five times. So, can Adam Macka be the sixth to do it? &gt;&gt; It's been good to fight. I think from the quite sensible, nothing too extravagant on him do any crazy stuff. Yeah, he's responded as well. &gt;&gt; Puts him together well. Good variation with the shots. The the defense with the feet very good. Seems to tighten up slightly with the hands, but so exciting. He really is one to watch for sure. &gt;&gt; And it's a good fight for him. This again, like as I saying, it's not a fight with any danger he's going to lose, but but he's had to he's having to learn here how to control it and take the rest without encouraging your fighter to come on to you, you know, still to to maintain dominance, but also not throw too many shots and tie yourself out. &gt;&gt; The front foot pressure been very good, constant in front of Rodriguez, letting these heavy shots go. the the left to the body or the work to the body as a whole has been very good and this is a very very good barrage of shots landed a very good right hook inside he throws a long right hand and he sweeps a short right hand across the target maybe the corner was talking about diagonals maybe that's what they meant really really effective &gt;&gt; oh that right hand Rodriguez high on the head he's just complaining but it was a lovely shot in this final round from Adam Maka. Can he get the finish? 70 seconds to go in this final round. There's another right hook. He means business here. That's four, five unanswered right hands from that hurting. &gt;&gt; He's in real real if he wasn't already. Survival mode for Rodriguez. And the referee, sorry, the corner falls in the towel. saves Francisco Rodriguez to fight another day. And that was impressive, Barry, from Adam Mako, who really went through the gears, landed some heavy shots, and got the finish in the fourth round. &gt;&gt; You know what, the corner a couple of rounds ago, I said of all diagonals, and I think that's what they meant, but we and we spoke about just knocked him down, the straight right hand, and then he he sweeps across with a short right hook pretty much. And I think that might be the the angle they're talking about maybe, but it just changes the whole dynamic cuz he's waiting for that long right hand and then it sweeps across your body and you don't see it. The lovely shot. There were a few on the back of the head I think because he's the short that's behind the ear there, but I mean he's dipping down there Rodriguez. I don't think that's there there's any fault there from from Macka. &gt;&gt; And he just didn't stop did he once he had Rodriguez hurt. And I've got to say, even though there was what 40 odd seconds to go, I think the corner have done the right thing there because he did not take his foot off the gas, did he? &gt;&gt; Do you know what the referee, you could see in a corner of him, he had the toll on his hand a little bit earlier than that and the I think the referee was looking to step in. That's a good fight for Maka. A really good learning fight. I he really good qualities. I think he was struggling, tiring a little bit cuz he had to throw so many punches against a tough guy, but all in all, impressive. &gt;&gt; Very impressive. throws back over to Ben.