Kind: captions Language: en [Applause] Nasimmed is back in London looking to create some of the magic of his early career tonight. He enjoyed some of his biggest successes on his climb to the top. And that is the sort of performance he has vowed to produce tonight to prove that he is still unquestionably the best featherweight in the world. But first time out at featherweight. Could Vouani Bongu upset that plan? Michael Buffer. &gt;&gt; And now, ladies and gentlemen, the moment has arrived for our main event. Please welcome to the ring, the challenger, Aun Bongu. [Applause] Bangu will be led into the ring &gt;&gt; by South African praise singer used by former President Nelson Mandela. [Applause] The gentleman's name is Zani Mcka. And what he's doing here, I'm told, is calling on the spirits of Bungu's ancestors to give him strength and inspiration for the battle ahead. &gt;&gt; This isn't a bad rivalry entrance to Naz, is it? Well, it's something different and obviously you know he's he's got to say things to Bungu all the time and that's going to be inspiring Bumbo and making him strong. So that's that's the idea. Let's go take a little of the effect of what Naz got to do. He's also going to be in the ring right up until the time when Nasim eventually arrives there. [Music] kind of performance is [Applause] always the hope they could play. He could get Michael Buffer's job at this rate as the MC. [Applause] And there's Banari Bungu who's bathed his way out of abject poverty in South Africa to become a world champion super banterweight and now prepares to fight gas. [Applause] And now, ladies and gentlemen, coming to the ring, the defending champion, the royalty of boxing, Prince Nazi Muhammad. And this we are told will be Brit's last big production ring entrance via magic carpet. Would you believe [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] a good effect. I'm sure he's enjoyed it. He's come in every other week, you know, cars and all sorts of things. He's been carried in. [Applause] Well, people have their own opinions of these show ring entrances, but you have to say, looking around here, the crowd seem to love it. But the question is, of course, in the ring, has the magic gone? &gt;&gt; Well, that's what he's got to try and prove. He's got to try and show that it's still there. That he's still got the fire, the punch power, you know, that everything. He still wants it in the game. And he says he will this time, but he needs to. He just hasn't performed well in the last three fights. So, he needs a special performance. Well, it was a happy landing that time, but there are some who feel that Naz could come crashing down to earth in his first London appearance for three years. Give him credit. He's reigned since 1995. 13 title defenses now. But he does know and accepts now that the last three performances have been very flawed. He needs to shine here. And to answer the critics who are wondering if he's on the slide, if he as a young multi-millionaire with a young family is in the comfort zone and answer those two who say he might be getting bored with the business. Well, that's always a problem when you get when you get to the point where you've done it all and he has done it all. He's had a tremendous career, tremendously talented. He's done it all. Has he got to the point where, you know, he's woke up and he just doesn't want it anymore? It's all a struggle to him. &gt;&gt; Bodyguards surrounding him. There's people in the crowd trying to reach out and touch him as if he's some kind of god. &gt;&gt; Well, is it the last time that we'll see this? I wonder. right now. The Mongu crowd and the creative Naz retracted that ring entrance too long. They haven't done that. It didn't go on too long, did it? &gt;&gt; No, it didn't. It didn't take that long. [Music] &gt;&gt; Taylor the take now as we get down to the boxing tonight. And it's a dangerous fight this for Nasim Hamemed. Mangu is 7 years older now at 33 and hasn't fought for a year. That might be important. He's taller and he has a reach advantage. That could be significant, too. Nasim Hamemed right on the limit. The scales were flickering about a bit I'd have to say. Bangu comfortably inside as you'd expect. He used to be the world super banterweight champion. That's one way down from this. Bangu made his professional debut 13 years ago. Hammed eight years ago. Only had six more fights though. Boxed twice as many rounds. And Hamemed with that remarkable knockout percentage 87%. They both had 14 world title fights. They both made 13 defenses. They're both pretty used to going the 12 round route though. Bungu has completed it 15 times. There's been a lot of money for Bungu this week. He's now as short as 7-2 to win this fight. Ahmed was 6 to1 on at one stage and the draw is 33-1 as we join MC Michael Buffer. Ladies and gentlemen, Barry Hearn and Prince Promotions in association with Golden Fist and Cedric Kushner Promotions present 12 rounds of boxing for the featherweight championship of the world. Sanctioned by the WBO. President Francisco Barcel, supervisor ringside, Hall of Famer, and former heavyweight, pardon me, light heavyweight champion of the world, Joseé Torres, and sanctioned by the British Boxing Board of Control, President Leonard Nibberie. Time people at this bout, Ray Rice. The three judges at ringside scoring this contest on the 10-point must system will be Hec Adrianz from Holland, Dave Paris from England, and Jose Roberto Torres from Puerto Rico. And when the bell rings, your referee in charge of the action working in the 128th time in a title bell, Joe Cortez from the United States. And now, ladies and gentlemen, from Grand Hall Olympia, London, England, for the thousands in attendance and the millions watching around the world, let's get ready to rumble. Introducing first, fighting out of the red corner, wearing white and weighing in at eight stone, 13 and 12 lbs or 125 at 12 lb. His professional record, an outstanding one, stands at 37 victories, including 19 by knockout with only two losses. And in world title bouts, he is undefeated with 14 victories. from East London, South Africa. Ladies and gentlemen, here is the challenger, the former undefeated super bantamweight champion of the world, Yani the Beast, Pu. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] And ladies and gentlemen, his opponent fighting out of the opposite corner, the blue corner, who at this time would like to say something in the microphone. Allahbarb Allahbar Allahbar Allahbarb. Introducing fighting out of the blue corner wearing leopard with adidas trim weighing nine stone or 126 lbs. His professional record is a perfect glove consisting of 33 bouts, 33 victories, including 29 by knockout, and he is considered by many among the best pound-for-pound in the world today. Ladies and gentlemen from Sheffield, England, presenting member of the British Empire, the reigning and defending undefeated WoW featherweight champion of the world, Prince [Music] Hame. We are all set to go here. A celebrity sprinkled audience. I'm afraid I can't give you any translation at all. &gt;&gt; All right, prefight words. &gt;&gt; We went to the dressing room. I expect a good clean fight. Protect yourselves at all time. Nine. These trunks are a little high. Yours are a little high. Also, give you a good clean fight. Protect yourselves at all time. Remember guys, I'm fair but I'm firm. Understand? Touch them up. very experienced referee. What will Nessim Hame produce this time? He says he knows that the critics are saying when is Naz going to shine again? Well, he says watch tonight. Let's see. Hani Bongu says that he's fought Kamehameh in his head for three years now and every time he wins because he knows the right strategy. Let's see if he can do that. He's moving up a weight. Can he cope with Hamemed's power? That is always a big question in any Nasi Hamemed fight, though his recent ones have been going long distance. Needs something spectacular again here. Needs to rediscover what the Americans call the thriller chiller days. Mohamed likes to let his opponents feel the power very early on just to let them know what they're in with. So you look for him to try and get some big punches on as quick as he can. Bungu usually keeps up a very high work rate. He's a good defensive fighter and likes to work the body on the inside. You feel that the southpaw jab might be a vital weapon for Hav and his hand speed as well. For Bungu to do his effective work, he's got to get in close enough. And in doing so, what risks will he take? &gt;&gt; And with Bongo's style, it's a crouching style. You got to look for how to start bringing the the uppercut into the fight. That's a very good one. Look for that sharp right hand off balance. And another left hand as well. Bungu looked a bit hurt by that. Covered up on the far side. Then the body punch from Hammond is working well on the outside and then getting away again. Big lift to the body too. Fung in a spot of bother in this opening round. Definitely feeling the weight of these punches. Now he's moved up into the featherweight division with one of the biggest punches in that division. It's a good start this by having [Applause] big chance of Nasim Nassim ringing around Olympia and there's an answer for those who think that people only turn up in the hope of seeing him beaten. He has lots of fans too, particularly among the younger generation. &gt;&gt; Well, he's doing well, Hammer. Just using that jab just trying to keep Bungu at bay. Also a take the eye of Bungie can come back with his bigger punches. &gt;&gt; It's a good left hand to the body again from Bung's noted for his power. He is noted for his ring craftsmanship and work rate. So far hasn't led him into the fight. It's a big right hand from Bund though close. [Applause] Leaving himself a little bit open. Comes back with a good weight of his own now. [Applause] Great hand, but they had the only success early on for Bungle. [Applause] Bung will be looking just to get through the early rounds and he got through that one with good punches. And it's sharp in his own unconventional intuitive way. Oscar Suarez, the Puerto Rican, doing the main job in the corner at the moment. We did wonder, they even said they might alternate Emanuel Stewart, the worldrenowned man from the prom gym in Detroit and the little known Slice. I wonder if that will happen. That would be a bit of a nonsense really, wouldn't it? &gt;&gt; It really would. He's got to he's got to keep concentration with a with a same man. And you'd probably look for Oscar Suarez to be doing most of the stuff in there. Good little punch just as he was coming forward. Bungu just rocked him off balance a little bit and then Bungu come back with a good right hand which Hamemed is always open to. &gt;&gt; He's always open. His defense is poor when he's in close. So he can always be caught by a counter like that. Round two. &gt;&gt; Second round coming up of what is an atmospheric London fight night. And no doubt about it. Here's the second hand. You don't need the identification really, do you? 26 years of age now at 33. [Applause] Body shots from Hamei thumping in these sharp looking blows in towards Bungu's rib cage. Bonga who beat Kennedy McKini twice and Danny Romero top class fighters during his super bantamweight days. His pedigree you can't question it. &gt;&gt; Well, he's just got to try and keep them hands and get busy, get into the fight. He needs to get in the middle and late stages for Hamemed to start making mistakes. Hamemed just looking to dismantle his man bit by bit with these heavy blows from the outside. Just starting to edge closer [Music] &gt;&gt; for Bangu to win this fight. You feel he'd have to outpoint Nasim. No sign of him able to do that at the moment. Glenn, &gt;&gt; there's not. He hasn't really got his full rhythm going. He'll just get better and better as he goes along. Bungu, he's got a good rhythm when he gets going. Still hasn't really found that yet. Difficult to get close to Hamemed because obviously he's constantly moving, constantly looking to pick out little jabs and throw shots. It's just slick boxing so far from Hamemed in that strange sort of limbo dancing way of his or one of a better description. It's good concentration from Jame at the moment and you know when he wants to he can be a superb technician and really you know boxed very well behind that jab as he did against Paul Engel for seven rounds and then just rather ran out of stamina before finding the knockout punch like a champion to win it. Bangu taking some heavy shots here. The craftsman is being outboxed by Ham at the moment. &gt;&gt; He really is picking these shots well. He's worked a lot to the the body Hammed and Bungu is supposed to be the the good body puncher, but Hammed really digging these punches in, weakening them, trying to bring the hands down so he can start bringing punches to the head. Good right hand from Bangu. A little smile on the face of Hamemed. Said something to Bangu there. has to show he still has the appetite and desire now that he has all this money in the bank. Some say 17 million pounds. Two rounds gone and both I think beyond dispute to the champion. &gt;&gt; Yes, very definitely. just can't get close enough. Can't get that on that he wants. &gt;&gt; And now Emanuel Stewart is getting in and doing the talking. So they're going to have Oscar Suarez one round, Emanuel Stewart the next round. Well, that's that's very very strange. You know, you've got different people saying different things. I'm sure they've got a pipeline, so it's not that different. But you that's constantly just changing what you're looking at. It's difficult for you to concentrate when that's happening. Well, they are trying to smooth it over and they say they're all giving the same message. They know what they want him to do. Shorten the punches, have better balance, and you'd have to say whatever they're doing in there, and it is very unconventional, is working at the moment. &gt;&gt; Round three. &gt;&gt; This is working. It's working very well. Man has looked very good in the last two rounds. Picked his punches well. Good work to the body. &gt;&gt; Here's the third round. Between the rounds, Patty Burn, the cut man for Bangu, was doing some work on his left eye. Don't see a cut at the moment, but maybe there's just signs of problems there. Good right uppercut from Hamemed. His hand speed really troubling Pyani Bungu at the moment. &gt;&gt; Well, it's a combination of the hand speed and the movement which gives opponent so much trouble. He can't get close enough to get that punches on. He's always in distance, out of range. You know, he really is very difficult. There is a small cut developing &gt;&gt; by that left eye of Bungu. &gt;&gt; Bungu who grew up in the shanty town near East London in South Africa trying to climax his career in West London, England. But at the moment it's looking a very very big job for him. He just can't get going at all. And isn't allowing him to just upsetting his concentration using that jabu can't get set for punches. Now when he does get in range hits him with good body punches [Applause] left hooks and crosses from the south stance and then that one to the body from Hamemed. &gt;&gt; You'd have to say at the moment he looks razor sharp here doesn't he? &gt;&gt; Very very sharp. Concentration is very good. Really looks like he means business you know but he's been careful. He's not committing himself too much. Just trying to take Bongo apart punch by punch. one who has been put on the floor in the past, but it was all a long time ago against Francancy Bard and by Freddy Norwood. He's unbeaten in eight years. [Music] can have it keep this going. He has to maintain his concentration. Big left hand. Bungu covering up again. Looking a bit open as he staggered back against the ropes. Listen to the brow here. Getting very animated [Applause] &gt;&gt; so far. So very good from the prince. Really is the prince against the porer as well because Bungu's first ever purse was 34 rand at current values. That's about £350. He's earning a little more than that tonight. &gt;&gt; Well, he looks like he's enjoying himself. And it's Oscar Suarez's turn again to do the challenge. &gt;&gt; Well, I mean, he should be enjoying himself because he is doing a very good performance. Doing everything right. Slowly, slowly just hitting Bungu with more shots. Bungu just can't get in the fight. And if you unless he can do something different, you've got to look and see, you know, what has he got to get in the fight. Hame skills, the jabs keeping him at bay. And then he's hitting with these big punches and then as soon as they're in close he's getting good body shots on. &gt;&gt; You'd never think, would you, that Bungu on paper has a reach advantage here. &gt;&gt; Well, he's not he's crouching too far down. Very rarely is he getting through with anything and he's losing his height and his reach out. &gt;&gt; 62 to 29 round four &gt;&gt; in favor of Hammed. Tells the story of a fight so far in which the champion has won every round. water. &gt;&gt; Such a contrast to the terrible more bore and foulfilled fight against Cesar Sto in Detroit. &gt;&gt; Fight in which could easily have been disqualified. But it was largely a question of the styles not jelling on the night. I felt somehow has to try and get close enough to start landing punches to start getting some points and you know he's finding it very difficult to get close to Naz and land anything. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Question that arises is can Nasim stop Buani Bundu? No one else has ever done it. classy little combinations from Hamemed. &gt;&gt; He just changes the tempo well. Hammed, you know, he doesn't put a lot of power in some of the shots and then you when he gets in the right position really plants his legs and you bangs them in hard. Oh, a big left hand put on the floor in the fourth round and I'm not sure he'll get up from that. It was an absolutely lethal shot and he's he's still made it. It's over and Prince Nasim Hame answes all his critics with a blisteringly brilliant performance here and becomes the first ever man to stop Moani Bongu in his long career and that was punch perfect. Well, you there's nothing you can really say wrong with that. He did everything right. Picked the right punch to finish it. That was a perfect left hand. Really was. And was still in difficulty. I mean, he really felt that shot and that was, as you seen, that was punch perfect, but he turned back the clock there to the days when he was blasting out opponents every time he got in the ring. There have been so many problems and it's a big triumph, too, I must say, for the training team behind him as well. &gt;&gt; Well, I think for the for the whole team, everything in general, it just all worked right, you know. He really picked the punch as well. He looked so calm. He was so concentrated. You did it really, really well. He was just hitting them with little punches trying to take the eye and then all of a sudden he up it put a bit more power in and you that's why when he did that, Bungu couldn't take the power. &gt;&gt; Boyani Bungu was never ever in that contest and he's a man who's been operating at world level now for years and years and years. And that's the punch that ended it. The left hand And &gt;&gt; he was never going to make it, was he? Was never going to get up. &gt;&gt; It was just a straight left turn just as Bongo was coming forward. Hit him right on the chin and he was never going to he never had any chance. &gt;&gt; Even in the Nassie Muhammad catalog of knockout punches, this one I think would rate pretty highly. He picked the punch right through the middle with the left hand. Look at that. Bang. all over. &gt;&gt; Well, I think he's pleased a lot of people. I think the American fans and fight people over there will have seen a very different Nazim Mamemed. And you know, they'll have thought that was a bit special. I tell you what, it sets up the possible showdown, doesn't it, with Eric Morales, the WBC super bantamweight champion, who had that fantastic fight, controversial one, too, with Marco Antonio Verra. They're talking about that for August and as an audition for that fight. It couldn't have been better. The American audience will have seen that. They'll say, "Come on, let's get it on." And I think they'll all be talking about that fight at the negotiating table in the next few hours because that was an electrifying performance by Nasim Hamemed. Tonight he was right back to his very best. &gt;&gt; Ladies and gentlemen, this contest comes to an end as referee Joe Cortez reaches the count of 10. The official time, 1 minute 38 seconds of round number four. The winner and still the reigning undefeated WBO featherweight champion of the world, the pride of Sheffield, England, Prince Nazi. [Applause] his 14th defense then and surely one of the most satisfying. He loves it, doesn't he? &gt;&gt; How good is he, Jim? Well, he made a world class fighter look completely ordinary. That was a first class a foot long. Everything he did was perfect. The finish was perfect. Just didn't allow to get started. And that's the performance we've been waiting for for two years. That's to do it at top level. He's done it at top level tonight. I think he's going any perfect night's work. Seems to love his work too, Barry. &gt;&gt; Yeah. What he wanted to do was he wanted to get his boxing back together again. And that's what he done tonight. He only needs half the power this guy. If he hits these guys with any sort of punch at all, and you know, that's why he shouldn't go looking to throw big for punches and jackpot punches every time. Everything worked off the jab today. He was clever. He kept by Bongo on balance. He nailed him with a jab and then he followed up quickly with fast combination punches. Fast active well delivered punches and that's the way he finished the fight. And all he needs, as I say before, all he needs to do is to hit these guys with half the power and he can take them out and you know he's just basking in the glory there and he deserves it. He's back to his old formidable self. We talked about that before. He's back with a vengeance. Well, he's going the same way to Yani Gunga that so many have gone before him. All the preparation in the world and all the belief in the world and they were so confident. It's the old equalizer Jim. &gt;&gt; The power of Nasim Mhhammed, however well your opponent prefers makes the difference. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But the thing wasn't just the power tonight because what a professional job he was doing. His boxing was never so tight and so controlled for a long time as it was today. It wasn't just the power. I mean, it wasn't a competitive fight that Naz turned around with one hit. I mean, Bungle never got started. He was never allowed to do anything. He landed a couple of punches, but Naz was always had him perfectly in range, perfectly in his sights, and just did a real professional job on it. So, that's he has the power when he needs it, but thankfully he has his wonderful boxing skills back again. He did the job properly and he's obviously obviously prepared properly and executing the job tonight perfectly. You just wonder Barry what was a issue behind the scenes over the last three or four performances. Not just the the managerial disputes, not just the promotional hassles, but he he was not focused in preparation as he obviously was. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, I you know, Emanuel Stewart said he should have come come to the Pocono Mountains to get ready for this and he said, "No, I want to be at home. I want to be more comfortable. I want to train out where, you know, it's not a long way away and it's not a time change." And he was right. He trained out in the Canary Islands. He prepared properly. He sain is the same time zone, maybe an hour or two of a difference. And he was ready for it. And what he what he looked like tonight is he looked like he'd got his boxing back together. And that's the most important issue. I haven't seen a performance like this since he fought. He used his jab bed a couple of years ago. He boxed brilliantly, used the jab, worked out a jab, landed combinations again, never landed a punch on him. And uh you know Bongo maybe landed half a dozen punches on him tonight but they just not weren't able to weren't able to connect or land fact. He couldn't figure out as you say all the preparation in the world was prepared for someone like Nas off the most unusual angles. He's got the most incredible balance and he can deliver power from the most unusual most unusual angles. Knock you knock you fl right through the middle. That was it. Good day, Vienna. &gt;&gt; And now I think we're preparing for another of our great traditional features on these evenings. &gt;&gt; Nasimmed meets Ian Dark. &gt;&gt; Thank you very much indeed, Paul. Well done, Naz. How good did that feel? Right back to your best. &gt;&gt; Well, you know, I've had all the critics say all this stuff and that about when is Naz gonna box to his best? When is that invincibility going to come back? Well, you seen a world-class athlete in there, a guy that won a world title, defended it 13 times, eight years as a world champion. Nobody'd ever done that to him. Put him down or took him out. Man, he got stretched tonight. Now, all I'm saying is yes, I am back to my best. I trained hard, very hard. Traed my heart out. Oscar Suarez trained me like a lion. Man was there. Everybody's criticizing, is there a problem with the camp? Manny this and Manny that and Oscar this. Well, there's no problem. You see me get in there, deal with the situation, and took him out. What have you got to say now? Come on. I've got to know what Barry Mcwigan wants to say. Barry Mcwigan. All of them now. Come on. We watch We watched Morales and we watched all of them guys now. Come on. They're watching me now on HBO. &gt;&gt; Do you think that was the best performance of your career? &gt;&gt; Well, I said I said before the weigh in, you know, before the uh the press conferences, this is going to be my best performance of my career. Now that was a stunning knockout. &gt;&gt; Did you feel the pressure after all the critics that you mentioned the pressure to shine tonight? &gt;&gt; I don't even feel pressure. I don't smell pressure. I don't know nothing about pressure. The world could be on my shoulders and there'll be nothing wrong with me. I car I'll carry the world on my shoulders. I ain't got no pressure whatsoever. All I know is I'm in the hands of Allah. I'm in the hands of Allah. Once I'm once I'm in the hands of Allah, there nothing going wrong with my career. You were breaking new ground in that corner tonight. You had Oscar Suarez doing the talking one round, then Emanuel Stewart the next round, but it worked. &gt;&gt; Did it work out? &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, check the the actual advice on the corner I got off Oscar was brilliant. The advice I got off Manet was brilliant. I did exactly what they told me to do. Uh, I just took my time and I took him out. Look it. The fourth round, nobody has him in trouble like that. Bunga in the fourth round. Now, &gt;&gt; he's never been stopped before. In fact, &gt;&gt; come on now. I want I want Mr. Dog. I I'm not going to call you killing box. I got to respect you tonight. I've always &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; I've always got respect for you. But tonight, this is how I'm going to treat it. I want everybody right to say what they said about Bungu before the fight. What a credible opponent. He's picked a very great guy. He's picked a very good consistent fighter, world champion. I mean, eight years running. No, what have they got to say? Come on. Give it up for the prince. Give it &gt;&gt; I think what they've got to say. What they've got to say, I think now, Naz, is they'd like to see you fight Eric Morales this August. Is it going to happen? &gt;&gt; I'd love to fight Eric Morales. You see me now. I'm learning and learning more. And you can see it now in the ring. You can see I mean, when was the last time you seen me throw body shots like that and take my time and then take somebody out with a straight left hand, clean, cold, stretch, getting somebody's hair, back of their hair dirty. What do you think the secret is? Because it seems to have taken you time to resettle after leaving the Sheffield camp with a new setup. Do you think now you're through that transition phase and moving on to some a different level again? &gt;&gt; I think I'm through that, but you know, I've still got a lot to learn. I've still got a lot to to settle more. Oscar Oscar Suarez finished training me in the slightest in what he's got to teach me. I've got loads of stuff more to learn. Manny Stewart has got loads more to teach me and I'm prepared to learn. That's the best thing about me. I'm willing to learn. But I want to say a big happy birthday to Omar. She's so beautiful. &gt;&gt; And I Mubarak to everybody who's out there who's a Muslim. Uh, what can I say? And I want to I want to thank my trainer Oscar Suarez for doing such a job on me in Tenneref altitude training. Manny Stewart, my brother Nibil, the hold of the camp, Maxi Muscle, Adidas, respect. I want to tell all the kids out there that all the kids out there that who's going to start wearing Adidas feel the force. &gt;&gt; Well done tonight, Naz. And good to see you right back to your best. Well done. &gt;&gt; Thank you very much. in Ambara Ambara. &gt;&gt; I wouldn't say he didn't cut him off there, but it could have continued for several hours, I think. Quite entitled to enjoy his moment of glory. It must be a wonderful feeling for him because he has been through the mill with the critics and he's enjoyed proving all the critics