Kind: captions Language: en Fighting out of Haryana, India, Nishant "The Devastator" Dev. [Music] Okay, gentlemen. Everything up here is going to be legal here. This is final, okay? You receive instructions from the tough clean fight. Give my commands all the time. Protect yourselves all the time. Touch him up. You can see the Olympic ring tattoo on Nishant Dev. He represented India in the 2024 Olympics. Lost controversially in the quarterfinal round against Marco Verde who was the eventual silver medalist, but Chris, like you said earlier, the entire country is behind this guy. They want a sports star in the fight sports. This could be their guy. &gt;&gt; Yeah, 1.4 billion people in India, Todd. You like that fact? I'm throwing that at you. It's true. And I know Matchroom I know Matchroom is hoping to unlock that population and make me a lot of Nishant Dev fans over there. So, they have high hopes for this young man. Todd Grisham, Chris Algieri, and Chris Mannix here ringside. The referee not ruling it a knockdown. There's a good left hand again from Nishant Dev. Well-timed overhand left there. He kind of smothered his punches there after Medina looked a little hurt. Showing your age there, Todd. Oh, good left there. Campos Medina got a little over aggressive and Dev made him pay. That's me, Todd. Where's Sergio when I need him? Uh he's my laugh track. Little jab there from Dev as blood continues to come out of the nose of Medina. Ooh, good uppercut from Medina on the inside and then a stiff right jab. &gt;&gt; That's the thing about a tall guy, you don't want to languish on the inside with a shorter man. Ooh, nice pick from the body there by Dev. That right hook around the elbow. [Applause] Chris Mannix Good body shot there. 10 seconds to go. That's what I want to see more from Nishant. &gt;&gt; Nice. Good uppercut there. That's a great shot. Well-timed Good work in round three from Dev. [Applause] Nice. Picking up where he left off. Going down to the body now. Ooh, nice uppercut to finish off that flurry. And whatever it was said in the corner appears to be working for Nishant Dev here in the fourth round. The body work is starting to take its toll on Campos Medina. You can see in his body language there, he's really starting to feel the effects of those body shots. And notice the distance that they're fighting at now. Blood all over the chest of Nishant Dev. Blood continue to pour out of the nose and the mouth it looks like now of Campos Medina. But can Dev get him out of there? That's the question. Campos Medina does look to be wilting under the pressure. And the heavy shots taking their &gt;&gt; going back downstairs and the referee taking a good look at Medina. I mean, how much abuse does he have to take? He lands one back there, but It's the kind of round if you're Nishant Dev, you want to go for a knockout. [Applause] Every punch that lands is affecting Campos Medina now. Especially the body shots. He's almost bending over. Not the most consequential of punches there on the inside. Just not getting any kind of extension on those shots. Like Chris has been saying, have that little half step back. See if you can land something big. What he was doing a couple rounds ago was actually pushing Campos Medina back cuz he's beating him to the body so so much that Campos Medina is having trouble holding his ground. Breaking position whenever that push is off. [Applause] And Medina trying to push the tempo a little bit. He's finding more success going forward and going backwards, that's for sure. He's slow. I think when Dev goes back and looks at this fight, he will see some missed opportunities. Fifth round here in the sixth round. Chances to get him out of there that he hasn't necessarily taken advantage of. And they exchange body punches. I mean, for me with the young fighters, it's always about that lead jab. You can make every fight a lot easier with that lead hand. Keeping that stick on your opponent, keeping them on the outside, especially when you have a height and reach advantage and skill and speed advantage the way that Dev does, you can really make fights easier. I think he's got every advantage possible except for maybe heart as Campos Medina showing plenty of it here. Heart and and professional experience. Campos Medina showing that he has the experience to survive. [Applause] That will do it. Nishant Dev surely will get his fourth win. And Juan Carlos Campos Medina goes the distance for our opening bout of the night. [Applause] Well, there was a very controversial decision earlier. Joshua Buatsi beating Zach Parker. Chris Mannix, any chance that Juan Carlos Campos Medina gets the decision here? &gt;&gt; I would say a 0% chance. Well, Todd, Nishant Dev didn't get the stoppage. Certainly has some things to work on, but he should walk away with a pretty clear shutout decision. Olympic silver medalist Ben Whittaker makes his Matchroom debut as the electrifying Brit steps up in class taking on Germany's hard-hitting Benjamin Gavazzi that Saturday, November 29th live from the National Exhibition Centre in Birmingham and globally on DAZN. And we have a bronze Olympic medalist coming up later on tonight. Amari Jones is right here in Orlando. And I know you expected a lot from Dev, a young fighter just coming up. What do you expect from Jones later tonight, Chris Mannix? &gt;&gt; You know, I I think again, I'd like to see some signs of improvement, which we've seen. He's fighting a durable guy who was brought in because he's been the 10-round distance a few times. That is the new challenge for Amari Jones as he has to work his way up these six, eight, 10-round fights. I think I need to run every day or what? David Diamante has the score cards. Let's see what they say. [Music] Ladies and gentlemen, after six rounds of action here in Orlando, we go to the judges' score totals. All three judges scored this bout identically 60 to 54 for your winner by unanimous decision. He's still undefeated, Nishant "The Devastator" Dev. Well, he wasn't really devastating, but he did dominate winning all the rounds and picking up his fourth pro victory as he beats Medina here in Orlando, Florida. As we jump into the highlights, Chris, if you're training Nishant Dev, what are you working on when you get back to the gym? A lot of things that we were talking about during the action. The staying long, using that lead jab, controlling your shorter opponents cuz at 6'1, you're going to be taller than most of the junior middleweights that you're going to face, especially early on in your career. But there were times where we saw that Dev was able to use that length, taking half steps back, firing with with good counters and combinations at mid range. When he controls that middle distance, he's a real problem. He's got fast hands, he's got heavy hands, and he lets them go in combination. I did see some things that I really liked. I saw him grow tonight. I saw him grow in confidence as the fight wore on. The pace was a little little little quick for him early, but then he took over in those middle rounds and showed dominance throughout. [Music] So, I'm sure we'll see Dev back in the ring sooner than later. They want to keep him moving, keep him busy as he continues to get some experience under his belt turning from amateur to pro.