Kind: captions Language: en Three fights, three victories, and all three wins coming by way of knockout. Here is the former amateur world champion and fivetime amateur national champion fighting out of Bristol, England, the star girl, Tia Mayon. May Eightton with a star girl &gt;&gt; competing in her first eight rounder this evening. Boxers, listen to my instructions at all times. Watch your heads. No low blows. When I say break, step back. Protect yourselves at all times. Touch gloves. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So much to like as you pointed out, Sunny, the controlled approach to each fight, but that fire, that desire to get the stoppage, look good. &gt;&gt; It's been so impressive. &gt;&gt; Forgot to go. Damn race. And &gt;&gt; he's going to need that. &gt;&gt; You would think so. Yeah, the first round of his eight round of the first of TMA aton's career. Straight on the front foot. &gt;&gt; Yeah, just touching the glove out, finding the range there. I like that tactic to start the fight from TMA Aton. already heard high praise not just from &gt;&gt; those around us but one of the most if not the most impressive female we've seen in a boxing ring Katie Taylor believes that she'll be the greatest ever managed by Brian Peters who also managed Katie Taylor in safe hands and it's just that that control that she has. It's so impressive. &gt;&gt; Oh, AND THERE'S THE POWER. WE TALK ABOUT THE CONTROL, the discipline, but that accuracy, that power is frightening, Sunny. Yeah, and I think she's definitely glad she got that gum shield in now after that right hand landed. That was sweet. That was clean. Straight on the chin of Mray from Aan there. And there's her shot. and back to being relaxed, back to being composed, not getting carried away, not getting excited with the big shots she just landed with. Very mature for her age. The footwork, the knowhow, the composure. Look at her face. She's not getting flustered. She's not getting carried away. Still so young, only 19, but the power is just frightening, as I say. &gt;&gt; Yeah, very calm. almost ice cold demeanor about Eton. She's she's a born fighter. She doesn't feel out of place. She hit the professional scene like took it to like a a duck to water. She hasn't felt or looked or seemed out of her comfort zone at any point thus far. What a great opening round from Aan there. &gt;&gt; More has never been hit like that. &gt;&gt; Round two. He's done a lot of top class sparring as well and speak to Sky Nicholson. He's done some rounds with TR and really really rates her and rates her chances to go all the way in the sport alongside Katie Taylor. You can see there she has a nice knack, doesn't she? Sonia just taking a little step out of range and countering with that lovely left hook. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's almost like she's triggering. She's waiting for that big swing from Morray and she's moving out the way every single time of it, making a miss wildly and she's counting where she can. Her opponent's being a bit wild, so she's not trying to just let let her shots go every single time. I know she's not trying to get caught, get caught with anything silly, but good work here pushing her opponent back into the corner. Balance is very good as well. She just dips the knees and she'll fire that right hand over the top. &gt;&gt; Doesn't waste much at all. Accuracy on point. Don't show it. Don't show it. &gt;&gt; From the Golden Girl tournament in Sweden, &gt;&gt; under 19 world champion, as I say, never suffered defeat. Amateur &gt;&gt; or obviously pro. Only three fights in first on the scene. It was a brutal pro debut stopping Sara Oagi who we see go the distance from Maisy Rose Courtney. Second fight was a four round disruption. the French woman Lindy Bak previously had never been stopped and we're seeing again TMAN just going through the gears letting heavy shots go to head and body. &gt;&gt; You can see the frustration her opponent here really trying to make the fight a bit more physical, a bit more wild and aggressive. Soon as she's missing the shot, she's putting her head down. &gt;&gt; They're short shots as well. She's falling onto him, Maurice. But they're so impressive. &gt;&gt; You don't feel like she has enough space to find the shot, but she somehow just screws the little right hands and left hooks through. And she manages to take a head off the center and get away of trouble. Aton Moras. She has been a little clumsy at times. A little obvious with her shots again on the center of the ring. &gt;&gt; Them heads coming together again there. See a bit of reening on the forehead of Aton. I think it was from the heads right. Must have been. I'm not a shot. &gt;&gt; She's not got close to landing a shot. &gt;&gt; And again, those wild right hands. I don't think at mind them. &gt;&gt; No, cuz you can see them coming. So, she can just Oh, but there's one just as we say that one landed. I don't know if it got real good connection or maybe it was on the arm, but another right hand landed or thrown. Sorry. Oh, that's a nice right hand followed up by another one, two. But you can see the tactics here of the Mrage really just trying to smother and negate anything Tia can do when she gets close by being very rugged with her body. &gt;&gt; Me and Jamie Ward had a sit down at one of the press conference. That was a nice right uppercut from Ma. We sat down with TMA press. Oh, right hand lands again on the top of the head. The legs look outstanding on top of the head as I say and she's a very good finisher. Another right hand out for the guard of THE RACE. REALLY IMPRESSIVE. She looks badly hurt the Brazilian who FALLS AGAIN TO THE CANVAS. SHE IS NOT MAKING this count. &gt;&gt; Ladies and gentlemen, referee Amy Pooh reaches the count of 10 at 1 minute and 26 seconds of round number three, declaring your winner by knockout. She's still undefeated. The star girl, Tia Mayan. &gt;&gt; Okay, Tia, we are live on the zone. We'll bring you straight in here as we just conclude the prelims in true style. There you go. You're looking the part uh in the ring. T that was so impressive. 40, four knockouts. How do you sum that one up here tonight? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it was a great experience. This um opponent was a lot more game coming at me and everything, but I think I like fighting people want to come at me more cuz they walk into my shots and that happens. &gt;&gt; Had a down in the first round, but took your time. Was that perhaps down to not just the experience you've picked up so far through the four fights, but the fact you had the eight rounds to play with as well? &gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely. I had eight rounds and also I've had like 8week training camp, so I don't want to waste it all in one round. Might as well get the rounds and get the experience. &gt;&gt; It's gone fast, hasn't it, since you made your professional debut a little bit earlier on this year? How do you reflect on the last six months or so as a pro? &gt;&gt; Uh, my life has been amazing since being a pro. I like love being with Matt Trum and everything's such a good experience and hopefully 2026 can be the same. &gt;&gt; Listen, Katy Taylor said you're the future face of women's boxing. The praise doesn't come much bigger than that. Darren Barker on commentary there saying, "Look, I'm not getting it carried away. We're looking at a superstar here." What does that do to your mindset this early on? &gt;&gt; Um, I think it's very good for me and I think it just shows everyone that when I tell you all that I'm going to be undisputed world champion in four categories, you can all start could believe them. &gt;&gt; We're just speaking to the team. team there. Look, still only 19 years old. Big fights to come in 2026, but they're looking maybe at the domestic scene, winning that British title outright, making more history. What's in your mind for the next 12 months? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I want to win the British title and defend it three times so I can keep it and then hopefully fight for like a world title. &gt;&gt; Do you believe you, look, you've been nice and active this year. Do you believe tiering you could be a world champion in 2026 if we ask you now? &gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely. I think I could just take all them belts straight off that sugar leaks. and a good little pocket of support as well in here for you tonight. Come down from Bristol. A final message to those who came out tonight. &gt;&gt; Thank you everyone. I love you all.