Kind: captions Language: en [Applause] from the old to London. Let's get this party started. [Music] Now making his way to the ring, the former twotime world champion David Hey Maker Hey. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Next time around I'm going to be faster. I'm going to come harder. I'm doing everything humanly possible to make sure that there is no there is revenge. [Music] And now making his entrance to the ring, please welcome Anthony Bomber. [Music] didn't fail. He failed miserably. I just can't accept that I've beat him. I was just that determined horrible man. And that belong to any level of physics. He's not going to win. He cannot beat me. Hey, has the headphones on. Here comes Belle. Are you enter? Are you not in the game? Is that why you here? Here. Here. Here. [Applause] [Music] Thank you. [Applause] [Music] The familiar appetizer to the now infamous ring walk for Liverpool's popular proud old-fashioned character and fighter Tony Value. [Music] The blue Mercy who's done it all his own way. Boyed by his beloved Goodison support. From perennial underachiever to exciting world cruiserweight king to his defining night 14 months ago. He was written off. [Music] Now he's here to prove the boogies wrong all over again. [Music] [Applause] [Music] What an incredible atmosphere and a fascinating tail of the tape. Both 63 both lighter than last time. Hey 1510 about what he weighed against John Ruiz all those years ago and Belleu 154 he's come in. Hey, with the reach and you'd have thought the power advantage, but what about the physicality and all those problems in a career that goes right back to 2002. So fewer rounds boxed as well because of the dynamite power and David Haye is the odds on favorite and the bookies believe it will be by knockout. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the O2 Arena here in London where tonight, will it be revenge, will it be repeat as Eddie Hearn for match Room boxing along with haymaker Ringstar Sports proudly presents the main event of the evening live on Sky Sports box office. 12 rounds of boxing in the heavyweight division. Sponsored by William Hill, Voltel, World of Tanks, and JD Sports. sanctioned by the British Boxing Board of Control. President and Stewart in charge for this contest, Charles Giles. Timekeeper at the bell, Brett BS. The three judges scoring, Ian John Lewis, Victor Laughlin, and Terry O' Conor. And inside the ring, in charge of the action at the bell, your referee, Howard Foster. And now the fighters are in the ring and they are ready. The officials are ready. Boxing fans, are you ready? For the thousands in attendance and the millions watching around the world, ladies and gentlemen, let's get ready to rumble. [Applause] Introducing first, fighting out of the red corner with his trainer, Ismael Salas. He's wearing white with the Union Jack trim. 6'3. Official weight 15 stone 10 lb 2 oz. His professional record 28 victories including 26 wins by knockout with three defeats. from London, the twotime world champion, former undisputed cruiserweight world champion, and former heavyweight champion of the world, David Haymaker. Hey. And across the ring, fighting out of the blue corner with his trainer, Dave Caldwell, wearing blue with gold stars, he stand 63 and officially weighed at 15 stone 4 oz. At the professional 29 victories, including 19 knockouts, only two defeats. The fighting bride of Liverpool, WBAC cruiserweight world champion Anthony Bomber. [Music] [Applause] A red hot rematch. [Applause] You both expect keep it clean. Great straight away and toe. Both watch your head in close. Good luck to you both clubs. Go lads. One of the most compelling returns of recent years. A narrative that has brought venom and vicious blows in and out of the ring. The most unlikely of heavyweight dance partners go to war all over again. Tony Belu predicts it'll be even more emphatic and that he will close the curtain on David Haye's career forever. Hey says he feels brilliant. Is the body beautiful? Still up to the demands. And what tactics in this sizzling cauldron car? Well, we wait to see how they open up early on. David Hay looking for the sharp jab. I'm expecting a nice counter jab, a right hand from B on his back foot. You don't want to give David Hay too much of the early charge. David Hay just letting a few shots go there and backing up. They will have a look at each other, but make no mistake, when they're in range, they will try to land heavy blows. The jabs from Belleu trying to get hold of the middle of the ring. You see Hay already starting to use the jab a lot more than he did in the first fight. Belle being tactical like we expected. Crucial looking at David Haye's legs as well and how they go in the first couple of rounds. How much spring in the step, injuryfree, he says. the ruptured Achilles, the fighter, all the problems, the rumors about how much sparring he's done. We're hearing in the last 24, 48 hours, quite a bit he has. So, timing, boy, that's crucial. The scoring for the timing, and if he's been doing the amount of rounds that his team say he's been doing, then his timing should be on point. And he's landed a couple of nice looking jabs early on here. He's jabbing to the body, picking away the body, then stabbing up to the head of Tony Bellow. He's had a bit of success with that jab here earlier. David Hay sort of trying to take control behind that jab. Nice right hand as well, Paul. Yeah, try to time that over the top of the jump. Losing balance there, Belle. It's a sharp start this from David Haye. Yes, good working a couple of hooks there and just sort of pushed Tony Bell off balance, but looking like he's just trying to take control here early on. David marking up under the left eye of Bellow who tries to get his own jab going right now. Nobody's laying the big shot yet. You can tell they're both probing with that jab. They're both trying to snap that jab and seeing if the other one loses positioning on the jab. Legs look good to me. Honey, both guys legs seem good right now. When you're looking for the jab, when these guys are both trading jabs, is you're trying to see if it makes the other guy make a wrong move. And if it does, you can follow with a big right hand. Right now, the sharp jabs are basically a protection punch to see and control the other guy. Battle of the jabs. There he is. Good work from Belle. Nice right hand by committing himself as well. Car. Yes, he's committing. You know, out of the two, Teddy Bell you've got to say, looks sharper. When he lets his shots go, there seems to be more sting and more speed on those shots. David Haye doesn't look that comfort. I know it's very early, but he doesn't look that comfortable. stuck in mud ever so slightly day. Good right hand there. No problem though for Tony Benn who looks at him as if to say that's not a problem for me to run with it but it's a good shot to impress the judges big now listen to me just like that listen but not yet not yet but not yet because that's what you want so crucial in the corner last time just a little mark Haye's right eye. Who won that first one? Well, for me there wasn't much in it. It's only better looking shot when he worked, but David Hay peppered away the body with that jab and he had some decent. So, I got to give that one to David. Yeah, I see that right hand at the end. Didn't land clean. I thought belly rode with it, but it was a good it was a good shot that got the crowd and the judge's attention. I thought Nick did at the end with that shot. Otherwise, a battle of the jabs. And still, obviously, nobody's going to stop believing they can win the fight after that round. Second round, the blue evertonian shorts of Tony Bellow with Ashley, his friend, and his partner Rachel's brother who tragically lost his life in blazing on his shorts here, Tony Bellow. had such a difficult 2017 and this rematch was meant to happen just before Christmas. He pulled out four weeks before with a problem with his bicep as Bellow piles in a right hand here at the start of the second. Yeah, good good counter combination by Belu. A body shot and the right hand over the top. That's right. David Haye didn't really see that one coming. He kind of rode it last minute. Looking at David Haye's posture and the fact that he's walking forward and he's quite flatfooted. I think he's got one thing on his mind. He's trying to get in range and land something big. I think when he one thing he's got to do though, he's got to cut the ring off a little bit better on Belleu. Bellow is able to circle around and find the spaces. Well, if Tony Belle if he's looking for that big right hand Tony can box and move and enjoy himself in there early on. Underrated boxing ability Tony Bellow as well. He was a brilliant amateur and he found himself in the light heavyweight division for too long. He's looked rejuvenated up at cruiserweight. And this is really two big cruisers or small heavyweights. He's got best weights are probably at cruiserweight. Actually, they just happen to be meeting a heavyweight. I like some fan. There's a couple things by by you out of position. combinations from Hoe. A bit sloppy the way he fell in, but he's not as gung-ho as he was first time around. Still looking to hurt Bellow early with that right hand. Yeah, he's trying to set up the shots. Body shot as well from Haye. Belly keeping cool, Carl. Yes, very cool. He's He's almost waiting. Po. He's looking to see what David Haye's got. Hey is loading up ever so slightly. He threw a bit of a clumsy right hand to the body and fell in with that. looking for a big shot there and landing to the belly of Romano. Yeah, found the right hand and look at Belleu. That's the fat scaler. Come on then. Let's have some weird he's got his weight on his front foot. So, I don't know how much lever he's able to get on that right hand if he's not it's not transferring the weight from his back foot. Really looking for the big shot here. David Haye planting his feet as I said earlier. He's looking to land a big right hand. make no mistake, but Tony Bennu seems comfortable enough with it. As how long can David Haye keep this going, I'm not so sure. Good point from Pauly there. A lot of weight on the front foot, not the back. That was the right that was ruptured last time. Is he treading delicately with that? Benny comes in with a right hand, just starting to open up a bit more. And it could also just be a habit that he's been training with the injury, so he got used to putting away on the front foot and now it's kind of a habit that he hasn't got away from. Ishmael Salah in the corner alongside Ruben and Jimmy. Too many in the ringow. No pressure. Ruben is getting out. All right, doctor's gone in there. [Music] Howard has gone over now. Now you can do it. All right. The excellent Shane Mcwigan. Last time, coach David Haye. This time he's turned to Ishmile Salah. Round three. [Applause] Third round, eagerly anticipated rematch here at the OT where they met in March 2017. Wind forward 14 months and a lot of frustration in there. They came to blows a little bit at the press conference on Thursday. They were ready to fight then. Now it's happening. Who's got the early advantage, Paul? I thought the last right last round a good right hand by Hey again just just nicked the front. I've got a two very close rounds for Hey to zero, but again they're so close that clearly just has not stopped believing in himself and he probably won't anytime soon. Well, I agree that he may have just hit them two first two rounds, but he was trying a lot harder and he's used a lot more energy than Tony Balu to get them wins. I'm worried for David Haye in terms of how long can he keep this going. Tony Belleu now starting to apply the pressure. I'm not sure if David Haye can stay with him. It's only early, but I'm seeing signs of David Hayes almost age and the extra weight in there sort of just slowly making a telling here early on evading punches and again says is that all you've got very relaxed looking pad and he's done it once he says he'll do it quicker this time more emphatically break down pay with body shots. He said to us this week, he'll take it slowly and he'll look for a late finish. Well, Tony Bry looks to me like the one that's taking it slowly and taking his time. He's not rushing in with anything. He's not making any mistakes. He's not rounding the bank for him. He's just falling short on the scorecard in my opinion. But this is good work from Tony Bell cuz he's making Hay work. I'm trying to figure out exactly what the plan is so far. You know, Haye kind of backs up Bell to the ropes but doesn't really do a lot. is not cutting off the ring. He's kind of just happy to take these jabs and hope that an opening creates itself. But you got to you got to be able to create the opening for yourself. And Belu is kind of doing the same thing. He kind of backs up and then all of a sudden he'll come out with a shot or two like that. Whipping a body shot in Tony Belleu who is fresher of course has real momentum too. That wonderful night when he beat Macau at Everton. PJ Flores, David Haye, he's the one in real form. I think right now they're just kind of like going through the motions with these jabs and seeing if anything opens up, but not a lot of creativity from either guy as far as to open up these things. Let's see as Alar's progress. I think David Hay realizes as he backs up Tony Belle, he's in front of a very good car to punch up. Missing quite a while getting through with 15 seconds left in the third. Right through for Tony Boo. Wonderful defense and he found a shot that shake up the hay maker. The bell's going to come inside down for the second time and David Hay in Dra and his career is in jeopardy. Here's where you look. I think the bell has come in as well. David Haye's saved back to his corner down twice. Is it the end for Hey, Paul? Well, that's what we've been talking about all week when it gets to a dark place. When the fight goes to a dark place, how is Hay going to react? The fight just went to a dark place for Hay and the next round will be crucial. Here's the exchange of how it starts over here. They kind of swing wildly and jump in if you want. Well, David really went for it. He back to Tony Bellow, but he was missing and then he got counter punched. And you see these shots here, the left hook and the right hand clean on David Haye's chin. But as he drops to the floor, I'm not 100% sure we'll do when he stands up. And it looks like his ankle is damaged again. Here's the second knockdown again. Right now, he's still hurt. And Bellow's able to land those bomber shots. And he's hitting hooks to the top of Hay's head. He went down to the Linger early in his career with shots like that. Disorientating ones. And this is this is what I talked about earlier in the week where I was really curious. He's going to swing, but Ben's got the accuracy. He's right leg again from Hay and Tony Bennu stands on the verge very early in the fourth and repeat here. And as Hay finds something quickly. Yeah, David Hay really struggling here with his balance. Something's definitely going on with that right leg. Tony Benny really looking to finish this fight as early as he can. And then Hay finding it very difficult to match him with anything. And if you can't get a push off that back foot, it's it's hard to get explosiveness on your punches. Oh, good shot. Great for Benny. And again, Hay is just taking these punches. And the reflexes are not what they once were. The punches are wider. The reflexes are in the air. Big shots from Tony Barry. He's stepping in range. It's not going to be long before he lands something that's going to be devastating. David Haye hanging on by the skin of his teeth here. He showed immense heart last time, David Haye, but this is a real crisis and it's much earlier and Belle looks so strong and confident and also with his punches with David Haye's punches. His feet don't follow his punches. So he's throwing shots from out of range. Good on good combination by big go from Hey, but hey those big shots. His feet don't follow with him. So he's in he's reaching and he's coming up short and he's punching wide. His legs are just not there. Is it the 37 and 12y old body that just can't do what he once did? I think unfortunately that's exactly what it is. It's that age catching all of him. His body's broken down. We've seen it before and we've seen it again here. Tony Belleu still has to be cautious because Dave Haye really looking for a shot. Blood from the nose of Belleu. But how David Haye needs one of those hay makers now to turn this around. Big shot for Bellow again. Great accuracy and he suddenly looks the puncher in there. Balu has to cut the ring off right now. When he's got his pe backing up, he's got to cut the ring off and put that mental pressure along with the physical pressure. He's having real trouble when he's clipped on the top of the head here. David H. See right there comes off the ring there. He just did it a little bit. He comes off the ring. He's going to put heavy in a lot of pressure under a lot of dessert. Yeah, good work from Tony back to David. Almost hits him at will here. He's got to be careful, but he's almost hitting Hay. They're shaking his head as if to say and he's talking to him now as well. Belu and saying no way. And Haye's trying to dig deep here. Back down on that gum shield. The right hand just about squeaks through. But he needs more than that, Paul. Yeah, that looks confident. He's walking him down feeling like he's the boss. And Pay looks in that panicky look. Now they'll be working in the Bernie B to the head. It's brilliant so far from the Ber [Applause] [Music] [Applause] deep breath in that corner. The first knockdown. And did the legs the right foot just go again awkwardly? tell you just doesn't look like it was ever 100%. I mean, it was probably why he started this fight on his front foot anyway because David Hayes stance is not to be a front foot heavy guy. And there screaming in pain. There were rumors he went to Germany to maybe see a specialist this week, but he's been saying absolutely all that he's been 100% fine. Is it just something he's never going to recover from? No, I mean the shown before that he's just past that point now going return. He's probably can't do this high impact sport, you know. So, what are you going to do? Say you're injured going into the fight so your opponent knows. You're never going to say that. I remember early in my career, I used to fight with her hands. I used to go into fights with it. I know when my hands were injured, I would tell everybody I was fine. So, you know what is Hay going to do if he's injured going into the fight, tell everybody he's injured and he's just not going to do that anyway. And I don't know if he was injured more so than he was not fully recovered because he came out gingerely regardless. He had his weight on his front foot. And that's not a David Hay stance to have his weight on his front foot. He had that from the start from round one. Tony Balu seeking out victory number 30 and if he can repeat that which he looks at the moment on course to do it will be some story. He starred in a rocky film and it's just getting even better for Tony Bellow in the Indian summer of his career but still David Hayes in front of him and he's got that power 26 knockouts to possibly turn it on its head. Well, Tony Bellow here realizing and he knows the boxing. He knows the game. He's realizing that he still has to be cute. He has to be careful. Still quite early on. Although David Haye showed signs of deterioration, he's been in trouble. Belle's breathing heavy in that last round and he realizes that Hay still very dangerous. So just taking his time here. Bellow going to pick his shots and look for a counter punch. I mean Bellow has had the professional approach both in the first and second fight, you know, and even now he's not getting reckless knowing he's landed the big shots. He knows. He knows the danger David Hay still poses. Well, he's really boxing to Dave Cornwell's plan, isn't he? Nice right hand there. And when they get close, Bellow's speed, his extra zip is there for all to see. Yeah, not quite sure about David Hayes right leg. And what's wrong with it? It looks like maybe a partial tear on that right leg again. Maybe the cru maybe the um Achilles tendon as before. It's not hanging like it did last time. He's it's it's certainly bothering him, but nowhere near like before. So, he has to be careful. You see on those jabs, he's got to push off the back foot. It's hard to do. Oh, that's a shot from Tony Benny. And that was a really heavy pull from Hey in the fifth round. Down for the third time in the fight. And the legs are very bendy. He wants to go on. He says, "Come on." David Hay showing immense bravery. He's got to hold. He's got to hold it now. I don't think he should be brave. I think he's just hold. It is repeat to Tony Benu. He does it all over again and true to his word, he does it quicker. And the bomber wins the day. It is earlier. It is more emphatic. And it is surely the end for David Haye who went out on his shield. So brave and in tears with the emotion from Tony Bellow who gets it absolutely right. It was beautiful boxing from Bellow who took his opportunities and he broke down David Haye again. And there's the respect between them. Well, everybody was talking before this fight if David Haye's body could cope with the pressure of this high intense sport. And we found out this evening that it couldn't. Take nothing away from Tony Belleu. That that was a clinical, brilliantly thought out plan and performance. Well executed by Tony Belleu. Very disciplined. Both showing both poise and discipline in the first and second fight. Belu never looked like he lost control. Never looked like he was dominating early on, but he let the openings come and when they did, he took advantage. He's incredible, this guy. He really is. He's been an underdog pretty much all the way through. He's told us he was down at times in his career, now he's lighting up his sport for his family. And after all the difficulties he's he's had out of the ring, that Carl would have meant the absolute world to him. This is his career summed up. Tony Belu the ever the underdog. People put doubts in him his whole career and he would have had doubts himself, little demons in his mind thinking, can I do this? Can I pull it off again? Is David Hay going to rekindle that whole flame, but he stuck with it. He kept believing and this is lovely to see both of these athletes coming together in this manner after the first needle and the first buildup to embrace in this way is fantastic to see. That's what sport is. That's what sport is. They say rematches often go the same way and often more impressively. We've had ones that have gone into trilogies. There will be no trilogy this time. It is Tony Bellow who like Steve Collins did to Chris Eubank and then Collins did to Nigel Ben. The end of their careers. It's a younger man sport. He's only 35. Tony Bellow. He's been around forever, but his freshness and his momentum and his quality boxing tonight, hats off to him. Really, really good performance. I mean, he took his time. He was in front of a dangerous David Haye early on. As the fight progressed, obviously, he became weaker. He became more fragile, but he still carries that punch and Bellow just kept in control, kept confident, picked some lovely, accurate, heavy blows. David Haye didn't give up easy. He got hit hard and that's the effect when Tony Belleu lands them bombs. David Haye is stopped for the third time in a career back to 2002. And Tony Melu's got out of the ring and he's celebrating with Anthony Joshua, his friend who's been right behind him. And it really is a wonderful night. For Liverpool, for the underdog, for Tony Belle, it is repeat. And it is repeat big time. AJ will be delighted. I know you're a good friend of Tony Bellows and you were totally split and you thought they had a real chance in this. You know, we've known them both for such a long time. tonight. Belleu got it so right. Well, it's so easy to get drawn in by by the hype that surrounds David Haye and he's saying he's back, but you see there from Dave from Tony Fenu landing that left hook on on David Haye and the effects of that punch. And look at the improper fundamentals by Hey, he's throwing his hook, but he's going backwards. Belle push his weight forward. When you're going to exchange hooks, you have to keep your weight on that front foot. Hey, he's trying to get out of the way and throw a left hook at the same time. If you're going to exchange left hooks, you want to keep it in tight. Hey opened up too much as he pulled back out as he's trying to throw that hook and that's why was able to keep it shorter and land his. Tony has said all the way through, David Haye is a much better fighter, a much better champion, but I've always got his number. He's been convinced about it. He said styles make fights. He said he couldn't do it last time and he will not do it again. And although David made quite a positive start really the legs betrayed him, the ankle didn't stay up. But I think it was more than that. I think it is Tony Belly who deserves the praise tonight. He does. He's been honest all the way though, Tony. He said that David Haye isn't the fighter he used to be. Still dangerous. He can still catch me. He can still hurt me. But he's he's a machine that's broken and cannot be fixed. And that's what we saw tonight. That's definitely the end of David Haye. But Tony Bellow still had to put in a really good performance. And that he did. And he deserves his accolades. He really does. Father time catches up unfortunately poorly with all you fighters. And there's a man in his prime, Anthony Joshua. Listen to the reception he's getting. There will be no Joshua. Hey, there'll be no Joshua Bellow cuz they're great buddies. Where on earth does the Tony Bellow story book go from here? Quite incredible. He's done it again. Little and large. Dave Cowwell, Eddie Hearn, Tony Bellow, and his fans. And it's his night. Wow. And hats off to David Haye for all the excitement he's given us and the thrills even in his last stand. Blew to Hey nil. It is repeat and it is emotional. [Applause] And there's the embrace from the two friends, AJ and Velu. Velu may be campaigning at heavyweight now, but there's no there's no aim for Anthony Joshua. Well, Bel has been talking about maybe fighting AJ, but it's not going to happen. There's the passion. There's what it meant to this man. It is repeat. And when he wakes up tomorrow morning, I think it may be slowly start to sink in. But at the minute he's overwhelmed with emotion. I don't think you can quite take any of this in. What's happened in the last couple of years? Tony Belleu, hold your head high. What a fighter. Ladies and gentlemen, the question was, will it be revenge or repeat? And the answer came at 2 minutes 14 seconds of round number five as referee Howard Foster calls a halt to this bout. The answer repeat and the winner by TKO victory, the fighting pride of Liverpool, Tony. [Music] It's mad. It's crazy. Anthony Joshua literally screaming at Tony Balu behind us. This is going to be some interview with Andy Scott. Tony Bal, you said it would be repeat. It is. Be quicker as well. It is repeat. If there were any questions after the first fight, does this answer them all? I just want to say first and foremost, I lost my brother-in-law in August and his dad's here tonight and his two other brothers. And I gave an empty seat, mate. And I swear to God, he was sitting here watching me tonight. I know he was. So, Ashley Roberts, I miss you more than life itself. And I swear, kid, that every punch I threw was with you. So, that's for me, brother-in-law, Rachel. I'll see you tomorrow, babe, at the airport. I'll be there to pick it up. Was that on your mind coming in? All the way through. All the way through. I've been on me own in the hotel. Gary usually stays with me in the hotel room and I've been on me own all week and each night I've cried on on the nights when I've been on me own. So I'm a bit emotional now, but alls I think about is him. He's been on me since August and I just miss him so much. I I don't cry in front of Mes. I try and hide it. But you know what? I'm broke, lad. I'm just broke. Beautiful words. So, you banned your children and your partner Rachel, your wife, but you banned them from tonight. Have you got a message? Cuz I'm sure that they'll be watching. I love you so much, Evina. I do this for them. So, listen, David Haye is an amazing fighter. Take nothing away. He just got into a slugfest tonight. And we ate each other. I was hurt in that fight. He's got crazy power, but I I did say from the start with his style, age does play a factor. Speed and timing decreases with age. Power doesn't. But I take nothing away. He goes down a better fighter than me. He's a better fighter. He's a legend of the sport. He's been great. So, I'm just happy I've won, man. It's against all the odds again. How does this one compare to the first one? It's still the same. Nothing compares to Goodson Park, but I I'm just I'm I'm happy. I'm You know what, mate? I'm happy I'm safe cuz you know, tonight I seriously came to this ring and I was willing to just be finished in this ring off cuz the my the state of mind I've been in. I've cried, mate, every night this week on me own in that hotel room and I I'm I'm struggling, man. I'm struggling bad, but I've done it and that's all that matters. Is there some relief that the the Belleu Hey chapter in your book is over? It's over. It's over. I've always admired David. He's always been a legendary fighter, but Styles make fights. I've always said it and my fat ass just keeps harping on with the same stuff. But listen, these have all been great. I you've come out and you've paid to see us. So, thank you. Thank you. It's a you've been amazing. I don't care whether you're boo, whether you call me bell end, whether you call me wanker. Thank you cuz you paid and I appreciate every single one of you. Apologies for the language there. What's next for this self-proclaimed flat flat scaler? Is it back down to cruiser? Come over here, you cuz you've got a little cheeky smile on your face. I know you've got a plan. So, do you want to tell them what your plan is? I don't know what it is because my plan is just I don't know. Every day I don't know what I'm going to do. First of all, I want to thank the staff of Muryfield Hyperbotic Chamber. Thank you. You've been amazing. Dave Okco and the family. Thank you very much. It's been a great journey, but I don't know where it's going to go now. Who do we Who do you want? Who do you want? Who just want to see me fight? Who next? Who? I don't know. Do you want to fight the winner of the World Boxing Super Series at Cruiserweight? Do you want to fight a heavyweight world champion? Do you can you can you do heavyweight? I'm a walking super series. Every fight I mean's like the goddamn super series. Dillian White, Joseph Parker. Ah, you know what? Me Dylan have had a few words over the years and Dylan's a good fighter, man. Dylan's a hard fight. But what? It's for really for nothing. I need a world title or I need a big huge name. Dylan done great last time out. Beat Lucas Brown. Done well. But listen, I need a mega star. Who have you got for me, Ed? Promoter Eddie Hearn. What's next? Tell us. Tell us a name. He's desperate for a name. You can boo me all you want tonight. I don't care. You know what, guys? What about Andre Ward? Andre Ward. Poundforound. Kingman, Usyk, Gasv, Ward, you name him. And I just keep beating them. So just give me someone. Not bad for a little fat mouthy scouseer. Eddie, who who who's next? Andre Ward. They're both stars of the Creed movie. This is like a real life Rocky movie. Can you Do you want to make that fight? He seems retired, but m I have no idea and I have no interest in even talking about it. Tonight is about one man, actually. Two men. Tony Belleu, I don't know where he come from. We gave him a world title shot at Goodison Park. He won it. If anyone knew the pain and suffering that he's been through in the buildup to this fight to even make it into the ring, you should admire this man inside and out the ring. And I'd like to say as well to David Haye, he's been an icon of British boxing and he showed plenty of plenty of heart tonight to keep getting up and keep trying. He didn't want to give up. But I'll tell you something now, this man, he can fight, but he's got one hell of a heart. I trust me. And um I know Liverpool's very proud of him. Britain should be proud of him. I don't know where the journey goes, but it's going to be a lot of fun. My toughest fight gets off a plane at half one to monitor to try and convince air I can carry on now. That's a real fight. That's a fight I can't win. So Ra, can I carry on, babe? Cuz that's all that really matters. Yeah, good luck with that. David, you've waited patiently. Thank you so much. Your immediate reaction to that, it was repeat. It wasn't reverse. Yeah, Tony boxed a great fight. He really did, you know, done some uh really clever stuff in there. You know, I couldn't get I couldn't quite get off. He was he was a boxer very good, you know, and I and I didn't. Plain and simple. You had no excuses last time. You almost went out your way to make no excuses. But were you injured this time coming in? Listen listen Tony was a better man. He boxed a great great game plan and I couldn't quite get to it. I couldn't quite make it happen. And uh you know you know every everything happens for a reason and he's victorious tonight cuz he he was a better boxer. You thought you were fit enough to beat him? Yeah, I thought I thought I was going into the fight but as it turned out I wasn't. you know, he's a great champion and um you know, I en I enjoy the battle as as as tough as it was. You sometimes you get a nemesis. You know, Tony Bell is definitely my nemesis. We're a similar stature, similar size. You know, we both we both throw hell for leather and that's why we jelled to make such such a fun fight. You've achieved most boxers, most professional boxers dreams, but is this the end? Um I don't know. It didn't feel that great in there tonight. You know, I'll have to review review the tapes and uh see exactly uh what went wrong. But, you know, Tony Belly boxed a fantastic fight, strategic. You know, Dave Cowell, I gave him stick in the leadup, but you know, he's a great coach, great man. And uh it's it's all fun really. But, you know, Tony Bell, you know, hat off to him, box to box, great fight, and I didn't plain and simple. You know, maybe, you know, uh after get after having these rounds, you know, get back getting back in there and just keeping the momentum going, maybe I'll put on a better performance. But yeah, as of tonight, I was bettered by the better man, Tony Bellow. So, congratulations, Tony. You got us a great fight. Thank you for being so gracious in defeat. Thank you for waiting around. Do you want to give a do you want to give a message to these fans? They're still the home favorite. Yeah. I hope everybody enjoyed the night. Myself and Tony Bell put it on the line as you said. We weren't trying to no kill the clock. We were going for the knockout from the start. And you know, when you get two fighters like myself and Tony, you no matter how many times you fight, we're going to you're going to get fireworks. You're going to get magic. And I hope everybody enjoyed the night. This is entertainment at the end of the day. So, as long as everybody had had fun and enjoyed themselves, you know, it's all I'm happy. You know, I would prefer to get the win, but you know, I'm happy that you guys have it's entertainment. So, I hope everyone had a good night. I just wonder, you've had your knockers in your career for injuries, for toes, but these two fights, you've you've seem to have dug your toes in and been braver than you've ever been in your career. Yeah, you know, it comes to a stage where you you you've got to just let your your fist do the talking. And tonight, I tried to, but it wasn't it wasn't good enough. And um you know I you know as crazy as it was I enjoyed being in the heat of the battle. I enjoyed in there tonight. It didn't go my way but you know I enjoyed you know because it's been such a long time since I've actually been in there throwing bombs with someone and uh you know who better do it than the bomber himself. Last one. I don't want to push it on you. Are you injured as we stand here now? Are you injured? No. I'm I'm I'm fully healthy. Tony was a better fighter. He did what he needed to do to get the win. So uh taking nothing away from Tony Belleu. Better man on the night. And uh you know I'll have to review the review the fight, review the tape and see see exactly where wrong. But what it feels like went wrong was Tony was better tonight. Well said and commiserations. Thank no problem. Purple.