Kind: captions Language: en You've had your instructions. You know what I expect of you. Follow my instructions at all times. Keep it clean and remember, defend yourselves at all times. Twist them up. Vicious verbals, the tensest of faceoffs, even the old stray punch and the unacceptable comment. Now the wall of noise comes from the crowd as these two rely on their fighting fists and ring towards glory and massive bragging. writes, "David Hay says it will be a demolition." Tony Bellow feels the Hay Maker quits. 18 wins in three rounds for Hay. 18 knockouts for Tony Bellow. Power of plenty. It has to be explosive. I feel like I'm going to explode. I'm so tense. I'm on the edge of my seat just anticipating what's going to happen. Tony B just needs to look and go for it. There they are. Benny with a left hand as comes in a good old ch anything. David Hay closed the gap there. Tony looking a bit scruffy and scuffful. They came together and landed I'm sure left hook up there to knock David Hay back and give him something to think about early on. Left from H. Okay, back comes Bennu. This from Hay and Benu's chin is holding up under the early onslaught. This is fascinating by he throws that jab to the stomach as a fake shot and then he tries to use as a decoy and then he'll come with the same left hand with a hook to the head. So just counter punch in there from Tony B on his back foot with the right hand. Yeah. And he seems like he's ready for that hook cuz he's he's tried it a few times now. Car points from Baron. out of range with a jab there, David Haye as he tries to take the fight right to men who's got that extra reach advantage. Remember, both fighters have been down a few times in their careers. So, what happens right sweet counter from Tony Benn on his back foot as David comes forward. He's not going to say his own right here, but he needs to concentrate constantly. Is Hey as quick as he once was. Benu carries the speed up from cruiser away. Is that a factor here? Possibly. Hey forcing his work a little bit going in expecting to just land that shot can be dangerous. He needs to jab. I'd like to see Tony get behind that jab. Right hand from Bellows one little bit. It's a really good start from the bomber as hey it's all wild on Willie. He's wide lunging in. He's leaping him with big open hooks, leaving himself vulnerable. Tony is reacting with the right hand. Every time Haye misses with the hook, he's going to get Hey to think twice about throwing that left hook. It's going to make him put it back in his pocket, so to speak. Hey, just looking clumsy wild there with his attacks. Nothing behind the jab. Just expecting to walk in range around the big hooks. The boxing doesn't work like that. I'm impressed with the timing of B so far. Still very early on, but it's aggressive. Right hand from Bennett trying the body. That's what Dave Cwell said they do. They don't believe it is 100% the Hay physicality after the shoulder operation. Oh, big swings and B tries to get the right hand and Hay comes back. Dangerous looking punches from David Haye but they're missing wildly. Tony Bellow need good round from Tony B. and he spins around. He punches his arms along the but well that was impressive and do we see he [Applause] can't get you and you ran off right there that hook that was The time got crazy. They thought he landed a big shot. He's a little bit off balance, but the tempo except for Beville. He's here and he means business. And I I'm very pleased with the timing he's showing in the first round. I mean, every time he threw that left hook, Tony was ready to answer with a right hand. Every time whether it lands or not, Paul, it gets David's attention that the right hand is coming every time David misses. Shane Mcwigan now in David Hayes who is with Adam Boon for so long. They had a wonderful partnership. Hey, he says he's happier than ever now training properly in the black and orange. If you need any distinguishing features between the pair, the blue of course of the male and Tony Bellow fighting he says for his family's future. He got the dream at Goodison Park and this he believes is a bonus right hand from home early in the second. I like that he's in jail. Okay, just get back to a couple of basics. You know, he's trying to seem like he's trying to win a big power shot. He's looking for that one thing. He's got the one thing on his mind. That's the big punch. He thinks once he lands that shot, he's going to wipe out Tony B. And that's dangerous because boxing doesn't work like that at top level. You've got to set stuff up. You got to use your jump. You got to throw fake Tony B. As you see in the end, also I've always been impressed with his counter punching ability. Right hand from Hay and B just shrugs it off. at all. But I like the fact that Hay actually set up the jab and he's getting back to those basics. You got to get back to your basics. That was not just going to give it to you. Hey realiz from that first round, he can't just steamroll forward and land shots again. Stalking trying to hold the center of the ring. David Dehi in fight number 31. the 32nd for Tony Belle who's been more active, who has the momentum, but everybody said this is a step too far at heavyweight. Is this just a matter of time before they open up again? Here we go. The thing if they can get that jab working on anything, maybe he can take Bel's mind away from the hook and then surprise him with left hook. But he he's got to use the jab first to use and then that way Bellow starts thinking about the left hand coming up the middle instead of from the side. Both fighters here looking for the big counter punch, the big hurtful counter punch. Tony Bellow sitting back on his back foot, but David Hay not really giving him much to counter. Missing again Hay tries to target the body. Did that hurt B? The natural weight and size advantage of the heavyweight who's always been able to punch for fun. David That might be a factor, Adam. But as the fight wears on, also the fact that Davy's been inactive, might catch up with him. So probably balance out. There's the jab as Paul was saying going back behind it. David Haye, terrific amateur, silver medalist in the world, always had the skills and technique, but Tony Penny, a three-time ABA champion at heavyweight. But he believed he was a light heavyweight for so long as a pro. He's got that extra weight now. Teddy bear he's not used to. So that might be quite hard to carry around just loading up there wildly expecting to shot the B back to his jab. Is Belleu fancing this more and more. Yeah, Belle gaining confidence as the fight progresses. Good punches there landed from both fighters. Nobody really hurt. Already longer than most predicted. AJ is living and breathing every punch. Enjoying it. Right. Right. Now, when you train, yo, lift your head up. Tra your body when you train. That's a nice right hand by David setting it up behind the jab. And he kind of went back to some of his basics. You see, still gaining confidence now in the second round. Now he's starting to lead a little bit with the offense. Jimmy Tims, such a great man in boxing, help me help me out Shane McGwig and just loosening the arms. David Haye, he had that shoulder surgery. He says it's absolutely perfect. Is it? Would it become a problem as the rounds tick by? The general consensus was it would be Haye early or if Bellow could stick in there. Would the fact that David Haye hasn't had a real fight in a number of years catch up with him? Just those two easy victories over Mark Deoy and Arnold Gerage here at the O2. This is the comeback. He believes he's the most devastating heavyweight on the planet. Time to prove it. You would expect when this fight goes to favor Tony Bellow more because of David Haye's recent inactivity. The weight difference. Don't forget Tony Bell has given weight away here and that will also and that's the thing called I I agree with you. I agree with you with the rounds and that's the only wild card going on over there is this is Tony specified heavyweight. How does he carry the extra weight as the rounds progress? Yep. weighed in at 1538. 11 lbs heavier than usual for Tony Bennu. And hey came in pretty heavy to us at 16. We thought he might be about 15 and a half. Built more for speed, but he's been telling us it's a devastating knockout and it's coming early. Well, tick tock. We're in the third round and we're halfway through it. And Tony Hol got to hold his ground a little bit more now. Look at that. A comes in four to one on to win. Money going on Tony Bellow as this unfolds. It really is absolutely fascinating at ringside. Even the driver's got one thing on his mind here. Tony Benn looking for the power shot. But if you could get behind his boxing a little bit more, give David something to think about as he comes in. That would help him out. But they're both trying to land that big money shot. I got a feeling Tonyy's waiting to take some risks. A few more rounds. I got I got a feeling right now he's looking to take this a bit later. Yes, take David a pick later. This the round that Tony Bunga McCab got off the floor to do it and become WBC cruiserweight champion as he goes for a right hand and they go toe to toe. BJ Flores was down in three as well. That sparked off this fight with the antics at ringside. He's got his ass Tony Belleu. Can he deliver? I think he's answered the question here. He can actually take the power of David and he's not going to be pushed around and bullied. So the longer this goes on and has David Haye's tank empties. But having said that, David Haye punches hard through the whole duration of the fight. But we've not seen enough of him of late to draw judgment. This is going to tell us a lot about David Haye with Tony Bellow here doing a fantastic job. Yeah, David seems like he's making the fight. But again, I I don't think B was too committed to doing a lot early on as far as just making the fight go some rounds. If Hey misses, if Hay misses anything particularly wild, Tony is ready to counter as he's shown us. executing their game plan. We wondered if a long tactical battle was into it. Maybe it [Applause] [Music] [Applause] will. You see that? He's looking for after the belt because he can't eat you. Right now, when you counter, you've got to go low, right? Don't think that shot. You can feel the confidence. has become a big test for Shane McGregor. One of the best young trainers we've got George Taylor got criticism in the car fight for not changing the tactics against Leo. He might have to do something pretty big if they can't get rid of say within six point. Yeah. Yeah. I think a lot of this fight is going to come down to the corners and I think they have two brilliant trainers in the corner and that Dave Paulo with Bellow and Shane McWill with David Haye. They certainly do. And there are two terrific prices in there. But David Hy saying all through the buildup he is the elite man. I know a lot of it is to sell a product car, but he really believes he's a grade or two above Tony Belleu. Not on this evidence yet. The touch we've seen of him in the gym and on the bag of the pads. He looks fantastic aesthetically. He looks so well. looks like an unbelievable athlete, but he is very naturally athletic anyway. But this will be the test. Tony fighting very defensive. David's going to have to set some traps. He's not going to land the initial power shot. He's going to have to throw some shots to bait Bellow out of position and then try to follow up and get him with the follow-up shot. And I don't know if he's understanding that, but he's going to have to get that figured out if he wants to land anything. This is a bit of a standoff of range, tip for tap with the jabs. As soon as they come together in punching range, it's a bit of a swinger. But Tony Bennett for me has got a slight advantage cuz he's blocking shots well and he's looking for that counter punch. Yeah, and that's the thing. He's Tony's got David's got to keeping David's eyes open because when he does get too wild, Tony shot from the hay maker because he realized then that he can hurt the little pion. And why did that land? cuz he was going jabs first. He got Tony's mind away from the left hook, uses him in jabs, and then he went back to the left hook. Tony cannot afford to switch up for one second cuz there's big shots coming his way. And up a whistle pass following up with hits tries to come up with a rock. Is he biting in his time just for a couple more rounds, Bellow? Or does he have to hurt and dente stop him marching forward? If I had to pick based on what I've seen from Tony Ber in his career, I think there would be a time in his fight where he decides to go for it. Based on the character traits he's shown in his career, stood up there. Two big shots from David Haye. No, he's not going to get something to go in his Tony B. Left, right hand. David Haye's waiting for him. And when he's in range, he's just thrown everything power. He's just a load of big hurtful shots with one thing on his mind. He's always wanted for knockouts. He promised a show real one here at the O2 on March the 4th. The jab to the body from Hay. That jab to the body maybe it looks like he's not doing anything. What he's doing is it's taking Boo's mind away from the right hand. It's taking Be's mind away from the hook. So that when David goes back to those power shots, he may be able to surprise Bed and catch a hook tonight. I thought I would have seen David Haye blowing earlier in front of Tony Bennu in terms of fitness. I thought he would have been feeling the pace more. But just looking at them, Tony Bennu seems to be breathing. Don't get me wrong, he's not blowing a gasket. He just seems to be dropping the pace and taking deep breaths. And David Haye seems to be quite comfortable in there. Yes, he does. 10 years time. Hey, that's the natural heavyweight. More natural heavyweight is Hey, Tony carrying a little bit more weight than he's used to. Intensity in this crowd. What are they thinking right at the top in the gold? What are they saying? I tell you, I think I think they're thinking it's a bit more tactical than they thought it would be. How you scoring it? All right, I gave that round I gave David Haye that round. I've got two rounds of David Haye, one even and one to Tony Bellow. Bellow is doing a good job of staying in there, but he's going to have to go for it a little bit more to win the rounds. But I think he will based on what I know from his character, what we've seen from him in his career. I think there's a time where he will. Big right handed left hook there by David Hay. Tony Ven taking the round for David Haye there. Putting David Hay one round ahead on my card. Prince Nassim Mhammad has just walked in behind us. The best. It's a who's who tonight and no one knows who's going to win this. We're into the fifth round. We almost joke. There's no way it could go long. It couldn't go the distance, but we're enjoying it. It's really watchable fight because it's edgy seed. Yeah. And then the power shots. Let's see Tony get back behind that jab or get behind the jab, not back behind it. Stop using the jab. Jab the shoulder. Jab the stomach. Get his feet in range. Throw something from head. Then he can do his counter punching. When he does use that jab, he is touching David. He's just got to be a bit more consistent with it. Tony trying to come out with a a counter right. You were alongside David Hay in Miami. He wasn't training on a yacht, was he? He was working hard. Some of the times on the yacht were just for the show. You know, David is one of the biggest showmen in boxing, but he knows how to get serious as well. How did he look out there to you? with the old looked very explosive, I tell you. Very explosive, hard punching, very fast. But the thing about Tony is he's been crafty this round in this fight so far. You have to set up that explosiveness. He's not just getting lame for you. Again, jabbing the body. Hey, that's a tactic he's just started last couple of rounds to slow down. The extra weight is waiting. You're right. David Hay throwing the jab to the body. trying to draw something from Belle. Bellow taking a couple of slapping silly looking jabs there. Should get his glove in front of his face for that bit confidence. You see D4 rhythmic with the jab, throwing it to the stomach, fainting with it, throwing it up top. He's trying to get Tony distracted a little bit so he can go back to power shot. Let him judge it a distance there for Hay. Just misses with the left hook, but it seems as though he's moving into a rhythm, just upping it ever so slightly. Well, when there's nothing happening and it's slow in boxing, the fighter that starts throwing a jab to the body or fakes or jab to the shoulder, he ends up getting something going like he is now landing a couple of good shots there. Jab to the shoulder, right hand, but Tony Bell standing up well to it, but this will go against him on the Yeah, exactly. And that's this everybody thinks about David Hayes power, but this is the David Haye that I've always thought about when I I've known him since the amateurs is this explosive boxer. Yeah, he's got the power, but he's got the ability to do what he's doing this round. Box beautifully, vary his rhythm, speed, fainting, and of course the power. Look what he did to Nicole Vow. You know, winning the world over time as he connects there and tries to back up in his own corner and swinging the ball up. Loading up the big shots there. David Tony B getting tangled in the ropes there a little bit on his back foot. looking to get away with that, but a couple of hurtful looking shots did slip in from Hey enjoying this himself now. Smiling at Tony Bell. Smiling and do you think there's respect there now after all the antagonism in the build up? There's a cut for Belle just on the bridge of the nose. About 25 seconds ago, Belle threw some punches with David Haye. He didn't land, but he let Hey know, hey, I'm still around. Don't get too careless with your offense. Three hand backing on Tony Ben has got a jab to the body which is so effective that he can bring it over with that overhand right or straight right hand to the head and that comes off the jab to the body cuz the the jab to the body sets up so much for him. Exactly. And that's the thing it can be as a decoy. It can suck the wind out of you like a syringe, but then it can also you be a decoy. You throw the right hand to the head off. You go left hook to the head off. It takes your mind away from the other power punches. The heavyweight division which is exploding into life. Just behind us, Anthony Joshua. He's got that enormous fight against Vladimir Klitschko on April the 29th. Joseph Parker meets Huie Fury. Jonty W defended his version of the World Heavyweight crown last weekend on Sky. And now this match up that has got us all gripped. Tony Value and David Haye, they've knitted together perfectly the ingredients in the pot in the buildup as the fight enters the sixth round. Neither man badly hurt. Neither on the floor. Power at the moment not the main focus. This fight has come together well. You know, maybe some people are surprised, but I'm a I'm a boxing purist. I like the tactical stuff that both these guys are showing us. Good job from Hay there. Sharp jab. He's got reach advantage using it well there. Right hand from Tony. Nice right hand. Hey tries to come back with a couple of his own. We've seen Hey now box fighters over 12 rounds. Same with Bu with the the boring ones against Isaac Chumba loading it there [Applause] just a counter [Applause] shot. He's like trouble on his knees his knees. Sony's gone with his knee. There's a big problem for David Hay. He can hardly walk and he's going to go for the knock [Applause] out away here and the body is breaking up for David Hay and Tony Bay trying to get the big swinging shot. He knows he's in massive trouble breaking down very dangerous and David is on the break here and there he goes down but he looks exhausted and the injuries have come back to play and he could be on the verge of one of the biggest upsets in British He's injured and he doesn't have any balance at all. What a shame. He can't stand up. This is really sad to see a dangerous bit of assault to big up [Applause] looking. David Hay trying to go. 20 seconds left in the second round. Can David Haye even get up? His boxing career looks to be in ruins here. David Haye just about gets to his feet. The bell's going to come any moment. And Tony Benny with a right hand. And the bell goes and David Hay just about it back. Will he be allowed to carry on or not? Sh and the doctor are going to have a serious question to answer. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] the right hand. He's overreaching. Okay. Lift the right arm when he comes in front of you. Stay in this corner. All right. Just make him miss. All right. Make him miss. Make him miss. He wants to stay in. He wants He wants to stay in. What is wrong with him? Well, I think there's something wrong with his knee, but that's knee injury. The way he's so unstable on his legs, he can barely walk and especially shame the way he's told to stay in the It could be an Achilles. It could be the ankle actually. Is it the Achilles that was troubling him? Tony Bellow enters the second half of this fight which has exploded into life. Amazing in the sixth round. And here comes Bellow. And David Haye can hardly defend himself and he's going to get taken out. Amazing bravery here from David H. This is dangerous. How much how much power can he even generate if he lands a shot? Incredible bravery. He saw it, but Danny Williams all those years ago when his shoulder was out and somehow he won with one arm. These guys are fighters and they're all fighting for their lives in there and Tony Bennu is surely a few punches away from a dramatic career lifting. Hey, he needs to hold. Referee does. Referee having a really really close look here. Two or three punches away from the stoppage here. Tony Bio David Hay could barely stand up. Showing unbelievable bravery here. Huge bravery from Vay. But is there any way back? Surely. Is there any way he can even be effective at this point? He's punching back. So, I don't know if the referee can actually stop it, but he's in danger of punching himself out here. Then what happens? That's a good point though. If Tony punches himself out, the problem is David can't chase him down. Tony Benny certainly looking a little tired. But here's the thing. If Tony punch himself out, David can't go chase him. Staying on the ropes, hoping for one power shot. Hey, swinging. David can't even punch here. Sad scenes here for David Hay and his big comeback fight. Physically wrecked. physically an absolute nightmare for David Haye. Courageous wise, incredible. Tony Benny still can't finish it off. Just over a minute left in the seventh round. David's a veteran. He's going to know how to fly and juke around to survive. But I just don't know how effective he can be to win the round. It's a prime thing, isn't it? After everything he said in the buildup, he doesn't want to go anywhere. for B again. It looks like K maybe running on him too. Tony B punching himself out a little over here. Loading up looking for big shot. I feel just need to get a couple of turns going for some arm punches. But where's this end? Everybody on their feet are ringing side. He tries to get one in with a left hook. It's a slung out a war. And it's a war with an able fighter and one that's very badly injured. I've never seen the likes of this. This is unbelievable. Fascinating scenes here though. This big fight still trying to do something. I think you're right. Tony could go back to his basics, but I think he's just trying to physically impose himself onto David even physically. David Haye's going to get through the round. He's on the right back to his ring. Extraordinary game. Should they be pulling him out or could they let him go on? His career is difficult. I mean, if you pull out the rule book, as long as he can defend himself and fight back, he's got to go. You mentioned Mark Potter, the dislocated shoulder. He pulled out the knockout while he's still throwing punches and fighting back. You would not stop a fight unless the corner man pulled it out. But this really is unprecedented and very extraordinary and fascinating to watch. Tony Fellow here putting shots on David A just loading up almost punching at will and then it becomes difficult for him to land because David Hay is just on the defense. He's not worried about anything coming back. Exactly. And David's a savvy veteran. He knows how to slip and slide and roll even in place. Hands up. Move your head right asking for speed. David Haye in a fog. The body beautiful. It's physically breaking down in front of us, but I tell you what, we've seen some mad stories throughout the heavyweight division. What happens next? Is there any way David Haye can win this fight? The odds say no. 8:1 on venue. Remember Hey was 6:1 7 to1 on with some bookmakers before it started. You never know in boxing especially in this division. Absolutely world of boxing. The random injuries like this. That's the problem with the aging. David has even set his feet to throw a punch. That's the problem he's got here. He can't really got to punch his ch with this. He can't even run around like this. He's got no goal. He's got no base. There's nothing on these shots. This Tony Ben to draw from what I'm seeing. Tony Ben here has got almost a sitting D in his head and a right hand. And now he tries to go for it. You see how he picked down the mouthpiece after he missed that hook. He's in pain. He's been stopped once before against Carl Thompson. The only other defeat on the rain of Hamburg against Vladimir Klitschko has been stopped by Dennis Stevenson but he is in the form a shot. Victory should be his Tony B. But still we wait. David exhausted from the the last couple of rounds. A physical rep unfortunately for David Haye. He is really seriously incapacitated and also when you know you're working with an injury mentally you exhaust yourself as well and that can make even more physically exhausted. He's got no solid base. He's got no foundations for what he needs to do. still managing to make a fight of this somehow. Too has to be careful because he does get clipped. He didn't last round. Enormous heart from Hay B trying to find the punches. D was asking for speed. Shane McGregor will just be hoping somehow Belleu punches himself out and Hay command his hands are down. Here's why Ben will put himself out because anytime he needs a rest, he can step back and HK can get so he can take a break anytime he needs it and then get back in. He is unbelievable in the driving seat here, Tony Bell, but he's punched himself so far, but he's feeling that heavy weight. He's struggling carrying that extra weight around. He's not a heavyweight, he knows that, but he's come in quite heavy here and that's what slowed him down. He's entered the best tank himself. He'll be having a breather now and there'll be enough from Tony Bar and he'll get to say I think he'll get that. He just can't put anything together David. Exactly. That's why he'll get that chase and make it work. [Music] [Applause] An extraordinary turn of events here. move. All right. And then when you come back, just come back for little flicks. All right. All right. [Music] If you [Music] can't exchange here from the last round, he started the round very wanting to impose some kind of physicality on him. We heard about the Achilles tendon problem. thought it was a rumor and now he's looking like David Haye's ankle. He flew to Munich, didn't he? Earlier in the week, [Music] but he said it was all absolutely fant. Is that what it looks like when you're achilis tendon ruptures because he's flatfooted. He's really hobbling around that right leg. I forgot about that. You see, I was worried I was thinking about my own fight. I forgot that he I'd heard that that he went to Germany for that injury. Well, everybody thought it was another wind up, you know, part of the mind games. There's the natural adrenaline kicking in and putting that pain as he getting used to that ankle now. Still on his back foot. Remember what Tony Belleu said as he's two rounds up on Carl's card. 7577 and again on Paul's as well. I mean, it's Belle's fight to lose, but he said that David Hay would quit. And the one thing he's shown in the last couple of rounds more than anything is extraordinary courage. And he's anything but anything but quick. Fighting for his future. Fighting for pride. Both of them. How many guys would have called it this body shots in trouble on the ropes to go unable to set himself. You see how wide the right leg is. He landed a couple of shots earlier on in this round and didn't really have much effect on Tony Bailey. I'm not sure David Hale can set up enough to hurt Tony. So Tony really is looking at a city block here and it's just a matter of time when he feels the tank gets some oxygen around the blood around the scal muscle. He'll have an onslaught which I'm sure will finish David who who really is incapacitated. I mean he just can't do much. It's amazing. He's still got on his feet, still trying here with big kicks. Missing wide. Tony Bellow see a real on the back of this. Good job from David Haye. And he's trying to out strength Tony Belle on the inside as well. Incredibly when they get close maintaining his alertness to Hay's power shots. He takes some jab, but he's alert to the power shots. Making sure not to take those clean. Good defense from there on his back there. Good defense from but starting to shorten the shots a little bit. So when David Hay first got hurt, he was winding up with haymakers. Left from Hay still hasn't ever been really hurt. And now he can't get the balance to leverage the power as Benny tries to walk him back to his own corner. You watch on Tony Ben's punches here. This is really fascinating stuff. I'm expecting Tony Bellow to put together a five tick punch combination and get this fight ended, but it's not happening because Tony Bellow is not throwing the punches. He's still showing he's at least alive. When you get in his punching range, he will show you he'll throw a shot. Hamilton time out. And now Tony B is just going to have a cleaning off period that hasn't been nic. [Music] Yeah. Yeah. The referee's had nothing to do really. It's been very fair. Tony can have a little brever here if he finds one. He's not taken [Applause] it. Benny trying to come back with something of his own. He survives again. still standing just about. And there's respect. There is respect between these two after all the hoopla. It's good. Now, you're [Music] always low low blow right there. I like the right hands and he's throwing them. Good combination before the low. Yeah. Yeah. I like those right hands. Keep it sharp. But you see David's lead foot, this left foot. When he throws the right hand, he can't transfer the weight from the back foot to the front foot. So, he can't get the leverage he wants on the right hand anyway. Right, Carl? That's right. His feet are high enough to get that punches going like he should be able to. If he could, Tony Bellow now because he's feeling the pace, it'd be very dangerous for him. But, you know, they're both very, very tired. But that way to the ankle is the ankle because we see here the taping of the ankle. So confirmation here that the the right probably achilles tendon has probably totally ruptured and got a big day. Really really doing well to even war. So you know what he was he was ridiculed for the little toe after the Klitschko fight. Absolutely ridiculed. Maybe unfairly so the way he said it. But you know what? If he snapped his Achilles and he's still in there with Tony Belleu, you've got to give him all the respect. And it's only going to get worse. I mean I wonder if you can what are they doing? Well, sure what the referee's doing here. make him take a bit of loose tape from the shin area of David's leg. He was slapping around a bit. He wasn't happy with it. Fair enough. The thing about it is it it may be tearing even worse if it's torn the way left hook from David Haye. Tony Bellow needs to be careful because he's got this fight in the bag. Really, he couldn't have such a gift any more than this. Well, Bell's starting to go for it now more than he was in the last couple of rounds into the 10th. Can you believe that? I can't believe it. David still dangerous here on his back foot. Tony Bel's got to start cutting the ring off though. He wants to take whatever motion David Hay has left. David's going to take that break from there. You see David circles the ring. Tony Bel would probably be better serve to just cut the ring off as well instead of following David around. Eddie Hearn on his feet saying the tape's wrong. You can't do that. I think he needs big shots from the right hand left. Tony Ber needs to be careful here because he's not busy enough. He's not doing enough to convince the judges that he wants this. He needs to just throw a few more punches, especially when he's got D target. Right hand for Belleu. The problem is David can't throw enough punches to win the rounds himself. Well, the only way he can win is a lucky couple of shots surely. Yeah, he can't find the range. Tony has to give him the range. And again, Tony's following him around. If Cory cuts the ring off, he's going to force David to fight even more than he wants to really put him into problems. Yeah, he needs to cut the ring off. From David Hay and that got through the gap of Tony Bellow's defense, Tony Bellow just needs to get behind the jab, go with the jab, and not worry about loading up the big power shots because I don't think he's got it in the tank. Just win the rounds now on his back foot, make it look easy. He's taking risks. Good right hand for Belle and again still high tries to set himself get the drive going and lands but again you see how he's able to escape if you don't give him that escape route and you cut him off he's going to have even less options body shots from Benu getting rough and tough in there I tell you what despite the Achilles the condition of the marine is hands off to the training Absolutely. Absolutely. This is dealing with injury. You're fatiguing even more. He's put all he has to put all the weight on one leg. Oh, the hand tries to get some sort of balance in those big legs. David Hay is alone to every power shot. Even that one. We try to catch him by surprise. Yeah. But he's still keeping himself together, isn't he? Tony B lefts and rights. Be very pleased. He's putting a couple of shots. He's obviously very exhausted. This is an unusual circumstance to be in as a fighter. He probably can't believe himself what's going on. Oh, another good jab from David Hay. Great job from Hay. Benj's been busy this round though and and landed more punches and put on his back foot. So, he's put this round in the bank and if this continues, he'll be winning this fight. He's been able to win more. Well, Anthony Joshua right behind us clapping at what a fight it is. Andy, over to you. Anthony, your analysis of what you're watching so far. Well, he's got heart. He's got determination. And that is going to the blue corner. The red corner. We were talking about what's he going to do? And that's Tony Belle. He is slugging it out now. Earlier on, he was patient. He took his time and I was saying that he's a dangerous thing and it's paying off right now. But all I'm saying, I want B to keep his right hand a bit higher because David A has hurt his back foot. So he can't generate power from the right hand, but he can still generate power from the left foot, which is the left hook. So he needs to make sure even when he's attacking, he's still defensively sound with that right hand up because David Haye is still powerful within his left punch. But I'm enjoying this. Most respect for David Hay for staying in there, making this a dog fight and utmost respect for Venue. Terrific analysis. Homer was complaining about I don't understand that. I mean, so many times you take your ankle if your ankle twisted or you take the laces if they keep coming off. Well, into the 11th we go. We've seen the struggle with David Hay for several rounds now because of the Achilles. Real unbelievable heart as Anthony Joshua was saying for him to keep going through this. Are we looking whatever happens here at a real crisis for David Haye? Whatever he does next, can he come back from this injury again after the shoulder? Well, I think this injury is going to need surgical intervention and you know yourself when you start opening up the human body, it takes time to heal and that time he's not gone on his side. So, this this could well be the end of David He of the end physical. He might still win the fight somehow. He's still got a chance. And with that right hand, he just landed there. Tony Belly has taken absolutely ridiculous unnecessary risks. But hey is running out of time because the rounds have been going for Tony Belle. All Tony needs to do is get his up and jab. Yeah, he just keeps it basic with these ones and one twos. He'll see the big shots coming off set them up. [Applause] Tenny definitely feeling that extra weight which we said earlier because that's the only reason he can be exhausted. I mean, he had a big round when Hayes lunges with that left hook. So distress and annoying [Applause] himself not being able to transfer the weight over to the other foot. So he just go down, [Applause] but on he battles. People wondered whether they were going to get value for money with this. It would all be over in seconds. A complete mismatch. Even before the injury, it wasn't. Yeah. Showing unbelievable courage here. David Haye with the injury. Tony's done to win, but he's taking silly shots that right hand. There's not much on him now. David Hay really there's no power on them punches. This is where Tony needs. Oh, he's here. And down goes Hey. And physically, can he even get back through the ropes? The count is at nine. to Tony Bes in world boxing as he rips up the scratch and ends the war of words and there is the respect and everyone should applaud that David Haye was valiant until the end the warrior in him wouldn't make it quit but Tony Belleu kept his call and I'll tell you what he has won a fight that virtually nobody picked him to win. One of the biggest upsets in British boxing in recent times. The odds were so heavily stacked against Tony Bellow. Nobody really saw that coming. We thought if he, you know, withtood the early on, thought he'd be okay. That wasn't the case. He got hit, he was okay. And then the injury, but to see them embrace the Tony Bellow didn't celebrate when he won. He's now he's emotional, but he didn't celebrate. So so much respect there. Such a real proud man there. Both of them. But Tony Benny there showing me the kind of proud man he is there embracing David Haye. He knows he's injured. He knows really towards the end hey couldn't fight back. And that was a really nice scene there when he especially after all the bad play. That was good to see. Really good to see. So much to talk about. Enormous unpredictability from the early. There's Derek Chazora who sparred with Tony Bellow. They're big mates and they're so happy. James De Gail here, a great friend. You know what? So many people wanted Tony Belle to win this, but they didn't believe he would. Yeah. Yeah. This is not just one of the biggest out boxing. This is one of the biggest up in world boxing in general, but he's a two world level fighter. And David Hay, sorry, Tony Bal it. The main reason he said he'd be David Haye is because he said David Haye is too old. will get married in July next year. He's getting married in July. His three beautiful children. He is a new massive star of British boxing Tony Belleu. Can you believe it? He was in the Rocky films. He won his world title at his beloved Goodison Park. And now one of the biggest upsets ever. It's extraordinary and he deserves every bit of it. He does deserve every bit of it. And he called this as well. He called it. He said David Hay will be too old. Amazing scenes there. But you know what? David Haye takes a great deal out of this too in terms of how we should all respect him. He had the jokes about the toe. He had his time out. He had shoulder surgery. And although he promised a demolition job which he couldn't deliver, he stuck this out. Fought half the fight with an injury. I think that was half the fight. When did they stop? The 11th. When did he get hurt? the fifth. I mean, that was this is half the fight he fought like this. I mean, we we gave you your props when you fought Miguel Cotto with the state you were in. But this is you got no balance. You can't fight. At least with a facial injury, you still have your weapons, you know, with no without your feet, you don't have your weapons to set the punch. This is the finishing scenes. Unfortunate scenes here for David Hay. He caught a right hand there and a left hook on the head as his legs flaps from under him and he still trying to come back in the ring and get up. They have to throw a towel and he was going to come back in again. Against Cole Thompson, he didn't quit. He was throwing back. Cole Thompson had him out on his feet and he was still throwing punches. Let's not forget that. He's always had heart day. Massive heart, massive respect. But a huge win for team Bellow. Dave Cowwell who was ridiculed in the buildup and he's had a tough time with Gavin McDonald's lost, David Price's loss. Now look at these pictures in the ring. David A and Tony Belleu with masses of respect arm in arm. [Applause] The towel goes in. [Applause] from the pair of them. One of the nicest duos in boxing. Little Dave and Big Tony. And they have the big upset win. Can you believe it? Heavyweight boxing continues to be unpredictable and so thrilling. Ladies and gentlemen, following a brilliant display of courage by David Haye, his corner indicates to the referee he's unable to continue. Referee Phil Edwards calls a halt for the contest at 2 minutes 16 seconds. Round 11. The winner by TKO victory, the fighting pride of Liverpool, Tony [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Split between the two. This is the sport we love and it's all the good sides. Fabulous to see. Well, they couldn't have anything but respect for each other because Tony Bellow took the early on. He didn't get really assaulted early on that one, but he took his shots. Tony Bell withtood the power of David Haye and then he fought back with that kill his tendon problem which is what we think he is that debilitating injury. He still fought on and on. So Tony Bell has to respect him for that. They're going to do it together. Wonderful. Andy, arm in- arm. Congratulations, Tony. Incredible. Unbelievable roller coaster fight. Talk us through it. First of all, I just want to thank all you people in here and all the people watching on TV cuz all you people watching and in here made it possible for me. Do you know tonight I sent me kids away to in Dubai now and I know she's watching somewhere babe we get married next July and you know what all is that matter tonight I've just secured me kids future man I don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about winning I don't care I secured life I'm sorry for swearing I secured the kids man and David I thank you from the bottom of my heart because really I'll be honest he could have picked an awful lot of different guys and he picked me we spoke before it we didn't speak a word for the last 16 weeks and I'm telling you it was genuine people. I wanted to really beat him more than anything in this world and he wanted to beat me and I think we showed that tonight. I've got so much respect for David as a fighter. He's a brilliant fighter and he will come again and we can do it again. Who wants to see it again? David the warrior's heart commiserations. What went wrong? Um Tony was a great fighter. That's what that's what went wrong. I uh I trained great. I felt good coming into the fight. I wanted to do a demolition job, but this guy has got a heart of a lion. I've I've knocked out people a lot bigger, a lot stronger with a lot less. This guy to I I did not expect him to have the chin and durability that he had. You know, I gave it my best shot. My best wasn't good enough tonight. And I have to take my hat off to Tony Melu. He by far was a better fighter tonight. No doubt about it. You know, in my mind, I believe I'm more gifted and whatnot, but he had a bigger heart tonight. He had a big He had bigger balls tonight. You had You had You had You had a bigger heart. You dug deep. You took my best shots and you got back up and you put me down. And um you know, I'd love to do it again. The fans loved it. I loved it. It was I've never been in a fight like that before. And um you know, if the fans want to see it again, I'd I'd love to do it again in Manchester or wherever he wants to do it in Liverpool. You know, wherever he wants it. He's the man. He beat me for wants to go back to God Park. I'll go I'll go. He's the man. He beat me fair and square. He's the man now. If I want to get my stripes back, I have to go back for I can't think about world world honors now. I have to go past this guy. if I want to think about fighting for the world titles. So, all credit to Tony Belleu. He beat me fair and square. And um if he would oblige again, I'd love it. If he wants to go B, you know, I I'm at his mercy. There's no rematch clause in his contract. It's it's in his ball. If the fans liked it and want it again, you know, talk to we can make it happen. He was everything I expected. Do you know what I prepared for tonight? The biggest puncher in the heavyweight division, the most dangerous man alive. When he hit me, I thought, Jesus Christ. I knew it wasn't going to last, but I was thinking, I can't take much more of these. On the head, around the body, he hits extremely hard. But you know what? I've said this from day one. You can have all the ability and talent in the world. But when you've got a heart as big as I am, and you cannot give in. I will not stop. I will not stop. I am the champion of the misfits. And tonight, I have taken my glory. Tony, do you want some rematch? We're going to sit down. We're going to talk today because I'm going to be honest. I said he was a diva. It was all in the blood. But you know what? I think I might turn into something like that now. That Listen, the salt and pepper's on my side of the table now. Andy, we've got to come and play with me. I'm the man in the man. I'm the most valuable heavyweight in the world outside of the champions. I said this before and listen your I admire Anthony Joshua so much. I ain't calling no names. I You know what? That brother's taking this game to a new level. And Ant got so much respect for you more than ever, brother. I really have. Me and Ant got talking before Antro. I was sparring Car Sheffield and we exchanged words, man. I gave him advice. He took it and the man's running the game now. So before you guys start saying fight the winner of Joshua Klitschko, I think I've got to sit down, evaluate the options, go home and kiss me lovely wife and kids, and then talk to Eddie on Monday. David, it was a real good fight to watch him. Man, that the best fight that the best fight I've ever had. You know, I I it felt like a Rocky film in there. You know, this guy showed balls bigger than I've ever fought before. I hit him on the best shots. He got back up. He dished it out. He won the fight fair and square. Credit to him. If he would oblige me a rematch, I'd love that. Down tonight. I don't know if Right. You did one time, but then you put me down. You know what happened? I don't think there was a I don't think there was a round in a Rocky movie like round six. Can you tell us what Can you tell us what happened? It it it's what is what it is. He beat me fair and square. He beat me fair and square. No excuses. I I gave him my best. He took it. He dished it back to me. I couldn't take it. I'd love the opportunity to do it again. If he would oblige, I'd love to I'd go to his hometown and fight him wherever he wants. He's the man. He beat me fair and square. If the fans want to see that type of up and down fight again, I'd love to give it to him. That's why I'm in boxing for the biggest fights. And if Tony B would be Belu will oblige me is I would do on his terms in his turf in his favor, he deserves it. He beat me very good. I enjoyed it. What is it about your character that in a fight that very few people thought you had a chance in? No more tears to come. Nobody thought you could win. Do you know what it is, man? I tell you this time all the time. I'm scared or when I come in this ring tonight, I will be honest. I was scared for the first time in me life for me health more than anything. But you know, when I walk to the ring, I've got a switch, man. And when the swip the switch flips, I scare myself cuz I can't give in. I cannot give in. And he hit me tonight hard, man. Harder than I've ever been hit in me life. And and I wish I could just say, you know what, that's enough. But I can't. I can't give in, man. It's I'm a scouter. And scouters, you just can't give in. And I don't know. man that I just I I can't I can't back down. I can't give in. And that's the scary thing. I don't want to keep doing this. I'm going to be honest. I don't want to keep doing it cuz cuz it's a hard sport, man. It's And I all I want to do is raise them kids and be healthy enough to see them get old, man. So, I just me Mrs. was scared last day before she left for Dubai on Sunday. We she was crying on the Saturday night and she said he said he's going to put me in hospital and I said, "Love, listen, they all say that and he he's not gone. Trust me, I can't go. And she cried. She got on the plane Sunday morning and I promised that I wouldn't go. And against all the odds, man, I've done it again. I can't thank you all enough. Thank you so much. I have no more tears. I have no more hits. Thank you so much. The two of you really did back up your words. Well done. Apologies for any language there. Emotions clearly running high tonight. What an extraordinary night it has been here at the Over Arena. Do not go anywhere. Stay with us for all of the fallout coming straight after the break. [Music] It wasn't a fight people wanted to see, but it was a dog fight. And at the end of the day, you got to do what you got to do. So, credit to Tony Belleu. He stood in there with a heavyweight and it was amazing that he took his best punches as well. You know, as a cruiserweight that moved up to heavyweight, he took his best punches and went toe to toe. Credit to Tony By that extra weight that Tony put on did him a massive favor. Listen, that the difference that was the 90 90% of the people in in the building, the heart wanted Tony to win. The head was saying Dave's got this. And so what's happened there is Tony has shown us something that we didn't see. He said David Hay is not the fight he was. And by sticking out and going through that, he's gone. But let's let's not forget David didn't mention it. Nobody's mentioned it. It looked like David Achilles tendant had gone. So therefore, he couldn't get power off that right hand. And then all of a sudden, that was David Haye was asked at the press conference on Thursday if he was injuryfree. And his answer was very interesting. He even thought that on the day. He said he was as injuryree as a possible boxer could be going into a fight like this. Do you think he had Anthony this injury going into the fight? I didn't think he did cuz I heard rumors about his shoulder, but then I saw he was on Instagram and he posted who his doctor was. So I quickly popped on the internet and done a little bit of research. So when I heard it was a shoulder, I heard this doctor works with a lot of footballers and does their knees. So it's quite interesting that you can see there. Yeah, his knee went I I but I think he went back to the corner and I thought he said something to Shane like it was Achilles. We weren't sure if it was a knee or an Achilles but that made all the difference. And he I tell you why he didn't mention it is because he was showing he has the he has the the guts. He he has the courage to go through it because at one point I said Shane needs to pull him out and he said no he's he's still he's still dangerous. Let him in there. I thought well this was about pride. This is about health. I think how's it going to go here? It got to the point where where David couldn't do anything. He couldn't keep himself up. He couldn't get power off the shots. He had to dive in with a big right hand. So there was no real power there. So what did he have to offer apart from a bit of luck he was hoping for? I think whatever you think of David A at home or your thoughts before the fight, carrying on with a fight with such guts and determination, you've got to have huge respect for him, right? One thing getting in there and another thing going into a dog fight when you're injured. That's what people say, right? With one arm fight, with one eye fight, with one leg up fight. So regardless, he held it up. They tried to strap his leg up. They done everything they could and it just didn't work. It was one in a million chances. But as I said, I guarantee you half people half the people would have pulled out and he stuck in there. So I give him credit for that. I give him It was a dog fight. Do you think his corner should have pulled him out earlier? No way. Move over to get you sweaty enough. Don't worry about all that. Well done, man. Thank you very much. That was a good scrap. Here we are with Tony B. Good to see you, Tony. Huge congratulations. Do I even need to ask you how you are feeling? I'm happy man. Do you know what? I got a little respect for these two. Johnny, one of the best, well, probably the best way with this country produced. And this guy just relighted this game. He's made the game what it is today. But I kept thinking the little slice shots to the body, the every he could see the right hand, but the left hooks he couldn't take. See, it's all the left hooks. The right I'll be honest. I knew you was going left up for left hook, though. Both of you were dangerous with those left hooks. Yeah, his left hook is is not as technically good as mine, but it's quicker than mine. So, I could feel his left hook, but he just couldn't do What what was David telling you in the corner? Dave was telling me, Tone, he's gassing and he said to me, Tone, you always telling me how brave you can be. And I am. You know what? I tell people and and you know what? I don't want to get brave cuz I'm scared of frightening myself. What went through your mind when you saw Hay's ankle go? Was that my go? Yeah. Well, well, to be honest, you know what went through your mind? What went through my mind was he's thinking he's had enough. He's think and I've said this from day one. I got a lot of respect for David as a fighter, but there's different levels of of of heart and character in this game, man. And listen, I me and Ant before his fight, the last fight being in the chest room and supposed to me t the mutual respect between you and David. I respect him as an athlete, you know what I told him before I finished him off. I said to him, you see him going back. I said, I said, you seeing I knocked him. I hit him and to start the 11th and I says to him, "David, stop." Did you whisper to him? I said to him, "David, stop." I said, "David, just stop." You know what people will ask you? What's going through your head in that round? What's going through your head when you when his knee went I seen I seen him buckle and I said, "David, stop." And then I looked at Shane and I said, "Stop it." And then I got him to the rugs, right hand, left hook. And I thought, you know, I ain't listening. I ain't here to I said it on the go. What did I say? The gloves are off. I turned up with the Gavinci jumper on for