Kind: captions Language: en shakes it off. 50 seconds left in the fifth. He most definitely did feel it. &gt;&gt; I tell you what though, he didn't go down. &gt;&gt; He didn't freeze like he did the last time. &gt;&gt; Body shot from Allan. And now &gt;&gt; here we go. &gt;&gt; The Doncaster heavyweight. Oh, Johnny. He's got what he's all about. Drama here in the fifth round. And it is almost a mirror image of what it is. It's got leg in the fifth round. Can you believe it? And the count is coming in. 15 seconds left. Will Johnny Fisher get up just about. And Dave Allen has got a few seconds left in the round to jump. The legs are gone. Dave Allen here. Can he follow up? Christian dramatically and he was thinking about each punch conservatively and his legs are gone. Look at him. Look how calm he is with the approach. He doesn't rush his work. He's not worried about nothing. He's just thinking, "Yeah, there's a shot there. I can see the gap here." He's not trying to knock him out. He's just trying to land with the shots &gt;&gt; because Barry, he's in a mentally and physically great place. I think Dave Allen over the last few months, he's been around boxing a lot. He's been back. He's got a smile on his face. And that was a super and two children. He's fighting for something else now, Dave Alan. Where he was for himself before, it's the something else now. The two children to provide for them. And the way Look, I thought you was right, Sunny. Exactly what you you thought Johnny Fisher was sort of weathering the storm really really well. He goes down and then you think there's not enough time left for Dave Allen, but what a finish. What a left. Do you know what? Johnny Fisher loses for the first time. Most thought Dave Allen won, but it is one all in terms of mathematics. So there could be a trilogy. We don't know. But it is Dave Allen's night. And I tell you what, in Doncaster next Friday at the Echo Power Stadium on the big bill for the zone and GBM, Dave Allen should be carried along into that stadium. And I'm not the most compassionate person, but I'm sending him out for one more round because he's getting badly beaten up. His face is a bloody mess. He's got really deep, wide, jagged cuts above his eye, which Philip Fondue won't be able to stop the bleeding with any kind of adrenaline or Vaseline. And he's now getting he's got nose damage and closed eyes. Good work from Den White. Big combinations. Lucas Brown will try and chop one more but he can't lay him out. Dian White is victorious and it's a dramatic finish. &gt;&gt; As reliable as a Grish time signal at times. There he goes again. &gt;&gt; It's a long time since Gner's been asked to cope with a jab like that coming at him. If you look at his opponent, yeah, and he's down. He clubbed him with a right hand and he's he won't go down, Bner at that point. He didn't even put the knees on the canvas. He's trying to absorb the punches and that was a pretty brave effort of his perhaps. And he's got it. 7 8 N. And he's going to let him box on. And he's pinned in Bruno's corner. And it won't go shortly. Now the tower has come in from Australian's corner and Butler doesn't know why at that point and he's at least he's had the professional pride Jim of staying on his feet that I handed to him. He took a lot of stick there and I don't know whether it was his wife who made the tournament do it or they did it under their own scene. Probably they did. Haven't seen him anywhere. Right. Here we go. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And you had him really going in this round, didn't you? I was a bit anxious cuz I know he could take a good punch. He'd never been stopped before. Only once in his professional career. &gt;&gt; He was he was nearly down there, but you kept on going. &gt;&gt; That's the name of the game. You know, Harry. Oh, no. It's Jim. Jim. &gt;&gt; And then I think out of your out of your sight, the towel fluttered in behind the behind there. &gt;&gt; Come in. The towel did come in. &gt;&gt; Did that surprise you at all? &gt;&gt; It did surprise me. I thought the round was over cuz I heard the bell and I thought Cherry goes, "Well done." And he was saying, "Well done. Well done. Well done." And I thought there was another round to go. &gt;&gt; But don't let me take nothing away from Joe. Joe Joe is a very experienced guy. Very He's been around with the best. So you can't really knock this this opponent. You know, he's never been knocked down. Terry Mars was supposed to be jumping off the river. I'm going to push him off. &gt;&gt; Yes. He said that he said that Joe Bugnar was going to beat you. But Jim Watt tonight said that this was probably the best he'd ever seen you that your most professional. &gt;&gt; Chazora's caps been mixed first couple of weeks. He said to David Haye and Eddie H, I'm not happy. But Dave Cwell was very happy with the last couple of weeks of sparring. But Spila probably nicked the opener map, I think. So he was landing the the accurate shots, his straight left hand down the middle. He walked his onto a couple of beautiful barely hurt here. Second round and the referee's gone in flat on his back and Derek Jazor approves. He still has the power and he has the power early as he destroys Spila case. He was just a bit too squared up on the ropes with his hands down. &gt;&gt; Too bright hands down and then Derek Tazora unloaded both hands. &gt;&gt; Yeah, careless defense. &gt;&gt; Well, stopped in nine by Wilder. Stopped in four by Adam Kawaki. Derek Jazora does it in two. That's a real statement. And I tell you what, I bet he loves southpaws now. &gt;&gt; Good body shot going in there. Right hook, left hook, and then switches it upstairs. Big right hook, left hook, and then the last right hook was almost a free shot. And it went down very heavy. That was a bad knockout. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he didn't even have the strength to hold his gloves up strongly. So Chazora's shots got through and then that was the final shot. But before that final shot, you could see the big left hand also got through the gloves. &gt;&gt; Watch out to the body from Joshua. Some people were saying Joshua would take up early. He might do here. Lovely right hand. Best of the fight from Joshua. The back is shaken in the seven. Oh, a left hand and a right hand. And down goes the Russian. Will he make it up? He's all over the place. Steve Grace has walked towards. He's brave. He's gritty. He's never been stopped before, but he might be right here. And right now, Joshua with a big left hand and AJ walks with me all over again. Just allowed his talent to flow. And Alexander Bkin had never been treated like this in all the 36 fights he's ever had in his life. For me, punch perfect performance. Tough tough night. But you know, to have a great performance, you need to be in a great opponent. And Alexander Vetkin was fantastic tonight. Came with a solid game plan. Was in great shape. Hit hit AJ with some great shots over the top, but AJ soaked him up. He re he rose to the occasion and got the job done. At the time of the stoppage, the three judges cards 58 56 58 56 to AJ and 59 to 55 also to Joshua. All were unanimous towards Joshua. And I think it was the last three rounds or so where the fight just turned, didn't it? And he waited for that opportunity and like the predator he is and the world champion he is, he took that and he didn't let Pavin recover. &gt;&gt; But look at the finish here. I mean, he set it up with that faint jab to the body, sort of displaced the jab, took the attention away from the overhand, right, and then produced this kind of a finish. And Povkin was in serious trouble. And AJ, he knows he's got his man wounded, and he's one of the best finishers. He just puts combination punches together, accurate combinations, and PvE have no chance then. The two of them just talking to each other in the ring now. And you you got a feel for Alexander Pvetkin. I know that a lot of people thought he should have been thrown out because of the the drugs and and of course it tainted his name forever who started in February 2007. Takam around since 2005. &gt;&gt; Oh what a shot from Disora in the crowd and Carlos Tam is just about up his list of betraying him. Howard Foster says fight on but this is Jesus right hand has the greatest of his career I said from day one he would never give in me and David were having a little debate off air and I know Dell I've spent so many years around since the amateurs I love him I'm so happy for him he is now back where he belongs he demands a shot at something someone he has just done what no one else has done to Carlos Takam. He has just wiped Carlos Takam out and proved he belongs with the M with the big boys in the heavyweight division. He was under enormous pressure Tony but he sucked it up and somehow he found the belief right deep down in those boots. Adam, he's had niggles through this camp. He's had a few little knocks and bumps, a sore shoulder and you know what? You know what he does? He just gets on with it and he turns up every time. Derek Chisora fights anyone anywhere. Let's go through his resume. David Haye, Vitali Klitschko, he fights anybody. He deserves all kind of will. Look at this. Who's done that to call off Takamad? Nobody's &gt;&gt; something. He's got to try and get get a hold of this fight again. Throw more punches. He's got to let his punches go. inside the last 20. Round seven. Hands hung low. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Oh, what a good Oh, what a cracking shot. He's down and does not look like moving. Gathers himself up but out. Doesn't make it. And now the celebrations begin because we have a new world champion. &gt;&gt; And watch the way watch the way Ben's head shutters here. Watch his right hand and watch the back of his head. Look at that for a shot. That is absolutely rip roar and stuff from hair behind. Put him to the floor and he bounced off the floor. You see it again here. Now watch the way he turns that right hand over. That is a picture perfect right hand. And look at how quickly again an indication how quickly Hyde can jump on his opponent. He hits him with the right hand and he can and this is in slow motion. That's an absolutely beautiful shot. &gt;&gt; Now watch how quickly he hits him again and this is slow motion. Now look at accuracy right down the pipe. He hits him with that next one and Bent was on his way down there and not surprised why he couldn't get up. Absolutely incredible. That left hook is so long, isn't it, from heavy that right hand is someone who walks right into it and you can't do that against Anthony Joshua. &gt;&gt; He's hurt. Badly hurt. &gt;&gt; He's up. He has the look of defeat on his face. A bewildered look. Let's see if Anthony Joshua can dispel the champion. It is lights out. &gt;&gt; Anthony Joshua, &gt;&gt; he knew he was throwing that. The first step he took. He knew exactly what he was going to do. Auntie Joshua there. He wasn't having a look. He knew what he was going to do. He just walked up and went crack. And that's why I said it reminded me of Donald Curry knocking on Milton Mcgrai to unify the welterweight title back in the 80s. Walked over, cracked. That's as as clinical a punch you will ever see in your life. &gt;&gt; Big job and role in this fight without even knowing. We're busy watching Derek Jora and Dylan White, but if you look closely at the ref, he's got his eye closed on the fight dictating how it goes, when they trade, how they trade. &gt;&gt; Well, you know when you're in a close fight and a couple of points deducted will give you that massive confidence boost. He's going to think to himself now, White. He'll be thinking, &gt;&gt; "It's close, but I'm probably ahead, but I'm definitely now winning this with the two points deducted." So, that'll give him a bit of energy. Oh yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, and that's good night. It is all over in the 11th round. Dillian White knocks Derek Jora out after a thunderous battle. Chisora got a shot in and it was a huge counter from White. This time it was emphatic. Chazora 3-1 and then boom, the left hook. And you know about Dillian White's left hooks. &gt;&gt; This ain't about me tonight, Adam. This ain't about me. But as you said, I know about that left hook. I took one flush as well. He's got a sweet left hook. And that's just something that you'll have to train for. Something you'll have to avoid when you fight Dylan White. He knows what he's doing. And as I wondered early on in the first round, why he didn't jump on Chazora early, he took his time and he fight and it finally paid off. There it is. &gt;&gt; They both landed simultaneous left hooks here, but White position over him. His front fork was over the punch and he landed with full impact. More drama in this blue ribbon division. &gt;&gt; Next, Vladimir Klitschko hurt people on their feet at ringside. Can Anthony Joshua find the punches to turn this fight around again and Klitschko looks unsteady. Hopefully, he don't punch himself out. He's doing a good job. He got to stay calm at this point. He's still got him buzz. He still got him hurt. I don't want him to pass himself out. &gt;&gt; Sloppy looking punches here from Joshua after that nice right hand that landed there early in the round. Pitsko seems to recover. Joshua almost running on empty with his experience now. Could cause problems for Josh looking for that right hand there. There's nothing in this round. Good punches landing from both men. I like the success from Joshua. What Tony Benny was saying there was Joshua needs to impose his style, put his shots together. It's all right saying it, but there's another thing doing it if you feel Joshua took it. But Joshua's going and down goes the giant Ukrainian in the same room that he lost his unbeat across purity and can he get through a minute and a half left in the 11th and Klitschko down for the second time in the fight. And this is Anthony Joshua's big chance. A huge right hand. And Klitschko is somehow trying to survive Anthony Joshua to him again. Unbelievable. See we go just gets to his feet. Will he move this through? showing all the heart and guts and courage, but he's so badly hurt. And surely Joshua is just a punch away. Well, that's the youth of Anthony Joshua. He's recovered. He's a young man and here he comes. This is great work from Joshua. What fitness, what from the fight has been stopped. Lift off for AJ. He's had to come through adversity there and recover. And this is the finish. There's the uppercut from Joshua. We thought Joshua's out and gone. Then he got himself back. But that's the youth. That's the enthusiasm. That's what it brings. Look at the uppercut there from Joshua. He's refilled the tank here with a We had a couple of rounds off after the knockdown and then he produced this &gt;&gt; against a Vladimir Klitschko who was defying father time with the light footwork, the jab, the success that he had and the unbelievable bravery too from Klitschko who so so wanted to win this. Oh, most definitely. He put everything he had into it. He said he was obsessed with getting the belts back. You know, I take my hats off to both of the fighters that risked their lives in there. They put everything on the line for 90,000 people and they did a wonderful job. So hats out to both of them and congratulations to Anthony Joshua. Unbelievable bravery shown there from both men. But ultimately the younger, fitter, fresher man prevailed in what was a fantastic night here at the Wembley Stadium. We couldn't have asked for much more. We had an amazing night here three years ago when you fought George Groves and we have eclipsed it tonight in the heavyweight division, the battle of the ages. Huge respect to Vladimir Klitschko, but Anthony Joshua made it his night coming back from the brink to deliver a punishing 11th round stoppage. And the cards at the time 9693 to Joshua, 9593 to Joshua, and 9593 to Klitschko. It was close. It was very close. And the pendulum swung back and forth, but ultimately Joshua prevailed, took over, has shown his class, and he'll grow from that. Who's going to stop Joshua now?