Kind: captions Language: en Don't let Sarrakin smother you and tie you up. Push him off. Create some space there. Drive that backhand left into the solar plexes. Sickening with body shots. And the way he just dips forwards to Rocky at times. It looks like he can walk onto something at any second. A rider just looking to try and tee him up for that. And he went into his shell there. Just stooped over with the gloves. Oh, you couldn't see anything that was coming this direction. and Srokin and I think the writing might be on the wall here. 30 seconds out from the end of round seven. &gt;&gt; He's tired here, Sarakin. And but the pressure of Ryder certainly getting to him. This is where Ryder really needs to put his shots together, find the openings, drive them into the body and go up the middle with the good body shot THERE AND HE'S DOWN. HE'S HURT. &gt;&gt; Terry O' Connor taking up the count. He's trying to get the gum shield out, I think, to give himself a bit more time if he does get back to his feet. AND THE REFEREE waves it over and John Ryder has done what he needed to do. &gt;&gt; John Ryder. &gt;&gt; And there was a welltimed sweet punch right in around the back of the elbow and he was just trying to get the gum shield out of his mouth there. And what he was doing was trying to then buy himself a bit of time if he managed to beat the eight count, but he didn't. Well, &gt;&gt; well, he's got to change his tactics. He's trying to just plow through Crawler. It hasn't worked. Good work again. Nice solid right hand from Crawler. There's another one. He's not a one punch knockout merchant crawler, but he will weigh you down. Look at the John Murray fight. And what about that body punch? Talking about the one punch knockout. I'm correct. I'm actually going to contradict myself cuz he got Darius Perez out there with that left hook to the body. Can he find one of those? &gt;&gt; AND HE'S STILL FORCING the roster TO WORK. HE STAYED ON HIS CASE RIGHT FROM THE OPENING BELL PREPARED TO LOSE THE EARLY ROUNDS. TAKE HIS BUMPS and come through them. And this is terrific stuff from him now. TACTICS PAYING OFF BODY SHOT AND HE'S DOWN AND he's out. Goes for the big breakthrough here. Still no way to go. Roso looks exhausted and beaten. I think he's done. HE'S OUT. STUNNING FOR ANTHONY. WHAT A PERFORMANCE. SENSATIONAL. THE UNDERDOG COMES THROUGH. Tactics executed to perfection. &gt;&gt; A place if you go tired and that's exactly what happened. He had nothing left. HE USED OF EVERYTHING TRYING to get Corala out of there. Didn't work and he simply had nothing left. Every punch that Corolla landed in the last round there was having effect on him. And as soon as the body shot landed, I was pretty sure it was over. Looked innocuous, didn't it? But just look at what it did. I remember Ryan Rhodess's career ended with a similar body shot. It looked innocuous, but it destroyed Ryan. And it's destroyed Barroso. And it's completely blown apart. &gt;&gt; The image that we had of him was the most dangerous man in the division. To make the adjustments, shorten up the shots, keep them straight, &gt;&gt; sharper as well with the feet. Again, you just see he's just following Smith around the ring. He's allowing Smith just to escape to the right every single time. He's just got to bring that front foot across or even the left foot. Oh, that stunned him for a second there. Beautiful. That shot stunned Sam Maxwell last time out as well. Beautifully timed. &gt;&gt; That's good. Lovely, lovely body shot from D Smith BEFORE HALFWAY IN ROUND FIVE. IS IN HUGE TROUBLE HERE AND HE'S NOT going to get up. He's not going to nearly get up and Dton Smith has produced the performance of his career. Let's look at this shot here. It's a lovely corking right uppercut. Beautiful shot there just pushing Sada back. A beautiful straight almost &gt;&gt; right in the bread basket. Yeah, the bread basket &gt;&gt; if you could draw a target on someone. &gt;&gt; That's that's pretty much where you put it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you get that typical delayed reaction to pay. Look, he's in absolute agony there. &gt;&gt; You know what? I've been saying how much of a dangerous fight this has been all week. People saying, "Oh, the P's pass is down by D." Let me tell you, this could be a big mistake. I really thought that. And in the first two rounds, it didn't look that way, but it look you you could see the dangers to pay, didn't you? You see that long left hand in the target, but he adjusted slightly drew confidence. Didn't get greedy with any success he had. Stayed disciplined and that finish there. That's the sign of a world class fight. &gt;&gt; Can Pacheco be the first? &gt;&gt; Well, it was good advice by Benvitas. He said, "Don't get overconfident cuz that's when you make the mistake with Selecti. You get overconfidence and he could throw something and hurt you. Stay sharp." &gt;&gt; Now, I love the I've loved what I've been hearing from Benitas in the corner. has been saying everything right and Pacheco's been following everything to a to a te. &gt;&gt; Pacheco's landed 10 more power punches and thrown much less 30 less. &gt;&gt; The only thing I would like to see more from PCO is body shots. Other than that, I mean, it's it's it's a it's a solid performance right now that I'M ENJOYING. &gt;&gt; THERE'S A BODY SHOT RIGHT ON TIME TO DELIVER. I DON'T KNOW IF HE'S GOING TO MAKE IT UP. &gt;&gt; HE'S NOT GETTING UP. HE IS NOT GETTING THE HEAD. It is over. DIEGO PACHECO. &gt;&gt; YEAH, right here. Diego just measuring him, hit him with that right hand and created the opportunity to land that big left hook to the liver. A shot right there even though it was partially blocked, but still had an impact on Gao. This left hook connected from Mr. a moment ago, but Bam comes right back with a missile in the left hand. That jab in front of the band is brilliant for a couple of reasons. One, it can be a power shot as we've seen for most the first half of this fight. It can also be a little bit of a range finder for sort of setting up that big left hand down the middle. &gt;&gt; That just lifted guy off his feet with a right hand right now. This is a smaller man punching like a bigger man right now. &gt;&gt; Strada briefly stationary along the ropes, gets his back off the ropes and FIRES THE RIGHT HAND. &gt;&gt; Good shot. Both of them landing at the same time right now. In fact, I think Rodriguez is one that I think. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Pam's taking the shots better. Even when he gets hit with a clean shot, he responds physically a lot better than Guana is. And that's youth. That's the fact that he still has strength in his legs. Yeah, that one too. &gt;&gt; Anytime guys start to look good, BEN JUST SWING AWAY. PUTS DOWN IN A HEAP &gt;&gt; AND HE STANDS OVER the former KING BAM Rodriguez from this man from SAN ANTONIO. BEAUTIFUL SHOT right there. No way Ga was recovering from that. &gt;&gt; I got to say, you're not going to like this, Sergio. Talk about Mexicans. That was that was a Ricky hat and UK shot. used to spin around the target. &gt;&gt; But again, you talk about footwork with a strand, he makes room and space for himself. This guy here, this young man, Bam, he does it to hurt you. He moves on the target. He stays close to the body.