Kind: captions Language: en It's really dangerous here for the winner. He's badly shaken and Johnson can taste the blood and he's going to go for the finish here. BIG SHOTS RAINING VICTOR LOUGHLIN GETS JOHNSON back to the neutral corner and THE COUNT'S BEEN TAKEN OUT, but his legs are shaking. And there's so much time in the round. And Buglioni is IN BAD TROUBLE. REALLY BAD TROUBLE. THE NEXT shot could be the end of him. Another big &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; right from Callum Johnson. That's a right hook. And Victor Loughlin has stopped it. It's a sensational [cheering] win. Just raining in. Looking for that big shot and it's a good tactic because if you've got your opponent hurt in the first round, you know you've got them cold. And his legs patented wondering there Buglioni. And from this point onwards, really, there's almost no way back for him. Make sure they get ready before the fight. &gt;&gt; His sixth first-round victory. Callum Johnson. But the problem is we just haven't seen enough of him. He won the Commonwealth title against Willbeforce Apoh. That took him nine rounds. But this is the coming-out party for Johnson and he has had difficulties, hasn't he? Mentally, physically through the last two or three years. How much that will mean to him, to Joe Gallagher, and everybody involved. &gt;&gt; Massive confidence. You know, the good boxing and the taking the punches from Burton. And Burton, you know, he's in control. But the minute Buglioni just won't be denied, will he? I think that's the beauty of the British title. How many great fights have we seen through the years with the domestic belt on the line. Right to the body from Burton. He's trying to keep a little bit more composed. Body shots come back from Shinkwin. He has to hold. Looks at his corner again there, Hosea Burton. Might have to be nursed through this. You know, he's never done anything like this before. Coming off of a a six-round win over Elvis Dube and he's NEVER BEEN BEYOND EIGHT. He's getting his flashes of confidence with these big SHOTS HE'S LANDING. BUT SHINKWIN'S still coming forward, still coming at him. So he's he's a bit unsure of how this is going to go on. He's got to push on. I mean, another big shot there. He's really rocking VICTOR [cheering] LOUGHLIN HAS STOPPED IT. IT IS OVER. HOSEA BURTON'S POWER does [cheering] prevail. There's the hug with Joe Gallagher. Yeah. Great stoppage by the referee because if that was left to continue, he would have been badly hurt. Burton doing very well. Waited his time, landed a lovely shot there. And uh credit to Burton, credit to Shinkwin, gave us a great fight. What a chin he was showing, Shinkwin. Even just to keep on his feet, but a good call from Victor Loughlin there, who's uh really one of our very, very finest referees. And I think if you look here, you can see Hosea Burton looking to the referee. I mean, when Chris Eubank did that against He feels that you know, Buglioni's going to pull those forward maybe. Burton can bob and weave his way in so there's a good stance. That's the time to really throw the right uppercut. So what a great last round here. Yeah, I think one thing's for certain as well. Frank Buglioni's definitely a light heavyweight because I feel if this was at super middleweight, he wouldn't That's some lovely right Oh, he's got him. He's got Buglioni. And Burton is down. He caught him high on the head, I think. HE CAUGHT BUGLIONI. AND BURTON IS DOWN. THE COUNT CONTINUES. He gets back TO HIS FEET. PUTS HIS GLOVES TOGETHER, but he is shaky IN THERE. HUGE RIGHT HAND THERE. Huge right on his feet. He's out on his feet. has applied the finish and HE'S WON THE FIGHT. HE DROPPED LOUGHLIN DOWN. Landed a big right hand high on the head after being hurt himself. And just, you know, it rocked Burton the head. See it there, up around the temple. Legs gone. And a huge round from Buglioni. Sorry, a huge finish from Buglioni. He scores the stoppage there. What a performance from Frank Buglioni, who's now the new British champion. Well, interestingly, we just got wind of what the scorecards were going into that final round. Two judges had Burton ahead, one by two rounds, one by four rounds. The other judge scored it level, so Burton was in control going into that final round. And those scorecards not too different from yours, but what a finish. &gt;&gt; I mean, I had I had Burton two ahead, but you know, it was a Burton actually had a scored a great combination and landed some really good punches. Drove Buglioni back across the ring into that the neutral corner there. Only for Buglioni to come back with a big kind of looping overhead right, caught him high up on the temple. If you see it, and he just erupted him badly, scored the knockdown. Legs were gone. Got In fairness to Burton, he showed good courage, got up, but he just his legs were gone. He would be He had I'll tell you one thing, both men had incredible chins. Beterbiev again, I I'm He's not a superstar in the sport yet, but he has a lot of dimensions. He is clearly a thinking man's fighter in there, and yet with his power, he could be very exciting. Nothing but knockouts so far in his career. 12 fights, 12 KOs. Oh! Johnson goes down WITH A RIGHT HAND. That was just a grazing right hand. And Johnson melts in front of it. He does not look good. It's over. Johnson is protesting, but he barely beat that count. And Beterbiev He's dynamite. There it is. That punch was It was a What do you call it? Grazing punch on the temple. &gt;&gt; It may have been that Was it the first right hand or was it the second right hand? I'm not sure yet. Cuz the second right hand of the first one landed flush. The second one over the top. And then he went down. And you can see electricity has been cut. But it was a It was kind of punch again hitting like on the temple. It throws off your equilibrium. Watch again. There's the first right hand. And there's the second. Could all be from the second right hand, right? You're right. Think you're correct. &gt;&gt; Yes. Right off the temple. Temple. Last year he said his mind wasn't right. The death of a close friend had upset him. And this so far is proving to be another tough night unless Dominic Ingle is right and this is one heck of a gamble from Ingle, just saying Bellew's going to punch himself out. Well, it's the control that's coming from the Liverpool man that's impressive. He's just not wasting punches. And again, the heads come close and Bellew looks angry there. Got him again. That anger. No, it's been waved off. &gt;&gt; [applause] &gt;&gt; Guys, this finish was sensational. See, I think uh McIntosh thought that maybe the concentration had got to him when he was appealing to the referee after the head clash. And he charged forward. He charged forward right on that tremendous right hand. I mean, that was a terrific punch from Bellew considering he wasn't really set to throw the punch. And you can see the way McIntosh's legs has pulled under him as he's landed. He has double the amount of professional fights Trent Broadhurst has got one defeat and that was by stoppage a long time ago now. But Bivol will know there is vulnerability in the Broadhurst makeup. What is there in Bivol's? We haven't seen any yet. And he looks really solid. Great jab. Not really exerted himself here, just having a look. Broadhurst jabbing, just getting his range with his feet. Obviously early on in round one, in only the fight here in round one. He's not doing anything silly. But when he unloads, we've seen it. We've seen how ferocious he looks and how good he looks. Quality shot. Solid big puncher. He's got the ramrod of the jab as well. Technically, he's very efficient. Broadhurst tries to get a right hand in. There's the judge of distance. Oh, and a BEAUTIFUL RIGHT HAND. LAYS TRENT [cheering] BROADHURST OUT. AND IT'S GOING TO BE ALL OVER. IT'S OUT OF ROUND. TRENT BROADHURST. Right hand. Bang on the chin. Bang on three minutes of the round. And what a wonderful shot with speed, precision, and class. And that's what the excitement's about. Well, have a look at how relaxed he is when he throws his right hand. And they're the shots that cause the most damage. Just a relaxed right hand. Perfectly balanced as he threw it. And it landed with full impact there. You know what? He hardly pulled it back, did he? It was so casual. &gt;&gt; So he tries to get to Craig Richards. He knows he needs a a massive 12 there. Body shots. He's got to go for it. Leave that impression on the judges. Maybe he needs a knockdown. We don't know how the cards have it. The feeling at ringside is that Craig RICHARDS IS AHEAD. &gt;&gt; [screaming] &gt;&gt; A MASSIVE LEFT HAND. AND THERE'S NO WAY HE'S GETTING UP FROM THAT. RICHARDS WINS IN A DRAMATIC WAY IN THE FINAL ROUND. AND THAT is a silencer. But firstly, I think at the end of the day, he wanted it that little bit more and was slightly fresher. That was the left hand. As Eubank Azeez was coming in, and it was good night. I mean, there was a shot before that hurt Dana Azeez. But the left hook, look at this. Right on the chin. Completely spins the head. And doubles the effect because Azeez was trying to throw his own left hand. As you see, he comes in. Attempts to throw one left hand. And Richards catches him with that left hook. Bang. Oh, on the point of the chin. The legs completely go. An exhausted fall as well, as you've said, but yeah, that that is how you get the crowd on their feet here in Accra, Ghana. In the main event that we've been looking forward to for a long, long time. So good to see Dan Azeez Beterbiev is down a second time. Beterbiev on shaky legs and a dangerous puncher in Callum Smith is all over him right now. Beterbiev needs to throw back here. Beterbiev trying to throw back. The referee having a close look at this one. Beterbiev barely with the energy to hold on. An eternity for Smith to work with here. Beterbiev's taking a thrashing here, but he's throwing back and his his eyes are open. He's aware of what he needs to do in order to stay in this fight. I think Callum Smith has made the calculation that he doesn't think Beterbiev can hurt him. So it doesn't matter the circumstances he's walking into here. He's going to walk right to him. Two good body shots. TWO GOOD BODY OH! AND DOWN GOES BETERBIEV AND NEARLY THROUGH THE ROPES. THAT is it. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; A beautiful left hook knockout from Callum Mundo Smith. Callum Smith was throwing everything with power. This punch was not. He just let it go. He kept it really loose. He used it as a counter. It was a catch and shoot shot with the left hook. Caught Beterbiev high in the head. Beautiful catch and shoot. Short punch over the top. Very, very nice punch and it's it's the punch he wasn't trying to hurt him with that he caught him with. &gt;&gt; That's a very tough punch to get hit with, too. When you get caught in that area, that can discombobulate you. Yeah, those high in the head shots give you that little quick in the neck, can take your legs away. And speaking of taking the legs away, this double left hook body head as Beterbiev was throwing his own left hook. That's the worst time to get hit with a left hook. It's like a head-on-head collision. I tip my hat to Beterbiev. He is a warrior. He was throwing shots while hurt and that's why he got knocked out the way he did. A devastating knockout. Wow. Whittaker's work ethic is there, but it is a shocking punch. 12 stone 7, but he's difficult. Lovely body shot. Had a big right hand. In the first round, inside the opening two minutes. It was blurring hand speed from Whittaker. Accuracy. Looks at his corner, says he's intent on making another statement and Gavronski looks open and novicey. Ah, class. Absolute class that was. Didn't load up with anything. It was the speed, as you say, the accuracy. And the place will look at this. BIG SHOTS. GAVRONSKI IN A HEAP OF TROUBLE. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; WHITTAKER WITH THE LEFT HAND SHOT. WHAT A KNOCKOUT. Ben Whittaker shines. Let's really see where he's at. [music] Yeah, that's what we wanted to see, didn't we? I mean, look, the first knockdown, Tony. Again, it's the speed, isn't it? He's speedy. He's a bit more spiteful, I think it's fair to say, than Andy Lee as well. I I said even when he was warming up on the pads, I said Gavronski, he's going to struggle with the speed and he looks like a He looked heavy underneath even on the pads when I seen him warming up, but I just thought the speed isn't there at the end. When you get him with someone like Ben Whittaker, like I said, an Olympic silver medalist, he has the pedigree and he's so sharp. And that last shot, you know, listen, he's in a bit of a bad way. Thankfully, Gavronski's okay, but as I said, me and me and Dave were talking off air and you we're not going to know where he's at. And the barometer here is a guy like a Craig Richards, is a guy like a Dan Azeez, but they might have team missed a step too far right now. It's got to it's you need someone those rounds like Liam Cameron in the rematch. Like I said, his career was on the line. You seen a completely different &gt;&gt; Jab, jab when he jabs, look for that left hand to the body. Yeah, exactly. You can't beat the bread and butter and and and Bodie is a a perfectionist and he's always constantly reaffirming that. Don't forget the jab. Bring your feet in. Keep your distance. Keep your balance. Don't reach. And that's what he wants Callum to do, you know, step in behind that double jab. And he said, "Relax, you know, don't look for the knockout. Just keep touching that body." You got to respect a guy like Castillo. He's been 12 rounds with Demetrius Bivol, he's been 12 rounds with Marcus Browne. He was an Olympian. This is a very, very competent, tough guy. He's a He's a natural light heavyweight. Callum Smith, even though he's huge for the weight, this is his first fight boxing a guy at 175 lb. So, you know, he's got to give him that respect. He's got to, you know, break this guy down. He's got to Great right hand. Backhand Smith cheated him perfectly. Castillo is shaking badly here and referee Bob Williams does exactly the right thing and waves this off without the count. That was a textbook, picture-perfect right hand Callum Smith.