Kind: captions Language: en Brock. What's up? Made you look your dirty st your mother took a nick took a took [laughs] you got it brother. This fight is the most important of my career right now, so I plan to be ready, put on a great show, a great spectacle, and be champion that night. [music] Since I arrived here in the United States, I always knew I had the level to be here. I simply had to prove it, and that's what I'm doing. You know, my people, we're active here in Philadelphia, my people. January 24th. Let's break it, my people. I am aware that each fight I have is more difficult. The higher I climb, the more difficult the battles become. This is my first opportunity for the title, so every preparation, every training camp has to be with more intensity, with more desire, with more enthusiasm so that the result can come. First time I saw him in her sp I'm like he was going to be he was going to be a nasty nasty nasty world champion you know when time doesn't come it man you have here you go here you go uh when I knew when he first came here they had gave me a call uh his manager gave me a call and ask me uh would like to you know work with Andy I said first of all you got to sit down so I can take a look at you know I mean I just don't work with people you know over the phone or nothing like that you know I mean you sit down here and I work with him see what he got let you know from So when he came down here he fit right in you know I mean came in everybody love man you know I mean good respectful fighter man you know I mean everybody loves you You know what I mean? And he picked up a lot of stuff that I taught him, do you know what I mean? I never changed him. I'll just add it on. It's a positive pressure because I think that when you prepare well, you greatly reduce the possibility of something going wrong in the ring, and combined with the talent you have, talent and work, I think, make for practically perfection, and that's why I prepare. I don't rely on my talent; I always prepare 100% so that everything goes well in the ring. Since I arrived here they welcomed me like a family and I feel like one of the family and with each camp I feel more comfortable and I always learn something. I don't stop learning on this site. Phew! Lots of training. The new World Champion made me exert a little bit of force. Oh. I present to you the best meal in this story, here from Philip. Oh, I think that for the level of preparation that is done, in addition to good rest, good nutrition is also needed. I see that everything goes hand in hand. Well, it's my seasoning, my Cuban seasoning, my roots, my rice, my beans, my pork, you know? My jupiña, which I love. Cool. So that it tastes exotic. Something to achieve it. I have my first opportunity for a title that I knew was going to come sooner or later and I plan to make the most of it when I have the hands, not that's how it is, that's the most psychopath of all because it's a style that combines very well with my Cuban style. I came from Cuba with my style, so rather than changing the style, I made adaptations, like a mix of Fico's bagging style with Cuban style, and I think they make a good mix. Andy, Andy plays that thing every day, right? Wearing the same clothes. Yes sir. Leo, don't go too far. In this match, my idol is Cristiano Ronaldo. Ronaldo the bug. Yes, yes, yes. That's always been my idol . [music] Right here. Let's get it. Go. Two. Two. Speed and speed and [music] use your one more. One more. And maneno also gets sick. Talent without work is nothing.