Kind: captions Language: en Bit of bit we bake, bit of porridge. Just get something on your stomach before first session of the day. Get up, get some breakfast straight to the gym. Every morning, same thing. It's a good job I live so close to the gym cuz if not, I'll probably be late every day. All my life I've been living like this since I was about 15, 16. So, it's just another day. This is just how you got to live if you want to get to the top. Obviously, now I've got kids, it's a little bit harder, but it just needs to be done. Just got to put roof over their head, put food in their belly, and that's what it's all about. Been there much every weekend. &gt;&gt; Have you? Yeah. Got &gt;&gt; get away from it. &gt;&gt; It's enough being here through the week. It's got to be done. That's the job in it. That's the job. Got loads of great fighters in here. Moses, Cameron, Luke, Royston, Shabbaz, Leewood, Aloy. There's loads of us. Do you mean all good fighters all close together? [Music] top everybody. Oh, this is okay. We don't know. &gt;&gt; He's a special talent, but when I fight, they send me videos of Pat doing certain things so I can get better at it. Um yeah, like I said, he's a special talent and um he's in the right place now. Mentally, he's in the right place. Expect a big performance in two weeks time. What makes Pat stand out? I would say very, very coachable, &gt;&gt; very good processing, great thinker, spiteful. He's got all the ingredients, all the ingredients that you'd want, all the ingredients that you look for. Not even in the next two years, in the next 12 months, I think he needs to be ready for a world title. You know, there's a few fights out there that I think are great. I know there's the, you know, Connor Walker's about the British scene. as the European champion that I would love for Pat to be able to get that title. I think if Pat fights for that European title next, I could be wrong, but I think he'd be the quickest the least amount of fights to win a European title, which is a great accolade to have. And that then takes, you know, it's a big jump up and and a great um taking a big step into the right direction where we need to be. And then we'd look at names, you know, such as the Regis Progrades and names like that, the fringe world level guys that are going to get him ready for end of next year fighting for a world title. In my opinion, once he makes that jump up, captures, you know, European title or gets a good world level name on his resume, then I think it it becomes a different situation. So I believe that that's the goal for the next 6 months and then within the next 12 months, the goal needs to be a world title. Uh to be honest, I'm eating quite comfortably. So just trying to get the carbs in. Bit of granola, bit of yogurt, bit more energy for me next session. Got SNC at 3:00, so just fueling up for them. Dump pads this morning. Ready to go. [Music] What the boxes work in boxes are not slow. You know someone keeps me there. &gt;&gt; This is the camp diet. This is how it is. Normally I get chips and garlic bread, but got to keep healthy. It is what it is. Another day done. One more day closer to being a millionaire. movement wise, stretching wise. &gt;&gt; Stretching I do a lot of stretching. &gt;&gt; That's good. Okay. There's nothing &gt;&gt; sometimes I do stretching though and I end up tighter. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; There you go, mate. This short form is so tight there. There's nothing wrong with the ligaments. Nice one. Appreciate it, mate. Thank you. Top of the range. Feel brand new. Feel brand new. &gt;&gt; Thanks for watching. Tune in to me fight 6th of September live on the zone. Come on.