Kind: captions Language: en Do you know why we haven't caught a fish? You're going to blame me? Cuz you shut the up. Hello and welcome to episode one of a brand new series. We want to get to know the people behind the fighters. What do they do out of camp? Your big dosser. What are their hobbies, their pastimes? Who better to start with than Mr. Daltton Smith for a spot of fly fishing? All the gear and absolutely no idea. That's what they say about D. Don't speak too soon, Jeremy. Let's catch some fish. We'll give it a go. I feel the part. I feel like I'm about to catch some fish. Oh no. What's the one fight that people ask you about the most? I think everybody knows the Adam is in fight. Yes. Get in there. Won't blow it. Might come off. Just don't snap the rod if you fall. No worries, mate. That will be leg. Bloody hell. If we don't catch a fish here, then I'll retire. Right. I'll I'll quickly show you roughly what we're doing. Yeah. Wait, hang on, Doc. Just before we start, we'll do the bug spray first. All right. Bug spray. Yeah. Are you a man or a mouse? I'm getting bit. Rub it in. Watch that tattoo might come off. Rub it in. Come on. Man or a mouse? Yeah. Come on then. Spin round. I'm all right. I got it. You got it on. Yeah. Pick. Told you. I can't be good for that. So, the aim of the game is you need to catch a fish. So basically this is your bait, the little fly at the end. Yeah. That's going to run on the bottom. Obviously hoping to for a fish to take it. The bite is like a little knock. So once you lift your rod, if there's a fish on, you'll feel it. Take the slack out your line. Lift it up. That's it. Now you're trying to match the speed of that river going down. Little adjustments. I know. I got something there. It's a bush. Any skills you can draw from this to boxing? Do you know what? It's just being patient. If something's not working, you got to change your method a little bit. How often do you try and come down here? Once a week, a little bit of time, you can switch off. Um, obviously it's peaceful. Therapeutic. Good on the old shoulders, isn't it? It's a secret. Where the guns come from. Phase one not successful. That's But built in a day. Teaching Jeremy how to fly fish. M. I tell you, I'll be in Fishermania 2026. Have you ever watched that? I've been. I've done it. You've done fishing, mate? No, not the actual competitive one. Come now, I've not done that. I've done the matching one, though. You did all right, did you? Didn't Johnny Fisher beat you? Uh, I think Johnny Fisher beat me. Fishing B. Oh, we'll find some good spots where you'll There's a high chance you'll fall. I don't want to fall, obviously. That would be all right. Come on. Right. Go on. You think though, 18 fights in English, British outright, Commonwealth, European, WBC, Silver. Is that probably where you thought you'd be? Rough time frame is what I expected. And my dad always said he'd want me to fight for like world titles 28 29. So they'd like to sell we're on track. No slip ups yet. Touch wood. What's been your favorite night you've had so far? Can I tell you mine? Even though no one cares. Sam Amaze on. Yeah, that was a good night to be fair. That was like my first homecoming. That was epic. First headline. British title. First headline obviously. So that was a big night. Probably said the Sam Maxwell fight obviously winning the British outright. That was big. Tremendous. To do that all night. What a shot. That was always massive, too, wasn't it? That was always big. I always wanted to win a British title outright. Whatever happens, I'll always have that. Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I said watch them brand pass. Close your eyes. Why? Why? I mean, cover your eyes so you don't get I was thinking what? Easy. Cuz a Peter fight was big. That's good. Lovely. Lovely body shot. Big attack from Dton Smith and he's not going to get up. Really that was a fight where my name got propelled up onto the world scene and obviously Zapeda great fighter and I think it was the fashion I did that you know I got a Peter out of there and I think that really got my name there in the in the world like I said propelled my career up. Eddie's interview was pretty good after as well. Oh, is that when I called Adam out? Yeah. Listen, I haven't got too much to say to Adam other than I dare you. I dare you to fight Doran Smith. I'm not being funny though. The whole point of this series is it's meant to be what you're good at. Do you know why we haven't caught a fish? What? You're going to blame me? Cuz you shut the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. But if you go down here, I know a good spot. If I don't catch a fish here, then I'll retire. So, I'm not being funny. It's quite embarrassing because there's a bloke down here. He's caught about 50 time. You know what looks more embarrassing? You win them [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] weirders. Fair point. No, we'll get go on path and walk down. All right then, kid. Do I not look natural? Easy work. Little twinkle toes. I always think when you come fishing, it's always best to come on your own. Why is that? Catch more fish. Is that Is that genuinely cuz you're disturbing the water? Yeah. It's like where like you say we're fishing now. Obviously we're being loud like you say you've got to come up be quiet like the huh I can't hear you got another fish. Oh right. Um so yeah when you quiet quiet on your own down there when you are walking about what's the one fight that people ask you about the most? I think everybody know it's the Adam fight. It's in high demand. Obviously, I'd love for it to happen, but it takes two to tango. And um and like you say, at the minute, it's when are you bringing a world title or more when are you gonna punch Adam in him? So, it's e it's either one of those two. So, I know what my supporters want me to do. When his name keeps getting mentioned in conversation with you, you must want to put it to bed somewhat. Honestly, I take it with a pinch of salt until it happens. Like, I've got a lot going on in my career. I've got a lot I want to achieve. And as a fighter, you always want that dance partner, the like you said, the big grudge matches and and for us that the fight's there. But like you said, that's only a small snippet in my career. There's a lot more I want to achieve, not just fight Adam. If you and Adam fought tomorrow, what do you think would happen? Let's ask you. I'm going to ask you what you think's going to happen. I don't give my opinion. I'm a company man. I think it's a great fight and I mate, we're all fans really. Everyone who works in the media is a fan. That's why we cover the sport. I just think it's a fight that needs to happen. Got a fish, baby. No, we need to find his daddy. Tiny catch of the deer. Yeah. You ready? It's a bit embarrassing this, isn't it? We'll call this one Adam. What's life like for you in Sheffield now? Can you still walk about? Don't get me wrong, it's to no extent like Conor McGregor walking in a restaurant, do you know what I mean? But um when you like say if you ring up a restaurant or you turn up at a restaurant and it's packed, can you just walk up and go, "Come on, mate." Yeah. Like people people always ask people always ask for pictures and that, but yeah, like everyone just seems to be all right. Been nice and active this year as well. two fights in in 2025, one first round knockout, one 12 rounder. Two completely different fights, but obviously having the little layoff last year with the injuries and stuff, I just wanted to get back in, be active. I had two great performances. You know, I was able to get 12 rounds in. I've not been able to get the championship rounds in for the last couple of years. You know, I think that was a fight as well where, you know, to work somewhere, you've got you've got to, you know, be a bit more patient. Yeah. I just think it sets me up well going into a world title fight. It's boxing. You can't just go in there and one punch knock out everyone. It's It don't work like that. I do have to ask you obviously D massive fight coming up in New York July 12th. It looked like, didn't it, that the next fight after Germaine was going to be against Puel for the world title. That fight now ordered of course between him and Sabril Matias. How do you see that one? Both top fighters, but I can just see Puelo coming through, you know, making it messy and, you know, I think Puelo will be, you know, a bit too slick. can see him coming out of that fight, you know, still the champion. Any plans for you, Dalt? New York. Head over there, cause a bit of trouble, jump in the ring, smash the place up. Definitely going over to the fight. I know it's not really in your nature to talk rubbish, but you got to be seen. You got to make a bit of noise, isn't it, in this game? Of course, you've got to make some noise, but they think, "Oh, it's the Dalton Smith show cuz it's not. It's their night at the end of the day." But, you know, I'm only there just to let them know. Whoever the champion is or whoever comes out as a winner, that's what I want next. Are you confident that could be next? The winner of that versus Dton Smith? maybe in Sheffield. I'd like to walk up to, you know, world title in my hometown. You know, dreams come true. But to be fair, wherever the fight is, if it's on the moon, I'll go there and fight. But if I could choose, definitely in my hometown. And if I could really pick everyday Hillsborough, get that world title, and then like I said, those those big dreams can can really happen. I don't think my rods have even been in the water for the whole time. I was just I was just looking at the uh thing you told me to keep on top of the water. Do you watch much boxing? I like watching Bam. Bam. Rodriguez. Good fighter. Obviously, I wanted Sunny to kick his ass, but now I think Bam's one hell of a fighter. Obviously, I like Canelo. Didn't you call your dog Canelo? Call him a dog Canelo. Yeah. Just getting a little name drop in there. I've met him a few times. You know, that's what happens when you're big time. Oh, yeah. That's what they say. That's when your ego start. To be fair, one thing I'll say about Canelo is so we've done two of his fights, the schedule was in both fights in Vegas. You've never seen a schedule like it at media and he turned up on time to everything. So polite, professional. Maybe you should take a leaf out of his book. I mean, I think I like to think I'm quite polite and Ginger. When you're out and you do come out fishing and you have time to yourself. Yeah. Do you think about the future quite a lot? Honestly, when I when I come fishing, I literally think about nothing. And I think that's the the therapeutic part about it. Let's speak it into existence. Then you fight for the world title. You have that big moment. What what does the motivation become for you then? Time will tell because I don't know how I'll feel, you know, once I win a world title and I've had those big fights as of now. You know, all my dreams and ambitions are, you know, they're right there. I'm I'm yet to achieve them. So 28 now. 28. I'm young. I'm just coming into my prime. At least you look it. We're not we're not commenting that one. You would never believe that we were the same age. It's that good old bottle of hairspray what keeps you. I must admit I must admit though. Remember that we did that poll on Instagram. Who looks older than me adult? I lost. Right. I lost heavily. However, everyone said I look younger. Yeah. Yeah. 75% I think. Yeah. So, I actually think it's harsh. Truth hurts sometimes, J. Truth hurts. I'll get a bit of work done at some point. I've got to if I'm going to be on TV. What would you get done? I know you joke about the hair. I think the hair is okay. Yours? I think it's all right. Yeah. No, your hair is sweet. Yeah, I think so. There's a Listen, there's a reason one of us has a hat on and one of us doesn't. Not bothered about the win. Not bothered about I remember remember that shoot we did where you at talk sport. Remember that? Yeah. But and I think was it new sign in took Daltton Smith up to talk sport and put it this way. We took about 50 photos. We could only use two. That were a bad storm though. It was it was windy, right? That's all I'm going to say. And with that should take the helmet. What's wrong with that? Can't blow it. It might come off. Blow it off. Right. Keep the tension. Don't take the slack out. Right. Can you feel the fish on the end? Pull it towards you. That's a decent fish, that one. Pull it in. Yes. Get in there. You've got the biggest fish of the day. I've caught the biggest one of the day. Look at that. It's a monster. Hold that. Oh no. What are you calling? He's so slimy. That's right. Top of the CV. It's the one. Fly fishing with Smith. You're going to cause a bit of trouble in New York. That's what everyone wants to know. I mean, I'm going to be there. I want you to slide in the ring after the main event, WWE style. We'll see. See if we cause some um carnage. Top man. Been a good day. Big pleasure. Top man. Top man. Always. Is this a picture or a video? That's a video, but we'll screen grab it. look at each other and like laugh. You like [Laughter]