Kind: captions Language: en All right, ladies and gentlemen, welcome back to another episode of Match Room Radio with David Diamonte. This is episode 82. We are at Madison Square Garden. We are right next to the big stage right here where uh tomorrow night, this man to my left is going to be performing. Terram Moana. Terana, great to see you, my brother. Thanks. No, good, mate. Good to be here. Um, yeah. You know, everyone wants to be in Madison Square Garden and on my USD I get a good fight. So, yeah, can't wait. Have you ever been here before? Nah, first time in New York. I've only ever been to Colorado, but um yeah, you know, you see all this in the movies and just walking through the streets going like we went to Central Park. We're going to go Empire State Building later. It's like you just see it in the movies and it's pretty it's just cool to be here. That's great, man. Listen, I know that feeling because I I'm a traveler myself. I like to travel and there's a special feeling the first time I see these things I've heard about my whole life, you know, I go across to England for the first time, I don't know how many years ago, and I see Big Ben. Oh, wow. And I see So, I I appreciate that feeling and I love that you're having that now. And I love that you're getting to fight here. This is the the world's most famous arena, the mecca of boxing. That's it. And this is going to be your eighth pro fight. Yeah. Yeah, this will be the eighth one. I would I would say it's my fourth pro fight because I had four fights before I went back to the amateurs and since signing with Metroom, this is my fourth fight. Yeah, eight in total, but I'm still fairly new to this pro game and I'm looking forward to the journey and the ride is taking me. Like, who would have thought I'd be in New York in Moana? I'm excited to watch it, too. Yeah. I'll tell you, if you guys don't know who this gentleman is, he's a heavyweight prospect. Um, you fight out of Brisbane. Yes. But you proudly represent Cook, your Cook Island heritage. Yes. Um, now that's on your father's side. Yeah. Yeah. So, I was um I'm half Australian from my mother and half Cook Island through my father. The reason why I'm so proud is cuz I was brought up with my father in the around the community in the culture. And um yeah, no one's heard of it before. Like maybe a few, but you know, in Polynesia, like the Cook Islands, we're very small with a population of less than 30,000. And for one of us to be here in New York fighting on the biggest arena in the world, it's like it's an accomplishment. And um this is not this is not the end goal. I want to be world champ. I want to be undisputed eventually and put our like we're the best fighters. I believe that we got what it takes to be the best fighters in the world, but we just haven't had that system that um the training and the coaching in the Corg islands before, but now that we've moved to Australia where the land of milk and honey, as my grandfather called it, um yeah, now the fruits produced is is me. You speak of your grandfather. I know he's very important to you. Can you tell us a bit about him? Yeah, so my grandfather is named Terano Tangu. He um he was a teacher in the Cook Islands. I would say the 50s. I don't know exactly when he was born, but um yeah, he he had a vision for our family to move to New Zealand in the land of Milkahani. And then when my father was a teenager, he moved to Australia. So yes, I I give a lot of respect to my grandfather, but I also like give a lot of respect to my father because everything I've learned like comes from him as well. And I just believe me being here, I'm a representation of my family and all the lessons that they have taught and I'm just glad to be able to represent us on the world stage. And your name originally is Samson. No, it's Tamuana. So my first name is Tamana. Okay. It's uh I'll just say a few of my middle names so people don't like you know um Samson is my middle name. Okay. And Terana is my my family name. Okay. So in Australia when I tell people my name is Tedona, they used to ask for a nickname because it's a bit hard to say. So I used to allow them to call me Samson when I was younger. So everyone from the ages from 0 to 21, they used to call me Samson. And let me get back to the name. My father really loved the name. He he he's the one who called me Samson. He really believed that when I get that name, I will get the attributes of the person which Samson is a biblical person who was the strongest person in history. I I know very well if he uh he he was a Nazerite so he had promises with God. He had multiple but the one he kept was growing his hair and that's what pretty much gave him his strength. So that was the name my father gave me. But when I was born my grandfather called him and said, "What'd you name him?" He said, "Steamson." He said, "No, you got to name him Tamana." And then so that's how I got my name. And then um yeah, people used to call me Samson up until I was 21. And because my grandfather passed away when I was 20, I decided after my 21st birthday that I'm going to carry his name on. So he's still around. So like when everyone's saying my name here and I see it on the stage, like I'm doing a good job because you're carrying his legacy on. His name is in New York now. His name is all over the world and like that's what I'm doing it for. It's not for me. It's for my family. Yeah. So you talk about the the name Samson and the power of the hair. Yes. So there is something to your hair also. Can you tell us about that? Yes. So um from my 21st birthday when I asked everyone to call me by my first name. Since that day I haven't cut my hair and I'm growing it because I'm the new and improved Samson. But yeah. Yeah, I haven't cut my hair for the last what is it 8 years now and um yeah, I plan to do so until the end of my career and then when it's done it's like I don't need my strength anymore. I I'll retire. Oh, you always need your strength. But and I always say it's not how you wear your hair, it's what's inside your head. But at the same time, it doesn't hurt. There's a lot of power in it. Yeah, there's a lot of power. And like where we're from in the Cook Islands, it was the warriors grow their hair as you see in many of the cultures around the world. The Vikings used to grow their hair, have their top knot, and then even the Polynesians, they grew their hair because it's like they call it mana. It's like it's like energy like um and I also believe that with me traveling around the world since I turned 21. All that experience is stored in my hair like I've got I've got all this now and like all this is this is the physical growth that you can see since I became tamana and like you know there a lot of energy in it. Yeah, a lot of power, but all my power comes from God. So, the Cook Islands are mostly they're with New Zealand. Like you said, your dad was thought he was going to go to New or your grandfather wanted to go to New Zealand, but your dad ended up Brisbane. How'd that happen? Oh, it was just um I heard he was just maybe like had a troubled youth and then he got sent to New Zealand to stay with my uncle and um Okay. That's kind of how it started. So my uncle was here first and then yeah he grew up here and then he so New South Wales then he moved to Queensland and then I was born in New South Wales. We moved to Queensland then I've been there ever since and it's the best country in the world. Australia like it's multicultural then we got so much opportunity there yet a lot of people over there like I'm talking from my own experience like we don't take advantage of the opportunity we kind of like stuck in our ways but I'm hoping that through me and people can see that if you just give a little bit of effort like you can pretty much achieve anything you want to achieve. And speaking of Australia, you were supposed to fight there last week. Oh yeah. Yeah. So, what happened with that was the Gio Paya card. Yeah. We're supposed to fight in uh June 8th. Like we have been struggling to get fights in Australia for for a long time. Yeah. If you've seen this guy fight, I don't blame him. Like Yeah. So, we're supposed to have a fight a week out. We got news that my opponent uh pulled out due to co. So, my team was on on the go trying to I don't know who it is, but I hope he's okay. His name was Jaipal Singh. Hope he's okay. But he got co Yeah. But um Yeah. So, he pulled out. So my team was on to other people trying to get replacements and I know they went through three four people and like it all fell through and then lucky for me I got the best team in the world. Brian Peters was on to Eddie and said like get him on this card and then here we are. What do you know about Alm Whitfield? What I know about him is he's 9 and0. Obviously we haven't had too much time to study him. Uh he he's had two stints in his pro career like I have. He used to fight at Cruiser and then he's come back I think like five or something years out and he's come back. He's had two fights, both wins by disqualification. So, you know, might be a fun night come tomorrow night, but you can do what you want. I don't really care. That's my ring. I own that ring and if you step in, you're going to have to deal with me. Where does that mentality come from? I believe I don't know. I've always had this mentality since I was young. Uh I always believed that whatever I do, I could do it. But when I was younger, I didn't want to. Like I didn't want to prove to anyone that I could do this. I didn't want to prove to you like I could do that. But since I got my name, that gave me my drive. And I chose the sport of boxing cuz I thought it was one of the hardest things to do in the world. And if I can accomplish this, why can't you like why can't my family like accomplish something that's cuz I thought it was harder like something a little bit lower. But um anything you can do anything but with my family, my culture, we we actually descendants of warriors like this warrior named Tarat. He went he was one of the greatest warriors in the the Pacific. He ended up in New Zealand and like started a a thing over there. So in our culture, New Zealand come from the Coug Islands and yeah, I'm just the embodiment of of my my forefathers really. When did you first lace up a pair of gloves? First lace up. Uh my first fight was at 14. I started boxing at 12. In Australia, we got to support called Rugby League. I used to play that from the ages 6 to 12 and then got into boxing. But I never never had a thing for it. I was always a natural athlete type thing, but uh with boxing, you got to want to do it. E, you got to want to be there. You got to want to fight. You got to want to go through the trenches. You cuz you're trying to prove something. But for me, I never wanted it. Didn't really care. So, I was able to compete with the best, but I just couldn't get over that that hill. I was at the top of the hill here, but I just couldn't get over that that thing. And Justice was the number one at that time. And who you fought? Who have I fought? Yeah. In the amateurs multiple times. And did you see his fight last week? Yeah. Yeah. No, it was a good fight. From what I understand, you're not the biggest boxing fan. Yeah. He's not the biggest fan of the sport. Because when I was younger, I wasn't into it. Like you supposedly you met Alexander Usyk. You didn't even know who he was. No, I knew who he was. You did? Okay. That's not true. Somebody told me that. Oh, cuz it in the back um before the Olympic Games cuz I fought Ukraine. He walked past and I was like, "Oh, okay. There goes." Yeah, it's just another person. What did you think of the Hoon fight against Bley? You know, I think the fight speaks for itself. Justice was out boxing him, out casting him. Like we got that caliber of boxing in Australia, you know, but um yeah, this heavyweight boxing, one punch can change it all. And that's why I like it cuz one punch can change it all. I'm not trying to gas you up, but I just I want people to understand we we did your first fight in Monaco. Yes. First fight with us. Yes. And I've sat ringside for I just can't tell you how many fights. heavyweight fights, big fights, whatever. The sound of your punches landing on the guy, it was something different. Yeah. And I was like, "Oh, man." And you made quick work of them. No. Yeah. Got got the job done. You got the job done. And Yeah. I reckon it all comes down to when I went in the amateurs. I I learned how to be a professional. And you had a lot of knockouts in the amateurs, which is not that's not so typical. Yeah. Cuz I'm a big boy. I walk around at 120 kilos. That's my fight weight. 6'6 and I eat a lot and I'm fast, you know. What do you like to eat? Oh, so my favorite food is f Oh, like Vietnamese. Vietnamese. It's pretty healthy, too. So, it's not too bad. Good. But, um, yeah, I must have a bit of power. I never thought I was a heavy heavy hitter. I'm just I think when speed meets power, it's like Yeah, cuz I'm pretty I'm pretty quick for a big boy. like um yeah, I'm probably as fast as some of the four small four small followers to be honest. And I can say this, I was the fastest on the Australian boxing team. I was the fastest sprinter. Okay. So, you got you got you got speed also. Yeah, it just comes down to genetics. I got those fast fast twitch fibers and then now that we're actually fine-tuning it in the gym with SNC conditioning, it's starting to Yeah, I'm starting to get stronger. You mentioned Brian Peters, uh your manager. How did you guys hook up? So, how we hooked up, I know it was through um Angelo Dalo in Australia. Uh but all this stuff was happening behind the scenes. So, as I was doing my amateur career, I had my team behind me and they were in discussions with Brian. Um that's all I really know. And then after my Olympic uh campaign, pretty much straight after I lost, I had a meeting with Brian the next day. He flew in from Ireland to meet me in Paris. And then yeah, we had a talk and then yeah, the rest is history. It's a good team to be on. Small but elite team. That's it. Yeah. And I put it all down to my team. The the guidance and the coaching I've had. Um it doesn't take one person. It doesn't take just me to get here. You know, there's a lot of people behind the scenes. Of course. But you're the guy. You're where the rubber meets the road. Charma, Brian Peters. If you don't win, none of that happens. Yeah. So yeah, but you're right. There's a whole team for sure. Yeah, but you're the guy. You're taking the punches. I'm the one in the ring. You're the one in the ring. There's so much that goes on behind the scenes. Correct. The ring is just, you know, train hard, fight easy. So, the fighting is that's the fun part. The fun part. I love it. Yeah. No, without a doubt. Without a doubt. And it shows, you know, you have a different type of demeanor. I mean, you love to dance, you love music, you're an easygoing guy, but you lay it down when it needs to happen, which I really respect and I really love. Thank you. Yeah. like it's just an experience for me like being here in New York. What an experience to be here to fight on the biggest uh arena in the world. Why not enjoy it? But brother, you fought all over the world. Hungary, Usuzbekistan, I many play. There's a litany of countries that you've been through. What's some of your favorite countries that you fought in? I would say Paris, like USA, Colorado. I haven't fought here, but I reckon here will be pretty mean. Um, Australia. No, everywhere. I I enjoy the whole process, the journey. Um, yeah. Let's talk about Usbekistan. Yeah. Let's talk about Jala Love. Exactly. No, he's a good fellow, you know. He's real humble behind the scenes. He is. He's a lovely guy. That whole like Majan Akmad Akmad AliV. Yes. Shakram Guiasov, Hassan Boy, Dusmatov, Israel Madramov, Becameir Melakuzv, and Jala Love. They're great guys. Yeah. Over great guys. They're good. Really good fighters. But you've got a thing with Jala Love. You fought them twice now. Yeah. Yes. Yes. The first time was a little early. Yeah. The first time like I give no respect to anyone who gets in the ring. Like Yeah. They might be world champion. Sure. And like doesn't matter to me. they might have all these accolades and like right is this supposed to mean something like yeah that's my attitude but um yeah the first fight like I thought it stopped a bit short but you know that was at the beginning of my international campaign I think that was my six sixth fight back in the amateur and it was in his backyard also in that was ohistan that was a cool place to fight you know I was the underdog everyone was cheering for this fellow like the energy was so cool did you That did you you like being cheered against? Yeah, I loved it. They like in the moment. Oh, it was so it was so good. And then right like Yeah, they they stopped it short. I was real annoyed with the decision like of course. Yeah, but that that's boxing, you know. And um even at the Olympics h I still believe I won that fight, but you know, you leave it up to the judges. They they can um decide something else. Decision. Yeah. No, I think they ended up putting it. See what I mean? It wasn't a split. No, it was a split. They Yeah, it was unanimous. 5-0 is what they come to. And oh well, the first round should have been unanimous to me. Oh well. You beat a Ukrainian for the first uh Yeah, the first round. So the first round I beat the Ukrainian. Um he beat me. It was my first loss in the international scene and then after two years we came back and he couldn't even Yeah. He couldn't take me the distance cuz I just Yeah. transformed into a new beast. But yeah. So, do you foresee meeting Jal Love in the future in the pros? I hope so. Yeah, because I don't How do you How do you envision that fight going down? He's going down. Yeah. You know, like won't be able to Yeah, I know he probably watches all the stuff that I say about him, but he's a good runner. Maybe he should go join track and field track and field like um and go represent us at the 100 me sprints cuz he's good at running. But um when it comes to a real fight, everyone knows at the Olympics that you know if he didn't run and he stand there. But you know that's boxing. Good boxer. I give all respect to him. But no respect when we're in the ring. It's a fight that I think it's going to have to happen. Yeah. Get it get it lined up. Someone it's going to have to happen. It might not happen next. Might not. But I don't know when it's going to happen. Yeah. Eventually. But I think this fight has to happen. I think the fans want to see it. Yeah. 100%. I think you definitely want it. And you know, Bakadir, he's he's probably wants to fight also. I mean, I don't know if he does. Maybe he doesn't want to fight. Oh, fighters fight. So, fighters fight. If he's a real fighter, he will fight. Exactly. Fighters fight. That's it. But so you did four amateur or four pro fights and then you went to the Olympics. Yes. Would you consider and now you're you've done three more. This is going to be your fourth pro fight after the Olympics. Would you consider going back to the Olympics? You know there's me personally I'm here set on the goal for world champion. Okay, but I wanted a gold medal. So, who knows? Maybe maybe see what happens. My goal is to become world champion undisputed prove the point because I wasn't able to prove the point at the Olympics due to the judging. Um is this one of the reasons why you've got seven knockouts in seven fights? You want to take the judges out of it? Yeah. Like is that part of it? That's the plan. Yeah. And like if you if you can get them out, you win. Yeah. You don't have to oh stand there wait for the decision like oh who won, right? If you can get them out, you win. Yeah. So that's how I see it. So talk about meeting Usyk and you talk about you want to be world champ. You want to be undisputed, but there's a big fight coming up between Usyk and how do you view that fight? I think Usyk is just levels above like a lot of the heavyweight fighters at this point in time. Um, I would love to fight Usyk. I would love to fight all these boys, you know, like this is what it's all about. You want to test yourself against everyone and I believe I got the attributes to be the best. So, anyone who steps in the ring, but with that fight, I think Usyk is just going to be too good of a boxer. He's going to dance around him. Yeah, Dubois might have learned a few things from his last fight, but I don't think he's going to be able to handle the champ. Um, okay. We've got some uh some questions here from the fans that I want to ask you. Um, give me a second here to see what these questions are. Um, okay. Actually, before we go to the fan question, I just wanted to ask you a little bit about the domestic scene um with the guys like um Joseph Goodall, um Dempsey McKeen, um you know, Jackson Murray, guys like this, like the fringe guys back in the Australia circuit. Are you familiar with these guys? What do you what do you feel about the scene going on over there now? I think Australian boxing is at a alltime high. It's never been like this before. Um, you know, I'm a fighter. When you when you're saying these names, like I'll fight I'll fight anyone. But, um, you know, it's got to make sense for everyone. And, yeah, they they want their chance, but they don't they don't want to fight really. That's that's my own opinion. I don't know what happens behind the scenes cuz I leave it all in my manager's hands and my promoter's hands. And Yeah. But that's why we're here. Yeah. Because no one wanted to fight. Well, I mean, you took this fight on really short notice. Are you Do you feel acclimated? I mean, it's a long flight. Yeah. Oh, we got here a week ago, so it's all good. You feel accated? Before Before I was boxing, I was plumbing and I used to work 12-hour days in the sun. Sometimes I didn't eat cuz my nutrition wasn't too great. And then I get in the ring and spa six to eight rounds, you know, like there's nothing I haven't done. I've been experienced to hard yaka. I've been in the trenches like literally like have some of these fighters been in the trenches? No, I don't think so. like um yeah, I'm a working class man. I'm a qualified plumber and uh I just chose boxing to give it a crack to to prove to my family that we could do something if we set our mind to it and that's that's why I'm here. When was the moment cuz I know there's a moment where like your mentality shifted cuz at first you didn't really take boxing that serious, did you? Yeah. So, but like what was that shift in mentality? What what was that light bulb moment that It was It was um my 21st birthday. So when I decided to go by my my first name Tamana to represent my family, it was actually three days after I made the choice that I wanted to be a boxer. But in those three days, I was like contemplating to myself like, "Wow, you're 21 now. I I finished my trade that same year and I was like, f you can do anything you want. Like you got your trade. You can you can do a business." That was my plan for my whole life. Start a business, have a house by 25. But then I was like, if I want to do boxing, you got to do it now while you're young. And I was 21 and I was like 3 days later this I was it was only it was like night time and I was like thinking and I was like stuff it. I'll just give it a crack. And then that changed everything. And then even since that day, the goal hasn't changed. I still have that same drive from I made that decision what 8 years ago now. Oh, six years. Too much hits to the head. Chill. Right. Right. But yeah, like it was just that day and then since then I I've never looked back and I'm on the journey and you're you're in it two feet in. Two feet in. Yeah. There's no way out unless I die. Well, hopefully that doesn't happen now for a long time. God willing. God willing. None of us know. Are you okay to answer some fan questions? Yeah, for sure. Supporters supporters. Okay, let's see here. Ricky Sakes asks, "Do you have a catchphrase or motto that you live by?" Oh, I've been writing on my K set. Whatever will be will be. Whatever will be will be. I like that. Okay. Hunt the Hunted asks, "What's your favorite punch?" I reckon jab. E. I throw the jab a lot. That's probably my favorite punch. Yeah. And then sometimes if the jab sets up the right hand, the right hand's coming and you going to sleep. Yeah. Yeah, you don't want to get hit flush with that right hand. That's a problem. That's the one. That's a problem. All right. Lugerb90 asks, "Who's the greatest Australian boxer of all time?" That's a good one. I'd say Costa. Costa. Yeah. Costa. Probably Costa. Yeah. And now Jet. There you go. And then Terana. Yeah. I would say though, I mean, look, Costa was, you know, he's a Hall of Famer, undisputed a junior welterweight. That's it. But, um, got to prove my earn my stripes to prove the point, but yeah, in a few years it'll probably all change. Um, Lionel Rose. Oh, Lionel Rose. Yes. First Australian champ. Like to give Lionel Rose a shout out. First indigenous Australian champion. First indigenous Australian champion. Yeah. 1968. Long time before my time. And Fenick. Jeff Fenick. Jeff. Yeah. Quality three division champ. Oh yeah. You're making me seem like a sad fellow now. You say one person next week. But Costa Zoo I I'm with that. I'm with Costa. I'm with I'm with that. I think I think Costa would take the bill. Yeah. No, I think so. Um look, it's an absolute pleasure to speak with you. I'll tell you, you are so great to be around. You really are. I I love seeing you. We've had so much fun in different places and um you always put a smile on all of our faces and I love watching you fight, man. Thank I love watching you fight. I'm really excited for the journey. Um I know that Brian doesn't take on people that he really doesn't believe in. So he believes in you. We believe in you. And I'm really excited to watch the journey. And I'm excited for uh tomorrow night at Madison Square Garden. Don't forget guys, Richardson Hitchens and George Cambosus Jr. for the IBF Junior Welterweight Championship of the World. And next week we're going to be back with more matching radio with David Diamonte from Birmingham, England. So tune in then. And for now, I'll say thank you guys. And uh Terram Moana. Terram Moana. Thank you. Ter Moana. All right. Thank you. See you later. Awesome. Thank you.