Kind: captions Language: en Rebe instructions at all times where I tell you to break the ball correctly. Defend yourselves at all times. Touch close. Final fight here on the prelims. The first eight rounder for local super welterweight William Crawler in with Abedine's Fraser Wilkinson. [Music] It was, as I say, a real learning fight for Pa last time out, Barry against Emanuel Zion. No, it really was. And the fight he needs as well, I think, for his development. I think it's important here for Crawler. I think he has to put it on the pressure on Wilkerson early. Wilson got good feet. I think his hand speed is quite decent as well. So, I think it's very much important for you to put pressure on him early just to make him rush his work a little bit. He looks big in there, Paul. I thought he looked big on the scowl yesterday. Switches. We've already seen him starting the fight southpaw. You see it there just going back to the southpaw stance and punches heavy with both hands. Really does just stabbing the jab into the body. Razor Wilkinson just looking for a couple of shots upstairs. Jab from Yeah, it was. Needs to get that chin down, but as I say, he can box. He can keep it long, but he's not afraid to get stuck in and let his hands go. But what Musl has got to try and do, and it takes a little bit of bravery for this, is Cuz crawler commits to every punch. You got it. If you can make him miss by a little bit, make him pay straight away. Just make him think before he throws. That'll slow Crawler down considerably enough for you to get your world together. Nice start from Wilkinson. Doesn't look unfased, doesn't he? And the challenge of William Crawler. He's the more experienced out of the two. Crawler came out soft ball got softball back again. Just got to be careful switching too much cuz you can't build any momentum in your attacks cuz you're always looking to switch around. Always that danger when you come in square on when you do change from either stance. But I tell you what, the jab from Wilkinson's been sharp and accurate putting the shots together nicely there. Well, he's saying one at the start of the run. I think Cer's got to really put know concerted pressure on him. Make him feel the power early. So I think Wilson just not not getting into his rhythm and right now Robinson's boxing really well here. I say Robinson one of his defeats was to Cory McCullik. A real shootout for McCullik. He dropped him and dropped himself. I say he's not afraid to get stuck in. Let his hands go there. Quick hands. He's going to be made to work here. Perfect good day from Ko. Six stoppages in a row before that point win last time out against Zion having everything his own way to fight like that last time. This one here as you can see already is going to be made to work. Exactly what you need in your development, Barry. Yeah, it's good from Wilkerson here though again fighting, you know, trying not throwing off the punches here of Crawler. That was the heavier handed with more accuracy in the work here from from Wilkinson. Yeah, the footwork's good. That was a good left hand from Crawler, but the feet as I say, bringing them in nicely here behind the shots. Moves out of range nicely to avoid the shots coming his way. He's letting Crawler know he's in this fight and he's coming to win. [Music] Don't get the jab yet now. Okay. See, these these fights these fights certainly fight you can leave by the way. These are fights where you have to use your brain. It's not all about just brute strength or power. that's going to get you through which might be the it might be the desired fact at the end of the day but what it is it's about using your brain is given things he has to think so it's not just like intimidating and bullying is not not he's not discouraged to throw back when he when he takes the shot he's willing to block and counter you smart you work thinking on your feet we call it and I think that's uh that's the thing you need to develop round two into the second round we go and just Looking at Wilkinson in his corner, responding well to the instructions. Big smile on his face, eager to get out. But this second round, and he's working nicely again behind the jab. See, every time Conor throws, he throws as well. Watch how Connor goes to throw that right hand. He he throws not with him, straight after him. Sit in the pocket as well. Will consume just vary the work hands nice and high will collar. You got to get the roll either either dip side to side in a diagonal or roll when you're coming forward. Just hands high. He's walking on the shots here. That was good. It was a nice right to the body from Crawler. That back came Wilkinson with a nice flurry of shots. This is better from Crawler. The nose of Wilkinson bloodied really starting to plant his feet and let the hands go heavy. Barry, he is. Yeah, that's good. That's good. But again, walking on too many punches to get there here Paul again that that head movement needs to be a little bit more slipping forward. It's good from a lovely uppercut. Yeah, just slips on the outside, didn't he? With that southpaw jab just grazing the target with that shot. Trol looking for a left over there. The southpaw jab of Wilkinson starting to heat up nicely here. Really starting to impose that strength, that physical strength. Yeah, but again, I still think Wilson's watching really well here under pressure. Puts his shots together nicely, doesn't he? The Scott moving his feet out of range nicely. Just avoiding that left coming his way from Crawler. doing the right thing as well there. Wilson just tying up crawler after he landed a couple of shots into his shell nicely, doesn't he? Crawler arcs that back. Oh, that was a good right hand from Crawler. Bought the feet in. Switch them for no reason at all. I think that just took away his momentum there. Crawler handed a lovely right hand. need to stay in the same on the same in the all same orthodox stance there to get another shot into play. Nice sort of shot to the body from Wilkinson as Crawler was coming forward and tucking up nicely crawler shots on the glove. It's good work again from Wilkinson short there from Wilson. And back comes crawler though with a straight right. That was a nice left hand from Wilkersonson. Just rocking the head back of Crawler. Oh, that's a good left hand there from Wilson. Oh, good work just backing Crawler onto the ropes. That's a good fight there. Interesting. Is heating up nicely? [Applause] they need to think about for William Crawler and Nick Crawler in the corner. Even though the camera's on on corner here, look at Wilson in the corner and except for except for the Pull up his nose. He's looking quite quite fresh here. But there's a lovely lovely right hand there from from Crawler. Just switch stance a little. I don't think there's any need for that. But he had some a lot of success there. Crawl lands a big head the heavier shots. But I still thought he took a lot of shots coming forward. Wilkerson wasn't deterred or or or put under too much pressure where he didn't know what to do. He kept it straight and he landed some good shots of his own. Doesn't carry the same weight of shot scoring shots. Yeah, I'd say the physical strength and the power lies with William Crawler, but very good boxer Wilson on the back foot can mix it up. Yeah, this contest heating up nicely into the third round we go. William looking to target the body straight away. [Applause] No need to come out. Take the shots in the gloves. More head movement required I think from William Crawler. But even just the body. So you can dip your you got to move your head. You can dip your you can dip your legs and do a U shape as you come forward. They took his to counter Wilkinson first and third almost. He'll lead and avoid the shot coming back and you see they just miss him with the right hand crawler and then back comes Wilkinson with a jab. What crawler's doing? He's so pent up on land with a big shot. You can see how tense he is that he's waiting to let his hands go. That's allowing Wilson there. Just a flurry. Even though they're not heavy shots, they're scoring punches and he's catching quality coming in. Will. Yeah, Fraser Wilkinson. He won his last fight against Jordan Brandham round of the slated six. Good work there. Taking on the gloves though from Crawler, but a nice one two nonetheless. Oh, trying to walk on. Look at there. Wilson. [Applause] Both landing a good shot there. Yeah, both exchang exchanging blows. A lot of damage to the nose of Wilson. There's some blood around the face, but I think it is coming from that nose. Hopefully, there's no cuts. There's bare head movement from William Crawler there sitting on the inside. Both exchanging shots again. Lovely feet from Wilson. There's a little half a step back and a jab to follow. That was a good jab. Double jab from Crawler looking for the left hand, but back comes Wilkinson with a nice counter left hand of his own. See, he's looking sharp here. Wilkinson to take a few heavy shots, but I think took a left hook there, though. Looking to slip inside as well and throw that left to the body or screw it up as an uppercut. See, Booker doesn't need to push forward. I mean, he's not running and that's good, but he's got to use Crawler's aggression against him. A little step back and there you go. Really starting to turn the shots in. Now Crawler really turning the waist into the shots but using the feet nicely and double jabbing his way in. I think the fourth time he's been caught low there. Referee just having a word with Wilson. Keep the shots up. Nice from Yeah, back on the Scott. A one two steps in. Another one two go straight shots, isn't there? Yeah, another good round here in Manchester, the AO Arena. A good contest heating up between these two. William Ko, as you can see, in shot versus Scotland's Fraser Wilkinson. And this is where it all goes down this evening. 7:30 live on the zone. Your global home of boxing. Plenty taking their seats already. Promises to be a cracking evening. So much to look forward to the main events of crack over. We got the Eddie Hearns calling in the future. Anthony Joshua pro debut of Leo Tang. punches. No pressure. Joe Cordina, someone you know very well, Barry Jarren Gonzalez. Yeah, perfect fight to come back from an unknown Mexican and the record would suggest a heavy-handed Mexican. Back to this one here. William Crawler, Fraser Wilkinson heating up nicely. Well matched these two. Good faint from Wilkinson to start the round. Looking for that straight right to the body. Favoring the orthodox stance. As I said, switches straight back to Southpaw. Ker can't. He keeps taking a step back. Ker after he does a bit of work. Whether he has success or not, he takes that step back which you normally say. Okay. Yeah, that's good. Then you're regrouping. You're coming back again. But you should you just got to dip your get low. Just dip your legs and go back again. Don't take that step back. Avoid the avoid the attack by just dipping your legs. Yeah, that was a better counter. Left hand from Crawler. Took a step back, half a step back through the shot. It was good, but good work on the back foot though from Wilkinson, but he lands another one. Crawler. Good left hand there through the pipe as well there from Wilson. And a right hand jab. Yeah, good jab. Lead southward. Jab from Fraser Wilkinson. He's just somehow at times just managing to nullify. The shots coming his way from Cwley will tie him up. He'll slip on the outside and use his feet intelligently as he does there. Boxing well here. Tucking up nicely. But good work though from Wilkinson. He spam on the target there. Put his hands up before he let the punches go as well. It's the second half of this round. Minute and 20 to go. He's moving freely, boxing nicely. Wilkinson, good work on the back foot. He moves back to center ring. Jab upstairs, left to the body. Nice controlling this at the minute here. Wilkinson, what does Paul need to do more of for you here, Barry? Stop loading up and getting a little bit of speed and fluency in your work. And don't step back. I mean, you again, you haven't got to walk onto shots like this. You got to move your head, things you haven't been doing all night. Then when you get close, tip your legs and just and then get back up and work again. 50 seconds to go, but this has been a very good round for Wilkinson so far. As you say, controlling it nicely, moving nicely, variation in the work, Dar, you know, walking forward is not just walking forward is not pressure. It's walking onto punches potentially. And even though he's landed some good shots, Colin, he has. And most of the work, certainly in this round, is has come from Wilkinson. He's starting to push Paul back here. Beautiful. This is what makes you a fighter, isn't it? Yeah, it does. Having to come back, adapt. Good shot there from Wilkinson. And he looks strong now, Wilkinson. He looks the physically stronger out the two. Just pushing William Crawler back who lands a nice left hand. That was better. It was sharp. It was quick. Yeah, but he's loading up though. And I worry about the the fitness. When you load up, you tire it out quicker, especially when you start missing and you and you're losing ideas. Just hear the fluency in the work here. The workers are nice and sharp. Wait for to come forward. There's a big heavy right hand there from Colorado for the most part. B to ride these shots quite well or absorb them quite well and he's been the one who's been a little bit sharper off the off the mark here for me certainly in that last round and throughout the fight I would I would dare to say if I look at the two in the corners here Barry as we're watching these replays look at the big deep breaths from William Ka in reply in the red corner really breathing his I know when people say you know you say the youngsters you got speed stop trying to punch so fast cuz you got natural speed or you got power stop trying to load up and try and hit too You don't need you. You got power. Just let it throw. That's the problem with collar here. He's trying he's trying too hard to be too physical. You're physical anyway. You hit hard anyway. You only you waste a lot of energy here. And also maybe being a little bit readable with that because you're just so set on trying to just walk right through it. Looking to work the jab at the start of this fifth round. Crawler shot there from It was a good counter, wasn't it? Long right hook just over the the jab of William Collar shot. Good work. Straight shots from Wilkinson. A drop into the body. This is really good work from the Scott. See, these are hard fights for someone like when you're young and because you got to change the pattern of the fights here and it's fairly difficult to do at any level. But when you have no experience to draw from K, how do you do it? Like he's just going to he's going to potentially make it worse for him. He's going to do what he's going to continue to do and and really double down on what hasn't been working for him. Nice couple of jabs there from Wilkinson. bit of the snap seems to have left the shots of Crawler just missing with a double jab there looking for the right to the body does land the shot but again moving freely nicely just lent out of range there just took a shot but generally before that it was good work Barry and you can see coins slowed down Wilerson start getting on his on the ball to his feet a bit more so he's like with the shots and he's like with his feet but the movement looks much better if he would have done that in the early two rounds then can walk through it he held his feet enough to be a little bit more of a physical presence than now lighter on his feet and boxing better for it. Good footwork again from Wilson just moving around the middle of the ring. It's a left hand. He's hurt. He's unsteady on the feet and he's down. William Culler down against Fraser Wilkerson here in the fifth round of this contest. Still plenty of time left in this round. Just the two stop his victories from Wilkinson on his career but he's hurt back comes with a shot of his own a tumble shot on it there with the right hand the left hand side there from Wilkinson. Oh, he looks really unsteady still. Crawler, he's naked that's why as well. He is exhausted in there. This his first eight rounder as we say. Good work. Straight one, two down the pipe. Mouth wide open from Collar. Nice left hand over the top from Wilkinson. He's picking his shots lovely here, Wilson. Really is body shots. That left hand right down the right straight down the middle. Just caling to the left eye of Wilkinson. But back comes the Scott landing a big lead right hook. The top of the head of Kwa. Worrying signs for the local man William Keller. Lots to do but Brava Anthony in that corner. You're indeed listening. You started having success and you hurt him after you got knocked down. Now it's going to fall. That's a lovely left hand there. I think just on on top of the temple I think scrambled the sens crawler tried to stay. He should have should have gone down on the knee actually but tried bravely to stay up just see it there. Didn't see it went around the back of the club all over the place there trying to stay out the way but Wilkerson was on him accurate as ever and a little scuffing shot to put him on the floor. Then Crawler got him too quick too early but Wilkerson kept his composure. He did. He showed plenty of bravery there though. William Crawler he was down. He did jump up quickly, but that was a really, really good onslaught that from Wilkinson. He was looking right at his brother and his brother was saying stay in your knee and he didn't listen and he got up and that's just that's just youth and inexperience and pride as well. But Wilson is boxing absolutely beautiful right now. Yeah, he's been on point. He really has. You're right, Barry. He's boxed nicely. That lead hand's been very good. the straight shot variation as a whole, but the defensive knowhow from Wilton has been impressive. Feet, head, tactically is that's the word. Tactically, absolutely fantastic. Really has. Yeah, look, he just takes that half a step back, fires in a one, two. Again, the difference in the two when it comes to breathing night and day, really feeling the pace. William Crawler. Oh, good one too though from William Coller. He took that one well, Wilkinson. He did took it really well, didn't he? He's so much fresher Wilson as well. That's the worry here for Crawler. Exchanging shots there with a nice right hook from Wilkerson, but a right hand as well from Crawler. Good work from the Scott again on the back foot. Moving back to center. Oh, it's a lovely left hand. He's holding him crawler. The legs are unsteady. It was a left hand again. The referee's jumps in and William Connor loses for the first time. What a win for Fraser Wilkinson Barry. Unbelievable win though away from home. The way he boxed once and there was so much composure throughout the night. Even when Crawley was fresh in the early rounds trying to be the physical not I don't want to say bully but for the presence used his attributes his strength and his power and he tried but Wilson is stay calm picked his shots wasn't afraid to throw with Crawler the block and countered as well and as Coller started to show a little bit of fatigue wers had to use that speed on the balls his feet ratt combinations and that left hand for the knockdown in the last round and the one that scramble with the senses there for crawler were fantastic what a win for Fraser Wilkinson. The 12th win for the Scott. Just the third stoppage, but showed us an awful lot there. You can see what it means to the young man. Only 24. We've all been raving about William Collins and rightly so, cuz he's been fantastic so far his career. He's been a really, really good developing fighter and I'm sure he still will be. But, you know, I mean, just experience, the composure, and the boxing ability here at Wilkinson was just fantastic. A look at the work here in the closing seconds from Wilkinson. Barry. Yeah, I understand why I understand why Coll's annoyed cuz I don't think he he was under no felt that he wasn't hurt, but he'd been hit with that shot before when he' been put down. It's still fresh in the next round. He's been caught. He's not firing back. And you can argue that it was a little bit too soon, but also he's taken to account a a fatigued fighter who's been hurt in the last round. Got hurt and wobbled there, though he didn't go down. and he's added all that up and thought if you're not fighting back then I have to call it off. What a win and it was a good scrap as well. One they can both be proud of but Wilkerson gets the win. Let's hand over to David. Ladies and gentlemen, referee John Leam calls a halt to this contest. The official time of the stoppage 1 minute 7 seconds of round number six. declaring your winner by TKO, Fraser Wilkinson. Yeah, Fraser Wilkinson gets the 12th win of his career. Very, very good performance. Showed us a bit of everything. William Crawler just shaking his head as he leaves the ring.