Kind: captions Language: en Well, look, Johnny, we're here in the changing room with you now after the defeat to Dave. You went out like a warrior. Tell us your immediate reaction to the fight. Listen, I was I was boxing pretty well. I got to the fifth round and the experience paid. It was a it was a close fight the first one and and Dave landed that shot that I couldn't recover from this time. And I'm not so much gutted about that because if you get beat like that, you get beat. Um the first fight I was probably a bit gutted at the reception because you you muddle your way through and then I thought the honest thing to do would be to run it back and we run it back and in some ways losing like that I feel I feel a bit contented because I've given it my best shot. I had a great camp. It was just probably a step too far to me at this for me at this stage of my career. And it's not me that I'm I'm gutted for. It's the people in this room who are here supporting me, helping me. my mom, my dad, my managers, trainers. It that's what cuts deep for me. Just going towards the uh the first round as well, you were boxing really well throughout the fight. Walk me through when the tide started to change. I' I thought I was boxing well. The first four rounds was good, but I'm just not that experience of having what Dave's got, being in the game for 5 to 10 years, sparring some of the best people. I sparred some good people, but it's different being under the lights and he's been there and done it. And I', my dad was saying to me as well, Dave's in a good purple patch of his career right now. And the bottom line is he is someone I looked up to when I was young. And if I was going to lose to a man, that's the man you want to lose to that. But this ain't the end. This is part of the journey. We knew these bumps in the road would come and it's because of these people in this room. That gives me strength. You know, you always talked about the warrior spirit, the warrior code. Your dad and you live by that. What were you thinking when you went down for the first time? Get get up. I got up and I got knocked down again. And I'd much rather it go like that. I want to be stopped or pulled out of there. I don't want to I'm never going to quit myself. I'd rather that. That's why after that first fight, it was close. I got knocked down. It was a decision that could have gone one of two ways. I thought it went one my way. When you're a good a good man who's been brought up well by mom and dad, you know you got to do it again. And I'm more content knowing now that I didn't shy away from it. There were a lot of complaints at the referee during the fight from your team about the back of the head shots, etc. Could you feel those during the fight? Yeah, there was a few, but it's a fight at the end of the day. Dave's going to Dave's fighting me. I might have hit him around the back of the head once. I'm not going to the last fight obviously there was a few shots around the back of the air but he's doing what he's got to do to win and I'm doing what I've got to do to win. There's no complaints about the shot. He caught me with a good shot. It's heavyweight boxing. It's boxing well and I got beat on the night and that's not something that I'm when I when I talk about it when I talk about being a bit upset. It's not because of that being beat. That's part of being a man. My dad was saying we've been knocked down time and time again. It's just everyone in here. It's how you get up. You proud of yourself. We're proud of you. Everyone's brain is when none of us can do what you've done. I'm telling you, no one is bad yourself without what you are. I could get beat like that. Every if I fight every time I fight again, I get beat. It's not that just want to give my best for all these people. You did. [Applause] And I just want to say to the young kids out there, if you give your best and you try 110%, that's all that matters. Nothing else matters. Make your mom and dads proud and do what you got to do. Do your best. That's what it's about. John, you do every day. No, I will be I will be back. I'm a sportsman. You win, you lose. It hurts. It hurts cuz you you try your best. But as I said, Dave Allen, a hero of mine growing up, I'm I'm quite happy for him in a way because as much in the buildup, you're like, you know, I want to beat Dave Allen. I want to beat him. He's a man. He's got his family and he's he's on a he's on a good run now and I wish him all the best. And what I've got to do is focus on myself. What I've done from the beginning. You forget 5 years ago, me and my dad, we had no money. We had nothing. my dad's dad's business. He owed 350 grand. We had to work to get it off. Yeah, but you did. You just stop. You're all right. And that's what that's what a real fighter is. What I do in there, that's nothing compared to what my dad done. And uh yeah, that's where I get my fighting spirit from cuz my dad's strong. My granddad's strong. And I'll be back and I'll get up every single time. And it's people like Mark, Jimmy Tibs, Adam, Sunny. I'll be back. I'm upset now, but I'm good. It's all right to cry if you're a man. Try and do it in private. Might not like me right now. But I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'll get it in the teeth. I'll get it in there. I'll get it from next week. Henry taking the mick out of me and William, but we're strong. And the main thing is I've got all these people around me that believe in me. On a positive note, Chinese now. Chinese now. Yeah. positive note is some young lady's little birthday tomorrow. We lose your draw. We're going to have something to eat tomorrow. We're going to have a nice meal and we're going to celebrate that young lady's birthday because you have to put it on. Now it's your birthday. All right. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Y to you. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday, dear. Happy birthday to you.