Kind: captions Language: en All right, gentlemen. I gave you the war in an address. I want a good 45 fight. Protect yourself all the time. Obey my commands all the time. I tell you David here. The punches here is good. The punches here is good. You understand? You understand? Touch it. Well, the various sanctioning bodies have watered down the value of a world title. But in some fights, they are still meaningful. And this is one of them. For Liam ParrO, keeping the belt means a big money showdown against George Cambosus in Australia. For Richardson Hitchens, it could be a unification against a fellow New Yorker in Teapimo Lopez. The proliferation of titles guys have been a scourge in boxing, but the one in the line means a lot tonight. [Applause] Round one of our main event, the IBF 140 lb title on the line. William Parro the southpaw Richardson Hitchens in the Puerto Rican flag adorned trunks and seemingly the crowd at least somewhat in his favor. I don't think they've gotten over paro upsetting Matias here guys. No, I think Paro got a little bit more love than Hitchens even though he's wearing the flag on his trunks. This is going to be an interesting fight because Parro coming out a lot more aggressive than usual. Hands up though, doing it responsibly, cutting off that ring. And that's what he's going to have to do with Hitchens for as long as this fight goes. Make it a small ring and put a lot of pressure on Hitchens. Going back to what Hitchens was talking about that was plagging him in the Leos fight. Interesting to see early if Hitchens is letting that right hand go, but in particular, can he throw it straight down the middle? Because that's when he said, Sergio, that it was hurting him the most. He well look he was having issues with in the Lemmo fight during that fight. Not only because of the injury but because of Lemmo how he was bending his his his head forward. He was fighting real small. So he was using his height his shorter height to his advantage. Both these fighters are they're they're pretty similar in height. I think only half half an inch separates them or an inch and a half. You know, when Hitchens is at his best, there's not a lot of frills to it. He's jab, jab, straight right hand down the middle. If you watch back his fights against John Ba, against José Zapeda, that is where he's most effective. So, he's got to get that jab going early and he's got to make that the most effective punch. No, no, no. Yeah, it's always tough to get a tall, long, smart jab. It takes It takes a few rounds. it takes three, four, maybe even five rounds to get past it. But as long as you're you're putting pressure and and and having certain certain moments of success, then that's okay to be giving up those early rounds because it you don't want to get reckless too early, too aggressive, and get popped with that jab. Interesting moment there a moment ago already a verbal warning from the official. And I one thing that I know a lot of observers were worried about with this fight is that it could get really messy really early. And perhaps that can help put a stop to that possibility as Parro lands a nice straight left hand. Well, Richardson Hitchens has been saying for weeks now that he believes Liam Parro is a dirty fighter. Uh, this goes back to the history parro has of hitting guys behind the head. He had a point deducted in that fight against Super Matas for doing exactly that. So, they've kind of planted the seed with the referee early that there could be some shenanigans from Liam Parro in this fight. Paro is not a dirty fighter. I agree. I agree. It's just what he's been saying all week long. Haro has great timing and he he he takes advantage of the things that he should be taking advantage of. That doesn't make him doesn't make him dirty. Makes him slide. And this is a good round for Paulo. Aggressive cut off the ring. Babe, but Parl has a faster feet and he implemented that foot speed in that first round and I think had a good round. And Paro showing some hand speed in that opening round too. There there weren't too many eye-catching shots, but I remember about three or four straight left hands down the middle from Liam Parro. That's what stands out in my mind. See how the judges have that one. One thing I've noticed about Parro, especially in the recent fights we've called been in the US, he comes into fights with excellent game plans. That fight he had against Montana Love, he noticed early on that Montana Love was dipping down to his left. He was throwing those chopping shots that got to Montana Love. against Yelro Matz. The pressure he was putting off, sticking that jab lightly into his face, grabbing onto him. That was game plan. That was strategy. So, he's coming into this fight with Hitchens, I'm sure, with a sound game plan. Clean right hand by Hitchens right now. Perfectly timed right down the pipe. A little bit more snap on the jab of Hitchens in this round as well. Hitchens is not jabbing much because it's hard to get that jab over a southpaw. You know, there's always a foot battle and a jab battle. Hitch is not really throwing that many jabs right now. And I think that's that's by by strategy. He doesn't want to commit to that jab just yet because he knows that Paulo is looking to counter that jab. I think often times, Sergio, when you see fighters like Hitchens in this kind of scenario against a southpaw, as you just mentioned, nice right hand there from Hitchens. They'll use the jab almost as a counter like they're waiting for a move and then they'll come back with a jab because you're right, it is hard to lead with it. But that's another nice right hand from Hitchens. Beautiful heads, man. And it's without the jab. Their lead right hand is perfectly timed by Hitchens. Paul did the right thing and double jabbed his way in over a long jab of Hitchens. So he's nullified the jab, but now it's the right hand that Paul need needs to worry about. [Music] Watch your head. Hand just missing there from Hitchens. Was a mural of himself painted in his neighborhood in Brooklyn. Imagine there would be even more honors if he can leave the island here tonight with a world title. [Music] [Applause] Carl dared Hitchens to stand and fight. And Hitchens is being a little bit a little bit flatfooted. He's in front of Paulo. He's he's walking him in. Just missed a big right handic there again. Hitchens. Yeah. Standing in fight is not a strategy that Hitchens should employ. And come on, guys. Come on. Here we are back again. Little bit of anytime. No punches behind the head. I told you again. Talking about the punching behind the head. Both guys getting warned about that. [Music] Closing moments here of round two. See a little bit of an abrasion on the forehead. And it was muddy. Round three now underway. The IBF 140 lb title on the line. Richardson Hitchens looking to fulfill his promise. former Olympian now looking to become a world champion. His 19th professional fight. [Applause] Good jab there after pitch. He's caught par coming in. Watch your feet, guys. Nice left hand right down the middle for Par. Par has good timing. I mean, he knows how to close the distance really, really slightly with his feet. So, you don't even know he's doing it, but he's inching his way closer and closer with his right foot, and then he puts himself in a position to land lead hands like that. You don't expect that from a shorter fighter, but that's what timing does. Timing beats speed, but of course, it beats power. back. [Applause] [Music] See the height of Hitch and Sergio forcing Caro to be a little bit more upright than he would normally be and kind of using that lead hand kind of as his defense as he's trying to poke it through the guard. I tell you what, Clay, now that you mentioned that, I'm watching Richardson Hitchens here and it's giving me flashbacks of Vernon Forest, man. And he has the same exact frame, the same exact stance, a little white stance, long jab, and it's really he's looking to set up that right hand always, but he's always pawing with that long jab. It's always sharp. It's always strong. Perfect like that. Even the wide shoulders, everything. You know, Parro said he went to school on the Gustavo Limos fight. You saw the way the pressure affected Richie Hitchens. So far, we haven't seen too much of that type of pressure from Leo. That's because the jab finally came into play this round. The the jab of Hitchens has come into play and it's keeping keeping Paro at bay. Well, not only that, but the right hand that we talked about Hitchens not being able to throw against Lamos is the one that he's bouncing off the face of Liamro when he tries to get to the inside. Yep. Right now, it'll serve Paul right just to do a lot of foot fakes trying to get Hitchens to punch and commit to something. A lot of upper body movement, but right now Hitchens is really sharp with that jab. That's the reason that Paul's having a a difficult time holding that distance. [Applause] Left hand over the top there from Parro. And a gold right hook there from Parro. Maybe a little bit of a footwork issue. I don't think Hitchens was hurt by that. Certainly looked good on camera. Nice little sequence here from Liamaro. Paro is such a smart and determined fighter, man. There's always a confident look in his eye. He it always looks like he has something up his sleeve and little by little he's just so sneaky with his foot. You know, he sneaks it in closer and closer and closer. Next thing you know, you're getting hit by something that you didn't expect. Constant adjustments on both sides as Parro tries to come over the top with another box. We begin round four. And already in the early going here, Sergio, I think we're seeing what you were talking about with Liam Parro during our opening standup. is his willingness to and his ability to constantly make adjustments. If something's not working, he'll try something else pretty quickly. That's the beauty of this kid, man. Watching Liam Parl is is like watching it's like watching a a a sly veteran think on the move, but he does it with youth and vigor and footwork. Like he's always thinking of what what his next move is and that's what makes him difficult to figure out. And watching Faro here these first three plus rounds, you can see shades of the game plan that it's not the kind of pressure we saw against Lamb, but it is the kind of pressure. It is pressure. He's trying to stay in front of Hitchens and keep him working. And I think that's by design. I think they want to test the stamina of Hitchens who has had issues with this IBF 10 lb rehydration clause in the past. So I think that Paro's team wants to get him tired, take him into deep waters. And you know what I'm noticing right now is that Paul always punching over the jab of Hitchens. That's really smart game plan. So, anytime Hitchens unleashes that long jab, Carl comes back over the top and doubles it up. That's really smart game plan. I used to love doing that with taller fighters myself. If he can start throwing a straight left hand down to the chest or the belly, that can open up the right hook, which I think is going to be the money punch for Paulo. [Music] Jab in the body from Paro. Hitchens getting that jab active. Falling a little bit short. Nice left hand again there from Par. Parro showing some excellent timing here in the early going. These are two high IQ fighters battling it out for a world title. And a nice right hand comes down the middle from Richardson Hitchens. Yeah, man. This is power boxing. I mean, both these guys have such highlight IQ to come in. You know, they respect each other's jab, but they're both looking for big punches. Nice pivot there by Hitchens to get away from the corner cuz Liam Paul would love to just get anything, bang anything against the ropes. And Hitch himself there. Elbow Hitchens connecting there on the follow through as indicated to the official. But now Hitchens with a illegal blow with that right hand again right down the pipe. And here the corner of Hitchens asking him why are you waiting? Yeah, it's two rounds in a row now that the corner has kind of pleaded with Hitchens to throw more punches. He's not He is accurate with some of these shots. He's just his output is just not enough. And that's exactly what Paul does what he thought was going on. I thought that was great advice from the corner of Richson Hitches. I don't think he's down four zip, but he is down in this fight. And it's all due to the inactivity. He is allowing Liamaro to dictate the pace of this fight. Always always interesting in the corner of Richardson Hitchens. More on that in just a second. Chris, how do you score so far? Yeah, I've got it three rounds to one in favor of Liam ParrO. gave Hitchens that second round, but the last two have been won by power. They've been won by activity and they've been won by the pace that he's setting in this fight. You see Hitchens now getting more aggressive with that right hand. A lot more active with that back hand here. Nice. Nice shot there by Hitchens. It's coming often. Hitchens. No hesitation in letting that right hand go now. I love the fact that he's listening to his coach in his corner because he needs to get more aggressive and he's doing just that. Unleashing that long right hand. Good advice in the corner of Hitchens paying off. The advice in the Hitchens corner, it can come from a lot of different places. Guys, remember during the Zapada fight, I think Shakur Stevenson was on FaceTime in the corner at one point. No, there's no there's no I think of that. Shakur Stevenson was on the phone communicating with Hitchens. with shots of Paul right there coming over the top of the jab and getting control of that long that long jab of Hitchens. There's Edgar Monga. You see him in the bottom left of your screen seated ringside shouting instructions to his longtime friend Richardson Hitchens. You see Paro again trying to adjust trying again as you pointed out Sergio trying to get that lead hand over top of Hitchens trying to jab over the top. Yeah, man. You know, South Paul's and orthodox fighters, they have a foot pedal and have that jab pattern. Whoever has that top that top uh jab on that that's what's going to have more success. It's more visually appealing as well. See, just like that, Cory, exactly like that what Parro just did right now. If Hitchens jabs, you're going to jab right over it. Zaro though pawing at his nose which might have been busted open by the right hand of Hitchens or the parade of them but he was launching in the early going here of round five and he just missed with a titanic one there missed with a big right hand Hitchens Paul looking for that left hand but Hitchens was a lot straighter [Applause] [Music] tasting his own blood here in the fifth round trying to again find the necessary adjustment. Back and forth action, constant adjustments on both sides of this fight. Both men bleeding. Paul from the nose, hits him from the mouth. 10 seconds here. Round five. Found a nice right hand to the body. [Music] Round six begins on the heels of best round of the fight thus far for Richardson Hitchens as Hitchens obeyed orders to pick up the pace there in round five. Really started to get busy with that right hand. Nice left-handed by Paro. Now he he's coming in with a straight left punches now. You heard the parro corner telling him he's going to have confidence coming out of that right coming out of the fifth round and perhaps Carl capitalizing on that walking Hitchens into a nice left hand. But Hitchens again finding the reply. Both these fighters are avoiding combinations. It's just two punches each and stepping back. They have that much respect for each other's counters. See, notice right there, Parl backed up. Instead of going forward and starting a combination, he knew something sharp was going to come back from Hitchens, right? And that's the exact kind of moment where if Parl were indeed following the Lamos blueprint, he would have just gone all out full face forward pressure there, but he has more respect for Hitchens than to be able to do that right now. Not only respect for Hitchens, but respect for the game plan cuz that's exactly what made him a champion is following that strategy to a te. So there's a lot of fight left in this. So you just keep doing what you train for. Par's having a pretty good round here, too. Both these guys are looking for the right shots. Higgins is controlling the aggression and the timing of Paro. Aparo is closing their distance. [Music] Nice counter right hand there from Hitchens. That's been the best punch for Hitchens. He's stopping the momentum and stopping Paul halfway. If Hitchens can put a left hook with that right hand, I think he can open up some combinations. Saw there twice in a row there. Sergio Hitchens not stepping to the outside, actually stepping to the inside so he could land that power jab. Yeah. And there's that left hook that I've been I'm asking for. I think the left hook's going to be a a strategy change for Hitchens. He found a home for that right hand, but now he has to put something behind it. It's not going to be enough. Paul will figure him out. You got to keep changing and adapting if you're if you're fighting a guy like Paulo. [Music] 10 seconds here of round six. Trying to find the body of Hitchens there with the left hand. Falls a little bit short. Nice stiff jab there from Mitchens. And that'll be the final round number seven. This is going to be an important round. for Liam Paul to get something going because Hitchens is starting to starting to flow nicely and landing those right heads. That's interesting. The energy in the Hitchens corner is kind of contrary to what's happening. That felt like two good rounds in a row for Richardson Hitchens, but they're still kind of admonishing him in the corner, but maybe that's the kind of energy he needs. Hey, you know what? Whenever you're a careful defensive fighter, absolutely. I love the fact that they're telling him that of Hitchens. That way he won't he won't get comfortable or content or complacent. You know, whenever you're a defensive fighter, you got to remind your fighter to be offensive and and and that they're close rounds. I would also point out the Hitchens team isn't stupid, right? Like they are both matchroom fighters, but they know in the best interest of Matroom objectively is for Liam to win and fight George Cambos in Australia. So they know they've got to be perfect to make sure they get a win tonight. [Music] I haven't seen any right hooks from I think that's what he has to start doing because between straight punching Hitchens is going to get the better of him. Not only because of the reach I just think Hitchens a little bit sharper with the straight shot especially that right hand but with the hooks I think Paul can find a home there. How do you think he should set that up, sir? I mean, especially given the like the length of Hitchens. That's a good good question. So, I think a straight straight left hands avoid the jab if you're Paul coming in with the jab. So, straight left hand maybe to the chest or to the gut and then come around and looping shot, but it's going to be it's going to be set up with two shots. I got it tape on the right glove. Pull it off. Those gloves. Come on. such a big story coming into this fight has been basically loose since round one. [Applause] See like right there Parl with with palm with two jabs goes a distance and he throw a hard left hand but intend to throw away that left hand just to come and sweep him off. Sweep with the right hook. This jab battle has been fascinating to watch too. They trade jabs there, but by and large it's been one guy throws it gets slipped, the next guy throws it and gets slipped. The third jab tends to land. So, we're inside. There it is again. Inside the final minute of round seven. [Music] Big right hand there from Hitchens. Maybe the biggest shot of the fight thus far, but back comes Parl with a left hand. Hitchens stands in the trenches, lands a good combination to the body. Oh yeah, Hitchens stood his ground, land a nice uppercut, two body shots after that right hand. This is this is probably the the the best round for Hitchens as far as like him doing what he wants to do and and kind of having frustrating Paul a little bit falling short on his game plan. [Applause] Final 10 seconds of round seven. As Hitchens finds one, we'll see if Hitchens can follow the advice of his friend at ringside. Keep landing those right hands. You saw the action pick up towards the end of round seven. And even though Sergio, I think that that action favored Hitchens, he probably landed the best shots like that one. If this fight starts to get a little bit messier, starts to loosen up, that might be a good thing for Lear, too. That's exactly what it will be. So, that would mean that Hitchens is losing control of this fight. And the thing about Hitchens is as long as he's in control, it's going to be hard to penetrate that that guard, that jab, that reach, that that stance, all that. But if they start exchanging, that benefits the timing of Haro. That's the reason that Hitchens avoids throwing combinations. He doesn't want to mix it up with fighters. Twos and fuse if it's him and everything behind that jab. After seven rounds, Chris Manx, how do you have this one score? Look, I think Richard Hitchens does a really good work over these last three rounds. Gave him all three from the fifth round on. So, I've got a 6766 in favor of Hitchens. When he picks up his activity, he is the more accurate, the more impactful puncher. So, Hitchens starting to develop some momentum here in these middle rounds. Well, Hitchens told us in fighter meetings as he lands another right hand, if Baro stands in the center of the ring with me, he's going to realize that he's not as good as me at any element of boxing. Now, it hasn't been quite that easy, but when this has been in the center of the ring, Hitchens over the last couple rounds, as you pointed out, Chris, has certainly been having more success. Watch your head. Watch your head. You okay? Right. [Applause] [Music] Carlo looking for his second straight win in a world title fight here in Puerto Rico. Incredible to think as he eats another right hand. Big right hand for pitches there. Yeah, we caught him at the end of it, too, behind that jab. All right, this is where we talk about Paulo being so good at adjusting and finding a way. He's going to have to find a way cuz Hitchens is becoming more and more in control at this fight at distance. That was a heavy jab that just connected from Hitchens as well. Snapping the head back of Parro [Music] an adjustment. Can he find another gear in the second half of the fight? We just ran into another straight right hand. Hi starting to time those Parro kind of lunges. Landed a couple of good right hands this round. [Music] Good shot there by Paro. Straight left hand. Just as we talked about it, the replies always seem to be there for Liam Parro. That's what I think Hitchens is in. He's comfortable in this fight, but can't get too comfortable with any shots like that. You know, Sergio, you were always a fan of having just one voice speaking in your corner. Dean Compos, your longtime trainer, always the only voice speaking. It seems like Richardson Hitchens wants advice from everybody during his fights. Whether Deca sitting ringside, Shakor Stevenson on the cell phone, there were three people talking in his ear during that last. Hey, listen. Some some fighters are like that, man. They they uh they have a good sense of their surroundings. And you know that Hitchens loves to talk. Well, he loves to listen, too. But they're great. The jab of Hitchens becoming a little bit more problematic for Liam Parro who I think selected some very good sparring having Quinton Randall having Tiger Johnson in camp but it's difficult to exactly replicate someone with the skills and the dimensions of Richardson Hitches and he is pawing Cory at that nose every time he collects a right hand. [Music] [Applause] You know, this is the very best of Richardson Hitchens. This is the guy that we thought we were going to see in the aftermath of the Alamo win, of the Bowser win, of the Zapeda win. A very disciplined guy with some real pop at the end of both the left and right hands and a composed uh boxer. You know, he has good pop in his punch, but he rather box and keep everything disciplined behind that jab, not make mistakes. Let your opponent make some mistakes. very patient with his intelligence and IQ. It's not the most exciting, but it's very it's definitely successful. And I mentioned, Sergio, there's not a lot of diversity to the Richardson Hitchens punch selection. It's jab, right hand. I can't remember him throwing a body shot in this fight. Everything right now is upstairs. Looks like there might be a cut on the bridge of the nose of Liam Parro as well. A little bit more blood on the face. And this might not be the type of fight that you think would cause a bloody battle, but again, everything that Hitchens throws when he throws is fundamentally sound and it's sharp. Left hand from Pero, but again, lead hand of Richardson Hitchens just snapping his head back immediately. Yeah, as long as Parl's at the end of his punches and and hesitating and posturing, he's going to keep getting pot shoted like that, just like he did right there with that jab. You have to you have to do something and and that's something be aggressive with your upper body. Tuck your chin in and you got to wing your shots. You got to start thinking Hitchens. You got to start making Hitchens think defensively instead of always being offensive with that jab and that long right hand. and and the only way to do that is by taking chances to put this on cruise control and keep doing what he's doing. [Music] Saw the cut man Steven Edwards in the corner of Liam Parro. He certainly has his hands full, but Edwards a very good second voice in that corner as well. A very good tactician in his own right. Kind of like a Russ Amber plays in the corner of Alexander Usyk. This is a must-win round for Liam Parro, the champion. Stop. Stop. Stop. No punching. No punching. Great guy. Great guy. Even if it means putting himself in in harm's way of that right hand, you must take chances if you want to defend that championship. [Music] You can tell a lot from body language in fights, Chris. And and you consider the difference in the way that Hitchens is looking and behaving right now as compared to how he looked against Gustavo Lamos, it is vast. Yeah, it's completely different and it makes you believe in some of the things Hitchens was talking about in the aftermath of that fight that the right hand was problematic for him with the weight cut, but he didn't do it properly. This is a very different version of Richston Hitchens. And speaking of body language, you see the frustration in the body language of Liam Parr who has a game plan but just can't execute it because every time he tries to come in, he gets a stiff jab in the face with a right hand for Richardson Hitchens. And a straight right hand down the pipe as well. These are sharp power jabs that Hitch land always complimented and still do compliment the accuracy. I mean the timing of Lev accuracy in the right hand that Hitchens got and you see Hitchens complaining about a shot by the head. That was a pretty brazen shot behind the head. That's not the one. Okay. Stop. [Applause] [Music] No more. All right. Sergio, you see a shot like that and it's not like you wound up hit him by the head. What kind of effect does that have? Well, it depends how how clean it landed. I mean, usually shots behind the head, you know, they they stun you a little bit, but getting hit in the temple actually hurt more. It's just dangerous behind the head. See parro after the break in the action trying to pick up the tempo a little bit here. The desperation starting to show, necessary desperation, you would have to think at this point for Parro who just ate another terrific right hand from Hitchens. and another. Yeah, this is the thing about Richardson Hitchens. You got to love him or hate him, but he's not going to stray away from his game plan. And he really is brilliant when he has that distance and that range and control on his favor. And it's hard to break that distance when you have that much, you know, reach on him, snap on his punch, laser-like right hand, steps back, and counters perfectly with timing. It's not It's not exciting, but it does the job. It's the the perfect illustration of how fundamentals and the basics can win a highlevel fight. That's what it looks like Richardson Hitchens is doing right now with two to go. Two rounds to go for Liam Parro to work with to hang on to his IBF 140 lb title. And that won't help matters. Another right hand just bouncing off the forehead of Liam Parro. But now the aggression of Parro at least for the moment looking a little bit more brazen. Little bit more brazen. But falling to the hands and the sharper hands of Hitchens. He keeps being accurate with that right hand. You heard the Hitchens corner. Clearly aware that Parl was going to try something like this telling him you got to move your feet a little bit more this round. There's two straight right hands. That same right hand that I say keep landing. Hey, hey, hey. Break, break, break, break. [Music] There's that right hook. I wonder I want to say it's the first time I see Paul throw it. I think he should he should throw caution to the wind now. Move his upper body, throw those looping shots, especially the right hook and hope something lands and maybe he can change the momentum of this fight. Just like that. Nice left hand there by P. Forget the straight punches. Now it's time to loop your shots against a slightly taller fighter. [Music] Another right hand there from Hitchens. Harrow again thinking about that left hand. Hitchens just getting off first. [Music] Sergio, what does it do to your psyche as a fighter when you're getting hit with the same shot repeatedly? Well, you realize that you're being you're being outclassed because if it's the same punch that you have no answer for, it just means that you're dealing with a with a unique and special fighter that that has mastered that one punch, you know, that straight right hand. And we we're praising Hitchens for his jab because he does have a wonderful jab. But now it's just that right hand that's been doing all the work just like did right there. Accurate, sharp, and right on the money on Chris. This is exactly how team Hitchens, I believe, told you they wanted to win this fight. for all the talk about these two guys rumbling of pitching saying he was going to meet him in the middle of the ring. If he wants a brawl, we'll make it a brawl. Behind the scenes, they were effectively telling him to go stink out the drop. Win this fight by decision, whatever means necessary. They knew that coming in he had the skill advantage was behind the strength of that jab and we're seeing that play out tonight. I don't think he's thinking up the jar. I think he's landing some clean shots. This is sweet science at its best. They're in a clean right uppercut right now. About a year and a half ago, Leo Parro considered retirement and getting a job in the mines back home in Australia. But he said he found another spark, a fire in his belly. Can he find something special here in the final round? Or has he just run in to a special tactician who will shut him down once more? [Applause] [Music] Chris Manx, how do you have the score thus far? Yeah, I've got it 107 to 102 in favor of Rich Hitchens. I've got it a clean sweep since the fifth round. That jab has been sharp. The straight right hands have been effective. And Liam Parro just has not been able to unlock Richardson Hitchens. You can hear the frustration from the corner of Liam Parro between virtually every round from the fifth round on. Just a strong performance right now for Bridgeten Hitchens. We go back to how Hitchens described himself as an algebra problem in the ring. And we're basically seeing an eraser marks all over the page from Leo Parro who has tried a variety of things, but none seem to have worked since the early rounds. [Music] And I'll give Rich the Higgins corner credit. After that fourth round, they said to him, "Hey, you could be down four rounds to none right now. You got to pick up the activity." Something changed after that fourth round that has turned this fight around. Yep. I absolutely agree, Chris. Since then, it's been all Hitchens, man. And that's what you need to hear from your corner, especially if you're defensive minded fighter who thinks jab first and back up. Hitch put on another gear. And that gear Paulo hasn't been able to to figure out. [Music] Final minute of this contest as Parro finds a left hand in the chest of Hitchens there a moment ago. See the left eye of Liam Parro closing, seemingly closing quickly as the blood continues to pour from the nose. They're swelling underneath the right eye. [Music] The basics from Richardson Hitchens have been brutal throughout the night. A better round from Liam Parro here in the 12th, but he still hasn't come close to landing anything fight changing and that's what he needs at this stage. [Music] [Applause] There's that right hook that I've been asking for, but Hitchens did enough pivoting to not get hit with it. [Applause] Yeah, the second half of this fight has been a boxing clinic. Yes, it has. We may be moments away from Brooklyn. All right, ladies and gentlemen, after 12 rounds of action here in San Juan, Puerto Rico, we go to the judges scorecards. [Applause] Nelson Vasquez Liam Porro [Music] Carl Zapia Hitchins [Applause] and Judge Frank Lombardi scores this contest 116 to 112. for your winner by split decision. And the new IBF Junior Welterweight Champion of the World, Richard Hitches, [Music] Brooklyn, the world title is coming home. The dream has come true for Richardson Hitchens.