Kind: captions Language: en Oh, congratulations. You got three pieces of hardware now around your waist now. The unified champion. You said you wanted to make a statement tonight here in the ring. Show that you were still one of the best in the world. Was that the statement you were looking for? Yeah. I mean, I think I did, but I want to go back and watch it. You know, I feel like I was, you know, just getting in my groove, starting to get loose, having fun, and my dad told me just keep pressing. You going to stop me. And I What's crazy was I had a dream that I was going to stop him just like this in the seventh round. But you know, things happen, man. Came true. That was a terrific fighter you had in front of you. Undefeated guy, former Olympian. You might have won every single round plus that 108 round. What was working for you in the ring tonight? Uh, the biggest part was just me having my having my fun, being myself, and having a live body in front of me. When I got a live body in front of you, I see what happened. I I I put on a show. I had my fun. I show you speed, power, defense. I show you a little bit of inside game. I show you everything. And uh I feel like, like I said, when I got a live body in front of me, it's a whole different story. you going to see a whole different boots and I'm going to keep taking it to the next level. Body shots in this game are an investment and you were invested in that body very early in this fight. Could you feel yourself softening him up as the rounds went on? Yeah, I found himself in the I feel like I go to the body as much as I wanted to. He was like he was a much shorter in the ring like the way he fight he like nailed down. So when I was trying to really go to his body was like I was like I got to switch it up. I got to give something different. So you know and I did that and I still found a way to get to that body still. And uh yeah, it's it's that time. You were already a recognized world champion. Why was it so important to you to win a title in the ring? Uh it was very important for me, you know. I like I said, for this this IBI belt right here, I was the interim champ and I was elevated. I woke up one morning and I was world champion. I I never actually fought for this belt, you know, and I I finally was able to fight for the WBA or fight for another title and take it from the man and beat him beat him, you know. That's a blessing, you know, and that's everything I always wanted, you know, and uh it feel it felt way better than sitting in the bed waking up and I was IBM champ. Did it surprise you at all that he didn't come out for that last round? No, I I mean, he a great fighter, you know, he's he good guy, you know, but like I said, every round I just was getting in my bed, getting in my groove, loosening up, having fun, and I feel like I was just picking it up, picking it up, picking it up. And uh yeah, you faced some criticism over the last few months. Criticism that I know bothered you. How much of that did you bring into the ring tonight? Uh, I definitely brought some of that in here with me, you know. Uh, they they still ain't seen nothing yet, though. You know, uh, I got a long way to go. You know, I'm just getting just getting started. The party just getting started. Three belts now around your waist. Is it more belts or is it move up? Uh, you know, I'm enjoying my victory. You know, enjoy these belts. You know, take some time with the fam, talk to the team, and we going to see what's next. Is becoming undisputed though part of your plan? Uh, we'll see. You know, like I said, we'll see. Let me let me enjoy this victory. You know, chill with my f and uh talk to my dad, my team, and uh but yeah, make sure y'all come to that department. Meet me at the spot. Congratulations, Boots. Thank you. I appreciate uh appreciate everybody coming out. Philly, Jersey, Tri State, New York, uh Delaware, Baltimore, DC, if I'm missing anybody, even everybody that traveled all over, even Lithuanian people. Uh I want to thank Eddie Mroom. Appreciate y'all. you know, uh, many more things to come. Many more buses to come. Shout out to my brother, too. No question about that. Congratulations. Well done, Eddie. We'll bring you in here. And Eddie, you said to me before this fight, you wanted to see this man make a statement. Was that what you wanted to see? What a wonderful, humble man. Not from me. Tear up the pound-for-pound list. This is one of the finest fighters in the sport tonight. That was a performance of one of the best fighters in the sport of boxing. Now the unified world champion, ring magazine champion, by far the best fighter in the division. He's going to be around for a long time. 47, 54, 60. It's all coming. You're witnessing true greatness now. He'll make his way onto the pound-for-pound list. We got to fight the other champions. The future is so bright. He's the future of the sport of boxing. And what a great man from a great city in Philadelphia. You should all be so proud of him because he carries your city around with him everywhere he goes. We'll be back in Philly soon. But tonight, I'm walking away. We've been saying for a while, we want a performance where we can stand on the ropes and scream and shout that this is the best fighter in the world. We got all of that tonight against a great champion. It was the best be the best, but it was a walk in the park for true greatness, a true pound-for-pound star in Geronis. It's going to be around for a long time. I would say Boots, you've learned not to make any predictions immediately after the fight from what happened the last time. But Eddie, you're going to be making some decisions, helping him make those decisions. What's your first call on Monday? Listen, the first call is B wanted to unify. He wanted to fight the champions. People criticized him about not moving up and not fighting for a belt. He said, "All I want to do is fight the champions, win other belts. We stayed patient and it paid off tonight. Now we'll sit as a team." Boose Everett got such a great team of people. And by the way, this is a guy that's tracing greatness. He's making money and the money will come. But that's not the important thing to boot. It's about legacy and it's about proving to everyone that he's the best fighter in the world. And he's a joy to work with because all he wants to do is give the fans the best fights and he will do that consistently over the next 5, six, seven years. This is a true true champion and what you saw tonight was just a snippet of what's to come. There's so many names I want to call out, but I'm not going to do it. Tonight belongs to Geronis. What a star. What a fighter. Yeah. Congratulations, Eddie. Congratulations, Boo. Phenomenal performance.