Kind: captions Language: en You can say, "I want to win the national." You can say, "I want to be world champion. I want to make a million dollars." But without work and work and work put in, um, none of that is going to happen. You can ask God for all of that, but meeting him halfway, what it's all [Music] about. My name is Omari Jones. Um, I went to this past Olympics and, um, I came back home with a bronze. But that all started with a program just similar like this. Y'all facility, y'all had much more, way much more. But 8 years old is um when I found my passion for boxing. I seen I seen you shadow boxing over there. You got talent. You got potential. So stick stay on the course. Don't get sidetracked. Train harder in the gym. You'll get there. my dad here behind me, he was kind of like, you know, if you if you want to lock in on boxing and and stick with it and that's something you want to go after, you got to do it to the fullest. So, um, I did that. I made that choice and, um, with that, it came to a lot of ups and downs. You can't take off days in the gym. You can't, you know, stop and then be like, "Okay, I want to start back." The process is is when you keep growing, when you keep growing, that's when you gonna find when it when it when it really start getting better, you start seeing that approval. So, you gonna get your confidence back in sparring. That's where you get it back in the gym. And then when you go to the fight, it's easy. I was trying to make my goal to go to the Olympics and I kept coming up short. I went to the nationals in Tennessee. I went to the nationals in West Virginia. I went to the Junior Olympics. I did all that three three times. I came up short. I wanted to show people in my city of Orlando, but kids like you guys that somebody can come from, you know, pretty much, you know, humble beginnings and go after their goals and dreams. You're going to listen to Coach Amari. Here we go. All right. So, y'all going to come to me uh whatever combination I say. So if y'all on this side, this side, we going to jab. We going to start off with the basic jab. Ready? Go. Go. One, two. Stepping forward. One, two. Make sure you pivot that foot. Arms fully extended. Turn the full body. Ready? One, two. One, two. One, two. One, two. It's all about um the journey and me getting there. Uh the hard work, the dedication. And that's what it was truly about. And um I'm happy I was able to bring back back home the bronze medal. Ready? Jab. Double jab. Double jab. Double jab two. Double jab. Two. I feel staying grounded by just of course doing what I'm doing now. Keeping God first, keeping my my circle and team tight and small. I feel like the upsets and you know like just the the outside noise could could creep into you and your circle not being too big to come to a gym and reach out to the community to inspire the youth. I'm going to keep doing that and whatever impact I can make in the community or the world, I'm going to continue to do it. Go. I'm ready to talk to the kids. I feel like any any time I can make a um imprint on a child, I can do that because this might be a moment that they can remember for the rest of their life. An Olympic medalist uh doesn't come in your gym every day. This program, it showed me a lot from just the five minutes that uh we seen. It shows that you put a lot of time into these kids uh from the discipline from from the moves how they was listening to you. Uh shout out to coach and you know to the whole team. Y'all guys are are doing great. I expect you know national championships uh future Olympians out of this gym and uh thank y'all for having me once again. If you love this or whatever you choose um it's going to take you to places that that more than you ever imagined. just stick to the program, stick to your plan, have faith, and um follow through with it.