Kind: captions Language: en Well, Terra Moana, congratulations. There was no way I was getting in the way of that Tila dance. That was coming one way or the other. Uh, you can't seem to get out of the first round of these fights. You pick up another first round knockout. How'd you feel about that performance? I for first and foremost, I want to give all praise and glory to my Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. But, you know, Mell right here, he really liked me to get people out in the first round. And if you haven't noticed all my past four fights in these shorts, I think I've done them proud. So, I think my next fight I'll change my uniform and we'll get a new one. But yeah, what a what an opportunity to fight here in New York Madison Square Garden. Thank you all New York. Thank you for coming to support me. Keep an eye out cuz there's new black on like I'm here to take over the heavyweight division. Obviously, I got to go one step at a time up the ladder, but I want to do it like fight the game back in the day. Like go up the ladder, beat everyone there, not skip someone, skip someone. That's what I want to do. I'm a fighter and I love to fight. Allem Whitfield had a good amateur background and he came into this fight with a lot of confidence. What were you seeing from him early on? Oh, I just watched the his sparring. You know, I've been in with the best in the world in the Olympics. I believe I should have been the gold medalist, but you know, such is life. K. Whatever will be will be. God has planned for me. And I guess it's on the path to be world champ. Let's go. What has this last week, week and a half been like for you? You thought you were going to fight back in Australia. You had to turn around over the last weekend, come here to New York and fight here in the city. What's it been like? Oh, it's been awesome just to be here representing my family in my country, Australia and Cook Island. It's a blessing. It's an opportunity and I I took it with both hands, literally. And um yeah, thank you all for coming out. And what a life. You were an excellent amateur fighter, a former Olympian. You've been dominant so far as a pro. What's different about you in the pro ranks? I like the pros because you can really hurt your opponent. Um, the gloves are smaller. It makes me faster. I believe I'm the fastest heavyweight out there. Whoever wants it can get it. You said you'll fight everybody. A guy that I know you want to fight is Bakadir Jalalaf, who is back here in New York on July 26th, not here tonight, but here July 26th. How far do you think we're away from seeing you two go at it again? I think you'll definitely see us fight in the future, but when it comes to when, I think you should talk to my manager, Brian Peters. He he's the best. He's the mastermind behind it. And uh yeah, you know, I'll take care of anyone who steps in the ring. Congratulations, Derek Moana. Thank you very much. God bless everyone. God bless America. Let's go. All right, Eddie, we'll turn to you briefly. You got a uh new star here in your stable. Incredible young heavyweight. Incredible performance tonight from Tam Moana. Yeah, especially when he jumps on the plane just on Sunday last week to get here from Australia. He took an opponent 7-0, you know, didn't know a lot about him with good pedigree, destroyed him. This guy's a future world heavyweight champion, as you see, full of energy, full of personality, exactly what the sport needs, but as I said to you before we got into the ring, it's the fundamentals that he has, the attributes that he has. He has speed, he has IQ, and he has terrific punching power as well. So, remember the name. So nice. They named him twice. Terram Moana. Terramana will be the big star. We're going to have a show in Australia in August. I want to box him there, then bring him back over to the UK and America for two or three fights. Keep him nice and busy, end the year 10-0, 11-0, and then we step into championship contention. I'll ask you the same question, Jalalof, two-time Olympic gold medalist, got two wins over him in the amateur ranks. Is that a big fight down the road? Yeah, for sure. Like, you know, I said, you're going to see him fight everybody. that new era of heavyweights, Jalalof, Moses Talma, you know, all of those guys coming through the ranks. Justice Honey with a great performance the other week. Those are the new breed of heavyweights and um like I said, he's going to be right up there. Anybody that has the kind of power that he has, the fundamentals, the athleticism. He's a real star and he's got the charisma, the personality to match. So, you're going to love the journey. Let's keep him busy and let's see him in championship contention in 2026. Appreciate Netty.