Kind: captions Language: en 146.8 for Aantis Stanonis 146.8. [Applause] And now to the scale, the IBF undefeated world champion Geron Boots Andis 146.4 Four for Geron Bennis. 146.4. [Music] Both fighters coming in under the welterweight limit. Stannonis flat out looks ripped and Jeron Bennis looks healthy as well. Reminder, no second day weighin due to the unification fight. Final stare out. Let's listen in. It's all you. It's all you. My life. It's all him. You better get that gas. Let that gas keep coming. No bra. No bra. You better not break. If we stop, no break. Let's go. [Applause] Geron Bennis Aantes Stanonis 12 rounds for the IBF WBA and vacant ring magazine welterweight championship of the world. Matchroom boxing in association with TGB Promotions live on the zone from the iconic Boardwalk Hall in Atlantic City, New Jersey, USA. [Applause] Montes, you look in incredible shape. Boots and looks in incredible shape. No rehydration claws. How much weight do you plan on putting on after this? I don't focus to be honest how much I will put and how much he's going to put. It's the skills, you know. Now, a lot of people were suspecting that Bennis was having a difficulty making 147. What do you see now in his eyes and what do you see in his body? You know, he's true professional. He's trying to make a weight. He made a weight and I I appreciate that and I respect that. You know, now I've been in some situations where somebody couldn't make weight. So now it's everything is set, everything is done. I'm happy and that's it. Uh number one versus number two, two champions, unbeaten. I mean, this is the best of the best. Any predictions? I'm all in. All in. Love it. He's all in. Thank you. Thanks. Thank you, Sergio. We are now going to get the final word with the IBF welterweight champion of the world in Geron Bennis and Champ. I noticed when you stepped on the scale, you gave the hush motion. Yeah, there's a lot of noise, I think, for the first time in your career kind of rising here. People were were saying that your stock maybe stalled a little bit last fight. What are they going to be saying about your performance after tomorrow? They gonna see. You know, I'm going to show the world. I'm gonna show the world why I'm the best in the world. You know, it's my time. My time is now. And that WBA that ring magazine belt and and my IBF, we're going, you know, we going back to Philadelphia. You've been talking about wanting to stamp a legacy. What drives you for greatness. In terms of legacy over maybe the fame and the fortune that other championship fighters strive for. Um, legacy is, you know, is everything, you know. Uh, I want to stand my name at the welterweight division, you know, and be up there with the Greeks, Sugar, Sugar Ray Leonard, Floyd Mayweathers. And, uh, yeah, it's that time. What did you see in Aman Stanonus' eyes in the final faceoff? Them belts coming home. Like I said, them belts coming home. It's that time. And I'm going to show the world I'm the best in the world. You know, make sure y'all tune in. Don't get up to get no popcorn, don't move, don't blink, none of that. You know, it's that time. Now, there will not be a second day weigh-in cuz it's a unification fight. So, I got to ask you, what's on the menu for breakfast tomorrow? Uh, anything. No diddy. Well done. We'll end it right there. Giron, good luck to you tomorrow. Thanks for the time. All right. Thank you. Appreciate it. We're going to bring in Eddie Hearn here as we close in on fight night at the historic Boardwalk Hall. I I thought David Diamonte did a terrific job with that monologue about the history behind Boardwalk Hall. How likely is it that with this one versus two matchup, we could be looking at another piece of history for tomorrow night in this city? Yeah, I mean, David said it bang on. This venue is synonymous with some of the greatest names, some of the greatest fights in the history of the sport, not just in this country, but in the world. And when you talk about boxing venues, Madison Square Garden, MGM, the Ball calls right up there. It's going to could be completely full to the rafters tomorrow night. And it deserves it because I think this is the fight of the year. I think this is the best fight we've seen in 2025. It's the best be the best. It's everything that a fight fan wants. And you know, it's also the Ring Magazine Championship. You look at the names that have won that belt in the past. Mayweather, Sugar Ray Leonard, Wilfried Bonitez, Sugar Ray Robinson, Emil Griffith. It's it's just a huge huge moment and a huge moment for Geronis to go and show the world how special he is. He'll have to be special to beat Stanis tomorrow night. I think Stanis is coming fired up, charged up in the shape of his life. And you will get a thriller in Atlantic City on the zone tomorrow night. Eddie, both both fighters look in incredible shape. Sneis looks like a bodybuilder. Boots, that's probably the best I've ever seen him. This is the type of fight number one, number two, two champions, two unbeaten guys. How do you see this fight going? If it goes into the distance or do we see a knockout? I mean, look, I was surprised yesterday to hear Boosezie call out the early stoppage for Boots. You know, Stanis will be aggressive. He probably will make some mistakes early and Boots is a fantastic counter puncher. He's got a tremendous IQ. As the fight goes deeper, of course, the pressure of Stanis, the engine of Stanonis, it's going to cause anybody problems, but you know, they're two tremendous fighters. It's a great matchup of styles. I can't see anything but a fight of the year contender and and this is exactly what we want. You know, we've seen some tremendous fights in Saudi and the Ring magazine cards and now we're seeing another one week in week out, just two weeks before 65,000 people in London for Ben Vubank. Boxing's on fire right now. It's all on the zone and and tomorrow night you'll get you'll get an instant classic and and something for pure boxing fans, something for the hardcore, something for casual sport fans, and something for everybody. Just a tremendous fight card and a main event like I said that I believe will deliver fight of the year. One more before we close it out here from AC for the weigh-in show. I think it's appropriate because it's the weigh-in show. Uh I I was asking Giron, no second day weigh-in for IBF rules, unification fight. How does that play a factor into tomorrow night in your Europe? I think I think it's great news for Geron. I mean, look, we all know he's a massive welterweight. I got to say, you know, I've been around him all week. I was with him this morning. Looked seemed very different compared to the Chadasian fight in terms of the way he made weight. I I would think it is a struggle for him. He's a huge 147 pounder, but not having to think about the weigh in tomorrow, not having to get on the scales tonight 8:00, 10:00, measure your food, measure your liquids, measure your water, go out there. You don't want to go crazy, you know? You don't want to start putting on 20, 25 pounds, coming in the ring feeling lethargic. He needs to be razor sharp tomorrow night. He's got a great team around him, but not having to think about that weigh in tomorrow morning, having a good sleep and a good meal tonight, that's going to set Boots up for a great performance. Yeah, unlike his last couple of fights, it's going to be a great breakfast in Atlantic City for Geron Bennett. Will it be a great night? Well, we are a little over 24 hours away from finding out. It is poised to be a terrific showdown. One versus two. Andis Stanis main card begins tomorrow here from AC at 8:00 p.m. Eastern. Join us for Before the Bell at 5:00 p. p.m. Eastern at the historic Boardwalk Hall. For Eddie Hearn, for Sergio Moore, our entire crew here in AC, I'm Justin Shackle. We'll talk to you tomorrow