Kind: captions Language: en I think Johnny is still the favorite. There's lots of pressure on you. It's real. This is pride. This is about proving a point. No interest in I can meet Johnny Fisher. My kids are going to have a fantastic life. It's for them. There are no nerves. There is no fear. I have just got a job to do. [Music] 147 days ago, just been told I was fighting Johnny Fisher. 147 days ago, considering where we are now, was I fighting on the 21st of December in Saudi Arabia. Box everyone. I box everywhere. Retired 12 times. Fighting was my passion and now it's my job. I I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] borderline mad. And now I'm 33 and I live the best life ever. This is what I dreamed of when I was that kid, 19, 20 years old, buying a bit of Dave Allen. I've worked hard to be in this position. I didn't ever think my profession was going to be a professional boxer. Look at him go. The rush football applying the pressure. He's put too much of these punches and I thought you cannot do that for 10 rounds. You're too big. Johnny, it's not for my ego. I'm doing it for something I perceive to be a higher cause. See this now where experience is I won the belt. I'd wear it everywhere 100%. I'll take it everywhere, show it every even going to local schools and that life is for living at the end of the day. I think the mics like this, that's what we live for as professional fighters. Victory at all costs, but that's a one round knockout or a 10 round points victory. Winning is everything. I keep this dream alive and keep it moving. That's why I've garnered such fantastic support. I'm so grateful for because people know I always give my best. I'm excited to see where we could end up in this game. There's more pressure on him. I don't put any pressure on myself. I've been on the biggest stages and and landed completely flat on my face. I'm like boxing's best most love loser really. But I' I'd like to win a couple more big ones before I'm done. This one on the Saturday is another big one and I would like to win it. I feel better being back in the gym. I feel like a boxer again. I feel like feel like I could possibly win the British Heavyweight title one day. This is my chance to elevate myself as a professional boxer to the next level. That's what this is about. This is unlocking the next level of who I am as a British sportsman. And like anything in life, you've got to overcome obstacles and the next obstacle is Saturday night. And that's what I do best. That crowd feeds me. It empowers me. I think back to that last fight in December. If that was in the copper box, then it would have been absolutely electric my area, my domain. I don't think there's the experience. I can drag him into a fight after I've survived a few early rounds and so be it. I've got a few more trucks in the bag as well. So, and they're all going to come out Saturday. He ain't even He even was in the low blow yet. The balls. Good job. My balls are tiny. It's exper It's an experience game. I've got [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] loads of it. It's war. It's a battle. It's no mercy. It's aggression in a controlled manner. It's spitefulness. I've got a vicious streak inside of me. I hone it in the best way possible. When I fought Armstrong, I went over there in the first 10 seconds. I dropped the man. Babich was 30 seconds. I might well walk across the ring and give it a go. I'll decide on the day how I'm feeling really what I want to do. And I think that instinctive nature always always helps me. Fighting with that freedom, fighting with that that lack of pressure or that lack of knowledge of what's been put upon me and what people think of me. I don't fight for that. I fight because I want to give my best. I want to make my family proud. What's good about my journey, the romp for Bal Army's journey, is it's bigger than just me. It's my family. It's my friends. It's really a movement. I think the main tenants of that movement is believing in hard work. Saturday night, the only thing that's on my mind is getting my hand raised and moving on to the next one. The British title would be amazing. But uh the rest of them, they mean nothing to me. I'm not interested in belts. It's all about the British title. If I won the British title, I'd be over the moon. It's like a it's a lifelong ambition of my old man, me here anymore, but that was what he always wanted for my dad and myself. I don't think this is any result where I get knocked out. No, don't even about being uh tough. It's about being [Music] clever. I was all over the place. If he couldn't get me out there then and he was certain of it then, why is he certain of it now? I actually finished that round getting on top of him and he couldn't get me out of there. And Sunny was saying, "Your granddad's in that corner with you." for [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bring that job. Got to get fresher. And I knew I've got to dig deep here and I've got to make him proud. I've got to make my family proud. Yeah, I thought I'd won the fight, but um it was a close contest really. I think looking at it objectively, I won round one before and I won six and I won 10. That is a disgraceful decision. I wasn't a dick at all. Sound like you've won the fight. I'm happy for you. probably needed it more than me. Great fight. Listen, listen. I thought you just said it. He does. Yeah, I've done things a very stupid way. So, I done it my way all the way through. There's loads of things I could have and should have done differently. But whatever I've done, we're here. I hope it's a great fight Saturday. I hope do it a third time. There's no one else I' I'd rather be doing this with, to be honest. Making great money, uh, headlining shows. There's no one else I'd rather do it with. And I mean that's a genuine thing as well. I'm not saying that to be nice cuz I'm going to try and knock him unconscious on Saturday. When the copper box is 7 and 1 half 8,000 full and they're all screaming from set me off. He won't be able to resist. You don't want to get out of me. You don't at all. I'm willing to leave it all in that ring and get flattened on the floor. We've seen before that Dave's willing to go back to the corner and quit in the corner. You can't say things like this is a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hard game. I said to Anthony, "You should let quit against Ruiz." 6 weeks later, I'm going to be soul getting carried out against Price. Life's got a funny way of biting in the ass. I will win the fight a million%. I'll knock him out as well. Nothing's going to change for me. There going to be no change. I'm going to come out. I'm going to survive a few rounds. I'm going to get myself comfortable. I'm going to start landing my jab and then we're going to go to work. This is pride. This is vengeance. This is about proving a point. There are no nerves. There is no fear. Meet me in the middle, Johnny Fisher. Just meet me in the middle and let the battle commence.