Kind: captions Language: en I make weight easy. I'm at weight right now. That's just I think that was like kind of like maybe that was like holding me back that that second second day. A lot of guys I've been doing that for three years. 20 years. You're a big guy. Yeah. Have you had to like be have nutritionist to be careful for the day after? No, this is my this is my first time having nutritionist. Really? I feel Yeah. I've been doing everything on my own. This is my first first camp. I had nutrition. I feel great. What inspired you to kind of do that work? I just just wanted to try something new, you know, to see how see how my body feel, how my body react. I I feel great, you know. Like I said, I'm overweight right now. I'm about to go eat when I get done. I making 147 was not it's not a problem for me. It's like I don't know what people be talking about. People be saying talking about something cuz I said might about going about going to 154. That was only because if I don't get these champions, then maybe I will. Like I told you earlier, if I say I might come to a party, that mean I might come. If I don't show up, I didn't show. I said might. I'm not making you're not making making you gota make sense of that. You know what I'm saying? Sandy, have you faced anyone similar to him? Do you compare Chuk Chukian a little bit like him as far as a guard, you know, the body style? I feel like it was nothing I never never seen before. He come forward, try to throw a lot of punches, try to jab, try to hook you. There's nothing I never seen before. I know him fighting me though, he never seen nobody like me before ever. So, have you um this camp is kind of your dad? You try to clean anything up? Anything maybe different about this camp as far as training goes? Um just, you know, just working on what I need to work on for this camp, you know? I just listening to my dad and things like that. Whatever we everything that he had planned for this camp was perfect. You know, I worked on everything I need to work on for this camp. Do you think you got hit like going back to the A1 fight? You think you got hit too much? Was that I think you said it after the fight. You maybe did, but like was that more ring rust than anything else? Like I feel like that that was a little bit like a little bit of ring rust, but just me just being, you know, like like I like I said before, like he's fighting these guys that I don't want to fight. Like, you know, it's hard to get up for these guys. Like Evan was okay, but the the two fight again, that was pointless. That was hard. It was it was real hard to get up for that. I beat that guy 12 nothing. and I had to turn around and fight him again for a mandatory. Like I never heard of nothing like that. I just fought him last like a year a year before. It don't that don't make sense. But you know at the end of the day it's boxing. I got to fight my mandatory. So it is what it is. So I I got the minute out the way and I I kick still came out on top. But now we got something we got something that I'm going to show y'all. All y'all I'mma show all y'all talking and all that talking about duck this duck that. I didn't even like duck nothing. Like y'all tripping. I stand at this week for a reason. I say this week cuz I said I want I want to be undisputed. I want to collect these belts. I want to stay my legacy at 147. If I can't get these champions, then I will move to 154. And y'all don't I don't know where y'all was getting this duck narrative and all that. Y crazy. But but go ahead. Wait. I said full Gro. Huh? You said full G. I didn't say duck. No. Now what you got to understand now, we we we talked about it today. You you got I mean when you're calling out the best of the best. Yeah, but if I but I'm but I'm going back to again. saying if I said if I said Mike it don't mean I'm going is let me get let me try to at least get the champions first before I even y'all putting out a bad narrative and to everybody ticking in and running and things like that that's that's not good for boxing and I wasn't saying nothing on or going on on social media stuff about stuff cuz I really don't care but like y'all got to stop doing that though for real like it mean it make boxing look bad like y take y listening to what these other guys saying all these other people saying y can't be doing the uh the pressure that he fights with. Do you expect him to do the same thing? You heard what he just said, right? What he say? All gas, no brakes. He going to run right into a rock, right over the bridge, right into a boulder. He going to run into something. The knockout going to come. I just just don't force it. I'm going to go in there, have fun, take my time, be me, be who I who I know I am, you know, just relax, you know, it's going to come, you know. I just have my fun, put on a show, and show I'm like I said, show everybody why I'm the best in the world, why I'm the best in this division. and um extend my name, you know, at the at the wealthy division and in the in the and in the boxing world, you know, and I will be powerful pen in a power pen list after this fight, you know, and I can't wait to I can't wait to add that WBA, that ring magazine and uh will keep my IBF belt around my waist and I'm excited. Is this the most I mean, you're obviously you want to get in the rep. You want to show how things are just set there. Is this the most you've been for a fight or like maybe anxious the wrong word, but like most energized to go? I'm excited. I'm just I'm just happy. I'm excited. I'm ready to shut everybody up and just go cuz just I'm just I'm ready to show show everybody why like like I said I I don't want to sound repetitive but I want to show everybody why I'm the best in the world and uh perfect fight you know and I'm number one he number two and I think he the better out of the other two champions and he was the only one that took the fight so so yeah so I think everything for everything perfect time things happen for a reason you know I I had that those two bad performances everybody think they could do thumbnail. So, we going to see. We going to see. So, you're predicting the knockout just most definitely. I'm predicting knockdown, but I ain't going to look for it, though. If it don't come, I don't I don't care if it don't come or not. But I I'm saying, take my time, have my fun, put on put on the show, you know, show the world, you know, show the world my talent, show my show my tool bag a little bit. And um it's going to come though, but I ain't going to look for it. Like I said, if it don't come, so what? Long as I long as I still win. What do you see the best punches that's going to land? something you're going to set him up with. I I have an idea what I know exactly what I'm going to set him up with. He has gets hit sometimes, you know. So, it's like Yeah. So, it's like I'm looking at that and other fighters don't don't press so much or you know, sometimes they leave. So, I don't know. I have to take advantage of a lot of things. You got one of the best jabs in in boxing. Like, how key is Yeah, short jab, long jelly. Yeah, short jab, long jab. But he's also different style. is countering because sometimes I throw the jab and I know the guy is not not countering but he he might counter me so I have to you know make some traps you know for that so yeah we'll see for sparring did you have southpaw orthodox or who did you have more south southpaw orthodox southpose orthodox south yeah I don't like to spar a lot really don't or do I don't like a lot like a I go like hard sp if it's sparring it's hard you know give it all and right gas no break and you've always been like that you weren't much of a that's smart by the way my trainer was the same way I don't think I don't think so to spar like because when they came to United States they spar three times and you go like it's okay if you maybe spar four rounds and it's not hard but if you it's high level and it's like when I spar let's say 12 rounds or 10 rounds you know it's like five one guy five another or one guy, another guy, another guy. So, it's tough, you know. It's like you can't do this. You will leave everything in the chip. It also hard to get him sparring. They spar once and then you because the way you spar is like fight and you spar with 16 gloves and Yeah. Yeah. And they and still can't get sparring. Yeah. How do you describe your style? Because I I watch you fight. You you could be both a puncher, a boxer, presser boxer. How do you describe it? I don't know. you know, like any say he thinks I'm stupid, just going straight forward and that's it. And I'm just thinking maybe it looks like from the outside, but I'm trying to create that traps, you know, sometimes and you know, other stuff. So, I don't know. I think I'm not like I know what he meant about saying stupid just going forward, but maybe it looks like Let me ask you a question. The the ear muff defense, you've always had it as an amateur and a pro. Yeah. How is it? Most of the time when fighters have that defense after the fight, whether they win or lose, they're marked up. Not you, not much. I me I'm marked a lot. Look about what the title. It's my face. No, no, the title. Yeah, but other earlier in career. Yeah. Earlier, yeah, it was like less rounds or it was like Yeah. But I always get I get a little bit hidden. I'm like, "Oh my god." So, you've always liked that stuff. Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. The style. Yeah. But even it's like it seems like I block scratches. It scratches. I hated blocking punches like that. It still rattles your brain, you know. Yeah. But I don't know. I'm used to this from the day one. I'm just saying the skin. Yeah. Like how it looks like it it looks like I went to the war. But the uh the Maestroy fight coming off the two-year layoff. How did you feel physically in the ring? Did you feel like yourself or did you feel like a guy coming off a two-year layoff? It was just like crazy feeling because I was laughing and into going to the fight. I was so happy that it's it's done that I got a fight you know because I missed so much because I had other team I had also issues managers promoters so it was like you know trying to do my best getting the fights and not getting and my manager saying just previous manager you know seeing you next month next month next month imagine this two years I'm just training training training and never no money no nothing no income you know it's like I think it's Like what for? Maybe I have to go and do something else. You meant you said that to me earlier. Like how close did you think you got to saying you know? Very close. I think it's because of my wife. She wouldn't say yeah go do if she's not the woman that you know it's about the money or something. She she cares what I love to do, you know, because she also she's like in interior design. So I wanted to go and do something else which you said you might do but then you can't come to back boxing because it's like if you leave you leave it's like I'm like yes I am. So what do you think that inactivity was bad luck? Bad luck only bad luck. 2023 was bad luck that was Yeah. So it wasn't just lack of opportunity or lack of opponents that people there was like no opportunities because like I I never turned out any fight like you know when the fighters I was in Olympics I signed before you know with others and you know for I heard this that for some fighters they give you like three four options. Yeah I never had any options. So that's why I'm saying they say I'm as an aside but I'm B side. They give me whatever they give and I'll just say yes. I I don't understand why they even ask you if you'll fight this guy. Has there been been a champion from Luke Lu? No, right. The first one. You want to You're the first one. That's a big deal, man. Yeah, that's a big deal. So, you know, it's also like for a kids growing up, they have to look at somebody because I haven't I just had a dream like crazy dream I can become world champion. And the thing is was I I said when I was a kid I need to fight in America to be known because of the style and because here is the makeup of boxing you know it's no matter is there is there anyone in your resume that resembles as far as style that you can you can maybe compare him to in pros no but in amateurs I fought like Olympic champions you know Olympic silver medalist that like a lot of like good guys world champions and Can I beat them and it's only three rounds and it's no like replicate like him in pros? No, honestly I can see no. What do you have to watch out whenever you're fighting a a fighter like that that switches so often? Has good power, has good speed, very confident. Yeah, he's like he has twitch muscles, you know, and has like combinations. So I have take look at that. Everything. Yeah. Everything cuz he's strong back of the head. Yeah. punch. No, low blows. Slow blows. That's the thing. Low blows. Rabbit punch. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. But the game plan is, you know, sometimes you go to the ring and I my thing is you have to find keys to victory in the fight because you you can plan whatever you want. You can see the tape that he's doing this thing. But when you go in there and you feel the timing and everything, everything might be get out of the window. For him and for me, it's the same, you know. So I I like to go round by around. Did you reach your wife? Yes. Yes. All good. Yes. All good. Yeah. She said the baby's waiting till 14. Like it's a weird question, but like when you get if baby's not born by Saturday, like do you just do you shut the phone off and say like I got to focus on this? Like how do you what's kind of that's it's a unique situation. It's unique situation. Of course, if she's going like on Saturday, it's time difference also. You know, it's 7 hours. So it's like maybe doesn't know what time it is if I exactly I don't know I just I just prepared. She said just be prepared if I'll be gone you know later I'll send you a selfie and everything will be fine. So God willing everything will be okay. And she just said,