Kind: captions Language: en Pat, great to see you. Thanks for joining us. Good turnout here. That's something we're getting used to when Pat Brown is in town. Weight made, first weigh in as a professional. Not long to go now. How you feeling? Yeah, not long to go. Uh I always bring a few people with me and that they come far and wide and yeah, this is uh it's goal time now. Everything's done, refueled up, and I'm I'm ready to put in a performance. You said to me at the press conference, look, you were finding it hard to stay on the sofa. You're starting to get a little bit wound up now. How are you feeling facing off with Brandon? every time. Uh, my legs are shaking now. I'm ready to go. Seriously, I'm I'm Yeah, I'm ready. This is uh this is good. This is what I've been missing. You know, I didn't feel these feelings until last summer in the Olympics, and I've missed it big time. And in terms of everything that comes with this headlining on your professional debut, no doubt there's pressures, but you know what they say about pressure in this game. What's your message? What's your promise to this crowd? What do you want to deliver them tomorrow? I'll deliver him um the night of the life. I know I will. um you know me cousin uh this Sunday, it would have been uh a year ago since he passed away and left me. So um he's still inside me. So he's fighting Pat Brown and Ross Aken on Friday night. So uh yeah, we're all there. We're all there for him and we're going to blow that roof off. Fantastic work Darren over to you. You would have been dreaming of this debut for a long time now. How does that dream play out tomorrow night? I'm just going to be cool, calm, collected. I'm going to take it all in. I'm not going to, you know, ruin it with nerves and excitement. I'm going to put on a mature performance. You know, this guy's no mug. He's in good shape. He's coming to win the fight. And yeah, he's game game as a badger. He's going to come forward and then Yeah, he's going to feel a shot right in his jaw. Then he's going to know, don't step in front of me. Little final message, Pat, to this crowd. Pardon? Little final message to the crowd in here. Yeah, just thanks very much for coming. Uh, yeah, we know the dillydally boys, don't we? Pat, wish you the very best of luck. Thank you very much. tomorrow night. Here is a final reminder of what is coming your way. Cheers. Thanks a lot. Cheers. Thank you very much. Live on the zone tomorrow from Planet Ice in Ultringham. 5:30 p.m. before the bell. Liam Taylor versus Jamie Stewart. Big fight that for Liam Taylor knows a win. Will lock in that shot against current British welterweight champion Connor Walker later in the year. Taylor Beaven's dazzled so far, hasn't he? Two and0 with two knockouts fights for the third time as a professional tomorrow night. And then Connor Tudsbury on what is a massive night for the gym. Jamie Moore and Nigel Travis of course Pat Brown and Cameron Bong also in action. But Connor Tsdbury looked good on his professional debut 6 weeks ago is back in action. Before we cross live to the main zone broadcast 700 p.m. for the return of William Crawler 7 and0 knockouts. Five knockouts coming in the very first round. He meets Emanuel Zion in the opener before the English super middleweight title is on the line as champion Reese Farhill meets Mark Dickinson. the chief support. The long-standing rivalry, all the talk is done. It's finally put to bed in the ring. WBO European lightweight title on the line as Cameron Fong and Jordan Flynn finally do battle. And then of course in the main event, the professional debut of Pat Brown who beats Federico Grandoni. Eddie Hearn has joined us in the studio. Eddie, when you heard the crowd there, you were smiling from ear to ear. Why? Because you know, you got what you got is you got a ticket seller of incredible numbers, but someone that can really fight, someone with pedigree, someone that's been in the big tournaments around the world, someone that represented GB in the Olympics, and someone that sold more tickets on his professional debut than probably any fighter in the last decade, two decades, I don't know. And tomorrow night, you'll see it live. And I'm excited about the following, but I'm really excited about the fighter. You know, I spoke to people who have sparred in this camp and they just say, "Oh, what an horrible handful." You know, he's all action. He's exactly what the public love to see. And it's a really good card tomorrow night. You know, we were just saying even before the bell, you know, Connor Tudsbury is in a tough fight. William Crawler's in a really, really good fight. Taylor Beavenon's opponent looks bang up for it as well. And of course, Cameron Vong, Jordan Flynn, great fight. Farel Dickinson really, really good fight as well. I managed to pick up the thousand dong as well on the floor which was a right time during the way and I was asking someone to Google the transl the uh you know the translation for that thousand dong probably a quid but not leaving on the floor. What's impressed you about the the character of Pat particularly this week and the composure he's shown? Just a real hardworking honest individual. You know when we sat down and we had our conversations with him he was talking to every other promoter. We just clicked. We just got on. you know, we just believed in each other. I know that when I'm investing in a fighter, I need quality and ability, but I need someone with a great work ethic that's not going to all of a sudden go off the boil, start getting too big for his boots, not training properly. Pat Brown's going to give it 110% every day of the week. He's a proper Manchester lad with a real real great head on his shoulders, great work ethic, great mindset, and really the only thing that can stop him is his own work ethic, which is unquestionable, and ability. And he's got it all. So, just got to be a little bit calm tomorrow night. It's actually a good good matchup. This is not a guy that's going to come and just cover up after 30 seconds and walk away. I hope he's not as tough as the Argentinian Palacios that we had in Sydney last week against Katyv because he was unbelievable. But we want someone that comes to fight back a little bit. I mean, that's the pressure of headlining your own show. The great thing about nextg is people like, you know, Cameron Bong, people like Mark Dickinson, people like William Crawler can get those main event slots in front of a decent crowd and really experience that pressure. But Pat's headlining and in your debut that brings another element of pressure. So you don't want to go out and be wild and get carried away and walk onto one. You're not talking about guys, you know, super banttoms and feather. These are big guys. And the great thing about the cruiserweight division is they can punch and they got explosive speed. you make a mistake and you walk on to one, it doesn't matter how many tickets you've sold. So, the experience that Pat Brown has has gained over the years will help him in that respect. Stay calm, listen to Jamie and Nigel and go and box well and entertain and he he'll knock this kid out. You mentioned three words there, calm, pressure, nerves, you as a promoter, when you've got the the total package there, do you sit there nervous hoping that they deliver? It's the perfect day. We all know the game, you know, we know that anything can happen. And we know that tomorrow night Pat Brown is a big favorite against a decent fighter that he should go in there and knock out and get the whole of the city, the whole of the country excited about the journey of potentially the next star of British boxing, the next big star, someone that can fill up the co-op, someone that can fill up the Manchester Arena, you know, and all of a sudden the kind of performance that I think he can give can get people very excited. But you know when that bell goes it's over to them. You know we've done our thing. We've given him the bid buildup completely sold out the roof. You'll you'll see tomorrow. You'll see a really special atmosphere. I'm talking Ricky Hatton levels from the early days. I'm talking Johnny Fisher now. I'm talking Josh Warrington in leads. It's the same kind of vibe and this is the guy to lead the charge of Manchester over the next few years. But it's a fight game and anything can happen. Chief support. We finally see it the third time of asking. Cameron Vaughn and Jordan Flynn put it all to bed, the long-standing rivalry. What are your big questions tomorrow ahead of that one? Well, I mean, I think it's a good time for Jordan Flynn to get this fight. You know, originally, first time around, no one gave him much of a shot in the fight. He's a good young fighter. He's a three-time national champion. He's undefeated, but at the same time, Cameron Vong, you know, the hype was off the scale. Now, it was a big step up against Gavin Gwin, but it was a very close fight. And I don't think he boxed to his full potential there, even though he was probably moved a little bit too quick. Now, you're reversing a little bit, but there's a lot of pressure on Cameron Vaughn because now there's a little bit of doubt, you know, and if I'm Jordan Flynn, I'm probably more confident now than I was when the fight was first made. And, you know, Cameron's got to go and make a statement tomorrow night when we talk about fighters with tremendous ability and hype. You got to go and beat people like Jordan Flynn because Jordan Flynn's a guy that, you know, he's he's an English level guy, maybe a guy that can go on and fight for the British title. Cameron Vaughn is supposed to be this world level prospect that's going to go on over the next couple of years and fight for a world title. Well, if you are, you have to be going through the levels, but now you got the pressure of the Gwyn fight, a few critics, a few doubters. I think that will bring the breast best out of Cameron Von. Do you think Jordan's got under Cameron's skin at all? I think Cameron can't stand him. I mean I you know up there he's like I just can't do it any I can't I can't listen to you. I mean you know and that's who knows I think you know sometimes a loss can really you know evolve you as a fighter. What happened with Cameron was it was a fight that he could have lost. It was a very close fight but he got the win. But the same lessons from a defeat in a fight like that will be absorbed and I think that will make him a much better fighter. To come through 10 hard rounds like that against someone like Gavin Gwyn will evolve you so much. And I'm hoping that we see big improvements from Cameron Bong tomorrow night because I think it's time for him to make a statement. Final one on Will Crawler. I mean, you've compared him to a young Gennady Glovkin the way he turns them over. That's big. I'm the hype man. I'm Listen, I'm I'm your favorite hype man, right? and and I honestly believe that Will Crawler has freakish punch power and it's all very well like breezing through low-level opposition, but the last fight particularly was a guy that basically always goes the distance against very talented young fighters and Will stopped him in the first round and it was a freakish kind of shot, you know, and sometimes he turns his knuckles over, he throws them from different angles as well. Yes, there you go. And I think that this fight is actually a big acid test for him because all of a sudden when you're coming through and you're knocking people out and everyone's getting, you know, out of control on the hype, every now and again, you just reach the moment where you just get a little bit of a gut check and you're in with someone that doesn't just go over when you land one on the chin and someone that does fire back and someone that's got decent fundamentals as well. And this is the fight he's in tomorrow. You know there's a lot of people when when you make a good fight on the undercards if you always people that come and go you know he's in a tough fight you know I mean you did it earlier with Connor Tudsbury you know those two fought in the amateurs in a very good fight a lot of people expecting Connor Tudsbury to be in a in a good fight tomorrow night but I've had three or four people say to me about Will Crawler that's a serious fight you know and if you get carried away with it and I probably don't help all of a sudden you can come come unstuck over six rounds against someone that all of a sudden takes the shots firing back. So nice and composed, but I rate Will Cra. I mean, what a dark horse, Will Crawler. Yeah. You know, I mean, this is a kid I used to see in the changing rooms when amp was fighting for the world title. He was, I don't know how old he was, 15, 16, 17. I didn't even know he boxed back then. Then I found out he was a decent amateur, but, you know, went off the rails and didn't really. And then all of a sudden out of nowhere it's like we've been gifted with this top prosper big ticket seller likable guy and really exciting like dynamite in his hands. How far away from the domestic guys at 154 boss Dan and I think you'll find out. I think you'll find out tomorrow night. I mean this isn't going to tell us if he's going to go on and be a world champion but it's going to tell us if he's ready to start moving to eight and 10 for English title level and British title eliminators. If you keep breezing through these levels you just keep going. you know, you you don't mess it all up and go too fast, but you don't you also don't tread water. And you know, maybe maybe he's got it. Maybe he's the real deal. But I tell you what, when you carry power makes such a big difference. Darren knows. I mean, 61% knockout ratio. Exactly. And on that note, it's time to end. Great night, great card of nextg action coming your way tomorrow from Planet Ice here in Ultringham. 5:30 p.m. before the bell, 7:00 p.m. the zone broadcast from myself, Jamie Ward, Darren Barker, Eddie Hearn. We'll see you tomorrow. But of course in the main event, it's a big warm welcome to professional boxing for Pat