Kind: captions Language: en Okay, it's 8:00. Um, now we run on the track, kill him runs, and then probably spa about 3 4:00. In between that, I'll just chill, eat, have coffee. Few more laps. Got a few more laps now. But you'll see the one I do. It's tough. Two, one, go. I think anyone with their head screwed on and that's clued up enough will know you have to train to get what you want. It's not just going to come to you. Pretty simple really, isn't it? Like anything in life, if I could avoid doing this and doing the hard bit, I would. But you just can't see results. I have to do this. And I've seen the results for years and it works. So Gal's really fit. So, all we've been doing this morning is just lining up a session that's a little bit more like fight tempo, fight pace, where he's up and down, changing through the gears, and making sure that he's ready, ready to go. Now, so this might be 5 seconds, 30 seconds, 10 seconds, whatever. Yeah. Yeah. In a bout, you don't get to control the tempo all the time. Sometimes you got to go with your opponent's tempo. Then, it just trains that ability for the body to keep up with the tempo he wanted to push. You're going to have to weave and dodge as well. Right. You ready? Go down. Game over. Good. Yeah. You know what is just getting nervous, you know, but they're good to get your feet. How often would you do this? Twice a week. Got be knowing it. Feel better afterwards. Need to do the 12 rounds at a good pace. And I'm quite I'll throw a lot of punches so I need to be fit. Yeah. Hopefully I'm fit. Tell you faster. Is it convenient ain't it? Literally over there and it I get two little brown sugars in it. Bit of cream as well. Cream on that. I'm good with the waiting. Don't cut get on camera now. I don't get it. You know what it is? I I need a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] man. I need a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Literally, you know, when I'm fighting, I'm just I just live a simple life. I come up here, train, coffee. eat the same stuff, you know, salmon, chicken, vegetable. Every sportsman, you know, sportsmania and boxer, it's uh yeah, it's not the most fun. When I was like 16, 17, I started just to like coffee and now like I'm I'm like a coffee snob now. Like before I'd have anything costa, but then now it's like I never went to Starbucks today, but I don't usually come to Starbucks. Um I like to make my own really. Hopefully come with barista after boxing if I don't do any if I don't any good. go back, just chill. Um, have a little bit of toast or something. What are you going to show us in the boring flat? There's nothing to see in the morning flat. Nothing to see. Um, you can watch him tell if he's on. What's life been like since the uh Sunny Edwards fight? That is just to win a just to win. shot to make his ring walk go halifi. Brilliant start by the Olympic champion. Very few predicted a win of this kind for G who announces himself on the world stage in the flyweight division. I told you all. I told you yeah it was great to beat Sunny but I didn't become world champion nothing come from it and I knew that I knew that when obviously when I fought immediately didn't have a world title so no at all and I need that I need to be world champion so that's just the steps to become world champion was beating it hopefully sooner what does this fight mean it was ordered from WBC so I have to fight this guy so the winner will go on to fight Ken Shiro who's a champion. It's a It's a fight I have to have and and I have to win and he's a good fight too. I think he's probably going to be my hardest fight to date. I think it will be. Yeah. So these are just the flats that all the boys have already. So obviously everyone that sees this that box on GB would have stayed here. So like AJ would have stayed there and yeah don't know all these flats. I don't need much. I I'm here to train. I'm here to work. You get a bed just to sleep, sofa to chill on, food to make. That's what I need when I'm in camp. I can enjoy my life and enjoy the nicer things after my fight. I'm terrible with it. I'm just doing the tell. Do you think you could have been an electrician if you want a box? Yeah. What's his name? The electrician. The boxer. What's his name? Yeah, could be like a Yeah, I'm not smart enough to be fair. How you getting terrible? Oh, look. I've been I've been punched too many times. Chicken, salmon, avocado, sweet potato. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] food. Well, it's night food. Not [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] but it's you know it's just if it was not boxing I wouldn't choose to eat it. Most of the weeks you'll have allocated flat so everyone will stay in pretty much the same flat but now and again you'll get a few people different people come in. So I got to show you the shoes. I went in here the other day. I saw these shoes. Yeah. And someone said come up to me and they said your shoes go off. I said [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] my shoes. I said I could swim in I could row those. size. Oh, size eight. I wish I was size eight. I could fit my body in. Fingers I actually do this daily. You think you'd have a dishwasher, wouldn't you? Please make sure all washing up is done and kitchen area is clean before you leave. This guy's good, you know. It's Rodriguez. He's a good father. He's been he's been around for long. He turned pro in 2010. I didn't even start boxing then [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I was looking at I was like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sake it's going to be tough. I know he's he's a typical Mexican fighter. Comes forward throws a lot strong. I think I've just got better boxing skills. We're both at the same age which is crazy. We're both 32. He's obviously had a lot of mileage. He's boxed for very long. He's had I think he's had 41 fights. I've had nine. And that was just that's just my path. That's my story. He his story was go pro young and mine was start boxing a bit later, go to the Olympics and go down that route and I'm just yeah I just play with the cars I'm dealt with and and and they're the cars that that I got to deal with on the 21st June. I think I'm just in PZ today. I'll probably do 10 rounds. Normally if I'm a bit tired I'll probably do eight. Maybe do a few shadow as well. Normally 10. But at the in Sheffield, a place where I've trained for like 10 years, so just another day uh another day in the gym. Come join me. I think Gal's in his he's in his prime and he's in his, you know, he's he's boxing really well. Very fit on it all the time. So you don't take fights unless you think you can win them. It's the same as this fight coming up. He's in with a really really good top opponent. really difficult fight, but you got to believe you can win. Accept the fight and then do the performance. My fault. Shoulders loose, stay on your right angle, edge round to the right. That's it. Keep doing it. Gal, he's Olympic champion and you know, he's fought some of the best in the world for years on the circuit. It's on the wall. [Music] Don't punch unless you smooth. All right. Okay. And constantly edge around on the right angle. Yeah. Obviously, I've got a great relationship with Rob. Um, but he's he's he's a great trainer, great guy. I get along with him very well. So, he looks after me and he trains me hard. Hopefully world champion. It's a brilliant thing for boxers, isn't it? If they can win the Olympics and then become a legitimate world champion, it's incredible for them. So, yeah, you got to perform on the night and you got to get things right. Keep it smooth. See this fight with Rodriguez maybe being the final hurdle. Yeah, 100% it is the final hurdle. Another really tough opponent Gal's up against. Not going to be an easy fight. You know, he's one of the best in the world, isn't he? Nothing's easy for Gal. It never has been. you know, he started off in a 10 rounder and he's fought some really good fighters and he has another one, another good fighter. So, but he's confident. He's looking forward to it. You know, it's five rounds. So, it's like good preparation to be fit and it got to be fit when you're fighting. Got to be fit. That's like that's like my my strength is my fitness ain't it? So, and then it all comes off comes off. I'll just do a bit of skipping. Just do my abs. Oh, you know, I'm quite laidback. I just train hard. Whatever happens happens. If I lose, I lose. If I win, if I win, great. If I lose [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it's a long roll back. it. The bad thing with me is or the hard thing is because I'm at a smaller weight so it's harder and I'm not massively known like a if I was a like a superstar you lose come back to hard so hopefully I don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] lose all seriousness I am a content professional no I'm being serious so I I say all the time I always say like if I lose and I'm not training as hard cuz I give it everything can touch wood as a beat I've won so if I do end up losing I just think I can't be asked to doing no again. I've stopped to eating good. I've stopped to getting up early, training hard. So if I if I lose, it's going to fall off. I'll just be halfarted. Just do give 50%. Yes, boys. It's been fun. That was a day in life of Glafi. It's been good having you boys here. The final hurdle June 21st, Rodriguez, and then I'm coming for the world title. You know what? To be fair, I watch a lot a lot of stuff on YouTube. I don't know why I just watch a lot of stuff on YouTube. When I go home, I'll put the YouTube on and you know like your recommended stuff that'll all be like boxing. I've I've got a thing now for like you know interior design. from getting old.