Kind: captions Language: en Yeah, definitely fine for the family now for sure. Putting the Ben name back where it belongs. And Colin's going to come at him and play and I know that. [Music] [Applause] You know, it's unfortunate what is happening at this stage in my life with with him. Do you talk at all? No, we don't. I think people will be curious how long you've been arranged with that. I mean, I've said it twice now. I don't know what more. Well, you said years, but that could be two years or 10 years. A couple of years. Couple of years. Okay. I have upheld the family name. The Eubank name is still at the top. It's still relevant. Talk to me about 1990. You and Eubank. I thought you were going to talk about me rave days. No, I don't want to talk about that. Um, watching Connor and you Banks is like watching me and his father all over again. Chris just wind me up. Well, I'm not going to ask. Anyway, we're ain't going to say it. See you later. I I really do detest the guy. It's never whatsoever. He didn't have to do much. All he had to do was that and that was it. I just didn't like him and he thought he was better than me. It's all Yeah. Even a draw. Yes, it's a draw. We thought Wendell stole it, but although we weren't a bit surprised. I wished you were the third one, but I don't know why it never happened. Why it never happened. Do you know what? I was like the last one to know that he's fighting you. I thought to myself, um, I thought, "Wow, it's actually going to happen." Oh, smash his [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] head. Oh, yeah. The time is right, son. Do you know why I like having my dad here with me in camp? It's boxing royalty. Like, I look at my dad and he reminds me of what I'm capable of, whose son I am, what blood I have running in my veins, where my genes come from. There's nothing I'm more proud about than being my dad's son. Nigel, can you admit you're proud of me? Yeah, of course I'm proud of you. I'm really Say it. Yeah, of course you can. Just look. Can you look me in the eye and tell me you're proud of me? No, you keep looking everywhere else. Look me in the eyeball. Oh, we're done. Whatever. You still got a long way to go. Still wet behind the ears. No, I didn't. They obviously ran out the room as soon as I started waking up. I looked up my house. I didn't go to bed with the lights on. I was [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] fuming. I messaged everyone who [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] told the cleaners that I was sleeping. All I do in my head is I go, "Well, what if I have a bad seat on the night of the fight?" No piece of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Still turn up. That's That's what I do. I do these weird things. No, that's a good little way to sack as well though like hey no one's going to care about sleep tomorrow. But training is something I love. Hence why I train as hard as I do. I leave no stone unturned. So with a boxer building the complete athlete is not just about power. It's not just about endurance. It really is the full spectrum. He's got to have strength. He's got to have power. He's got to have capacity and ability to work through those 36 rounds and certainly in the championship rounds. All right, let's get moving and grooving, mate. Starting with the front foot elevated, we have to improve mobility, improve range of motion around specific joints. You know, if Connor wants to throw a hook, for example, and he's very immobile through the thoracic spine, and he can't actually get into a position to unload his hook, all of the strength and conditioning work we're doing to make him more explosive, make him more powerful, make him stronger, and make him hit harder, it's probably slightly redundant because he actually can't coil himself up to throw that shot. So, we have to mimic that. And that's in essence what the mobility protocol does. Nice. This is what Connor is all about. Every detail matters. He gets in, he gets it done, he gets the tunes on, we create the environment that's conducive to success, and he just rolls through it. Six, seven, eight. Good man. 60 seconds rest. So, this is a jump test. He's got a bit of gamification. We get some numbers using output. All of this data goes into another conversation. We don't just take it as literal. He's foot on the gas, a million miles an hour, 100% every single session. In three, two, one. But this is another data collection point. If for example his normal numbers were 55 cm and yet for the last 3 days he's producing 50 cm we know that that's a considerable deficit or 48 to 50 cm. Okay maybe that leads to another question but it will lead into how are you feeling? You know what's happened? How was your sleep last night? 3 2 1 that like it was massive ridiculous numbers progressing each and every session. He hit a PV the other day at 58.5 which is honestly wild. So yeah, we're in a good place. I love the strength and conditioning though. It's all about elite performance all around. You can see the change. I feel strong and I feel like I'm about to cause a lot of carnage. Do 40 seconds today. No rest. There's not many fighters that have actually achieved what we're trying to achieve here. Most welterweights fighting up at middle weight don't come out victorious. So what we're trying to achieve here is is a big task. But I believe they will come out victorious. If they swing one right over like that. So when you're moving like that, look, see what I mean? When you got that distance there, you can go car with the gloves. Been working on technique quite a while now cuz obviously we always knew this fight was going to eventually happen. Why didn't we film that? Cuz that's a deadly combo. That's why obviously this fight is a different fight mentally for him because there's a lot on the line with pride the sort of fights they had there was never that third fight and it's a blessing that the sons get to finish it off definitely fight for the family now for sure you know putting the Ben name back where it [Music] belongs when I train I just push myself. The sessions that look hard to you, the sessions that look hard to everybody else, I want to make it look as easy as I possibly can. I'm a savage. That's it. I'm not human. I think you can be better than me. All I got to do is see what he's going when he takes a proper whack. That's it. Did he stand up? Did he go forward? Cuz I know he's got the grip. Well, hopefully we don't find out anytime soon. Yeah, you got you got to find out. You you will find out and I and I and and I can't wait for you to find out because I think not from pillow fists over. No, no, no. You got to have no pillow fists, mate. You got to have a proper proper fight. Today is our biggest power day. People go, "Where does your confidence come from?" You could say confidence borderline delusional. That's what people say. Is it confidence or is he delusional? You keep cocking it. Oh, maybe I'm not reading this script. Yeah, boy. True story. N did a 24-hour flight Oz to the UK. Didn't sleep. Landed. I had a session with Connor at 9:00 a.m. He landed at what? 7:00 a.m. Yeah. Who was in the gym first? I'm [Music] see that's it. Thank you, Dan. Leave a mindset. Always got that discipline regardless. But I don't didn't sleep for 24 hours. Didn't have a 24-hour flight. Straight on the plane. I'm off straight into the gym.