Kind: captions Language: en Garcia, ladies and gentlemen. Let me hear it. One half of your main event is here. You had a great workout in there. Fight week is among us. How you feeling, big man? Feeling good, man. Uh, you know, just doing this last bit of weight cut. Other than that, feeling great. Yeah. Yeah. You you you came a few minutes late. Was that on purpose to show the world I am to start this event? I'm going to get here when I get here. Nah. No. I really was generally late. Uh, it is one of my problems I got in my life, but it's all good. Working on it. Yeah, we're working on it. All right. Listen, I don't know if you heard, but the crowd was booing Devin Haney. Oh, cuz we were trying to hardcore. Yeah. What was going on over there? You know, he likes to talk a lot. His dad. Uh, what did he say? Just, you know, talking [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Just talking [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] But as you see, you know, his his son never talked [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] which is crazy. You know, your dad and it seemed like it just fired you up more. That's what got his son [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up the first time. So, it is what it is. If he wants to do that again, we can run it. Right. So, how does it feel that crazy you're headlining here, you're headlining here fighting your opponent, but everybody really they don't want to see Romero. They're really booing Deon because of the of the problem between you two guys. How does it feel that really people are waiting for the next fight? I mean, just like uh you know, in NBA, you know who you're going to play next potentially. So, it's just like we just had Romeo on and I asked him, "Listen, at one point you were very disrespectful towards Ryan back in the day on social, but it seems like you you kind of like the guy now." And he said to us, he shot a date. He said, "June of 2021, that's when it all changed and I threw it all away." I said, "What are you talking about?" And he said, and he said, and he said, and I asked, "What does that mean?" Girlfriend that's obsessed with you. I have no idea. So, what does you don't know what he means? I don't know what the hell that means. Sometimes just be playing mind games. He knows it and I ain't over it. I said, "Well, I act fine." The thing Broly got is good at is making you pay attention to what he says. People say some crazy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And he's been doing that in the buildup all week this week. How are you handling some of the mind games? This is what you got to be used to it. You know, you got to be used to what Roelly does. This is what Roelly does. So, to me, I'm enjoying every moment of it. I think it's hilarious. I think it's great. But even you were surprised. Even you were surprised when he said, "I know you better than you know yourself." You was like, "What?" I wasn't laughing at you. I'm just laughing. And I'm just like, "This dude is funny as fuck." Like, I just I'm enjoying it. Wow. You asked the guy, "You sound like you're in love with me. Are you in love with me?" Like, crazy. Yeah. For all of the buildup and all the kind of the jokes we've gone through, there are moments where this gets serious and it's going to get serious on fight night. But you've told him straight up, I want to retire you. I don't want you to walk back in another ring. That's the mindset you're on. Talk to us about that. Well, I mean, you know, it happens a lot in my career. You know, I retired Luke Campbell, retired Javier Fortuna, pretty much about to retire his ass and uh be done with these dudes. You know, I just got whenever I get a feeling I'm going to retire somebody, I just know it. Like I know once I knock him out, he's done. Nice to see you back. How's he going to get another opportunity after I beat him? Derek James, you guys teamed up once again. You had nice things to say about him. Guys reunited. First time in the gym. Was it like you never left? Oh yeah, for sure. And you, you know, you see Derek, you know, with his style of miss, with his style of game, it's like all technique. He's not worried about flash, not worried about anything. And I think that's the perfect person for me cuz I got the speed, I got the power when I want to turn it on. And I think, you know, for our combination, I think it's like ying and yang. It's the perfect combination of of what I need. And uh, you know, it worked perfect. Right when we started again, it was like I never left. Okay. Well, today's Tuesday. I'm not going to ask you what you're going to do, but I'm saying, do you know what your ring walk is going to consist of by now? Oh, we're cooking right now. Me, Turkey, everybody, the whole team, we're cooking. Okay. It ain't going to be normalized yet. It ain't going to be normal. You want to have a lion. Maybe a lion. I'm thinking of maybe a parachute or bungee jumping or a zipline. Time Square. We'll see what happens. Speaking of Time Square, yeah, you've been in so many major fights, so many massive fights, but this is something completely different. How do you expect that moment to be in Time Square in front of New York City? It could be, you know, I I don't know how I mean, it's never happened before. Nobody's ever done it. So, I don't know how it's going to be. I may have a little idea. It's going to be like the last one, maybe. But I'm seeing like it's going to be a little bit of idea when I see the first guy fight on the right. Have you been down there to look at the ring yet? We saw it today. It looks amazing, man. And now we got the big screens all over. People going to be able to watch it. It's It's never happened in boxing. It's insane. It's about to be a movie. Speaking of movie, did you see the promo? And I obviously I was a part of it. I was a part of it. I was the finished product. Did you see that? Right here. And Oscar with the pizza. That was amazing. That thing right there. Was that fun making that? Honestly, that was uh really fun. It brings a new aspect of the game. You know, Turkeyy's making is not boring. You know, they're actual movies. We're so used to the same old things and now, you know, new things are coming. So, it's perfect. But obviously filming that, you had your own day. Devin Haney was nowhere near there. Oscar, none of these guys was around. Nobody You're not supposed to give that part up, Rock. They're supposed to been there face to face. That's what we want the people to know. Come on, man. But the promo was funny because you guys played into all of the controversy, right? So So and after watching it, did you laugh? You like, "Oh, they did their thing." Oh, yeah, for sure. I mean, everything uh came out great. You know, they have a great team because that that look like a movie show. Yeah, movie. We got to tell the fans that because if not then it looks like oh then you guys really don't dislike each other. Right. Right. There's some hatred there. Like that like that uh one GQ commercial they got they thought he thought he was there though. But that shit's funny though. That right there was hilarious. The last time Ryan give us your thoughts. Obviously don't give away fight stuff game plan. But you step in the ring you're looking over there. Rolley is dancing, doing whatever, pointing at you, blowing a kiss. You know he's he's a little crazy. Yeah. When the fight starts, the bell rings. What happens? I I look to take control of the fight right away. Uh you know, I think the key to this fight is controlling the aspect of the ring. I mean, that's the key. He's not a better boxer than me, but he is going to try to do things to make me feel very uncomfortable. So, I think controlling the ring, having ring generalship is my best friend when I get in the ring. People keep talking about, oh, Tfimo is going to steal a show or Devin Henny has a chip on his shoulder. He's going to beat Ramirez easily. Are you worried about anybody stealing a show? Are you confident enough to to say that on Friday I'm going to be the star? None of them could could keep up with me. So, at the end of the day, you know, I don't care what they do. You know, it's my show. At the end of the day, if they had their own show, they wouldn't be getting this type of hype. So, they should be thanking me cuz everything they're going to do that night is amplified because of me. So, we'll see what they do. There he is. One half of the main event for the WBA regular welterweight championship of the world, Ryan King. Ry Garcia. Folks, give it up one more time for Ryan. We appreciate Ryan being here, man. What a moment today has been, gentlemen. Oh, man. This open workout has been fantastic.