Kind: captions Language: en What do you think of George Lidard? Who? He knows exactly who I am. And if he doesn't, that's even scarier for him. The people that I've been put in front of him is there to make him look good. It's too soon for him. No one wants it like I want it, and I'm willing to sacrifice whatever it takes to win. October 17th, he's going to know who I am. I'm better than him in every single department. Stronger, faster, fitter, tougher. After beating George Lidard, we go again. I believe I'm the first man to stop Kieran Conway. [Laughter] [Applause] Some of you that that that follow with boxing, well, I've heard that this young man he's he's on a tremendous run at the moment, and he's going to go on to even bigger and better things. And we're delighted he's given up a few minutes of his time to come today. So, please welcome the current British and Commonwealth middleweight TITLE HOLDER, KIERAN CONWAY. IT'LL BE A VERY VERY good fight. The guy is young, hungry, but I've got it all to lose, so everything's on the line for me, and um I'm looking forward to put a good performance on. [Music] [Applause] Being one of the first from Northampton to win that British title, it means a big deal to me because I think it means a big deal to the town. You good? Yeah, you you you're right. Yeah, it's all love, man. You ready for the next one? &gt;&gt; Course, always. Always. See what we're going to do. You know how it is. One day in the future, I'll be a part of history. On May 17th, I felt like I'd finally done something that I set out to do right at the beginning of my career. Defending his Commonwealth ground and aiming for the British title. I took the moment in that I gave me a good feeling. I know I've got something else to do. I know that there's more to do. Oh, good body shot was a beautiful one, and Warburton felt that. He's in trouble, AND CONWAY WITH A BODY SHOT. HE NEARLY GOES DOWN, TRAPPED IN HIS CORNER, AND THE TOWEL'S GONE IN, AND KIERAN CONWAY IS THE BRITISH MIDDLEWEIGHT CHAMPION, FINALLY. Soon after, the hunger feeling came back. Anyone, anyone. I hear people saying my name a lot. &gt;&gt; The British title wasn't the end of the road for me. It was more like the beginning. I'm 29, and I also feel like I'm coming into my prime. And I'm really feeling like I'm sitting down on my punches more, gaining some strength, power, and and momentum in my career. I would say the the fight in Japan was a big one for me. In the fights leading up to it, I hadn't been getting too many stoppages. I needed to get the ball really rolling, and put a dominant display on, and that's one that I think I did. Lovely shot. Quality really coming from Conway. And that right hand certainly shook Iliasu. It's just the class for me of Conway, just letting Iliasu know I'm in charge. &gt;&gt; And that will do it. When you got the call to fight George Lidard in your first title defense, what were your first thoughts? I straight away just said yes. That's not a risk for me. This is a fight that I'd take. Why would I not? I kind of didn't think it was even going to happen, especially after my last performance, so dominant. I think the the general opinion is that it's too soon for him, and that's my belief as well. How we looking at this? All right, all good? Let's get it. Definitely one of Britain's top rising stars. Huge future ahead. I'm there. I'm ready. I've got the skill. That's the kind of performances that make people stand up and get you recognized. Technical, tactical work, just um you know, working with the man, Tony. Um I'm feeling in great shape. I'm ready to be honest for the start of camp. Um My weight's good. You know, I'm firing on all cylinders already, so you know, a good camp now, and you're going to see a new George Lidard October 17th. Honestly, I can't wait to put on a show for you. I'm George Lidard, 12 and 0, and on October 17th, I fight Kieran Conway for the British and Commonwealth titles. The first, you know, eight, nine, 10 fights, they went so quick because it was like my life was just camp, out of camp for a week or two, back in camp. The life went really quick. The last few fights last kind of slowed down a little bit, and I'm starting camp fresher than ever, do you know what I mean? I feel excited. Makes me ready to prepare even harder for this fight. I think the first real test for me was my fourth fight. Um when AJ's on the card, I boxed a tough Dutch guy called Bas Oosterweghel. First time I went to six rounds. I'd kind of been blowing everyone out before that very fast. You know, one of these guys, just the heart in him was a joke, like would not lay down. So, that was my first kind of time going the distance, and it it learned that, you know, not only can I knock people out, but I can box, too. And then the Asazi fight was one of them, you know, he came to win. Both fighters not looking to leave the pocket, and it's these sort of fights that really tell us more about these fighters, these upcoming prospects than we've ever seen. You've either got it or you haven't. Heart, desire, will to win. Both fighters setting a tremendous pace. It's who wants it more now. Who's got that That 10-round war. I proved to myself then that I can do 10 rounds at a very high pace, you know. When I got the call from Eddie, did I think it was too soon? Never. Not at one point did that cross my mind. It was like, you know, I've never been never shied away from a challenge, and I don't plan on it. As soon as I got the call for me, it's one of the best opportunities I could have. It was a no-brainer. You staying down here, Tony? Do you want to go up there? Yeah, yeah. It's roasting up there as well. It's like your call up there. People may think that the pressure is on me, the British Commonwealth champion, the bigger fighter, the more experienced fighter, the one that's done the most in their career so far. This pressure I welcome. That's the thing that drives me. It's what I need. I don't need fights that bring bring no emotion and no no energy before it. We all need to be real. The people that I've been put in front of him, they're there to get knocked out. They're not there to even give him a real test. They're there to make him look good. I think he's got more years of developing before he needed to take this sort of fights. Deep down, he kind of knows that he's coming up against a a bigger force than what he's trying to make out. George saying that he's better in every aspect compared to me. Let him think that. Experience isn't the key difference between me and George. I'm the better fighter. I'm the stronger fighter. I'm more explosive. He's emotionally just not ready for this sort of test. I've got all the attributes in my favor. I don't think that he's going to have been hit quite as hard as what I'm going to be hitting him. And when he does, that's going to play a big factor into one of the reasons why I do beat him. [Music] It's probably the only the last few fights that I've really, you know, had a little look at him and seen him as a potential future opponent. You know, I think the last few fights has really springboarded my career. You know, I had a great knockout win against George Davey, which I think after that everyone was a bit like, "Okay, this this kid's a real prospect." I feel like he's decent all round, if that makes sense. I don't feel like he's got anything that you think, "That's dangerous, or that's dangerous." But I just think I'm younger, I'm hungrier. I'm coming into my peak now. I feel like camp on camp, I'm getting stronger and stronger. No one wants it like I want it, and I'm willing to sacrifice whatever it takes to win. And I think that just gives me that confidence of I've done everything I can come fight night. I'm looking better and better every fight, you know. Now, 12 fights down the line, you know, I'm headlining a show for the British and Commonwealth. Like everyone goes on like he's very experienced. Yeah, he's had double the fights I've had. I don't think any of that matters, and yes, experience is good, but I've mixed around with some of the best in the world, you know. Some of my sparring partners are world-level fighters. Look at Spider. Pressure's on Kieran. I've got nothing to lose. I've got everything to gain. I put pressure on myself, but that's when I perform at my best. He's the one that keeps trying to, you know, not belittle me, but dismiss the fight, it's a step back, it's this, it's that. So, well, okay then, prove that. I leave absolutely nothing unturned. I don't have doubts going into the ring cuz I know I've done everything. I think it's all coming together now. And we get down to business. He can try to pretend that he doesn't know who I am. And if he doesn't, that's even scarier for him cuz October 17th, he's going to know I am. [Music] There's nothing that can save him then. I'm better than him in every single department. Stronger, faster, fitter, tougher. Be prepared to to put everything on the line for 12 rounds because I'm not here to play about. I feel like a freight train, there's no stopping me. I believe I'm the first man to stop Kieran Conway. He hasn't been stopped before, but he's not been in with someone like me. I'm strong, I'm fast, I'm accurate, I can punch, and October 17th we'll find out, and I do believe I'll be the first man to stop him. I truly believe I stop this guy. After beating Jules Lidard, we go again.