Kind: captions Language: en I will knock you back out. And then I went a WBC world title. I didn't. Did I get off him? Get off me. I think you know what it is. Yeah. Because he touched my son. So that's why I went for him and I'll do it again. I personally do hate him. I got a big point to prove to myself. I've got a massive chip on my shoulder. You're done. You're right with Wilson. You're done. I'm a savage. It's elite all the way through. And for me, if you need anyone to push you or or motivate you in training, you are in the wrong game. [Music] I'm with my kids all the time. One minute, baby. Oh, mommy's going to tell you off now. Which daddy wants track? You want this one? You want that one? Yeah. I'm heading to Morca to do my training camp. It was where I grew up. It was where I was raised. I can fully dial in. I want to miss my family, but I believe it gives you that edge, you know. I mean, it's a scenic drive. I drive from here to get the Euro Star. I drive from Calala to Leon, which I spend the night in Lyon. And then from Leon, I drive to Barcelona. And in Barcelona, I get the ferry. It's beautiful. I love driving. I feel like you're at one with your faults. It's probably the only time I like being on my own. If you could see my fork trout from the start of the drive to the end of the drive is Yeah. [Music] Dad's looked up taking a mate. Come on. Go on. Let's go. Put your back into it. N. Wow. These look grim. They are, mate. When I do my training, I'm all about making things harder for myself. It ain't no ain't no joke to me. Like, ain't it ain't all fun and games. You can't give in. You can't just wave your white flag. You can't just quit. And that's all the attitude has come from my dad. 39 quit. Feeling my ass. Pretty gruesome steps. Tony's going to be up there timing him. V for victory. Winston Churchill. He's got his previous times as well. It's quite leg heavy, quite lung heavy, but wait and see how Connor gets on. I'm sure he's going to dominate like he does with every workout. I live [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Demon time. Can't run me knees. So, champions are made. Sip. Sit. Connor is an incredibly explosive athlete and he's also someone who has a big engine. Steps are great. You're going to get huge lactate accumulation in the blood. The legs are going to feel pretty heavy, I think. And Connor is just such a savage. You saw the way he was just going up there, putting a lot of force into the ground, gets into that focus mode, gets it done. His ability to tolerate lactate in the blood. So in the latter parts of the fight, that's going to be really, you know, helpful for him and beneficial for him. Certainly when he drops low as well, he uses his legs quite a lot and then, you know, comes up with his shots. You know, it's grim where it takes you about 10 minutes to walk down. Oh man, to get up at half 4 in the morning, it's tough. Keep doing that. It's tough sitting in the ring. So to get up that early and get your work done when it's dark and there's no one up, it gives you a good mindset to get into your training, get into the fighting mode. Have mercy. You know what we could do? Time you to there and then do the last bit there. Look on the last. That's be hard. For what? for your amusement. You know, it's elite all the way through. And for me, if you need anyone to push you or or motivate you in training, you are in the wrong game. Because if you can't get up off your ass and get it yourself, no one's going to make you get it. And if you start relying on other people to give you that ambition or that drive or that desire, again, you're in the wrong sport. PBS all day. PBS for breakfast. Oh, I didn't think of that before. Saving the legs. I actually started getting up early in the morning when I bought my second house. I'm sure you heard the saying about getting out of bed in silk pajamas is harder. Well, you know, I just wanted to to go against the grain on that. And that was where the 5:00 a.m. 4:00 a.m. run started. Reality is, you ain't got to do the runs. Yeah. But you want to make everything as hard for you as you possibly can. I can run at 9:00 a.m. while the sun's out. I can train at 3:00 p.m., 400 p.m., 5:00 p.m. when it's when I can be bothered. It's about training when you don't can't be bothered and you don't want to train. The villa is unbelievable. It cost me an arm and a leg. Yeah, it is. Do you know what? I look after my team, man. I want us all to live it up a little bit. Do you know what I mean? You know, be in an environment that's nice. Um, we got to come here every day. Do you know what I mean? mate, welcome. People would rather spend the, you know, the six figures on, you know, bottles in a club after the fight. I'd rather spend six figures on me having the best team I possibly can to give me the best opportunity I can in order to be the best fighter I can be. Lynn's cooking is unrivaled, mate. The training is all I care about from SNC culture I've been with for years now. my chef from you know the extended team handling the legals commercials it's like a well machine so what you doing dad's got off this thing with food food all like love the food for himself so what we've done is we've hid all the food pretend that we've eaten all the food what scoffed all the food oh They're expecting one of these later. Fuming inside. [Applause] [Laughter] Oh, you made me hurt. Literally my favorite. Remembering the cameras were there. Oh, brilliant. So, everybody has their role the same way I do mine. I do my job every single time. 23 times out of 23 times I've done my job every time. I can't follow that. Yeah, that's good. What they do now, we never drink three liters of water the day. We never done that. We just have a lemon at night and that's it to make the weight in terms of total calories. So before we started camp in London, we did physiological profiling. We've got loads of data and we monitored his what we call RMR, resting metabolic rate. How many calories he burns at rest when he does absolutely nothing as you seen he does more than nothing each day. So we have that number. Uh we then have his total expenditure from the two sessions that he does plus some other things, thermic effects of food and we have a number and then we have to work out his nutrition strategy on the basis of that. Obviously stepping up two weight classes from 147 to 160. So if we're not nailing his nutrition and tracking all these metrics, then you know we're not going to be in an optimal position. So every day we're building the plan, engaging with the chef, and yeah, he's putting together some pretty cool recipes to ensure that we're at worst in maintenance, but a lot of the time we're in a a surplus, so he's not expending too energy, too much energy, and um losing too much scale weight. You can only train as hard as what you can recover from. So the magic happens. The sort of fires they had, there was never that third fire. And it's a blessing that the sons get to finish it off. Talk to me about 1990. I thought you were going to talk about me rave days. No, I don't want to talk about that. You seen how many coffees he drinks? Don't know. Does about 10 coffees a day, mate. So, we've like swapped the caches over to decaffeinated that he don't know. So, he's drinking the coffee, but they're decaf. Don't let him know. No, no, no. Cut. Decap. We might I think it kicking