Kind: captions Language: en Ste Ball's gym sparring day 10:00 a.m. first session of the day. So today is sparring day for Josh. Uh I have a couple of different uh sparring patterns in if you like. They can concentrate on boxing a lot more now. Uh and he's not stuck a lot doing solar panels. He's very dedicated anyway, you know, very disciplined. You're always in the gym obviously just coming at different hours, but now we're a little bit more flexible. Are we all good? Get the clock. All right, guys. On board, round one. Off we go. So, he's playing with Jimmy Joe. Hang with Ske who's a former national champion and Henry who's a former national champion as well. Good. Nice and keep poking that jab. Get in there. See, make sure you come out tight. ing down in there. Boom. Stab downstairs, but then going again with that second attack. Yeah. Good. Right. Let's go, boys. At the minute, just getting both sides of spine really south and orthodox. Obviously Josh has lost a couple of fights. He fought southpaw anyway. So, we're kind of geared up really for them. So, obviously full focus on Josh. I'm concentrating on Josh today. Obviously, the other boys just helping him prepare really time. Good work, boys. Well done. So, obviously it's it's a quick turnover this one. I gave him a week off after the Shak fight and then straight back into camp. Uh it's five weeks tomorrow till obviously the fight. So uh we're stepping up a little bit. Switching off time. Well, boys start. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hell. Eight rounds in the bank. Three different guys. All good. All in preparation. 19th of April. Get back to winning ways. Day in the life. Professional athlete finally. Let's go and get some food. Not quite had a chance to upgrade it yet. We're still uh we're still rolling around in the uh in the van with the steps in the back just in case they do need to do any work. But this is the this is the machine that got us to the world title fight. Uh and we're still rocking it. Get in the wagon. Let's go. So, this is the van that we went to the world title fight in. Um, we did have the ladders on the roof, but we've chuck took them off cuz I thought if we have to drive to airport last minute, we're not going to be able to park anywhere with ladders in roof. So, we've took them off. They're still in the back garden now in the same position from from the Stevenson fight. Um, and we didn't even have parking. We couldn't get parking anywhere. So, we just had to risk it and leave it in a hotel park car park. We're still waiting for the fine to come in from that one. I've worked in leads and stuff, but um the contract that I was on at the minute were um installing solar panels in Sheffield at Shia Green. I'd be coming out on my dinner break when we were working in Sheffield. Um so I'd go to work in the morning, sell lads and stuff off, come out at 10:00 to spar, do six, eight rounds, and then go back to work. Um, so I know now when I'm not having to do that, I'm going to be I'm going to be better and I'm going to get that next level. This is the house kitchen where we'll be preparing the next two meals. Got a following plan that's done by my nutritionist Charlie. There we are. And let's get cooking. This is the bolognese. I can either have it with pasta or potatoes. Sometimes when you're tired though after a session you think I've got to go and prepare all this now. Hey, turn on the kettle. Okay. Look at that. Right. But that is my purchase that I've made since my fourwheel tile fire. Nothing yet. No, no new car or anything. Still rocking the van. But I've got a fancy kettle that boils off at Alexa. Pasta bolognese, carrots, mushrooms. It's all right. A little bit of recovery. Um and then a big session later and push it again. So, not the most interesting life as a a full-time athlete. Session two, strength and conditioning. All right. Recovered? Yes. Been doing this for last last two camps now. Let's get it going. Little warm up while the man's over there. Right. Finish off a bit of car I reckon after last time. Too soon. Too soon. Three of that. See how I feel. Yeah. five. What we don't want to do when we building that strength is sort of lose that power output and that speed that he's got. So, we've kind of combined the two um throughout today's session. We're going to get we're going to go burpee box jumps. Yeah. What I want what I want you So, we're looking for that explosion. Try and clear box two. Three, two, one. Yeah. Right on. That is it. Yeah. Beautiful. Feel the rest. We'll go again. [Music] Yeah. One more. Don't stop. Don't stop. Three, two, one. Nice. Nice, lad. Like I say, I've never been dropped by a body shot before that. Eating three hand sandwiches in a school cake on Tuesday didn't help before a fight at a cafe. Second session done. Good session. Nearly died doing it, but um what we want. Five weeks out Saturday in a good position. Little bit more food and chill out. Ready for sprints in the morning. And that's my week wrapped up. Road to winning ways is back on. Get it. Legs aren't working properly after that one. [Music]