Kind: captions Language: en It's got pink earphones on. What's that all about? I feel like you're talking about a thing. Got pink earphones on. What's wrong with that? Real men wear pink. My little granddaughter wears them. She got a good taste. Okay. Got it. You did it. See, I got it. Look. Yesterday you talking to me as well about that dream of the Ferrari. Is that that motivation that no no that that that that really motivated you. Hold on. No, don't speak too soon. Obviously, I want that Ferrari. I want the nicer things in life, obviously, as we all do. But it's definitely shifted having kids because now it's a matter of I want to give them a good life. Give them the best life possible. People saying I'm silver spooned and people say I'm spoiled or is it not every parent's job to give their kid the best life they possibly can have? But I'm your dad, mate. I'm telling you, you don't know you do without me. But then Yeah, but then you are going to push him to be. You won't spoil him. No, that No, don't spoil him. But I want to give my kids no less than my parents gave me, which was an unbelievable childhood, which was an unbelievable upbringing. He's still young. He's still in his 20s. Wait till he get to his 40s. Please, Lord, let me just be around so I could just see him. Do you think in the 40s he's going to do? Oh my gosh. After his career, he's going he's going to cruise away. I just know him. I want my son to follow in them footsteps. Not necessarily in boxing. Just level up, raise your game, be elite across the board, anything you choose to do, but we'll give my kids the best life I possibly can. And that's why I do this. We're definitely going to up the intensity this week. We do 4minute rounds, I believe. We then go to 5m minute rounds and then we do 15minute rounds. Everything is about making training as hard as possible so that come fight night, there is nothing that we're not prepared for. When have you ever seen me blowing? You know, see most fighters blowing blowing out their ass after four rounds. You go, what sort of training you been doing? You know, my last two fights with a Rosco and Dobson. My fight with Rosco probably displayed the best boxing ability I've ever personally displayed in my opinion. A guy who's a lot bigger at a heavier weight and prove I can do 12 pace for the distance. Never done 12. First time I done 12 rounds, pissed it. People don't want to put some respect on it because they don't want to or they don't like me. But the reality is piss 12 rounds. No. Just go out. Step out. Okay. Tap in. I've just done that to you cuz I can't do it to Nigel no more. That's it. Behave yourself. No, it's just funny cuz you you love it. You love it. Getting bored of you, though. I've been bored of you since I was born. Connor Ben's a big disadvantage in this fight going up two weight divisions and Chris Eubank's a big middleweight as well. One thing you can't beat in life is age. Chris is 36 this year. That's what kind of marries it up to be a level pegging fight. It makes no difference to me what he does, what he thinks. I really could not care less because regardless I'm going to come out of there couple of hot skips in a big right hand to his temple. You can prepare for that. Sparring is the next best thing to actually fighting the stuff that we've been doing on the pads on the bag and what we've been talking about technically. We'll try all them things out in sparring and that's what sparring really is. I just feel that Denzel's style is very similar to Chris Eubank style. Great sparring stylewise for Connor Ben. I like getting in there completely fired up. I ain't warming up in there. People go, "Where does your confidence come from?" You can say confidence borderline delusional. That's what people say. Is it confidence or is he delusional? Yeah, boy. You see where my confidence comes from? Denzel's a phenomenal fighter. Sparing number one ranked WBO middleweight in the world. He's currently probably walking around a light heavy, two weights above mine and performing the way I'm performing. Heart rate's in the amber and green zone. That's what that is. I think once my son set about him and pace, I don't see it going past four rounds. I know I'm shocked when they've got you banked as the favorite mate. Blows my mind. Oh, maybe I I'm not reading this script. [Music] Thank you, coach. He's not even as physical as me and I'm not as physical, you know what I mean? I'm not a physical fight that I'm moving that but he's not not anymore anyway. You have to try and flick it and look pretty shot. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Smith. Even the second fight with Smith to be real. He ain't got nothing. No, I do the comparison. I think his tank's not there. You just go You're young. You beat you knock him out now. I ain't got a prof. I wish I had a profile. I'm so I'm so sorry. I have to take that off. That's cool, bro. I'd be happy there cuz I play the part. I'm here. You know what I mean? It just be your hand with that left. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He's not even like you can't David. His best when he was Brad relentless. Now he's trying to be a boxer and he can't react to that. Yeah, but he's slow. That Roy Johnson, he thinks he's quick. Yeah. Yeah, but he's not. He's not. You can see Con so far, he's mad intense and he's his aggression is crazy and he's mad explosive. I think the mistake people are making is that thinking he's too small. I think the pay advantage because where he's so small, he's making himself a smaller target cuz I know us if I miss and it slips over his head, he's coming back straight to the body. He's he's a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] good body puncher. So I kind of height, but his physicality, he's strong enough to to hang with you at at this stage of his career. I think he's he's more than qualified. I I think a big go. Stop hobbling. He's got the case. No, you're joking. [Music] Thank you. [Music] Oh no. Hey baby. Hey baby. Oh straight away. Oh princess. Happy birthday. Oh come give me cuddle. Oh, I missed you, baby. Oh, how was the plane? I think personally, I think the surprise was beautiful. It was the best surprise ever. Stop. It was It was a good surprise. I'm so happy that you got to be on her first birthday. Camp is hard. It's always hard. Easy saying that when we sitting here with sunshine behind us and birds birds singing, removing myself and my family in my comfort zone. But it's just one of them things that's got to be done. It's a sacrifice that has to be made. I am so tired. I can't even explain to you. Are you The last question I've got is about the joke you made earlier about him handering around and that Did I Did I make that joke? I remember making that joke. Did I make that joke? Yeah. No, I did. No, I was just like they all panded to you because they was like I don't even know that they were all like oh Connor and I was like guys grow some backbone. What do you mean? What do you mean? They know press button. No, but they all they all they all everybody has a job. They're all Camp Connor. I get it. But when I But when I get home, if you ain't cooking up as good as Glenn Oh my god. It's going to be an issue. Do you need me to start wrapping your hands as well then? Can't do it. Everybody has a job here. Getting the victory April 26. It was a joke. You're just going, "Hun, well, when you're rich enough, you can have we can have a full-time chef. We can have a full-time cleaner. I mean, that would be lovely. I wouldn't say no. Once I do Eubank in the first, we look into it. Thanks, babe. Why are we fist pumping like we're bros? It's not just been a now thing. It's been 10 years of hard work. It's been 10 years of sacrifice. It's been the leaving my family. It's been the early mornings. It's been the 5:00 a.m. runs. It has to be worth it. It has to be worth it. It has to pay off. It can't not pay off. Otherwise, I've just wasted all that time for what? Has to be worth it. Like, has [Music] to. I'm an old school funky house man back in the day. So, this don't rock my boat. Back in the 80s and the ' 90s. Yeah, we had it large. Kids today, mate.