Kind: captions Language: en Well, Richardson, congratulations. 6 months ago, you went down to Puerto Rico, won a title in what looked like the best performance of your career. You come back 6 months later in New York, and you put on a performance that looked even better. How did you feel about the way you fought tonight? Um, first, I just want to thank God, you know, before before anything. A few years ago, I think over four years ago, I was watching Tioimo and and George Hambosus go to battle in this war. and I was sitting somewhere along them stands and I said when I get my opportunity I would I would you know make the best of it and with the help of Eddie Hearn and Keith Connley they changed my life in two in a matter of two years uh the fight itself I've been telling the boxing m I'm the truth every everybody that know Richardson Hitchens if you don't know now you know I've been telling the boxing I was coming and they should have listened so now I'm here we knew the jab has been a part of your arsenal all throughout your career but it was the body work tonight that really seemed to get get the job done. How much was that a part of the game plan coming in? Uh I I watched George. I seen the fight with him and Deon Haney. I knew that uh he didn't Deon Haney didn't really take it inside and he was head hunting a lot when he did have him hurt. So I said, you know, I'm going to touch him with some short shots. And when when I did touch him with a short shot, I seen how he squinted and uh I smelled blood, but I just wanted to keep punishing him and and I went I told his dad, if you love your son, you'll stop the fight. So um he was tough. He was a true competitor, but I was just the better man tonight. You know, coming into this fight, I think a lot of people would have said, "Hey, Richardson can win a decision pretty easy." Like, will he step on the gas? Will he go for the knockout? Will he look to be spectacular? Was that on your mind tonight? Um, yeah. I knew that I had to, you know, get, you know, uh I had to go to some some some unsafe places to get to get uh you know, some good shots off. So, I put myself in harm's way, but I knew that I had good defense and I knew I could take a punch. He he caught me a couple good shots, but it didn't really hurt me. So, uh I just went for the for the kill. So, um I always knew I had in me, but the fights be so easy on the outside where I don't got to take a chance. But, you know, you know, now I'm getting more comfortable as a professional. I said, "All right, let's sit in here and dig and let me test my defense out." When you landed that body shot in the last round, did you know that was going to finish the fight? Um, no. I I want I wanted them to stop the fight. But, uh you know, I got him with the body shot and uh I followed up and it was all she wrote. You got your title still and I know you want bigger and better things in the 140 lb division. Couple of the title holders that are out there right now. Taffy Mal Lopez here watching this fight from ringside. What do you want to do next? Um, you know, like I said, I want to thank Eddie Hearn and Matthew and and in two years getting my uh career to the top. I'm going into uh I'm going into free agency now, so there's a lot of options and I want the big fights. Uh, you know, after my last fight, I called Tio Feimma out right away. Uh, you know, obviously he got other plans, so I don't know what's next, but I'm looking here at the camera. Deon Haney, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Let's fight. Deon Haney next. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Deon Haney and Bill Haney. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] New York, stand up, baby. We here, baby. Congratulations, Richardson. Tremendous performance. George, we'll come over. Get feel more negative. George Cambosas, I got rid of the job. He couldn't get done. Uh, didn't go your way tonight, George. What went wrong for you in the ring? Hey, look, look at the talent. I fought them all, man. You got Tia here. You got Hitchens. He's calling out Haney. We'll probably try to call out Lachenko, too, man. I fought them more, man. I'm I'm a warrior. He's a hell of a fighter. They're all They're all great fighters. And you know what? Like I've been saying, yeah, I chase greatness, man. I really believed in myself, but just didn't have didn't have that that time. He's little bit too good for me tonight. So, um, hey, he hit me with a beautiful body shop. I still got up at 10, 910, but the ref's got to do his job. And, um, like I said, look at the ring in here. You got champions in here and I fight them all, man. So, the boxing world, they're going to talk a little bit now, but um, I hope you guys, you know, appreciate the warrior that that I am and I fight the best. So, it is what it is. You knew you'd have to get inside that jab of pitches. You had trouble doing it for most of the night. Why couldn't you get inside that one punch? Just the timing, man. I've had uh maybe too many wars now. So, I just couldn't get that timing right. Couldn't get the uh the movement right a couple times. Got in there. I clipped him a couple times. I thought I caught him nicely a couple times, but um it is what it is. You know, like I said, I'm a warrior. And uh let's see if all the boys fight each other. You're going to get wins, losses, draws. Who gives a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] man? This is boxing. Fight the best. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the cherries. You've always fought the best, George. As you move your career forward, where do you go next? Uh look, man, I I don't know right now. I've had two fights in like uh three months time, you know, two two um you know, solid guys and I've been fighting the best. So, right now I'm going to go coach my my son's footy team. That's what I want to do. And obviously, it is what it is. All right. Appreciate it, George. Thank you to the boxing world. You know, I always love you guys and um look, we'll go back to the drawing board, but all the best to to Richie and and his team and what they do next. Look, man, I chased it. I really believe that, but uh it's still good for me today. And obviously T as well, you know, they're all champions, man. I'm still 2-1 here in in MSG. So, God bless everyone and uh New York, I love you guys. Thank you. All right, Eddie Hearn, we'll turn to you JFimo, while you're hanging out here as well. Eddie, let's start your uh Richardson's performance tonight. Yeah, great performance, you know, and George is a warrior, but that's what you needed from Richie to come out, step on the gas after the domination. Sometimes he would let that just coast to 12 rounds. Came out, dominated, great performance. That is a statement he needed to mix with these guys, you know. Great atmosphere tonight. Great performance from a great young American champion. Time for him to get the big fights. Tapimo, uh, everybody's wondering what you're going to do next. Is a unification fight with Richardson Hitchens. Something you'd consider. Hey, I just want to say, uh, you know, shout out, thank God. Actually, thank God for making this possible for everybody. Uh, yeah, absolutely. What round was it that he stopped? Eight, maybe. All right. Infinite. Yeah. So, yeah, absolutely. Unification. Here we go. Is that the fight you want? Is that something we've been hearing about you? Futennes, Devin Haney. Is Richardson Hitchens the fight that you want to do next? I don't know. Let me hear New York. Y'all want to see that fight? All right, man. I'm all about the people. Let's go, baby. Thank appreciate it. T Eddie, last word to you. Uh Richard did say he's a free agent. I know you want to keep working with him, doing big fights with him. What's the big fight out there you think is there for Richardson Higgins? I think this man, I mean, you heard him talk about Devin Haney. You know, we had a great run with Tio. We're talking with Keith about where we go from here and moving forward. It's time for him to land a big fight now. Appreciate it, Daddy.