Kind: captions Language: en What are you thinking? Sizing me up. Yeah. [Music] Yeah. You Yeah, I'm good, man. I'm good. Franco, boss, you're on. I now what you doing? Uh, we're here for the match rebrand. They're going to put a mic. You got two earphones. Damn. [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] One of our new strap lines is ordinary people, extraordinary talent. Inside the ring, you excel very much as a boxer, but what do you do as a hidden talent that we might not know about yet? I can do the belly wave. I'm not a bad cook. My hidden talent is talking at length about the Warsaw uprising and how the Polish underground army were let down by the Soviet Union and that was the actual start of the Cold War. Not 1945, not the Yorkshire conference, not all the conferences took place. Warsaw uprising was the start of the cold war. So I love talking at length about the Warsaw uprising. That's my talent. [Music] What you thinking? Sizing me up. Yeah, trying to debut on Saturday. Yeah, I know it, man. I know. You're going to be the next J. Leave me. No pressure. You're going to like stop doing that. You're going to be better than me, bro. 18 as well. 18 years old. Yeah. That's when I started boxing. Why did you start boxing? In and out the gym around 10, 11, just messing about, but properly in at 12. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's when I'm my first fight at 12. Your parents keep you focused. Uh they didn't really want me boxing. Like they wanted me in school and stuff, but I think my mom kind of like just knew that it was going to be for me like school and stuff. So then I stuck out here with boxing proper grinded and they spotted me through that. Bro, take it. Do you know what? Yeah. Goes quick, you know. Time never stops. So what I mean by that is put the work in. Therefore, cuz before you know it, you know, your career, you're going to be looking back saying, "Where the years gone?" Before you know it, you're 36. I'm not facing 35. But I'm I'm fresh. But like looking back, you can't buy that experience. Yeah. Just like how serious how serious you about the game. That's all it is. Like watch it, study it, train, eat, dream it. pictures, shadow box, think it all. Do you look back now when you when you started and you were debuting? Well, just like I was fun with it. It wasn't We weren't thinking it was just going to people out. Yeah. Just have fun with it. But I know I know what my plan was. I had a plan from day one. You know what I'm saying? I had a plan from day one. But nothing beats winning in this game. Not winning at all costs. Go in there. Train hard. Had that killer instinct. knock you back. That's what it's about. That's what pushes you. Yeah. Yeah. People going to love you. You go in there, knock people out, people going to love you. That's it. Yeah. Coming back. N don't do that. That's all that you got scared when you do that. Let them know that no matter what you throw, I'm going to be here. You know, it's exciting. Yeah. Sick. I wasn't. You got years like you got 15 years ahead of you, man. I was thinking 18. You can have a 20 year pro career if you want. I want to be in it a long time. Yeah, you can. I want to be remembered. Get some pictures. We can get pictures here. The four of you. [Music] A really special thing happening right now. Of course, the main man himself, the chairman of a mantra school, Mr. Andy Hearn is here. But we got more guests. So when you go up, they're just going to talk to you about your career starts on Saturday. How you feeling? Excited to go. Just like very chill. Be like one minute. Yeah. Easy. Master, [Applause] Mr. Anthony Joshua. Lastly, the future of British heavyweight boxing, Leo attack. [Applause] All I'm saying is David de Man is Albert job by the time I finish this. Those intros were on fire. Now Eddie, I'm going to come straight to you. This is for us just the beginning of a new look tomorrow in 15 different cities around the world. in Kazakhstan, in London, in Times Square, in New York, in Japan, in Mexico. We will have global campaigns for all our fighters. Boxing's redot and we're doubling down. We're putting our flag in the sand. We're saying we're the only global promotional company in the world and it's time for a new logo, a new look. And how amazing to have three people that have been so instrumental, two and well, three eventually down the end. But you know back in when you said 1987, my dad's first ever fight was promoting Frank Bruno against Joe Booker at White Heart Lane. Frank started his journey for matching boxing, the man in the middle who's become, you know, not just the face of British boxing, but also a massive part of our business and part of the family as far as we're concerned in Anthony Joshua, who I'm not sure you'll ever see another one of. And I know that we give the hype of the next Anthony Joshua, but this is the next Leo a tank on the end. 18 years of age. Yes. World under 19. And this Saturday in Manchester, the professional journey starts. So, we thought we'd give you a real lowkey. So, good luck, Manchester on Saturday. But tonight, this is just a welcome. A lot of our great fighters here as well. I think it looks really, really good. I've seen so many people trying to change and adapt the logo. 10. Nine times out of 10, he's pony. This time, they did it. It looks fantastic. Looks good. Hey Jay, you're here. You made it, sir. Are we getting exclusive? Is there anything happening? What What's it looking like by the end of the year? Are we going to see you out fighting to me? Are you Are we going to see you fight? No. Are we going to see you fight? No. No. I'm old enough to be your friend. So, for me, yeah, that's what I do. This is my life. But what I done, I took a year out. First time in in about 12 to 13 years as a professional, not even including the amateur stuff, but took a year out. Get my body right, you know. Leo, next generation, when you hear stuff like any say, the next day a day, do you consider it pressure? Is it a privilege? Like say obviously it's an honor to be compared to like your childhood heroes and stuff and it is a lot of pressure, but I also believe that like there's a reason they put the pressure on me and I'm able to prove that to everyone. And tonight is just a small celebration to say it's flag time. We are number one. We're the only global promotional company in the world and we're ready to diver. That's what we love to hear. Guys, one more time any home and enjoy the rest of your evening and keep watching. See you soon.