Kind: captions Language: en Eddie, great energy from both Xander and Booch yesterday at press confers, wasn't it? Um, you had the best seat for it. What did you make of what you what you heard and what you saw? &gt;&gt; I loved it. Two guys in their prime, two guys full of confidence, two guys never to suffer a defeat. They believe they can win and and that's when you're going to get a great fight. You know, sometimes in boxing you get two guys that kind of have done it all, experienced it all, kind of made all their money and but here you have some something different. You have two undefeated guys in their absolute prime who haven't yet experienced a mega fight yet and now they're going to descend on what will be a soldout Barkley Center. Puerto Rico, Philadelphia, New York and just a wild occasion for two of the very best young stars in the sport and the fact that they're putting it on the line against each other. We should be very grateful. &gt;&gt; You said yesterday that you were still surprised that Xander took that fight. How's that gonna feel on June 27th when you realize that he's been off more than he can chew? &gt;&gt; Well, look, you have to respect him for taking the fight anyway. Worries me a little bit because I'm like, how are you and your team taking this fight and and they're taking it because of how good Xander is, but he is so young and you can only respect what he's doing. Like he's already won a world championship. He's unified in his next fight. Now he's fighting Bootsenis. I mean, as a defense. So like that that's scary in itself the fact that this young man has that kind of confidence to take on this challenge but I just feel like Boots is different. I think he's a pound-for-pound number one in the waiting but to do that you need fights like this. You need resumes that get built over time and you know he's done it at 147. He's been the lineal champ. He's unified the division. He's fought the best in the division. Now he wants to become undisputed at at 154 and tough fights, tough tasks ahead. And it all starts June 27th. &gt;&gt; You said it a minute ago, Puerto Rico versus Philadelphia at the Barclay Center. And when I think when you think back to all the fights we've done in the US, doesn't really get much bigger in terms of mega fights, does it than doing it at Barclays? &gt;&gt; No. And again, like we we've had some massive fights in the US. We've had Canelo, Billy Joe Saunders, 77,000. We've had AJ Ruiz, we've had Taylor Serrano, we've had Golovkin Canelo. I mean, we we've done it all. But this is this is different, like I said, because of the stage that these guys are at. Because this is the both of them. their breakout fight on the big stage, young, dangerous, entertaining, fearless, all of the things that we want. And when you throw in that mix of fans, you're going to get thousands coming from Philadelphia for this fight. When we do boots against an unknown, we do 15,000 at Wells Fargo, plus Xander's a big star, you know, not just for his achievements, but the Bad Bunny stuff at Super Bowl and all that kind of stuff. And the Puerto Rican fans are wild. It's going to be an electric atmosphere. And it will be an electric fight as well. And &gt;&gt; I think also that time of year the World Cup's going to be on. I think England are playing on the 27th. I'm not sure that either guys be watching that day, but in terms of a buzz around the city, that's going to be some buzz, isn't it? Just &gt;&gt; generally. And also remember this as well on the 25th and the 26th of June, we have the US Masters darts at Madison Square Garden. On the 27th, England are playing. And also that evening, we have boots against Zas at the Barkley Center. Throw in the week's festivities. is throwing the fight day 5K. England fans, make sure Well, the darts is pretty much sold out now. I think the Thursday you might be able to get a couple of tickets, but come to the darts. Come to the big fight. Get ready for the fight. Day 5K, a wild weekend for all sports fans, but particularly those who will ascend on New York. &gt;&gt; I sold the whole package there. I think um just going back to the fight itself, I think you thanked Jeron in the fight announcement post for being patient. How frustrating has ever have a period has it been to try and get that mega fight for him? &gt;&gt; No, the pressure was on like just after the Chidasian fight. The pressure was on for us to deliver the big unification. We did it. Um you know he fought Stanis. That was the the perfect fight. Then we moved to 54. He wants that first fight just to check himself at the weight. We do Lemur and then he says to me, "Right, anyone get me a big fight." Okay. We go through the whole process with Ortiz. Listen, Ortiz wanted the fight. It couldn't get made. It is what it is. But when that slips away, it's like, okay, we got Josh Kelly. He's just won the world title. You got Fondora. Got some talks about Charlo. Zas was the one that really was the big fight. Moving straight into a world championship shot. Moving straight in the opportunity to become unified as well. We got to pull this off. And listen, thank you to Don. Thank you to Top Rank and thank you to Xander for for giving us this opportunity. Um, and when it was signed, I couldn't believe it. You know, I phone boot straight away and I was just like, I can't believe it. We got it. And you know, it's it's a big feeling because it doesn't matter how great you are as a fighter. If you don't get the opportunities to show your greatness, it's all a waste of time and this is it. We've given it to Boots now go and shine. &gt;&gt; We heard from Todd up there yesterday as well who says this wasn't the direction he wanted Sander in this fight as well. So how much credit does he deserve kind of taking this fight as he &gt;&gt; massive credit because it's not like when you've got a star like Xander Zayas you don't need to gamble yet in my opinion but if you if you're a true great I mean it feels a little bit like Mayweather Canelo you know the same kind of moment where you've got a guy with supreme skills and ability like Mayweather or Boops and you've got this young superstar coming through that wants to test himself I mean that fight really made Canelo Alvarez and I'm not saying that Zas is looking at it saying Even if I lose, I'm going to, you know, get all the credit. They think they can win. But, you know, is it is it a step too soon or is this kid Xanderas just a ch a true generational great and and can mix it at this level? We're going to find out. &gt;&gt; If Geron turns this into the sort of performance that, you know, makes him unified at 154 immediately after being unified at 147, where does this position him genuinely in? &gt;&gt; Well, it puts him straight into the top 10 pound for pound. I mean abilitywise I talk about him being potentially an exound for pound number one. I mean look at some of the stars and talent that we have in the match room stable. I mean you got Dmitri Bivol he's top five pound for pound. You've got B Rodriguez he's top five pound for pound and I think after this fight there'll be an argument that Bennis could go into the top five pound for pound but you need to build the resume. So there's a difference between having poundfor-pound quality and a poundfor-pound resume. So I'm convinced that the fights that Boots is going to be in will give him an opportunity to become number one pound-for-pound. But you know, if Bivol fights Ben Avd and wins, if Bam goes through and becomes undisputed and moves up and fights in new way, he could be pound-for-pound number one. So we're very lucky with just the most incredible stable. But Boot Boots has it all. &gt;&gt; And you did mention undisputed at the press yesterday. Does that mean the Virgil Ortiz ship has completely sailed by now or is that still part? &gt;&gt; No, look, the Virgil Ortiz is the incredible fighter. like the the Boots Ortiz fight will happen and it's it's a massive fight. Um but the one thing that the Ortiz fight didn't have was belts. This fight gives us the belts, two belts. What we want to see happen at the moment, which we're talking to Louis Cubis and PBC about, is let's make Fendor against Josh Kelly. The winner of June 27th can fight the winner of Fendor Kelly. You have an undisputed champion just like that. And that's what we need in every weight class. The belts matter, the unifications matter, the undisputed is always every fighter's dream and we can make it happen in this division. &gt;&gt; And just on that as well, so on the fight itself, one man whose plans to feature on the undercard is Ben Whitaker. He's just been obviously elevated to the main event on April April 18th. Is that still the plan for Ben to box twice in quick? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean Ben has a pivotal couple of months coming up. I mean firstly next week he fights Suarez in Liverpool. This is a tough dangerous fight. A lot of people messaging me, reaching out from the media saying, "I saw his fight with Lionafa. This guy's a huge puncher. He got like 98% knockout ratio. Come through that, you will see Ben Whitaker fighting on the boot zas card at the Barkley Center, the US debut in a big fight. Then come through that, we're going to headline in a big fight back in Birmingham, probably August, September, something like that. This is a massive, massive five or six months coming up for Ben Whitaker. little bit slow waiting for that US debut, but now locked in with a lot of activity leading to what I believe is a shot at a world championship. You know, you see a lot of people throw him in with morale. It's like what on two weeks notice when he's had a four or five week camp. We're we're just fine with Ben. Ben's a superstar. Ben's a world champion in waiting, but we got to give him the experience that's needed. He's never done a 12 rounder yet. Let him go out there and learn in a quick time and he'll be ready. He'll be ready for everybody at 175. But first stop Liverpool next week. Next stop Barkley Center. Then headlining a big UK fight. Then we can start talking about those elite world level guys. &gt;&gt; June 27th sees Top Rank and Matroom working together again. I think if we're to believe the rumor mill, there's a few more fights on the on the on the horizon for these guys. So Foster versus Ford, Mason Cordina, they've been highly touted. Anything you can shed on those? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean look look at the year we've had with Top Rank so far. you know, Muritar against Cruz, Nunez Navarete, we lost both of those. Boots against Zas will get one back there. And then, you know, Mike Copinger kindly announced two fights that are 100% not done or not signed, but we are in deep discussions, particularly about Oshaki Foster against Ray Ford. That's a fight that's been talked about for a while. We are trying to finalize that fight and trying to get it over the line and signed. It's not yet, but I think there's a very good chance of that one. and Abdullah Mason against Joe Cordina which I think is just one of the best fights in the division. There's a bit more work to do on that one than than Foster Ford, but in active discussions and and you know this whole platform bringing promoters together, those conversations are fluid with everybody. You know, if we end up making Joe Cordina against Abdul Mason and Foster against Ford in the first six months of the year, we would have made Murataya Cruz, Nunez Navarete, Boots against Zas, Foster Ford, and Cordina against Mason. that that shows you the progression that we're moving in with the zone and with boxing. It's in a wonderful place right now and our guys are getting incredible opportunities to win belts, make money and achieve legacy. And I love Oshaki against Ray. I mean, that's got plenty of beef. It's a brilliant fight. And by the way, I know everybody's hot on Abdullah Mason right now. And by the way, he's a tremendous young talent. Joe Cordina can win that fight and I believe he'll beat it. Just moving back a little bit to April 18th, just a word on Callum Smith. Obviously, very unfortunate injury. Is that Morell fight something we're looking to likely get rescheduled or is it? &gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. I mean, it's whenever you get news like that, it's devastating. I mean, I you know, spoke to Morel's team. Oh, we were flying tomorrow. This doesn't make sense. I'm really sorry. Like, Callum has a a significant injury. Whenever this happens, it's a disaster for the show. I mean, it's a disaster for Callum. It's a disaster for Morell. It's a disaster for the zone. It's a disaster for us financially. You know, you got to then offer refunds to everybody and you're really put into a situation where the easy thing to do is pull the show, right? You lose some costs, but you don't have to, you know, spend your TV money. Obviously, there's going to be a smaller crowd in there than anticipated. Let's just let's just scrap this one, guys. Then you look at your responsibility that you have to the fighters that you represent. the ones that have trained for 8, 10, 12 weeks. We all know boxing is a sport and a business and a game where you only get paid when you fight. And we looked at as a team and said, "No, we must keep this show alive." Ben Whitick is one of the biggest stars in the sport. That's a great fight against Suarez. He's going to headline. Molly McCann's done nearly a thousand tickets. You got Jamie Webster singing him out and doing a live performance as well. You know, you got the McGraels. You've got Leo Attang, the future of the heavyweight division. You got Steve Clark sold a load of tickets. I mean, the list goes on. So, the answer is we front it up and we do the show. It's a great show. It is what it is. You take your wounds, but for Callum Smith, he now has to get fit again and go again. And and you know, he's been out for over a year. It was a real hammer blow for him. But he's still WBO interim world champion. We expect that fight with Morell to get remade and and a great fight for what will be the early part of the second half of 2026. one man who is back in the ring this weekend, Tyson Fury against Matt Mudov. Should he come through? We're going to ask that question again. How close were we fighting Joshua? &gt;&gt; Look, we're we're in active negotiations now with with Turkey Shake and Dr. Rakhan and Cellah. We had the fight virtually agreed before you know the terrible accident and you know we've had to obviously jig timings around and but the same conversations are being closed off right we plan to fight in July then we want to fight Tyson Fury and I said yesterday we'll fight Deontay Wilder in July let's do Wilder and Fury right now I've never seen AJ so fired up for fights like it it's just a shift in mindset where you know the training camp with Usyk, everything that's happened, he is ready to go. I mean, so much so he went last week to support Jazora. He's going on Saturday to watch Tyson Fury. This is very unJike. Normally just I watch it on a sofa, let these guys do their work. He's actively chasing these fights. So if his excellency wants to make the Wilder fight and Fury, we'll do that. If they want to do another fight against someone and then fight Fury, we can look to do that. Nothing agreed yet, but it's closing in. And um you know, it's going to be very interesting to see how Tyson Fury looks this weekend. &gt;&gt; And when you think about that as well, they're kind of two fights that have for one reason or another evaded AJ throughout his career. And they're within touching distance now, aren't they? &gt;&gt; Yeah. And and by the way, right now, you know, probably the most thrilling and exciting they can be because of the jeopardy involved. Everybody there is one fight away from the end of their career. &gt;&gt; And just on AJ, sorry. And just on AJ as well, um you went to v visit him in Spain with the camp obviously with with uh with Alexander Usyk. Can you give an insight into what that experience was like because um &gt;&gt; just incredible. I mean what what it actually shows you is that the company that you keep in life and the circles that you operate in will elevate you to new levels. And I'm watching AJ in this camp and bear in mind I've watched him in camp for 15 years. Like this is just a whole another level. And then you start thinking about why does Usyk after 8 n 10 rounds just come on stronger? Like when he fought Joshua in the second fight, I thought at the end of the ninth round we had him. I've never seen a performance like 10, 11, 12 of that fight where this guy just flicks a switch and just steps it up to and that is because of the preparation. He has a god-given talent, but what they also have is just this incredible team of the way they train, you know, the intensity they train at, the smartness that they train at. AJ's put himself in that environment to improve and he's in a brilliant place right now. &gt;&gt; Also, just talking about the Fury card again, our man Justice Honey goes up against Fraser Clark. Where does Justice fit into the heavyweight pitcher at the minute? This is of course his first fight since Fab Wardley. &gt;&gt; I think Justice is in a great place for this fight. You have to remember on the Wardley fight, he had like four weeks notice. And by the way, he was on his way to winning that fight till Fabio, you know, did incredible and pulled out the unthinkable. So, this is a a really good tough fight. You know, Fraser's got a point to prove because if he gets beat, he's done as well in the sport. And for Justice, a win is going to take him onto the big heavyweight fights. We can't afford to lose this fight. We've got big plans with him and Mick and everybody in Australia. So, um, must win on Saturday and a really good fight. &gt;&gt; And with that Australia mix as well, Tam Moana, would that be someone you probably win this? &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's a huge fight down the line. I mean, Justice Honey right now is looking at the the big names for world championships in the division. Terry Moana is is the future if you like but they're both young. I mean Terry Moana right now 10 wins 10 knockouts but he's a long way away from the level that Justice is fighting at. So but one day that could be a big stadium fight in Australia. &gt;&gt; Just final one from us. So uh a few chess pieces were moved in women's boxing over the weekends. Ellie Scottney Sky Dubo and we've also seen you tease Katy Taylor's fight. Any more developments on any of these? &gt;&gt; Yeah I mean great time for women's boxing. MVP are doing amazing. you know, we're actively talking to them about, you know, our stable of female fighters, their stable of female fighters, and, you know, they came on about potentially the winner of Holly Holm against Stephanie Han against Katie Taylor. Obviously, they got a lot of potential opponents. Um, Ellie Scotney was incredible in that fight to become undisputed. Sky Nicholson is now her mandatory. I I think Ellie will move up in weight, but we hope not and we hope we can make that fight. It's going to be ordered very soon. Um, Elliff Turhan, who is the, you know, the real bogeywoman of of boxing in my opinion. I said, make the make the Carolina B fight. I It's one of the best fights in the sport. You want to unify the division. It's there. We'll make it in 10 seconds. So, hopefully they take a challenge like that. Obviously, Shannon Ryan's got a big fight coming up. Sandy Ryan's just won a world title as well. Beatric Ferrer's coming back. Tier eight's looking, you know, phenomenal in her development as well. So, like women's boxing's on fire right now. We're very committed towards it. Um, as I said to those guys, we don't rule out, you know, the crossover and and making the great fight for in his boxing. And I'll be in Ireland next week to uh start looking at bigger plans for Katy Taylor. What way to end? Thanks, honey. Thanks for your time.