Kind: captions Language: en So today we step inside the world of Jake Lee, a rising one championship fighter who's redefining limits. Born without part of an arm, but he's built different. Today we're going to be spending the day with him to see how he lives, trains, fights, and inspires with no excuses. I can't remember exactly the reaction of people around me or or my coach, but I do know that my first ever coach, he was pivotal in my career, and I still think about the way he just allowed me to adapt things and he never put me in a box. He really showed me that, you know, anything's possible. Do you ever feel like you have to prove people wrong or do you feel like it's all about proving yourself? As far as the doubters, I just do my thing. It doesn't bother me. It's in one ear out the other. When I was younger, probably in my teen years, that stuff would have bothered me and, you know, did bother me. But I've matured a lot. How much of your style did you have to invent for yourself? All of it. It has to it has to be super unique. The range, the timing, distance management. I've watched like various athletes that I I admire and look up to and uh you know I I take bits from everyone. Man, Jake has just did an hour of pad hitting and uh he's got a really really busy day, but he's still generous enough to hold some pads for me and give me some tips. Yes. Catch roll. Two rolling slow roll. It makes you think he needs to work. Hey, the pressure the pressure. Just keep calling it. Keep going. I don't give you space. Because in a fight, you got to learn in the fight. You got to make adjustments. It's stressful. It's stressful. It's stressful. This what that's what I'm trying to create. Not all the time. But right now, I'm about to break Jeff Chad. Hold up. Give me a hook. Hook. Catch. Relax. Relax. Relax. Six. Two. Six. What's six? Six. Six. Six. The accent. The accent. Yeah. And you stir the pot for power to keep the same like uh knuckles involved. You stir a pot. You don't need to skip the dishes out here. Stir the pot. Yeah. Stir the pot cuz it maintain a certain degree of power. Yeah. Jess a chef. You know how people can go if they double up the left hook and they start flicking the wrist. But this keeps the wrist engaged. Cool. Because everyone has like very unique pad holding. Got hold differently. my culture differently, who you hold differently, and I'm getting a bit out of everybody. Props to you for being able to, you know, switch between. It shows you're wellrounded and good foundations because to go from, you know, my pad work to someone else's to more traditional type is very is very different. And like that's the first 3 minutes we've worked together. Yes. Hook out kick. Yeah. Toes stab with the right. Yeah. Still bit of an angle to it. Oh, there you go. Oh my god. Oh, there you go. So, uh, what's on the menu for strength and conditioning? Going to do a bunch of metric stuff today. Cool. A little bit of weight loading, but a lot of it's biometrics. Boom. Let's do it. Let's do it. Naturally, I can do most pushing, even if I balance like a plate on my arm. But weights wise, for weight training, I don't have anything to grab on on this side to pull to work back here, which is very important. Now, with this, I can do deadlifts, I can do rows, I can do pull-ups, I even attach this to dumbbells, and I do chest press lying down. That's good textbook. Four. Thanks. What is one thing that most people find surprising about you? I don't know. You'd have to ask them. Oh, no. You know what's the biggest surprise is they think that side's open. For years, I had a $100 cash if anyone could drop me in prospering to the body. You know, I tell people all the time, whether I spar with pro boxers or pro my thie, whatever it is, it's free game. Everyone knows it. And I've trained with some of the best in the world. South Wars Orthodox, you know, they see my right side open and they're trying to go for it, but it doesn't work for you. Go, go, go. Yeah. So, Jake's just teaching the noon class. I'm going to save my energy for later, but this just shows Jake's work ethic. He's been here since 6:45 a.m. Taught a private, hit pads for an hour, held pads, did strength and conditioning. Now he's teaching a noon class and it's not even half of the day yet. Well, I fight for my family. It's a way to provide. You know, I've made it to a point where I've made a career out of it. Um, and I'm providing for my wife and kids. Another reason would be, you know, I get to spend more time with my family because I can free myself up. I'm not tied to a 9 to5. But ultimately, I fight because I feel like I've been gifted by God with a particular skill set, a unique skill set, very unique because of my arm and what I'm able to do. So, if I didn't use these skills, I feel like it would be a waste waste of talent that God's given me. So, I feel like I owe it to God to use my skills to glorify him. Yeah. All right. So, uh, back to the gym. Back to the gym. Let's go. Let's go. D and Dash. Quick. No, I'm just kidding. For the secret menu, some Asian cuisine. You've heard about Jackie Chan, but do you know about Jeff Chan? But I was too far. It was a little too far. And then Jake was staying a little bit too far away. So yeah, here you land here. Here he bumped me. I you crashed into him. That would be even better for me. That was good cuz that was really close. That was actually a little shot with the shank on the That was good. That was good sound effects, too. Did you get that? And then when there's a power change almost the same, go to that side. 3 2 1 in the aspect of never making excuses, right? People are whining, winging about this, that and everything. I mean, I've done whole fight camps without my left shoulder. So, I'm pretty much only using my legs, my right arm, my right elbow. So, I don't think there's any excuses. So, you know, people training with me, I think they get that mentality. Well, I hope that I can be a source of inspiration and motivation for people that have a certain struggle, whether it's physical, mental, emotional, whatever it is. And uh, everyone has something. Whether you've got a physical limitation, whether it's a mental limitation, whatever it is, everyone struggles with something. There can always be an excuse. There always be a reason why you can't make it to a certain level or do this and do that. And that's why I coined the phrase be about it. And uh I hope that that phrase sticks with people. And it sure has from what I'm hearing. Be about it. Don't talk about it. If you want to get something done, you know, believe that you can get it done and you will. I want people to see like a great piece of art. I am a martial artist. I like to paint a great picture and I like to entertain. So I hope when people watch me fight, they're finding it thrilling and entertaining. and they see even somebody that doesn't really like fighting, they can see the art behind my fights. No, it's not just about winning, man. You know, wins and losses, they're going to come. I'm going to lose. I'm going to win. And and that's part of it. It's more than that. It's my story. It's never giving up. It's uh pushing myself to be the very best I can be. overcoming adversity, uh not just physical adversity, but overcoming those mental hurdles for a fight camp, for a fight itself, controlling the nerves, conquering what I've set out to conquer, and ultimately glorifying God in the skills that he's given me. So, I'm carrying a much bigger message, and uh I hope that I can be a source of inspiration to people. You know, I get a lot of messages from people, people that, you know, have physical limitation and then people that just have, you know, they're struggling with depression or something. To me, it's the same thing. I think you got to surround yourself with a great team. Find a good team. Surround yourself with great people, skilled people, people that are great at what they do and want to build you up and believe in you. And I think you got the recipe for success. And uh then you got to have the drive and the willpower to see yourself through. If I could go back and be born with two arms, no way. I would say no every time. I don't care if you think I'm just saying it. I swear to you, I have no desire. I would not change a thing about it. I am the person I am today because of it. I'm the fighter I am today because of it. And you know, God blessed me with this body and I'm perfectly content with it.