Kind: captions Language: en I am here in Victoria, British Columbia, outside the house of six-time kickboxing world champion Gabriel Varga. And today we're going to be spending the whole day with him. Give you guys an inside look of what it's like to live in a day of a six-time world champion. Gabriel Varga, good to see you. This in my little gym room stretching away. You don't understand how many requests I get. Collaboration with Gabriel Varga. I've been getting them, too. So, most people think that you have to have this big fancy gym to be successful. Everybody's always like, "Whoa, where do you train, Gabriel? Did you go overseas?" I'm like, "No, I decided to stay in Victoria." So they're like, "Oh, you must have this awesome facility with all these fighters." And like, you know, this is 50% of the time this is where I train. About 25% of the time I'm in here by myself cuz I can't get a pad holder. So I'm hitting the speed bag or the cobra bag or I go to the back where my actual bag is. And this is actually a really good insight because a lot of people think that you have to be at like the top gym in Thailand. I do kind of wish that sometimes like, "Oh, I wish I had more sparring partners and such, but I love my home. I've never been that inclined to be like, I'm going to pack up and go somewhere else and made it work. How long have you been training now? Started before I can even remember. Probably three or four or five. I turned 40 on the 16th. Yeah. And how many fights do you have now? I actually don't know. It's around 50. 52. How much longer do you plan on fighting? Really hard to say. I I think when I won my first glory belt at 28, I remember saying to myself like another year or two, then I'm done. And then I did a couple more and I'm like another year or two, but no way I'm going to go past 35. And then when I went to, you know, it was 35, I went, "Okay, well, never ever past like 38 or 39. Now 40 is coming up." And at this point, I'm not even actually that sure why I'm still fighting. You You love it. I don't love the fighting. I've actually always almost despised fighting. I don't like the the fear leading up to it. It's It kind of like wrecks a couple months for me. I don't enjoy hitting other people. So, after Gabriel did his usual eight rounds of pads, he was generous enough to hold pads for me and give me tips on what I could do better. See how it touch? Oh, don't touch. Don't touch. So, I noticed when Buka was doing his, he would always grab maintain his arms out as opposed to dropping. Not drink the right elbow flare and a tiny bit on the rechamber for the last one. Not one, two, three. And it's there. More room to rechamber. The hands are kind of coming one, two. So they're close, but they're not back. Quick, reset a little more. We'll try and get that balance a little bit more. Something about that one. Do you slide? You just I don't slide. I'm here. stay upright. Yeah. When you notice um one of the best kickers in the world, Super Bond, I've really tried to study his hips and when he throws, especially on his right, it's really weird to me, but he actually like commits his head slightly forward. I feel like that's a bit more than anybody needs to do, but if you fade back, then you're naturally just your balance. Good. So, let's go. Chin's coming up with it a little bit. Okay. Rotating. And a lot of times people think like, oh, you know, I've got to hit harder. I make that mistake in my trying to hit too hard. You just have to more drag and drive down on an angle. So I end up really hurt my shin. Jeff cross hook. I did an episode and everybody was like, "Oh, that's just faking it." Like steel. I'm starting to feel it. One more. We can't train this. We can't train to get tougher. If you think you can, you're dumb. We can train this and we can train this. If I can go into a fight here, they can't low kick KO me and they can't KO me to the body, then all I have to do is not get hit to the head. Our heads are conditioned buddies. They came in before my my legs were conditioned. They could kick like a horse and we would just go about your turn. We just go inside, right outside the front leg trying, but you stop as soon as as soon as that happens. like, "Okay, I'm done." Cuz you want to be able to walk tomorrow. You kick pierce shin on your I I don't actually. I did a prime a couple weeks ago and the guy's like, "Oh, you always have to do shit." Very often in my fights, I go foot because of distance. Been coming here for a long time. All right. I've been waiting to eat for three, please. So, you were saying earlier that you don't have a coach? Yeah. Not in the traditional sense. I have people who help me sort of in the side. It's like, "Oh, Gabriel has a fight coming. Let's get some padwork rounds with him for the last 6 weeks or my brother's out of town. and he'll meet me there and corner me. But yeah, in the traditional sense that I go to a gym and every day I see this guy and he's helping me work on my technique. No, not my whole pro career. Basically the same strategy that I've used since I was younger. I found about years ago when I did have a coach, I was learning more watching K1 Max and watching Baau and Andy Sour and these dudes in their fights than I was from my coach. I'm going into the gym and trying things that I saw them do and I still do it now and I'm sure you do too. I get so many people messaging me saying, "I don't have a good gym in town. How do I get good?" I'm like, "Man, watch the content." You're saying you don't train with too many people. I don't know. Went for longevity and life after fighting. I don't want to have all these guys who are trying to rip my head off. Probably for the last decade, like really four main sparring partners. Every once in a while, I'll end up somewhere else where it's like, "Okay, I can spar with somebody new." But realistically, that probably happens once every 6 months to once every 12 months where I'll spar with somebody outside of my normal four guys. Like when I fought Lzilla, no official coach. I would show up. I would lead the class, just a bunch of buddies. We would just meet up. We would kind of be like, "Okay, we're going to skip shadow box. We'll we'll do some drills, hold pads for each other. We'll we'll do some sparring." That was it. If you're somebody who's like, "Okay, you know what? I want to compete and I want to try and reach the highest level." Then sure, it might be beneficial to go and, you know, take a month like I did that. Go to Thailand for 2 or 3 months, learn some information. I took a lot of information from Thailand, but I don't need to be there all the time. Like how much how much can you learn in 10 weeks when you're just grabbing every bit of information you can? This is the uh iconic Gabriel Varga background. Hey everyone, I'm Gabriel Varga, six time kickboxing world champion. Give me your your best fight memory. Fighting Lord Zilla was that's the first time I realized like, oh, I'm fighting somebody on a big stage who's a known name. Uh beating Omron for that was just kind of like holy smokes. And then and then uh Kevin Ross, we just finished eating sushi. Gabriel Vargas is going to show me his calisthenics strength conditioning routine. Let's go. I've never got to 10 though. 10? I've been trying to get to 10, but I never make it. I mean, you're right now. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] me. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] me. I I have too much sushi in me and I just farted. Okay. Give me Give me some time. Okay, pause it. I need I need some rest. Kicking your way up. And then getting that push. I can't go all the way down without the Okay. Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] As hard as I thought. They're They're so hard. One, two, three, three. Four. Five. Five. Two. One. Three. Two. Four. Five. Knee tucks in and out. Four. Three. Two. Four. Three. Five. And then the tips forward with the hip. Big split. Jeff is okay. I need a cold punch. Jesus went for it, too. How long are we usually going for? I I usually do uh three. Three, apparently is the ideal. Not bad. Not bad. Yeah, it's still cold. It's still cold. You said it wasn't that bad. But how often do you spar a week? How often do I spar a week? Oh man. Depends if it's it's fight camp or not fight camp right now. I sparred because you're coming, but I haven't sparred in since December. Jeff's coming. Maybe I should do a couple rounds. So, I've done the last two Thursdays. Yeah. I normally don't spar. Only sparring with me tonight because I requested it. Only sparring? Yeah. And if you weren't coming, I probably wouldn't have sparred until my next fight and then I'm like 10 weeks until fight. Time to start sparring again. What would be the main reason why you do not spar on a regular basis? Mostly cuz I don't enjoy it as much as Padwork. I like smashing stuff and I'm always like, "Okay, I got to be very controlled in sparring." Plus, you know, trying to save save the brain. Do you do hard sparring when you do spar or is it primarily technical sparring when it's fight camp? Yeah. Then we pick it up. Not to the point where we're ever leaving, like me and my partner's never leaving with headaches or anything like that, but you know, if somebody's head moves, yeah, that's fine. I stopped sparring in about 2015. If we were to not spar today, what would you be doing as your second session? Uh, it would be running up the hill. Okay. I didn't want to run, so I purposely didn't bring my shoes. Heat. Heat. Sorry guys, it's just a moderator. Stay tuned for more videos.