Kind: captions Language: en Now, before we continue, back in 2022, I released my first head movement program. Thousands of you joined in and it was one of my most popular courses. But since then, I've learned a lot, refined my teaching and wanted to make something even better. So now I've built the new headmovement countering and evasive defense program. Think of it as the 2.0 version. It includes everything from the first program, but I've added more. The program teaches step-by-step on how to develop a strong defensive foundation through footwork, distance management, and blocking, which will help transition into strong head movement. You'll be learning over 130 techniques from footwork to blocking to head movement patterns, exits, counters, head movement combinations, hand control bait tactics, and finally live drills to train it under pressure until it's second nature. Going up against the opposite stance can be very different. So this time the program comes in four versions. Orthodox versus orthodox, orthodox versus southpaw, southpaw versus southpaw, and southpaw versus orthodox. The goal is simple. help you save your brain while having fun and fight or spar with the same slick evasive style you see at the highest levels of MMA, Muay Thai, and boxing. If you're ready to level up your defense, hit the link in the description box below. So, we're going to work on like a little live drill. One partner is only throwing straight punches for now. The goal is to mix up blocking and head movement. So, if you're comfortable, you can do just head movement. If you're not, you can just block. And if you get more comfortable, you can block and then start adding head movement. Right? If you're not comfortable with just head movement, you can just block like you guys already know how. You guys can shell, you can parry, and once you start seeing a pattern, you start feeling more comfortable with your distance management, then you can add a little slip here and there. So guys, look, Mike is going to actually hit me, but it's not it's not hard. His hands are open inside, so I'm not really feeling anything, but he's committing to my face, and he's extending all the way. The worst thing you can do when you're trying to get better with head wound is your partner is aiming to the side or he's not even extending all the way. So guys, we're going to do this drill live, okay? It's not planned. He might tag me, probably will tag me cuz he's better, but it allows me to get better and make the adjustments when I do get hit. So, see there's a lot of footwork. I got to maintain that distance. If he's able to close that distance now, I can't slip anymore and I'm going to want to shell. So you guys can see how there's a lot of footwork. &gt;&gt; You guys get it? Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And now, of course, the person that's attacking needs to cooperate to a certain degree because the person that's attacking, if you're going forward too much, what's he not realizing? He can also get hit. &gt;&gt; So, when we're drilling, I want you to give your partner some space. So, I'm going to do to you now. See, I'm resetting a little bit so he can work because if I do this, guys, he has no space, but I'm also not worried about that knee, that takedown, that elbow. So, let's try to play this game for our partners. See what I mean? I'm letting them work. We're not trying to win. Make sense, guys? &gt;&gt; So, if you are tagging your partner too much, maybe you're going too close to him or he's just not at that level yet. So, you need to slow it down. The LA I'm going to say one more time. We're not trying to win. We're trying to help our partner get better and develop his reaction. 1 2 3. Uh, so the next drill is our partner can now throw the hooks as well. Try to maintain this distance. If my partner is just getting too close to me, right, we can think of it in two ways. He's better than me in the fight and he closes that distance. But right now, we're working that outside range. So, make sure we don't crowd our partner too much because in a real fight, if he gets too close to me, for the enemy guys, we can kick him down. For the really hardcore Muay Thai guys, we can throw those knees. We can throw that counter shot. So, again, we're helping each other. We're not crowding our partner. Now, if you guys want to come learn from me in person, I highly recommend you join me at one of my next training retreats with loads of training accommodations, great food, awesome people from all over the world, and affordable yet beautiful countries. Check out the details in the link in the description box below. See how sometimes I'm mixing up with a long guard, sometimes I'm dropping my hands, I'm mixing it up. It's too hard to do just head movement. That make sense, guys? &gt;&gt; See how I'm switching my stance as well? I'm switching my stance because he's able to close the distance on me. If he's moving forward at me and I'm doing this the whole time, it's very hard to to create distance or close distance, right? If I want to close the distance, is this faster or is this faster, right? You want to essentially shift and walk again. You got me right now. Now, sometimes he gets too close, you can always bump in. When I bump in, that's for me a take out. So, one more time, I keep the distance. If he gets too close, I'm able to duck underneath. You see how you can go back, back in, back, back in. Make sense, guys? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; 1 2 3. When we get into uh sparring is uh we're just not going to block. We're just going to try to do head movement. Okay. Um I'm going to get hit, but we're going to just have fun with it. If you get hit too much, your partner just slows down. Whenever we're training, guys, if you want to get better, it's all about who you train with. Having the best training partner is the is probably the best thing you can agree. Someone who can pull and push, right? If your partner is just beating the crap out of you, you're not going to get better. And if you're always just beating someone up, you will you will get better better, but to a degree. Need someone that's better who will push and pull. Okay? So, look, I'm going to try to maintain the distance. &gt;&gt; Oh, Sorry. You guys get the idea, &gt;&gt; right? I got to block to to a certain degree, right? He's just too damn good, right? And because he's able to crowd me, I have to threaten that shot. You know what I mean? But it's okay. I got tagged. I got better from it. He changed he changed his direction so much, too. And also, he would stop. So just when I started getting the beat on where he was going, he would change that and just pause or get closer or just make it uncomfortable. Yeah. You know, also take these drills with a grain of salt, right? One can argue he knocked me on the first punch. One can argue that it just it didn't hit me. It didn't hurt me. But at the end of the day, we're just trying to get better with their reaction. I'm not saying, you know, you came to this retreat, I know how to do headm. These are like last resort type drills. And if you get better and better, maybe it will become your first line of defense or at least second line of defense. But just it's to develop the reaction. One, two, three, guys. Have fun. [Music]