Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I had the pleasure of doing a private lesson with Prajenshai PK Sanche, the one strawweight Muay Thai world champion, former one strawweight kickboxing world champion, twotime Lumini stadium champion, and threetime Rajidam stadium champion. He has an incredible record of 396 fights with 340 wins and 53 losses and three draws. The lesson format started with technique work followed by some light, playful sparring. During the sparring, Pride and Shai would often stop me to correct small details and those small details made a huge difference. He ended up teaching me three techniques I never realized I needed to take my striking to the next level. It's the little things you don't notice that make the biggest impact. You don't realize how much they matter until someone points them out. There's truly no better way to learn than through sparring. It allows the teacher to see your style, your habits, and what you like to do, so they can pinpoint exactly what you need to improve on instead of just teaching random techniques. You can see that he hit me with three teps in a row before deciding to show me how to defend them. I'd argue it wasn't that I didn't know what to do, it's just that he was too damn fast and his timing was perfect. Here's the first technique I learned. Instead of defending and then throwing a wide hook cross combination, Prattenshai explained that this can be easily blocked when your opponent uses a carriage block. Instead, he suggested throwing a hybrid between a hook and an uppercut, almost like a hammer fist style punch. It curves inwards and slides right through the guard. Now that I think about it, this punch looks very similar to how Alex Breer throws his left hook. &gt;&gt; As we kept sparring, he reminded me not to brush kicks since trying to absorb a hard kick like that can really hurt your body. Instead, he told me to step to the side and undercatch. You can actually see the look of disappointment on his face when I accidentally brushed it. Again, &gt;&gt; with the undercatch, you can follow up with the same hook uppercut blend into a cross. Super effective and clean. And back to sparring again. I threw a body punch and that's when Pragai taught me the second technique I never knew I needed to add to my game. Normally, I throw a wide hook to the body, but Pragai explained that it's easy for your opponent to block by simply lowering their arms. Instead, he taught me to throw a hammer fist style punch straight to the center of the stomach where it's unprotected and to do it in a sharp stabbing motion. Unfortunately, my camera overheated, so I missed some of the footage, but luckily my friend was filming on an iPhone. Proud then showed me a really slick combination for when your opponent shells up. Throw a right hook as you step into southpaw stance, which creates a bit of an angle for a left stabbing body punch right to the middle of the stomach, followed immediately by a hammerfist style uppercut to the chin. The body shot and uppercut are thrown in one smooth motion, almost like the first punch ricochets into the second. &gt;&gt; The next day, I sparred with one flyweight kickboxing world champion and former one bantamweight Muay Thai world champion, Super. And I actually managed to land that same combination. I can't wait to keep practicing it on more people. And back to sparring again. I threw a head kick, but Pra caught it, lifted my leg, and swept me to the ground. He then showed me how to defend and counter that same situation. &gt;&gt; Kick. Kick. Yeah. Kick. Boom. Okay. Kick. Oh, do no hand. You kick. Kick. Move up. Kick. Turn. Shrug your shoulder up to protect your head. Use your opposite side arm to block and with the same arm as the raised shoulder, catch the kick and throw your opponent. In the past, I used to question this kind of move when I saw it used in sand. But after seeing two Muay Thai legends, first Lzilla and now Penshai both use it effectively, I'm starting to think this might be a technique worth keeping in my back pocket. Now, if you guys are interested in my free striking and defense course where you'll learn how to defend strikes using the long guard, how to counter using the long guard, as well as some head movement, you can access it for free by clicking the link in the description box below. &gt;&gt; [music]