Kind: captions Language: en Finish it. Four. Two. [Music] In this video, I visited Lions MMA in Vancouver. It's a beautiful gym located in Vancouver's downtown area. Now, I'll be honest, in 98% of my sparring videos you guys watch, I jump into sparring fresh, but the guys here at Lines MMA hit pads and do drills for about 2 hours before they start sparring. Coach Pali starts us with easy combinations and quickly progresses them into long, complex, and fun combinations. So after many rounds of hitting pads, we got into sparring. We started with striking only rounds with the Muay Thai guys. Then I finished the session with three fiveminute rounds with pro MMA bantamweight Ali Wasuk. Let's go. Ali is the current BFL bantamweight champion with a pro record of 10 wins and four losses. By the time we started sparring, we were extremely fatigued. At least I was. And we had to really push through it. Coach Polly makes his fighters do this to help simulate later rounds. In a real fight, especially longer ones like 5 minutes, five round fights that Ali needs to do to defend his belt, he's going to be exhausted. So, sparring when tired helps fighters learn to stay composed, use clean technique, and make smart decisions even when they are drained. It also helps build mental fortitude. This reveals how a fighter handles adversity. Do they stay disciplined or does their form fall apart? Coach Paulie wants his fighters to dig deep, push past exhaustion, and still perform under pressure. He says this is the way to build fight cardio. Finally, it's also a good strategy to keep your fighters from sparring too hard and saving the brain for the fight. What do you guys think of this methodology? Let me know in the comments below and let me know what you thought of our sparring. So, a jab here followed by slipping Ali's cross as I threw mine, followed by a left hook and a sudden level change into my double leg here. And that was the end of the first round. You can see I was done, ready to head back to my hotel and sleep. But I guess I didn't come all the way to Vancouver just to stop there. So, here's round two. Here's a lead low kick, which set up my scissor kick to the body. Then I went to the calf to hit an outside foot sweep and a beautiful get up by Ali. He steps and pushes on my far thigh as he sits up and posts on his same side arm and immediately reaches for a single leg. He scrambles to his feet and attempts to finish the single leg. I kept my balance by hopping. We ran into the wooden wall, so we moved to the black mat. He then finished a double leg and I quickly hip heisted to pop back to my feet here. Here I slipped to the inside on his jab and into my right hand and slipped to the inside on his cross and into my left hook, but that missed. Now, if you are interested in learning more about head movement, check out my head movement program where I teach you everything I know about it. You can find all the information in the link in the description box below. And a nice side kick by Ali here. I baited Olli to punch by dropping my hands and slipped his jab as I threw my cross simultaneously. And a good sprawl against my double leg shot here by Ali and a nice knee from him to make me pay. When I realized I wasn't going to score a takedown, I broke off with a body kick. I baited Ali into a striking exchange and attempted another double egg. But once again, good defense by Ali. Double leg attempt number three, but Ollie stuffs it again and lands another knee. I'm not going to lie, I was hoping to take him down and rest on top. But you can see Ollie is experienced and used to the five fiveminute rounds as a professional MMA champ. It's only the second round and I'm grasping for air and he is holding strong and picking me apart now. And that was the end of round two. I immediately went down to sit. And here's round three. [Music] A nice cross here by Ali. Anticipated my left hook, so he rolled under and into his left hook. [Music] A nice faint by lifting the right knee here. You can see I reacted by dropping my left hand to catch and Olly cracks me with the right straight. And instead of rushing the double legs like I did in the second round, I waited for Olly to come forward and punch. And I changed levels and into my running double leg across from me here. And Olly answered with his jab in which I slipped, but Ollie followed up with his left hook which landed. And a beautiful scissor knee to the face. I do believe it was an accident on Ali's part, but thankfully it was super controlled. He pushed off his left foot, lifted his rear knee up as he scissored his left knee up and his right leg down. [Music] across from me here that Olly defends and I shift into salpa stance and into my right hook to left uppercut. [Music] Oie gets me back with a cross and a good quarter turn and whizzer into a kick here to defend my double leg. A nice jab from Ali and I get him back with an uppercut. A jab into a nice frame to track my head by Ali and into a cross. And another slip to the inside on his left punch and into my corks cross [Applause] and a jab cross lands from southw stance for me here and we finished around with some wall wrestling. I was absolutely toasted but Oi almost looks fresh. Cardio is king guys. If you want to fight, you need the cardio. So do you believe in coach Paul's method of training for a fight? Let me know in the comments below. Yes. Count it. Don't give it up. Come on. Push. Push. Push. Nice. Good job, man. [Music]