Kind: captions Language: en [music] In this video, I'm going to try to break down how Superle throws his Ranos kicks to the body and legs. Of course, I might not be fully understanding everything he is saying, but I'll do my best there. So, first, he is saying that he aims to hit with the lower shin/ instep of his foot. Woo! &gt;&gt; Oh, come here. Good or no good? &gt;&gt; You good? So, you kick here. &gt;&gt; Here, he demonstrates kicking with the upper shin, which he says is also good, but he prefers hitting with the lower shin and instep. &gt;&gt; The reason being is if he hits with the lower shin and instep, it's easier to pull and free your leg when your opponent catches it. On the other hand, if you kick with the upper shin, it's harder to free the leg and easier for your opponent to sweep you. Here, he demonstrates with his arm, wrist, and the top of the hand. If it was the arm, it would be the lower forearm, wrist, and top of the hand that lands. So here I tried to ask if he made full contact with his shin before snapping. Kind of like how Boao throws his kicks. Big chamber in the leg, full contact with his shin before snapping, driving the shin across the body and trying to kick through the target, or does he snap the kick before hitting the target? Based off what I'm seeing, he likes to snap before making contact with his shin. He snaps when the kick is in front of the stomach but not past the stomach the way boka does it or even the way I was taught. He snaps kick much earlier and strains the kick on impact. More similar to the karate style snap kick. I later train with pet chaong and noticed he kicks both ways. When I asked about it, he said this way is less tiring but less powerful. The shin all the way across the body and hips fully turned over is more powerful but takes much more energy. Now, with the low kick, he likes to flex his toes upwards and also likes to kick with the lower shin and instep. He likes to wrap the foot around the hamstring. He explained that he likes to kick and tug the leg off to the side to redirect his opponent. If his opponent blocks, he can step slightly off to the side and kick behind the knee and redirect the leg. &gt;&gt; Here, he says sometimes he tugs the knee to his chest to really turn his opponent. Do you guys like this style of kicking? Let me know in the comments below. [music]