Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'll be teaching five ways that we can double the power of our strikes by recognizing when we can cut off our opponents. It's really super simple. If we can see that our opponent circles to our left, throw a left kick. They are walking into our kick, causing what I call colliding damage. We can throw that left kick to the body or head. And if our opponent is in southbust stance, then we can throw it to the leg as well. The best opportunity to cut off our opponents is if we have our opponents against the wall, cage, or ring. When we do, we should start to anticipate as we know our opponent will want to circle out to their left or right. If we do not have our opponent against the wall, we can pressure forward, which will most likely cause them to back up and eventually circling left or right as we are taught to not back up in a straight line. And when they do circle to their right and our left, we throw that left kick. Now, if your defense is weak, you're losing fights before they even start. Well, I made a free striking defense course for you guys. Inside, I'll teach you how to master the long guard and Philly shell, when to move your head, shell up or tie up, and most importantly, the best counters to punches and kicks. You can access it for free in the link in the description box below. So, what if our opponent circles left, circling to our right, then simply throw the right body. As mentioned earlier, we don't have to wait till our opponent is backed up against the corner. we can pressure forward which will cause our opponent to back up and circle out to circle out right away. We need to be able to recognize it and cut them off. Finally, we can also create an angle by stepping 45° to the side and shuffling to our left. If our opponent doesn't circle left to square up with us, we will have created an angle on them, putting them at a disadvantage. So naturally, our opponents will circle to their left for us to kick with our right kick. [Music] Similar to the left kick, we can cut off our opponent with a right low kick, body kick, or even head kick. [Music] With the same concepts discussed already, if we have our opponent against the corner, we can also cut off our opponent with a left or lead gazelle hook. We can kick with the right leg, pressuring our opponent to circle to our left and into our leaping lead hook. We can also throw the right or rear hook to cause our opponent to circle to our left and into the lead hook. Or again, we can pressure forward and when our opponent disengages and circles to our left, we can throw that left or lead hook. Now, sometimes our opponent will get into strike and exit out in which we can track the side they are going to exit and chase them with that hook. Finally, in this example, I did a quarter turn sweep and although it failed, it pulled my opponent to my right and I cut him off with my right hook, but still considered a lead hook because I was in southb stance. Now, let's talk about throwing our rear hook and in my case, my right hook. When our opponent circles to our right, we want to cut them off with the right hook. If they move forward at us, like in this example, we are in range and close enough to catch them with the rear or right hook. But in every other case, it is harder to cut off our opponents with the rear or right hook because the rear hook is further away. So, if we are pressuring forward and our opponent is circling out, we want to slide our rear foot forward into the opposite stance, closing that distance and also cutting off our opponent with their footwork and then leaping into the right gazelle hook, which has now become our lead hook. Typically, I like to throw my cross first, which causes my opponent to defend by parrying or slipping as they move to their left and my right. And as I throw my cross, I'm shifting into south plus stance to close that distance and into the gazelle hook. I also like to double that hook. We see guys like Max Holloway, Dustin Pore, and many others do this. Here are some examples of cornering someone against a cage. The cross causes my opponent to circle to his left. I then shift into south wall stance and into a right hook. Again, the key to cutting off our opponent with the rear punch when they circle to our rear side is shifting forward into south wall stance, making that hook come out faster. So, these are more basic ways of cutting off our opponents. But, we can be more fancy by throwing our spinning back fist as they circle to our left as well. Yeah. Okay. [Music]