Kind: captions Language: en One second, please. One second. &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; In this video, I visited WTM Muay Thai [music] located southwest of Calgary where I got to spar a Mongolian kickboxer, Shriiji. Let's get straight to breaking this down. Shiri throws a left kick here and I brushed it, saw his left straight followup, so I slipped it and into my left hook to cross and exit it out with a crouch to evade his right hook counter. Knowing that I'm the longer guy, I relied on my lean back a lot whenever he would try to punch after I kicked because I know my legs are much longer than his arms. If I were taller, I would imagine I would have tried to block instead. A calf kick here to the lead leg. He catches me with a jab and parries my cross. And I fired back with a rear body kick. Shin across the body, hips forward and leaning back. So I was able to evade his right hook. Again, being the longer guy, I relied on leaning back a lot using my legs to intersect. Here, Shariji switches his stance back and forth, implying that he was going to throw either a left or right kick. So, when I saw he was about to throw the kick, I threw a straight right down the middle to intercept, then ducked under his right hook and slipped his jab. Then, he pulls back against my left hook and shoulder rolls against my cross. Shri ducks under my hook here, counters with the left straight, and after pairing it, I was too close to punch or kick or throw a long me. So, I skipped into the knee. And as I disengage, he jumps into his own flying knee. A close one. Here's a cool trick I've never seen anyone do before. Shari catches my cross with both hands, trapping my right hand after I threw my cross and into a counter hook. I was ready for it this time and dodged it, but actually he caught me with this exact same technique in the first round, which unfortunately was not filmed. And a nice gazelle hook here from Shrii. Another jump knee from me, but fell short on it. &gt;&gt; And a nice cross lands for Shari here. A nice exchange here. He slips my jab and into his cross. I get him back with my cross. I followed up with a hook that misses into my jab. He slips my cross and into his right hook. I was able to shoulder roll to defend, but he catches me with a nice cross to finish the exchange. And some footwork and head movement to evade his blitzes of punches here. &gt;&gt; Oh, nice shot. A nice counter here. Shirri parries my cross and into his hook. That misses, but a nice cross follow. &gt;&gt; Shri puts the pressure, stands in my pocket, and we trade some punches. With all his weight on that front leg, I went for an inside foot sweep with my rear leg. I do got to work on keeping my hand up, though, because he caught me with the hook as he went down. I got tired of bouncing around. So to finish, I shelled up and stood my ground and traded some more fun boxing exchanges kickboxing style. A nice body kick from Shri and I get him back with a lead low kick to rear high kick and the lead t to end the round. &gt;&gt; Now before we continue, back in 2022, I released my first head movement program. Thousands of you joined in and it was one of my most popular courses. But since then, I've learned a lot, refined my teaching, and wanted to make something even better. So now, I've built the new head movement, countering, and evasive defense program. Think of it as the 2.0 version. It includes everything from the first program, but I've added more. The program teaches step-by-step on how to develop a strong defensive foundation through footwork, distance management, and blocking, which will help transition into strong head movement. You'll be learning over 130 techniques from footwork to blocking to head movement patterns, exits, counters, head movement combinations, hand control bait tactics, and finally live drills to train it under pressure until it's [music] second nature. Going up against the opposite stance can be very different. So this time the program comes in four versions. Orthodox versus orthodox, orthodox versus southpaw, southpaw versus southpaw, and southpaw versus orthodox. The goal is simple. help you save your brain while having fun and fight or spar with the same slick evasive style you see at the highest levels of MMA, Muay Thai, and boxing. If you're ready to level up your defense, hit the link in the description box below. Round two. A nice double jab here by Shri Catching me on the second. So, I always teach to kick as far as possible, hitting with the lower shin to instep area. the way you've been seeing me kick the full first round. The one time I stood closer and kicked with my upper shin, I get countered with a right hook. Here's a nice left straight over top of my right straight followed by a boxing combination. So here I went back to kicking with the lower chin instep wrapping around the body and you can see I was far enough to evade his jab. Of course, if Shri was taller, I would have to parry. But by kicking this way, you are further from your opponent, making it easier to see the counter coming and react. I was unable to keep my distance here and ended up kicking too close [music] again. And Shi catches my right hook. A double right hook actually. &gt;&gt; Oh, nice catch. &gt;&gt; Using an extended lead arm here to keep my distance. Tricky catches my body kick here. And I countered with my Superman cross. Being the taller guy, it makes it much easier to stay balanced when my leg is caught. And I relied on my lean back to evade his counter punches. Popping my lead arm out again to keep my distance and slipped and circled out. &gt;&gt; And a beautiful long knee by Shri here. And that was the end of round two. &gt;&gt; And time. &gt;&gt; Final round. And I threw my cross framed on his high guard and shifted to southpaw stance and into my left cross. I was using the Astep to set up that cross. I got a tutorial on how to use the Aep for Muay Thai boxing and MMA coming soon. I've been dodging his low kicks all this time. So this time we switch it up. He fakes low and you can see I shot my hips back and he transitions into a scissor high kick. Even though my right hand was up, his foot caught me and even though he threw with extreme control, I could feel the impact. Of course, I try to get him back with the same technique, but I landed to the body and he almost catches me with a heel kick. &gt;&gt; The advantage of being longer is that if you dodge your kick, you are long enough to leap back in with the hook. &gt;&gt; And he catches my kick again. This time catching me with a counter right hook. If you've been following me as of recently, you'll see I've been constantly using this ASAP hiking combination. Again, I got a detailed tutorial coming soon. He catches my cross again, but I knew he was going to throw that hook, so I was able to evade. Then he followed up and catches me with a cross upgrade cross combination. Well, I hope you guys enjoyed this sparring breakdown. As usual, if you liked it, support me by commenting below, hitting that like button, subscribing, and turning on that notification button. See you guys next time. &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Time! [music]