Kind: captions Language: en Hey guys, It's Jeff Chan and I'm at Heroes Fighters Gym here in Shanghai and I'm with Hi there. This is Virginia. He is a national standup champion. Today we're going to be doing some nice playful sparring sand rules. Uh if you like the video, please remember to like, comment, share, and subscribe. Now, before we continue, back in 2022, I released my first head movement program. Thousands of you joined in, and it was one of my most popular courses. But since then, I've learned a lot, refined my [music] teaching, and wanted to make something even better. So, now I've built the new headmovement countering and evasive defense program. Think of it as the 2.0 version. [music] It includes everything from the first program, but I've added more. The program teaches step by step on how to develop a strong defensive foundation through footwork, distance management, and blocking, [music] which will help transition into strong head movement. You'll be learning over 130 techniques from footwork to blocking [music] to head movement patterns, exits, counters, head movement combinations, hand [music] control bait tactics, and finally, live drills to train it under pressure until it's second nature. Going up against the opposite stance can be very different. So this time the program comes in four versions. Orthodox versus orthodox, orthodox versus southpaw, southpaw versus southpaw, and southpaw [music] versus orthodox. The goal is simple. Help you save your brain while having fun and fight or spar with the same slick evasive style you see at the highest levels of MMA, Muay Thai, and boxing. If you're ready to level up your defense, hit the link in the description box below. So here is the first round. I dodged his first low kick, threw one back, and he immediately fires back to even the score. and a calf kick. I parried his jab and into a thigh kick and a committed cross, a double step low kick and he gets me back with a low kick. Here I threw my rear body kick in which he Dutch blocks and fires back with a big left hook, but I pulled to dodge and into my inside low kick. He returns with a low kick that I was able to catch and into a sweep that failed because he had really good balance and flexibility. A one, two to double step low kick and he fires back with a hook that misses because I bounce far away after throwing my low kick. I jabbed here, pulled back, and into a hook to bait him into a boxing exchange, then chopped his leg. Almost every time I kicked him, he fired back with punches. So, I made sure to be as long as I could with my kicks while leaning back and being ready to dodge his counter punches or just parry using the long guard. Knowing he likes to plant his legs and punch, I started going for foot sweeps, aka calf kicks, to take his feet out underneath him. Here's another one that doesn't sweep him, but you can see offbalances him because all that weight is shifted to the lead leg. And a nice right hand over top of my jab here. Here's a new faint I've been working on. I call it the Morab faint or the high low faint. I faint high, then low, then into my attack. He pressures forward and that's my signal to level change into a double egg. However, I accidentally headbutted him. He ended up being okay though. &gt;&gt; A nice low kick from him and we both landed a jab and I finished with an inside low kick. Then we get into a low kick. &gt;&gt; My god. &gt;&gt; A nice low kick to a superman cross from him. And naturally I get him back with a fake body kick into a super cross, but I added the double step low kick and a double leg from me here. But because I fell to my knees, it either didn't count or counted for less points in sand rules. an inside foot sweep attempt here, then into my left kick. And I paired his punches and checked his kick. I attempted a pull back cross here, but he caught me with his jab, but I went with a plan and landed my cross and was ready to defend his counter punch. So, I paired it and into my left body. And that was the end of round one. Okay, good. &gt;&gt; Round two. He starts with a double jab and I return with a cross a double st kick. If you guys haven't jumped on the cross the double st kick train yet, you got it. It lands on everyone, especially if it's the first time sparring. A nice low kick from him. I kick them back. And now I'm just expecting his left hook counter. So I lean back against it and counter with my inside low kick. A nice liver hook from him and a nice outside low kick. Faint kick, cross, and into my left body kick here. And another outside foot sweep. &gt;&gt; Another pull back cross from him, but I missed. And he lands a nice cross hook into a cross that I shoulder rolled. And a low kick to finish off. And a nice liver hook. And another outside low kick lands for him. I tried inside foot sweep again, but failed. I would say it's harder to land an inside foot sweep on taller opponents because you need to hit with your shin. But because I'm trying to stay far away, I keep landing with my foot or toes, which doesn't move his leg. Another one, two to double step low kick. And you can see I take my head as far as I need to to evade his counter punch. And he fires back with a hook cross that I defend. I missed my cross here, but see how head off center line is key. I was able to evade his cross without knowing he was going to punch at the same time. And because I finished with a low kick, I technically won that exchange. And just as I said that, I land my cross here, but didn't take my head off center line and he tags me with the left hook. But I followed up with a low kick again, so I technically won that exchange as well. A drop shift jab into the overhand and into my double leg takedown. You can see I tried to stay on my feet to get the full points. A nice low kick counter against my jab here. A low kick for me and I evade his counter punch followed by a deep to the thigh to intercept him moving forward. A good left body kick from him and I get him back with one as he moves forward at me. And here I eat his low kick to throw my jab cross to double step low kick. How many double step low kicks have I thrown and landed so far? Let me know in the comments below if you use the double step low kick. Here I paired his left uppercut, shoulder rolled against his cross and into my check left hook. He follows up with the left hook in which I carriage blocked and fired back with my cross straight down the middle. a left body kick from him and as I tried to countercross, he slips it as he backst steps into south boss stance. A technique that I actually always do a liver hook here and I just missed his left hook. He counters my jab with an inside low kick here and slips my countercross again with the same backst step, but this time I followed up with my double step low kick to even out the score. And that was the end of round two. Round three, same exchange happens. He counters my jab with an inside low kick again. I fired back with my cross where he backst steps and slips, but I followed up with that double step low kick across that grazes his head here. I slipped his counter cross, but he catches me with a follow-up left hook. I slipped to the inside on his jab here and into my corks cross. And as he continues punching, I fade back with my left hook and shoulder roll to defend his last cross and a sudden level change into my double leg again. He attempts a single leg takedown, but I maintain balance by hopping. He explained that in sand, he only got a few seconds to try to finish the takedown. After that, you must let go. Now, an inside low kick for me. He counter punches with his cross and I slipped and backstepped. I immediately threw another inside low kick. back step and slip. But this time, right when my left leg hit the ground, I fired my cross from selfawa stance going right through his guard. A right body kick for me. He returns with the same left hook in which I carriage blocked, but I believed he lands a right hand here into a left head hook followed by liver hook. And I tried to neutralize the position break. &gt;&gt; Outside calf kick for me and an inside foot sweep that off balanced him, but I lost balance and was unable to land a follow-up punch. And a nice body kick to Superman. Punch here from him. And an inside low kick to Jack Cross. A double step low for me. &gt;&gt; 13. Another double sub low kick for me. And he rushes forward at me. I framed against his neck with my lead arm to create distance and into my cross. I tried to surprise him with the darting cross here, but the cross grazes him because he slips and into his own cross followed by a nice left hook. One minute [clears throat] &gt;&gt; and a kick to Superman cross for me. Seems like we use very similar moves. Another right hand over his jab here. Missed my hook, but because he was too close to me, I tied up and neutralized the position. 30 seconds and a legend lead sidekick. Something you don't see me throw often, but he gets me back with what looked like a straight T that turns into a sidekick. And that was the end of the final round. If you guys enjoyed this video, please remember to like, comment, share, and subscribe. Okay. Come on. &gt;&gt; [music]