Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I traveled to Hong Kong and visited JWK Muay Thai and Fitness where I sparred five rounds with Mocha Chun, one of Hong Kong's best pound-for-pound Muay Thai fighters. You'll see right away how well-rounded he is with excellent kicks, knees, clinch work, sweeps, boxing, and head movement. It was our first time meeting and sparring, so out of respect, we started off light and technical. As the rounds went on and we became more comfortable with each other, the pace and intensity naturally picked up throughout all five rounds. We had great back and forth exchanges, almost like two good dancing partners sharing the ring. Let me know in the comments below if you enjoy watching us work together. And don't forget to hit the like button, subscribe if you haven't already, and turn on that notification so you don't miss any future videos. 2. Hallelujah. Ah. Good boy. Oh yeah. Good boy. Thank you. push I want up I'm punch my way up. &gt;&gt; Now, before we continue, back in 2022, I released my first head movement program. Thousands of you joined in and it was one of my most popular courses. But since then, I've learned a lot, refined my teaching, and wanted to make something even better. So now I've built the new headmovement countering and evasive defense program. Think of it as the 2.0 version. It includes everything from the first program, but I've added more. The program teaches step by step on how to develop a strong defensive foundation through footwork, distance management, and blocking, which will help transition into strong head movement. You'll be learning over 130 techniques from footwork to blocking to head movement patterns, exits, counters, head movement combinations, hand control bait tactics, and finally live drills to train it under pressure until it's second nature. Going up against the opposite stance can be very different. So this time the program comes in four versions. Orthodox versus orthodox, orthodox versus southpaw, southpaw versus southpaw, and southpaw versus orthodox. The goal is simple. help you save your brain while having fun and fight or spar with the same slick evasive style you see at the highest levels of MMA, Muay Thai, and boxing. If you're ready to level up your defense, hit the link in the description box below. me. Oh Yes. side. Oh, fast. Mother, my Honey, my money. Hallelujah. My motheri knew knee. I touch my Okay. Nice.