Kind: captions Language: en It's Jeff Chan and as requested, here's a video on high kick setups. I've tested 28 I've learned throughout the years. The first one here is my top favorite because I throw the cross a double step low kick a lot. If you don't know what that is, it's when I throw my cross, then I slide my rear leg forward, push off that leg, and jump to the side with my lead leg and into a downwards motion to chop the leg. Once I throw the combination once, I'll reset it to create enough space for my opponent. I'll then launch my cross again. You can see my opponent went to check. So, I continue to make him think that I'm going to throw that double step low kick by sliding my rear leg forward, pushing off that leg, and jumping to the side with my lead leg, but this time into a rear high kick. The high kick also comes after a one or two second delay after the cross. So, sometimes my opponents thinks that I'm just exiting off to disengage, and they drop their hands to relax or reset, and I catch them by surprise with the kick. The second setup is also kicking low to set up the high kick. The difference is that I'm staying in front of my opponent as I throw a diagonally upward style low kick. And as my kicking leg bounces back in a stance, I'm going to immediately step down with my lead leg and into the high kick. So there is no delay between the low kick and the high kick. This is a great way to use when you see your opponent try to catch that low kick. I also tried the outside low kick and stepping down into the pivot position with my rear foot and into the lead high kick. Another similar concept here. I went for an outside foot sweep to offbalance my opponent and into that same side high kick as they dropped their hands to stay balanced. And what if our opponent is in southbust stance? I pushed off my lead foot, stepped my rear foot forward into the pivoted position and tried the lead leg foot sweep. Then step down with my lead foot and into the rear high kick. Now here I tried the same side lead kick. I like to throw my inside low kick by pushing off my lead foot and slide my rear leg forward into a pivoted position and into the inside low kick. I will then reset and create space for my opponent. I will then push off my lead foot and slide my rear leg forward into a pivot position again, but into a lead crescent kick to the face. The goal is to slap the face with the top of the foot. But in this example, I end up going over his head and landing with my heel. But here is a better example, landing with the side of my foot. With the rest of the examples, I kind of just threw my leg up as close as possible, but I tried to not actually make contact for safety reasons. &gt;&gt; The next setup I tried, I find only works on someone in the same stance as you. I like to use my lead hand to reach for my opponent's rear hand and pull it down, opening up the right side face for a second as I simultaneously slide my rear foot forward into the pivoted position and into my lead high kick. &gt;&gt; You can also set up your rear high kick using your rear arm. Reach your rear hand forward, grab your opponent's lead hand, pull it down and into your rear high kick. I find this one is a bit more difficult to land because it takes a longer distance for your rear leg to travel to the head than your lead leg. You literally got a split second to peel the guard down and land the kick. Instead of being offensive with this, you can be defensive by pairing the cross where their right side faces open for a second to sneak in that lead high kick. You can do the same for the opposite side by pairing the jab where their left side faces open for a second and into the rear high kick. And finally, I do this one more often, but you can also parry the jab and into the lead high kick as well. Although you would assume your opponent will keep that right hand up when jabbing. We see the best fighters drop their opposite side hand when punching. And sometimes you can sneak that lead high kick in. And even if the opposite side hand was up, one arm is not enough to block a high kick. The kick can often wrap around the arm and still cause a lot of damage. The next setup is the cartwheel kick made famous by Sanchi. Step your lead leg into a quarter pivot position. Then place your lead hand on the ground as you're about to do a cartwheel. Then lift your legs up into the air so that you are upside down and kick downwards from 12 to six. This is a cheat code if you don't have the flexibility to throw high kicks. Here's the next setup. Catch your opponent's kick, then let go and step your lead foot into the pivoted position and spin clockwise into your spinning heel kick. Your opponent is often thinking of avoiding a sweep, a counter kick, or punch when their leg is caught. Rarely are they expecting a spinning heel kick. Although I've only ever landed this once, as I don't throw spinning kicks often, I can vouch for its effectiveness, as my coach lands this on me all the time. Here's the next setup. High kicks don't always need to be fancy. Here is a super basic yet very effective high kick setup. Pop your jab out to see if your opponent parries with their right hand. Then pop your jab out again as you slide your rear leg forward into the pivoted position, hoping that they parry and drop their right hand and hope your lead high kick sneaks in. It's usually the basic setups that land the most for me. You can see plenty of examples of it success here. Now, if your defense is weak, you're losing fights before they even start. Well, I made a free striking defense course for you guys. Inside, I'll teach you how to master the long guard and Philly shell, when to move your head, shell up or tie up, and most importantly, the best counters to punches and kicks. You can access it for free in the link in the description box below. Here's the next setup. Has the same concept, [music] except you're going to switch your stance to load up your left kick as you throw your jab instead of sliding your rear leg forward. I like to lift my lead knee up to fake a kick first. Then I kick it back as I throw my jab. So my opponent parries with his right hand, opening their right side face, and my left high kick sneaks in. This next setup also has the same concept, except instead of jabbing to the head, you're going to jab to the body, forcing your opponent to drop their right hand even lower. So, throw that jab to the body as you simultaneously step your rear leg forward into the pivoted position and into that lead high kick as their right hand drops. This next setup is the same as setup nine, except I like to blitz in with the jab cross first to cause more of distraction. Then I step my rear leg forward as I throw my jab and into that same lead high kick. The next setup I tried is an even more basic combination. Throw the cross, pivoting the right foot, turning the hips to the left, loading up that left leg, and step forward with the rear foot into the pivoted position and into the lead high kick. This combination generates power in both the cross and the kick. Going from right to left will also generate the most momentum and power for your high kick. I like to throw this combination when I have my opponent against a cage or ropes because I'm really leaning forward and putting my weight into the shots. This next setup, the cross into the rear high kick. Similar to setup one, except there is no power in the cross. You're just flashing the cross in front of your opponent's face to get them to parry with their left hand and the rear high kick sneaks in. The kick should come immediately after the cross with no delays. &gt;&gt; This next setup, which is the exact same concept as setup 13, except we're going to throw the cross of the body, causing our opponents to lower their left hand, opening them up for that rear high kick. This next setup, the rear question mark high kick, also made famous by Sanchi, is most often set up by throwing a rear tep first, then lift your rear knee as if you're about to throw another rear tep. You can see my opponent dropped his hands to try to catch. I then drew a question mark with my rear leg to kick the face. The next setup I tried is the lead question mark high kick. Whatever you can do with your rear leg, you can do with your lead. This one is definitely more sneaky and lands more often, but depending on your flexibility, it may be harder to perform. Similar to the rear side question mark kick, throw the lead TE first, then chamber your lead knee up and turn your leg clockwise to draw a question mark with your lead leg. The 23rd high kick setup I tested was the Superman jab into the rear high kick. I lifted my lead knee up to fake a lead kick, then kicked my lead leg back as I threw my superman jab, hopping and landing on my rear foot, then pushed off that rear foot and stepped forward with my lead foot and into my rear high kick. This one is unexpected because former UFC welterweight champion Joyce St. Pierre made the Superman jab to the outside low kick very popular. So, a lot of people expected the low kick after the Superman jab, but this time I'm going up with the high kick. &gt;&gt; Setup 24. I used the same Superman jab setup, but switched it up just a bit. After throwing the Superman jab, I pushed off my rear foot and stepped forward with my lead foot as I threw my cross. Then stepped my rear leg forward into a pivoted position and into my left high kick. Setup 25. I tested outside low kick into the Superman cross followed by a rear high kick. I just throw a light outside low kick. Then [music] kick my rear leg back as I threw my cross and into an immediate step with my rear foot down followed by an immediate step with my lead foot and into my rear high kick. 5 seconds. Let's go, baby. Setup 26. I use the same outside low kick to Superman cross, but this time step my rear leg down after the Superman cross and into my left hiking. and setup 27. Exiting the clinch with a high kick. There are endless scenarios and different variations you can find yourself in, but essentially whenever you are breaking off the clinch, whether it's your opponent who is disengaging or you are pushing away, throw a high kick. Most people don't expect a high kick off the exit, and their hands are usually occupied from trying to clinch you. It's the element of surprise that catches them. My favorite way is to push their face to the side and throw the same sidekick as the hand I'm pushing with. It's as if I'm using my arms to push their head into my high kick. So, remember to get access to my free striking defense course by clicking the link in the description box below. Finally, setup 28 also has the same element of surprise. Your opponent can't see you, which is why it's a great time to throw a high kick. There are also endless scenarios where you can find yourself behind your opponent depending if it's standup only rules or MMA rules. In the following examples, my opponents were clinching me with the collar tie, and because they were wrapping too much with the bicep instead of the forearm, I was able to circle around their backs. And obviously, in these following clips, they were MMA rules, so I was able to take the back through wrestling. Hope you guys enjoyed some of these setups and hope you will add them to your arsenal. Thanks for watching. [music]