Kind: captions Language: en All right. So, if you guys have been following me for a while, you guys should know my Muay Thai coach crew Devon very well by now. Round one, we just warming up nice and slow in southpaw stance. Here I trapped his lead hand with my lead hand and into my jab followed by a left high kick. My kick snuck in before he blocked. Here I went for a liber hook. Crew Evans saw the opening and counter with a beautiful rear long knee. And here's the cool new move I've been working on. A rear kick into a lead uppercut. And you'll see me throw it multiple multiple times throughout the session used by Japanese one championship fighter Yukiza. I learned later that I was actually doing it wrong. Instead of throwing your rear body kick, I should be throwing a low kick, sticking the leg to the thigh as a distraction and into the uppercut. But you learn and move on. Either way, the uppercut was working and I had a lot of fun playing around with it. And here you see me landed again as I just pulled away from KV's big left hook counter. Another rear kick to uppercut, but missed. But I followed up with my double step low kick and a big right head kick from Devon. It's a slow warm up round, but lots of big shots landing already. I lead to the thigh, followed by my lead high kick, but Devon blocks. Deon fires back with an uppercut to the hook to the rear body kick. And I shelled and fired back with a lead high kick with the toes clipping the head and a low kick for a low kick. A liver hook for me here, but Devon shells up and blocks with all his weight crunched forward. I grab the top of his head and into an inside foot sweep. A te from me, but Kevin catches and sweeps out the leg again. What a first round. &gt;&gt; Stop. &gt;&gt; Round two. Both of us dodging and blocking each other's strikes. And the Yuki Yoza combination lands again. And a cross hook low kick from Devon. And a knee for a knee. A body combination here followed by one two and a double low kick. Devon in southpaw stance here. So I went for the corso uppercut underneath his lead arm and into my cross. Make miss here by Devon and a nice body cross. Now a cross to outside look it to my back leg and a beautiful long knee followed by a superman cross. And another Yukioa combination. And as I went for it again, Deon parried my uppercut, then trapped my arm and pulled me into a nice long knee. And I get him back with my own knee. I rear kick for me here. And as Devon kicked back, I checked with my rear leg and into a Superman cross. And a nice check right hook from Devon here. You can see I'm throwing a lot of rear body kicks because I keep wanting to land that Yuki Yoza uppercut combination. And the rear body kick sets it up. As I went for it again, Devon cross paired it with his left arm and into a check right hook. And across a double step low kick, but to the calf here that off balances me and a spike knee for me here. A liver hook for a head hook here and another Yuki yoza combination followed by a left hook and a beautiful pull and into a one-two from Devon. Devon retreats back against the wall and I threw my cross. Pulled back, slipped to the inside on his jab and into my cross. Oh, &gt;&gt; and Deon gives us a little explanation to his strategy. Fighting beside the wall to get heavier on the front leg, right? Even though heavy is nice and sharp, it's tricky cuz you don't have that move off. So, I'm using the roll the wall against your left side. So, all I have to do is focus on he's on his lead leg. You focus on your right right kick anything left knee look coming up pretty tight right the wall and the rope that's coming yeah right on the rope as you get straight on that wall I can't see it and even though I got my teeth it's weak so here I'm &gt;&gt; Deon starts round three with a switch kick Devon traps my lead hand with his lead hand here and into a back fist. &gt;&gt; A rear body kick for me here to set up another Yuki combination followed by the double step low kick. And Devon lands four low kicks in a row. All right, the cross. It helps up low kick from Devon and I get him back with one and he gets me back with it again, but really hooked my leg and swept me. Caught Devon's kick here and fired back with my own. And Devon always gets me with this one. An inside low kick a lead high kick, but Devon blocks high with the guard and kicks out my standing leg. And a really close one here. &gt;&gt; And a good inside foot sweep to end the round. &gt;&gt; And final round. T for me here. Deon T's back, but I brushed it into my low kick. &gt;&gt; And a Yukioa combination once more. I'm sorry. God gave us two. A nice stance switch as Devon loads up his left cross and into a foot sweep. Now, if your defense is weak, you're losing fights before they even start. Well, I made a free striking defense course for you guys. Inside, I'll teach you how to master the long guard and Philly shell, when to move your head, shell up or tie up, and most importantly, the best counters to punches and kicks. You can access it for free in the link in the description box below. And a nice knee here. Now let's get push. &gt;&gt; Beautiful timing on this foot sweep. Devon lifts his rear knee up. You can see I lifted my leg up to check. And as I dropped my leg, he timed it and scooped my calf to sweep. And a rear te for me here. Both of us playing with the hands here. I intentionally let Devin control the top of my rear hand which baited him into throwing that jab in which I slipped to the inside and it's my cross &gt;&gt; and some kick kick back to finish around. Hope you guys enjoyed yet another session with Crew Devon. Comment below if you want to see more. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. 20. Stop. [Music]