Kind: captions Language: en It's Ramsey Dwey. I'm Chef Chan and we're at the Extreme Fight Laboratory in Shanghai, China. and we're going to do some Chinese folk wrestling for us out. You might notice these these jackets. So, let's explain the rules. You can score points three different ways. If I get um like a big throw and I put Jeff on his back, but I remain standing three points. If I got to throw like maybe I'm trying one of these and any part of his body except the soles of his feet touches the floor and I remain standing. Two points. If both of us end up on the ground, but I'm on top, one point. So you can go to the ground, but you get the fewest number of points for that. What's interesting about this and what separates it from say judo is there's no sleeves. This makes a big difference because one, we end up with all the hand fighting from say freestyle wrestling instead of grip fighting that you would in the ghee. But then we have this really cool grip right here, right there. And that makes a huge huge difference being able to isolate the shoulder because now we can use other techniques like this one but with minimal power. Whereas if I try say the same technique here, Jeff could easily balance out of that and I don't have the same amount of control. This right here, that's not too much. But if I insert my hand really deep and get right up on the shoulder, then control right here on the lapel, this gives me a tremendous amount of power and control I didn't previously have. A couple of notable techniques you'll see on Schwel that you might not see in other grappling styles. Probably use J. Okay. holding on to the grips right there on the shoulder and attacking the far side plank. Here's something a lot of people don't know and they won't admit to. Size and weight matter a lot in martial arts. I'm like 105 kilos. Jeff is a little bit less. Yeah, that matters. That matters. &gt;&gt; Okay, so this first jao competitor I went with was I believe similar weight to me. I resorted to my usual double leg, but a good sprawl from him. So, I transitioned into a body lock. I thought I was going to finish a taked down here, but very strong balance and base from him. And I ended up falling backwards when going for a trip. And Uchima attempt, but I stayed balanced and I got one under hook here and then eventually double under hooks. And as I went to do a back rigger, he reversed me with a taoshi by trapping below my knee and tossing me over with his hips. Here I shot for a double. He sprawled, but I got a hold of one leg, so I went for a single leg. He did a great job at pushing my head down and reversing my takedown by grabbing my leg, lifting it up as he continued pushing my head down to the ground. This time he goes for a double leg. I shot my back to defend, and he goes for a hip throw, but I stepped out of the way and reversed his throw and arm drags a single leg here. He managed to pull his leg free, but I transitioned into another body lock. I managed to spin him down, but he popped right back up. Hanging onto that right under hook. I fle wrist control with my left hand and landed a okoshi by getting my hips under his and throwing him over. A Russian twist to try to break his grips and disengage. And on the break, I shot with my double leg, but he sprawled. He tried to spin around my back, but I squared up with him in time. And he goes for a little suicide throw here, but I maintained balance and stayed on top. He shoots again. I sprawled and re-shot for my own double leg. And as he defended, I transitioned into the body lock again, but he manages to neutralize the position. He goes for another throw, but I stood strong and tried to spin around to his back. He does a great job defending and squaring up with me. And on the break, I surprise him with one last double leg to finish around. In this next round here, I go with someone much lighter than me. You can see what Ramsey said was very true. Weight does make a big difference. Not all the time, but when you are of similar skill level, the weight helps significantly. And I was able to pull off one of the notable techniques used in Shu Xiao taught earlier by Ram Dwey and a Haray Oshi here by trapping above his knee and tossing him over with the hips. And here I tried that two-hand grip on the shoulder sleeve like Ramsey was showing earlier and I hit a little trip here. Third round I went with someone heavier than me and he also holds a BJ black belt but no experience at Shu Jiao. Honestly, the round consisted of purely grip fighting. I actually cut out like the first 3 minutes of us just fighting each other's grips until here where I finally broke his grip and disengaged using the Russian twist. And as soon as none of us were making contact with each other, I shot for my double angle. &gt;&gt; Strange Grace. [laughter] I could not break the grips. &gt;&gt; Yeah, sometimes you're going to end up with a grip you can't break. Okay. So, we are going to have to negate the grips with our own. That's the first thing cuz if you have grips and I don't, I'm toast. So, a wise thing to do is to just be patient. Get your own grips and then work for a dominant grip where I can start to unbalance. Okay, try that on me. So, I've got some I've got some grips here. &gt;&gt; So, I come inside. &gt;&gt; Yeah, come to the inside. Grab. &gt;&gt; Other thing we can do, if he's got maybe one lapel or shoulder, &gt;&gt; right, use this grip. &gt;&gt; Oh, just shoot your arm straight up around. Lift the hand up. There are a lot of uh there's a lot of content out there about breaking grips and some of it's good, some of it's better than others, but honestly, you're going to be faced with that guy and you can do like the best grip breaking technique in the world and you will not be able to break his death grips on you. But what you can almost always do is use that against him. Okay? So, here's another thing. He's got a collar grip here when I grab the armpit and stiff arm here. Control me now. And you might notice now I've got more control and I can start using this grip because now this is tight. The tighter his grip, the tighter my grip is. You try that. So I right the slack in the armpit stiff arm like punch right in there and look. Now he's got control. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And now this grip doesn't mean anything. So, it's more about negating the grips than breaking the grips. &gt;&gt; And the final round was against Ramsey Gooey. Much heavier, much stronger, and much more experienced in trade J than me. I was pretty much just a practice dummy for him. Hope you guys enjoyed this video. Let me know what other martial arts I should try in the comments below. Now, before you guys go, here's something that's been [music] a total game changer for me lately. The Fighting Fit Kettle Bell Series, a program I've been following under the guidance of [music] my strength and conditioning coach, Ben Johnson. It's focused on building strength, power, endurance, and overall athletic performance, all with just [music] one tool, the kettle bell. Whether you're training for combat sports, chasing peak fitness, or just want to feel like an athlete again, this is your foundation. If you're curious, you can find out more details in the link in [music] the description box below.