Kind: captions Language: en What's up guys? It's Jeff Chan from MMA Shredded and I've returned to Nuremberg, Germany and I'm here at the Rebels Martial Arts Festival where you can try out several different martial arts ranging from karate, judo, jujitsu, Muay Thai, sword fighting, long stick and so on. I'm personally here to teach a MMA seminar, but on my break right now I'm going to be trying some gladiator sparring. Two reasons? Okay. For one, the right arm. The right arm. It You You are right-handed, right? Yeah. Then the right arm. I'll check your wrist. Okay. For 7 years? I haven't even introduced him. Yeah. Hi guys, I'm Sebastian. I'm from the gladiator school Trier, Ludus Treverorum. I'm 27, been doing gladiator combat for about 6 to 7 years. I'm coach and part of the board of the gladiator school in Trier. And before that I did a little bit of MMA, a little bit of boxing, a little bit of BJJ, you know, the usual stuff. Well, yeah, he's going to be teaching me how to be a gladiator fighter. I'm ready. All right, let's go. Come on, Jeff. Okay. And again. Face. Shoulder. Belly. One. Two. Three. One. Two. Three. We'll go over it a little bit more and then we're going to go to the to some simple attack areas. Yeah, this is my old one. It looks icky, but it's uh fairly decently padded. Oh, good. See if you get your head in there. And then we're going to put on the chin padding. You don't have your mouth guard on. I'm about to spar a gladiator instructor with about 2 minutes of training. It'll be fine. Very good. Good distance management. If you guys are interested in in attending the next Rebels Festival event, definitely check out the link in my description box. It really is a great time where you can learn from all different types of instructors and martial arts disciplines all in one weekend. Every year they're also improving and bringing in new guest instructors and new martial arts disciplines as well. Okay, so that was extremely hard. I had thought it was actually easier than stick fighting because I had a big shield and I was able to block a lot of things with the shield, but I think the main thing for me is keeping the distance. As soon as he was able to close the distance with the shield in front and the little holes, I couldn't see the legs so he kept cutting my thighs. So as soon as he closed the distance, I was I was pretty much screwed. Keeping distance is the best way and it's actually the same way I would fight in MMA, keeping the distance. So now they're going to demonstrate them sparring so two more advanced guys. You'll get to see what it looks like when you actually know what you're doing. [Applause] [Music] K.O. And one of the common misconceptions people have is that gladiators always fought to the death or they always died. But if you think about it, you yourself, Jeff, as a professional fighter, you know how much work and time goes into it and how much money goes into it. It wouldn't make sense for someone financing a fighter if that fighter was to die in the first fight right away. What usually happened was that a fight went until one fighter was unable to fight. So cut or torn ligament, cut muscle, something like that. Or they were just unable to fight through pain and exhaustion. As fights did not have any rounds and the weapons were designed in a way that most of the times the wounds were not deadly, but just bleeding and slowly draining the fighter. In that case when someone had a lot of money, they could go ahead as a host and let the people decide. Nonetheless, the final decision was with them because having a gladiator die, you can assume that it's going to be about 10 to 20 times the cost of renting one. So it was a rare occasion which they only did did if they really wanted to be popular with the people and show them, "Hey, look at me. I have so much money so I can have the gladiators die." But eight out of 10 gladiators, at least in the time that we are displaying, did survive the fights. They did not fight that often as well. They fought about every half a year to a year usually as the wounds took time to heal. Okay, so Spartacus is like literally my favorite show. Give me your thoughts on like accurate, not accurate. Uh we have to differentiate here. The equipment is partially very nice, not always 100% on point, but very nice. Especially some helmets are decent looking and much better than the stuff that they showed in the movie Gladiator, for example. That being said, the fighting is not accurate at all. We use swords. We usually use short swords. That has the reason that back then you did not want the gladiator to die quickly or to just, yeah, get a limb amputated. You wanted a long drawn out fight. Shorter weapons, less deadly, longer fight. But this also changes the dynamic because with a weapon like this, you don't slash and hack. That doesn't make much sense in most cases. Why? Why? Because you have a very short range. It's extremely hard to get around a shield. Let me just grab a shield here. And my trusty assistant, Nicky, come over here. Face me. So simple example. He's standing here fairly well armored. Now I'm going to slash, I'm going to hack at him. He doesn't even have to do Don't even protect yourself anymore like this. A lot I don't get at him. He's usually wearing a full face helmet. So this really doesn't help a lot. Here he has to work a little bit, but even then I would have to push him again. But even then it doesn't work well. Now, same positioning. He's not going to protect himself again. I'm going to thrust. Sorry, he doesn't understand anything. You can get go up here. You can go around the shield here. And even if he protects himself a little bit, he has to push the shield a little bit. With a little bit of force, you can still go inside. The editor, so the host and the coach, wanted fights to be long drawn out. You yourself, you did want not want the fight to be super long and drawn out. You wanted to win that thing, to go home unscathed. Although that being said, gladiators, they did not fight against gladiators from other schools usually. They fought within the school. So completely different from what you are used to. Usually when you have a fight, you fight someone from a different school. You don't really face off against people from your own school. With sharp weapons, things change. Even if you have two great fighters who know exactly what they're doing, if they don't know each other, one pulls a move, the other one doesn't know. One hit, the fight is over. 20,000 people are pretty mad about going to the Colosseum for a 5-second fight. If the people know each other, if the fighter know each other, then they are a little bit used to each other and the fight draws on for a long time because they know their tricks. They need to wear wear each other down. So that's the idea behind these short weapons and why gladiators fought mostly within their own school. So on that, I would like to add one movie that I really loved where the fighting was almost on point. It's the movie Troy. It's my favorite movie. Spartacus is my favorite show. All right. Troy, great movie, love it. The fight, Achilles against Hector, has some very decent spear fighting points. Not in medieval spear fighting, but in antique spear fighting. [Music]