Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to Bad Company Gym, one of the United Kingdom's most legendary Muay Thai gyms right here in Leeds. We're going behind the scenes to meet worldclass fighters, legendary coaches, and find out what makes this place elite. And as usual, I'm going to get some sparring rounds in with these highle fighters. Welcome to my gym. All right, bro. How are you? Such a pleasure meeting you. B style. to the first one we'll start with. I like this one when people know like you've got someone stepping in a jab. Bam. Globing his face. Boom. I just boom boom. Yeah. Yeah. Boom. Boom. Yeah. Nice. The same idea. When you go out there, you can bum boom. You can go there. You might want to go bump back of the neck. Boom. Then kick that boomly out. So I can pull it down to get whip. Boom. That's it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And then next time when you've got that boom. Oh, yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Nice. That's it. And if you have got someone who's just cover it up like that, another one you can do. You got bam, bam. The next time jab, pull, and I know that's what they're going to do. Jab, land right coming past. As you pull it, step off and whip that. And boom. Deep. And you got there. Boom. the edge right on the hip. But I don't like teping there because like when you're fighting there's sweat and there's Vaseline and there's tire oil might slip off. I'm going go one, two, bam. When you come back at me, lift jab. Boom. Down to leg. Yes. Bam. Bam. Nice. First, he's ready to block now. Next one. Snap. Boom. I know he's going to block. I just pull it and I have to snatch. I'll push on the hand so he can't throw out. Bam. If you come inside and he leans back and the elbow misses, I'll end up with back over here. But if I come on the outside, if he leans back, nice. Yeah. Yeah. Nice. Yeah. Yeah. So, if you go live, if you go big, boom, lift. So, when I catch the kick and it's up there and his arms in my face, boom. Yes. Yeah, he's bleeding. I'm catching. I'm stepping. Nice. Good work. Thank you. Can I take one more photo with you? Yeah, of course. Yeah. Yeah. Let me do my hair. So, I'm here with Richard Smith, the owner of Bad Company, as well as the coach of Liam Harrison. What are your thoughts on hard sparring? I don't like hard sparring. You know, I've been in the sport um a long time. I don't really like to see people taking an awful lot of damage and punishment in the gym. There's a little bit of a place for it under control just so that the fighter knows what they're in for when they do the fight. At the end of the day, when you've done that a couple of times and you've had a few fights, you know what's coming. You don't you don't need If you're first starting out, do you think it's important to get some hard sparring rounds in to get it? No, I don't. Personally, I don't like it. I think I think I think, you know, we like we need to learn. We need to learn to enjoy. You need to play. You only learn by play really. It's like children is like babies. You learn by by playing and finding out and making mistakes. And if you're swiring hard, you can't make mistakes because you make mistakes, you're going to get knocked out. Well, we don't want that happening in the gym. I think I said to you yesterday, I don't want anybody getting CTE or brain damage on on my watch, you know, in 30 years time when I see someone who I've taught, you know, 25 years ago. um I don't want to see them drooling and not able to feed themsel and that I would feel that was my fault. So, you know, at the end of the day, I think most of that happens in the gym rather than in the fight. It's really nice to hear that cuz I personally also hate hard sparring. And it's also nice to hear from a world class coach that you don't need to do hard sparring to be a successful fighter. You can't learn because you can't try new things. You can't you can't ever do what you're not good at, you know. So, your whole family fights. You fought, your wife fought. Yeah. How many kids do you have again? I have three kids. Three kids and they all fight. That's crazy. What are your thoughts on that? Did you ever want them to focus on another career or you wanted to be fighters? I think I overco complicated it when they were young, my kids, because I was like, you don't have to do it. You don't not doing it to please me. I've done my thing. If you want to do something else, if you want to play the piano or you want to be an artist or you want to My my my only my only wish with my kids was they had something. I want them to be interested in something, you know, rather than just go home and play on the PlayStation or watch the TV. Um, if you have a passion, I think it makes you a more interesting person. And that passion doesn't have to be fighting. And for me to be proud of my kids, they wouldn't have to do the same as I do. In fact, it makes it hard sometimes. In your opinion, is it important as a coach to have fight experience to be a great coach? I think it helps because when you've been in situations yourself, you kind of know how it's feels for other people. Um, I have learned a lot more from my mistakes and I have from my successes and I'm glad that those mistakes were made with myself in the ring rather than on someone else's hopes, dreams, careers, health and all the rest of it. Obviously, the fighter is always going to eventually become more skilled and can outperform the coach. How does a coach continue to coach students that are better than them because all UFC fighters are better than their coach. So, my job as a coach is the same as my job as a parent. Um, I want my kids to be more than I ever was. I want my kids to be better than I I I ever was. And I want my fighters and my athletes to be more than I ever was and better than I ever was. And it's really important. A good coach doesn't have that kind of ego. To make somebody better than you is not diminishing you, it's it's it's growing you. If you ask somebody about Bad Company in the gym, the first person they think of is Liam Harrison, not Richard Smith. And that's how it should be. I I don't mind that. That's that's that's a good thing. I'm proud to say I've had a hand in creating that. And now I learn from Liam and I learn from the guys. You know, we learn from one another. Yeah, I'm coaching Liam, but sometimes I'll see him do something and because my mind is more on a coaching plane than his. I can think I can use that or I see my son do something clever that's come natural to him. Oh, that's what it is. I need to keep learning and I can only keep learning by either going outside and going to Thailand and training with other people or watching fights and stuff like that or from internally if my fighters get better, I get better. Yes. What is the best method of improving cardio from Muay Thai or fight? Personally, if you want to get fitter for Muay Thai, do Muay Thai, sparring, pad work, bait work, running. Hard pads. Yeah, even running. I'm not I'm not actually a huge advocate of running. I think running is good for weight loss. It's good for getting a bit strength and endurance in your legs, but I personally, if you're going to run, I think about doing sprints and fart legs and interval stuff and intensity stuff. You need to get the the energy systems for the for the the higher level intensity stuff rolling. plugging along and running. You know, if you do 10k before you train, you're going to burn more fat when you train because you've used all your glycogen stores. Um I we use assault bikes a lot in the gym. We use rowing machines a lot in the gym. It's short, sharp, tabous style stuff. In all honesty, my view on that is not for um actual bodily fitness. It's is for mental. make it as horrible and as hard as you possibly can in those situations and the fighter knows that they've been to the wall and know they can hang in on the trenches and they can can handle it. Well, thank you for your knowledge and hospitality. Thank you. I really appreciate your time. Much appreciate it.