Kind: captions Language: en [music] It's Jeff Chan and if you haven't heard already, I officially moved to Calgary, Alberta. And today I have the opportunity to get some work in with former UFC contender and current unified MMA featherweight champion, Mean Hakee. Which begs the question, how mean is Mean Hakee? He's one of those opponents where if he hits me hard, &gt;&gt; I'm not going to match his intensity. I'm just going to try to survive. [music] &gt;&gt; Is this one of those situations I should just try to avoid? Nah. So, if you didn't already know who Hakee is, he has a striking background in Muay Thai and kickboxing with an amateur Muay Thai record of 42 wins, five losses, 15 by knockout. As a professional kickboxer, he went 9-0 with seven knockouts. And finally, as a professional MMA fighter, he is currently 14 and four with seven knockouts. It was an honor to try to survive sparring him. We did five rounds. The first three rounds were kickboxing rounds. The fourth round was a MMA [music] round with boxing gloves. And the fifth round was another MMA round with MMA gloves. So, right from the start, Hakee pressures forward with a tight guard and throws fast hands. I tried to keep my distance and intercept him with my kicks, but he was fast and caught me with his high volume of strength. And a nice lead hook, rear uppercut, liver hook that almost dropped me. And a nice left hook here. Because Hakee is constantly in my [music] face, it's hard for me to play my game. It's hard for me to drop my hands and use head movement when he's constantly so close. He forced me to shell up, which is a game I'm not good at, and that allowed him to rip my body. Hakee comes up to me, helps me up, and pass me on the back. Okay, he's a pretty nice guy. That was nice of him. We reset. He gets in front of me. I tried to time an inside foot sweep, but he catches me with another solid left hook. This is what it's supposed to look like. He can tell it hurt me, so he taps gloves to show respect. And he hurt me with the same combination. Hook, uppercut, liver hook. Here he taps my lead arm into a liver hook and into a big cross that drops me. Hakee comes up to me and helps me up. That was nice of him. You can see he purposely shells up and backs away, essentially giving me a chance to get him back, but obviously I know that. So I threw a light, easy combination, and that was the end of the first round. Pretty tough first round. Round two starts the same way. Hakee pressures forward and I try to keep the distance and intercept with kicks. I also try to hit him with my favorite foot sweeps like the outside foot sweep and hip sweep. This is what the foot sweep was supposed to look like. Here's what the hip sweep was supposed to look like, but he was too strong, too balanced, two steps ahead. Beautiful combination here. Lead hook, rear uppercut to the body, another lead hook into the rear overhand, another lead hook, and then changes level and catches me with a rear uppercut. Then finishes with a quarter turn sweep and into a big kick. Hakee continues the pressure, clinches me here, and lands some nice knees. I finally land something worth breaking down. The inside low kick to a step to jab to right high kick. I got a full tutorial coming soon on how to use the AEP in boxing, Muay Thai, and MMA. Stay tuned for that. A nice jab cross here, and he clinches me again. Lands some nice knees. He felt extremely strong in the clinch. It didn't motivate me to try to go for a sweep like I normally do or try to out clinch him. So, I kind of just tried to neutralize and break free again. Because Hakee is so good at getting and fighting in the pocket, he forces me to shell up and allows him to throw whatever combination he wants at me. He stopped attacking me when I shelled and gave up, then gave me a glove tap. That's another nice guy point. Hakee continues to corner me, gets me to shell up, and rips to the body. Time &gt;&gt; round three. I started strong, backing away, keeping the distance, intercepting, but I got tired pretty quickly from Hakee's forward pressure. He gets in my face and repeats the punishment to the body. So, one major takeaway from this sparring session was that sustained offense functions as a form of defense. By constantly backing up, shelling, and looking to counter, I put myself in a reactive role and never established my own offensive rhythm. On the other hand, Hakee was able to maintain momentum by marching forward behind his attacks, controlling range, tempo, and initiative. From an energy management standpoint, applying forward pressure is also significantly less fatiguing than constantly retreating, resetting, and reacting under fire. Looking back, part of this was a confidence issue. I was very aware that Hakee has triple or quadruple my fight experience, and he's also in a heavier weight class, which made me overly respectful and hesitant to commit offensively. In hindsight, I wish I had bitten down on my mouthpiece and forced the issue more. Stepping in, making him give ground and disrupting his forward pressure, even though that's much easier said than done, especially against a bigger, more experienced fighter. Here's a neat cross block with the elbow against my cross and high kick from Hakee. He blocks my cross with his right glove and then my high kick with his elbow. &gt;&gt; Time. &gt;&gt; Round four, MMA rules. You can see our stances lower down and widen up because of takedowns. Hakee pressures forward with the high guard and instead of shelling up and letting him rip my body, I shot for my counter double leg. Zero energy left in me and I can feel his gorilla strength and his resistance. And I'll be honest, I didn't even want to gas myself further trying to keep him down. So, I disengaged. We reset. I continue to keep my distance again, but Hakee slowly creeps up and I time a double leg off his right hand again. I felt the strength and the fact that he didn't even seem tired at all and was unlikely to accept the ground. I gave up. Cardio is the most important part about combat sports, guys. And I'll admit, I've been really lacking on this department. Here's a single leg attempt, but really good defense by Hakee. And you can see my cardio fails me. So, as Hakee pressured forward with the high guard, instead of threatening with the double leg, I shelled up in a ball and he rips to my body. I slip into my cross here, followed by a long left hook, and I shot for another double egg. But Hakee sprawls hard here. He puts his weight on me, having me carry him, drain me even more, and I pretty much gave up here. Nice and light ground and pound fore until the end of the round. And final round, we switched to MMA gloves. He caught my kick, sweeps me Muay Thai style. I kicked off his hips to create space, and scrambled back to my feet. Hakee quickly got used to the timing of my double leg and was able to defend the rest of my shots. So, to conclude, I don't think he is a mean guy. He is just a scary mother effing dude. He is a full-time professional MMA fighter. Trains three times a day, 5 days a week. He works hard and fights hard. If you guys like this video, please remember to like, comment, share, and subscribe. Turn on that notification button and follow Hakee. I've linked him down in the description box below. time. [music]