Kind: captions Language: en Good frame. Yeah, that's all right. Good. Frame the head. [Music] Hey guys, it's Jeff Chan from Memory Shredded and I'm here in Vancouver, British Columbia at Impact Kraaga where they focus on BJ obviously Kraaga and fitness and I'm here with the owner and instructor Lance. Hey everybody, today Lance is going to be teaching me some Kraaga techniques and he's going to put me through some self-defense scenarios and at the end we're going to do some sparring. If you like this video, please remember to like, comment, share, and subscribe. Let's look at some reflexive defenses. So, Kromaga is pretty much based on reflex because it's usually done again from a position of disadvantage. So, we want to take advantage of your body's natural reaction. In this case, you're going to start passive, assuming always that he got caught off guard cuz we don't walk around in our stance. So, maybe I'm here and I try to strike, right? So, we want to get the habit of using this as almost an attack. So, when you're going to block, you're going to block with the same side. Yep. And instead of using a slide, we're going to use a hard block. So, it's going to be about a 90. Yeah. And you want to make sure that you attack with your body. We always think about hands, body, feet. So, being that hands are fast and accurate, body moves fairly quick, but your feet are relatively slow. So, we try to train things in that order. So, my hands are first and I lean forward. The hand that's not defending is going to be coming up automatically and hopefully having a counter. When the strike is down low to the body, imagining a stabbing motion, you want to pull your vitals away. So assuming there's a blade in my hand, the always resetting to a Yes. Yes. Chin down, shoulders up. Good. Very nice. Very good. So if I'm here, Yes. the logic, always use the closest limb to defend with. Typically, we like to do a wrapping technique if possible. If I'm punching in this direction, that's going to probably lead itself well to an over hook. If it's an underhanded attack, like I'm stabbing you this way, this would probably most likely become. So, you want to block hard. Yes, exactly. And then ramp precisely cuz if it slides, sometimes it'll just slide up. Likelihood is I've programmed myself to stab and probably stab again. So, you need to make sure you're going the right way. I hit before I can recover. You trap me. Framing the head. From here, you've got headbutts, you've got knees, you got all kinds of stuff. Yes. Good. So, if you can get that trans Yes. Exactly. Okay. Wing channel. Yeah. So, there you go. That's It's always about the weight on the weapon, right? I want to have like that big powerful weight here and then grabbing unfortunately. Yeah. That was great. That was good. Yeah. That's all right. Good. Frame the head. Yep. Exactly. It's going to be here. Be Yeah. That's it. From here, if you want, there's options, right? You get your head, butt, you get Yeah. Exactly. Step one, check. Perfect. That was amazing. Good. Do it again. Yes. Exactly. Nice. Yes. Yes. Nice. At a boy. Yes. Yes. And then break away. Bam. Nice, Jeff. Yes. Boom. Guys, Lance is a wealth of knowledge. He is a great instructor and is super detailed with his explanations. With that said, he taught me so many cool techniques in this one session that if I kept them all in this video, the video would be over an hour long. But if you are in Vancouver and you are interested in learning Kraaga, definitely visit him at impact kraaga. So this is one of the cool things about uh the training. We practice technique, try to get pretty proficient at it, and then we're like, can you perform your technique at your worst? And so we do that a few ways. We can get you really tired by making you do a ton of exercise and then put you to the test. We can disorient you by getting you dizzy, spin you around a bunch, all these different ways. Because again, at the end of the day, the system is designed to work at your worst. The idea is that you don't rise to the occasion you fall to level your training. What we'll do is we'll do a basic stress drill. Work work. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Turn. Turn around. Turn around. Put your hands down. Good. Let's go for a walk now. Get in the trunk. Get in the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Good. Nice. Yes. Break it. Okay. Leave him alone. Leave him alone. Get in the car. Get in the car now. Get in the car. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I forgot. Go. Don't stop. Don't stop. Don't stop. Just fight. Fight fight. Nice. Yeah. Nice. Good. Go. Go. Nice. Yes. Perfect. Good. Headbutt. Head. Yes. Get on your knees now. Good. Go. Nice. That was awesome, man. That was good work. That was tired. Yeah. Lot of work. That was really fun. Yeah, it's super fun. That's usually how we, you know, indoctrinate people in the system, do some stuff, put some stress into it. Good question for you. People see karma when they train against another train karma practitioner. It looks like kickboxing. What is your thoughts or opinion on that? That's probably because when you're sparring, I mean, there's only so many techniques that are relevant and that work really well because people are fainting, of course. Yeah. and there's footwork and there's space to maneuver and it's one-on-one and you start at the same time and there's all these things that go into that. Also, just the nature of sparring is we don't kick in the groin typically. We're not going to, you know, have a weapon hidden away usually. And I don't think it takes away from your self-defense skills. I think learning the slips, the rolls, the switches, all that fainting only makes you better. So, we do a lot of that stuff, too, because it's I've always enjoyed that's kind of how I started. I wasn't always a crop guy, but yeah, I don't think it takes away from it. And I think most people are going to end up looking like we're just kickboxing maybe or MMA with some takedowns and stuff, but there's only so many techniques that are that work well on the street. He wins 100%. Yeah, that's one of the things I was saying to Jeff earlier is that when you have your sparring kit on, you get this sparring mentality. When you don't have it on, all of a sudden you see things like headbutts and gouges that normally you wouldn't do. And I don't come into my mind ever when I've got my 16 oz gloves on, everything else, right? But if I have no gloves and we're training, it feels like I'm more likely to throw those nasty techniques. To finish up, can I have the honor of Let's do it. Let's do it. [Music] Cool. Heat. Heat. [Music] Sorry. rest. All right. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] All right. Heat. [Music] Nice job. Oh, thank you. [Music]