Kind: captions Language: en Hey guys, it's Jeff Chan from Emory Shredded. I'm here today with my student Herman and today we're going to be showing you my favorite move. Hey guys, it's Jeff Chan from Memory Shredded and I'm here with my student Herman. And today we're going to be showing you my favorite moves used by Max Holloway. If you like this video, please remember to like, comment, share, and subscribe. All right, this one was used against Calvinqar and probably many others. I think it was Joseé Aldo. Max is really good at pressuring his opponent and staying in front of them. So, he'll pop the jab. His opponent will step back, parry, doesn't matter. And his partner will try to counter with that right hook. He's going to step back and back in with the one two. He's really good at just making his opponent miss by just an inch. Just getting out of the way to counter. If he steps back too far, he's going to miss the punches. Plays with his hands out here. [Music] If his hands are out here, his jab comes out quicker. One, two, and one, two. It's a game of inches. Go ahead and try that out. This next one is my favorite. Super iconic. This is when Max was fighting CalvinQar. He looks at Dana White outside the cage and says, "I'm the best boxer in the UFC." Pushes off his right leg, steps forward with his left leg. So, he's filming darting across. Boom. Extends that punch, cracks Calvinqar. Cavitar still tries to count with the right hand. Now, look, his right leg slides forward cuz he's overcommitting on the punch. And as soon as that right leg lands, he pushes off and steps off to the side and dips. Yeah. And then he slips the punch. And then from here, he just does a little turn. One and two. Cross. Boom. Oh, nice check. This next one was used against Brian Ortega, Calvinqar, and probably many others. Max is on the outside. He pressures forward and he darts in with the cross as he shifts and throws his jab and cross again. So he blitz forward as he throws the straight punches. He shifts cuz it closes the distance. One, two, one or two, one, two in this case. And here, two, one, two. Push off his back foot, steps forward with his left foot as he throws across. Then he pushes off his left foot and steps his right leg forward into south ball stance as he throws the I guess cross or left straight. And then one more time. Bang. And sometimes he got his opponent, for example, Brian Ortga against the cage. And when we got here, he just lets it rip and into the body combinations. [Music] Now, before we continue, I'd like to share with you my 80 shadow boxing technique and conditioning program. There are 80 shadow boxing workouts that are broken down into five categories. Number one, boxing offensive combinations. Two, footwork and head movement. Three, offensive multi combinations. Four, muicounters. and counter the counters. And finally, five, a category I call shadow boxing challenges, which are long, exaggerated, and super fun combinations that test your flow, fluidity, and rhythm in your striking, as well as your cardio, skill, and memory. Each workout includes a detailed breakdown, followed by the following workout in both video and audio format. You will learn my full striking system from every technique to every combo, faint, fake, setup, or counter you need to know. You can do these workouts at home, at a gym, a hotel, a park, literally anywhere, anytime. For more information, check out the link in the description box below. All right, this next one was against Katar and Brian Ortega and probably many others. He throws the double jab cross. Super simple combinations used by many elite fighters. He steps in, pop. Now, every time we jab, we should step. You usually have to step in to close the distance. When I step in for the first jab, one, when I throw my second jab, I have to step again. Then I'm into that cross. And see how when I throw the cross, look, I I really pull my left shoulder back so I can extend that punch. Bam. Super simple. Go ahead and try to in your sparring. Use it to close the distance on your opponent. We All right, this one was used against Calvinqar, Max Holloway. He steps in with the jab, body jab, and cross. Super simple. I love Max Hollowway's straight punches and his volume in his strikes. So, he's out here. One, two, and three. One, two, and three. Super simple. Go ahead and try it out in your spine. All right, here's another shifting tactic used by Max Hallway used against a lot of his opponents. He's on the outside. He needs to close the distance again. So, watch. He throws the jab cross nice and long. He commits so much on the cross that his right foot slides forward. Then he steps in again. Boom. Boom. into that one, two went one, two. If I want to throw my right punch again, I need to pull back and punch again, which is too slow. So he goes one, two, one, two. He also sometimes throws the cross into the jab, jab, cross. So he's here, he throws the cross, he shifts, jab, jab, cross, which is exactly the same combination. Cross, slides forward. Now it's easy to double that same side. All right, last but not least, my second favorite moment from actually my best favorite moment, Captain Guitar or this one. I don't know which one, but this one was against Justin Gatei. I'm sure everyone knows what I'm talking about. He was winning the whole fight. He points to the ground. He said, "Let's bang, whatever. Stand and bang." They're trading punches. He stays in the pocket. He throws the right body hook, liver hook, and overhand. And down he goes. Really, it's a really simple combination. I really like to use it against taller people. I've shown you he can get up now. I've shown it in my um tactics video on how to fight taller people. Essentially, you want to throw the body body. This gets our opponent to shell up or lower down for that big overhand cut. Seconds. [Music]