Kind: captions Language: en What the happened? It's Jeff Chan and in this video I spar three rounds with Villi, a Kudo world champion. But what is Kudo? Kudo is a Japanese hybrid martial art, a form of full contact mixed martial arts with a focus on safety and practicality. According to Kudo, Ontario, Canada, it combines striking, which includes headbutts, throwing, and grappling techniques, including restraint, locks, and choke holds, and is practiced with protective head gear and gloves. Gudo is also known as Kakuto karate or combat karate. So, we warmed up with the first round using boxing gloves. A nice rear te from Villy that I caught, but Villy does a good job at freeing his leg by turning it into a sidekick. I always feel a little more comfortable wearing boxing gloves to spar, even with takedowns allowed, just because I am more confident in my control with my punches. People typically think it requires more energy to let your hands go and commit. But I think it's actually the opposite. It requires more energy to pull back on your strikes and being controlled than it is to let them swing. So with boxing gloves, I can let the hands go a little more, extend and commit more on my punches, which in return makes my strikes more threatening and making the takedowns easier to score. And as Villy step forward here, I off balance him with the inside foot sweep by hooking his calf and into a counter punch combination. And that was the end of the first round. &gt;&gt; And time. Now, round two gets more interesting because both of us are now wearing the Kudo Kimoto and switched into MMA gloves so that we can now grab onto the ghee. And we also wore the Kudo helmets so that we were able to headbutt. You can see I was having fun with it and went straight forward, grabbed the collar tie and tried some headbutts. I was a bit gunshy at first, falling short on my headbutts. Then Villy got me with one and I loosened up and got him back with a headbutt. Then a nice knee to the face from Villy. You can see he was able to pull me down using the grip of the ghee. And another headbutt from me. A nice judo throw from Villi by pulling down on the collar tie with his right hand and trapping my ankle with his right foot as he did a quarter turn. Now, because I also had a collar tie as I scrambled to my knees, I was able to pull up on the collar tie and pull him onto his back. I knew it wasn't practical to headbutt from the top, nor would it do any damage, but I was just having fun with it. And Lily kicks me off to stand back up. Both landing our jabs here and an inside low kick from me into some head movement to dodge his three counter punches. And I blitz in with a boxing combination. And he catches me with a check left hook here. And a left kick from me that he evades. And a fake right hook into my double leg from me. And a beautiful reversal by Billy using his right butterfly hook to elevate me as he hit the ground. And using his grip on the collar die to post so that he was able to do a technical lift. You can see wearing the Kimoto really does make a difference. The grips help a lot. And a nice check left hook from Villy as I try to blitz in with a boxing combination. Villy moves in on me and I tied up landing another headbutt and he gets me back with that sneaky knee to the face again. And another two headbutts for me. And here's something interesting and new for me. A toe tip from the clinch. And I get him back with a long knee and another headbutt. There's a lot to constantly keep an eye out for. It's either elbows, punches, knees, headbutts, and now even straight kicks in the clinch. Villy blitz in again and ties up with me and I went straight for some uppercuts and into some headbutts. follows up with the judo throw. And that was the end of the second round and final round. We did a MMA style round. Villi catches my low kick here and into a takedown. I transition straight into Kg Guard, which he was able to sprawl out of, but I went for it again and into the matrix and attacked for a heel hook. Okay, he hook heel hook is a life we don't do. Sorry, but that's okay. &gt;&gt; So, in Kudo, you're actually not allowed to do heel hooks, so I should have been disqualified. Lily pulls back against my left hook here and into his cross, but I cross period and into my check left hook. a calf kick instead of a low kick. Here you can see that Villy tried to catch it again, but it's a lot harder to catch calf kicks versus thigh kicks as it's much lower. And just as I say that, I threw a thigh kick to the inside and Billy catches it again and takes me down. Right away, I transition into Kg Guard again. This time I scramble to my knees and took him down. And another cross parried to left hook for me here. Definitely one of my best moves. I also did it multiple times in the first round as well. And here I caught his left ranos kick and into a single leg takedown. A scissor kick from Villy and I return one. Villy catches it, but I turned it into a teepee to free my leg. And that was pretty much the end of the round. Hopefully you guys enjoyed seeing the different rule sets. Make sure to watch the last bit of this video as Villy tells me what I did well in it and what I could have done better. Also definitely check out his YouTube channel. I've linked it in the description box below. &gt;&gt; What you thought was good, different, what I could do better. The difference like you can have a pretty good counterattacking style. You're very good of catching the right moment when the opponent is coming with to you. So catch with the jab and the hook. It's perfect. Usually my myself is very similar. Always when the guys enter try to catch with the front hook. This works a lot and your kicks is very good because you when you are kicking you are hiding yourself and not exposing you know when you do kick in the third position but it's easy to catch and go and you do fake and then go. &gt;&gt; But you were good at catching my kick and taking down. I think you took me to that down two to three times by catching a kick. Yeah, because we are used to catch kicks and kudo you know and pretty pretty much you are working on that. &gt;&gt; So sometimes it's the reflex is now working on that particular time and you are very good stepping in stepping out but in kudo what you should do is hitting more combinations &gt;&gt; you starting and then escalate more punches kicking then go back. It would be more like &gt;&gt; you were telling me how headbutt I was doing it wrong. I was doing this. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Headbutt is always when you put your chin next to your shoulder &gt;&gt; and you start hitting with the top of your head. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And you start hitting like that you know. &gt;&gt; So I was hurting myself. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So probably in the street fight you going to hurt yourself but uh in kudo you still want to knock make a knock. So the naga power is comes here &gt;&gt; top. This is like it's moving still when you punch that shield is moving. So it gives you some observation and when you hit with the top of the head there is only small piece of like uh like protecting very small piece your head. So when you hit with a headbutt this part immediately could be a knockout. &gt;&gt; I see. &gt;&gt; And there in Japan there were many times when the guys were knocked out with their head butts only. &gt;&gt; I see. &gt;&gt; They start punching bum b and they b going into into the chin. &gt;&gt; Well thank you so much for your time. Uh if you happen to be living in Lithuania and you haven't checked out Billy's gym, &gt;&gt; you can find me on the Instagram Billy Kudo or YouTube channel Kudo Life. And we are based in Konas, Lithuania. We have a good gym. We got a good good guys. Jeff knows. &gt;&gt; So just come in. Whatever you want, we will agree you. Thank you. [Music]