Kind: captions Language: en For those that have been following me for a while, you probably think I have somewhat of a weird fight style compared to other martial artists you've seen. And apparently I have developed a reputation for that weird style. For those who are new to my channel and it's your first time watching me spar, you probably think I have a karate background. I've been told I have a super wide stance and sometimes I keep my hands very low. It is funny because a Thai trainer in Bangkok, Thailand would make fun of me and imitate my wide stance. Hi there. How are you? Okay, you look at me. My Muay Thai friends would also make fun of me and imitate my wide stance. But for those who know me personally from when I first started training or if you have been subscribed to me since day one, you would know that I actually started with a very traditional Muay Thai style. Bakao was and still is a big idol of mine and I tried to copy his high guard walk down your opponent style and threw a lot of locics. I was also heavily influenced to throw locs from watching Joseé Aldo. I also watch Japanese K1 superstar Masato a lot. So naturally I developed a Dutch style, lots of punches into Lokix. But after years of sparring and fighting like that, I got tired of being a tough guy shelling and taking all those shots to the head. I also started worrying about CTE. And finally, because I was transitioning into MMA, I realized I didn't want to use the high guard to shell against punches with 4 oz gloves. You can see that back then I used the high guard a lot, and I would have that weight shifted on my rear foot and light on my lead foot. And I also threw a lot of Dutch style low kick combinations. [Applause] The shell guard also made it very difficult to keep the distance and I would keep getting taken down. So just like we have our Muay Thai and kickboxing idols, we have our MMA idols. I watch a lot of Leo Machita, Wonderboy, Steven Thompson, Michael Venom Page, all who have a karate background and use that wide stance/handsown approach which allows for fast footwork and distance control. I also copied karate's blitz style punches. In boxing and Muay Thai, it's common to see a combination start with a jab because to hit your opponent, you first need to close the distance by stepping in with the jab. But in karate, we see a lot of combinations start with the cross instead of stepping in with a jab, then throwing the cross. You're going to use the same footwork you use to step in with a jab, but instead throw the cross. I personally call it a dart in cross. And ever since I started playing around with the dart and cross, I never stopped. It's been an essential move for surprising my opponent, closing the distance, setting up other attacks and getting in to hit and getting out without getting hit. The darting cross is great because it's so long, but it does require you to commit so much that sometimes you lose balance or fall out of stance after throwing it, which is how I naturally started combining it into a combination with my double step low kick. A combo I learned from one of my Muay Thai coaches, crew, Devon Henry, who was helping me transition to MMA at the time. I remember him explaining that in MMA you don't need to throw as many big combos like you would do in kickboxing where they shell more often allowing you to throw such a big combo and that in MMA throwing single or two strike in-n-out combos can be very effective especially when you're wearing those 4o ounce MMA gloves. The doubles that look allows me to exit out after overcommitting on my punch. Now although I took a lot from karate I disliked how karate fighters threw their kicks. They were too snappy and had less power than a Muay Thai round kick and didn't generate enough recoil for you to return into your stance. So, I continued to use mainly Muay Thai style kicks. You don't see me throw any of the other fancy kicks you see from karate like crescent kicks, spinning heel kicks, axe kicks, tornado kicks, scissor kicks, and so on. In fact, I find those really, really difficult and was never actually taught how to throw any of them. However, what's more effective and also easier for me is sticking with your traditional Muay Thai roundhouse kicks to the leg, body, head, teps, long knees, clinch knees, or even flying knees. I have however started to work on my sidekicks and spinning back kicks. Now, if you guys are interested in learning how to fight or spar just like me, but can't find the time or opportunity to come train with me in person, I highly recommend you check out my 50 heavy bag technique and conditioning program where I teach my full striking system through 50 different heavy bag workouts. It focuses on developing technique, power, cardio, balance, rhythm, flow, and fluidity in your striking. Each round of every workout includes a detailed breakdown followed by the follow workout in both video and audio format. You'll be learning more than just offensive combinations, but footwork, head movement, counters, fakes, faints, setups, and more. For more information, check out the link in the description box below. So, back to what I was saying, my defensive techniques have also remained the same, using Muay Thai techniques to defend punches and kicks. The only difference is I have combined them together with karate's footwork and wide stance. I will use the long guard to maintain at least two arms distance away from my opponent. If my opponent gets any closer, I will back away with footwork to maintain that same distance. If I do not, I will be too close to be able to read and react to a strike unless I shell up, which I try to avoid doing. Again, if I do shell up, I may block the strike coming, but I would most likely get taken down in MMA, as shown earlier in this video. You'll see that I still defend and counter kicks the same way a Muay Thai fighter would. For example, Baka's signature move of brushing or undercatching the left body kick and into a big lever hook. My goodness, or catching the kick and into a sweep. I also still counter punch the way a Muay Thai fighter would by pairing the punches and throwing Muay Thai style roundhouse kicks or knees. I've always been a big kicker and boxing would be my weakness. And although my boxing is still not the best, I would say I started to develop my boxing through watching guys like Robert Whitaker, Max Hallway, Conor McGregor, Alex Bolganoski, Israel Adisagna, Anderson Silva, and many, many more to name. But the key concept you'll notice in the way that all these guys punch is that they keep their lead hand further out and they also keep their hands by the hip or chest level. Punches are harder to see coming as they come from a different angle. Punches are also more powerful from the hips or chest and less telegraphed as people expect a punch coming from the chin. And finally, because the lead hand is further out from the face, unlike your typical boxing style guard, the jab comes out a lot quicker. The bouncy footwork from Karate really helps you explode off your rear foot and step in with a jab. Although Peter Yan uses the high guard and has a complete different style than the fighters I just mentioned, I learned how to really extend and overcommit on my straight punches from watching him. When he punches, he commits so much that he cannot stop his rear foot from sliding forward, which allows him to shift and close more distance, which is extremely necessary against guys who know how to keep the distance. I then started watching a lot of Dominic Cruz, which inspired me to use a lot of head movement. Another thing that Dominic Cruz does when he punches is he takes his head way off center line, which happens to be how karate fighters throw their blitzing punches. By taking your head way off center line, you can exit off and evade a counter punch much more easily. I then started watching a lot of TJ Dillisha and Carlos Condit, which inspired me to dip my head down when throwing high kicks. I really related to the idea because I lack the flexibility in my hips and legs. The lower you bring your head, the higher you can bring your leg up. Also noticed that when I am dipping my head, I am also punching the body, hoping my opponent drops their guard so we can kick the head. I realized another thing I wanted to have that karate fighters had, but Muay Thai fighters didn't was flexibility. Muay Thai fighters, at least from my experience, rarely stretch. Karate guys focus a lot on stretching. I know former karate practitioners who haven't trained in years who are still more flexible than me. I then made a huge commitment to stretch every day. I believe it's been about three years now that I've stretched every single day. And the funny thing is those former karate practitioners I know are still more flexible than I am. Unfortunately, I do believe that stretching when you were young plays a huge factor in flexibility. If you never did as a kid, it makes it significantly more difficult to get flexible. Now, at the end of the day, how I choose my guard and stance is really dependent on my opponent's strengths and weaknesses. I think being able to adapt to your opponent is very important. For example, if my opponent is bigger and maybe slower, I will use a karate style stance to move in and out and utilize my speed to hit and make them miss and repeat. On the other hand, if my opponent is faster and is better on the outside, I will resort back to my Muay Thai style, pressure forward, and walk them down with knees or get into the clinch. Usually guys who are faster than me are my height or shorter, which then makes it easier for me to clinch or throw long knees. Finally, a very controversial topic is head movement. Of course, I am not going to be bobbing and weaving my head against guys who stand tall in a Muay Thai stance and throw a lot of kicks and knees. Their stance is not for punching, it's for kicking. I would look to close the distance and try to take them down. And if it's striking only rules, I think I'd look to punch with more volume and blitz in and out with punches. On the other hand, if my opponent is a boxer and throws a lot of punches, that's when I would play around with more head movement. So, to sum it all up, I developed my style first starting with Muay Thai. Then, as I transition to MMA, I learned BJJ and wrestling, then continued to improve my game by learning some karate, judo, boxing, gondo, and even some krab magga. As already mentioned, bigname fighters that heavily influenced my style were Bcau Masado, Wonderboy Thompson, Robert Whitaker, Alex Vulcganowski, Israia, Dominic Cruz, TJ Dillisha, Max Holloway, Jose Aldo, Peter Yan, and many, many more. Finally, shout out to all my coaches. Fred Stonehouse, Devin Henry, Nick Castiglia, Mark Holse, Frazzahhabi, and Xavier Aloe. [Music]