Kind: captions Language: en [music] &gt;&gt; In this video I visited Team Underground MMA in London, UK where I got to spar 21-year-old prodigy Freddy Haggerty who currently competes for One Championship. Yes, he is the younger brother of One Bantamweight Kickboxing World Champion Jonathan Haggerty. You'll quickly see he's got a very similar style to his brother, really cool and tricky stance switch tactics, and always catching me with that teeth the same way Jonathan Haggerty does it. So, here's the first one he catches me with. He steps his lead leg back to dodge my kick, and as soon as it lands, he launches that same leg into a rear teeth. Here's a hand trap immediately into my cross. This has to be done fast. I have a split second to land my cross while his lead hand is away from his face. Freddy gets me with another teeth here. He switches his stance to fake a left kick, switches back into his regular stance, and chambers that rear leg into a teeth. I get him back with my own rear teeth, then fake my rear teeth by lifting my rear knee up and into an outside low kick. A stance switch from me here to fake a kick and into my right overhand as I step back into orthodox stance, and Freddy counters with a lead right kick. We tie up here and I neutralize the position with inside palm on bicep and disengage. Freddy blitz forward with some punches. I parry and tie up again, and into a little Muay Thai dump by stepping my leg beside his knee and buckling his knee as I push him over my knee. And an inside foot sweep. He gets me with the same move a third time. He steps his lead leg back into the opposite stance as I move forward to punch, and as soon as it lands, he fires that rear teeth. Here Freddy does a pendulum kick to my outside rear thigh, then he switches his stance as he jumps into the direction of my rear thigh again, faking that low kick. You can see I lifted my rear leg to check, and he goes up high with the kick instead. Then as his lead leg retracts back into the opposite stance, now becoming the rear leg, he launches that teeth again, catching me for the fourth time. Freddy brushes my left kick here and into a beautiful jumping spinning back kick, and another hand trapped to cross. Just like how he keeps getting me with that same back step into the rear teeth, I keep getting him with the hand trapped to cross. If it works, keep doing it. You'll see later I use this as a way to set up my high kick. And a nice quarter turn sweep by Freddy. Because Freddy kept bouncing his lead leg up to check, I faked my kick into my superman cross and kicked the inside rear leg. Freddy catches me again with that teeth. This time I caught his leg, went for the sweep, but good bounce from Freddy. It takes more skill to finish a sweep when trying to not add power to your strikes, so instead I transition into a liver hook to double step low kick, and another hand trapped to cross. I followed up with a left kick, but he brushes it and into a cartwheel kick, but I shoulder roll. A nice left kick to intercept my cross here. Whenever you get hit, try to hit back to try to even the score, so I kick the back standing leg. All of Freddy's stance switching got me switching my stance too. Here, into my right hook followed by a left hook. We tie up and I swim my arms in straight for inside bicep control, pushed off and into a body kick, and as Freddy moves forward, I intercept him with a lead teeth to the body, two teeth to the thigh, and a rear teeth to the body again. Here Freddy catches me with a nice lead high kick. You can see I went to block and under catch, but the angle in which he threw the kick came forward and inside my guard, catching my chin instead of around my neck where my rear arm was blocking. Another hand trapped to my cross. When your opponent extends your lead arm, it's a great time to trap it and punch. Again, you'll see me use this to set up my high kick. I believe it's coming up soon. Now, if you're looking to improve your defense, learn how to use the long guard, and get better at seeing and reacting to strikes, sign up for my free striking defense mini course in the link in the description box below. A nice back and forth kicking exchange here, but Freddy wins the exchange by finishing with the sweep. And I get him back with my own sweep. So, as I was saying earlier, I kept pulling down his lead arm immediately into my cross. This time I hand trapped and faked the cross, and then into my cartwheel kick. And he gets me back with another lead high kick. Again, you can see I had my rear hand up, tried to under catch it, but the angle in which he threw the kick came forward and inside my guard instead of around to the neck. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Here's a nice shoulder roll from Freddy to evade my right high kick. Here's a really tricky fake. Freddy fakes a back fist, then fakes a left straight, then into a left hook as he steps forward into the opposite stance. And I get him back with a fake jab into a lead hook. A nice counter lead teeth here. I blitz forward with my punches and we tie up, and I quarter turn sweep him. Finally, I want to give a quick shout out and thank you to Charlie from Optimal Gear. He's the one that connected me with Freddy and hooked us up with the fight where we were both wearing. Hope you guys enjoyed this little sparring breakdown. If you like this video, support me by liking, commenting, sharing, subscribing, and turning on that notification button. &gt;&gt; [laughter] [laughter] &gt;&gt; Thank you so much. Thank you. &gt;&gt; [music]