Kind: captions Language: en So you Cho. Now, before we continue, back in 2022, I released my first head movement program. Thousands of you joined in, and it was one of my most popular courses. But since then, I've learned a lot, refined my teaching, and wanted to [music] make something even better. So, now I've built the new head movement, countering, and evasive defense program. Think of it as the 2.0 [music] version. It includes everything from the first program, but I've added more. The program teaches step-by-step on how to develop a strong [music] defensive foundation through footwork, distance management, and blocking, which will help transition into strong head movement. You'll be learning over 130 techniques from footwork to blocking [music] to head movement patterns, exits, counters, head movement combinations, hand control [music] bait tactics, and finally live drills to train it under pressure until it's second nature. Going up against the opposite stance can be very different. So this time the program comes in four versions. Orthodox versus orthodox, orthodox versus southpaw, southpaw versus southpaw, and southpaw versus orthodox. The goal is simple. help you save your brain while having fun and fight or spar with the same slick evasive style you see at the highest levels of MMA, Muay Thai, and boxing. If you're ready to level up your defense, hit the link in the description box below. In this video, I visited M23 Boxing Gym in Shanghai, China, where I got to spar three pro boxers. The first fighter here is Wua, known for his explosive power and knockout ability. The second round was with a fighter called Sun Bohow, known for a good head movement and footwork, as well as having that really slick style. And finally, the third round will be with Blake, known for his high fight IQ and being a really good in the pocket fighter. I hope you guys enjoy watching how I try to keep up with the different styles of boxing. There we go. [music] Heat. Freestyle wrestling. Holy Hey, what's up? Sorry about that. There's my Oh, another shoulder door. Heat. Heat. Heat. 3. Thank you. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Okay. Thank you. [music]