Kind: captions Language: en In this video I visited Superlek Muay Thai gym in Bangkok, Thailand where I got to spar Superlek, the kicking machine. He is the one flyweight kickboxing champion, the one bantamweight Muay Thai champion, and former two-time Lumpinee Stadium champion. So, one thing you'll notice is yes, he kicks a lot and he's extremely good at it, but he doesn't do anything fancy. He's just really fast with it and times it very well. He probably got me with a lead teep more than 50 times in this sparring session. And here's that lead teep of his. You'll see he takes a subtle step forward with his rear foot to load up the left leg and he snaps out that teep. I noticed that with his teeps and low kicks he will not set them up. He's just so fast and good with his timing that he can land it clean. But you'll see later that he uses these kicks to set up his hands a lot. With the right roundhouse kick to the body, I noticed he always sets it up with the left hook. In this situation, a double left hook. And another low kick, no setup, just fast and he times the low kick when I plant my leg to the ground. And here's a nice body cross, hook to the head, followed by a cross. So, he now starts to set up his hands with all the kicks he's throwing at me. He steps his rear leg forward as if he's going to set up a kick, but he steps down into southpaw and into a left cross. Now here he lifts his lead knee up to fake a lead teep. You can see I went to brush it, but he throws a jab instead. I was able to parry. I tried to counter with my left hook, but he had his right hand up to block. He hops forward with his lead knee up to fake a lunging lead teep and into a hook to body cross. And here he sets up his right body kick with a hook again. He throws a body cross into a left hook into the right body kick. Superlek throws that lead teep again into a jab, then from here transitions right into a hand trap by pulling my lead arm down and into a cross. Another body cross hook to right body kick, but this time he follows up with a superman punch to a rear teep. And one two for me and double lead teeps from Superlek and a big liver hook. I've pretty much been a punching bag Superlek this whole round, but here's a move I learned from one strawweight champion, Prajanchai. I threw my right hook as I stepped my rear leg forward into southpaw stance to create an angle, then into a hammerfist stabbing motion punch to the middle of the stomach and immediately into a hammerfist style uppercut. And Superlek walks me down and into a body cross hook cross combination. And here's a another new combination I've been working on, the jab inside low kick into an A-step followed by a jab in southpaw stance and into a right high kick. The angle is hard to see, but good thing this was caught on the phone in a different angle. I'll be making a tutorial on how to use the A-step for Muay Thai in an upcoming soon. And an up jab that I parried. Superlek follows up with a cross hook cross and as I circle to his right, he throws a big right kick. Here's a lead hook. Superlek lifts his lead leg to check and I doubled the left punch to the liver, which caused Superlek to drop the check and I landed the low kick. And a beautiful knee. Now's the end of round one. Time. Round two, he splits my guard with a jab and into his lead teep. All his teeps are really taking effect on me. I'm constantly getting fainted out. A double jab here from me and into a palm forward facing hand trap into my cross followed by my left kick. And a double lead teep to the thigh to keep Superlek back. Superlek marches forward and as I extend in my arm, he hand trapped my lead arm palm facing backwards into his cross. He is really good at getting super close to me for punching. So close that I am unable to see and react to his strikes. And another jab inside low kick to A-step to jab right high kick. I didn't even realize I landed this one with my toes until I started editing this video. And a body cross left hook to right body kick combination from Superlek. This time I was ready for it. More teeps from Superlek. Honestly, he was just so fast and long with them that I kept getting hit even though I tried to brush them. Then he sets up his punch with the teep again. He lifts his lead knee up and steps down into a left hook. [Music] Lead uppercut to cross to low kick here and I tried the A-step to high kick again, but this time Superlek blocked it. Here's a combo I learned from Jawad El Mamoudi in Shanghai to split open the guard. A rear punch to the arm or body to open up the guard followed by a rear hammerfist style uppercut. The body punch almost ricochets off the arm and into the uppercut. And I tried the Prajanchai combination again, missed the body punch, but landed the left uppercut. Superlek checks my right body kick here and I kick under his checking leg and a nice fake lead teep into a nice stiff jab by Superlek again. And another beautiful lead teep by Superlek pushing me against the ropes. More lead teeps from Superlek. He fakes that teep again and into the left hook, but this time I was ready to block. Every time someone leans back against my left high kick, I immediately explode off my rear foot and step in with a jab cross. Because he keeps lifting his legs up to teep, I didn't know if he was going to teep, punch, or knee. This time he lands another nice knee. And this time lifts his lead knee up and back to a jab. I get him back with it. Lifted the lead knee up and into my jab cross. And another missed left kick into my jab cross. Time. And that was the end of round two. Here's round three. If you guys are interested in my free striking defense course where you'll learn how to defend strikes using the long guard, how to counter using the long guard, as well as some head movement, you can access it for free by clicking the link in the description box below. Left hook to right body kick again and a double low kick I learned from Liam Harrison. And Superlek gets me back with a nice low kick and I counter with a jab cross that splits through the guard. And another low kick. And another low kick, but I kick back. For those that are wondering, it's not that I don't know how to check, it's just that he's so fast that I'm not reacting in time. So, usually when I don't see it coming, I'll at least fire back with my own low kick. Teep here and a hand trap to cross for me and because I turned my chest and take my head off center line so much, I was able to move away from his left body kick and chopped his standing leg. A rear teep from me that Superlek reflex and thankfully he pulled back on a very big knee that could have landed. And I failed another A-step to high kick. And Superlek lands more low kicks on me. Another counter I'll use if I don't see the kick coming is fire back immediately with the cross. And a fake teep to left hook to right body kick. As Superlek went for a left hook here, I got under into a hip sweep. You can hear Superlek jokingly said foul cuz he's training for a kickboxing fight against Ukioza and no sweeps allowed. A rear body punch to the arm to split open the guard for the right uppercut again. Kick kick back and into a hook cross uppercut cross. Time. And final round. Superlek pressures forward and walks me down. Here I fake my rear teep. Superlek goes to brush it and I threw a low kick instead. Lead teep lands again here, but I brushed the second one and into my low kick. I really started copying Superlek by faking my teeps and into other attacks. I fake a skip teep here. As Superlek dropped his hand to brush, I threw my left kick. And again into my jab to inside low kick, but Superlek defends. Every time I land that cross, he kicks me back with that teep. And again. And again. Superlek fakes the right teep again and into a beautiful left knee. Left hook to right body kick again. I went for another hand trap of my own and into a cross, but Superlek slips the cross and into a right high kick. That would have been nasty. I went for that same combination I learned from Prajanchai here. Right hook as I step into southpaw, stabbing punch to the body followed by a hammerfist uppercut. And Superlek eats my calf kick here and lands a nice right hand. And a basic jab hook cross for me. And that's pretty much the end of the session. Hope you guys enjoyed this video. If you did, please support me by liking, commenting, subscribing, and turning on that notification bell. &gt;&gt; Time. [Music]