Kind: captions Language: en All right, round one. So, I like how we're both You're really good at hollowing out on the low kicks. Yeah. Do I dodging? Yeah. Just that little that little pull back. I don't like checking unless I'm backing away. Yeah, cuz you're wide stance. Yeah. Nice catch there from you. The low kick. You're good at the low kick exchange, too. I think one of the most successful things I had was the body cross. Yeah. Every time I throw a body punch, you um you hit you do like a check left hook. Look cool, but it didn't you you saw it. You moved. That's good. Cross. I always do best when I when I diversify the techniques. I think maybe a little bit too over and over with the same thing right now. But see, in the other one, I go the rear body hook. You always hit me with the left hook. Yeah. You through the years, you figure out what you are successful at. And something that I found I'm good at is finding the little holes in combos to to to throw that counter. Yeah. So, whenever I'm sparring guys with like super tight guards like you, it's like I don't even try to hit the face cuz it's it's a tight guard. Yeah. And obviously we're we're light and controlled so I'm not going to try to split it through. So, really it's just the body shot and then when I hit the body shot, you cut me. So, I really got a low kick once in a while, a body kick once in a while, and peeling down the guard. Yeah, the peeling down the guard room is good. And that's not something that I have anybody do very frequent. So, for me, I was kind of like, "Oh, this is new." Oh, that's good. Nice left hook. Oh, I surprised I got you with that one. Yeah, that was that was my stance was too wide, I think. Um, find it hard when you're compromised for at least for me when I'm wide. Mhm. Such I'm such a big fan of the that tight Dutch guard where it doesn't always work, but I feel like the tight guard's great for for kickboxing. For Yeah, with the big gloves. As soon as you have MMA gloves, not so great. Yeah, you're really fast with the hands. As soon as I shell up, it's like good balance. another body shot and then you counter with that cross. It really prevents me or like makes me hesitate to throw the body shot. And like I said, the only thing I feel you're open, not even open, but the only thing I feel like I can even try to hit is the body. Wise on that one though. Yeah. And then that comes back to to my strategy where I was telling you before like get a strong body. So I don't care. And like if I don't care about your body shots and my elbows are a little high, I'm not too worried. But then I can protect my head, which I still haven't figured out how to condition. Nice one that sneaks through. I'm just I'm always hunting for the left body hook. I don't care if it's off a combo or if it's just straight into it. I love the flying knee and knees in general when people shell up. But I didn't I didn't want to That was a nice combo. I didn't want to try to knee cuz I feel I found a hard time kneing someone that's taller. All right, this is round three, I think. Not even sure who to watch here. There's Yeah, good good distance control. Yeah, my issue is once I uh once you do close that distance, I got to work my my my shell game where you go like crazy like dominant cruise and you just go all around the place all the time. I guess that's the alternative, but that's the alternative. But like you said, there's um the ring is smaller, right? And and my strategy is when someone gets close to me, I like to shoot for that double A. And then I'll keep the distance again. Keep the distance. They get frustrated. They get close. They get close enough to shoot for the double leg. Back to long long. But then um when I'm in a ring, like good thing I wasn't in a ring. I would have it would have been even more worse for me. Yeah. I love I love the ring. Getting somebody's back to the ring rope, stretching them up. So the body shots there and then you just let your hands go. Yeah. Like a little stutter that you do there. It's kind of like you start running towards me with micro steps. I call it like the salsa dance. Salsa dance. Yeah. It's just one of those things. You don't see it, so you're kind of like, "Oh, I freeze." Yeah. But once you know it, then then it's not that effective. But I do it for fun, you know. Inside low when you're really good at it, too. Have you seen the guy that like does the inside foot sweep followed by the knee? I think it was like a line right knee after as he's falling. that distance like that that that little side te I can usually just get people standing right there and bump them back because your foot works so good. It just never I don't think I landed it once the whole time. The side kick. Uh yeah, like the tie I call it a tie side kick comes like a front kick and then you turn it at the end. Round four. So another thing is you don't play my game. I love to drop my hands but you don't punch. You know you do punch but you don't punch when I want you to punch. You punch when you get close, but once you close that distance, I'm not going to drop my hands anymore. Yeah. Like I know right there I double jab and I know if I throw the cross, you're at that range and you have that understanding. So I got to wait and basically throw what you don't want me to throw. And that's often what I'm what I'm trying to do and wait for you to not be where you want to be. [Music] Do you throw much calf kicks? I don't just because they're so easy to hurt people. Oh, in a fight I would try. But yeah, um, in general, I've thrown them a couple times in sparring and realized like how easy somebody can get hurt. No, I'm not sure. Not going to do that. [Music] That's what I forget to do sometimes. So, where where I pull like when I let combos go and you do so well. What What did you even do there? A jab inside. One, two. Right. Yeah. And it's just I I tell people all the time it's as much as you can. Switch levels and switch angles. The more you can diversify. Can't defend everything. There's no way. That's a good one there. Oh yeah, that was a fast lift hook. You know how much these Onyx clothes cost? Those gloves that you're wearing? Yeah. Like 400. But they Yeah. The straps keep coming off like And the straps just keep coming off again. Your body. Yeah. And good flying knee. Once you catch on to somebody, it's so easy to get up to head level. That was quick. Pun. Yeah, I like that. You like to throw the overhand into that jab. I call it a corkcrew. I don't I don't come too wide. I try as the shot comes to keep it as tight to yours as you can so you can't see it. M. So, what advice would you give me? Well, yeah. I mean, stylistically, we're so we're so different and for me to be like, "Oh, try and fight like me." But in general, I would say um the biggest thing is once I get to you covering up, you don't counter. So I felt like a couple times like I'm just going to back away um because I could stay here for too long. So yeah, the the more you started countering and when you did, it gave me more of a reason to stop punching. I got to work that uh that shell game. You like the distance. So you're always you're really good at countering off the slips and countering when you have the right range. But yeah, from from that tighter zone, it's a reason to stop me from just going. Okay, this is when it the the battery died. You could have followed up. Thank you for [Music] not my last round. Let's Let's use some energy here. Flying me. I don't find that flying knees in the fancier techniques are is too tiring. Mostly because I'm not worried about counters. And for me, that's where the extra tension and fatigue comes in. Like in there, if I'm like, "Oh man, I got to get ready for you to throw back." But on a flying knee, I'm like, "I'm so high. I don't care." Fair. Fair. Yeah. Again, with that corso jab. Nice shoulder roll. One of the things I learned throughout the years is when somebody tags you, just poker face. No acknowledgement. Just keep going. That's I feel like such a a benefit in a fight. Somebody like touches gloves or or winces or does anything, I'm like, "Yeah, I find even a nice one. Even with the high guard, I can just keep that body protected enough that it's not a big deal." You know, a lot of people think that a high guard means that you're going to get hit to the body every time somebody attacks it, but I haven't found that to be the case. Oh, that's 3 minutes. [Music]