Kind: captions Language: en [Music] In this video, I taught a seminar at Triac Academy in Portland, Connecticut. The head coach and owner, Matthew Briers, teaches his students the Triac system. It is a methodology of combining many styles to train students based upon their goals and natural instincts. These guys have a mixture of Japanese jiu-jitsu, boxing, American kickboxing, Filipino martial arts, wrestling, and BJJ. Some of his students are pro MMA fighters. For example, this first round here is with undefeated pro MMA fighter Cameron Resni. If you are a grappling based fighter like Cameron, he is focused on learning how to defend and enter using striking. We kept it striking only for the sparring. So Cameron was unable to showcase those skills, but you can check out his fights if you search him up. Nice. Second round here is with an amateur MMA fighter. He has very very heavy hands and a very strong base. Every time I tried to tie up with him, my techniques were not working. He actually won his first fight with a big right punch knockout. Now, if you guys are interested in improving your head movement, check out my head movement program where you'll learn over 80 basic and advanced head movement techniques and patterns, follow over 30 live drills, and save your brain by becoming more evasive and take less damage to the head. For more information, check out the link in the description box below. [Applause] Wow. [Applause] Round three. He was obviously the shorter fighter and also a wrestler. So, his goal was to try and close the distance on me while I had to keep my distance and intercept him coming in. Again, we only did striking rounds. So, he was at a disadvantage not being able to wrestle. This is the There you are. Round four. I've sparred with a lot of people with different styles all around the world, and this was something very new and interesting for me. His blend of training Japanese jiu-jitsu was really apparent here, as he threw a lot of hammer strikes from all different angles and caught me a few times. [Music] Only [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] youngies. leg up forever. for inherit. Round five against a very long fighter with a very unorthodox style. One of the hardest styles to deal with for me personally. I'm alone You're busy. I guess I feel like Round six. Another heavy-handed fighter in Southwest Dance. So, I really look for that rear body kick. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Now we [Music]