Kind: captions Language: en Hey guys, it's Jeff Chan from Memored and I'm here with my strength conditioning coach Ben and today he's going to be showing us three of the best kettle bell exercises for MMA. Okay, so these movements are not for beginners. Okay, these are three advanced explosive, highly highly ballistic movements using the kettle bell that are really, really appropriate for martial artists. Now, if you want to learn some of the basics before you get into this stuff, check out the link below. We built a whole program for beginners, for intermediates, where you can learn the fundamentals so you can work up some of the crazy stuff we're going to show you right now. Okay. Advanced technique number one. This is a crossbody lunging swing. Jeff rips the kettle bell down to his left hip, violently steps forward into the right leg, and pulls that kettle bell up into his right shoulder. You're using the anatomy of the oblique sling that shows up in so many martial arts kind of movements. You're going to program these for about 10 or 15. Look at the speed. Look at the ferasi. This will make you more powerful and certainly more dangerous. Next, snatch lunge. This is a really difficult technique because Jeff has to be powerful and explosive at the bottom and then have a soft touch at the top. It's like some of those situations where we have to accelerate and decelerate in those striking moments where we need to know the calibrate between being powerful and also very dexterity dextrous and agile. I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that up. Good job. Okay, piece three, the high low swing. Everyone's seen the kettle bell swing, but what if there was levels to the game? Jeff is going low swing, starting from a squ a squat base to high swing, which is most of the same anatomy as a snatch. A lot of power, a lot of acceleration, high forces. Notice his breathing. He breathes the top, he breathes the back swing, he breathes the bottom. Try 10 to 15 of these at a heavy weight. Let us know. Now, before you guys go, don't forget to check out the new program that has been a game changer for me. It's called the Fighting Fit Kettlebell series. I've been following it under the guidance of my strength and conditioning coach, Ben Johnson, and it's focused on building strength, power, endurance, and overall athletic performance, all with just one tool, the kettle bell. Whether you're training for combat sports, chasing peak fitness, or just want to feel like an athlete again, this is your foundation. If you're curious, there's more information in the link in the description box below.