Kind: captions Language: en I drop my left and I shoot it. Hold this slide and bring our head off the side level and he's going to drive over pulling this. I stay heavy. Hey guys, it's Jeff K from credit and I'm here with UFC Hall of Fame and former Bellar champion Rory McDonald. And today he's going to be showing us seven of his favorite tactics. And if you like it, make sure you check out my instructions on BJ Fanatics. First one, southpaw versus righty situation. Use this against my fight against Robbie Lawler because he was successfully slipping my right hand. So what we're doing here is we're timing that slip throwing the rear head kick. So we throw this, he slips, and while this hand is still out there, we're throwing our head kick. We don't want to bring it back and then throw it because his head is already going to be back in the center line. We want him dipping off that center line and catching him at the exact same time. He slips and we kick. Generally, we want to step to the outside and get the outside foot or an angle to hit the right cross. What I like to do is threaten my straight cross. And a lot of the times is they're trying to slip it coming to the inside. So, they're coming here and they're exposing the shoulder. Throwing these a couple times, making them see them coming. And then I'm shooting this forward using the palm of my hand here to push this back. And I'm dropping my level, squatting on this front leg, and I'm scooping this front ankle. As I push this forward, I lift this up and I run him down. It's an easy way to get this uh ankle pick. My next one is a reactive takedown. We're going to move around and he's going to try to come in on me and I'm constantly adjusting to make sure that distance stays the same. So if we move around, okay, I'm constantly and if he moves back, I'm I'm coming right back. I'm staying in this distance. As we're doing that, he may try to throw some strikes. First thing is just evade it by controlling the distance. We're going He might try to strike me now. And I just control the distance. We want to get him frustrated. And then once he overcommits, we're going to lower our level and we're going to shoot in and get into his hips with a double leg. It's a collision cuz he's coming forward. I'm coming forward and uh we can take him down with a lot more ease. Okay, I'm I'm timing that. Okay, you try to go again. I drop my level and I shoot in. He comes in, I drop my level. Okay, level change and I push off this back leg and I shoot in. Little detail on a double leg. You can chop behind the knees, but the strongest is always to collect uh your grip underneath the butt line here. And then you can start walking walking him through. Let's say we shoot in on a double, but our opponent was able to fish in an under hook and start pulling us up. How that looks, we get in here, he starts pulling us up. We're standing back up again. So, as we shoot, he's getting an under hook, pulling us up. I'm going to shoot my rear leg through here. So, I'm bringing this here, stepping in, bumping my hips with his. I'm low. I'm under his hips, but he's pulling me up to stand up. So, as I feel that, I'm bringing my hips in. My rear leg is now my front leg. Is I like to hook here. Some people like to stand tall and and draw their heel back like this. I find for a taller guy with longer legs, I have more success coming knee to the floor. You could also play around with standing tall and hooking here with the inside leg trip. There's no wrong answer here, but you do need to make sure that you've knocked his his weight, his center of gravity over his hips if you're going to put that knee to the floor. Because if I come here and I didn't knock his hips back, his weight is going forward. I really need to make sure that when I step in, I'm coming forward. So again, we shoot, he pulls up. I step in with my hip, knocking his hips back. My weight is forward. I start hooking. I block this leg and I like to come up high. Sometime he only has one. That's fine. We can lift this and bring it up like this. This uh under hook. If not, we knock his head over. So we come in like this. And we finish heisting the leg like this. And then we get into our full guard position. Bit faster. We come in and pull. What I like to do is come into uh what I call like like a steering wheel position. I always keep my hands in here, my elbows in tight. So I never want my like elbows flared out here cuz you could easily swim and start using these to bring your your knees in and stuff. So keeping my elbows tight, keeping this here. And if you notice, I'm like trying to pinch your like hips on the side here. First thing we want to do is get posture. In MMA, guys are never going to let us do that. He's always pulling us down. So, the first thing in ground and pound is deal with him trying to uh break our posture down. Okay. What we want to do is constantly swim to this position. Sometimes you got over hooks and things like that. A nice strong head control. Sometimes it's even double over hooks. For example, what I like to do in any of these scenarios, I put my forehead into your chin. So, I I swim it under. Okay. I go right to here and I start pushing in. Okay. Now, what I want to do is get up on my toes and start driving off my toes and start applying pressure with my body weight, stretching your spine up. Sometimes he turns his head to the side. It's fine. You could just you find uh his head and you push that jawline away. He's going to make it pretty uncomfortable. You're going to start giving up a lot of these controls, whatever it may be. And then we're going to start pummeling through over hooks, which is like the biggest pain in the ass. We find it. We start driving forward and get up out on these toes. Okay, these become a lot weaker. So then once they're weak, then I can start pummeling and coming back into my position here. Now I'm back in control here and I have my weight on you. I'm being pretty nice here. So now what I want to want to do is drop my knee and I I'm on my toes here. Now I can start coming up to posture. Now we can start like finding good ground and pound rather than when we're here. You know, we this is not going to really do anything. Now that we have posture inside control, we have his hips controlled, they're flat and straight. Now I could start thinking about ground and pound. A lot of guys uh who have active guards, it's not easy to do ground and pound because they want to get their hips off. They're moving constantly. It could be very difficult. First things first is control before hitting. We do this. We break the posture. We got inside control. We start getting our head over his head. And now we can start hitting the different techniques here. We have elbows, inside elbows. We could uh power punches like that. If he's starts pulling on our heads to bring us down again. Okay. You could pull this and come over top. Um swim back inside elbow. Another one I like is the simple collar tie. It could be you have one here, one here, or you have two here, but he's very strong. I've fought in a few guys that have been very strong here because they're not experienced in jiu-jitsu. Sometimes I fought in guys that are physically strong, but they want to stand back up, but so they're holding me as tight as they can. What I've done in the past is I come here inside, I extend my arms as much as I can. Even though he's pulling straight, I'm extending here. Okay? But I make sure you it's not on the mat. It has to be on his body here and your elbows in tight. So I'm I'm pushing pushing pushing. He's going to be pulling us back down. We want that, okay, for this technique. So we're going we're going we're going and then we crash in with the inside el body. You may not get the perfect angle here. Your arms only might be bent this much cuz he's just got so much grip, but we're crashing our weight in. So, I'm turning my shoulder in and I'm using my weight to sink in. Ideally, we want to aim for the solar plex. So, goes like this. We come up, we straighten the arm as much as we can, and we crash back down with all our weight. And then we start coming uh inside control again to the hips. Start getting posture. But sometimes you'll do this like three, four times before a guy will start, you know, reacting. I've used it in a few fights and it works great. Guys really start giving up on those head controls and it opens up the bigger punches with the posture. A tricky little thing I like to do is from inside control. Once again, what we're going to try to do is find this wrist. Sometimes he might be trying to underhook a leg um like this and get an angle. Whenever we start seeing his arm flatten out like this is we're going to slide down, okay, we're in constant contact and we're sliding down to this wrist. If it's the leg, we have and he goes there, he's actually more set up there cuz we could use our leg to clamp down. And we just sit on and we could slide down and start pinning taking this leg up inside control here first. And it could even be from that position we were talking about before. And he starts maybe going down and we uh of that wrist control. Keep our head in the chin to keep him straight. If he gets o out of there, he has more strength. So we want to keep him straight. We lock that that wrist up. I want to bring my head off the center and off here. So I'm coming on off the center line. Okay. My head's on this side now. and my chest now replaces and I'm up on my toes. Now, this is going to take weight off of his lower back and give this passage here for me to pass that hand. Now, I sit back down. I still have this hand locked with this grip. And now I'm putting weight down on his hips with my chest. So, I'm locking this hand here. Some people will stand up here, but his hips now have movement and he could wiggle this arm free. How we're going to control this arm here is our chest down on on top of his hip line. We could still generate a lot of power here if you want to start hitting. We just have to rotate our shoulders and still keep our our chest heavy. And now we could come through with crosses and overhands. Okay. I'm not just using my arm. I'm turning, stretching the rubber band, and throwing the hook. And now look at my head. It's coming off the center line. I'm here opening up. Boom. Now, let's look into a passing. Okay. So, now that we're here, we've done some damage. Maybe his legs have loosened up. Okay. After he gets hit, he wants to really get out of here, create angles. Whenever he does that, we're going to take this free hand and put it the elbow inside the thigh or inside the knee. If it's a little tighter, it could be here. And we're going to start pushing that down to the mat. Now, we can start putting our weight forward and bringing our shin over this pin. have it pinned here. Now we stapling it with our shin. Okay. Now we've passed the legs. Now let's start looking getting into position. We take this free hand. We come under the head. Right away we want to start looking at his chin and pointing it that way to weaken his his structure. I have this this uh leg stapled. Free hand comes through. I'm going to sometimes grab this armpit and I could pull that in. shoulder pressure as I start back stepping with that other leg. I've cleared the legs. My knee to the hip and the other knee here. I'm doing nice strong side control. Again, here we're inside. We slide down. We bring our head off to the side. We lift. We're up on our toes. So, we this lower back comes free. We come back down. Lower our chest level. We can do some punches until he starts wiggling his hips trying to get out. Stay heavy here. Elbow comes here. We replace it with the shin staple. Okay, you can throw a few more shots here. We come under, hook the armpit, and start driving forward. Now, we're going to start back stepping as this leg is stapled. Okay. And now we put all our weight on on this shoulder. Okay. And now we're going to replace uh the staple with this knee on the hip and this knee here. And our chest goes heavy. That's how you pass the gore. I'm going to try that on like my head. Sorry. Go regular side control. Here we have a far side under hook. Um near side uh under hook on his head. Okay. Our knee is up uh along his hip and under our elbow here. So a lot of guys will try to hit here and he's going to his reaction is to create a frame. So when I hit I have no uh power here. First thing is I want to do is I want to start addressing this. I want to pinch my uh neck into my shoulder and creating a bit of a grip here. And now I've also hooked over the tricep to have some sort of control here of this far arm because if he gets this in front of my face and cross face pushing it away, I have I have less um I have less uh positional dominance here. The first thing is I hook here. I have a little bit of grip here. Now he's has this uh frame structure here. We're going to replace it with our own. So, we're going to swim. We're going to go around and we're going to do the exact same thing on him. We're going to push this down as we replace. We bring our knee out. Okay. So, our knee was here. We staple it and we bring our knee back. Now, we drive over. We punch our knee through. Now, we've stapled this arm to the ground. Clamp. We go to punch. He he frames. We swim in. We pin and staple with our knee into a crucifix. So now we can start hitting, but his uh this um pinch on the shoulder is not going to be super effective for that long cuz once we start getting desperate, he's going to rotate that and he's going to start looking at cross facing. So I don't want to stay up here postured too long in crucifix. I want to start establishing control. So once I come here, I might be able to land an elbow. Okay? But as I throw this elbow down, I want to start bringing my head to the mass here. Okay? And maybe you don't want to do that at all. If you start feeling this arm rotate, you might just want to start coming down right right away and start pinning that head. Okay? Once you're here, watch this back leg that he doesn't start turning his hips and trying to trap this back leg and and uh break uh get free by rotating your hips out like that. So, make sure you're hiding that back leg, so he's not getting it. Now, from here, my head's controlled. I have a under hook here. I can start hitting, but he has this arm here. What I'm going to do is I'm going to grab this. I'm going to pull. And I'm going to push my hips in like this. Now, what I'm going to do is I have this energy stored. Okay? I'm pulling this. I'm pushing my hips down. I'm going to let go of this wrist as I kick. Okay? I come here and go like this. Now I could start either stapling here or triangling my legs around uh his uh his trapped arm. Now I really have a good position here. I have a nice under hook and head control pin on this forearm. Now he's really stuck. Now if we want to go ahead and finish this guy, we have our triangle here. We start scooping up like this. Okay. Now we take our free hand, we push the head, and with this leg, the top the near leg, we're scooping his head like this. Now we take this out, and now we have a top side um triangle or an inverse triangle to get attack this arm. We're sliding, but stay heavy. Stay heavy. We're going to replace this and we're going to keep our head on the mat. What we're going to do here is start looking for this wrist grip. And we're going to look for a straight arm lock or camuras. I prefer the straight arm lock here. Keep your head uh sorry, your chest heavy on this arm cuz he's going to want to be wiggling it, turning his hand, trying to escape this. But if we stay heavy the whole time, it's going to be very hard for him to escape. So, we start wiggling this this uh wrist control in and we start right. And now we start creating that frame. My forearm is underneath his elbow. Create the frame. And we're breaking it like this. Putting pressure on this hand and lifting up with this forearm. Okay. Now, I don't take my head off the mat when I do this. I stay heavy and I lean forward. I create pressure on the wrist down to the mat and I start lifting my elbow with this arm to break the elbow. [Music]