Kind: captions Language: en Hey, it's Jeff Chan from Memory Shredded and I'm here with my strength and conditioning coach, Ben. And today he's going to be showing us three exercises using the kettle bell to develop devastating power in your strikes. Kettle bells have been used for centuries by warriors to train and prepare for battle. We built a whole program. If you find this intriguing, we built some fundamentals so you can start to learn how to use this tool to make yourself a better better martial artist as well. Check out the link below. We'd love to have you be part of it. First exercise called a punch swing and you will see why. We've got all the same fundamentals as a swing. We've got a kickstand base. Jeff is using his back swing and then he's hitting this powerful isometric. We go from dynamic at the back to frozen in strength at the top. Abs on, glutes on, obliques, shoulders conditioning. We're creating power and control in one movement. The quarter Turkish press. Nasty as hell. What I love about this movement, we're using the oblique sling like crazy. Those are always coming into play when we're using our striking powers. We get this huge range of motion. We get big strength and conditioning out of the shoulder. You see the way that Jeff has to rotate and create power that translates exactly to the type of devastating power you want when you're fighting. All right, so bet you haven't seen anything like this before. This technique is called the dragon tail whip and it's explosive power on the frontal and transverse anatomy. Okay. Some of the really important ways that fighters and strikers move. We're going to try and train that right now with the kettle bell. Jeff, you ready? Let's give it a shot. Face. This is an incredibly powerful movement using the frontal plane and transverse plane anatomy. He's making a massive 360. He's fighting for his feet. This is a lot of the same anatomy you see in striking. Good luck. Okay, so Jeff just completed the fundamentals program. Jeff, let me tune that up a little bit for you. Okay, so let's just sharpen that thing up. You ready? You guys ready? Okay, let's go here. practice. Now, before you guys go, don't forget to check out the new program that has been a game changer for me. It's called the Fighting Fit Kettlebell Series. I've been following it under the guidance of my strength and conditioning coach, Ben Johnson, and it's focused on building strength, power, endurance, and overall athletic performance, all with just one tool, the kettle bell. Whether you're training for combat sports, chasing peak fitness, or just want to feel like an athlete again, this is your foundation. If you're curious, there's more information in the link in the description box below.