Kind: captions Language: en It's Jeff Chan and I'm here in We're here. &gt;&gt; Hey, it's Jeff Chan and we're here in Algarve, Portugal with Coach Micah. &gt;&gt; Do it again. Do it again. I thought you going to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it up. &gt;&gt; Hey, it's Jeff Chan and we're here in Alolgar, Portugal here with Coach Micah. And this is what you can expect at a head movement focused striking retreat. Let's go. Striking retreat. Let's go. So, at our retreats, there are two classes a day. One in the morning and one in the afternoon. Both 2 hours long. taught by coach Micah and I. The morning sessions are focused on learning and improving technique. I personally, and I'm sure I can also speak for coach Micah, teach only our best stuff, the stuff we actually use all the time because it works. We take out all the fluff, the things you learn in class as a beginner, but don't actually work. We essentially give you the shortcuts to improving. You'll see in the sparring later in this video, this is the same stuff we teach and use. I would also say based off feedback, the things we teach and use are considered a little bit more unorthodox and unique, not the typical things you'd learn in your typical gym. If you guys are interested in attending the next retreat, check out the link in the description box below. I would love to meet you guys one day. He throws a jab, but he's not going to stay there. Look, I'm going to Yeah, I'm going to miss. I'm going to roll. I'm going to weave under. Yeah. Into the old handball the croc. While getting detailed instruction and drilling technique is proven to be very effective, nothing beats putting it all through real application by doing live drills to develop that real-time reaction, timing, and distance management. We are essentially sparring except we put limitations on what we can or cannot do so we can develop our skills in that specific area. We're going to work on like a little live drill. One partner is only throwing straight punches for now. The goal is to mix up blocking and head movement. So, if you're comfortable, you can do just head movement. If you're not, you can just block. And if you get more comfortable, you can block and then start adding head movement. Right? If you're not comfortable with just head movement, you can just block like you guys already know how. You guys can shell, you can parry. And once you start seeing a pattern, you start feeling more comfortable with your distance management. Then you can add a little slip here and there. So guys, Mike is going to actually hit me, but it's not hard. His hands are open inside, so I'm not really feeling anything, but he's committing to my face, and he's extending all the way. The worst thing you can do when you're trying to get better with head wound is your partner is aiming to the side or he's not even extending all the weight. So guys, we're going to do this drill live, okay? It's not planned. He might tag me, probably will tag me, but it allows me to get better and make the adjustments when I do get hit. See, there's a lot of footwork. I got to maintain that distance. If he's able to close that distance, now I can't slip anymore and I'm going to want to shell. &gt;&gt; You guys get it? And now, of course, the person that's attacking needs to cooperate to a certain degree because the person that's attacking, if you're going forward too much, what's he not realizing? He can also get hit. So, when we're drilling, I want you to give your partner some space. If you are tagging your partner too much, maybe you're going too close to him or he's just not at that level yet. So, you need to slow it down. Say one more time. We're not trying to win. We're trying to help our partner get better and develop his reaction. [Music] [Applause] Nice. &gt;&gt; Beautiful Edward. Then after our first session, we have time to head back to our hotels to shower. Then we all go out and eat together and get to know each other. &gt;&gt; Everyone say Portugal retreat. Portugal retreat. &gt;&gt; I can't see the screen, man. &gt;&gt; Oh, maybe that one though. &gt;&gt; Let's go. &gt;&gt; Let's go. These are lifelong friendships you are developing. Travel friends that you may meet up with in the future. Now, after eating, you can either take a nap or chill at the beach or do some touristy things like checking out the famous caves in Algarve. All right, after some good training, we're now going to go visit the famous caves in Algar, Portugal. India. [Music] If you drink this water, you become. Then we are back at the gym for our second session. For our second session, we review what we learned in the morning. Then we go straight into everyone's favorite type of training, sparring. Everyone is encouraged to play around and have fun with head movement. We are okay with intense and fast-paced sparring, but only controlled and pulled back strikes to the head. So, if you like what you see, if you like the type of training, the style of techniques, and want to attend the next retreat, check out the link in the description box below. I would love to have you out one day. Oh, just that. Oi. [Applause] America. &gt;&gt; Hey, that's it. Hey, what's up? [Applause] Nice. &gt;&gt; I'm studying this one. Stop. Good luck. All right. Nice. Heat. Heat. [Music]