Kind: captions Language: en Hey hey there up [music] Now, before we continue, back in 2022, I released my first head movement program. Thousands of you joined in, and it was one of my most popular courses. But since then, I've learned a lot, refined my teaching, and wanted [music] to make something even better. So, now I've built the new head movement, countering, and evasive defense program. Think of it as the 2.0 version. It includes everything from the first program, but I've added more. The program teaches step-by-step on how to develop a [music] strong defensive foundation through footwork, distance management, and blocking, which will help transition into strong head movement. You'll be learning over 130 techniques from footwork to blocking to head movement patterns, exits, counters, [music] head movement combinations, hand control bait tactics, and finally live drills to train it under pressure until it's second nature. Going up against the opposite stance can be very different. So this time the program comes in four versions. Orthodox versus orthodox, orthodox versus southpaw, southpaw versus southpaw, and southpaw versus orthodox. The goal is simple. help you save your brain while having fun and fight or spar with the same slick evasive style you see at the highest levels of MMA, Muay Thai, and [music] boxing. If you're ready to level up your defense, hit the link in the description box below. In this video, I visited WTM Muay Thai where I got to spar Omar. If you watch my last video, these rounds took place right after I sparred Shri, the Mongolian fighter. Both of us used a lot of head movement in this sparring session, so that will be the focus that I'll be breaking down. While getting tagged is always part of sparring, whether I'm using head movement or not, I'll be analyzing why my head movement didn't work as effectively this time. So, here I slipped his jab, slipped his cross, then he pauses. I call that off rhythm. So, I stopped moving my head, and that's when he caught me with the right hook. Very tricky of him. And then I went with momentum, rolling under his left, right, left hooks, and finally a pull on the last one. Here, Omar pulls back against my jab and fires back a jab in which I slipped and into my inside low kick, but he times and catches me with a super long cross down the middle. Then here's a pull against his cross and a lean back against his kick. Because I'm much shorter, it makes it easier to lean back against his body or high kicks. An inside calf kick here and he falls up catching me with a super long left hook. A very unique way of throwing his hook. It's as if he threw a straight punch. You can see if it was a straight punch, I would have slipped it. But it turned into a hook, catching me. And if it was a more traditional hook, I would have definitely been able to lean back against it. But from the looks of it, his hook had the same reach as his straight punch. I leaned back a lot on my low kicks and hit with my instep/ lower shin. And because of that, I am normally far enough to backst step and evade a circular punch. You can see this time he threw a more traditional style hook, being far enough to not get hit. Then I back stepped into southpaw as I slipped his cross and then a quick cross surprises me here. I evaded his hook and then an incoming kick that was too close. Could have been a very bad situation. His speed and reach was really catching me by surprise. Across from me that misses. Then I dip my head to evade his counter jab into my low kick. You can see that I lean back far enough to not get hit by his punch. He follows up with a leaping jab in which I slip and parry simultaneously. He pulls back against my hook. Another jab that I slip and parry. Then I slip his cross and fire my own cross down the middle. And the same kick and slip happens again for a third time. I parried his jab cross and timed an inside low kick off his third strike here. You can see because I lean back when kicking, I'm far enough to not get hit despite his long reach. And after kicking, I bounced back into the opposite stance to dodge his counter punch and a nice follow-up body kick that catches me as I try to run away. Here, I pulled back against his jab and caught his kick. Every time you use head movement, you want to anticipate a kick follow up and be ready to defend. You can see I essentially dipped into the side of the kick he was throwing, but I was ready to catch and into my liver hook to overhead. A nice pull from Omar, but I doubled up and got him with the second. Then he slipped my cross and I shift a southb distance and into a right hook. Here I slip to the inside on his jab and into my cross. Then shoulder roll to defend and a lean back to continue evading. A cross jab lands Roar and I get him back with a cross, uppercut, cross, uppercut blitz and a pull to shoulder roll, redirecting the punch with my elbow here. I intercept his cross with a left body kick and thankfully I lean back on the kick, keeping my head far enough to continue leaning back against his big left hook. at catches kick here and into a liberal hook to overhand again. This time he defends with a shoulder roll and fires back with a hook cross, but I was able to evade with a lean and shoulder roll. Omar chases me down with a cross hook, so I slipped and ducked under. Because he was so close, I duck my head under his armpit and tried to spin to his back. Omar does a good job at scoring out with me and lands a nice side knee. I tried to slip to the inside again and into my cross, but Omar evades with a shoulder roll. Perry, parry, parry here and into my cross. And Omar gets me back with the hook, cross, hook. His high volume combinations was definitely catching up to me, especially as my cardio start to fail me. &gt;&gt; Nice. &gt;&gt; Oh, that minute's not done or what? &gt;&gt; And one more slip and cross counter followed by a pull here. Sparring Omar was a blast. These are the best kind of sessions. Intense, high pressure, fast pace, and high volume, yet still controlled and focused on protecting each other's brains. If you like this video, please remember to like, comment, share, and subscribe, as well as turn on that notification button. I'll see you guys next time. Good job. &gt;&gt; [music]