Kind: captions Language: en How do you counter out of the crossbody guard? Well, it's just like any other punch. If you were to go out there and work this, you would figure it out because the body drives the punch and you don't get to skip frame. So, if I'm here, I don't get to just make my hand go from here to there. Just like a video game and skip frames and then just throw the hook from there. I have to move my hand there. You do. There's no jumping to it or skipping to it. You have to get your hand to the setup position for the punch. And that does take time. So, it's as simple as that. You're going to have to take the time to set up the hand. If you're here, I want to throw the lead hook. As my body is turning, my hand gets to the setup position. And then I come through to finish the shot here. See, I move my hand and as my body is turning, it catches. Boom. And I throw the punch. Just like if I want to throw the jab here. It doesn't matter about my hand. And even if I have it in the right spot, it doesn't matter cuz it's all about the body turning. If I have my body turning, I can get a powerful jab. So here, let's as I want to if I want to jab from here, I go and I turn my body as I'm throwing that jab. Same with the right hand. As I turn my body, if I'm in the cross body here, I turn my body. I'm setting up the hand to fire, right? I don't have to go back and then go like that. I get it to the spot where I need it as I'm turning my body. Boom. Turning here. Jab, hook. All right. So, you do have to move the hand to the set position, but the power is coming from the body. So, you don't have to worry about where the hands are. Yeah, that does take time. So, that's some of the downsides of the cross body guard. You have advantages with that unpredictable defense, that tight cover, right? But there are some downsides. But once you start punching, then you can just open up as normal and then cover up again. So, it is something you're going to have to practice with, but it all comes from the body and the setup. You have to go through it.