Kind: captions Language: en One of the most important aspects of your boxing that is not really talked about that often is your balance. Once you improve your balance, you increase your power to effort ratio. In other words, you can get the same amount of power, less effort. And anybody who's been in the game a long time knows boxing is about stamina. You're a beginner. If you haven't sparred, that's fine. That's cool. But you're still in the dream world. Once you get in there and spar first time against somebody experienced, you get to the fourth round, the fifth round in your sparring, you're going to realize how important stamina is. And one aspect that is really intricately linked to your stamina is your balance. If I have bad balance in everything I do, I'm going to spend a lot of effort getting off my punches. And sure, maybe I get lots of power with medicine ball or strength training exercises, but if I haven't improved my balance, I'm going to get more power, but spend more effort getting it. Now, there's nothing wrong with that because most boxers are working on their balance and their power and speed at the same time, working on the whole picture. And that's what I want for you is to not forget about that aspect of the picture, your balance. Okay, pops, I I hear you. I know what you're saying. How do I work on my balance? Well, it comes down to one thing. One thing in your body. Soft knees. Soft knees. Not weak knees. It's not SWV. Soft knees. Soft knees. Nice and easy. Now, a little bit of awareness to that. A lot of beginners are stiff. They're tight. They don't know where or why. A lot of it is in the knees here. You see the boxing, right? Knees tight, right? Body's going all over the place. Soften the knees a little bit here. Turn. You don't don't even put much effort. Soft knees. Jab. Okay. See? Okay. Just nice and easy. One thing you can do to accelerate that is get extra low in your stance. Not wider, just lower. Work a little shadow boxing extra low. You'll feel that over a few weeks. You'll get condition. Come back up to your regular stance. Oh, it feels easy. knees are a little bit softer. Now, if you have those relaxed soft knees, you can throw punches with power and you don't have to make those extra steps to regain your balance. If I'm off balance, I need to take those extra little steps to regain it. If I have smooth balance, I'm just right where I want to be, which means I can move anywhere I want to move and I can execute with power. And when we're in the fourth and fifth round sparring, I'm not begging for air or begging for a moment to relax because I've conserved that energy by working on balance. Of course, not the only factor. We have so many factors in our boxing, you know, put in the rounds, the speed, the power, the combos, the tactics, the defense, breathing, all of that. But don't forget your balance. Spend some time on it. Soft knees. Easy. Easy. Then feel some power. Once you get that feeling down, you'll be like, "Oh, no amount of power, med ball, explosive training can give you that." You have to get that. And once you do, all of your boxing and all of your training is going to take you to another level. All right. Who is the sponsor of this video? Me. I'm the sponsor. I don't try to sell you anything on this channel except learn boxing from me in the membership right here at a crazy affordable price. It's the best value you're going to find going. I wanted it so that anybody from around the world, maybe you can't get access to a boxing gym or you're training, you want a little bit of extra training, you can join this membership, okay, level one, two, three, four, five. The prices do escalate, but they are super reasonable, super low, so that most people most people can access them. So, check that out. Link in the description down below. Join button on the channel. Great work you guys. In the meantime, keep your hands up, chin down, eyes on the prize. Peace.