Kind: captions Language: en How do you block the straight left from the southpaw if you are orthodox? Or how do you block the straight right hand from orthodox if you are southpaw? It's the same block orthodox to orthodox but just on the opposite side. So keep in mind here I am. I'm a southpaw. The lead hand takes care of the lead hand. So I have to have this right hand ready to catch a parry jab, knock it down. If a left hook comes around, I have to be there to block it like so. So, I do have to be ready with that lead hand. My right hand takes care of your left. Okay, your right hand is coming down the pipe. Well, if I was orthodox, this would be the block here. I can see all of you entirely with my right eye and I can see a little bit with my left eye catching a little bit. This is the block right here. It's the same thing. If I'm going to throw this straight left at you, it's the same thing, but you turn a little bit more. So, for example, I'm a southpaw. You throw the straight right hand at me here. If I just block like this, that's not enough. It's going to come through. I have to turn a little bit more. My vision is not blocked. I can see all of you. I can see you entirely. And I don't actually have to block the fist in terms of getting in the way of it. I don't have to be like this and block the fist. All I have to do is catch some of it. Just catch the end or even just catch a piece. That's how this block works. It's not like it's going to hit and then go here and then start again at the same speed. The fist isn't That's not how the punch works. It's going to deflect off or I'm just going to block it. You are a southpaw. I'm orthodox. You throw the straight left down the pipe. All I do is turn here. Just turn that little bit more. Boom. And I block it. It's actually quite simple. It's a standard boxing block. It's not fantasy. It's not made up. If you watch enough boxing, watch Winky Wright, watch Pernell Whitaker, you'll see southpaws do it. It's a basic boxing block. So, it's the same thing, but you just have to turn a little bit more. You are southpaw, you throw the straight left on the pipe. All I do is I turn that little bit more. And see, I can see everything. I'm a southpaw. You're an orthodox. You throw the straight right instead of here, right? I turn just a little bit more. And that's how I block it. Now, you can also block just here covering, right? So, you can do two hands for one block. If you want that absolute safety, yeah, you just go like that. You can do that. But if you want to just use the one arm and have this other one free, boom, for counters, that's all you need to do to block