Kind: captions Language: en How do we really improve our boxing? How do we become the person that trains in such a way to make significant results? You can watch technique videos all day. You can learn techniques. You can learn combos. You're going to learn it all. But we know that the difference is made in training. And so someone could say, okay, it comes down to motivation. And how do you get that motivation? Right? A lot of you already have a good amount of motivation. And let's say you want more. One of the keys to more motivation is to do your best. And I'm not judging you. And I'm not saying that I'm perfect because I've learned this through making all my own mistakes. And sometimes I still make them. One of the keys to getting more motivation is to do your best. Do your best. doesn't have to be perfect. To remove any easy rewards in your life, any rewards that require no effort to get, look up the word salient. S A L I E N T. Salient rewards. Easy rewards that require no effort. Can be a certain kind of food that you eat, sugar, whatever, chips, pop, fries, you know it. Highly salient rewards. You see it, you want to have it. Other things you may do online. Okay, you know what we're talking about. How you use your cell phone interactions, texting, right? I have a saying, I want to for myself, I say like I want to 2000 myself. I want to my mind because I remember back then, you know, not much online activity, not many rewards. So, you're just working with what you've got. And that really works. It goes a long way. That's why reading sucks for a lot of people. I mean, I like to read, but it requires effort. It's not an easy reward. Reading requires effort. You want to do the same. Try your best to remove the easy rewards. What will happen? You'll go through a dip for a while. You won't like it. You won't like that time without the reward. And you give it some time. And all of a sudden, you're gonna feel like doing more. You're going to feel like training harder. You're going to feel like staying longer at the gym. You're going to do your workout, go home, and then you're going to think, "Oh, I have another workout in me. Let's let's do another one. I want to go for a run." And that's part of the formula to becoming the person who gets the motivation, who does the training, who gets the results. Doesn't matter your techniques, all of that. Do your best. No one's judging you. You don't have to be perfect. Try it. Pick one or two things and see the results.