Kind: captions Language: en Let's put together a bunch of sparring tips for beginners. You're getting into sparring or you've already sparred and you're going to spar again. First thing, work on your defense as much as your offense. Slipping, covering, blocking. Whatever punches you throw, expect those punches to be thrown back. Expect your opponent to throw just as many punches as you are. Number two, learn to move with your punches. Your opponent moves. The bag won't teach you that except unless you start out here, here. Boom. Boom. Boom. here. Learn to move forward. Learn to move side to side. Sometimes, but not all the time. When you're on the bag, imagine that all your punches were blocked. Not that they all landed. These were blocked. They didn't land. And what does that do? It creates urgency. You can't just stand there when you're done. The counter is coming. So, if I go here, 1, two, three, and those were all blocked. Guess what? this opponent, imaginary opponent is going to counter back. If they just take all those shots like a canelo, guess what? Whoa, whoa, whoa. So, that means that you have to learn to move your head, cover, or move your feet when you're done punching. Work on your technical and your speed together. Relax. Hands up. Chin down. [Music] Don't neglect speed. It's one problem with a lot of beginners. They're so busy in the learning phase, they go slow. Speed, technical, speed, technical. Bridge them. Bring them together. You're not special in that you can ignore conditioning you don't like. Do I have to do running? Do I have to do my abs? Yeah. If you want results, you got to do them. You do your sprints. You do your intervals. You do some distance running depending on your condition. but more on the intensity side, more on the speed side. You do your abs, you do your push-ups, you do your burpees, you do your conditioning. You're not special. You're not going to get away with it. Do your conditioning. Next, always keep working on your focus, your vision, looking through the opponent, looking forward, not necessarily their eyes or wherever. Can be generally right here. But the key is to always know where they are. Work on your focus. Takes time. It's not going to come just like that, but keep working on, keep practicing. You can on the bag as well. Soft focus. Soft focus on the opponent. I like to look here, but it can be anywhere. Looking through and forward at your opponent. Breathing. Exhale. Exhale. I got one word for you. Exhale. I got another word for you. Exhale. When you get the air out, your body already knows to bring the air in. It will do the job for you. When you hold your breath, that's when you get stuck. I got a word for you. Exhale. You have to show respect for your sparring partners. Whether you're going at someone advanced or another beginner, you're not going to go here and then load a big right hand like a street fight or do something sneaky. Show some respect. You got to be respectful. You work your combos. You cover and you move. You're not trying to knock somebody out. If you take liberties on someone, they're going to take liberties on you. That's where it gets to be a mess. Show respect for your sparring partners between rounds. Relax your entire body. Everything. Hands, neck. Relax everything. Let it all go. Let it all go. Be loose. Relax. Just really easy. You'd be surprised between rounds how much tension you're holding on to. You got to let it all go. Let it all go. Don't waste it. Make the most of that time between rounds before going to the next round. One simple thought. Doesn't have to be complex. I'm going to press more. I'm going to move more. I'm going to use the jab more. One round, one simple game plan. Relax between rounds. Simple, simple, simple game plans before each round. When you are done sparring, you are not done. That's the slacker's way to go. They finish sparring. Wow. They pat themselves on the back. No. Four rounds on the bag. The stuff is fresh in your mind. Soon as you're done sparring, you get to the bag, you work it. Oh, what happened? Okay. Block, block, the aggression, everything is fresh in you. You go work it on the bag. Soon as you're done, you're getting that bonus conditioning.