Kind: captions Language: en Let's talk briefly about bad habits because I get a lot of questions. You hear a lot of comments about bad habits, developing bad habits. If I do this, will it lead to a bad habit? And I do not like to brag, but I can tell you that I have been training people for 25 years in boxing. I've been training people and I see the same mistakes come up over and over and over again. It's the same mistakes. You see it like hand down, okay, no defense, all right, no footwork. So, it's really the same mistakes, but there are really only two bad habits that you need to concern yourself with. Number one is not caring. That's really the worst habit. Somebody has already been told, okay, when you punch, put your hand there. Put your hand there. All right, don't drop the hand. Right? But they just don't care enough to fix it. And in a way that's okay because some people just want that level. They just want to do what they do. And so even that's okay. And you have to kind of let people enjoy boxing the way they want to enjoy it. The second bad habit is turning a blind eye to an area that a person knows they need to fix, but they just don't want to put in the work. A lot of fighters are flatfooted. They don't want to bounce. They don't want to spring. They don't want to move. They don't want to work on their footwork. They don't want to work on defense. Rarely will someone say, "I don't want to work on powerful punches. I I don't like powerful punch." You almost never hear that. It's always footwork or defense. They know it's lacking. They just don't want to work on it, which is another version of not caring. So, let me just say this to you. If you care and you want to be better, you don't have to worry about bad habits. Even if you're out there and you're boxing like this, like if you're doing the twist and that's your boxing, if you care, you can start to fix that. Okay. When that hand goes, you know, okay, when when that hand goes, okay, keep that foot down. Okay. Okay. Well, that's all right. Maybe step it. Okay. When this foot goes there, okay, if you care, no matter how bad your habits are, you can fix them in two, three days if you care and someone shows you the right way. So, the key is to be training. Always be training. Don't worry. Don't get into panic mode and not train. Get out there. Do the best you can. If you care, you don't have to worry about bad habits. You can fix them easy. The only bad habit you got to watch for is just not caring.