Kind: captions Language: en What does it mean to fight from the outside? Fight from the inside, be on the outside, be on the inside. Well, first of all, there aren't any hard lines. It's not like you're on the outside and then suddenly you're on the inside. So, sometimes the lines are blurred. But generally, this is how it is. If I'm fighting from the outside, the opponent is outside my reach. They're outside the length of my reach. That means if I'm fighting from the outside or I'm on the outside, I have to at least step or move forward to get to my opponent. I won't be able to hit them here. I will have to step in or they will have to close the distance and come in closer for me to hit them. being on the outside and fighters who fight from the outside like Muhammad Ali for example they are working the outside and then boom boom boom boom boom moving in and then often staying on the outside or going back usually these fighters have longer reach but not always quick footwork good reaction if I'm on the inside right first of all there's a whole range in between there we'll talk about that last if I'm on the inside the opponent is inside of my reach They're inside that distance of my reach. That means I can hit them with all punches, uppercuts, hooks, straights, body shots. I can hit them without having to take another step. I don't have to take another step. Often when we talk about fighting on the inside, it usually means both opponents are on the inside. So that can range anywhere from here inside of our reach to here, here, anything where we are inside the reach and don't have to take another step to hit. Often that means less straight punches and more hooks and uppercuts and that kind of thing. Then we have that mid-range which can be toe to toe, but toe to toe usually implies that you're stationary. So you can still fight for mid-range and then be moving boom like this. a great mid-range fighter, George Foreman. He didn't want to be on the outside. He didn't even really want to be here, but just keep you at the end of his punches. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. That mid-range. Tommy Hearns also kind of a mid long range fighter, like a pressure long range fighter, keeping you at the end of the punches. So, that mid-range can be anywhere from outside just in here, a small step, bam, bam, bam, bam, to even just in a little bit closer toe to toe. Still a little bit of movement, but it's not necessarily like a hard line. Outside, inside, everything in between is mid-range. So hopefully it helps understand distance, your attributes, and what style might be best for