Kind: captions Language: en How do you take a weapon away from your opponent? There are some general things that you can do. Again, this isn't to give you certainty. This is to increase the probabilities in your favor. If an opponent has a big right hand and you are moving more to the right, you're moving away from that shot. So, chances are less that you're going to get caught with it and the opponent is going to have to try to adjust to line you up. And when they adjust and line you up, that gives you room to move left. You'll see it happening for a lot of fights where someone's trying to move away from that power shot. Right hand person has a power shot. I'm trying to move to the right. Boom, boom, boom, boom. Maybe I move back left and then I'm moving back to the right. It's not going to be perfect, but if you're generally moving to the right, it's putting the probabilities on your side of moving away from the right hand. You'll take less of the right hand than if you're standing still or moving to the left. Same thing goes with the left hook. Someone has a big left hook to the body or big left hook upstairs. I'm moving left. Boom. I'm fading away. I'm moving and then covering and fading away from that shot. Another one to avoid a certain punch is that you set up your guard to be in the way of that punch. The only downside to that is that leaves other openings and but if you're aware of it, that's fine. A great example recently, Romero versus Ryan Garcia. You saw Romero with the hand up high because he's not taking that left hook from Garcia. He's like, "You can give me the jab. You can do whatever." But I'm not taking that left hook. So, he's fighting, you know, out of here. He's doing really well fighting with that right hand up cuz he's like, I don't care. I'm going to make sure that right hand is there. Another beautiful examples when you saw Lomachenko against Haney. He had the right hand out just to stop all jabs coming through. It's like, you're not going to get that jab through. His hands be right in your way. You can try the hook and you can try other things which I'll be ready for and I'll adjust and I'll move because he knows he left that open, but I'm just going to shut this down. I'm going to shut down your orthodox jab. That's lomacheno dehaney. Or you see some other fighters, they keeping their right hand up here because they know a big right hand is coming. Anytime you do something, yes, it leaves other openings. But if that weapon is a knockout weapon and you want to take it away, these other ones aren't your worry or you adjust in other ways. Get that hand in that position. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Moving, moving, moving opposite directions. These are a few tactics to take away a weapon from an opponent, especially when they have big guns with that weapon.