Kind: captions Language: en Let's go over rhythm in boxing and how to break the rhythm on your opponent. Now, this is a little more of an advanced concept and something that you will learn best on the jaw. You will learn better from your own sparring, your own work, and your own understanding. So, get out there and work and spar more and get some more experience. You will learn better that way. But, let me break down a little bit of it conceptually. When I'm working my rhythm, when someone's working their rhythm, they're usually working their max speed, right? Like here, right? They're working though. You see Pacquiao, right? Or maybe on Mayweather, Roy Jones, and you'll start to catch on for fighters that are your level or the the rhythm that you're working. You'll catch on to that cadence D. Every fighter sort of has their own cadence that they go with. Now, what you want to try to do to break the rhythm is break from that cadence. Now, there is a risk to that. And that break is that if you're not paying attention, there's time there in between the punches. So, for example, here are two examples. I come at you like that. Now, if you understand that rhythm, you can just block that all day. I'm either punching or I'm not punching. There's no guesswork. However, I might go have a little break in there. One of the best examples is to see Caleb Plant knock out Andre Derell. You see him work by boom. And there's that little delay, but you see Tyson using it all the time when he goes in, boom, and he's moving his head. Joe Frasier as well. You see Muhammad Ali working it the light punches. Anything where there's a break in that cadence of D, right? You can see Pacquiao, right? Even simply it can be on a 112 that's a standard rhythm or now again like I said in that break and in that delay there's a chance you could be hit. So one of the best ways to break the rhythm is to punch and then move a little bit and then punch again little steps little shifts or cover. Right? It's making sure that the punches that you're throwing are not always coming at that bop bop and it's not either I'm punching or I'm not. But I could be. Here it is. Oh, but now wait. Oh, boom. It's not done yet. Let down your guard. Boom. Right. Practice that on the bag. Practice that in your sparring. Understand what your speed rhythm is. And then you can try to break from it a little bit and you'll see how the opponent drops their guard and maybe you catch those openings.