Kind: captions Language: en All right, I want to give a little bit of a technical lesson on lateral motion and how you use lateral motion to close distance. One of the best examples of seeing this in action is Pacquiao versus D La Hoya. This is one of the elements he did is cutting off the perimeter. You see this semicircle if I'm an a long range fighter, outside fighter, I can control this distance just with my fists alone. That is the danger zone. If I'm on this perimeter here, psychologically, punches are coming at me. When I'm moving, punches are coming at me. All right, from that zone. So, I want to get from there. Boom, boom, boom, boom. Now, there are a lot of ways you can go in. You can go straight in, you can move your head, you can cover and pressure. So, there's a lot of things that you can do, but lateral motion can help you get there easier because it's going to allow you to cut a little bit of room off that perimeter. And then you're starting from closer. So watch, if I'm working lateral motion and I'm on the outside of this perimeter, the long range fighter is firing. They're very safe and very comfortable. That's what they want. And I want to get inside. So what I want to try to do is before I decide to go, I just want to shave a little bit off. And all I do is use footwork. So I'm moving and then here I step in. So I could take a little step off here and then here and now I go bam bam. Or I can even move my head and go. So it's not like you're just in front of your opponent and then you decide to go. Sure, that can work. That can be effective, but they can see you coming. If I'm working lateral motion, I'm further away. I'm closer. I'm moving. And then here, okay, I use my head dip pivot. Look at me. I cut inside that perimeter. Shaved a little bit off relative to my opponent. I can go in. I'm a little bit closer. In real, you're working this all around the ring. In the center of the ring, different distances, the opponent is moving. But just so you understand what's happening, you stay at that perimeter, you're safe. You go further, you're safe, but out of range. When you want to get into range, instead of coming straight in, you move left and right first. Here, now I go from that angle. Or here, I get here. Now I go from that little bit of distance I shaved off because while I'm moving lateral, it's harder to hit me. The opponent doesn't like that. They don't like me moving lateral. that if I can move lateral, shave off distance, and come in, I can shorten that distance. But this is the theory. working that perimeter. Shave a little bit off. Boom.