Kind: captions Language: en Once you start to get good at head movement and use head movement, what are some common mistakes you'll make more at that intermediate level? Let's break them down so you can work on it and fix them. The first one that happens to everybody is losing sight of your opponent. You're moving your head that you start to look down to the side off. So often they'll start looking here. Especially when you're ducking. When you duck, you at least still want to have a sense of where that person is in front of you. You don't have to be looking up like this, but you see their center line, even if it's just the hips. Don't start moving your head so much that your eyes are going all over the place. You want to maintain that focus. Number two, moving your head and your feet such that you get yourself off balance. You can't counter or do anything. Once a fighter sees that when you move your head, you lose your balance, they can just keep firing on you or touching you, making you move your head until you come back up off balance. Boom, boom. So, make sure that when you're moving your head, you work on your balance as well. At least be able to get away you can't punch or you get to a position where you can punch from. So, you start to think about moving your head boom and punching. You want to have good balance when you're moving your head so that you can counter, cover, create an angle, not just getting away for the sake of it. Number three, when you move your head and counter, leaving your other hand down, coming back into the center line. For example, you throw a right hand and I slip it and now I'm going to come back with my counter and I've left myself open coming back into the center line. I pull. I want to come back into the center line. Now, sometimes you can get caught anyway, no matter how good you are. But you have to be careful. Boom. Of what you're coming back into. Think about what it could be. You slip and you come back. You're going to come back into a right hand. So, you keep that hand up. You slip, you're going to come back. You pull, you're going to come back in. Maybe you move your head. Maybe you keep this hand high up. Or you just got to know that you have the timing. So start to be aware of what could be coming back at you. Don't leave that hand down coming back into the center line. The fourth one is what you're leaving open when you move your head. For example, often the fire throws the right hand. You slip it. You left your body wide open here. And I've been caught with this a few times. You're safer keeping that elbow tucked, turning tight like this, keeping the chin down. Coming back in. Be aware of the openings you're leaving as you move your head. You might be open somewhere. Move your head and you're a little bit open here. Okay, start to really think about it. Often you won't really learn this until you get the experience of learning the hard way, but hopefully you don't have to learn the hard way. Think about what you might leave open as you move your head. Make sure you cover for