Kind: captions Language: en Let's go over the hips and movement of hips in boxing. Now, I would bet that you your body already knows exactly what to do with the hips without you thinking. Often you thinking about your hips is what's going to totally mess up the technique. All you want is for your body from shoulders to rotate. And what you want to do is prevent anything that's going to get in the way of that rotation. And usually that is the pivot on the foot. So here's a simple drill for every beginner. Feet outside shoulder width. Okay. Knees can be like slightly bent, just not locked, slightly bent. If you start to turn your body back and forth, you'll realize you can only get so far if your feet are locked down. If you want to go further, your whole body, you have to lift the foot. You have to pivot. So, if I'm going to go here and reach, I pivot. Now, if I want to go the other way, I set that foot down and I want to go this way. Pivot. Now, you want to think more about turning the body so much than pivoting because you can get someone doing this, okay? And they're not turning the body. You can pivot the foot and not turn the body. So, you think about turning. Turn. Lift the heel. Set it back down. Now that starts to go in a motion. Set it down. Turn. Set it down. Turn. Now you can bend the knees just a little bit more. And then here. The hips know what to do. They already know what to do. Boom. Look at that. Now I'm boxing. Most punches, they're going to come like this. Straight here. Rotation punches. Just this, just doing this is going to teach you 90% of how you need to move. Now, if I take that and I'm in a stance, here's my center line. Rear heel needs to pivot to get my body to punch front. I don't have as far to go. I only have to go here. So, I don't need to pivot the front foot. Body it sometimes a little bit. Or if you want extra, boom, a little bit. It's not needed really here. Pivot. Turn, pivot, turn, pivot, turn, pivot. And it all comes from this, which is from this motion. So once you understand that basic turn, then your boxing is going to come out of there much more easily. Keep it fundamental. Don't think about it too much. Just turn the body, turn the shoulders, and lift the heel to allow your hips to go through.