Kind: captions Language: en How do you improve your timing for boxing? Timing is what will separate an experienced boxer who may be out of shape from a brand new boxer who's in the best shape of their life and can be coming in guns blazing. The timing is what will separate them. But what you have to understand is what are you timing if you want to improve timing? What is it that you're trying to time? Well, there are two things generally. One is the opponent using distance. So you'll see the opponent is far, they're out of range, and then suddenly they're in range. Faking they're in range. So you're timing that distance. Can they attack you now? Can they touch you or can they not? The next thing that you are timing is actual punches themselves. You are timing them with a parry, a block, a step back, a slip, a pull, a cover. You're timing all those things together. So, if you want to improve your timing, you have to know that it's a visual reaction. That's where it's all happening. Your eyes are recognizing a pattern. They're recognizing the speed and timing of that pattern. To improve your timing, you want to work a lot of defense. So, in your next sparring or partner drills, instead of going out there thinking about power, speed, or combos, just get your hands up, elbows in. Try to let them punch. Let them punch more than usual. It's almost like you're throwing away the round. You're not trying to win it, but you are going to win it. Let them punch. Go in there. Parry some jabs. Right hands. Slip. Slip. Okay, here comes some body shots. Roll with it. Cover. Just start to see lots of it. Collect lots of data. The more you see, the better your timing will get because it will know what the time. It will know the speed. Then you start to work on some intentions after that. Okay, here we go. Parry. Boom. You time it. Okay, here comes the punch. You counter, right? Okay, block. Boom. Pull back. Doom. Then you rehearse those off on your own in your own shadow boxing. And then you come back and you collect more data. See, working on things. And then you build in those intentions. Timing is all visual. And you have to work on seeing things coming in at