Kind: captions Language: en Most of us have a hard time with the lead hook because we've been trying to throw it with our arm and haven't really learned to use our body. You know how that goes with physics. You're sitting in a car, car is going 100 km an hour, you are going 100 km an hour. So the minute that car stops, you are going. It's a lot like the hook. You can swing this arm only so fast, but it's going to be so much better if the body is going at 100 km an hour. It's going to send that fist. It's like a catapult. The key is actually you almost want to be lazy. A little bit lazy. You ever watch Ali hit the bag? He's kind of lazy. He's really using his body. You see the McGregor stuff. Boom. Let that arm come late. Learn to catapult the shot. So you can put a fist here and you feel that spring. You feel that spring. Boom. Right? Like here, turn the body. Boom. When I turn the body and it connects, the fist is now going at the speed of my body. Boom. And then it's going to release and fly out. But if I'm always going like this with the arm ahead of the body, you're never going to get a good hook. It's never going to happen for You always be limited by this. Eventually, you have to learn, right? The key is you don't actually have to have that arm back. Arm could be here. You turn the body. Throw the right hand. Hand comes out. Boom. Doesn't have to be a wide motion. So, when you're on the bag, right? You see right here? I just let my body turn. I reach my elasticity point. Hand is going into the target. Now I just make a fist. Same thing. The key is to learn to use your body. Try not to be in such a rush to have a perfect hook. It's too much in your mind about it. It's really just body, body, body. It's almost lazy, lazy, lazy. Let the body do the work. Body body. And then eventually you tighten it up. You see the body, right? You want to learn to work that. So take your time with it, but really understand it. Don't ignore it. Don't ignore the body rotation. Work on that body rotation. Bring the hand in later. Focus on the body first. The arm is going to come. When you put the arm first, you're always going to struggle.