Kind: captions Language: en Let's talk briefly about injuries in boxing and how they can limit you and how you can train. I will say that you do need to seek professional advice. There are some injuries that a professional can advise you that you shouldn't be training at all. But once they give you the go-ahhead to do something, for example, with me, meniscus tear in my knee limited my training. Shoulder injury, rotator cuff, not a tear, but really limited my training. What you do is you do what you can. And it doesn't have to be boxing. Can be running, can be skipping rope, can be swimming. When I had the knee injury, I had to spend a lot of time in the pool. I had to change up a lot of activities. But from a boxing point of view, can you still enjoy boxing? Well, this is what I tend to do. I just tend to minimize the motions that are causing me pain and get into movements that I can do. So, if it's a shoulder, then I'm here. A lot of footwork, a lot of head movement. If I'm going to work the offense, I work it mentally and a little bit physically. So here, I may just go to this. As long as I'm loose, I'm not trying to go like that and pull my shoulder or yank my shoulder if that's the issue. I might go here or elbow elbow. As long as I'm loose, I'm not like this. Moving, moving, moving, moving, moving. Head movement. If you have a knee issue like I've had before. Okay. More still. Boom. Boom. Boom. Maybe I move a little bit. Maybe one leg. Bam. Boom. Okay. You could be working power. Little bit of movement. You have to gauge it. If it's a hip or a back or something more serious or a neck, you want to get that checked out. You don't have to be sparring. You do what you can. shoulder, knee, foot injury, maybe our plantar fasciitis. I had that in my left foot all last year. I was just barely moving the front foot easy on the front foot. If I switch southpaw, no bounce, no movement. It took about a year to fix that. So, you just do what you can and you do it in a way that doesn't cause pain or aggravate. You have to go through that. But above all, don't stay still. Don't stop. You have to do something. Even if you're just working abs, you're working on a bike, you're swimming, skipping rope, you do what you can. Just keep your fitness up. Minimize the motions. Be consistent.