Kind: captions Language: en How do you deal with the machine gun puncher? The non-stop boom boom boom boom boom boom boom. They are not that way to be cool or because it's a fluke. They have earned it. They have worked hard to be able to punch like this non-stop. Yeah, sure. Sometimes you're going to see somebody like that only for the first round and you have to get through that first round. But if somebody is going non-stop and you can't handle it, the first thing you have to look at is your conditioning. If somebody is just in better shape than you, then that's really your problem. It's not this is that they're just able to outwork you. First thing you have to take a long hard look at your conditioning. More rounds, more intensity, more frequency, and more time at that to get yourself up to the level. Now you're on the level of the machine gun puncher. How do you beat them through style? Well, one of the first ways is not to be in place when they're punching. So that means lateral motion. If you can fight from lateral motion boom and moving boom boom, you have a big advantage. Think about Sugar Ray versus Duran 2. Think about Sugar Ray versus almost anybody. Think about Usyk versus Anthony Joshua. Usyk versus almost anybody. Moving moving and fighting from lateral motion. So that means that if you're lacking in footwork, you've got to get that part of your game up. Okay? You don't want to go that route. You don't want to go the footwork route. Then you have to make up for it in another way. And that is with counter punching and head movement. You have to master the same side counter. The machine gun puncher goes boom boom boom boom. When that punch hits, let's say you go one, two, three, two, one, two, three, two. Okay. I have to be able to counter from there, which may mean I go here. Boom, boom, boom, boom. Your last punch is the right hand. Bam. And then I counter. I have to be able to counter with that opening. They punch one, two, three. Boom, boom, boom. Bam. They're open on that side. So, for example, let me go at you. One, two, three. You block it. Boom. Right away, you throw the right hand. That takes time. Work that with a partner. Work it in a drill. They punch maybe they hold pads. Huh? B countering same side also. And then moving your head when you're done. They throw, you cover, bing bing, you counter, you move your head or you move your head and you get out. It's not just counter cuz now you're still trading. They punch, boom, boom, boom, you counter back. Move your head. Try to work on your fitness. Work on your footwork, your movement. Work on your safe side counters. Work on your head movement.