Kind: captions Language: en How do you work one of these round shape bags or an uppercut bag? This one is filled with dried chickpeas. It's a maze bag. Classic. You can also get the aqua bags with water. With the maze bag, you can sometimes hit them with just wraps or light gloves, but with the water bag, I wouldn't recommend doing that. So, you get a little bit of that nice fist contact, but sometimes feels good now and then to mix up, get a real feel. Second thing is it has a rounded front. So it's a little more like a head. You can work those angles. Uppercut, shovel hook, hook, overhand, overhand hook, angle here. When you work the uppercut, you don't need to get it right under like the bottom middle. It's the front right here. You set it up. Boom. So you're working boom. You can work single shots. Of course, gloves are fine. Next is you start to work uppercuts in simple setups, ways that are harder to work on a heavy bag. Okay, here. Jab, jab, jab, uppercut. All right, here. Hook, uppercut. How would I set up that uppercut? Boom, boom, boom, boom. Same with the uppercut on the other side. Right hand. Boom. Overhand, right. Boom. Maybe I work huck, uppercut, puck, uppercut. The ways the uppercut comes off different punches and different movements. Then you have to think, okay, after you throw the uppercut, what's next? Uppercut, duck. Because there could be a counter. Jab, uppercut, cover. Like so. Jab, pull. Right, right hand, uppercut, move. You have to think about what you're doing. You don't want to just throw an uppercut and stand there. Unless you know the opponent isn't reacting. Then you can think of what punches come after the uppercut. So here, boom, boom, boom. [clears throat] Right, how it sets up. Boom, boom, boom. right here. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. Right. Because a lot of beginners, they're not used to working uppercut in a flow. They're used to straight hooks, right? And then maybe whoa, maybe one uppercut. But once you get that uppercut as part of your flow, you become deadly from all angles. Straight on hooks underneath. You can also start to work head movement with this a little bit. Okay. A little bit canel style. It's not the best, but because you can go under, it gives you a little bit of a feel. You're working it. Boom. Boom. When you work that head movement, become aware of where this is. Don't move the head and then be looking over here and look over there. Keep your focus of where this is. The last one is because it's not occupying space underneath. You can get used to that real tight foam boost fighting. Boom. Boom. Boom. Boom. Boom. Working angles and moving around. So, a lot of things that you can do on this just to have a little more