Kind: captions Language: en How do you block a right hand? Now, I know somebody's going to say, "Well, why not just move your feet? Why not just move your head? Why not just do this?" And of course, all of those are possible and they can all go hand in hand. But let's just focus on one aspect of boxing. A punch is coming straight at your face. It's a straight right hand and you want to block it. You can also add in footwork, rolls of the body. You can block one then move your head on the other. We can do all kinds of things. There are a lot of ways to block a right hand. So, it's not to say that this is the only one. This one has worked for me the best, right? And that is simply this. When the right hand is coming straight at my face, I take my forearm. I bring my fist to the side crown of my head. Sometimes I keep my hand open. I press this palm into my head. And then I turn my body like so. So that the forearm is blocking. Now watch with my right eye. I can see everything. I can literally see everything. With my left eye, I can see this way. So, even still, if I get my hand a little higher, see that crease here? I can see you with my left eye. I can definitely see everything with my right eye. So, I can block the right hand with a high degree of certainty and still see. Of course, there are blocks where you can put your hands out. You see Roy Jones used to work this a lot. You can catch. You can catch the right hand as well. catch as well. You can roll, you can roll, shoulder roll, so many other ways. So, you work what works best for you. But as a beginner, if you want a very high probability, surefire way, and you can time it when the punch comes, let's say the one two come like in parry the jab or slip or pull, and here comes the right hand, and it's coming here. Boom. Just like so. This will save you from getting hit by a lot of punches. Once you get more slick, right, then you can work other things. Simple enough. Right here, this part of your hand or this part of your hand, right, to the ridge side of your head. My wrist is bent. So, look, I can see I can see here. I can see I can see, right? A fist is not coming through here. Unless a fist is coming like I don't know. And if it if it was to come through, I can always turn a little bit more like so. The beauty of this block is it also works for overhand rights. Because here, if I want to block an overhand right, sometimes it gets around in there, I just bring the hand up a little bit. Just bring it up a little bit. Experiment with this one. Once you get good at this one, you'll get good at seeing the punches come and then you can start to work other variations, other options, right? Rock and roll, slipping, fading, right? Stepping back, boom, you can work other options. But this for beginners high probability safety home. All right. Catch home.