Kind: captions Language: en There isn't as much talk about it these days, but there really used to be. What's better? Boxing, MMA, BJJ, Muay Thai. Oh, you're a boxer, I'll take you down, I'll choke you out. Oh, you're a wrestler, I'll get you with an uppercut, or or I'll get you with a knee if I'm a Thai boxer. There used to be a lot of this. And I think everybody's kind of realized that it comes down to the individual, how much time and work you put in, how good you are, how much training and dedication you have. I did BJJ for about a year. I got tossed around like a rag doll. I got tapped out hundreds of times, hundreds of times. I've worked other martial arts, struggled I struggled in boxing in the beginning. And also, you see sometimes when BJJ, MMA guys, Thai boxers go to boxing, they struggle, too, cuz everyone's learning as an individual. But the main thing, the main message for you, the most important thing for you, is is your training giving you what you need? Is the are they your training and the way you're training, and how you're training giving you what you need? Because most of what we need when we get into martial arts is we need to erase doubt. We have fear inside. Can we handle ourselves in a confrontation? Will we get beat up? Are we vulnerable? And then we want to know that we can handle ourselves. Just even like in that Bruce Lee movie, like, uh, you want to be able to handle yourself in a fight. You know, that's martial arts. And so, same thing goes, right? You want to be able to handle yourself in a situation. Doesn't mean you're going to be Batman and handle yourself in all kinds of situations. It just means that you erase that doubt, you erase that fear, and you have more confidence. Now, how do you erase that? You have to face the fear. You have to feel the fear. So, usually you go into a martial art where you feel the fear. You go into boxing, it's like, this is scary. Go into BJJ, MMA, Muay Thai, this is scary, or maybe something else. It scares you. And that's how you develop that courage is facing the fear. So, at the end of the day, it doesn't really matter what you're training. What really matters is is what you're doing giving you what you need? That's the most important thing.