Kind: captions Language: en The most underutilized punch for the beginner, beginner to intermediate, is the uppercut. If you as a beginner boxer, beginner meaning like less than a year or even intermediate, start to work on your uppercut, you will find a whole world of opportunities. They don't even have to land hard, just touch. But the problem is that so many beginners think that an uppercut is like this. is that you use your legs and you come up to create power. Now, you can do that, right? Like, if this is a human and I go like this, they're not going to like it. If I go up to someone and I can get them, they're not going to like it. But why that's a problem is that you can't follow up and set up any other punches and you can't even set up the uppercut because that's usually what happens is the beginner is throwing and they're not in the position to just get that opening. But here it's right up the middle. In order to get that position, you want to be relaxed and you rotate here. See, I almost let this foot fall. Fall. Fall and rotate. See here? Lead uppercut. Fall. Fall. Fall and rotate. I don't even have to telegraph. Watch. If I fall, fall and rotate. Look, I could just get a shot off with no movement. Otherwise, I have to turn and go like that and use my upper body. By just falling and turning, you can get an uppercut right there. really no movement at all. You have to learn in the uppercut to stay low, stay balanced, and let your other punches work out of that balanced position. Whatever you throw, body, uppercut, bum, boom, learn to think, learn to relax. [Music] Once you get that uppercut going, you don't even have to land hard shots. The opponent's just surprised. Boom. They just suddenly touches them. Eyes go up, right? Right. Okay. But you got to relax a little bit. Don't try to do this. Don't try to do this. Not this. Okay. It'll hurt somebody, but it's not going to set you up for anything. You'd be out of position. All right? So, try to work on that in your game. Think about the uppercut. A lot of opportunities for