Kind: captions Language: en All right, you guys. Let's go over plyometrics, pio for boxing, and how this can really help your boxing. Now, the main reason why plaus are effective is because a lot of your boxing, your boxing capability has to do with start speed. How quickly you can send that signal to move, especially on the attack, especially in and out. One of the best fighters to watch for this is Mayweather. Floyd Mayweather. He is able to fight just from that little bit further out and go from here to there. Boom. Super fast. Boom. As opposed to some fighters who are walking you down and getting in there. This start speed here off the jab and the one two all starts from the back leg. The quicker you can send that signal down and go boom and overcome that inertia, the faster you're going to be as well, the more effectively you'll be able to stop and change direction when you move. The key with pio for boxing is it doesn't have to be complicated. It can be very simple. You're just trying to do exercises to send that signal. And there are a bunch of them I'm going to show you. I'm just going to show you in a casual way. Hey, it's me and you working here. I'm going to show you a few. And if you don't have some of these tools, you can easily do it off your stairs or any object where you can elevate yourself. Once you understand the principle, you're going to get so much effect out of these little simple pio and you're going to really see the results in your boxing as well. With these pio, you could train it once every four days, once every 5 days. It's nervous system stimulation. It's more neural than it is muscular. So, you take 4 days off, 5 days off, that's fine. Just keep at it. Keep at it. Keep at it. All right, let's get into it. I'll show you a few examples and a few things that you can do. All right, the first one. I have this plyio box. I bought this, but you know, I just want to have some fun with my workouts. You don't have to have a ply box. I'm going to assume that many of you many of you don't even have any equipment because I want you to be able to get the most effect out of your boxing without having to spend a lot of money. So, if you don't have any kind of box, then you just find some stairs somewhere. You go out hopefully in your house or in your apartment building or out somewhere at a park, a bench, stairs, anything. Okay, you get on top. My head might cut off during this up here. And all you're going to do is fall off. Now, at first when you fall, if you're new to this, you absorb a little bit, but as you get better, you want it stiff, almost like you're like a pole. Don't landing and you want to send that shock all the way through your body. So, you could just do these and you'd be surprised after some time, give it three to four weeks, you're going to suddenly feel that throttle in your body. Go up on a elevated surface. You drop stiff. Okay. Land on the balls of your feet. Boom. And stiff. And you keep working it. And keep working it. Start off easy. You go back. That's why this isn't like a grind workout. It's more neural stimulation. Up. And then boom. Sometimes I just play a song. I jog around. Pop up, you know, and boom. Okay. Stiff. this this this this stiff. How many you do depends you just go for a song casual. So going to do like 20 25 of them. Just that alone is going to start to stimulate the nervous system, give you a little more speed. All right, the next one, a low elevated surface. So I have this step, but you can just use a single stair anywhere. Studies show that some of the most effective heights are like 12 to 15 cm. So, it doesn't have to be that high. If you didn't have a step, anywhere, you could stand on anything elevated. Here, I have a dumbbell like I could even stand on this. It's a little bit of balance work, but anything that's going to get you that elevation. Okay, so you have that little bit of elevation off the step. Okay, what am I going to do? You've seen it. Okay, depth jumps, drop jumps. You're going to fall off the edge and then boom, you're going to jump up. You don't want this, okay? You don't want to absorb. You want to almost hit the ground, almost strike the ground. Of course, if you get to higher boxes, you will need to absorb a little bit depending on your level. But this is level one right here, just off of a single stair. I'm going to go and I'm going to fall and almost like I'm going to like strike the ground. I'm going to go up right away. This is the key. You want it, you want your lower body to be like shocked. Boom. You hit the ground and you just go. You don't even wait here. Boom. Okay. How many you going to do? Maybe 12 to 15 jumps. Take some time in between. It's not a grind. Breathing. All right. Here we go. Boom. And you hit the ground. and you go right away. Next level to that is same thing but you just get something higher. And again, I have these tools for different training and to keep my workouts interesting, but anything where you can find that elevated object. Don't think that this is necessarily be better than that. This is going to be tougher and more challenging once your levels reach there. But in the beginning, you're going to get a lot of results just out of that. So, you'd be surprised. This is once once you feel like, okay, I just need something more challenging. Same idea. Okay, here. Fall off, hit the ground, boom. Now, my body has to absorb a little bit more because I'm dropping harder. But it's the same idea. Minimal contact time. Minimal ground contact time. So, I'm not going to go here. I'm not going to do that. All right. I want to hit the ground and fly. But if you're new, you'll want to work here. Right? When you're in the beginning, you do want to get your body used to it. But once your body's used to it, you got your music playing. Okay. Go up. And then then you go and then you go again. All right. You work that. And again 10 12 13 blah blah blah 15 20. Go for a song. Take some time in between. It doesn't have to be a lot. You just want to really feel that stimulation. Now, another one I like to do, it can be off of the low step or the high step. And you can jump over something or you can jump onto something. Is the same thing but with a forward hop. I don't know why I really like these. They just give a different feel. Okay, so here I'm going to drop and then I'm going to go forward cuz a lot of times in your boxing, you know, you're going forward with that throttle. So, here, boom. I'm going to go and I'm going to hop on to that other object here. Let me bring this back. See, maybe you guys can see it a little bit more. Watch out for that. And boom. I'm just going to hit the ground and spring forward. Boom. Like this. If I want, I can try to jump over it, right? Give myself a little bit more space. Okay. Okay, you're going to tuck your legs on this. But at least gives you a little something to think about here. Boom. And get over it. But all that's all that's doing when you try to get over something is just putting pressure on yourself so that you tell your system like, "Man, you better give it your all to get over this." I go here and then boom. And I I'm forced to hit the ground quick. You don't want this. Okay? You don't want that. You want spring. D. Now, once you get really strong with this, then you can start doing a few other things. Single leg. These are sort of mini pios. Here you're on your box. Boom. Boom. The better you get, the less. Use your body to help you. Right. Other leg. Right? Like so popping up and down. So you would be in front of a stair near your home, a stair anywhere, little box, anything you can stand on and you work that. Another one you can work single leg is just where you just drop off and you go single leg. Here I'm going to strike the ground. Just strike the ground. That's a little bit more force. That's a little bit harder because there's no prep. The foot is just almost almost like you're kicking the ground, but it's a jump. Okay? You just get what you can. The key is not how high you jump. The key is can you give your body that shock, right? But as you're doing this, you're thinking long term over the weeks. You're not trying to do it all in in your very first workout. Start with the drops off the box. Start with these, right? These drops. Get your body used to it. Okay. Then here. Boom. Then higher jumps. Like so. Boom. Give yourself that spring. Get your body really used to it. One. If you're really really doing well, you give yourself a higher object like so, maybe a little target. Okay? And then you jump over it from a higher drop. So here I'm going to go from higher and then going to minimal ground contact time. Just boom. And you're gone. You combine that with all your other boxing and you're going to see as soon as that foot touches the ground. Oh, boom. [laughter] You're just going to feel that readiness provided that you're doing all your other training. One thing that's very important for boxers probably should have started with this, but I'm assuming you're doing all your training is as much as you can, you're working that pendulum. Doesn't mean you have to fight this way. Doesn't mean you have to start fighting like this. But you're preparing your muscles, your tendons, your ligaments, your fascia for that movement side to side. Here, preparing. They're getting used to that bung, that elasticity here. Then when you fight this way, boom. Okay. You're more ready for that in-n-out movement. It's just skipping rope, but this way more practical. That's all you're really doing is just skipping rope more practically. Little bit of conditioning, little bit of spring. Doesn't matter what kind of style you fight. This will always help you for that stop and start and in that movement and prepare you for those pio more explosiveness, more speed. It's so good for you. All right, you guys. Great job. Work those exercises. I'll see you in future videos and future workouts. In the meantime, keep your hands up, chin down, eyes on the prize. Peace.