Kind: captions Language: en One of the limitations of the heavy bag as opposed to shadow boxing is that the heavy bag forces you to hit all your targets in towards the center line. In other words, if I'm your opponent, it's as if I don't move my head at all. That's what the heavy bag does. You got the body here, but all targets boom, come into the center line. But when you get into real sparring, you realize that the head is moving here, back, back, dip, under. So all target is not always here coming into the center line. So it's worth it to take a little bit of time to adapt to an opponent who's moving their head. For example, jab, the opponent dips, boom, I chop that right hand down or one, two, and instead of hook here, one, two, throwing it off center. Because sometimes you get that opponent who dips, moves, pulls. Even the opponent especially who drops and comes into your chest, you got to get used to here. or here punching from uncomfortable angles. The bag doesn't give you that. The bag gives you that comfort zone. Target is always there. When you get the sparring, it's very awkward, especially when you get that person that's moving their head. Now, I don't want you to be reckless and start going like this and leaving yourself open. So, you would go quick and then you would move and cover yourself. Watch Tommy Hearns versus Duran. You see the first knockdown, he touches the chest and comes over, but you see Duran moving the head, homely chops that right hand down. It's not here straight. So getting used to those moving targets is very important. Another one is a fighter who pulls because here they're not always there. They're going back. Roy Jones Jr. versus Montel Griffin 2. He anticipates the pull and goes further. So sometimes you have to adjust opponent pulling their head back. Work that in shallow box. They include that. Factor that into some of your work. You'll have tons of time to hit down the center line on the double end bag. Boom. Boom. Boom. Every now and then work in anticipate the opponent is moving their head off the center line. Moving target and try to tag them. Boom.