Kind: captions Language: en When you work the pull counter, do you have to keep your hands up or can you drop your lead hand or drop your hands? Well, why do you keep your hands up? Generally, it's for safety and often best for beginners. You work and then you want that safety. You have both hands up just in case. And also a good habit for beginners. Also, if you're pressuring, you're like Canelo against Kovaleith going in pressuring, right? And then you're working here and you want to keep that cover. Now, why would you drop that lead hand? Is there a reason Andre Ward, Mayweather, any other boxer working the Philly shell, working long range, why do you drop that hand? It gives you more speed. More speed because the weight is down here, less weight up here. When you have to bring that hand with you, you're slower. When you drop the hand, you're faster. Now, keeping that in mind, what do you do to protect yourself? You make sure your chin is down. And when you roll back, you have that shoulder a little bit in front. So, you go like here. This protect against any straight shots or left hooks. You're all covered. This is for when you get more experience and you know your range. You've done this before, right? Boom. Boom. Right? So, you want more speed. you're able to work those edges. So for beginners, you learn something one way, but just because you learn it that way doesn't mean that's the only way. Doesn't mean that you don't evolve. So for you beginners, it's important to learn something, but try not to get caught in that mindset of, oh, that's the only way. Always hands up. Never any other way. It's going to limit you down the road. When you work the pull counter, tuck the chin, drop the hand, you get more speed, allows you to come back in quicker. So work that. Feel that out here. Boom. Boom. Boom. Like so. All right. Cover the chin, shoulder, and the hand. Drop that lead hand is going to get you more speed. You'll be quicker. And you have to understand how that works. Once you start becoming intermediate and advanced, you can start to play with those things a little bit.