Kind: captions Language: en I see a lot of confusion around a running program for boxing. Now, I will say that I don't think there is one program that is best for everybody. I do think you have to dial in what works for you. Originally, I had been doing a lot of long distance. And once I started to work more sprints, that's when I really saw the most benefit. But I think you have two camps and I see a lot of long distance runners and I see a lot of sprinters. And both of them if you don't incorporate both you're missing aspects of your boxing benefit for your boxing. If you are working only sprints you will feel that speed in your boxing. You will feel that you'll be able to handle that threshold but you will be limited or there will be some limit in your ability to cover recover between rounds. Not totally but some. So if you're in that sprint camp 15 seconds on 15 seconds off you might want to try more V2 max runs. 30 seconds run, 30 seconds off. 200 m around the track, but then work some distance. One day a week, 30 minutes. Boom. Work some intervals. Four sets, 3 minutes at the fastest pace you can maintain for that 3 minutes, your three minute pace. Run that minute break in between, just like a boxing match. Work your threshold. Work your sprints. Different kinds. top speed, long rest or sprint repeatability, short recovery. So try to work all those different aspects. 30 minute runs, working your oxygen transport system. Intervals, 3 minutes, the fastest pace you can maintain, one minute break, do four to five sets of that. V2 max run 30 seconds, boom, top speed, full recovery, sprint repeatability, 10 to 15 seconds, boom, rest, go again, rest, go again. So many different ways you can train. Dial in what works for you. But don't neglect any of them. That's the key thing. Don't think, "Oh, this is the best. Forget that. That's the best. Forget that." That's where the ignorance comes in. You've got to work them all together and dial in where you're seeing the most benefit.