Kind: captions Language: en Shoulder problems are a pretty serious issue in boxing. So, first of all, I'm going to give you my anecdotal experience and how I fix some of my shoulder problems. I'm not a specialist. I'm not a physiootherapist. So, it's just my experience. You should go seek help from a specialist if you are having shoulder issues. They can diagnose it for you much better. For me, I had serious shoulder tenonitis. Actually, it's the long head of the bicep. And I now know how I got it because I started doing a lot of work southpaw and on southpaw I don't have that good technique built up for years. So I tend to overwork the arm as opposed to use the body. So one of the reasons that you're often getting these shoulder problems to begin with is bad technique. Not really bad, but it's not connected. Right? So often when your technique is not connected, your arm is kind of going ahead of the body here. your shoulder is making that punch happen as opposed to your body going and then the arm is kind of just holding on enough and following through and releasing. Good example is watch Muhammad Ali shadow boxing. He almost looks like he has bad technique. He almost looks lazy, but it's really cuz he's connected. He's using his body and not his arms to punch. So take a little bit off of your punching. Right? And if you've been punching hard, you're probably working the shoulders too much. You got to use your body and just be a little bit lazy with it for a little while. So that will sort of undo some of the problems. Another thing that you can do is start to treat your body as one connected unit. These motions, opening, opening. Go easy. Go easy. Closing. Closing. Here. Turning. Turning. turning. Okay, here. Swinging. Swinging. All right, swinging. All right, these open stretch motions, right? They just get your body connected and used to connecting your your fascia, your whole Spider-Man suit on the outside. So, start to gently introduce these motions into your training. Go easier on your box and get your body more connected. And of course, seek the advice of a specialist. So sometimes what happens is we watch a bunch of YouTube videos and we try to go in on that area and do something in on that area, but the problem is really how the body is connected and how your technique is connected.