Kind: captions Language: en Here's a great drill for you guys to help you improve your overall understanding of boxing. I set up three lines on the floor with tape. One straight and then two on an angle. Now, you don't have to have the tape. This is just to help give you a visual marker, but any kind of line is going to help. The first thing you have to understand is when you want to hit your opponent, you have to move to them. You have to cover that distance. And ideally, you want to get back to your safe distance. And that's with your footwork. You have to cover that distance and then get back. Of course, sometimes you do keep moving forward, but this is going to teach you one really good aspect of boxing. That is to cover your distance, strike, and then get back to your safe zone. So, you just start off easy with the jab and just feel how that is to hit someone and then realize that you want to get back to your spot here. Now, from there, once you start adding more combos, you realize how challenging it is. You throw one, two, boom, and you want to get back. That takes a lot of energy out of the legs. It's a lot of work. So, you start to work that jab, one, two, and even just to get back. Bam. Takes a lot out of the legs, a lot of work. So, you start to work that. Now, you can make it one, two, three, or even two. And you throw the two. You realize you got to step first, right? You're not going to just go like that step. Maybe you fake the jab and then you get back. Now we have these other elements and that's moving. Step, pivot. Now I'm moving on these angles, playing around, stepping off, resetting. You can work all aspects of footwork. Step, pivot out, pivot back in, step off. faint. When you have to go in and come back, you realize how important your balance is. If my balance is forward, that's good if I want to keep moving forward. But if I want to come back, keep your balance centered, maybe a little bit back, boom, it's easier to move. So once you start to put that pressure on yourself in and out, you feel some different aspects of boxing learning both this way and through the movements.