Kind: captions Language: en Southpaw versus orthodox, orthodox versus southpaw tactics. It really all comes down to understanding the position. A lot of it has to do with the jab and how you usually set up your offense. The outside foot is important, but that's really only important in relation to what's happening up here. If you are orthodox and I'm a southpaw, let's get in that position. If you are orthodox and I'm a southpaw, our lead hands are clashing. there are both in the way of each other. There's no clear path to jab you. So, this lead hand becomes a battle because I don't have an opening to go straight down. But where is my opening? It's with the straight left coming down the pipe cuz your rear hand is back there. Unless you have some kind of guard like this. I can come right down. And that's where that outside foot position helps. Because if I step outside, step a little bit forward and outside. I know you can't see it, but you can see what's happening up here. Well, you'll notice it. Step outside. Now, I have a nice path down your center line. My head is off the center line. The problem with throwing your straight left as your jab or your straight right as your jab is that you usually only get one before you have to follow up. It's not like the jab where you can move in and out and back and forth and really touch and play with it. You usually get one. I mean, sure, you can double up. It takes training and practice. So you've got this the straight left, the straight right becomes your jab. But then there's another battle that's happening up here with the jab. We're both in the way of each other. So there are two openings. One is I can come around like this. You see Crawford use that a lot coming around. Coming around, but it's not easy to just go boom and come around like that. Usually you have to set it up. So a good setup is touch around. You touch the glove to get them to commit. Touch. Boom. Now, if I get you start worrying about what's coming around, touch. I'm coming around. Maybe I can get you to move your hand off center. And then I have another opening. And that is here. Touch. Come straight down vertical like so. I get you to move your hand over. So, it becomes a little bit of a game of coming around, coming straight down the pipe here. Vertical fist. Coming with a straight left. All right. These are some of the games and tactics you play. And the foot is allowing you to get that slight angle to set the shot. Another one is coming over top. Touch. Boom. Coming over top. Touch. Boom. Coming over top. What you don't want is their jab to come over top of you where you go here and then they throw it. You got to be ready. We're going to go low touch and the jab comes. Boom. I got to be ready to dip and to cover. So these are all some of the aspects of southpaw orthodox. It really starts off with the jab and the clashing of hands and how to get around that with the different tactics and how the feet set up to give you that angle.