Kind: captions Language: en I get a lot of requests for a training plan. How much of this should I do? How much of that should I do? How much of this? Should I strength train? Should I do pio? And I can tell you right now that you don't need a plan. You only need to do one thing. You need one thing. And that one thing will guide all of your training. Your plan will easily come out of that. And that one thing is you need to manage your energy outside of the gym. Good quality sleep, low stress, decent natural diet. I mean, without getting into details, you kind of know chocolate bars, chips, fries, not on the menu. Caffeine, cut it. Caffeine is the silent killer. It will drain your energy as the weeks go on. Alcohol, other things, you already know about that. Stress, sleep, any stimulants. Manage your energy outside of the gym. Try to become as natural and as relaxed as you possibly can. Then when you come into that gym, your plan is going to come out of you. I don't care if you do four rounds with high energy, those four rounds are better than somebody doing eight with low energy. You come in, you haven't been managing your energy, you do eight rounds, 10 rounds, it's not going to be the same as somebody going four or six, giving it their all. When you have that energy from managing your energy outside the gym, you will do those extra rounds. You will do the abs that you didn't want to do. You wanted to go home, but then you're like, "Oh, man. I got energy. I'm going to do those abs." You're going to do your burpees. You're going to go for your run later that day or earlier in the morning. You're going to go for the run the next day. You're going to be in the gym the next day. If you drink alcohol Friday, Saturday, that's a withdrawal on your energy bank account. It is. And you won't show up to the gym Tuesday or Wednesday, there's going to be a day of the week where you're going to go, "Oh, no." Cuz you're just not going to have it. you took that energy out of your bank account. Same with caffeine. It's going to make you weeks down the road be like, "H man, I think I need to go home now." Now, I'm not preaching because I'm an expert. I have fallen to these flaws myself, and that's how I know from real experience. Manage your energy outside the gym and you're going to be amazing inside the gym.