Kind: captions Language: en One thing to understand about boxing, boxing is a sport of probabilities. Just like a lot of sports, we are trying to put the probabilities on our side. May the odds be ever in your favor. That is the goal. That is the ideal. But we are not looking at certainties. And I can see this fear in a lot of the comments, in a lot of the questions. What if I do what you said and this happens? or what if when I'm doing that that happens or what if this happens or if I do that and then the opponent does this right and understand that all of this can happen there is always risk involved so what you have to ask yourself is is executing that technique putting the probabilities in your favor you are less likely to get hit if you are moving your head or are you less likely to get hit keeping your head still are you better off throwing a hook this way. Is it worth it to get a more effective hook even though somebody might time you just perfectly? There is always the possibility and you have to understand are you putting probabilities in your favor. If the probabilities are not in your favor, then work the alternative, do the alternative, but understand that risk and reward go hand in hand. There is the mindset of okay, I just don't want to lose or I just don't want to get knocked out versus I'm trying to win. And when you try to win, you take more risk to try to get that win. You've all seen the fighter for 12 rounds just cover up and just not lose, not get knocked out. So, it goes both ways with what you're trying to do. But I will tell you that the biggest risk that you are going to face in boxing, the number one risk is to know in your heart that you didn't train hard enough to know that you didn't give it your all when you could have. And that doesn't necessarily mean just in intensity. It could mean you're neglecting your defense, neglecting your footwork, neglecting your head movement, neglecting something. You didn't do enough sparring. You packed up your bag and went home early. You could have done more rounds. Your biggest risk is knowing in your heart that you could have done more. And if you minimize that risk, you're going to minimize a lot of risks, a lot of possibilities. Anything can happen. But your goal is to put the probabilities in your favor. If something puts the probabilities in your favor, it's better. If not then start to think of the alternatives.