Kind: captions Language: en When you are a beginner, good defense is your gateway to the next level. Your defense should get to the point where you could literally just stand right in front of someone and block all their shots and just hang in there and be totally safe. The key to defense, regardless of the guard you have, is your reaction to punches. The jab comes. How do you react to the jab? The right hand comes, how do you react to the right hand? What do you do? Lead hook, uppercut, same thing. But what your guard does is it shuts down certain options. And for every option it shuts down, it leaves others open. For example, if I have the standard amateur boxing guard, I'm generally shutting down the middle up the center, but there are openings around the side. So, I have to be ready for them. I have to be ready in case those punches come. Long range guard shuts the middle down even more and kind of gives my opponent something to think about. Especially if I have long range here. But, of course, overhand right lead hook. So, I have to be ready when punches come around and nothing's there either by guarding or moving. I know what I'm covering and I know what I've left open. Peekab-boo here. Okay. primarily chin covered, body covered, but top of the head open. So, I have to be ready with the head movement in case shots come up here. High guard. I'm blocking things all coming around. Body is a little bit open. High guard here or here. Here or here. The body is open. The person implementing the high guard knows that. You don't do this and not know how do you block body shots? Bring the hand down. Boom. Boom. Okay. Shots to the chest here. Here. Here. You bring the hands in. High low. High low. Here. Here. Philly shell here. Body side covered here. Left side open. If you have the hand here, overhand right. So, you got to watch out for it. You got to be ready for what you've left behind. open guard like so. This is great actually for blocking hooks, preventing the person from wanting to come around, but they come up the middle. So, you have to know that stuff come up the middle and you have to be ready for it. But before any of that, it's your reaction and your ability to react to the punch. Regardless of your guard, if you can't see the punch and react to it, you're going to get hit. And that's your primary concern.