Kind: captions Language: en What does it mean to collect data on your opponent? You hear that about fighters collecting data, downloading information, lomenko, downloading information. You may use this not only in a fight, but maybe you go to a new gym sparring and you don't want to open up. You want to kind of collect some data and see. This means that you are having a safe way of finding out how your opponent responds to things and what their intent is. It's a safe way to see how your opponent reacts. For example, a common one, Mayweather. He would come out long range, throw the jab or a single punch just short, maybe not even meant to land, boom, and then move the head and then get out. Or another way is to come close and then immediately quickly get out. You see Mayweather work that he would throw one punch, boom, duck. He's not meant to open up or throw a lot of punches, but just something just to see, is this person countering? Are they evading? Are they coming right in? You see Lomchenko working in face to face, not committing, seeing is this opponent aggressive? Are they aggressive? Are they moving? How are they going to try to handle things? Another one is you throw the punch and then you move. Boom. Boom. Boom. Single punch. You see Canelo sometimes coming in hands high. Safe. Want to see? Okay. Boom. Boom. Boom. Watch what you do. What do you throw? What are your patterns? Where are you open? Just see it without even really looking for anything. What do you see? The idea is to safely find out how your opponent responds. How what is their intent? You may throw a jab. Boom. Move your head. The opponent retreats. Okay, now you know you got to catch them. Or they just cover and they hold their ground. Or they counter. As soon as you throw, they throw. So you know, oh, okay, this is their timing. This is what I got to look for. And it'll change the way you open up and when you open up. Collecting data. You want to find out what they do in a safe way. Covering is one way. Throwing a punch, moving, circling, footwork, rhythmic footwork. Just opening up a little bit, not too much. Seeing how your opponent responds. That's what it means to collect data.