Kind: captions Language: en What is the purpose of the Roger Mayweather style of padwork? The flow, the continuous flow. A lot of people have different conceptions. Oh, that flow stuff is no good. It just does this. It just does that. This is better. No, that's better. Oh, it's actually good. The purpose of that style of pad work originally is to teach counter punching. To teach that counter punching is an automatic part of defense and boxing. So, for example, you throw 1 2 3, get ready. Here comes me counter punching back. So, you block or you duck. But guess what? Just because you block or duck, that doesn't mean it's over. That doesn't mean the exchange is done. Now you counter back. One, two, three. Boom, boom, boom, boom. D. All right. So, that's how it originally evolved as teaching counter punching. You block, you counter. You punch, you block, you counter. Now, if you connect all of those together, all those flows of punching and blocking and counter punching, then you can create a continuous flow sequence. And then you can look at it and say, "Oh, well, that's useless. You'd never use that in a fight." And yeah, if you're training a basic boxer to go out there, boom, you don't need it. You watch Gennady Golovkin on pads, boom, just power shots. You watch Canel. It's not necessary, but it does have a purpose. And that purpose is to connect your mind with your offense. your blocking and that counter punching because beginners they get stuck. They stop. This is beginner. They they stop their sentences in their mind come short. They don't know how to flow because they don't speak the language of boxing. They don't know how to flow with it. So once you start getting someone to work oh block counter block counter duck counter duck counter. Now you're getting someone to flow in their mind. Then they can go out there and do short combos. Boom. Boom. And put it together. It's not necessary to make someone a good boxer. Very helpful for beginners. Very useful for teaching counter punching.