Kind: captions Language: en Here with Dorian Olivarez, the new WNO lightweight champion. Dorian, how you feeling right now, bro? I'm feeling good. &gt;&gt; [sighs] &gt;&gt; Uh I'm I'm pretty proud of how I did. Felt like uh these matches were were pretty tactical matches. Um I felt like Yeah, I felt like I did great, yeah. Tell me about that moment. First time you become the champion of a major promotion, dominate the opponents. Tell me about how it felt there, you know, in in Austin, Texas to get crowned the lightweight champion. What what that feel like? It it felt really good. I had a lot of friends and family that that came out to uh to watch and support. So, it was a really good feeling, you you know, having my my family and and friends there and and and especially having them there and then performing the way I did, I felt like I I performed really well. Uh wasn't chasing anything. Was playing very uh tactical and very smart, so it was it was a great performance. Definitely was, man. I felt like this is one of the best versions of you that we've ever seen, which is, you know, really saying something considering what we've seen from you before. Do you feel like there was anything special or extra in the preparation in any way that helped add to that or is it just sharpening the skills over time? Here we are. Uh just to sharpening my skills over time. I feel like I improve uh I'm a lot very quickly. Um this is actually the the first year that I'm focusing primarily on grappling because in the past I I wrestled in in high school, so I would I would split my time half the year wrestling and then the rest of the year grappling. So, uh it was it was kind of cool because this is the first year where I'm focusing primarily on grappling. Uh and yeah, it was nice, yeah. Pretty amazing. Let's go through the bracket a little bit. Let's talk about your first match. Julian, you go out, you pick up the submission add to your submission history. Uh tell me about that match and and how you were able to get the submission win. Um yeah, I felt it was uh I I felt really confident going into that match. Um obviously I I had competed against him before and was able to submit him. Um I felt like this time he was obviously he was a little bit bigger because he didn't cut as much weight, but I also felt like he was more prepared uh for that match, so it took me just a little bit longer to to break him down and before I submitted him. Um but but uh yeah, overall I felt like it was it was a good match. It just took me a while to uh to get where I wanted before I finished him. So, yeah. There you go. Uh you were able to pick up the submission win with the rear naked choke, pretty awesome. Then you're getting ready for the final. Uh DeAndre, was that the match you expected? Did you have an expectation at all? Um whenever it's a tournament, I try just to focus on one match at a time. So, I wasn't really thinking about who I might be going against, whether it be Max Hanson or DeAndre, but um I was I was prepared for either guy. Um cuz it's it's a tournament, so you never know. Like I don't want I don't like to focus just on on one guy and then end up being another one, so um it was you know, I I it kind of made sense. I I I I believe DeAndre might have had a win over Max Hanson in the past. I could be wrong, but uh you know, I I I I figured it would it would possibly be me and him in the finals. There you go. Tell me about the final. Tell me about how the match went and how you were able to pick up the win. Yeah, so um DeAndre had uh his his wrestling is is pretty good. So, it took me a while um before I could uh take him down and control him. I took him down uh twice. Uh once in the beginning early on off of going for a guillotine and then he came up and then I doubled him or singled uh something like that. Uh but then he ended up standing up and then um then I can't remember how the last takedown I got before I I got to his back on that last takedown. 15 minutes is a long time, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it was a long match. But um yeah, it was his wrestling was was was good, so it made it uh I had I had to be very tac- tactical, like I said earlier, and patient and choose, you know, how I how I grappled very wisely, I felt like. Um I don't want to leave myself open uh to any like scrambles or anything where you know, he like gets to my back or something like that because it was I felt like that was probably his best chance was off of me making some kind of mistake and then him trying to capitalize off of it and trying to get to my back. Felt like that's probably probably was his best shot at trying to win, basically. I know you were getting a lot of good advice from the corner tonight. Had your dad there, had your coaches your other coaches with Gordon, with with John there. All those guys. Can you tell me about, you know, some of the advice you were getting and responding to that? I know once I saw your dad telling you to turn it up. It was like, you know, you turned it up immediately. Tell me about, you know, hearing that advice and responding so quickly. Yeah, so something that me and my dad uh talked about was um since it's 15 minutes, trying to come in like not super uh aggressive and hard right away, kind of building up uh the the pace and uh that's basically what happened with with me and DeAndre. I started at a a good pace I can maintain and then in like a couple minutes in, I could just tell that there was a difference between how we were breathing and he was fatiguing a lot quicker than I was, even though there wasn't a lot happening in up until like halfway point of the match. Um I felt like he was just getting tired from reacting so much to my to my fakes and in the hand fighting exchanges. So, yeah. I I saw you on the mats afterwards celebrating with mom and dad. Dad's been coaching you for so long, helping you reach such a great level. Uh your sister as well, obviously, you know, your whole family. How does it feel being able to celebrate this with your whole family? Feels great. It's uh it's really good feeling you know, having my family there and and winning, so it's it's awesome feeling. Uh it's always, you know, a fun time when when you're winning, so yeah. For sure. Yeah. Uh so, this division was this used to be Pato's belt. He was not able to defend it, so you become the champion. Pato still wants that match and he says he's ready to face whoever the champion is and he's ready to come back compete for this belt. How does it feel hearing that? I think that's a a good match. Like I said before, I think it'd be a very entertaining match and it's it's definitely a match that I'm looking forward to. Super dangerous guy. How does it feel facing, you know, you you know, this guy's got some of the best leg locks, some of the best arm locks. Dangerous guy. I faced a lot of dangerous guys. I've faced Felipe Pena, Luke Griffith. I've I've faced some of the the biggest, scariest guys you could face, so it's no problem for me. Just another day? Yeah. There you go. Uh man, awesome performance. Now you're the Who's Number One champion. We might have the next match kind of in line right with Pato, obviously deserving of a title shot. Um a lot of good stuff here tonight. Before we get out of here, is there anyone else you want to thank, uh sponsors, anything else like this uh that you want to say? Now's a good time. &gt;&gt; Yeah, um I want to start uh by shouting out Team Gasa. Uh Live It, Live It Nation, check out their supplements. They got some great supplements that I've been using for the past couple months, so go check them out. Uh Perfect Occasion, check them out on Instagram. You can uh uh DM them. Uh check out Neutral Zone Clean. You guys want to stay clean after and before training. And then also check out Premium.