Kind: captions Language: en Fight. 9 minutes of action between the two 15-year-olds. Ben Davis here alongside Shawn Williams. Shawn, these kids just know how to start the tone for an event of this magnitude. &gt;&gt; Yeah, both strong wrestling backgrounds and and right away right away Connor sitting in on the legs. He'll have to pummel that right leg underneath. Connor's accolades really speaking for themselves. 2021 IBJJF American National Kids Champ, as well as the 2026 ADCC Youth Worlds invitee. A lot of gold at home for Stahmer. &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's grip fighting. Navarro has to watch this left side here. His His left side is going to have to grip fight that or bring that leg back. And you think about this rule set, right? No points, no advantages. It is calibrated towards violence. Yeah, and you know, not every competition allows all rules. So, it's something else that's different for for a lot of these kids that they they don't get to fight this way all the time. He's on an arm here, is Navarro. But nothing doing. Stahmer got the legs involved. Two tournaments on tonight's WNO card. The lightweight crown will find a new home and our youth grand prix showcasing some more 145ers as they get into the first chapters of their careers. Stahmer, nice going from inside inversions to outside inversions. He's doing a very nice job of moving, but let's see if he can get that something going. Arm drag attempt there. If you're Nikola Navarro, right? You've had 2 minutes on top of Connor Stahmer, but Stahmer's been quite busy, quite active. What is the puzzle as this match up continues? &gt;&gt; So, for Navarro, it's about about this right hand. Get getting up getting that out. Now kind of terri- footlock coming on strong. He's going to peel it push pull this foot over the leg, does Navarro. But that right side I mean, the near side is always important, but the right side at the moment of him controlling this leg to stop inversions, put a left hook in or left that left foot could go into the inside. Stops all these inversions. And then getting underhooks and coming down and getting more connected. Right now, he's Stahmer is keeping him at bay. He's trying to footlock here. He's trying to steam a lock. Deeply entangled through 2 and 1/2. Nikola Navarro, 2026 ADCC Youth Worlds invitee in his own right, as well as the 2025 ADCC San Diego Open semifinalist. So, a high-level experience clash to begin tonight's action. Stahmer with so much focus on those lower appendages, really locked in on the right leg. Navarro has shown this a couple different times. And now, I don't know if he's trying to get the he could pop past the leg or past his head underneath that top leg. attempting to go aerial several times. Stahmer real nice rolls to keep tracking. Las Vegas representative. Reset to the center. 5:45 to go. Fight. See the right hand could be pump punching underhooks and and literally jumping his head onto his left side towards the floor. It just gets connection in there. But right now, he cannot because there's a two-on-one. He's got to release that cross hand wrist. Navarro really minding the P's and Q's, dotting the I's, trying to cross the T's on top of Stahmer. Yeah, Stahmer needs to move the hips back a little bit. You see it like he's he's in this place I call the sweet spot. When he sits up there and right there, he's got to move his hips back a little bit to get a little stronger. That way, he can go under with a little more momentum. He can invert with a little more momentum, but that could leave him open for Navarro to dive in there with an underhook if he stays in that sweet spot too long. And the significance, Shawn, of Nicky Ryan, Damian Anderson in the corner here for Connor Stahmer. I mean, if you want anyone telling you what to do in these sequences, it'd probably that be them. Yeah, excellent coaching. Excellent. Excellent athletes, yeah. Now, here's where Navarro could dive at. He's He tried to dive into a Kimura. There's where he can punch that right underhook in right here and get his head on the mat. Not now because the knee is too high, but 4 minutes remain between the featherweights. And for that sequence, right? Diving over for that Kimura. Is that just an explosion, right? You need more on the gas to get through that spot? It can I mean, if you can get it, it's it can help you pass the guard, but it can just create some movement. Some variety. Such that you know, the the guard player may not be quite as committed to staying seated or so. Both strategies competitive and even. 3:30 remains. Now, in the final chapters of this featherweight bout, it seems like maybe going from plan A to plan B could be paramount for either fighter. Yeah, again, now Navarro's on a foot tight. I mean, he's got a pretty good grip on this. Let's see if he can isolate. Nice get that leg there. That's a very tight footlock. Let's see if he can create any pressure. He's got a figure four lock on the legs. So, we'll see if he elects to go from straight Problem with the straight Achilles. Fight. You stop it, but he you don't have the feet on the hips to get more power. You have a figure four over the hips. Sometimes, you reach your limit of power, so And smart from Stahmer to roll themselves almost all the way to the back. &gt;&gt; [applause] &gt;&gt; Connor Stahmer was searching for the lower limbs all battle long. Gets it done with 2:30 to go. And that might be one of those instances where the reset, you know what I mean? If