Kind: captions Language: en [cheering] &gt;&gt; Chiseled from stone bats away the debutante right at the end. Espinoza needs to get the cross hand on the wrist and then put that shoehorn in on that near side. 9:15 on the clock. Oh, that was nice. He just pulled the head up. He's got a arm in. Espinoza really stopping his defense. Last line of defense here for Espinoza. He's got to get his hands back in and start bridging up. And it's getting it's getting closer. He put his hands up. He might eat I may I don't know if he's just going to tap here or Dorian stance, Mike. Got to look up to the ceiling does Espinoza. If he can get to the look up to the ceiling get his back on the ground he'll he'll get out of that. Oh, he got it. Can't can't [cheering and applause] can't get out of that strangle. Could not get his back on the floor far enough. Getting around one side settling in with that knee middle. See that nice left left hook left butterfly hook from Cenos like triangle he actually got an omo plata right there. &gt;&gt; [applause] &gt;&gt; He caught an omo plata like deceiving some of those things but he got stuck. On the hips to get more power out of the figure four. Over the hips sometimes you reach your limit of power so and smart from Stahmer to roll themselves almost all the way to the back. &gt;&gt; [cheering] [applause] &gt;&gt; Tanner Victoria's 10 submission wins per hour stats. It's a high clip of that sub. And if you're Mona Bailey right you got to tie. But that was that was initially on PRETTY WELL THERE. SO SHE GOT that Aoki style footlock straight footlock and that you got that foot turned where the heel went to the ribs. Got to get Tommy coming here. Back to the gift wrap. He's got the side cot of Tommy but it's a little bit difficult with that elbow that low. He's got to put his chest really high. 40 seconds on the clock. Mataya making some moves. Going to get He's looking for that neck. They had that arm isolated. Lost the isolation of the arm. It's working the hand fight. Doctor Nick trying to diagnose a rear naked choke at the end. He's got 15 on the clock. Yeah, he's got it on the on the jaw which will work. There it is. [cheering] Nick Mataya down two favors doesn't need them. Taps out the full dose of FOREMAN WITH SECONDS REMAINING.