Kind: captions Language: en Ladies and gentlemen, greetings from the center of Eurasia. Today we call to your attention a tournament of champions, the Aiga Champions League quarterfinals. Four teams will compete this weekend. Team Medal, Team Al Leone, last season's finalist, Team Nurmagamed, and the returning champions, Universal Fighters. These four teams will compete over the next two days to determine the last two teams to advance to the final four. So, as we start, I invite the first pair of teams. Up first in the red corner, team nerv. Up first at 60 kg, Alihan Igbeck. And at 65 kg, Agashenov Arur. Four. [Music] At 70 kg, Ali Beckov Gaji Morad. [Music] at 76 kg. Bagir Gazeratov. [Music] competing at 83 kg. Dvood Magameoth [Music] and at 91 kg Murad Rama. [Music] And competing at over 91 kg, Ibraimoff Magamed. [Music] and their opponents in the blue corner. Universal fighters up first at 60 kg, Shabanov Megamed. [Music] That's 65 kg for Universal Fighters. Akamadov Zur. [Music] and a 70 kg guy Ibrahimov. [Music] We shall shall be covered. And at 76 kilograms, Kite Masov Rashid. Hallelujah. And at 83 kg, Adilof Abdul Shal. [Music] at 91 kilograms. Abdulai of Gaji Morad. And at 91 plus kilograms, Abdul Lav Ran God. [Music] Now, if the two team captains can join me with the head referee in the center of the mat, we will draw the order of weights. The first weight will be 65 kg. The second weight will be 83 kg. The third weight will be plus 91 kg. The fourth weight will be 76 kg. The fifth weight will be 91 kg and the sixth weight will be 60 kg means our seventh and final weight will be 70 kg. All right, up first will be 65 kg. You understand? [Music] Heat. [Music] So ladies and gentlemen, live from Almadi, Kazakhstan. It's round two of the AIGA Champions League quarterfinals. Uh the first eye starts with Universal Fighters versus Normad of MMA School. I'm Baronard uh joined by the legend himself say Don Kay. Welcome buddy. Hey welcome to back. Can you hear me? Well, can you So, apologies for the delay. Uh, ladies and gentlemen, experienced some technical difficulties, but uh we're going to sort them out. So, um let's go over some of uh the details of uh the uh the rule set. Yes. Yeah. I'm all ears. Okay. What we have here is uh the it's the quarterfinals where we have four teams. It's a roundroin format where all teams will be fighting each other. So, everybody gets a chance um everybody gets a chance and uh to uh you know to get on the scoreboard. Uh and uh it's seven fighters for each team. Uh the first fighter to reach four wins basically uh the first team to get four wins basically wins that tie. Um regardless of the result, all seven fighters will be fighting. All seven matches will be conducted. Uh the basis of the points are um submission fighting world federation which is 80CC with minor adjustments. for example, the first uh few minutes, in this case, the first two minutes if I'm correct, where uh no points are accumulated, you can get points for a takedown. Uh there are three fiveminute rounds, which means that the fighter to win two rounds regardless of the point differentiation between uh the the the rounds will win the fight. However, there is the uh submission uh stipulation where whoever wins via submission will take the fight regardless if they're behind on the scorecard two rounds or if it happens in the first minute of the first round, the fight is basically over. So, uh that uh I think covers uh Thank you for clarifying. Yeah, thank you. That that we probably have to do it few times because different people will be joining. Absolutely. Different times. And is it So far we have our first match between two teams from Dagistan. One is Norm Magamemed MMA School and another one Universal Fighters. Just to for some of you guys uh to give you a little bit um if you're not familiar with the teams, I would say Universal Fighters is more like grappling and jiu-jitsu based team. They're they do very well in the circuit of um Abu Dhabi, what is it like a UA UAE Federation called AGP, the AGP World Pro and UWW like wrestling organization. So they're very experienced in um in those organization not really popular in IBGF. Um they do like however the ADCC rules and let's see we have so far our first match here between Zurdov and Arur Gashir. And u see so far it's - 65 kg fight that's taking place right now. Arur is a 26-year-old black belt. Uh he is from Agat team and he trains out of uh Mahachkala that's in uh in Dalistan. Uh some of the notable titles that he has uh he is a Abu Dhabi grand slam Moscow go have a honeyhole entry here round potential heel hook. Zur is roll trying to roll out of this submission and successfully does so. Also another circuit that the fighters from this part of the world fight in is the ACBJ. You're obviously very familiar with that. Um fighter right now Arur he is an ACBJ world open championship in G and no ghee G 2021 gold at brown bronze at purple and gold at blue belt in GE. So he was on a tear basically over there. And um have a guard pass attempt here by Zur. You mentioned there was um we had a honeyhole position and there was an attack for heel hooks. So everybody has to know that heel hooks are allowed. Yeah, heel hooks are allowed for the Champions League. In the overall um IGA rule set for the other tournaments. Uh heel hooks are not allowed but because of the level of professionalism in this tournament uh uh heel hooks did we mention that it's going to be three rounds of 5 minutes? I did. Yeah. So I did. So that's remind me it was the first minute right for the take uh for two minutes. First two minutes. Two minutes. It's a 6-minute round and two and four. Two minutes where only points count. You said six minute round. It was five. If it's If it's 5 minutes, then it's two and three, 6 minutes, two and four. [Music] We'll see now. There's so many rule sets, so many rules set, so many different tournaments. Sometimes they overlap each other, but see uh I'm sure we got the overall um the overall gist of it was was uh the three rounds, three fiveminute rounds and then the team format, the team competition format is whoever wins four of the seven fights takes that tie. So what's happening here is that the fighters are going to qualify basically for the next round. The fighters are going to qualify for the next round, which means that the two top teams from these four will be automatically going to the quarterfinals to fight team Assai and um team battle force where the two teams have won the first quarter final round. So had Asai Republic and Battle Force. Asai Republic and Battle Force. So we need two winners in this out of this four. first top two teams will be going on to face uh those two teams in the semi-finals and final rounds which will be they will not be I believe will not be round robin. Two teams will fight for the semis and then the winners will fight the next day in the finals and the two teams will fight for a bronze because their um uh prize money is allocated to the first top three teams. So there will be a fight for the uh third place and bronze medal. Remind me please. So first two first 2 minutes or 1 minute is no points right? First only for take down 2 minutes take down counts. Yes but they can pull guard with a connection with a connection. You can pull a guard. Yes. So so far we have here um our tour pool guard. Probably going to be looking again for that honey hole. See right here. Look. Oh going for knee bar. Let's see. Zawur is like trying to Zahur is trying to pass guard. Still no points even if he does. Oh, let's see. Let's see. We have submission attempt right here. He's going for a dar. Yeah. Okay. Back to half guard. [Music] He's trying to do kimat. So that's a 3minut mark. That's a three-minute mark there on the uh it's familiar similar to what what they do in ADC where uh the uh the referee counts uh he shouts out points. So now uh the um guard passing and the sweeps will make more sense. It's unless you're really searching for a submission in the first two minutes, you know, you get a guard pass, you you put in a lot of effort to get it. If you're not going to get a submission, then basically you've, you know, wasted the effort. And there's no guarantee you're going to maintain that, you know, dominant position. And maybe that's like a strategy for the fighter on the bottom to just, you know, invite you in and probably try to set up something and catch you with it. So yeah, there's definitely a strategy to play here uh with the rule set with the time. Of course, it's the three five minute rounds. So um they also they also sorry for interrupted they also need to make sure they don't go too crazy in the beginning because people uh don't count the high altitude. A lot of people when they when they come here they they told me like hey when they first was fighting like the guys from Universal fighters were telling if you go hard in the beginning you're going to be breathing hard. Yeah definitely. And me and you when we trained we felt it too right? We did. We did. Actually, where I train, Terron, it's pretty pretty similar. Pretty similar. We've got No, definitely. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I did feel it. Maybe we were feeling that to the jet lag also. It was jet lag and then the two three days of commentating and all that. So, it was a combination of factors. Yeah. So, so far here, Arur on bottom, I see him trying more. is really like um making a tense and Zur is fighting more conservative like trying to be more careful and look for his opportunities. Um I've seen his fights before. Um you know they they like to really play with points. You know you'll see a lot of guys um from that region. They're going to be sometimes some of them may have exciting fun matches and some of them will be making it like more like strategic war you know try to try to get more like a make it make you a partner like right now you see Arur is like really trying really trying and then maybe he makes one mistake where it gives opportunity for Zur to catch him or maybe get points or something. So let's see but so far it looks like Arun's Arur is doing better job. Yeah, he also had the leg lock attack in the first round. So basically he's threatening when this round winds down, we're going to have two rounds for uh for our tour. Yeah. So that means that um Z would need So how does it go? First round was 0 0. Second round is 0 0. No 0 0. uh if they if they are tied 0 0 or no if they're just basically uh so we got three rounds. Okay, first round is 0 0. Second round might might be a tie for example let's say or or second round somebody takes the second round. Okay, for example two uh the fighter from Universal Fighters takes it and the third round the other fighter takes it regardless of the scorecard it will go to a referee decision. Yeah. Yeah. Well, right now we have two rounds of draw. Yeah, we have a third round. Whoever wins third round, whoever wins wins. Yes. Draw, then referee decision. And the first two rounds basically there was a submission attempt here, but overall round one, um, our tour had a a leg lock. Second round, one submission attempt for each of them. So basically going into the third round, I would predict that Rur is ahead right now because he got if you if you want to get the second round, he seems more like going for submission. At the end of the day, submission is what matters. Exactly. So let's see. And Zur, I remember watching him yesterday. He was having hard time to cut weight too. So maybe he's trying to save some energy as well. Maybe. So this round basically um you either have to get you know of course the submission will end the fight but you have to get a decisive um so that's kind of connected with no points no points I hear their teammates saying like count looking at the replay I love the judges they're so on on Oh, another leg lock attempt. Look, he's done his work. Yeah, he's done his work with the leg locks. He's trying to go inverted for crab, right? Don't leave it in the hands of the judges, gentlemen. Okay, he's got a tow hold there, but they're coming towards us. They're Oh, yes. Here they are. Oh, nice. Happened happened to us a couple of times in the last event. Hopefully nobody lands on us this time. Yeah. Yeah. You remember that? And we're much closer now. I was assuming that they'd probably put us behind the fence here, behind the uh, you know, the protective fence, but we have the best seat in the house. Even closer. Definitely best seats in the house. I'm going to take some snapshots for the boys back home. Mhm. To uh to show them that we do indeed have the best seats in the house. What's coming? We got points. So, we're at the business end of this round and this fight and it's definitely going to be sweet to get the first win of the event. Definitely that does have some significance. So, I'm assuming that uh the boys are going to go full blast the last two and a half minutes that they have. [Music] S talk to us about the level of jiu-jitsu that we're seeing now from you know uh normov school everybody was you know uh assuming that um well they are an MMA school they focus mostly on MMA competitions they were maybe expecting to be more of a wrestling style, power, jiu-jitsu style, but uh I know the weight 65 kg, we see more of the technical guys, but that's some high level jiu-jitsu that we're seeing. Yeah, great guard, great leg. So far, the guy from the magnetto school is actually in my opinion winning the match. And um but overall out of these four teams um everyone knows Modula team probably follows the jiu-jitsu, right? uh the some of the guys from Alleon, but if you guys want to know more from this Distan team, yeah, as you said, this is they're more focused on MMA. A lot of them are either current MMA fighters or retired MMA fighters. Um they all really have like good um wrestling, judo. I mean, it's no surprise there. Also, even the team from Universal Fighters, they do as well. Yes. Um they just have way more uh jiu-jitsu competition experience, I would say. But so far, so far our tour looks better in my eyes. He had a great guard. Yeah. And he um and he's chained unless Zur scores the points and still this match which we have the N nothing. Yeah, he needed to secure that for 3 seconds to get the two points there. That was close though. I think if he So what happens here if it's not like the conventional whoever gets up gets the two points here. They always consider who initiated the attack and then they will allocate the two points. So 25 seconds left. That was close. And if he comes up right now in the percentage, doesn't he get points? Nope. Because no, the the Zuru was on on bottom. That's exactly what we just said because he initiated the attack and that doesn't happen. That's also good to clarify. That's an also a an ADCC rule. If you if you That's a major plus. If you drop for leg lock Yeah. and you're the one who initiates the attack and and you stay on bottom and you stay on bottom even after it's a failed attempt and the other fighter is on the top, you will not get two points. I like that. So much better than uh it forces the fight to be more submission. It does. But then there's also the thin line where it's confusing as to whether did he get up first or did you attempt the attack first? There's always something that makes Who do you think won? I would give it to Arur. I would give it to Arur based on more submission attempts. I would say this is a close one. This is a really close one. He had more submission attempts. This [Applause] I think it's pretty fair for this one. It was a close one. It was a close match. When it's very close, you can't dispute the the result because it's close. It wasn't, you know, alongside Nobody was Nobody got robbed here. Yeah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] winner. One down, my friend. Six to go in the first tie. That's one and 83 kg for new mame school mag. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] The fighters Adilah Abdul Jal. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Round one. All right, guys. We have round one of the second match [Music] just pull guard against Abdul Jal Adilov from Universal Fighters. So far one zero for Norm MMA school. Let's see how this one goes. [Music] So, don't be confused with the color bars here with the scorecards. The red fighter is universal fighter. They're all dressed uh in red attire, just to clarify that. So, we have a Nor Mamedov MMA school fighter yet again pulling guard here and playing guard. They surprised me with the guard play. That's flipping the script, isn't it? I'm like, what? I'm expecting some takedowns. And guys, I'm checking I guess there's um some comments in the in the live section here on You love reading those comments, don't you? I I like when people talk some criticism, it all. Give it all, guys. Give it all. We're listening. Maybe we we answer some interesting question to make it more more interesting. So, I'm really I I really can't wait to see the match uh how the Dagistans would do against that's I think everybody is really anticipating to see those fights. Someone wrote norm. Yeah, they should change the the name of the team, huh? Yeah. Super interesting. I'm so surprised. So far, both of them pull guard. I'm like, what? Points. Okay, so guys, for those of you just tuned in, first two minutes, no points. Except for takedowns though. If you do take down, there's points. Is this live? Yes, it is. Yeah, I am reading right now YouTube chat. So bring it on guys. No, Khabib is not. Yeah, he will not be competing. I just But we're still waiting to see him. Huh? I I I talked to the guys back on on backstage. They said he's not coming. He's not coming. Yeah. Something happened like um um something with his family or something. I don't know. He's not he's not coming. who was supposed to come for this business forum, but unfortunately he's not. At least that's what I heard from from the captain of their team. Maybe this is all part of the ploy to surprise us when he comes here. They were keeping it under keeping it as a secret the whole time. So would be nice. I'm still ever the optimist, man. Right. Did I tell the story how I hang out right one time with Habib and his team when I was purple belt? So, I went to San Jose open and one of my friends I see his story and he's like in AKA and I'm like, "Hey, what are you doing here?" He's like he's good friends with Habib and um and I was about to like get like Airbnb or like a hotel room in um in San Jose and the guys I I think at that time he was preparing for uh Ferguson and and Ferguson pulled out something happened with him. Yeah. So, the guys were so much Yeah. So many times, man. I actually went to his fight one time and when he got uh when he couldn't make weight something happened remember with the weight and they pulled him out but anyway I went for San Jose open or IBGF tournament and the whole squad was there and the guys were so nice they're like hey you don't need to get the uh room stay with us you know and I was just hanging out with them talking I remember back then he was asking me like hey do you think I deserve brown belt oh okay I'm like man for sure you definitely deserve [Music] Yeah, but the guys were really nice, you know. They were like brotherhood. They're like all training, super disciplined. [Music] Uh, do the Gistani family have a rivalry? Somebody asked. No, they're just from the same city and happened to be that two Dagistani teams here. They're competing. They're all friends. We just had breakfast today. Everybody were hanging out with each other. [Music] So, Garrett Chance is asking the points or ABC. Uh the answer would be yes. The basis of the points are all from the submission fighting world federation also known as ADCC which means that uh there is a no point segment to the fight and then as the referee calls out it will be uh points from then on. Uh the point um allocations the same as ADCC. The only difference that we have here, well, I mean the the major difference cuz there are a few differences, but the major difference here would be the two points for a takedown counts during the segment of the fight where no points are allocated. So, when the fight starts, before the referee um shouts for points or basically announces the point segment, you can score a clean you can't score a takedown or uh a uh a clean takedown, I'm assuming as well. But you would just get the two points for the takedown. So, so takedowns and then another difference that we have with ADCC and and is the turtles. Mhm. Uh if you take someone down and they turtle, if you maintain that control for 3 seconds, you do get two points. As in ADCC, um with with sweeps and with takedowns, uh if you turtle, you will not be giving up two points when when someone takes you down or someone sweeps you. That's those are the two differences that we have with the the IGO rule set. Yeah. All right. So, we have our second round right here again and again is pulling guard here. Yes. Playing kind of like reverse de laiva half guard. Uh he's doing what he has to do basically. Yeah, I'm really surprised. You know, in the beginning he was doing the laiva and stuff. I was not expecting this style from them. So that would connect to more like one under one overpass. These guys actually, you know, they they really like this more old school style being on the knees very like closed. It could be boring sometimes for someone watching, but when you fighting someone like this could be really annoying too if it's really hard to get under or but from from this position when both knees are on the ground and you can basically enter your head into, you know, under his arms and get your head under his chin, you're eliminating the leg entanglement or making it at least more difficult for the fighter um on the bottom. So, um, if you're trying to avoid the whole leg lock game, that's one of the g ways to do it is to keep both knees on the ground. So, ladies and gentlemen, each round is 5 minutes and there are three fiveminute rounds. So, basically that's each round can be a fight in itself. Yeah. So, we have no point time right now. again. On only takedowns is points, but they're already on the ground. So points won't count. We're like 15 seconds away from points to be announced. Like they're going to say points and then from there we have points. Double unders from Abdul Jal. Points. Points. As you can hear, referee next to us points. Now we have points on. Somebody comment was uh saying like in ADCC if you pulling guard is a negative point which here we don't have that. You can pull guard. You can pull guard with connections. Yes. It's like modified kind of ADC rule. Yeah. And ADCC you can pull guard with connections in the finals. Can't no you can in the final you can. I'm I hope I'm correct. I think no in the final it's allowed in the final. In the final I think you can I know we were both on jet lag and stuff but in the final I think it's a longer time and remember match for example halfway and Cababrinia okay they were like for for a long time standing like okay but in eight okay yeah look at that attempt right there oh excuse me that yeah in the final you can't be in other matches you can right cuz first first half how uh at dcc It's like you could just have submission only match. Yeah. And then points. What what what I mixed up was IA World Championships. Oh yeah. You mix up the final you could pull guard with connection. Yes. That was back in Turkey 2021. So my mistake. Yeah. Somebody asking when are the matches of the Modulo team expected to start. Uh you're going to have to wait for five and a half more matches. Yes, it's this one and then five more matches after that. The Modulo guys. Yeah, they're fighting the team Alon. Team Alon. I also heard that there's going to be some little kids in between uh teams fighting. I love that one. When I saw that, that was so amazing. Um, giving, you know, at at this stage with with these fighters, giving the youngsters the opportunity to come and compete. Uh, that's going to make it's going to be big for their careers. It's going to be awesome. I saw the I saw the ad last night. Uh, I'm really excited for that. I sent it back to all my, you know, my boys back in my my own school, my own gym. I'm like, look at what these guys are doing here. This is just amazing. So, we've got um the uh guard passing it. Well, still has uh is not to be honest yet. Not so much excited matches so far. Well, we're just getting started. We got to settle in. But I'm waiting for some other guys except for a few of the leg entanglements. This is a copy carbon copy of the previous fight basically even with the same fight. We got a a leg entanglement but that's the second round there. Remember the the previous event that was in June when we had the Masai Republic they started strong right there. There were a lot of finishes from [Music] Guys, we we have a break in between second and third round and um hoping to see more action in the third round. Let's see. Otherwise, this will go to referee decision as the first match went um I believe in general the favorite in this um in this match here is supposed to be not in this match like a team matchup is universal fighters but so far um they could lose this one if it goes the same way and um we can get like refision and uh then it would get harder and harder. So, let's see how this match goes. Wow. Is he going to pull guard again? Let's see. Single leg attack. All right, let's see if he takes him down and holds. There's going to be points. We have so it's no point section here, but remember that uh the takedown does count. So we have wizard. Wizard. No points to us. You think he's going to pull guard now? Let's see. I think he's going to have to switch up the strategy a little bit. It would be nice if they if if both of them stay a little bit and try take now. Mhm. Let's see. Okay. Single leg attempt. Oh, he's going to take him out. Not yet. There we go. Two points. Nice. We have some action now. So that if if this stays, that bags the fight for um Magdov from Maggamadov school. Ref, we need points. Yeah, we got it. It's two two and0. No, just now. Just now. Literally, I saw them. They're right next to me. Yeah, we're right next to referees. So, we can remind them. Yeah. Yeah. If we see something, just give them a nudge. Hey. Hey, sir. [Music] Okay, point starting now. So, the fighter from Universal Fighters uh also competed in um I think it was the last round of the Champions League there. He's got two wins. They're the the champions of the Yeah. So, they're like reigning champions. They're the reigning champions here to defend their title. So if Abdul uh what is it? If if Dud who's on bottom wins this round, pretty much done deal. Two zero for team Nurmagamed. That's it. Yeah. the first two rounds. So, the first two rounds were close. Yeah. Um but however, because he's winning the third round, that bags a fight for him. Yeah. So, let's see. Uh Abdul Ju, he needs to push the pace. Oh, look, look, look, look. Oh, he's holding him down. He seems tired though a little bit. He get the pass. Nope. He needs to get 50% of the body. It looks like he's going to get it. He will. [Applause] That's Man, he's going to be so tired. Not yet. Not yet. Close. He's got to get the shoulders on the ground. Already got points. Yeah. 32. Yes. Now, what a twist at the end. Let's see. Now things getting a bit more exciting. I hope they're not just going to try to stall this one out. I believe Abdul Jal should try to advance a bit more. I think Oh, look. There's a Oh, man. There was back take opportunity. He's just going to try to stall us out, I think. Going back in the middle. I was hoping to see some back take action. See here, 20 seconds left. Will we have one or no? The team wise, nothing's going to happen in 10 seconds, bro. That's it. One and one. Yeah, that but that was, you know, that was close. That was nice. Yeah, but it seems like he got really tired. Like I saw Dud like kind of breathing hard. All right. All right. So, one and one. The champions are on the scoreboard, the defending champions, but so one-1. Good uh good guard game from um from the newb won this one. But that would surprise us with some guard game in the first two rounds. You see, look at him. He seems very exhausted. Yeah, exactly. I mean, there was a lot of pressure. You know, it's 15 minutes, bro. That's a 15-minute match. and he's been he was playing guard and uh the universal fighter uh Universal Fighters uh competitor was basically uh going for that pass a good portion of all rounds of all three rounds. So [Music] you're going to feel the pressure after, you know, a 15-minute match. You're in the 10th, 12th minute. It's not just like a 5m minute or a 6-minute roll at the club with, you know, with your buddies. You're going to feel the pressure in the 12th minute. Yeah. So, we're one and one. That's it. [Music] The winner and now plus 91 kg representing team magamed off magame. [Music] representing [Music] fires Abdul Rouslan. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Round one. All right, here we have Magamed Bragimo from Nurmagamed team and Rouslan Abdul Life Universal Fighters. Um, I just had breakfast today, this morning with Rousan Abdul and he actually just came back from his MMA fight. He had MMA fight last night. We were sitting at the same table with it. And he had an MMA fight and he just flew yesterday and ready for this one. He was calling out Gordon. Really? However, um he's very experienced in UWW and um the AGP rule set and stuff. Good wrestling. Let's see how he does against this Magame. I'm surprised he pulled guard first. So, we're playing half garden bottom. We are 45 seconds away from points. Named is trying to stay. So, this is the third fight. We're one and one for um each uh each team. They got uh a bread stick on the scorecard. Mhm. Man, they all playing half guard staying low. Yeah, that style, you know. Yeah, definitely. Oh, Rousan is going to go for leg locks back. We get it. [Music] 5 seconds before points. He can just use that and come up for a sweep. So, we're in the uh point segment of the fight now. And exactly as you mentioned, he maintain that position. Who is team Khabib? The guys in the black and white Rashard is team Khabib and the guys in red are universal fighters. Yeah, the team Khabib fighter is Maggomed Ibraimov and Rouslan uh who is a uh well-known face here this side of competing on the circuits side of the world as you mentioned um AJ UWW the problem is that these guys they they don't get opportunity to get visa to go to US. Oh nice guard pass. Will we get it? I love that. Yeah, the kick back is so it's so Yeah, the back step it's so explosive. Yeah. So, the team captain of the Nurmagamed team is the guy over there Murad Mach. Yeah, Machai. He's also he's the XMA fighter. I actually used to before I moved to US, I used to train with him. Yeah. Okay. Um just a little bit, you know, I was there like a total beginner with professional fighters just surviving there and that's how I kind of, you know, later wanted to try jiu-jitsu. I first saw him at the ACBJ Worlds in Moscow. Yeah, he he won I think ACBJ World his in his weight class. Yeah, he did. You have. So, um I would question here why the two points were not given to Rouslan because for that second where we were talking about he did maintain the position. They went into the point segment and then he had his opponent's leg um scooped up and he just came up. So why no points here? We can ask the referees later. They're kind enough to explain to us. But I thought so. We're reading the YouTube comments here. who's commentating. Uh my name is Barard. I'm a first degree black belt from Iran. And uh I'm joined with Mr. ACB himself. No, no, no. I'm the ACB. ACB legend uh of Super Fight, the promoter and black belt, Brazilian jiu-jitsu black belt, first degree from Czechmat, uh Mr. Sai Dunive, who's joining us also on the commentating uh team. We also have uh some famous commentators, some familiar voices that will be joining us later on. Uh today we have um Brandon and how um they are regulars basically on the jiu-jitsu scene uh in uh in North America. They will also be joining us. We're going to be switching it up a little bit to make it diff different. Make it Yeah. So you guys don't have to bear our voices for seven and a half hours. Yeah. Complaining. Well, we have here trying to pass the guard. We have 15 seconds left. To be honest with you, Magame is kind of breathing hard. I'm curious to see how how is conditioning going to do like later in the rounds. All right, we have 0 0 again. What? What was that? Oh, they just they just just weren't officially sent. Gordon Ryan will commentate. Someone asked me. No, Gordon Ryan will not commentate. Modula team will make it look easy. Somebody says, you know what, before this tournament started, I was thinking that maybe Universal fighters would would be giving like this is what I think I think they will take at least they they will beat at least couple of guys from Modula team. But so far the performance they have um I don't know. I feel like Modula team, you know, we'll see. It's really interesting. you know, a lot of things that play, how they going to how they going to feel like how their conditioning will be cuz a lot of people complain here that it's like it's like they're not like it's high altitude, you know, they're getting tired fast. So, we'll see. The manager from Universal Fighters, uh, we just had him on the screen a couple of minutes ago. He is Magdov. Yeah. He is also a uh veteran, 80C veteran, jiu-jitsu veteran, black belt. He used to uh we used to compete on the same circuit back in 2015. We were both purple belts. Does that He's really good. I remember when they took a veteran too they Yeah. Remember they they took him to Manau to compete against Mika Gawwa when Mika Gawwa was like a blue belt. So it was kind of like in Brazil to take uh Mamemed Abdul Kadir against him to beat like the Gistani black belt. Man, he submitted Mik Gaw like in one minute. Yeah. Yeah. That was honestly I remember watching that match still thinking like maybe Mika will win but he surprised me so good and uh he's the captain here. I'm surprised he's not fighting. Yeah, because he's like he could do like Yeah, he's very high level. He had a close match with Lawato in ADC in Rio. He beat Benson Henderson. Yeah, choked him. Um almost took back of Lawato. It was like really close match. He's you know they beat Greg Jones one time in Kazakhstan. You know that when? Yeah. When when Greg Jones was um like um skinny guy. Oh, a long time ago. Yeah. But he was competing all over like they he skinny Craig Jones. Yeah. Yeah. He's been all over the place. I mean he's been fighting everywhere. I mean is a good good word you used. He's definitely one of the veterans. I think he at one point Craig was like a BJ Travel or something. He was just traveling a lot competing and he came with the Lin Giles. Mhm. Uh did I say his name correctly? Lakon. Yeah. Yeah. Uh and he fought against two guys from Universal Fighters. That was uh Bilaf uh Abdul Rahman and um Abdul Kadov which is the the captain of the team Universal Fighters and they both beat him at that time. I mean Greg is way better now than back then obviously. Yeah. So we are in um this is fight number three. We're one and one and this is second round of Yeah, same scenario. Half guard. Yes, we are now in a point zone. This is the Somebody ask me why is this on YouTube? I have no clue, dude. Man, I I I was actually trying to find um like a like a comment or something so I can engage with people. What you mentioned site earlier is that a portion of this will be Yeah, that's what I know. I think they're going to cut the feed when teamu comes out. That's what I'm guessing. Could be maybe just keep it um at least for now for this one. And I think it's too early in US. Like in California, it started at 4:00 a.m. The events are 4:00 a.m. Um, probably right now, let me check the time. In California since Yeah, it's Los Angeles time. 5:00 a.m. Yeah. And the Eastern time would be like 3 hours forward, which is 8. Yeah. Math is still okay. Somebody says, "No, Craig is definitely undefeated." Then it should be 18. So is John cannot lose. So is Chail Sonnet. He's undefeated, isn't he? Craig Jones is definitely undefeated, especially on Instagram, on on the internet. He is undefeated. Undisputed. Undefeated. Yes. Almost broke Gordon's arm, man. That was crazy when Gordon did when they had like overtime, man. Gordon's tough. Oh, we have Mamed is breathing hard, man. Look at him. Look at him. Look, he's taking He has to stand up almost. I think Rouslan will pull it off at the end like uh either this this round or next round. Definitely. It seems more more fresh, but anything can happen. The last word close. Yeah, last fight kind of happened like that as well. Yeah. So, we have a plus 91 kg fight. Uh the fights are not in a specific order. They had a draw to pick. Oh, he's entering. He's got a deep half. Yeah. Looks like he's going to get it. needs to get his side or the back. Yeah, he So, what we were talking about earlier was the issue of the turtle. If he gets the both uh if he turtles uh his opponent basically in that position and you maintain the three-point contact, you will be getting the two points. Unlike ADCC, so there we have two points here. This would not be a point scoring position in an ADCC tournament. So, it's a little bit different. Yeah. Okay, we're a little bit um I was going to say we're a little bit behind on the on the time seconds, but second round is over. Rousan Abdul is the winner of this round. We have one zero so far uh on the rounds. First one was draw, second one this. So still the fight, you know, it's it's up for grabs. Um if uh the fighter from norm of MMA school uh wins via submission or um if he gets a substantial lead in the third round, there is a uh a chance that he could get uh the uh the referee decision and and win this one. But by the way things are going um Rouslan has been the aggressor definitely in you know almost every second of the most portion of the fight he's been going for the sweeps. He's been attempting the takedowns. He tried some leg entanglements. So I think if Maggomed wants to pull this one off he needs to he needs to get a submission. Yeah. Round three. Someone saying, "What do you want the commentators do there?" Guys, we're just trying to engage with you guys cuz there's Excuse me. No, someone was asking like, "What do you guys want?" Like someone was defending us saying like, "What do you want us to say to say?" Yeah. We're trying to engage with you guys because so far it's it's more like strategic fights. Not much happening. Action. We're just going to sit here and watch with you guys. Always going to complain. Just we're going to tell you some stories. What's happening here? Why are they taking break and saying hello? Yo, shout out shout out to our teams. Yeah, always. Yeah. Hopefully we have the um when I'm really excited to see Modula team against Distan. Me too. And we're going to have today two more team matchups. It's going to be Yeah. The next tie will be Madalfa versus Alon. And then we have versus Yeah, that would be interesting. And we have a saddle position. Yes. Here it was initiated the honey hole there. Yeah. Reset to the middle. Thank you. Somebody said, "You guys are doing great. Thank you. We appreciate the support, guys. If you have some questions in the in the YouTube live chat, we're listening. I know you guys are like fighting each other. I like the commentators. Thank you. We like you, too. Yes. Doing our best. Giving the love right back. I agree with you. I like the commentators, too. Yeah. Where are you guys? Uh, right. Where you guys all from? You know, everyone's like from loves engaging with the crowd. Yeah. With the crowd, you know, it makes it more interesting. Good cop, bad cop. He's the good cop. If if if we were detectives, you would be the good cop. Yeah. Someone said, "All the Distani pulled so far." Yeah, definitely. Yeah. But Rouslan is he he pulled guard, you know, he's he's more like a jiu-jitsu guy. He has good wrestling. The one on bottom, he with a um with the red uniform, he's actually pretty good in in grappling. man. Texas, Australia, USA, Turkey, New Zealand, Belgium, Malaysia. Damn, all over the world. Everybody's watching, huh? That's nice. Japan, America, UK, Switzerland, Belgium, Norway, France. Edging them, South Carolina. Inviting every man. Very nice. That's beautiful to go in. Yeah. people all over the world united um you know watching jiu-jitsu event. So hopefully we get a nice event. We have what we have a stalling warning right here for Maggomed. Yes. Is a 20 second stalling. Is it 20 or 15 seconds? Okay. So what happened here is did you see um Z watch the sequence here? Mhm. So Magomet went no he went for a straight foot lock and Ran comes on top. So, but it's a bad strategy for Maggame because I think Ran would be having better on top. He's going to be passing. He's going to passing his guard. Yeah. But what happened here was that that no points will be allocated to that because of submission attempt. The submission attempt. He initiated the the move uh the sequence. So, uh the fighter who comes on top will not be awarded two points. Mhm. Oh, Mamid's getting a stalling warning again. Yeah. Second time. I mean, it doesn't affect points right now, right? They might give in negative or they give points to the upper. Yeah, if the count if the clock counts down. I'm not sure if the viewers are getting the clock right here, but if the clock count Okay, he went for that one, didn't he? Mhm. Whoa. That was surprising. And back to guard. No points here. [Applause] Oh man. And that's a clean sweep. So that's four points. That's four points. Four points. Wow. Nice. Nice. And that was a nice time. Nicely timed sweep. Yeah, that sweep where um you have one leg extended and you roll up on your shoulder. You have to time it exactly trying to get submission right here. It's over. I mean the fight basically he's got two round he's two rounds up. So, uh he's putting Universal Fighters 2-1 up in the third fight of the first tie. So, let's remind the viewers how many total matches we have. We have seven fights. This would be the third one from the first tie. So, it's going to be 2-1 for Universal Fighters. That means we have four more fights. If Universal Fighters win two more fights, they take it. Mhm. Obviously, Normadov MMA team has to win three fights. Mhm. Breathing hard. Get the crowd engaged here. Come on, crowd. The winner, Bron Aduay. [Music] Someone asked me when are the children matches? Are they between team matches? I think I think there'll be five youth matches which will be after the first uh first tie is over before the Madalfa fight start. You can check on uh everybody uh who's not familiar with the Smoothcom platform, you can go to smooth comp.com, go to upcoming events and search for IGA Champions League. If you go to the bracket section, you will have access to all the fights. Uhhuh. And uh you can see I'm I'm checking right now. So after the medalfo fights, we have five youth fights. Mhm. three, four, and five. And then the last and so the the intermission will be the youth fight. So team Adalfo gets a rest and then they come back and they will be fighting against uh Muramed of MMA school to wrap up the third tie of the day. Yeah. So next fight will be - 67 kg. Yes. Somebody asked why didn't we know about Tiger when B team competed? Well, it's up to you guys. Why didn't you know? cars. Well, it was it was everywhere on the net. We were live on YouTube. Hold on. Let's go for the mountain. [Music] and representing Universal Fighters, Kazaf Rashid. [Music] round one. All right, guys. We have a round one of the fourth match. This is a fourth match. - 76 kg 21 universal fighters. Uh we have Mr. Bagir Gasrattov. He is a 28-year-old Russian black belt from a team. They fight out of Mahachkala. Yeah. From Distan. Distan. Uh he is an Abu Dhabi grandson jiu-jitsu world tour champion at Moscow. Gold medal at Brown Belt. Also he is a UWW European gold medalist and a WW 2019 world's gold medalist. So, he's also um from an MMA team, from an M MMA background, but he also has the jiu-jitsu pedigree to match it. Yeah, he's got his black belt. Uh he's uh competed, you know, in uh the UWW events. The WW events are tough events because there are no belt um rankings. There are no belt denominations and categories there. So, you could start competing there as a blue belt and your first opponent might be a black belt. Yeah. So, it's really uh it's a tough one to uh to meddal uh at those tournaments, let alone getting uh gold. We see more action in this one. So far, the guys started really hot. Hopefully, this continues. Definitely more movement. I was expecting just a pull guard and half guard and and we actually back to half guard and being on the knees. All of these guys going to have this style, guys. Um when I went actually home to train with a lot of guys like I'm used to in US training with people playing Xgard de laiva and everyone is just going on the knees and and and honestly you know it's so like for me I was like man I got to train more of this stuff and kind of annoying fight someone who's like really closed and like you know doesn't engage much and it's your job also to know how to beat someone like that you know it might be boring style but if you get too frustrated you might get swept you know, but right now we have, man, this guy's really pushing the pace. Um, usually that we might see some flying submission. Let's see guys moving around. I hope so. Let's see. In the mid, you know, in the mid 70 kg sections, it's 776 sometimes. Look, look, look, look. We definitely see, you know, more action. Uh, the guys, uh, you know, they they push the pace a little more. Yeah, these guys definitely showing more interest in jiu-jitsu. Look, there's more more more risking, more attacking. We have plat there almost. Yeah, but is on bottom from that's that's a textbook attack there. When you have the plata, the guy tries to step over, you catch the close leg in a tow hold. Oh, look at the That's definitely That's two points, isn't it? What happened? There's some a clothing malfunction, I think. No, he's complaining about his ankle. What happened? He's asking a doctor. There's the doctor. Oh, that's a friend. Remember him? That's our buddy. Yeah, that's the doc right there. Yeah, I think he's We made friends with that dog. Yeah, I think his toe got caught in Yeah. Um uh Gastrotov's Rashgard. Okay. So little discussion started saying but yeah seems like two points. Those of you who are just joining us the two points there are for uh the sweep attempt. Well it was not an basically not an attempt. It was a successful attempt where he scooped up um Rashid's leg. Gastraov scooped up his leg during one of the leg entanglements and just came up and it was just Oh, what happened? Okay. Oh, what? Your winner. What happened now? [Music] So, let's take a look at the replay. What happened here? We had uh the uh the coach of universal fighters complaining about uh that decision right there. Mamed Abdul Kadov was here complaining to the judges. I don't know what happened really to be honest. I thought they stopped the fight. I honestly don't know why why he lost that match. [Music] Or maybe it's was like considered a t verbal tap. Okay, we have a head explaining to us. We'll just talk to the Yeah, a little confusion. So, so um he he complain I mean a fighter claims that his toes got stuck and he hurt a little bit his toe but according to a rule this is like a verbal tap you know if you're hurt and you know and you tap you can't just in the middle of the match be like you know what I mean but if what if your toe does get stuck and there's a clothing malfunction the ref does have the uh the authorization and the authority to stop it to get it out and restart the fight so Yeah, I think this was a little confusing here. I'm sure the fighter from Universal Fighters did not know that he would be losing a match like that. If he did, he would not have said stop. Yeah, I mean to be fair, I would have kept it with two Z and continue. My guys were going to show a good match in my opinion. Yeah, that one uh I say that's a shame it ended like that. You never want to see anybody, you know, end a fight in that condition, in that situation. But in a way, you know, it's like a verbal tap, too. You know, it's kind of depends where you stand. Yeah. You know, some people can use it as a as a cheating for a timeout as well, you know. So, you kind of, you know, ref did everything by the playbook at the end of the day, too. Don't you think? Um I I I would say the rules are the rules, but there was some leeway to stop that fight and allow depends how you look at it to restart it. Unfortunately, it happened like that. But anyhow, on we go. Minus 91. We have Murat Ramonov from uh Norm of MMA school. He's a 27year-old MMA fighter and a fighter. His MMA record is 11 and0. Yeah, he I watched his interview. He he he wanted um also from Dollar Stone, Russia. Yeah. And he was uh I think he was having beef with Hamzach Chimayv. Okay. Yeah. Okay. I was like, man, this guy looks familiar. Then I remember him. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. He was having he was having beef with Hamzach Chimay like not at the event at the UFC, but he was um I think there was some misunderstanding. Kamzach said something in a in a in a YouTube live or or like Instagram live something that about Hhabib that that or someone asked said like Hhabib would smash you and he said no I would smash him and and the media interpreted it like oh like Azad is saying that at the end was saying like hey I'm I'm just saying like I'm a fighter you know I'm not going to be I'm not going to let anyone be smashing me so it's like you know like but anyway I that's how I remember seeing this guy in in in a black rush guard you know he's you know, good MMA fighter. You said like his record like what 11 and0. Yeah. Um and Abdul Abdul is an universal team from from Nurmagamo school. Murat. He's a Russian European and and worldw and also he's got a golden naga. I think I saw one of those events back in it was in Pennsylvania or somewhere where he also had like one of those swords, the Naga swords. Yeah. So, so he definitely has the the the jiu-jitsu pedigree down. Also, Gajimurat in the red rash guard. He's also uh MMA fighter, by the way. Yeah, I know him. Yeah, he's a purple belt. Okay. Yeah, he's a he's a one of those familiar faces we've seen a lot at least on um on social media, you know, with some clips from the MMA fights from the the Russian fighters. Yeah. What's going on with the comments? Someone says 11 and0, but none of his opponents has Wikipedia record. Okay. Okay. Man, these guys don't know honestly. Like look um the guys who fight in Russia like man it's it's a tough u there's tough organization. People like people think like hey you know it's like some easy matches. It's not not the case. A lot of them are juice to the gills, you know, and uh and some of them are guild to the Jews. Yeah. You know, I'm I'm originally from Cheschna, but I'm, you know, I know from that area and then and I know, you know, that I mean, there's a lot of guys who have really good genetics and people think like, oh, because from Russia that they all like on steroids, but a lot of them are on steroids, too. You know, like anywhere in the world, like all the all the, you know, like professional events, they have that issue. And, you know, What do you think about the issue of steroids and jiu-jitsu? I I think whatever keep it you know I think at the end of the day if like for example UFC making USA and stuff we have a single leg attempt right here. Let's Whoa. Let's see. Hopefully they don't fall on us. They're getting close to us guys. Nice. So, going back to steroids, I think the guys who have a lot of money can always find a way to avoid it. Okay. You know, um avoid getting caught. Avoid getting caught. Yeah. Um at the end of the day, cheaters will cheat, you know. And I believe some older guys, it would be nice for them to have like a longer career, more healthier, you know. It depends how you look at it. MMA, you know, it's kind of dangerous cuz you can literally like, you know, knock someone out and kill. You know, this can happen too. Of course, freak accident can happen in jiu-jitsu, too. But jiu-jitsu and just grappling sports is like whatever. In my opinion, it's like if they want if somebody wants to do it, I don't really care. I don't think the current guys who are like world champion and stuff, if you take away juice from them, that that juice didn't make them champions. That's what I believe. That's what I'm saying. you know, like they they can be champions because they they train smart. The psychology is there, you know. So people call Gordon, for example, oh, he's on juice. And I mean, I think he still do good without it either, you know. But of course, it gives some of course it gives you some some benefit. Some Yeah. A lot a lot of benefit. But I man a lot of people give too much credit to steroids. I've seen people on steroids can't win nothing, you know. Definitely. Yeah. So, it's not just steroids. Of course, it's a big plus, but there's a lot of people who go with steroids. Everything in the world, every alphabet of chemistry, they put in themselves and they can't win. I've seen guys like that, too. And they train hard. So, not always just there. That's all I'm saying. You know, I know guys who are naturally good. I know guys who are juicing. Either way, you know, to me personally, I don't care. you know it's like MMA is different story you know someone's life on like you know you get punched in the face and stuff you know but that's I hope I answer your question uh I just wanted to get your opinion I mean everybody has a stance regarding this whole issue [Music] but um it's not just the issue of uh I wouldn't want sorry point I would I don't like the idea how a lot of Brazilians or any other nationalities but I I hear I have a lot of friends in Brazilians like they start really early doing testosterone and stuff. I think that's bad. If you're doing it, it has to be smart when your t natural testosterone declining and there's a smart way of doing it like you know so you kind kind of say it actually can be healthy in some ways but when you're like 15 16 when you have a natural like growth you know and you know to me jiu-jitsu world champion title is not that important to ruin my health you know what I mean that's what I think for some people it is you know they just rather have that you know and put their life on the line like you know health health risk Mhm. So, I'm not judging anyone who, but it's their life. They can do, but what do we have here? So, so the first round was close. There were two takedown attempts for each of the fighters. So, we're in we're in a draw into the second round. So, no one pulling this one. We don't have halfard action. We're going to have a wrestling match for this one. I think both of both of these guys are more definitely like more top players. Nobody wants to be on bottom. I mean, it's very obvious they don't want. So, this is the fifth fight. We're two and two right now. Yeah. Um, a little I wouldn't say controversy, but a little confusion with the fight that we had in the minus 70 uh 76 kg fight. um that basically uh draw the score. So we're two and two going into the fifth fight. So whoever takes this fight is just one win away from the first tie. Say Mhm. speak to me. What are the comments saying? Oh man, I don't even read comments. I try to engage with these people. They're always complaining. So I'm going to just commentate the match. They're complaining. What are they complaining about? No, not everybody. Not going to miss you. But whatever. Somebody even wrote the worst commentators ever. I'm like, "Oh, we have a take down here." I mean, one bad apple. We're not going to judge everything, but someone please pull guard. Hold on. I'm not reading everything, but Mike, you think you can do a better job? Yeah, let's bring Mike here and he's going to be commentating. Mike the Yeah, someone might comment anyway. He's just a complainer, I think. Let's see. Now it's interesting, man. It's really getting interesting. So far it's 2-2 by the teams and maybe Nurmagamed team will pull this one off and then it's 2-3 then and we have two matches. So you know that this is a repeat of the the finals from last year. The last Champions League was Norm Maggamadov MMA school versus Universal Fighters. So if Normav wins normov MMA school wins this one. Yeah. Thank you guys. There are some guys saying good stuff about they're defending us. After if Norm Gammedov wins this one, they will be avenging the loss from the finals last year. Mhm. Yeah. Someone I'm sure the commentary can smash Mike the keyboard warrior. Yeah, definitely. It's okay, Mike. All love. I'm going to keep it positive. Let's enjoy some action here. Let's see. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. Okay. From my view, I thought it was a guar and it was just still half car. So after this match, we have if this one goes 32 in terms of teams. Yeah, this would be really interesting. Whoever takes this one is just one win away from the first time. Look who's going to regardless of whoever wins it though. They're going to have to fight all they will fight. Everyone has to fight everybody, guys, if you if you're curious how it goes here. So, there's four teams and everyone will fight each other. We have um two-day event, three match, three team uh matches today and three team matches tomorrow. So everyone will end up fighting each other and um the most accumulated points right going to get like a first or second place and they go into the semi-final and finals in December. Yeah. If like if the win loss numbers are the same or close then they they're going to go down to submissions and then uh that's how they're going to break it down. Yeah. [Music] Someone says rules seem confusing. You want to repeat cuz more people joining. So the we have a three uh I'm going to start some part of it. The more confusing part I'll leave to you. Okay. So we have three rounds. Uh each round is 5 minutes with one minute break in between. We have first two minutes of each round. Uh it's pretty much no point zone. However, if somebody does take down and score a takedown, that's count. So the only takedowns count, but anything else doesn't count. You can pull guard in no point zone as long as you're connected to uh you have like a grips and then last 3 minutes it's point zone. Um the the rule set is something similar to ADC with slight uh modification. My friend Via here will explain some of the parts once again for those of you who just uh tuned in and uh yeah here we go. Yeah. Okay. So um uh as we were mentioning earlier the the differences with ADCC those who know the rule set of ADCC will find it uh easier to uh to understand what's going on right now. uh just the no point zone takedowns do count as Sai just mentioned and another difference would be uh if it comes up I I'll try not to make it too confusing right now if it comes up during the match uh we'll emphasis more on that and it's happening right now which is the turtle position which does count for two points exactly so there we get the two points uh this would not be a so incision zero points right this is zero points zero points but here we have so that's the position with threepoint contact does count as a take down or a sweep uh for the uh the initiating fighter. So we've got two points in the first 2 minutes where only takedowns count. So that's what happened right now. Yeah, it's three rounds for each fight. Three five minute rounds. Whoever wins more of the rounds, regardless of the point differentiation, the point uh will take it. So you can lose one round one zero and you can win the other round 25. Mhm. You'll be tied. It'll be one round each. Some people asking when is the stream going to end. Guys, honestly, we just started uh streaming and we personally thought it was just on floor rapping. So I don't know if it's just going to be when the modula team we're going to switch back to uh just strictly on floor grappling. Um, we're not sure about that. The next team matches, we're going to switch up uh commentary. So, we're going to be switching up with Howell and what was the other guy name? Brandon. Brandon and uh Yeah. So, we'll see and and we'll come back for another one. Oh, man. Have guard. Murad Ramano really pushing the pace here. Someone asking why is this so early? Well, that's a difference when you have a event um on the other side of early for you. It's 6:30 p.m. for us over here. Um last time when we had an event, we were exclusively for the broadcast. So, we actually were early here and night time for us, right? But this time um there's more um you know like arena with um with audience. Um I mean on the feed it doesn't look like a lot of people because there's like more people on the background. Um but it's fing it's starting to fill up around right now. It's starting to Yeah, it's kind of too early. People like to come a bit later, you know, around like what time is it right now? 6:39 here p.m. Yeah. So that's the difference to answer the question is the local time is you know as usual you know how the events go is start like if you start early there's not going to be people here coming for the jiu-jitsu event early in the morning and the longer time goes um you know it's better for you guys in in US um depending where you are California is a bit earlier So, we've got a uh a back attack attempt here. Yeah. And still no points. So, uh for this uh for this sequence right now. Mhm. Of course. Uh no advantages here. So, that one hook in doesn't count. Those are for the uh for the IBJJF fanatics who are watching. uh somebody messaging that uh maybe the rule set is not the most exciting. Um I would say it depends on the competitors because the last event was super exciting. Uh if you guys are watching the IGA global first time, last time we had the team Asai Republic um pretty much was the a lot of guys from US in from Brazil and um uh what was the team battle force B team which B team actually lost. It was some surprising matches. Um and this time we have so far the first match. Um, I kind of was expecting that the two Dagistani teams going together stylistically not going to be the most exciting cuz most of them use like a little bit more like we have a winner. So, it's 32 for Normma School. If they win the next fight, uh, it's over and they're avenging their loss from the Champions League finals of last season. Yeah. And going back to speaking about the rule set, it's Styles, guys. styles makes fights. Um, you know, you have uh pretty much um the guys who like to play like half guard on the knees, you know, and um they're more like MMA fighters and wrestlers, so it's a little bit different style. It would be actually nice to see more like high level uh jiu-jitsu guys fighting against them to see how they deal. Um, so I'm more really excited to see how the Modula guys going to do against um, you know, these MMA fighters. It would be really interesting. Will they just smash them, go through them, or will the guys uh, take some challenge? Yeah, would be really exciting. I hope for the challenge because it would be nicer. But again, I don't mind getting quick submissions either cuz we need them. So far, it's just points. Yeah, there were no submissions. Well, there was a verbal top, a misinterpreted verbal top, I assume. And now [Music] [Applause] and representing Universal Fighters, Shabbanov Meabad. [Music] Heat up here. [Music] round one. So, we're now uh into the minus 60 kg fight. Uh this would be fight number six if I'm correct. Joining us now is a man who needs no introduction. Howal, welcome. you your voice is of course uh very familiar with all jiu-jitsu fans across the world. Uh give us a uh an introduction of yourself first and tell us what you think about the event and about the fight so far. Thank you Pia. But I think I need to save the introduction for later because immediately the universal fighters representative Shabanov Majad is coming out very very hard and he looks to be very close to finishing this I think. Yes, there is the finish. That's it. That's our first submission of the night. 36 seconds was all it took for Momed Shabanov to win this match. So this this just got interesting here. The fighters are now tied at three all the two teams. So whoever wins this fight gets the first tie and it's over. You know what happened earlier was there was a little collusion with one of the fights where uh the fighter asked for the referee referee intermission to stop because his toe got caught in one of in the rash guard. It was a a clothing malfunction but that cost him the match. It was considered a a submission. A technical submission. Yeah. It was considered a submission which put New Mama of MMA school up one. So it was 32. One match for New Mama of MMA school would have given them the tie. And you know the interesting thing is that this would have been avenging the loss from last year's final for the Champions League. So here's a look at the replay. So we're three and all now. I mean with the match being 36 seconds. you could show the full match. Uh you see the very early taked down in just 10 seconds and then doing a great job of staying on the back until he gets the arm around the neck and just the final adjustments enabled him to get the submission and this is the again the same sequence just from a slightly different angle but this was the whole match here. So Bia like you said now this leaves it three matches for team Nagamedov and three for universal fighters which means everything everything comes down to this last match [Music] and I'm sure every uh each team is gunning for that first sweet victory on the scoreboard to get that first team win it's going to be so important right they're going to need it for you know when the when the match match uh when the team wins are accumulated, it's all going to count. Specifically, this submission win uh is going to count. Uh he held on as long as he could, but had to submit to the rear naked chok. There we go. And the final match of this face off of this series and three this final match will determine the winner. Up first at 70 kilograms of team Naga Medov, Ali Beckov, Gaji Murad. [Music] [Applause] [Music] and his opponent from Universal Fighters, Gierbeck Ibraimov. [Music] What? So, we're into the last fight of the first tie of the night. Normadov MMA School and Universal Fighters. It's a dead heat tie. Three and all for both teams. And we've got a submission attempt here too. Quick leg entanglement there. Oh, but this is a nice wrestle up here. And we are seeing this is the match the 70 kg division with Gabbec Bragov. and he is a very technical submission grappler. He actually won the ADCC trials in 2019 but was unable to compete at the World Championships due to visa issues. But that should give you an idea of how good his submission grappling really is. So some of these MMA fighters that are from the norm of MMA school, they actually have a very good jiu-jitsu pedigree and jiu-jitsu background. They do. And we saw some of the fighters from uh the uh from Khabib's team basically starting by pulling guard which was flipping the script because we all thought that they were going to be wrestling and uh they were going to have more of that power style jiu-jitsu but I I remember the first two matches both of them just pulled guard. Yeah, very curious that we have seen so much guard work here. I think actually um it has maybe surprised both us and the audience watching. They expected to see more wrestling from the the the grapplers, the the competitors coming out of Dagistan, which of course is well known as having some of the very best wrestlers in the world. But it go it it goes to show that the level of submission grappling, the level of no ghee jiu-jitsu in that area is also very very sophisticated. And it's just getting better with, you know, uh, all these different rule sets that are attracting these fighters to come and compete. It's just going to make it, you know, they're going to try to implement some of the more modern style game into their into their arsenal. And it's exactly what we're seeing. We may see Gabbec come out the back door here, but he has to be careful of that far arm. And is doing a good job of controlling the tricep behind the elbow. That really makes it difficult for for Guybeck to come out the back door. He needs to get his elbow on the ground if he wants to come up to his knees, which is exactly. So now you see that in black the representative representative from the Magamemed of MMA school back on top dropping now. Drops back for a straight Achilles log. That's a good hips in a good thrust into the leg. Could be tight here. Gabbec looks relatively unfazed and this is something that we know from the the athletes from Dagistan is that they will resist a submission for as long as they possibly can. They don't like to tap. Exactly. And that leg does seem to have come out of the position and now almost securing top position. Gavebec is doing his best to control the hips but Albeov is trying to fight onto his side. This is this is not a control position. There are no points there. And now he goes to his knees. So with control of the waist, the right hand is fishing for an opening. Gabbeck Braimov on top of universal fighters. So what happens here is we were talking earlier about the turtle position which does count for points. But what happened here was uh the fighter from Nurabad of MMA school he initiated the sequence where he went for the straight Achilles foot mean that means that when the universal fighter came on top no points were allocated at all. That's why in this sequence no points were given to either fighter. That's that's a very good description. I think very important to to clarify that because maybe some people were wondering why there were no points for that. But here we see Guybeck is is switching position here. It looked like he was trying to get his hooks in, but now he's actually coming over the top in into like a smash pass position with a guillotine grip. And if he can keep if he can keep on his back, he may be able to score points. But that was a good half guard recovery. Perfect. Uh with the with the g the guillotine grip, uh if you do make that pass, almost 99% of the time the fighter is going to go to his knees. So before you get your legs out, you're going to have to get the cross face if you want to keep both shoulders on the mat. And we know how difficult it is in this rule set to get that three points for the pass because they definitely expect you to keep 50% of the opponent's body on his back. So laying on your side will not give you the three points for the pass. And I do I do have to clarify, I'm very sorry I misspoke, but Davec was not an ADC trials winner. He was actually an ADCC uh silver med trial silver medalist in 2022. Uh very closely, very narrowly missing out on the uh the World Championships. But okay, there's the end of the round 0. But even though it was 0 0, there was plenty of action in that encounter. I would give this a dead draw because both of the guys, they had their both fighters, they had their chances. they had their um you know leg entanglement for the normadon fighter and then there was the switch where uh the universal fighter came on top. I'm going to have to disagree with you on on who I think took it. I I definitely agree that uh the nuramed of representative definitely had some good moments. Alibbe was attacking. However, I feel that guy's uh intention and the fact that he initiated the majority of those technical sequences, I I feel like the judges will remember that. It's important because how close did he come to securing the back? How close did he come to getting the guard pass? And against a a decent submission attack, I feel like the time spent in those positions is going to leave an impression on the judges. Okay. So, you know that but hey, that's just my opinion. Uh I Okay. Uh you haven't sold. I agree with you. I stand corrected here. Um what happens here is we're 000 for one round, maybe leaning towards uh with the with the description that you gave us, maybe leaning towards Ibraimov, but if one of the rounds does go even even the slightest of margin 2 and 0, then all of this disappears. Yeah. So the final round could be a formality. It all it all happens if it's all even Steven up until the third round. So, uh, basically it's still up for grabs. That's what I what I'm getting to is it's up for grabs. No, you're you're absolutely right that if Allebecov can win this round, then the team Nurmagamemed are still in with a chance. If Gabbeck can stamp his authority on this match, on this particular round, in this match, the third round, all he has to do is not get submitted because even if he loses on points in the final round, of course, the matches here are won by who wins the most rounds. So, you can lose the first you can lose the sorry, you can win the first round two-, you can win the second round two. And if the in the final round, if your opponent beats you 20 points to zero, you still win the match because you have two rounds to one. Exactly the description we were giving about the rounds of a little earlier. Regardless of the point different uh difference between the fighters, whoever wins more rounds gets to gets the fight. It's a very interesting concept that I feel adds so much more to this event. This event already showing a very high level of international grappling and a very high level of production. And one thing I think is important to note is the team element brings so much more drama to proceedings and especially as we enter the seventh and final match of this series. Wow. This is where it all comes down to this comes down to this one. Yeah. And uh uh you can imagine what's going on in the in the back with the teams biting their nails waiting to see who's going to get that first uh first win on the scoreboard in terms of the team competition. So you're absolutely right. If you look over into the corner of the Universal Fighters team that they are all stood up. They're all cheering. They're all they're all trying to coach their guy to victory. the the Nurmagamed of school very different, very quiet, very intense watching the match. I think that they they understand how serious this moment is. Another Achilles lock here. Straight foot lock with the Ashi trying to get the crippler. We he does have a really we had it's it seems to have gone a little bit now. He's lost the angle, but he had a decent leg length tanglement there, and it looked like he possibly might even try and go for a Zlock. But Gabbeck does not seem he doesn't seem worried at all by the threat. And as you can see, pushes back into the Ashigrami, the single leg, the ankle lock position, and gets his ankle out, neutral position. [Music] Oh, we may see a triangle here. There it is. With his one arm in. He's got to keep his posture down. Oh, he manages to get his head out. Guybec, though, I think with the closest submission attack uh that he's had in this match so far. And that's interesting to note, right, that we should we should make a point of that that the guy has only had one submission attack in in this match so far, but he spent more time in control, whereas Ali Beckov has has maybe been looking for the submission more and maybe he would be better. Yeah, if he if he focused more on the control positions, maybe he would have more success. But so does which counts more, submission attempts or control? It depends on the submission attempts because a submission attack like this may look decent for the uninitiated, but if you look at the pressure on the ankle and the position of the limb, you know that guy is not in any danger here. Yeah, exactly. With the back flat on the mat like that and the the hips flat on the mat, it's very difficult to pre apply breaking pressure through the ankle. But if he can control Gabbec on the mat, that would be a sweep. That looked like two points for me. That looked like two points. I saw the That's a two-point sweep in my opinion. But the referees shook their head. But that was two points. Nobody initiated a sequence there. It was two points. I felt like uh I felt like Albec actually kicked him back and kind of scooped the ankle and picked it up. But still, just my opinion. Everybody sees the match differently. Yeah. Yeah. But but again, look at this. This is a very deep. He has the They're immediately watching the replay over there. They've got the replay over there. I see. I love the ref the IGO judges here. They're so precise. Yeah, they want to make sure that there was it was correct. And they're checking out. They're checking out right now the the replay. Ste, we see here the last 20 seconds of this match. Now, this is interesting cuz if it goes Yeah. Then I would argue that Guybec has not had as much authority in this round as he did in the previous round. And I would say that these submission attacks from Gatsumar, they count. I think that he's won this round. Mhm. Even though it ends 000 on the the judges will think that he won this round. Is this the second round or this is the last round? This is the second round. Okay, we're on to the last round. Third and final round coming up. That's it. [Music] What do you think about the setup here? Amazing. It's amazing. Looks incredible. That looks like a Titan trot over there from our young WWF days. So I think that Alip Beckov dropped back for a number of leg attacks and I think the accumulated submission attacks, the submission attempts that he had on the the same ankle in almost every attack, I think was definitely the defining factor in that round. Sure. So as we enter the third and final round, let's see. I wanted to get a replay of that part where it was a little confusing with the sweep. And there is every single member of the team is in the corner on both sides both of Universal Fighters and Team Nagamed and they are imploring their athletes here in the team Nagameda corner. You can see here on the screen, look at that. There are there is some intense coaching going on right there. Very different attitude in the Universal Fighters. I mean, jiu-jitsu is a team sport always that, you know, the teams are, you know, they're rooting for their fighters, but this time it's, you know, it's a little different because the win of the team counts on that fighter who's going to take this one right now. Absolutely. As you mentioned, that that's what makes it more fun. So, no early guard pull as yet. We're actually seeing a little bit of standard pressing, but no, Gabbec decides to sit playing a half guard here. Looking for that under hook. Will we see him wrestle up? Oh, that's nice work there from Albec. Kind of coming over the top. He has the uh solid under hook and he used this position earlier to put guy under pressure. Warning about hands in the face. Restart in the center. Oh, guy tried to pull him into guard, but he almost he kind of missed him for a second. He had to square back up to try and get him back into a position. And we're actually we're seeing a stalling warning. The stalling clock is running against in black. Yeah, but they Alec was being told to work and he already has uh has managed to clear that stalling clock. This is an interesting thing we should explain as well in the rules that that if the referee feels that the fighter is inactive, he allows him he gives him a warning and he has a 20 second stalling clock. If he gets busy in that period, the clock is uh is is wiped off. No penalty is given. But if he stays inactive, then he could could receive a penalty. Get a penalty. And what's expected from the fighter on top is not just being active, they also want the fighter on top to actively inress the match. Exactly. So you need to see them you will see them hand fighting on the top maybe trying to uh deceive the judge in a way to say I'm working but uh the judges act they actually want you to initiate a guard passing position if you are on top or exactly to progress the match and all of the judges here know what they are looking for. That is a decent looking uh there was a moment of pressure on the knee knee bar, but Gbeck is out. But every single referee and judge here at Aiga is well they're all black belts and they're all very proficient introduced. So they know what they're looking at. So actually Damir is a brown belt. Oh, there you go. Thank you very much. He rolls like a black belt. Oh, he definitely he he's a killer. I've known Damir for a while. I've traded with him, too. He's a killer. Here's another drop back in dropping back for the uh for the straight ankle lock. And if this match remains 000 you mentioned yeah you you put it could be a perfect victory. Katar Mad is insistent on these leg attacks and even though they have not really come close to securing the submission and this is the first time we saw Gabbec go for a leg lock of his own. Just a brief look at that total position. You have to imagine how slippery they are after 15 minutes. It's three fiveminute rounds. Oh, and he's exposed his back. The leg attacks, leg entanglement opened. And now Gabbec is close to securing the back control. Fight his way out. And he does. He clears it. Nothing yet. And I would say that he was never really in danger there. Didn't have a hand around the neck. He didn't have the hooks in. And while he's driving forward, Alameov hit the scoring warning with just over one minute remaining in this match. And you can hear the the voices are so loud too from both corners. So invested in this right now. It sounds like a soccer stadium here. Gatarum needs to keep going forward. He can't afford to get hit by a penalty at this late stage in the match. Being 000, he needs to keep keep attacking. Tries to go around the back there. Almost there. Gabbeck recovery, but now Alec almost chest back for a moment. Nice guard recovery there from Gabbec. Elects to go back to Turtle. Less than 30 seconds remaining. How these guys are giving it their all they don't want to they don't want to lose this one for their team. This is going to a referee decision. And I would say I would say my opinion here is that I feel that team nuramed of may have won this match with his performance in the final two rounds of this particular match. End of the match and the team mago are celebrating. They think that they've got this. We need to wait for the official decision but they are celebrating as if they have won this encounter. And there's this there's a so how between the judges to see what they think here. All the judges are here. So uh what's what makes this interesting how is that if um how if Nurma MMA school wins this fight they have avenged their loss from the previous Champions League final. This is it. Yeah. We see the corner here from the team. I feel like they think that this is they they're confident that they've taken this. They're confident that they've won, but there is no guarantee. We still need to wait for the judges decision to make this official. We are seconds away from finding out who takes win of the night. Will it be the returning champions from 2022 Universal Fighters or will it be their rivals from Dagistan, Team Nurmagamedov? A repeat of the final from last season. This is a rematch. Yeah, the opening match of this event was a rematch between the champion and the runners up. A lot on the line here. There's Gabbec and I I I'm I'm looking I'm seeing I'm sensing a look of defeat on his face. I don't think he's confident that he won this. And the psychology here is also a factor. The referees and the judges will always look to see the demeanor of the athletes at the end of the match. Do they think that he's confident that he won this? So, why? Look at the difference. Sorry. Look at the difference in posture in the two. They're asking. You see Albec is walking around whereas Guybec has only now just got to his feet and but they all these guys gave it their all. They went they went for it definitely. A nice show of sportsmanship here from the rivals from Dagistan and they're I think that's a special moment. It goes to show that as as intense as this competition is, the respect between the two is so important. Good great sportsmanship and the crowd's loving it too. Yeah, we have a very educated audience here in uh in Kazakhstan. This this city Alati has a thriving jiu-jitsu community. They love combat sports. They love they love all forms of combat sports. They love judo. They love wrestling. And now they've really fallen in love these last few years with jiu-jitsu and submission grappling. And they really appreciate the action we've seen here. And not only that, but they appreciate the respect and the sportsmanship as displayed by the the two competitors here. Okay, we're going to find out. Drum roll. And there we have it. Michael, first win of the night. [Applause] Well, that is a very significant that is a very significant result here. So, how the rematch was not a repeat. The result was different from last year's final. We're seeing an overall replay here of the uh the best match, the best moments from this very intense 15minute match, the three rounds. and Gabbec sealed it the first round, put points on the scoreboard, really did what was necessary to dispel any doubt, but the second two rounds were open enough. And I there's some protest here from Universal is here. Um, he's complaining with the decision. I'm sure he still has that match where the clothing malfunction cost this fighter the the match. I still think he has that on his mind because um oh these leg attacks they just they added up you know even though the leg attacks weren't necessarily uh enough to to really finish the match but they were constantly hunting for the finish constantly looking for that submission that really matters here and there is that moment the hand raise off got his hand raised that that was the moment of celebration for team that was a fair that was a fair decision. I think it was I I think it was a fair decision. [Music] So we see Mamemed Abdul Caviar still not happy with the with the decision how over there um the manager of Universal Fighters still standing in protest. He's not happy. And now advancing by a score of four to three. Your winners, team Nurmaga Menov, both teams can now shake hands. Wow. So, the Universal Fighters. [Music] They're they're not showing up on that right now. That shows that they're just not happy with making not happy with the decision. [Music] All right, that's it from the the first series. Team Nur Magamed versus Universal Fighters. Nur Magamed take the win in this first series. And coming up next, we have team Medulo versus Team Al Leone. We'll be right back. The second pair of teams up first from the red corner, team Al Leone. So, I'm going to say goodbye for now. How it was a pleasure uh and an honor sharing the mic with you. Uh I'm looking forward to uh to getting some more commentating with you in there. We also need your introduction as well. I'm going to switch over to my boy BMac over here. He's standing behind me like a hawk. He wants to get in on the action. It's goodbye from mear. Uh, shout out to my boys at Art Suave Academy in Tehran. I'll be back. Bye-bye. At 65 kg, Dyiki Yona. [Music] at 70 kg. Shu White Ching [Music] at 76 kg. Kenta Iwamoto [Music] at 83 kg. Joseph Chen [Music] at 91 kg. Kamal Akagundas [Music] And at 91 plus kg, Ka Rudolph. and their opponents in the blue corner. Team Maddo up first at 60 kg, Brino Peterson. and at 65 kg. Zack Kina [Music] at 70 kg. Fabricio Andre at 76 kg. Dante Leon [Music] at 83 kg. Isaac Michelle at 91 kg. programs. Jean Carlo Badoni [Applause] [Music] and at 91 plus kg, Luke Griffith. [Music] team manager now in the center of the mat with the head referee and we will draw the order of weights. [Music] The first weight will be 91 plus kilogram. [Applause] The second weight will be 70 kg. The third weight will be 65 kg. [Music] The fourth weight will be 60 kg. The fifth weight will be under 91 kg. The sixth weight will be 83 kg. He's the seventh and final weight is 76 kg. Plus 91 kg athletes can remain on the mat. We'll get this started. All right, we're about ready to get underway here with the first match in this series, the second series of this event. Aiga is going to be team Mulo against team Alioni. And the first match is in the over 91 kg division. That is Luke Griffith versus Ka Rudolph. And I am joined by my buddy Brandon. Great to have you on the call with me, BMAC. Man, this is a an incredible event. Our first time here in Kazakhstan, our first time calling the Aiga Champions League and starting here with this match. You must be pretty excited. I'm fired up. I'm excited to be here, man. This production level is incredible. And we're going to start off this Madalfo versus Alleon match with one of the baddest rising stars in the entire sport, Luke Griffith. Yeah, you see him here in the green team Rashgard. Of course, all the teams wearing the same colors and that uh kind of forest green there, Luke Griffith from South Africa, training in Austin, Texas with John Danaher and the New Wave squad. and Luke Griffith, a an ADCC European trials winner, veteran of the 2022 ADCC World Championships. But I don't think that I don't think those credentials really do enough to kind of say what this guy's about, right? Yeah. He's he's already a trials champion, but he's grown so much since that time. He comes out, makes contact, pulls guard right away. Now, you'd be Yeah, you wouldn't be aiss for thinking that there's a big size disparity in this match. Here on top in black is Ka Rudolph, hailing from New Zealand. Look at that. And he definitely is undersized compared to the very tall figure of Luke Griffith who hits this early sweep. No points though this early in the match. So, the only way to score points in the first two minutes is through a takedown. But Luke's looking for the kill right away. Yeah, he he knows now that that submission if he can get this match done early and these guys can get out of here and move on to the next look at the hip flexibility there from Rudolph. He say he he saved the pass for a bit but Luke looking to step across to the mount. Yeah, when you break it down for us this interesting grip that Griffith has over the back here. Yeah, he's he's in a north south basically, but that under hook and then that pin, he's basically got him in a pin there, but he wants to step over into this mount. He's using that grip under the body. There he goes to isolate and pin the hip so he can step over into the full mount. Oh, we going to see a smother. Are we going to see a smother choke? We know these new wave guys have basically put the smother choke on the Look at this though. An excellent counter work. Ka was looking to come out the back door. Well, that hip flexibility is absolutely insane. This is bad news. He's already got the double under hooks trying to slide up. Maybe thinking about sliding up to an Smount. Anytime those elbows get separ separated away from the torso like that, it is a dangerous position to be in. And especially so when you have the very large figure of Luke Griffith on top of you in control like this. But hey, he's not just got the smother, right? He's got options. He's got a lot of options and he's going straight to the gift wrap. He's going to look to slide to the back and try to put this thing down early and maybe switching off now to the arm triangle back into the double under hook search. And now the points are in. We're seeing a lot happening here. Griffith is uh he's using the threat of multiple attacks from this position even though he is in control. He is by no means just riding out the position. And look how he threatens the Americana on one side to try to open up the back take on the other side. Stay with it. Look at that. Ka gets that foot around in front. He's going to escape the mount with this. Lace up a leg. [Applause] Luke has to roll through and Rudolph Kyle looking to take the back of Luke Griffith. Escapes the mount position. [Applause] Incredible sequence there. And not over yet. thought for a moment that Rudolph might hit a kind of a sacrifice style sweep stroke throw on the guard pole, but that was incredible work there from Ka. And I think that goes to show that you know what, even though he was in a bad position, man, and and again in another bad position now. Still kind of just waiting for that moment to go on the attack. And that was an incredible piece of work there. They gave they gave Ka a negative for the guard pull because he pulled guard during that exchange. And now Luke with the guard pass. Interesting though. Oh yeah, we've seen now 3-0 for the pass from Griffith. It just took a while for the points to show on the board. And he's going to look to go back to the mount again. Setting it up. Here he comes. Interesting that we see him trap the leg before kind of straddling the chest this time. I think he wants to make sure that I mean he found out that Kyra is the kind of guy. He's got that squirmy kind of escapes, right? And I think he was like, "Okay, I'm not letting you out this time. I'm going to lock you down. Luke Griffith just putting on a display and we we saw Kaia get a little bit of momentum going. even looked pretty good on the feet there for just a second like he he threat he got the body locked almost jumped the back of Griffith and now Luke sliding around going to look to expose the back and now maybe the arm double threat and it's going to be the back take and Luke just racking up points locks the body triangle he's going to go across the face and try to close this thing out right now that was two points for the man three points for this body triangle and make a choke to get it done here in the first match in this series Griffith takes the ring for team Modulo. [Applause] The winner, Luke Griffith. Well, Brandon, I got to say that I am uh I'm not I'm not shocked by Luke Griffith taking the win in that match, but I will give credit where it's due. I am impressed by the resilience there midway through that match from Ka Rudolph, but I feel like it was a little bit too tall of a mountain to climb. The South African grappler obviously in control there and uh maybe you want to break us down through some of these moments here. Well, this was the big escape. You know, we almost got to look at it there. Check this out. We call that a B Smith in the 10th Planet system. slide those feet get inverted and look almost a big moment roll through by Griffith ends up on top position out of all of it. But aside from just the brief exchange from Ka, it was all Luke Griffith dominant positionally, dominant with the submission and no surprise team with this stacked squad comes out. Look, no need to even go under the chin. Just straight across across the face. Straight across the face. Everything under the nose is the neck. They say first team Leone. Shoot. Quiet. Shake. Yeah. Yeah. [Music] Shua Ching out of Shanghai, China representing Alion [Music] and his opponent from team Adulo, Fabricio Andre. And I think that this right here is one of the athletes that the audience and spectators should be most uh excited to watch. Fabricio Andre, an absolute firecracker of a grappler, hailing from the manos, the manos in the Amazon, commonly referred to as the Dakistan of Brazil, where all the best champions come from. The Hokag has taken the mat. Here we go. We're underway. There is a quick look at the tail of the tape, but the action is underway already. There is no wasting time here at Aigga Champions League. Fabricio Andre, one of the most exciting athletes in the sport. Incredible athlete. Brilliant movements. He's already sliding around the guard and a nice recovery. But here he goes past the guard already. He saw it coming with the speed of that leg drag and the footwork and getting around the guard so quick. This is why you can't blink when Fabricio Andre is on the mat and he's looking to jack that arm up. Got the under hook deep over here on his left side. Heavy hips with that mount. And you know what? If there was any question about whether the guys would take it easy in the first two minutes because there are no points and they would step on the gas in the latter half of the round. Well, it just goes to show that Fabricio Andre is out to get it done. Yeah, they put all all of that idea to rest. He's worked. Check that out. How he brings that right arm across and uses the lever of the elbow to try to pry the grip apart. Yeah, you see Ching has got a he's got a sailor grip style sg grip. Uh his hands, he's doing his best to try and keep his elbow well stop it from getting flared out by linking his hands together. But I don't know if that defense is going to cut it. It's only going to last so long. If Andre can keep this dominant position, he'll be able to walk. And he thought about switching off to the double under hooks there. You saw it for just a moment. Sliding the elbow all the way across now. Yeah, he's insistent on attacking that side. He wants that arm trying the skipping escape as Chen, but the hips of Fabricio Andre super low, super heavy. Oh, he may be stepping across looking for the triangle. See him threatening it now. Coming high. He's kind of covering the top of the arm with his right leg now. He's kind of coming up closer to the shoulder. He's got to be careful though. He's got to be careful as he starts to get his hips light to get in position so he can move. It opens up that kipping escape opportunity. You can see that he felt that knee starting to slide in. Decided to bail. Take the safer route. Just stay heavy. Oh, and here come recovery back into the butterfly guard. Going to try to kick into a leg lock. Points now active. We're over halfway through this first fiveminute round. First round of three. But of course, a submission can end this match entirely at any moment. Look at the way Fabricio Andre deals with the leg attack. Oh, the the dynamicism and the footwork is really he he moves so quickly. Yeah, I I think he's got the best movement of any athlete that we're going to see this weekend. [Applause] And I I got to say, I just want to point this out, Brandon. I I really like his passing posture. you know, the way that he's uh he's kind of he switches from being flat to on his toes. He's got it hips low, but then he can explode in a moment. It's uh it's artistry. Reverse dehiva off the bottom position. Gives a kick away. Now going to try to invert. Kiss of the dragon style. Almost he gives up the guard pass during his movement. Yikes. That was a a big technical error on Ching's part there. I think for Bruce Andre was almost uh happy to allow him to try that move. And you see Andre just switching sides back and forth. Gets the knee in position. Clears the guard. He'll score off of this. Nice work of that inside elbow control, keeping the tricep off the ground, the elbow off the ground, denying Ching the ability to shrimp away, recover guard, and not only does he pass, he goes from knee into the mount. Now he's got a nice 50 lead. And that of course we should point this out here that the points may be confusing people. It was three for the pass, two for the mound. That's right. It's a hybrid rule set here, right? It is. It's a hybrid rule set. They use the scoring convention of ADCC for the most part. So that would be two for the man, three for the back, three for the body triangle. Yeah, it's either two or three. Two, three. Two, three. 30 seconds to go here in this opening round of our second match. Team Maddalfo fully in control. Nice head positioning. You see how Fabricio uses his head against the face. Oh, he's going to try to step off for the kamura. Didn't quite have the grips that he wanted. And we'll be back to an open guard situation with less than 10 seconds to go here in the opening round. That's time. That's the end of the first fiveminute period. The athletes will go back to their corners for a uh a brief moment. That's one one round down, one in the bag for teamo. You can see in the corner actually is Mo Jackson, the head ADC organizer, the organizer for 2020, well 2019 and 2022 and the upcoming 2024 ADCC World Championships. But here's the best moments. Do you want to talk us through some of these here, Brandon? You know, we can see Fabricio, he he changes sides so well. His movement is so clean with his guard passing. He'll go side A, side B, back and forth. And once he gets once he gets you behind just a little bit, able to slide that knee into position, uses the knee on belly to solidify the guard pass, and then steps right into the mount position. some strong positional attacking, strong guard passing from from Fabricio, but not able to secure the submission. I don't feel like he's been too insistent on the submission yet in this match. I mean, he's definitely he's definitely uh, you know, sort out some openings, but I wouldn't say that he's really gone for the kill yet. Maybe we'll see that change now. He's 5 minutes down and the blood is flowing and warm and ready to go. Little little adjustment to the clock there. They started it just a little bit early. There we go. And so Ching pulls guard again. Remember, the only way to score a point leg drag, only way to score a point in the first two minutes of the match of each round is via takedown. So, look at this. Now, exactly the same guard pass we've seen now three times in a row. Wow. It's one of the most effortless looking leg drags I think I've ever seen, Brandon. Yeah, just dominant Brazilian jiu-jitsu from Fabricio Andre using that kneeon belly to push those hips. But Ching staying up on his side, keeping himself from getting mounted right now. And Fabricio not really pushing the pace too much because there's no there's no points to be had right now. So, one minute until the points hit. Curious to see the way that Fukris Andre was hanging out in that position there. It's uh his knee was almost entirely across the torso when touching the mat, but he didn't pass his leg all the way across. His his foot was hooking the hip. So, it's kind of a hybrid knee ride mount. But yeah, similar to the way, you know, if you're a a fan of ADCC over the years, historically, think about the way that Hiler Gracie used to look when he passed the guard. It was all about sliding into that neon man. Check this out. Arm triangle itself. And I think that was why that's that's why when you're in the mount, it's maybe sometimes a little bit uh it's a little bit easier for the guy to kind of shell up, but when you hang out in that kind of halfway position, then uh it it can give you a little more in the way of openings, right? Yeah. And I was thinking maybe Andre was going to hang out in that knee ride until the points period hit so he could just make an easy score right there. just put himself in position so that when the points started, which is right now, that he could be ready to get a quick two. Oh my god, pass. Love it. Love that attack right there. He nearly cleared the the inside knee. And I think he's going to get it there. He manages to deal with that inside leg. Back exposure. Oh, look at this. Maybe a reversal coming up. Oh, yeah. That's good work there from Ching. Yeah, and he's going to have to wrestle with Fabricio now. Two and a half to go in the second round of our second matchup here. Team Malfo wrist only. There was a wrist snap attempt there. We were just talking about that right before we went on the air. We were geeking out over wrestling techniques with Brandon. You mentioned one of your favorite. Look at that slide by the foot sweep from the back. Fabricio Andre one hooking. We're seeing some really slick grappling here at IGA. Ching denying that second hook, but he's got to be careful keeping his hand down there. I mean, Fabricio could move right into a choke. There's the second hook now coming in. It's going to make it 300. And you could score from this back control position with either two hooks in or a body triangle. And just like with ADCC, you can score multiple times in a row from the back position. So Fabricio and and you'll see that here. He just did that 6-0 now. Seems to be going high though cuz he maybe like reverse triangle from this position. Got the rear triangle switching off this camora grip to control it. Oh, Ching is in deep water here. Deep deep waters. Oh man. Brief separation of that grip. And there it is. Oh, look at the shoulder lock attack. And I think actually that shoulder lock has enabled Chin to kind of just about get a little angle. He's going to go for the Americana on the inside. The Udi Gami thought he might slip his head out, but the triangle only got to Got it. Tangled arm lock. Beautiful. Tical. Two matches, two submissions. Team Malfo. How would you call that submission, Brandon? Um, it's got a couple different names. Tangled Armock, Udy Gami. It's an Americana from inside the rear triangle. Depends on how many words you want to put on it. I'd call it gangster is what I would call it. Yeah. Dominance from uh from start to finish. A uh clear advantage for team in that match. And Ching, I think, showed that actually, you know what, Chinese jiu-jitsu is maybe better than some people expected because hey, he hung in nearly 10 minutes with a a world caliber Brazilian athlete right there. Yeah, I mean he stayed in the match, but we also got to be honest. It was oneided. It was totally one-sided. Oh, look at this. The foot sweep from the back. That was so And just immediately to the hook, too. Look at that. Fabricio Andre probably the best athlete that we're going to see on the stage all weekend. It's quite the statement, isn't it? I I really think he is. Oh my goodness. Nasty Americana style pressure. Look at this. just goes hands on hands, separates, breaks the grip, drives the heels, driving through. Oh man, makes me wink. Disgusting. Disgusting. And yet also a thing of beauty. There it is again. Perfect angle. You can see the torque going through the shoulder, the hips locked uh into the shoulder and the the legs completely closed tight. gave chain absolutely no room to escape and was able to get that win. Now that makes it two in a row from the golf from team Alion Diki Yona. [Music] and representing teamo, Zack Kina. [Music] So, this should be an interesting matchup. Zack, one of the newer, lesser known guys on the Malfo team, but I've been here with him for a couple of days this week, and I've been watching this kid practice. He's a uh black belt train partner, AOJ Black, I'm sorry, AOJ black belt, training partner out there with Ka Bonte. And I was watching this kid move around on the mat this week. He's sharp, sharp guard player, great movement. When you come out of the Mendes Brothers Academy, uh, art of jiu-jitsu, there is, uh, there's basically no way that you don't develop some seriously precise technique. Those guys are well known and Zach Ker has basically been there since he was a little kid. You know, he's one of those guys who went through from the juvenile ranks all the way through up to the uh to the black belt level just like Kabate who is in his corner for this match. Look at that Yoniko Daiiki of Japan representing team Alion on bottom here and he's looking for a false re you know I've always said this Brandon and I I I feel like you probably agree being the student nice leg attack here kind of addresses it well but I always feel like the Japanese grapplers are overlooked and yet you as a student of you know all combat sports and as a a lover of the old school Japanese MMA you well know that Japanese grapplers are not always to be underestimated. Oh definitely not. Definitely not. Look at the flexibility that cuz the Japanese grapplers, they were the ones, they pioneered leg locks in noi grappling in MMA way before the Americans caught on. Yeah, they were doing it way before it was cool, you know. Of course, I luminina just a long list of great leg lockers. And this style is it's a it's a little funky as well. you know, Japanese Japanese grapplers, it's they're quite far removed from the international scene. They don't compete on the international scene maybe quite as much as some other nationalities. So semi isolated. They've developed their very own interesting take on jiu-jitsu and it's very good, but sometimes it can pose a little, you know, a little funkiness comes through. Look at these catch guys to the back attempt by Kina. He's got great movement, but listen, this one's tight. K uh Kina and Daiiki, man. Dyiki hit that reversal just 15 seconds before the points came into play. So even now he's on top dropping back for another leg lock. He could have scored two for that points. And now the points period comes in. And now we'll see if they stop with the back and forth leg exchange. They start prioritizing the points. They tested each other out just a little bit. Kind of working towards this leg drag. a very competent and uh very stious black belt once told me that for every leg lock there's a baron bolo counter and for every baron bolo there's a leg lock counter and I feel that dye insisting on the leg game here that kind of he's going to have those answers but oh he's got the answer for the wrestle up as well oh man I thought he might get that back take there but he's going to slide off the top he's attacking the kamura he's got a figure four grip with both the legs and the arms there for a second, but that's two for for Dyiky. He's on top now. Yeah, he finishes in top position. So, first points on the board for Alleon as Dyke takes the lead on Kina. Yeah, Kina, no question, has all the technical answers for these leg lock leg locks. I I almost felt like uh Yonakura was um was almost entering into the legs like a lot of people do with the intention the intention of going for something else. Yeah, it's a great strategy. I think we'll see it a lot this weekend. Yeah, I I think it's a situation where like two plus two equals five. Like you got the guard passing, you got the leg locks, but when you have both at your disposal, it gives both an extra power up and we just saw that. Slowed it down. The change in pace now Yanukur is on top and he's like, "Hey, I'm two up. I'm going to chill here for a bit." He's not stalling. He's he's putting Kinder under pressure, but he's not as uh he's he shifted down the gear now. You can definitely feel it. Well, yeah, he definitely shifted his strategy. Nice. Look at the leg lock there. Actually forced Kina to bail away, which is unusual. Kind of lassling the leg around on his left side. Yakura looks good. trying to slide into a leg drag of his own. Has the staple on the right side. Wants to punch that leg the rest of the way across. So now another good weave of