Kind: captions Language: en Both come in at the WNO light heavyweight limit. 10 minutes of action here in our main card opener of WNO 32. Austin Cenos in the red, Raju Duaan in the blue. Yeah, Raju I hear some very very nice things here. Coming off of a win submission victory of Peche Barge, that's that's no small task, so we'll see here. Golly, I got to tell you it's quieter than a library in here, Shawn. So that you can hear a pin drop. So you can. Austin Cenos out of that B team. Raju Duaan very decorated career globally as he tries to make it happen in his WNO debut in Texas. Cenos pushing pushing around here. There's nice little two-on-one. Can't really climb into anything. Duaan out of the Kings Way Jiu Jitsu team. Really nice complex systems that they fine tune and hone. We've had the pleasure of seeing several of their athletes already here tonight. Collar tie and over tie here. Let's see. Let's see if Raju sits with this. Like he's got a nice little he had a for a second he had a outside two-on-one. A nice little shot like that. Good time now he's underneath on the legs, so And like we talked about in the last match, just giving your opponent something to think about whether it's a takedown that you actually dedicate to or just feinting it. It's just something to apply and percolate on the mat. Yeah, Cenos here right hand on the hip. Can't get by the legs. Getting around one side settling in with that knee in the middle. See that nice left left hook and left butterfly hook from Cenos like Yeah, he actually got an ud gatame right there. &gt;&gt; [applause] &gt;&gt; He caught an ud gatame like deceiving some of those things, but he got stuck. And right on the elbow with the ud gatame. Lightning quick effort here in our main card opener. Less than 2 minutes. Yeah, those are deceiving when there's that much space. They go on quite quickly and it looked like nothing that turned into something. Really. [laughter] I mean, you know, it's it's he you saw I saw him go for there's like a flash ud gatame there when your knees are in somebody reach for your head, but Cenos countered it really well. He pulled his elbow down. But the second time he was able to actually it was a much slower approach and he was actually able to keep keep that elbow uh in good position. So the forearms are on the triceps side of the elbow and then when that baby goes on it goes on it just gets stuck. So a relatively quiet submission, but boo. Yeah, it was one that didn't elicit much reaction from the audience in terms of impressive, right? Yeah, that's that's that's that flash ud gatame. This time where you just go after it. This time watch, he's going to get the forearms above the the elbow, the triceps side of the elbow, and then it just gets right there. It just goes right on the elbow. When it goes right on the elbow itself, he had the foot up on the hip. It gets it goes from zero to a thousand in no time, really. And you know, it it can it can untie the elbow. That's that ud gatame is really nice arm lock. It's kind of untie the elbow. All about torque in the debut to validate his victory. Here's Alex Swedlund. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; And your winner, winning his debut by submission, RAJU DUAAN! RAJU Duaan with a freaky fast finish over the B team representative Austin Cenos. In terms of making the debut, right? He's traveled so far. That is a highlight that will absolutely precede him. And now the winner speaks with Kendall Reusing. Raju Duaan, congratulations on a submission victory. You had a great victory tonight. You recently had some surprising submission victories in other events. What do you want fans to know when you come and step on the mat? Uh just uh the John Danaher is one of the best coaches in the world. Buy his instructionals if you can. Come train with us at Kings Way Jiu Jitsu. Um best place to be uh right now in Jiu Jitsu definitely. Um and I hope more people from India can come and join me on the stage definitely. Do you think it makes uh a difference and a change here coming in being from India coming in making a big showing like this? What do you hope to say to your fans back home? Uh you can make it as well definitely. That's what I would like to say. Thank you to Shawn, Aman, and Medal for all the training, my my coach back at home, Ashwin Hoon. Um Mo Jablum, all those guys back in India. They've they've told me all of these things as well. We've all grown up watching Gordon Ryan and John Danaher. It's surreal to have them in the corner with me. Uh thank you to Abraham as well for helping me be here get here. But that's about it. I mean, you can make it as well if you try and just just try and join me over here. It's a bit lonely. But that's about it. And you've had these big wins. Is there anyone on your radar, any specific person you would like to come and try again with on who's number one? Uh I would prefer the easy fights definitely. Uh but if I can't get the easy fights, I know Nicky Ryan's looking to make a comeback. I'd love to fight him at 185 if I can. And um if not Nicky Ryan, then anyone else at 185 I'd be happy to fight. Amazing. Let's hear it again for Raju. Congratulations.