Kind: captions Language: en 16, 2 in in height, goes to Sainz. Each weighed in at the WNO featherweight limit. 9 minutes to determine who will duel James Ortiz for that Youth Grand Prix title. Will it be Bam Bam Velez or will it be Sainz? Yeah, I think this is going to be a fun fun, powerful match. A nice feint by Matheus just hits his hand in the middle forcing Matheus to the outside of the mat there like pressure. Sainz bringing more pressure than a blocked artery in the first minute of this one. Nearly took out one of our cameraman Matt Sainz. &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; And that's something that Bam Bam's going to have to deal with between the ears, right? This is a non-stop action man in front of him. Yeah, movement. For Matheus, it's a nice that's a nice little slide by too at the Yashi's. Really at the knee line rather than the foot line, but uh Sainz giving Velez overdrive here. Got to worry about the upstairs, got to worry about the downstairs. No dimension is safe. And we're less than a minute into this. Yeah. But that might work in the Bam Bam's favor, right? Let Sainz tire himself out. Let him work himself in the first couple minutes and then come alive in the back half. Yeah. Well, Matheus has a lot of nice movement going on. He's He's going to see if he can get to that angle when he can shoot. I Power-wise, looks like he's got the power edge. You can just kind of see both guys when sort of puts his hands on Velez, he's he's moving him around quite a bit differently. So, I would say that Bam Bam's going to need to get an angle to create something where he's not getting to get stuck underneath in any sort of forearm, guillotines. Sainz, one of four brothers lighting it up on the BJJ scene, Michael, Carlos, and Tristan. Luis Cao all representatives of that clan. &gt;&gt; [applause and cheering] &gt;&gt; Nice Andre, cross strike. But but you could see that the re-drag was coming too from Velez. So, it's not Yeah, it's These guys both looking good from the feet. Velez through 2 and 1/2 has been worried so much about defense, hasn't been able to really set the foundation of his offensive system here. Yeah, maybe you know, some some snap single, even just fakes like touching the knees, touching the knees. Try to trying to get Chinky's legs to come back cuz right now the legs are under the chest and he's in good position and so there's a lot of nice movement going on, but and some fakes at the head, but he's going to might he might have to come at at that knee get those legs moving backwards. Penalty for blue. Penalty called for Velez. Obstacle guard here. And that's going to be a big indicator on how this one could progress. &gt;&gt; [cheering and applause] &gt;&gt; So far tonight, the fighter who gets the first judges favor has been the one to win. Bam Bam Velez battle has begun to turn uphill. shot a take down right into a table there, Jack. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Sainz, six-time IBJJF Pan Kids champion, 2025 ADCC US US Nationals Youth champ as well as a Youth World champ. Again, Velez out of bounds. Yeah. If you've got someone who is just so aggressive and bull rushing you around the mat, what is maybe the pivotal answer that Velez can turn to? Yeah, that's what I'm He's got a nice uh movement, but he's not getting into the not moving the legs. So, a jump &gt;&gt; [cheering and applause] &gt;&gt; jumping knee cut He's trying to bug at your pace pretty out of position here. Yeah, that knee is right across the stomach. Better for him to let go. Look at that nice reversal though. Beautiful. Just a great bit of timing there by Velez. Bam Bam Velez clearing out some of that nasal passage on the mat. But you can feel a little bit of fire start to come back into him. Yeah. I mean, he's he's moving really well. I I like his movement, his fakes, his but again, if he can get from those little snap downs to then starting to pick at the knees like a snap single attempt, a sweep, just to show, hey, let's see if I can get Chinky's legs moving. Cuz Chinky's doing a great job. He's just solid, right? He's very solid. He's he's moving Velez better than the other way around, but the movement itself Bam Bam's doing a great job. So, To your point, there's no tax to come in on Bam Bam Velez, right? You got to lay some spike traps. You got to try and give him something to think about on the way in. No free rides here in the Youth semi-final. Again, looking very much like he's going to sit back again. Let's see. Velez needs to get those feet inside the middle. Velez showing a lot of dexterity here. But again, down a judge's favor with four to work. You're feeling a lot of urgency from both corners, but Bam Bam Velez still being quite patient. Yeah, that trying that jumping knee cut and then and trying to he's he's threatening sitting back, which is you know, again, that that plays with you if you're the guard player. If somebody if somebody's showing that they're going to sit back and it it's not that difficult to sit back and keep the knee line. He's pushed him away both feet. But that retraction, yeah, see that? He's nice deep entry again. Velez really got to get it that yeah, weight into that foot, get those legs off the hips. Now it's down. Sainz up two on the judges favors. 2:50 on the clock. Bam Bam is going to need to start producing. Nice counter. That was beautiful, man. A beautiful counter by Bam Bam and he's got He's almost able to get to the back there. There's Chinky's brother Tristan Sainz and Michael trying to guide their brother to victory here in the semis. He is 2 and 1/2 minutes removed from progressing to the finals unless Bam Bam Velez can come up with something. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Feels like Bam Bam has had some glimpses of momentum, but Sainz has really been the one driving and dictating where this is taking place. Yeah, now Bam Bam has to see if he can invert. He's got to bring his right leg in inside. He's got to Now he's got to get back up and get some weight into that leg. Tries a counter foot lock. A tricky, slick move from Bam Bam. Minute 40 remains. You can see a little bit of fatigue there on Bam Bam Velez as well. Sainz's corner calling for the lasso. Jumping knee cut. [cheering] Again, see if he Velez has got that knee in the middle. Again, see if he starts to pull the left the knee in on the on his left side. He's got that left hand that's all taped if he goes up to the thigh. Now Matheus' foot's in the middle, so that's not going to be there. That's Sainz flying knee cut again. Just caught Bam Bam sitting up. He's going to try that same reversal, but at least he got him back to the guard. It didn't &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; There, that's that's that's kind of what he needed from the beginning is that tap at the knee and then &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Reset to the center with 24 to go, but it is most likely decided. Our youth Grand Prix championship bout will be between Chyngyz Saynz and James Ortiz. Unless Bam Bam can get something done in the final 10. Chyngyz is super solid. You know, we can really commend Bam Bam for being so resilient, taking advantage of the split-second moments, the openings he's had, but &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Chyngyz Saynz coming out on top in this one. Yeah, really solid performance. Just in great position nearly the entire time. Real never really got out of position, at least very often. Let's look at the replay here. And you can see that movement [music] that they was stopped by the referee there, but you can see see how strong uh Chyngyz is just to counter and move [music] Bam Bam in, but then there's that flying knee cut, hit that twice. This [music] time Bam Bam hits a nice reversal here. He's caught him at great a great time, flipped him right over and then, but &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; again, Chyngyz re- recovered quite well there [music] and Ladas I think felt that that threat of that of the of the legs of Chyngyz sitting back on the legs. And there's one [music] more really nice flying knee cut right as Bam Bam's sitting starting to sit up. Solid performance. Great effort there from Chyngyz Saynz to validate that victory, we take it to Alex Wymling. And now, moving on to the finals of the featherweight Grand Prix, by unanimous decision, Chyngyz Saynz! &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Chyngyz Saynz getting it done on the scorecards, earning himself a date with James Ortiz later tonight in our youth Grand Prix finals. And when you think about it, right? James Ortiz displayed a relentlessness to his approach, so did Chyngyz Saynz. Two unstoppable objects, Sean. Yeah, that's got to be a great final. They Both [music] Both are James going to have to figure out how to chip away at such a solid solid base of Chyngyz Saynz.