Kind: captions Language: en Rank 16, Spa Tire, Kade Ruotolo. A little bit of an underdog in our first semi-final. Ready? Fight. 15 minutes of action in our first lightweight semi-final of our Championship Grand Prix. DeAndre Corbe in the red, Max Hanson in the blue. Yeah, and Ben, I I didn't mean to dish your prediction. I like to say what what instead of just predicting what what what does each person need to do to win? That's where I find much more interesting is just to say, "Hey, what's the pathway that each individual needs to take to win?" That That feels like you really got to to to understand what they do, what problems they're facing, and how they can they solve them. That's where I find it to be really interesting for me. Um DeAndre, you know, if Max is is coming out wrestling, which is um which maybe he's looking to create some opportunity off of a shot, so which is is very good great idea to try to make DeAndre shoot or get out of position, and then and then create an opportunity after that shot. Um but but overall uh as if past the service, DeAndre has just a little bit more wrestling prowess, I believe, but but Max is actually looking really nice. His hand fighting's good. He's getting two on ones. His angles been must have been working on this a lot. Corbe, 4 years of wrestling in high school, accumulating 142 victories during that time. So, when you think about how that complements his BJJ game, that wrestling is deeply in the back pocket. Yeah, there's a nice level change. Hanson again has to watch that level. He's starting to stand up. As he starts to tie up, you can see him stand up just a tiny bit. That That He's He's got to watch that and keep his that his head position relatively neutral to or around Corbe's head position. Nice single. Good. And that's where Hanson tried you know, there there it was. He tried to dive under a leg off a single, so We'll see if he can get some some movement to come up on him. Nice. This is one of the keys for Hanson, I believe, is to use his leg attacks to to to do more than just try to finish. It's either move Corbe, come up, wrestle up, just create movement. There's another nice version, but Stop. 12:27 on the clock here between Corbe and Hanson. Just got to watch that left arm there. So, yeah, Hanson was wise to pummel that left arm back inside. &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; Now doubling up on that right arm of Corbe for a moment. Corbe can ride this right hand right into his an underhook on this far side here. Because he's pulling the leg up. To pull the leg up just helps so Hanson can't invert it. Back into headquarters position. Hanson just trying to get under there. He's got trying to underneath or outside roll if K guardish type of environment seal up the legs. There's a nice little kind of misdirection. Now he come up with this just to show this is where I think one of his keys is he's got to get come up with this right now. Got to the top, straight footlock attempt is a very nice entry, beautiful beautifully done. And that that's what I believe one of his keys is is just get in the legs, get sticky, come up, and then one of these maybe he's just goes after extra hard after he's come up a couple times. Got to watch this watch this Troy bar. He's got to keep that right hand in the bottom knee, and then the left hand and left hand should be pushing the top knee right now. Instead of once your hand assists, your right hand stays in the bottom knee. Now he's lost a leg, so he could have pulled this out, but his leg is vulnerable there for the follow-up leg attack. 10:30 on the clock. Just under 5 minutes has transpired in our first lightweight semi-final. The crown that Diego Pato formerly wore up for grabs. Almost nice. That's a nice heel hook right there. That's a really nice heel hook he's got. He's got a lot of pressure there. Now he should throw his leg through. If he throw his leg through and come back to the top, he really hasn't lost anything there. It's a really nice I don't really agree with that. To be honest. Not at all. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I believe that Hanson right now is winning this match. Um he's had a nice attempt leg attempt. He's wrestled up nicely. That was a very deep heel hook, so Right now I think Hanson's doing everything he can. He's got to watch his own leg here. That knee is getting very close. Nice little dive over. DeAndre's brother, Gavin, cornering him here tonight. Quality over quantity in terms of instruction from the Corbe corner. 9:10 on the clock. Hanson again going after the lower appendages. Yeah, again, as long as I think he uses it well. Okay, get up, get on top, get Instead of just say, "Yeah, come up." He If he comes up here, I feel like that's a much better tactic for him because in history, he's just stayed on the legs way too long. He's just stayed on the legs against really high-level guys just for too long, and then it just eats up a lot of clock there. That's a very nice thing for him to do. He just wrestled up nicely. Corbe in on his leg now. He's going to have a pretty He could have a pretty deep leg attack if this leg gets free here. Corbe doing a nice job of just always being active, always offering Hanson something to think about, and giving him something to address at all stances of this fight. Yeah, Hanson tried that knee wedge back take. Got her off just to bring the knees inside. So, Corbe says, "Right back at you." Uses the legs to get back up on the top. &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; Just over the midway point here in our first lightweight semi-final. Corbe has a singular judge's favor on Hanson. And what we've seen tonight so far, right, is that doesn't add an extreme amount of urgency, right? When you're down by a favor or two, you're not really wanting to sell out because you know, I'm assuming, Shawn, it's those margins of errors that you don't want to play around with. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's right. And uh these favors are just favors, right? Judges favors are a great way to indicate who the judges think kind of say, "Hey, this is we're leaning towards this right now. This is where we're leaning. We feel like this person has has control, but like it it doesn't take a lot. It doesn't take besides a submission. It doesn't take a lot of uh of submission attempts, deep ones, positional control to change the that all all together, so There's Heath Pedigo in Hanson's corner. Those Pedigo fighters always have such a bag of tricks that they bring on to the mats. Hanson's going to need to dig deeply into his if he wants to get to that lightweight final. Yeah, he's been looking good. Here, Corbe is getting in better and better position. There's a nice little John Wayne there to move move him, but he still didn't get him out all the way. Corbe should walk to the right here and start laying these legs down. Corbe trying to sneak up onto Hanson. Yeah, Hanson got the underhooks. Now should be able to get Yeah, he got some space there. That battle on that far side super important. 6 minutes left here, Max. Corbe doing a good job keeping that right leg inside there. Now the movement's starting. Very nice side side movement. And See if he staples an arm down here. Does Corbe see if he puts a shin across the bicep and just staples it to the floor. It's a very good way to to to beat this type of guard. You put a shin, staple the arm. He's elected to turn him to the turtle position, but Intelligence from DeAndre Corbe this entire match-up. No surprise as he has a bachelor's in mechanical engineering. You got to have a brain between the ears to get a mechanical engineering degree. Some slight bruising above the left eyebrow of Max Hanson. Five to go. Hanson still trails by a singular favor. Judges favor red. Make that two. Yeah. Yeah, Hanson has slowed quite a bit, so I don't necessarily think that that one's far off here. Corbe putting the pressure now. And that's the interesting thing about that initial decision, right? When they were both in that sort of 50/50 spot, it did appear that Hanson was the one leading it, which would mean that we'd be tied at a favor a piece. But now with 4:20 to go, Hanson firmly up against the wall. Yeah, he's Corbe getting He's getting in closer and closer, right? He's getting above the knee every once in a while. He's kept He's keeping his right leg inside really nicely. But yeah, now he's Now he's getting settled in. Let's see. Hanson's got to throw that right leg over. It's Yeah, but it's too loose. Yeah, Corbe getting in deeper and deeper and closer and closer to passing the guard, but this is going to He's starting to carry a lot of weight is as Hanson is as Corbe makes it through and above the knees, then that your knee shields kind of fit start to fail. You start to carry the weight with the arms and it can wear you down. It's almost double the effort of your opponent. Yeah. See if he can get a He's got a next guard in a sort of some sort of next guard style sweep here. Let's He's going to pummel the right foot in and try to come up as Hanson, but nope. Corbe pressing that leg down. Hanson doing a nice job of getting up on the top of shoulders, but This near battle right there is really important for Hanson to win that battle with that right hand. Get that wrist. Get your guard. Start getting your legs back. It's right now the legs are getting smashed. And if to out pummel that right foot and start to pummel it around the legs, And it almost seems like it's a matter of time given the incremental movements that making, the small wins adding up Yeah. &gt;&gt; for him here. Now he's in what we'd call a straddle position here. Knees down, head in the front. This is very, very heavy for Yeah, very nice job to move to the side. He's elected to cut a corner and that means he's going to just chase the back. Hanson needs to get the back on the floor and turn to the ceiling. He could turn hard if he He turns now, he had a his arm was actually not in a bad position being under the leg if he turned, but now he's starting to get himself in trouble. I see kata gatame come in and Hanson looks like he's really fading now to He needs to bridge hard, hard, hard up to the left corner and he's just not doing that. Corbe locking down space. And still a good amount of time on the clock, too. I mean, this is going from bad to worse for Max Hanson. Yeah, he's got a near side underhook now as Corbe. Hanson thinks that last exchange start to really take a toll on him there. He looks much more tired. Just not enough gas in the tank, maybe. Yeah, doing a great job keeping that right leg inside and keeping pressure on the legs, keeping weight on the knees. Hanson's corner telling him that he's got time. And while I don't disagree, Shawn, you do need to do something with it. Yeah, it's it's tough where he's got that that right leg on the inside deep like that and you you can't just keep trying to pull yourself under on the leg. It's It's just going to be a losing opposition. There's some nice leg pummeling around. See if he stays in the turtle position, try to take the back again. Hanson might be able to get out. No, he stopped. He was He was going to turn to the top there for a moment, but That was full gift wrap. He's got a double underhook scenario here as Corbe. Uncomfortable spot for Hanson. 30 to go. Corbe a little high here. Yeah, he's got that gift wrap. He's going to try to turn this into a forward arm lock, but Hanson's really He may be taking him backwards. There he goes. He's really leaning back. It's a Hail Mary foot lock, but not going to happen. Got to credit Max Hanson for attempting it right at the end. Yeah, and I I think he's had a nice start to the match and was doing what he needed to do, I think. Um but I just I was I just could not handle that for the entire time. The the pressure of Corbe just a little too much. He's keeping his legs in good position. And when you think about, right, progressing into this championship setting, DeAndre Corbe certainly not digging too deep into the gas tank, right? He's still pretty fresh. Yeah, I mean, he he just did a great job of especially in that last [music] the latter two-thirds of the match of staying in really good position and creating a lot of consistent, steady pressure. Nothing fast, [music] just consistent. And here we see Hanson really on a very, very tight heel. Look at Look at that. That's pretty tight. He's got a great entry. And then it sort of the then it's Corbe just started to take over once he got started getting [music] consistently in front of the knees, just started taking over. It's a turtle position. Recovered well, [music] a near back take, but and eventually passed the guard was able to start to mount mount an offense and [music] then get mounted and Yeah, Hanson just started to wear down there. And now, yep, Corbe mounts. Little kata gatame attempt, but Yeah, just just a great latter two-thirds of that match, but A controlling display to make DeAndre Corbe's spot in the finals official, we take it to Alex Wenley. And now, moving on to the finals of the lightweight Grand Prix. Winning by unanimous decision, DeAndre Corbe.