Kind: captions Language: en We have Polaris 36 going down. What day specifically is this? March 7th. Yes, Saturday. March 7th. I think it should start &gt;&gt; 8:30 a.m. Central time. 8:30 a.m. Central time. Uh going down from Cudden, uh which is in London. &gt;&gt; Uh yeah, three times. &gt;&gt; You got you got like a London accent in your bag or a British accent. &gt;&gt; Not one that I want to put out there for everybody. Uh &gt;&gt; not one to live in infamy on the internet forever. Uh, and I've done some stupid stuff on this show, so that should really tell you what territory we're walking through right now. Uh, three title fights. Uh, Kendall Rusing versus Annabelle, Giani versus Owen, and Shyana, who won a qualifier bracket, is going to take on Ethan Krellston. Uh, solid mix of super matches. There's no squads event this time. This one's more like a WO straight up super fight show. &gt;&gt; Super Fight show. Uh, and got to be some awesome action, man. There's a reason that Polaris has the reputation of being the best superfight show in the UK, in Europe. Uh, and it's because they put on awesome events every single time. If you tune in this weekend, you're going to have an awesome time. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it should be a sick show. Um, I guess just to go into like the the main event, right? Cuz the way they did this main event, it's Ethan Krellson, the current belt holder. Uh, what do you know what weight it is? &gt;&gt; 155. &gt;&gt; 155. Okay. So, lightweight title. Ethan Krellston, who I think has had pretty good success on Polaris. Like, I think he's been pretty dominant. &gt;&gt; I think so, too. East crushed Polaris. I think he's been a really long reigning champion for them. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And so Shay Garana won a contenders bracket to earn his shot to take on Ethan Krellson at this event, which is is a pretty cool way to do it. You know, it's like we did this with W30 to get into the uh the bracket that we were holding, the absolute bracket. And so now did it this way, which I think is pretty sick. You know, giving someone like a bid like that where they earn their shot is cool. Um, I think Ethan Krellinston got to be the favorite for this for sure. &gt;&gt; Pretty hefty favorite still. Yeah, 100%. &gt;&gt; Um, I'm definitely excited. I don't know if I've like has Ethan competed much since &gt;&gt; that's the CJI. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah, I didn't think so. So, it's always cool whenever Ethan's competing. Definitely excited to watch him and, you know, just excited to see like kind of what type of stuff he's doing now. It's like anytime these guys who are kind of at this upper echelon of the sport haven't competed in a while, I'm always just curious like are they just going to go back to the stuff we know they can do that they're pretty dominant with? Is has Ethan been working on certain things that he's going to showcase? You know, it's like there's a lot of potential for like cool new technique to emerge from these situations, which I kind of think maybe could happen in this match. &gt;&gt; 100%. Ethan, one of the most prolific uh hunters of the back, finishers from the back that we have in the sport. uh simple man martial arts his own. Ethan Krellinston uh always so impressive to watch, always somebody who's been able to pick up ton of big wins. Uh uh I people need to understand Shay is very good. Sheay's had a lot of success. Sheay was very successful. For example, uh European trials where he made it all the way to the quarterfinals before he lost a very narrow decision to Nico who would go on to win the whole thing. I I believe that uh based off of everything that was Nico's closest match. So, uh, Shay was definitely one of the best guys in that bracket. Now he walks into here, ton of momentum, was able to beat most of the guys in that qualifier bracket by submission. He is a really underrated Belgian guy. Uh, only a brown belt, still coming up in the world. So, still improving a lot training under Whim Deputter. Uh, people might not be that familiar with Whim, but Whim has some, uh, crazy training methods and technological insights, technique insights, uh, out there. Uh I know that he had a bunch of people doing really well at this last trials as well, including this Estonian woman whose name I forget off the top of my head, Lisi Vat, who placed uh third. Uh so definitely a gym that's coming up in the world. Excited to see how he can do. Going to be a fun one. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And so we have a few kind of big matches to I guess talk through, but one that I want to talk about just cuz this is a personal interest match. This is this is one where I like both guys. I think both guys are super sick to watch and I think they both do cool stuff. But it's PJ Bar against Shane Fishman. So Shane Fishman is a Canadian grappler, but I think he spends a lot of time in Europe. Uh I've seen him at London Grapple before and stuff, but he specifically is the the move the fishnet is named after Shane Fishman. And I love the fishnet. I'm always trying to play fishnet in uh in training. It's not always the easiest thing to get into. It's kind of like a It's like a lock down where then you like get the leg across your body and you're just kind of like it's almost like if you get into the fishnet, it's pretty much a guaranteed sweep. &gt;&gt; Got to sweep. &gt;&gt; But Shane can do a lot of really cool stuff from the fishnet. He can take the back off of it using the way I've watched some of his videos before. He uses like a lapel grip in the ghee to get into the fishnet and then he's able to like kind of like block off one side where they can't turn back into you using a lapel grip and then he takes the back from there. And I just think it's a super sick thing to do in training. I love whenever I'm getting close to a fishnet, giving my opponent a fishnet warning. I go ahead and let them know. It's like, "Hey, I'm closing in on the fishnet. There's a fishnet warning." And then you kind of escalate the threat level, you know, and it's like, "All right, fishnet imminent. The fishnet is imminent." And then boom, fishnet engage, full warning system, and then you sweep them. That's a little That's a little fun little thing I like to do. But I love watching Shane. Uh I think his technique is super cool. And then PJ Bartch. Everybody knows how sick PJ Bart is. &gt;&gt; Everybody loves PJ. Uh, I know PJ got uh uh, you know, clowned on a little bit recently for entering that ACC Open, but I mean, everybody still knows PJ's one of the best in the world. He's there kind of messing around. Got caught in a uh, in a little shootout being playful. Being a little playful guy. Uh, this is a &gt;&gt; The P and PJ stands for playful. &gt;&gt; There you go. Uh, this one not going to be such a playful guy. Uh, coming in. Uh, you know, always super professional, always super prepared, and I think that we're probably going to see one of the best versions of him, right? PJ's a guy who I'm always excited to see a little bit more often. I'm excited to see the technical innovations that he does. Super CLA focused uh at this point. Uh love watching PJ fight, right? And I think Shane with a different kind of guard for for PJ to play around with. Uh these guys are going to bring out the best in each other. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think for me this one if on the slobbernocker scale might be the it might be tipping the the scales for me a little bit on. I think this one's a a potential slobber knocker. I think this match could be cool. I don't know if it's going to be &gt;&gt; This one has us drooling. Yeah, I don't know if it's going to be it might not be like the craziest like Andrew Takutoo dudes are flying around and dynamic and stuff, but I just think it's going to like we're going to see some really cool jiu-jitsu between Shane and PJ. So, I'm excited for that one. Um &gt;&gt; I would love to see what would happen if PJ ended up in a fishnet because &gt;&gt; I know that's that's what like I guess excites me about it where it's like I do think PJ's going to have something for it, you know, whether it's like somehow some crazy counter leg lock or some like wild thing like I feel like he could. That's why it kind of excites me, you know. &gt;&gt; I agree. If anybody does, it's probably PJ, right? You know, he's working with a bunch of really intelligent coaches. He's a really intelligent coach. Uh if he's able to if if it's out there to be figured it out, uh to be figured out, uh I think PJ is one of the guys to do it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. All right. And another big match, Owen Jones versus Giani Grippo. Now, we know how one commenter feels about this. He's going to comment four times and he's going to say various accounts &gt;&gt; from he's going to say the same thing pretty much each time. Um, how do you feel about this match? &gt;&gt; I actually am pretty excited about this match. Uh, both these guys are such quality opponents. Uh, I feel like they've chirped at each others before and uh, we've Were we supposed to have this match on WNO? &gt;&gt; Yeah, this was this is a match that's been supposed to happen a a couple times at least and it's always ended up escaping. Like I think it was Owen who couldn't make it the last &gt;&gt; visa issues were an issue, right? &gt;&gt; Something like that. &gt;&gt; Uh, and so uh, finally able to make this happen on Owen's home turf. It's a a home game for Owen Jones, it looks like, uh, back there in the UK. Not Atlanta. Uh, not at Magic City. Not a Magic City uh, special for Owen Jones. Uh, he is, uh, &gt;&gt; the true home game. &gt;&gt; The true home game. Yeah. If you want him to get any power up bonus anywhere, [laughter] put it in the uh, the the parking lot of Magic City. Uh, yeah. Owen is great submission hunter, great guard, great when he catches onto things. Giani maybe a little bit more of a positional game. Kind of tries to pressure his way through the guard with some of the more uh intricate NOI type passing that I feel like you see. His leg drags and his smashes are really really powerful. Just saw him place at the World Championships at the black belt level. That was super impressive. This might be Owen's black belt debut match by the way. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah, because he got his black belt finally. Yeah. &gt;&gt; So there you go. Black belt uh debut here for Owen Jones. &gt;&gt; Gonna be excited to see that one. know the crowd's gonna be going nuts for it both ways. Know the comment section is going to be going nuts in at least one very specific way and uh yeah, let's let's see how these guys shape up on uh on Saturday. It's a 50-50 match. There's people are trying to tell you they know how this match is going to play out. They're lying. They're lying. &gt;&gt; Don't believe them, dude. Trust no one. Um then another [clears throat] big match, Kendall Rusing versus Annabelle Lopez Beard. This is for the open title. Really? &gt;&gt; I'm really excited. &gt;&gt; What gets you amped up about it? &gt;&gt; I think this match it gets me I'm very excited to see how Annabelle does specifically because I feel like Annabelle has been very impressive, but I feel like she's been very impressive without facing like a top three, top four type of opponent. Somebody who's been able to win a black belt world title like Kendall. Somebody who's been able to place at the ADCC World Championships like Kendall has been able to do. I think that uh this is also a chance for Kendall to reestablish she is one of the best in the world, right? She's somebody who takes uh long stretches of time off. Uh you know, sometimes that's uh injury related and that's always very unfortunate. Sometimes it's uh her just picking her spots. That's okay. That's understandable. But I always get the feeling that she's just right around the best in the world, but is never able to finally put her herself over that and stamp it that she is the dominant number one force. She's always just kind of stuck in that uh uh uh pecking order up there where it's a little bit uh hard to tell. I think whoever wins is going to make an enormous statement, especially an enormous statement right before ADCC. I think whoever wins this match, I think, is announcing that they're going to be a huge factor and a uh one of the favorites at ADCC. If Annabelle can win this, she can win ADCC. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And so this is Kindle's return match since 2024, right? I don't think she compete at all in 2024. She did NOI Worlds, I think, in 2024 as well, but I don't think she competed in 2025. &gt;&gt; Uh, and uh, uh, or no, she she was supposed to do NOGI Worlds, but then she didn't. She might have done NOGI Worlds in 2023. &gt;&gt; Something like that. Uh, yeah, but it's been a long time off. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, I'm pretty sure. And it's like, do you know from that that video Michelle did, she didn't compete at all in 2025? Yeah. So, she was away from competition all of 25, which is obviously a huge deal for a competitor. Like you said, kind of it's like could be different reasons, you know. I think also Kendall just like leans in. She'd been leaning into a lot of the media stuff as well. &gt;&gt; That's what it is. I think it's a lot more it's like her just picking her spot. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Just kind of like establishing herself more as like a media presence as well, doing commentary, a lot of stuff like that. But you you have to assume that she's probably pretty amped up wanting to make a big statement in her return back. But she has a pretty game opponent in Annabelle here. Um another uh big match is Sarah Galva versus Libby Ginge, right in the bantamweight division. These are all Nogi, by the way. I don't know if we are all Noi matches. Yeah, we do not know 100% how to say Libbyy's last name. I I'm guessing that you also are not 100% sure. No, I'm not. Uh so yeah, it's Libby versus Sarah. Libby uh actually got uh world ranked there for a second at 135 pounds. She had a great uh Nogi pans, I think it might have been or or Nogi Euros where she beat some really tough people. Uh and she is definitely one of the better noi upandcomers in the UK. And what do you have when you what do you do when you have one of the best nogi upandcomers on the continent? Put him against one of the best in the world. Let's see what happens. Right. Honestly, uh and Sarah has signed a Polaris contract. I believe this is her first time on Polaris. Uh we've already talked about how she's one of the shining stars of the sport right now. It's always so impressive to see her out there. Uh and this is going to be a chance to see her in a new context, a new little format in the UK. Excited to see this her and Libby &gt;&gt; definitely. And then the final super fight on the main card is going to see Ross Nichols and Sam Gibson's. A couple OGs in the UK scene. Ross Nichols, an ADCC veteran, uh been holding it down on the UK scene for a long time. Um trains out of London Grapple. I believe Sam Gibson is out of Arma. That's the gym that Fon Davis is the uh the head coach at. Kind of that new really sick looking gym. Like it does look amazing. &gt;&gt; Looks like an equinox for jiu-jitsu, you know, like super sick looking. But so I think that's a pretty cool couple OG UK guys throwing it down. But overall, I think it's going to be a sick card. You know, like I said, March 7th, &gt;&gt; big prelim card available uh live excl live on YouTube as well. &gt;&gt; Mhm. David Cartrite's competing on the uh the prelim. That's uh Owens coach who gave him his black belt. So I'm kind of that's one of my my prelim ones I've I've marked. I'm excited to watch to see David Cartrite compete on there. Um but yeah, March 7th, it starts at 8:30 Central time, right? Is what it was. 8:30, which if you ask me, that's a great time for a jiu-jitsu card. I love waking up like on a Saturday morning and just immediately knowing that I can just turn on Flow Grappling and start watching some jiu-jitsu right away. &gt;&gt; It's like being a little kid with your cartoons. &gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. Yeah, this is adult jiu-jitsu guy cartoons. Saturday morning cartoons. Just get you a little coffee, you know, freaking whatever supplements you like to enjoy with your coffee and then start watching some jiu-jitsu on Flow Grappling, you know? I like creatine, but whatever you boys are taking. You know what I'm saying? Wink wink.