Kind: captions Language: en 15 minutes of action to determine who will meet Deondre Corbe in our WNO lightweight championship Grand Prix finals. Dorian Oliveras in the red, Julian Espinosa in the blue. Now Shawn, when we talk about the strategies and tactics that both athletes need to do in order to win here, what would be the best approach for both sides? Yeah, I mean it's so Dorian is going to be just non-stop and see this guy is just literally going to put a lot of consistent high-paced speed into into this contest and Espinosa is going to need to try to catch that and and try to either slow him down which is very difficult or catch him overextending. Oliveras has got Espinosa reacting to some of these efforts. Oliveras' father, Michael Oliveras, had a huge impact on his training in his youth and really oriented his own life about forming and guiding Dorian into becoming the best he could possibly be. We've become familiar with Dorian because of that world Ryan and John Danaher background, but those bones were built and calibrated through his father's Mike's insights. Yeah, it's just a tremendous grappling background this Dorian has and in what we'll most likely see is where he shines is that he's got these submissions that tend to make people move and wear people down and then once they're worn down he gets the back. He's got a lot of victories lately by rear naked strangle and that typically comes just based on all of this movement wearing down and then he's gets into the great back take so Julian Espinosa momentarily introduced himself to our broadcast table. Yeah. Yeah, it's and Espinosa what what is you know, he's a dangerous guy. He he has great submissions, can find them almost out of nowhere, isn't afraid to do flying attacks, he's got a great leg lock game so he's got to find way to open that entire game up and not try to clash, you know, sort of speed with speed. He's got to find a place that there's a there's an arm extended or there's, you know, there's a flying opportunity or there's a neck open. And that effort becomes more and more difficult when Dorian keeps chopping away at your gas tank with this pace. Yeah. And you know, really to get your guard passed not a big deal if you can get back, right? It's not that big of a deal if you can get [applause] back in get your legs back underneath you. Sometimes it might be worth having a position losing a position. There's a nice leg entries. That's what I'm saying. He's got a nice leg entry here. It's pretty deep, pretty sticky. Let's see if Now he's loosening it now. He held he might have held onto that a little long rather than trying to come up off that, but but that's what I mean, you know, seen in history before where if you fight a position too long it makes you tired, but like that's just a guard pass. If you can get back in with leg pass, well, hey, that was a nice way he entered on the legs. Might be a tactic that he plays. Julian Espinosa, 104 wins per our stats. 74 subs, 29 of those inside heel hooks, 15 straight ankle locks. Big takedown! What a blasting shot from Dorian Oliveras! And those are the high impact moves that Espinosa is just going to have to deal with for the next 12 minutes and 10 seconds. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's most likely keep coming, you know, that's you can't really count on him being getting tired doing that cuz he just does it the entire match so It's a nice he has a nice little cross hand guard pass Dorian does. You know, into the north south. Looking to mount here it looks like he's going to pass the legs and go back up to the north south, yep. Gets the legs in. He's got a little little wrap of the leg, but really couldn't get his legs any anywhere near an entry here. Just a deeply urgent start in the first 4 minutes from Dorian Oliveras who boasts 34 wins per our stats, 22 subs. Only a singular defeat. That was at ADCC in 2024. Nice knee cut. It's cross side position. Then he slides through or if he's going to go north south. Espinosa needs to get those arms inside especially that left arm. That left arm is the key to getting out of this pin. Now we're mounted. Here comes the arm. So you walk the arms up and he does have some wins by kata gatame yet. If you're Espinosa, what is the chess move to make in this spot? So having that forearm across the waist, bridging up, get get getting the arm off the shoulder, that doesn't do anything except for delay the inevitable. Look at the the arm across there you go. He's getting that's it. Exactly. Now now you can't stop here. That's the problem. Like you you have to get your that knee down with the right arm. The right arm was now up &gt;&gt; Judges favor. Red. He needs to get to his hip does Espinosa. Like he's got to get back to that hip. That's a nice little clear clear the legs, nice. He's up. He's up in the turtle position again. Not the most fun position to be when someone puts a lot of forward pressure is that turtle position and we're going to get the hook. An exhausting pace that Dorian Oliveras is applying to Julian Espinosa. Each position just getting better and better for Dorian as this match continues. Yeah, and that's what he does. He's he uses his movement, gets the opportunity, takes the back and then puts you away with that strangle when when you get you know, he just feels that opponent just gets too tired. Espinosa needs to get the cross hand on the wrist and then put that shoehorn in on that near side. 9:15 on the clock. Oh, that was nice. He just pulled the head up, he's got a arm in. Espinosa really stopping his defense. Last line of defense here for Espinosa. He's got to get those hands back in and start bridging up. It's it's getting closer. Yeah, put your hands up. You might need I may I don't know if he's just going to tap here or Dorian's dad, Mike. Got to look up to the ceiling does Espinosa. If he can get to the look up to the ceiling get his back on the ground and he'll get out of that. Now he got it. &gt;&gt; [cheering and applause] &gt;&gt; Can't can't really get out of that strangle. Could not get his back on the floor far enough. Can't fly out of that. An otherworldly pace from Dorian Oliveras lacerates Julian Espinosa in Dorian's just very strong form submission to force himself into our finals later tonight. Yeah, he looked great. I mean Okay, it's just that non-stop movement can put people down, move around the legs, and then take the back. We'll see a replay here. Nice little space he created, took a shot underneath. He almost went out of bounds. Again here it comes again. He backs up and then takes that shot as Espinosa is moving forward. It's too high. And then eventually worked himself to uh pass the guard, taking the back there. Espinosa didn't have that forearm across the waist. Able to clear the hooks was Espinosa, but it was pretty much over and then you can see Espinosa just couldn't get to the ceiling. You see how he's trying to look at the ceiling? That palm to palm grip all the way behind the back. He just could not turn and get his gaze to the ceiling to slide out of that. Just an unreal amount of torque that Dorian Oliveras supplied to get his way into a showdown with Deondre Corbe for the WNO lightweight championship. To make that victory official, we take it to Alex Wengleine. And now moving on to the finals of the lightweight Grand Prix, victory by submission, Dorian Oliveras! [cheering] &gt;&gt; [applause] &gt;&gt; Oliveras busting the lip of Espinosa.