Kind: captions Language: en here with Dorian Oliver right after training at Kingsway Jiu-Jitsu. Dorian, how you feeling this morning? &gt;&gt; Um, I'm feeling really good. Just got uh first session of the day and uh yeah, I felt felt good. Got to uh work a little bit more on some things that I've been trying to really focus on and it got a lot of good reps and yeah, &gt;&gt; you said this is your first session of the day. How many sessions are you expecting to have here today? &gt;&gt; Um, today two. Normally I do three. I'll do like a cardio session in the morning, but since this morning we were traveling to Austin, uh I wasn't able to do that first uh cardio session before. Um I might do a cardio session later. Uh probably will after the the second session here in a couple hours. &gt;&gt; Awesome. Tell me about the vibe here lately at Kingsway. I feel like, you know, the academy is doing well. People are, you know, things are things are really kind of clicking. Tell me how you feel things are going here Kingsway currently. &gt;&gt; I feel like I feel like everything is going uh really well. Um, most of my training is done back home in Houston with my dad running those trainings. Uh, usually like when I'm uh getting ready during a camps, I uh I spend three or uh usually three days here in Austin and then the rest of the week back home. And I feel like it's a good mix of training, but um but yeah, the time that I I do spend here is is is awesome. I get a good vibe from everybody. &gt;&gt; Awesome. I know that you know you had an incredible performance at ADCC Trials. that was really the last place that we saw you was at Trials. Uh how have things been since then knowing you have your ticket punch, knowing you're going to ADC? Uh uh you know, just tell me about how these last few weeks since trials have been. Have you been doing &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um I feel like after trials, I I uh I learned a lot from watching back some of those uh some of those matches. I also competed uh in the UFC BJ after that. I had a a good match against um Samuel N the guy and I I learned a lot from that match, too. So, I'm feeling feeling really good for the this uh this tournament and um yeah, I'm excited. &gt;&gt; Awesome, man. Let's look back at your trials performance. It was almost all subs. You were, you know, do you feel like you were able to show a new side of yourself out there and and something that people maybe hadn't seen from your game before? &gt;&gt; Um yeah, I felt like um I I felt like I I could have maybe been a little more aggressive. Um, especially if you compare that to like CGI. I was a little bit more aggressive in CGI, but I still felt like I I showed a uh a lot of my game. It was a lot more matches, too, so I could show more of my my stuff, but um yeah, I felt like I was able to show show some of my my game pretty well. &gt;&gt; I know that you were showing a few more submissions, for example, your arm bars. I felt like you were really sending some of those arm bar attempts uh and you were just a lot looser with that. What's the mentality around that? Yeah. So, I don't normally hit a lot of arm bars. Uh, in the weeks leading up to that, I was working on arm bars like in the training room and I I tried uh an arm bar like my my second match. It didn't end up working well, but um it's something that I I need need to work on a little bit more before I try to hit it in competition. &gt;&gt; There you go. I know. Uh you know, that was an awesome performance. People are always clamoring to see you someplace. We're going to see you coming up. Everybody's really excited about this WO bracket. Let's first talk about being a champion. You've won a lot of stuff, wrestling, jiu-jitsu. Uh how important and how much of a motivating factor is it for you to like go get one of these big promotional championship belts? &gt;&gt; Um I feel like it's a big motivation. I feel like having a belt and and being um like a part of an organization is big for for my brand. It's feel like it's it's something that's uh it's it's good for me and um I I'm really looking forward to getting that belt. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Do you feel like So So would you say that, you know, being able to come in here and do this, this is going to be one of the biggest accomplishments of your career if you're able to do it? &gt;&gt; Um I I think so. I say it's one one of the biggest. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; There you go, man. Uh let's talk about some of the opponents that you're going to have in there. I think the one that comes to mind first for me is going to be DeAndre. Uh tell me a little bit about your thoughts about DeAndre as an opponent. What makes him a little different? What makes him dangerous? Uh this is a, you know, a guy who's ranked in the pound-for-pound. There's a guy who's been ranked number one in the world. What are your thoughts on DeAndre as an opponent? &gt;&gt; Um to be honest, I feel like my my style is works really well against his style. Um, and like I I feel like it doesn't really make a difference who it is if it's, you know, any any of the other guys. Um, I I just feel like my style is designed to work against any kind of style. &gt;&gt; You're always the hammer, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; There you go. Uh, he does this ecological stuff. Have you ever have you heard about this ecological stuff? What's your opinion on all that? &gt;&gt; Um, I feel like you need need both. I think you need some some drilling and then also uh games or or uh task based, you know, uh activities. I do a lot of that back home. Uh we'll do a lot of like uh wrestling games. Um like some where uh I'm looking to get to specific kind of ties, clearing those and my my opponent's looking to get to certain ties and uh very very specific things like like that. And um yeah, I feel like I feel like having the the ecological and then also drilling is a good good thing to have. &gt;&gt; So, you play a lot of wrestling games, I know, back uh at at home, you've been training for years and years with your dad. Uh could you give an example of like one of these wrestling games that you feel like might be beneficial for for people if they wanted to level up their jiu-jitsu wrestling? Like what's a game that they could play? Um something that uh that I do a lot, it's actually like a um defensive game kind of where my opponent is taking me down and then I'm looking to either sweep uh or immediately reverse the position. Um games like that I feel like are are really uh important for me. Um because I think it's important for me to have confidence [music] in being able to stand back up especially since my game is so wrestling focused. So, that's an interesting thing you talked about because we've seen very rarely has somebody been able to put you down, but you're working all the time on being able to get back up. Do you feel like people are able to hold you down if they get you down? &gt;&gt; No, I feel like I work so much on being able to either sweep uh reverse as I'm getting taken down or just standing up a lot that is it's very hard for people to to get me down or hold me down. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Awesome. And then obviously that's done with MMA eventually in mind not being able to be held down such a big thing there too, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, since I was about six or maybe even a little bit younger, I wanted to do MMA. And so, my dad decided to put me in wrestling and and since then, yeah, I was just just yeah, training, getting better with MMA in mind. Um, I actually around 13 is when I started doing jiu-jitsu. And we didn't really expect to be doing jiu-jitsu this long. We just kind of thought, okay, I'd build up my jiu-jitsu a little bit and then we'd start working on MMA. But I ended up getting better than we thought I would get. So, there was just so many opportunities. We kept on trying to like chase higher and higher goals and then now we're here and I'm just keep on getting better. &gt;&gt; Chasing higher and higher goals. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Uh this is such a a big bracket. It's got a lot of contenders. One other contender I want to talk about, we'll get to everybody, right? But I want to talk about Max Hansen. Max Hansen is a guy who's won some major tournaments at black belt. uh been ranked in the top 10, takes tons of matches, right? This guy has 200 matches a year sometimes. &gt;&gt; Uh what's it like facing somebody who has so much experience and stays so active? Do you feel like there's a difference when you see these kind of people? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I feel like to be honest, I I probably have more competition experience than him just because I've been wrestling since I was so young and in wrestling you compete I I would compete a lot. I would be sometimes double entered in in tournaments. I'd be competing like every other weekend, so I'm used to to competing a lot. Um I feel like even if he does have a lot of competition experience, um I feel like it doesn't really make a difference. Yeah. Um I feel like his his game is basically would just make it easier for me cuz he usually pulls right away. Um so I would just wear him down and then eventually pass and submit. &gt;&gt; Max is promising uh the best version of him is coming to WNO. What do you think about that? &gt;&gt; Doesn't really I don't really care. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Good. Uh, next guy I want to talk about is going to be in the bracket. Uh, Julian Espinosa, right? Uh, Wo veteran guy who's been competing and winning at the highest levels. Uh, somebody that you have experience with. Can you tell me a little bit about your experience with Julian as an opponent? Yeah. So, I faced Julian um the first day of the East Coast Trout and um I I was able to finish him pretty quickly, but um I feel like I could tell he had a very specific game plan. Um like right away he was trying really hard to grab a hold of me and try to like pull me into some kind of guard. So, I'm I'm focused on uh I'm I'm thinking about what adjustments [clears throat] he might make. Uh, and I think it it'd be a good match uh to see like how he's he's improved and what he's uh changed in preparation for this match. &gt;&gt; Feels like Julian is one of those guys in the division who uh is willing to exchange takedowns with you and willing to wrestle with you, right? Cuz like you said, plenty of guys are just going to pull. &gt;&gt; Uh, you know, talk to me about, you know, your thoughts on getting into some kind of takedown battle with Julian or with any of these guys, right? Because DeAndre also a very good wrestler. Um, I do I do think he probably might try to wrestle with me again. Um, in our match at East Coast Charles, he did try to wrestle with me. Um, and I took him down. Uh, but I I was able to hold him down and then eventually get to his back. So, he might might try to wrestle with me, but I I I'm more than prepared to to wrestle with him. Yeah, &gt;&gt; there's I obviously more and more people are starting to understand your style, but there still are a lot of people who think of you as the wrestler. &gt;&gt; Uh uh now that you're finishing more people and getting more submissions, looking for more submissions. Do you feel like that's important for you to be able to kind of break that stereotype and show people you're a true hybrid athlete? &gt;&gt; Um yeah. Yeah. I feel like um obviously I I I'm very wrestle heavy, but I feel like wrestling is such a big part of my game. It's always going to be a big part of my game, especially because I want to uh eventually be doing MMA. Um I I feel like the the the submissions will will will come. I'm not it's not something that I'm looking to force because I feel like if I force a submission, I I might end up like losing a bad position. So, I just uh like to focus on keeping good position uh and and wearing down on my opponents before I I submit. &gt;&gt; Talk to me about that. So, so you're trying to to spend a lot of time exhausting them before even So, even if you see an early submission opportunity, that might not be what you take or or &gt;&gt; um if it's there, yeah, sure, I'll take it. Um but it's not something I'm I'm going to be chasing. It's something that I'm going to um kind of like uh like an example would be Gordon, how he usually doesn't submit people right away. He usually will look to wear them down, get some mounts, wear on their arms, eventually take their back or or their arm, something like that, except my style is different, just similar format uh where we're both looking to wear down our opponents before we submit. &gt;&gt; There you go. Obviously, uh you know, you have big goals in 2026 and beyond. A big match. If you were to win this belt, a big match that could happen would be you and Diego P, right? He's going to be watching to see who wins this bracket. There's going to be WOs's later in the year. &gt;&gt; Uh uh what are your thoughts on potentially facing Diego Pau later on [clears throat] holding the belt that he used to hold? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think um I think that'd be a really good match. Um, I feel like matches like that, guard player versus guard passer are are really entertaining usually, especially when the guy like Diego Po is always looking to uh attack. If it's a guy who's who plays guard and is just looking to recover, that can be a boring match. But um, I feel like usually Diego's uh, looking to attack and then I'm always trying to pass. So, I feel like it's going to be a match with a lot of action. &gt;&gt; He's ranked in very highly in the pound-for-pound. uh if you were to beat him, you would be ranked very very highly in the pound-for-pound. Uh is that something you think about? Is that a motivating factor at all or just let it happen? &gt;&gt; It's not really something I I I think about too much. Um I I would like to be ranked pound-for-pound because I I truly believe that I am one of the best pound-for-pound and um so yeah, it would it would be nice to uh be on that pound-for-pound ranking and and eventually maybe hopefully that that number one pound-for-pound. Yeah, &gt;&gt; there you go. Uh obviously a place where uh you're going to be able to prove a lot later this year is ADCC in Poland. &gt;&gt; Uh first thoughts, have you ever been to Poland? What are your thoughts on Poland? Do you have any like any any thoughts? &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, I've never been to Poland. Um but I I think it'd be a really interesting experience. Um yeah, Poland. That's really really interesting place to to have it. But um yeah, I guess I guess we'll see what that's like. &gt;&gt; Jiu-jitsu will take you to crazy places, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Uh the guy who is been on he has been on top of this division. He won in 2022. He won in 2024. Baby Shark Diego Hayes. &gt;&gt; Uh people say that these guys 66 can't take him down. Can't hold him down. What do you say to that? &gt;&gt; Um I just don't think there's ever been a wrestler at 66 like me. Um I feel like I I probably have the best wrestling from 88 and below. um or yeah, I feel like I'm one of the best wrestlers in in uh jiu-jitsu right now. And um I feel like I feel like my wrestling is is one thing and also my ability to hold people down is is uh is pretty good, too. So, um yeah, I feel like it's that's another great matchup that I think a lot of fans would like to see. Um and yeah, I'm really looking forward to that one. And then also, too, I'd be making history. Uh first ever American 66 uh winner. all the the champions in the past have been Brazil Brazilian. So, uh it'd be a great opportunity to make history. &gt;&gt; Is that something that really motivates you representing America at the highest levels of the sport? &gt;&gt; Um I think just making history in general. Um last time I was at ADCC, I wanted to make history by being the youngest. Um that end that didn't end up happening, but now I have uh uh you know another opportunity to still make history. So, it's it's good. I'm looking forward to it. &gt;&gt; There you go. uh last ADC like you mentioned weren't able to make that history. Uh what kind of lessons do you feel like you took from that experience that are benefiting you now as now people are seeing you you know become one of these top three contenders ready to challenge for the belt? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So the last ADCC I um it's it's kind of hard to say what lessons I had. Um nothing against my opponent. He's very skilled opponent, but um I ended up having an adrenaline dump and I feel like that uh affected me a lot. I wasn't able to move and do the things that I wanted to do. Um I had it like the first like 2 minutes basically. And um so that made it like extremely difficult for me throughout the match. But um I feel like I feel like I'm I'm more mature. I'm more prepared and just way better than I was uh then. And uh I think it's it's gonna be uh my year. So I'm looking forward to it. &gt;&gt; 2026 Dorian Olivivera as ADCC champion. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah, for sure. Maybe maybe absolute too. I I I would like to do the absolute. And uh I don't think there's ever been a 66 absolute champion. So that would be that would be awesome. &gt;&gt; If anybody's going to do it, it's it's probably me. So [laughter] &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; would be pretty incredible, man. Uh You know, I I I know that, you know, we we we talk a lot about your workouts and your pace and all these things, your physical preparation, how aggressive and impressive you are out there. &gt;&gt; How much time would you say you spend in a day, in a week, &gt;&gt; working on recovery and working on, &gt;&gt; you know, making sure that your body is able to do these things, right? Cuz people don't see that part, right? Cuz like the 6 a.m. runs and all that, grinding your body down. Talk to me about building your body back up to be ready to work out again. Yeah. So, um I do mobility or stretching every day. Um usually after I do my morning cardio, I'll do some some mobility. Um at nights, I I'll do a lot of sauna, hot baths. I feel like, uh recovery is extremely important. Um so yeah, I focus a lot on that. And then uh also like sometimes I'll do cold plunges and stuff like that. But I feel like uh it's like I said, it's a big thing uh being able to recover properly. &gt;&gt; Uh Dorian, thank you so much for your time. Obviously, we can't wait to have you at WNO taking on some of the best in the world in this 155 lb bracket. Uh before we get out of here, is there anything else on your mind? Anything else that you want to say? Um no, I'm I'm I'm I'm really excited for this uh upcoming Who's Number One? And uh I can't wait.