Kind: captions Language: en All right, we got a stack show for you guys today. We're bringing on Greg Sers and Gavin Corby. We're going to talk a little bit about ecological, some other stuff, and then Wo32, of course. But before we get into that, I just wanted to tell you guys that this show is brought to you by Merrick Health, helping athletes optimize hormones, improve recovery, and maximize performance through precision lab testing and expert medical oversight. Before you guys know it, I might be just jacked out of my mind. And if that happens, you'll know it was with the help of Merrick. So, let's go ahead and get right into the episode. What's up, everybody? Welcome back to the Flow Grappling Show, aka the worst show on the internet. We got a very special episode this time. I ditched Joe and Reed. I said, "Listen, I've always been looking for a better option. You know what I mean? I've been shopping around trying to figure out who would come on here, who could liven this thing up, and I said, who better than Greg Sers and Gavin Corby?" So, thanks for coming on, boys. I give it up to you. You know, you normally we clap for our guests. It's a little weird that it's just me, so you know, just me clapping for you guys, but &gt;&gt; join in. &gt;&gt; We both clap for Gav &gt;&gt; 100%. Yeah, let's clap for Gav real quick. There we go, Gav. But yeah, I'm excited to have you guys on. You know, obviously you guys have been doing great things in the jiu-jitsu world. Kind of in some ways taking the jiu-jitsu world by storm, you know. Um whether it be like the ecological approach and kind of like making that more prominent. I feel like everyone is now pretty hip to ecological, but I feel like, you know, there's still some mystery around it. Still some things maybe people are getting wrong and stuff. So, I want to dive into that. Gav, I want to talk to you about, you know, the athletic side of things, your career, your come up and all that. Get into some skateboarding as well. But I guess first question I want to ask you, uh, Greg, if I'm looking to get as good at jiu-jitsu as I possibly can, as quickly as I can, how do I do that? &gt;&gt; I'm gonna use, uh, Gavin and DeAndre's phrase. they uh copyrighted grapple with intention. &gt;&gt; Okay, &gt;&gt; so uh one of the things that sits central to our philosophy at standard jiu-jitsu is intentional grappling. Um you want to do it in a live context. I mean if you want to get good at grappling, you have to grapple. But when you do, what do you focus on doing? Whatever that focus tends to be, whether it be something you do while playing the whole game or something you do while playing a small part of the game, like a situation, uh be intentional about it. And I think again, grapple alive, grapple intentionally. You're 90% of the way there. Okay. So, I got to I got to start getting intentional with it. Um, are Gavin and DeAndre intentional grapplers? I I know we got to see a little sneak peek. We came and visited Standard and Gavin wasn't there. He was he was doing the CEO business. For people who don't know, Gavin's a he's the businessman now. You know, he's like, "I'm not a businessman. I'm a businessman." That's Gavin's vibe. I'm just kidding. But, you know, DeAndre clearly was super intentional. But I'm just wondering like, you know, how intentional really are the Corby brothers and like how does that affect them in their growth and everything? &gt;&gt; Well, they're both extremely intentional people in general. That's the lifestyle they live. I mean, anything they do, they put their whole heart into it. Uh, though they are different about it, which is really interesting. When I first met DeAndre, I could tell right away that he'd really like to be coached. Tell me what to do, coach. Point me in the direction, coach. What do I have to do, coach? And, uh, in that sense, he was a little easier for me because I could be a little bit uh, like rigid in my subscription sometimes, but we vibed over that. Uh when Gavin first came over, D said, "He's not like me, coach. You got to speak to him differently." And I learned that he's also intentional, but he needs more space, right? He's a creative. He's an artistic guy. He's very implicit. So, where you can shrink the space real tight on DeAndre and he'll just get in there with effort and make it happen with all his intention. Gab needs to be himself. You know what I mean? And so, they're both deeply intentional, but uh the way they approach their intentionality is slightly different. &gt;&gt; Yeah. When we were there at Standard, um obviously you weren't there, Gavin. We missed you. You know, we wish you were there, but you were running the business. Um, but DeAndre talked about, which I thought was a funny thing. He said, you know, inside the camp of like I'm a fan of the Corby brothers, there's two divided camps. There's Gavin guys and there's DeAndre guys, you know. And I thought that was an interesting thing. And I think it's like a cool aspect of how, you know, you got two brothers who can kind of even have like segmented subfan categories and draw on different people. And it even comes through in your grappling kind of everything, your social media presence, all that, you know. And one defining thing I noticed, we DeAndre was uh we did his morning routine. The video is up on Flow now if you guys want to watch it. Day life with DeAndre and he started he had this crazy pourover setup where he was making these pourovers. He had two kettles for temperature management, all that. And he said, "Gavin is more of the espresso latte art guy." So I said, "Wow, what could lead two brothers, same upbringing, one a pourover guy, one an espresso and latte guy, you know? So, what what what's going on here with this espresso versus pourover divide between you and your brother? &gt;&gt; So, I started with pourover, right, and black coffee. &gt;&gt; Then it got to a point where I was like, I'm just lying to myself. I do not like this. &gt;&gt; I like milk. I like it sweet. You know, &gt;&gt; if it if it's not blonde like my wife, I don't like it. Right. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um &gt;&gt; Yeah. I just got into espresso cuz I like the latte art. I knew it was a skill that took some time and it's just not something you could easily pick up. So that's how I got into it. And for like a year straight, I just tried to do latte arts and uh it took like 3 months for me to get like some art on top like just some foam, not even art. And yeah, I just appreciated the process in that. So uh yeah, I just like lattes. So everywhere I go, I get a latte &gt;&gt; for sure. You know, with &gt;&gt; sugar. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. With sugar. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Dang, dude. I don't know. This might be that might be too far throwing in the sugar, but &gt;&gt; Yeah, I like the sweetness. I don't like the caffeine. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. You like, do you enjoy the caffeine as well, though? &gt;&gt; I mean, if it wasn't there, I'll still make it, you know, I'll still get coffee. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. Do you find you and your brother have like a lot of things like that, you know, where it's like obviously you have commonalities, you have sim similar traits and all of that, but you know, have you guys always kind of been a little bit on your own path, even if you're going parallel somewhere together? Uh, I don't think so. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; I had this joke with my brother that I didn't become conscious until I was 16. I I was always following him everywhere. Like, uh, jiu-jitsu is the example, wrestling is an example. Uh, he always just did it and I saw him and I was like, "All right, it's easy. He's basically cutting the path for me. I just have to follow it." Uh then around like pre-COVID when he moved away and uh yeah, he started taking jiu-jitsu a little bit more seriously. I just didn't care, right? I just want to do my own thing. Then I found jiu-jitsu. I refound jiu-jitsu with a new purpose and I felt like that is when I started living life. So, &gt;&gt; what was that? What was kind of that new purpose you found within? Uh, I thought jiu-jitsu, I wanted to do jiu-jitsu because it was fun. At first, uh, competing as a kid. I was never forced to uh, compete, but again, I was just following along. I didn't know why I competed and did all these tournaments. So, it became more of a chore. Then after a while, I was like, dang, I just don't like this. So, I actually took a break. Then when I came back, I'm like, I'm just going to do it and I'm I'm going to stop when it's not no longer fun. And that's just like the forefront of all my practice is like if it's not fun, I'm not doing it. So, &gt;&gt; Gotcha. I feel like to be honest, like watching you most recently at uh at Trials, I felt like that was a Gavin where I was just watching a guy out there living in the moment, having fun. You were hitting the the shoulder rolls, you know, kind of dancing a little bit. I was like, man, it's a swave fella out there. DeAndre is all like DeAndre is intense. He's like focused, but I was like, Gavin's got a little style to him, you know? So, it did seem like you were kind of had a little more of a fun edge. &gt;&gt; Yeah. a little cringey, but &gt;&gt; I don't think it's cringe. I think it's awesome. Bro, &gt;&gt; we always think something I learned about competition, and I I think I picked this up from Greg. Uh we're in go mode. So, whatever impulse I have uh leading up to a competition, maybe a day or that day, I just let it be. If I want like six lattes that morning, if I'm compelled to do that, I'll do it. You know, if right before the match, I want to move because there's music going on, I'll do it. Like before I used to be very internal where I'm like analy over analyzing everything I do and that really hindered me. It made it less fun, right? So yeah, that's just like at trials I was like I don't care. I'm just going to be here. I know I'm going to compete. I'm going to try to win other that's that's all that is to it. So &gt;&gt; yeah. And I like you said it's a little cringey but like I don't think so, bro. Because I think the reality is like people like to use that as a crutch now. They like to kind of throw out cringey as like you know oh it's cringey. I don't want to express myself. But like when someone does go out there and it's clear that you're kind of like expressing some part of yourself or a feeling or something you have and and doing it in an authentic way like that, that's the best stuff I think as a fan and athlete can like put on display for me is where I get to see like more of a true expression of them. So I I'll back you. Anybody who says it's cringey, dude, I'll freaking I'll roll up on that. Bothers me, man. Like internet has made irreverence cooler than trying, and I hate it, right? Like why is it cringey to try real hard and care about what you're doing? Oh, that really it's a thing now. And so, yeah, the internet has has ruined that for us. &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, if you look at like historically, a lot of the the most impressive people who are able to accomplish stuff, it's because they care very deeply about something and they're willing to kind of like let themsel dive into. &gt;&gt; There's never been a person who's accomplished something great who didn't care. Like, that's a lie. That doesn't exist. Like, people say that shit, but there's not a there's not a person you can read about in any field, even someone crazy like I was talking about earlier, Hunter S. Thompson, like even he like did some crazy shit. He cared. He he really cared about what he did. So, um yeah, that's a myth. It's not real. And it's really for him. Like something I really noticed about coaching him that I really enjoyed is watching him become himself and develop his own voice. It's very satisfying for me. Like I told him afterwards and during the trials like it was the best I've ever seen him because he was being himself just literally letting it out and that's when he operates his best, you know. So it's that's why I think you saw you saw joy, you saw fun, you saw Gavin, you know. &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, there's there's something uh there's something as like a spectator to like latch on to, you know, beyond just like, oh wow, that was another incredible Baron bolo. You know what I mean? Like it's like there's something more to it. It's like gives you something to grip onto and be like, "Okay, I can get behind this guy." You know, it's like when I'm in the mirror, I want to hit the cool shoulder rolls, you know? I want to be like Gav out there hitting Trey flips and whatnot. &gt;&gt; Well, I've been thinking about it recently and you know, I said it in the car. We were chatting earlier is like people try to separate the dance from the dancer. And I don't think you should do that. I think that's a mistake. You know, let the dancer do his dance, man. Because when those two things are bound, you get the the best type of expression. And so, uh, I appreciate people are able to do that. &gt;&gt; Definitely. And so, I kind of want to ask you a similar thing I asked Gavin about kind of this there's a lot of similarities, a lot of differences at least from the outside perspective of Gavin and DeAndre and I'm just wondering as a coach, you know, kind of do you see any of those? Do you kind of like I know you mentioned coaching him differently and all that, but what's what's kind of the big differences between these brothers? &gt;&gt; Uh just how they approach the thing they do, right? Like DeAndre really likes to dig down into every aspect of what's going to improve him. Uh Gavin likes to connect, this is going to sound kind of weird, but likes to connect with himself. He likes to be inspired by the moment. Um, and so like like for example, he'll take longer breaks. Like he'll be really dig in for a while and then he'll switch it to something else for a little bit. He likes to take that diffuse period to sort of like reset and then rehit it again. Where DeAndre is just comfortable just, you know, with the grind, so to speak. Um, the care they have for their art and the care they have for the things they dedicate themselves to is identical. It's just their process to reach that that that peak is is different, which is good. Difference is healthy. That I think it'd be weird if they were too similar. You know what I mean? I I think their differences actually highlight them and actually make them interact with each other. They give each other what the other one doesn't have. And I think they're a very balanced pair in that way. &gt;&gt; Is it hard to balance that as like a coach kind of? &gt;&gt; Only if you're trying to resist it. So one of the thing is is I don't resist the environment. I'm just a designer. So my my job is to serve the athlete, right? So if I know something about Gavin, it's very important for me that I pay attention to that. If I know something about DeAndre, it's very important for me that I pay attention to that. We don't change them. We enhance what's already there or we give the opportunity what needs to be there to come out to grow. And so, yeah, no, doesn't get in my way at all. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. I got another important espresso question for you, Gavin. Were you out here drilling latte art or did you approach it ecologically? And this this could be a defining moment right here. &gt;&gt; How I started, I saw the outcome that I wanted, right? I was inspired, you know, just brain rotting, seeing these latte arts. I'm like, dang, I think I could do this. I got a a machine for my wedding and uh I just tried it every day. And that my intention was to make it first try easy right one one shot it. Then I was like damn this is does not look anything like it. Then that started my investigation on I just watch videos and see what people said. Then I just kind of analyze it not to a tea but try to see what they're doing different than me then try to replicate it. And it was a whole long process like maybe 3 months until I got the foam to sit on top. Then it's just refining it from there, you know. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. What What level would you say you're at? Are you where you want to be yet? &gt;&gt; Maybe seven out of 10. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Six out of 10. &gt;&gt; That's pretty good. &gt;&gt; That's not maybe four out of 10. Never mind. &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; Never mind. &gt;&gt; Changing the scale here to be honest. Um, so yeah, obviously I do want to get into the ecological stuff and I want to kind of dive into it. I think to be honest, like I'm very amateur in the ecological realm. You know, I don't train necessarily ecologically. This is one thing we talked about. Uh oh, I don't already. &gt;&gt; Oh, it's okay. No, go get it. &gt;&gt; But well, I This is one thing we talked about where I see now like I I'm lucky that I get to go to a lot of different gyms and whether I'm observing or participating, you know, I get to see how a lot of different teams, a lot of athletes and coaches are kind of doing things. And I feel like one thing I see now and we talked about this is it feels like people are trying to almost take like a hybrid approach where it's like they're doing this kind of mixed traditional style of drilling and whatnot and then kind of like all right here's some games as well and so I guess just to start cuz I know you have thoughts on the whole hybrid thing like what's the foundational like this is what you need to know about ecological to then build from there like what's that foundational ecological aspect? &gt;&gt; I think it depends on how far you want to take your understanding of what that means. I think that one of the issues with any community where there's a pop culture is that they're going to bond to any like buzzword or any new thing and he's exciting and they're going to run with it, which in in essence is kind of okay cuz that's how you get inspired to try and investigate and do things like he did with with his art. But the problem comes when people stop their investigation. Oh, I already understand this because we've always been doing this. That's what I think is the big issue. And people are so eager to say they know it, to use it, to sell it, that they're not going through the process of pouring the thing until you get the foam right type shit. You know what I mean? are just saying things they don't understand. Right? So at the base of it, and I've said this a thousand times, is that an ecological approach is just a way we look at the relationship between the individual, the task, and the environment. And this relationship is there. It's embedded with each other. We can't actually separate it. We can't we can't separate the individual from the task or the environment. We have to assume they're working as a system. And so any training intervention that we use assumes that they're embedded with each other and cannot be separated. That is essentially what an ecological approach is. Again, it's this philosophical view on what we think a person does with information that's present in the interaction of their task, themselves, and the environment. And then we come up with a method, the constraints approach to enact an ecological approach to skill acquisition. And so people are just mixing buzzwords and saying things. And there's no hybrid, guys. There's no hybrid. Yeah. Like even if you're drilling, &gt;&gt; that's still ecological. You're just taking away this the the information source. You're the information source is now a static body versus the information source we need which is a resistant and unpredictable body. That's the environment you need to train in. So again, don't think about it as drilling versus not. Think about one environment has information that we coordinate to to move and the other does not. &gt;&gt; So really, even if I'm drilling, I am ecological. I'm just kind of doing it somewhat ineffectively. &gt;&gt; Well, you're not doing it. You're doing it effectively for what it's for. So you are literally learning to move against the nonresisting body. Information is you think of it as a Scott Sabbright thank you for this as having a witness and awareness to act. So as we pick up these moments to act and these these values that we align to like how much squeeze, how much angle, how much height, how much effort, we can only pick up the how much when you're resisting us. Without that resistance, how much doesn't have any value. Mhm. &gt;&gt; So, how much angle, pressure, squeeze it takes to align yourself with a non-resistant body is a completely different thing than a slightly even slightly resistant body. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. How How did you first come across like the ecological philosophy and everything? How did you first get &gt;&gt; hypom I I told I've said the story a million times. I was I was big into Anders Ericson. That's who I was reading because that's who everyone was reading. He said elite performers for 30 or 40 years and he said a bunch of stuff about them. he came up with the idea of deliberate practice which we all thought we were doing. Um and then when I opened my own school I realized there might be more to this because even in Eric Erikson's findings and his meta analysis uh deliberate practice only counted for counted for for 20% of the change that was seen in an athlete. So what's making what's making what's all those percentage of stuff that's causing the change? So as I investigated I bumped into a guy named Michael Turvy and Michael Turvy was writing about self-organization. Uh there weren't any really books on it yet. It was a bunch of white papers that were really hard to read. And then I just poked around and you know I bumped into Rob Gray. Rob Gray is actually my professor. So shout out Rob. Uh &gt;&gt; yeah, we got his book right here. Learn to move. &gt;&gt; You're you're uh you're in this book, right? &gt;&gt; I'm in all of his books, man. Me and Rob are homies. &gt;&gt; Um yeah, Rob's great, man. Actually, shout out to him, too. He is the uh highest selling Scholax author in history. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; You're welcome. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Little little credit to Greg there. &gt;&gt; No, no, I'm just kidding. No, because he's very effective at communicating a difficult science. &gt;&gt; You know what I mean? His disposition is wonderful. uh he takes a very pragmatic approach which I really like about the way he talks about things. He's not so stuck in the theory. I mean of course he's a professor so you can get down and dirty with him if you want to talk about the difficult shit but he can design a very effective practice for pretty much any sport. Uh and he's he's been my inspiration since I first heard about him on his podcast and um you know he taught me he taught me indirectly everything I I think I know about it. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. And so DeAndre came over around 2020 right was uh whenever he came over to Standard. Did you come same time, Gavin, or were you later? &gt;&gt; I was a little later. Uh, he ended up getting a job and started going to Standard. Then when he visited back home, he would tell me like, "Yo, should listen to this guy or like experiment with stuff or like just tune in a little bit, see what he has to say." Then I ended up following after I graduated college, I ended up getting a job at the same place. So I was near Greg and we started training together. That was maybe like two years afterwards. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, for sure. So like 2022 you would have been there that because 2022 is the same the pans year right pan year because Gav was coming up when he could. So he'd spend like a few days there go home few days there go home. What's really impressive about Gav and really people don't know this is he was experimenting using this with white belts for his training. So when he won pans he was training with mostly beginners under his own ideas right so whatever we were working on he would just take it back and he would you do it to the guys he was training with. And so &gt;&gt; what what was your uh I guess you and DeAndre's training like before the move to standard, you know, what was kind of like your your initial roots in grappling? You guys are both wrestlers, right? You &gt;&gt; Yeah. So uh we started a long time ago, like 2009. Then we started wrestling right after maybe like a year or two after uh we started jiu-jitsu. So that really built our work ethic on how we view jiu-jitsu. A lot of people in jiu-jitsu, it's hard to say, are soft. Uh I mean, compared to wrestling, for sure. &gt;&gt; I identify more as a wrestler than a a jiu-jitsuer. So, uh yeah, it's just like just, you know, embracing the grind and taking that with jiu-jitsu really helped me. Uh but before we were drilling a lot uh for a standard and when my brother became a black belt and we started or he he started trying at these IBJF majors uh he wasn't too successful. He tried to do one last run before he got into the workforce. Uh then COVID happened and we started doing NOGI a Nogi more and he got in touch with Greg and started like talking before he got his job and but before that it was just we used to drill like at I had class at like 7:20 and uh 7:20 a.m. in high school. He'll wake me up at like 5:00 and we'll drill for an hour. And uh yeah, I wasn't conscious for that. Like I was literally still asleep like all right we drilled Baron bow drilled all this stuff because we thought that was the best way right and it was just by happen stance that uh D met Alex and met Greg and Greg was also uh really serious about like getting guys good and he brought D along then he brought me along then ever since that first year or we started competing under Greg it's like we we never went back so &gt;&gt; gotcha Is there almost like a I guess for a lack of better like a culture shock moment or anything from like switching from like I I I mean some sort of like focus on drilling and all that and now you're in this kind of new environment, a new style kind of like uh with a new coach and all that. Was it did it take anything for you to kind of get used to that to fall into that more format? &gt;&gt; No. Uh we bought in pretty quickly. Uh me and D were on our own for a long time and we tried everything. uh we never blindly blindlessly or blindly uh followed any one protocol or method. Uh we did whatever it took to get better, right? And we're open to change. So when Greg told us or he told D about it, we didn't uh like push it down right away or accepted it. We all we'll play around with it for a year. Then we'll come to our own conclusion. Then after a year when we or D was doing good, then brought me along. It's just like we we never seen a a reason to change. So, &gt;&gt; yeah, there was just kind of like a pretty immediate return, I guess, on it and everything, you know. Did you Did you Or go ahead. &gt;&gt; Oh, no, please. What? &gt;&gt; I was just going to say like if if you noticed any sort of like were these guys naturally they were like good at kind of this I I don't want to say style, &gt;&gt; but they're just serious real athletes. I mean, it's like they wanted to get good and like Gavin always makes the joke when people complain, he's like, "I guess you don't want it bad enough, right?" And that's it's it's funny, but it's actually true. uh and being in the room with them, you realize very quickly that they want to be good at this and they're willing to effort go after it. And because of their natural ability to be intentional, it just works out. You know, some people work well under certain methodology with certain coaches and we just vibe. We got along. We're all serious people. My room is free. It's open. You know, people can be who they are. It just it was just it's just a good culture, you know, that people came in and everyone really trained hard together, supported each other. It just it just worked out. You know what I mean? The method was just what we used. You know what I mean? No. No, no two athlete success are an excuse for a method. Um, but they did thrive at standard. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. &gt;&gt; You know what I mean? So, &gt;&gt; so one thing I do want to ask you guys about and it feels like it kind of fits the timeline of uh DeAndre being there for a couple years now Gavin's coming over. you guys are kind of training uh under the standard umbrella and everything now is that 2022 pans cuz for me that was like I guess like I felt validation for you in some ways or maybe even just like a like a oh okay this you got to at least respect this you know you got to like be hip to what's going on because Gavin, DeAndre and Alex all three won pans that same year and it just was like I remember uh it probably would have been I guess like Alex won then you would have won and then now DeAndre wins and you get you he came running over you guys are like hugging And I'm like, "This is actually nuts, dude." Like, Greg has three band champions right here. They're all like going crazy. Like, this is a sick moment. But what was that moment like for you guys, dude? &gt;&gt; It was lovely for us. I mean, cuz we're in the room every day. We're working hard together. We got to celebrate together. We got all of our efforts hit at one time. And for me, I mean, people, we don't talk. I mean, Alex is uh is doing something else for her life now. She trains when she can, but Gavin D like came along, but Alex has been with me. I gave Alex her a little kid orange belt, her green belt, her blue belt, her purple belt, her black belt. Alex has won worlds at every level. She won the juvenile uh world one and two. She won uh teens pans when she was a green belt. She was unscored on for four years &gt;&gt; and nobody ever talks about her. And I'm like, she she was my best athlete, you know what I mean? Um and so it was nice for her and her boyfriend, her boyfriend's brother to all like come under one roof and really express themselves and show show how uh good they are and see their efforts play off. So it was just great, man. And I was very proud for her too cuz she was funny. She was like, "Oh, I'm so happy I won first cuz that's too much pressure for me." &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Cuz she won and then Gav won and then D had to hold it down. D was the last guy. But it was perfect for D to be the last guy. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I was going to say is that is that that's probably the guy you want to be like, "All right, I have a clear focus, a clear intention. I got to do the three for three here for &gt;&gt; he's he's clean up. He's the pressure player." Like, you know, it doesn't matter how how heavy it gets, he's he's ready to go. So, that was just it was a really cool experience. And uh and we were just having fun. It was it was really cool, man. &gt;&gt; And no one knew about us at the time. It was really great cuz like I didn't do any social media. I was actually convinced to do it by somebody else and I had like what like 400 followers. I had like 20 posts in like 10 years. Like I didn't even care, you know? And then one of my friends was like, "You should share share share your stuff." &gt;&gt; So we are all history from there. Yeah. What was that experience like for you, Gavin? Uh, I know it was important, but it didn't feel any different than what we've been practicing. Uh, before I would put a lot of pressure on myself, you know, I'll get anxious, get nervous, but that was like the first tournament where I I really didn't get nervous. It's like we've been training hard for this. And I always look for long-term development, like how does this serve myself one, two, three years from now? And coming from that that mindset, it's like when I competed, it's just it's just a another day in the office, you know? It's not if I win, I win. If I lose, I lose. It it it doesn't matter. I'm just I'm just being me. And I know I intend to win everything I every match I do, right? But if it doesn't happen, it's like no hard feelings anymore. But I know it's important for like, you know, it's a canon event for us. But uh yeah, it was it was no nothing different. I used to used to make competition a a bigger thing than it actually was. And it made me hate competition and that was like my fa first major tournament at black belt. I just I didn't care. I just just going out there and competing. So &gt;&gt; what what was there a certain thing or I mean some sort of like mental switch or anything that kind of led you to think like that? Because I feel like from the hobbyist level to like, you know, like a blue bell who's just trying to do an AGF or something regional, you know, all the way to the highest level competitors, that's such a big aspect of it where it seems like when athletes do break through to a new level, they kind of achieve all these highle titles and all this. They have similar stories where they kind of were able to like readjust their approach to the mental side of competition and like how much it weighed on them and everything. Was there like a catalyst moment for you? Uh, one thing that helped me was I realized that regardless if I win or lose, Monday is still going to be Monday. I got to go to work or I got to go to school. It didn't change. I won a lot and people still treat me the same. My family still supporting me. I lose a lot. Same thing. So, when I realize that, it's like, what is all this pressure I'm putting on myself is essentially not real, right? &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; And what's left is me just doing it for the love of the game, you know? So that's what like anytime I compete like I I don't care if I win or lose. I just do it because I like it. So &gt;&gt; yeah, you sounds like you were cracking open a little Marcus Aurelius or something. I leaned into stoic stoic philosophy read meditations a second time and you're like &gt;&gt; I don't read either. Some of you tell by how I speak. That's &gt;&gt; gotcha. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So obviously you know the success has kept compiling for you guys and the standard crew and all that you know. Um, I want to ask you more about ecological and specifically the misconceptions of ecological. What are the number one things you see people throwing out there about it, you know, that it's like you want to clear the air on. You want to kind of make sure people are getting this right if we're going to talk about ecological. &gt;&gt; Oh my god, there's a mountain like, you know, honestly, I don't want to point any fingers and say you guys are idiots or whatever. Just the the thing that I really want to say is, man, there's more work involved than you realize, right? So, like, you know, I I started working on this in 2014. I didn't have my init Well, I had some success really with little Alex and some other athletes like uh Samir and Majid and Media Mike and um you know I've always produced like pretty pretty good competitors you know um but it took me quite a long time to really understand how to develop a truly effective practice um and and a lang a language I could use to describe it to regular people and so a lot of people haven't gone through that and all they're doing is they're taking either my work and which is fine you're supposed to copy people who come before you that's you're supposed to do that and they're they're letting that be the whole thing or they're just doing this weird bastardization of it which is just like they're like okay we're having eco class on Tuesdays what what you know what I mean I don't know it there's not enough work being done in the space people aren't digging hard enough into the why we need ecological appro why we need an ecological approach what's important about an ecological approach how to be ecologically consistent with our practice design there's a lot to it then &gt;&gt; yeah so I mean the thing that I I'm getting from you talking about and stuff and spending some more time with you and everything is that it's much more a holistic approach that maybe people aren't realizing that it's like ecological is kind of the holistic philosophy around how you're structuring out all this stuff and then CLA is like the method or the vehicle for kind of delivering that in that setting &gt;&gt; two or go ahead. Yeah. &gt;&gt; One of I can like we don't show moves, right? So I could easily say that on podcast in a philosophical way. don't show moves because I'm I'm being honest when I say that. But at the same time like well you showed an arm lock. Letting people know some letting people see something that's possible and then coming up with a training intervention to get them to do it are two different things. Right? So having someone start an armlock braking position and showing them a process by which we go through separation straightening of the arm. Again, that's letting someone that's affecting the perceptive side of things. Here's something we're going to try to accomplish. This is kind of what it looks like. And then that's not enough. We need we need a bridge between what's possible and or changing someone's perception to getting them to be able to do it. There is a series of behaviors or focuses or intentions that have to happen between seeing something and becoming skillful at applying something. And so again, people aren't aren't seeing that there's a there's like a a bunch of phases from that one thing to being able to do it yourself. Um and they think showing moves or talking about a moves or describing how you've done it historically is enough and it isn't. It just isn't. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. And I do think that's that's one side of it where um you know maybe I even would want some clarity and stuff is the like the whole showing the move and everything because of course that's a talking point that gets brought up in the like the anti-ecological camp and everything you know is like oh well you can put a you can put a day one white belt out there but it's like they'll never find an arm bar cuz it's like they haven't seen or anything. So I guess I I feel like maybe a way to talk through that is like would you be down to kind of explain like the fundamental ecological approach? So, it's like guys come in day one. This is like I guess the week of how we lay out these games to like get them up to speed to have like this kind of baseline of grappling, right? Because that's really what they're like pointing out is like they have to have a baseline knowledge of what grappling even is. So, how do you structure that under the like CLA uh format? &gt;&gt; Well, before I tell you, there's two things that are really interesting uh that that you just said that people bring up all the time. So, one, they say a beginner would never have come up with an arm lock. Well, we know it's not true because we have armlocks. So, there was a time we didn't. So, &gt;&gt; shout out Helio, &gt;&gt; shout out to Mitsuya Mada, the big man. &gt;&gt; And then we can talk about more of like not reinventing the wheel, but either way, an armlock emerged from the relationship between human capacity and the opportunity to express that capacity and that's why we have them now. Uh, that's why people see them and and we can replicate them and things like that. But there is an intervention on how to get people to do it more effectively. But either way, it is emergent. They did happen once in history and they are repeated. So again, that's not a good argument. Uh, the other one is the only two examples people ever bring up about the complex move that can never happen without showing. You're always the same, too. Always the same, too. Everywhere I go in the every all 12 different countries I've been to, everywhere in the United States, every state, they're what about the Baron Bolo and what about the false reef? Nobody ever says anything else. &gt;&gt; First one I was going to say was Baron Bolo. &gt;&gt; Baron Bolo or false reap. The two greatest, most complex, crazy moves that ever been seen. &gt;&gt; Sorry. All right, I'm done grandstanding. Here we go. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. You can grandstand as much as you want. &gt;&gt; No. So, here's the deal. So, uh, the the the lesson I've been trying to use to teach this idea, people who've come to my seminars will see this, uh, exposure and opportunity. We need to make sure that our training interventions have both of those things. So, when we're dealing with new players, we need to expose them to grappling action. That's pushing, pulling, twisting, lifting, squeezing, holding, the human capacity to grip and grasp and grip objects. When doing that, we put them in what we call stereotypical positions. These are alignments that happen all the time, like the mount, for example. And then we have them do those basic grappling behaviors or we expose them to them, right? Like hold your partner down, partner try to push them off of you. An arm lock cannot emerge unless we can first hold somebody down and create the conditions by which the opportunity arises. And that's the second thing. If we want our students to realize a behavior or produce a coordinated behavior that produces an effect on their partner, when we start them training, we need to start them as close to the end point as we can or close to success as we can. In order for training to make sense, an opportunity to realize that training needs to exist. So we, let's say we're exposing them to pinning, which is a basic grappling action, they need to be close enough to the opportunity for pinning to function. And then we train them there and then we move them back out and make the tasks more complex as the behaviors start to emerge. So as pinning starts to emerge, we do different things with the pin like we isolate arms. Once isolation starts to emerge, we can now transition around the isolated arm to reach breaking positions and we just scale and scaffold the training focuses to go from large simplistic behaviors to smaller more complex behaviors. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. So, so, um, when you're when you're like applying it in that setting with all the white belts and everything like like new people, I guess, you know, because it doesn't I guess it doesn't have to be a white belt, but someone who doesn't have those skills yet, hasn't acquired those skills. Do you find that there's any sort of like disconnect when you do it in like a big group training class versus like like because it does it does feel like if you're watching me and you're like I'm going to one v one or not one v one but I'm going to one-on-one kind of coach you through this and we're going to all right Trey showing like exemplary action with the pinning mechanics and all that. Let's progress. But is there kind of like a little bit does it get harder whenever you have now a full class? &gt;&gt; So it's it's a what I would consider an artificial constraint meaning I think true coaching is onetoone me and you. I have you and I've got six other people I can use for variation to help you develop these skills. That would I that I think is the most optimal coach student relationship. Now, there are some other examples of what I consider that could be optimal as well, like let's say three coaches and and six students or student coaches or people who are also athletes that are trying to help the coach, you know, things like this. But either way, setting out a general class structure for 20 to 40 people is very difficult to do. The framework that I've created starts to solve this problem. And that's why one reason I created it because one of my major constraints and every constraint of every gym owner is having 20 to 40 people on the mat at a given time. So how do we get them to do things that get them to start doing something that looks like grappling if we can't be specific onetoone, right? What do we need to expose them to? And what tasks we get them to do that give them an opportunity to realize the effects of their actions? That's the question we start with and then we create a training protocol that follows that or tries to answer those questions. Um, the way that I I started to try to solve that was play the whole game every day. That's a general concept. It has nothing to do with ecological approach directly. It's my interpretation of the literature. Basically, expose beginners to the major phases of play, standing, guarded, and pinned every day as frequently as possible and have them do simple tasks so we can get them transitioning through those major phases of play. An example would be if I want to learn how to take somebody down, start them with a grip. That can take somebody down. If I want them to pin somebody, start them with a grip where pinning is possible. If I want them to resist being pinned, start them with a grip where resisting pinning becomes possible. Gotcha. So, I guess to, you know, like talking through that, for one, I want to point out standard starts class at 7 exactly and ends class at 8 exactly. So, when we were there, it was three 15-minute rounds, five minute breaks in between, and it was, you know, on the dot each time. So now taking that and applying to this situation where you say you want them to work on kind of the complete thing. Does that mean that these fundamental classes are going to be structured in that way where there's like a round based on taking them down guard and then uh correct thing on top? &gt;&gt; So in our fundamentals class we have two six-minute rounds where they're on the feet solving something on the feet solving a problem on the feet. We have two six-minute rounds where they're solving solving guarded problems. This is anything where we're in front of the legs or using our legs. And then finally is two six-minute games that are solving pinning problems where we're pinning. At the end of class, we give room for people to either work on what they want or go over to the other side and start doing regular rounds with their partner and trying to apply the task focuses from the small side of games into the larger games. And that's our general foundation structure. It's designed for someone who either trains two to four days a week as consistently as possible. &gt;&gt; Okay. Because I mean that's a good like caveat I guess cuz you know mo like someone who's not Gavin and DeAndre going to you know be there every day doing the work taking a professional. They are going to train like two days or whatever it is. You know, this is something that I have to tell every coach. It doesn't matter what the method is. It doesn't matter whether you explain people to their blue in the face or you have some the best ecological games you can come up with. There is a problem that only frequency and volume solves. If you don't have a base level of frequency and volume performing any skill, improvement will either be non-existent or slow. The interventions we use are supported by frequency and volume. So again, you got a guy who shows up once a week every now and then, he's just having a blast with his friends. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. And &gt;&gt; that's okay. That's okay. &gt;&gt; And then you got a guy like Gavin who's showing up all the time, but he's also having a blast with his friends. I assume &gt;&gt; that's the goal, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Gavin, I want to This is So, we do these arbitrary segments. One time they told us we need to segment our podcast more for sponsors and whatnot. So, this is an arbitrary segment called We're getting Gavin to talk some more again on the show to make sure, you know, he's included. But you you and your brother do have a very interesting background that a lot of jiu-jitsu guys don't. And the biggest part of that is that you did kind of, you know, become something in the world outside of grappling in like you you're you were an engineer as well, right? You and your brother are both engineers. So just that aspect of I mean I'm just going to be candid. Most jiu-jitsu guys you meet probably have never had a job like at least a lot of them. It's like you know you don't meet a lot of guys who kind of like I achieved this thing and now I'm also a grappler. So it is very rare and I think it's very admirable to see two brothers who like wow these dudes were engineers and have been able to kind of like they love jiu-jitsu I assume you know did it their whole life they were able to reach such a high level reach a high level of like a very hard field like engineering where you're able to get a degree get a job all of that and then now use that to then keep crafting the life you want and you know I'm you can correct me if I'm wrong I'm working off a lot of assumption of talking to DeAndre where he said like he liked being an engineer but now that he doesn't have to anymore he's only going back if he has to, you know, he's kind of using that as a safety. It's a great safety net to have. But I I want to ask you about kind of your background and what led you to to pursue a path like that where you probably could have just been a little bit more of a jiu-jitsu bum. You know, it's like you probably showed promise. You probably could have skirted by on that, sleeping on couches, but you actually went out and achieved something pretty incredible in becoming an engineer and actually working in that field and everything. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I'm just very riskadverse, right? So the all-in sleep in a van try to make the dream happen was not on the table for me. It just wasn't sustainable because the reality of it is like it isn't guaranteed anything right and it could waste a lot of years and it could be 10 year I could be 30 and realize dang maybe GSU is not for me right so me personally I don't mind backup plans so engineering was a backup plan for me and that was not the only option but that's the only way I thought I could do jiu-jitsu like jiu-jitsu would not be fun if I if I knew I had to win all these tournaments make a name for myself, you know, be a businessman for the sake of getting money and using jiu-jitsu for that. I just I I wouldn't like it, you know, and I've been teaching me and uh D have been teaching kids for a long time. And one of the biggest messages we try to tell them, it's like you could do all of it. If if you want it bad enough, you could do all of it. Don't think it has to be all or nothing, right? because that's just going to set up a lot of failures for a lot of kids, right? It's like it can be done. And if there's anything me and D tell people or tell our audience, it's like you could be an engineer, you could be a full-time job, have a full-time job, and still compete and train and do compete at the highest level. It's just I like Greg says, I we just wanted it bad enough, you know? We have a family. We have a lot of people that supported us. So we at the end of the day we we had to get have something so we could show that support and if jity didn't happen we'll still be engineers. So &gt;&gt; in in some ways you know to make it a little use some ecological terms here you put some constraints on yourself in your life to then eventually at some point be able to remove those constraints and give yourself a little more context more broad context. you know, you kind of had the constraint of I do want to be a grappler. I want to succeed, but I want the security of, you know, the engineering background, all that. And then that opened it back up where now you're like, "All right, I have that. I can I can do the full round now. The full 15-minute round, if you will. How do I do how'd I do, Greg?" Was that a good &gt;&gt; They had placed on them that affected their the outcomes of their behaviors. Absolutely. &gt;&gt; Like D said, we we always have that in our back pocket, right? We're I'm at least Yeah. me and D are taking a stab at uh opening up a club and trying to get other like-minded people, people that are serious about jiu-jitsu and helping them. And the reality of it, everyone that's going to walk through that door is going to have a job. It's going to have probably have a family that they need to support. So, just from our background, I feel like we could we could relate to that. So &gt;&gt; definitely I think a lot of people are going to come through those doors and be able to relate much more than you know a lot of times you get a an instructor or something who they did just kind of live that jiu-jitsu lifestyle. So it's like they're really good at talking about that but there's like a lot of experience a lot of life stuff where it's like you know maybe they can't fall back on and everything. So I think that's a cool thing. I think you guys got a cool thing going with all of that stuff. Can you can you talk much about your actual specific engineering job? DeAndre told us some stuff where he was kind of like, h, I don't know what all I can and can't say, but it was kind of sick what what you guys were doing. So, I'm like, &gt;&gt; yeah, we were both mechanical engineers and uh we were when we met Greg, I was in college still and I think uh D had a gap year between his uh graduation, his degree, and going to work. He tried to make that one final run. And then COVID happened and all this other stuff. and uh he met Greg or he met Alex and Greg. Then we try to get we ended up getting jobs close to Greg so we could train so one we could have a full-time job and we have a place to uh to train and keep developing you know it's just everything in our life is revolving about around getting better right so it's not like work was a separate bucket from our our practice it's like we ended up getting that government Um well, it is a government job, right? And uh at near Greg, so it could sustain our our our practice, our jiu-jitsu, cuz we just like doing it. Uh the specifics of our job, man, I couldn't tell you. I just did what I told I was I was told, right? Uh it was for the government and they didn't know. It's crazy cuz, you know, I'm very eager. I like getting all my work done and my supervisor was telling me that, yo, you slow down a little bit. you know, the faster you get done, you know, you earn just more work. Then that kind of put me off. So once put put me off of uh working an office job. So once we start ramping up on competitions, I was like, "All right, this this juicy thing is is pretty serious for us or it's getting pretty serious. Once it's sustainable, like with D winning that 100k uh that Sabotera event, let's start shifting to try to make jiu-jitsu a sustainable lifestyle." Then things lined up and it ended ended up happening and uh now we're trying to open up a gym. &gt;&gt; That's awesome. Did you guys both kind of leave the job at the same time? I think DeAndre said it was like 10 months ago for him or something. &gt;&gt; Uh I I left a pretty uh maybe like two months earlier with the new administration coming in. They had uh they were laying off some people. So there was opportunity to do like a severance uh type thing and no one believed it. But man, I was just tired of working. So, I was like, "Yo, I'm taking this." I was the first one out. I think I might be the only one uh to take it out uh or take that offer on our job or in our team. And then D was like very skeptical. Was like, "I don't know about this." Then I did it. Then we ended up he ended up winning that 100K while he was still uh working. Then we were like, "All right, it opened back up." So, he took it. Now, we're using all that money to try to uh finance our our school. &gt;&gt; That's awesome, dude. My my own personal philosophy is on work. I don't know if I should say this on the podcast. I'm employed to do, but I do kind of believe like if you don't if you don't work your dream job, which I pretty much do work a dream job, you know? So I it's very easy for me to kind of invest almost my full self into this everything kind of into the stuff I do. But if you don't, I do think you should work the minimum to achieve the things you do want to be doing in life. you know, whether it's like it's just hitting kind of the standard of I'm doing this, so then actually I can apply that to all there and everything. I don't know if you guys have different philosophies and everything. Seems like you really like to work hard, but it's it's cool to see someone get to like use that to then propel into like opening a gym, kind of doing the things that are like closer to realizing the dreams you have and everything. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's just you you you got to pay your bills, you know, and jiu-jitsu at the time and just until recently wasn't paying a lot. So we never the only way of uh like making a good amount of money or um making a life out of it was a school. Then you know Saboter with 100k Craig Jones all this stuff. It's like dang GSU could be sustainable in itself as an athlete. Of course we're not going to put all our eggs in that in that basket, right? Like we do get a lot of competition winnings and all that stuff, but like really diversifying. you're you're able to diversify in jiu-jitsu is is what we realized and once we realized that opportunity we just capitalized on it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You you kind of mentioned how uh you're risk averse you know &gt;&gt; in your grappling though it seems like DeAndre is a little more riskaverse. You like to kind of flow with it and like I think a good example is the Dorian match at trials where you know DeAndre when someone shoots on him you see a heavy sprawl. He does that kind of split sprawl sometimes gets heavy pressure stays on top. you kind of flow through it and kind of it seems like you take the risk a little more. &gt;&gt; That's more fun, you know. You know, uh my my one of my main training partners, uh he he describes it well. I I I like playing in the fire. I don't like putting the fire out like D, right? &gt;&gt; Gotcha. &gt;&gt; Like he he he's just boring, bro. Like D is just a boring grappler. That's just me as I can say that, right? But uh again, I think jiu is an art, right? Grappling is an art and it's a extension of myself. Uh, so when I do compete and do all that stuff, I'm like, if I lose, I lose. I don't care. I'm gonna be myself out there. And I think that was a uh that Dorian match was a good example. Of course, I I lost and stuff, but I wouldn't have it any other way. All all that match tells me is what I need to do in practice. It's like I prepared as much as I can for that match. It's just I just let it fly. People, you know, people are going to say, "Oh, you got Doran. You got to be watch out for his wrestling." Man, I don't care, man. I don't care. like I'll let it let it happen. If he beats me, he beats me, which he did. Then that tells me, all right, I like u an intervention uh Greg or intention Greg told me is like I'm very naturally I'm very like counter style, right? Like having a few practices in the week where I'm just the aggressor the whole time. not necessarily mean that I'll compete like that all the time, but basically to develop and show that I have the capability to do so if I need to if the problem uh calls for it. So yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Nice, man. No, I like it was all kind of like it was counter wrestling in that match, but it was like these these like flowy transitions that where Dorian would obviously and I mean you're not wrong to say like people bring up Dorian's wrestling. It's like he almost has like a boogeyman type of uh like perception in the community of like, oh Dorian, man, his pace, his wrestling, all of that. And so it was cool to see a guy be like, man, bring that on. You know, it's like because, you know, I'm a little styl. I got my shoulders rolling, you know, I got the cool hair, all that. I got a little something for this wrestling. So, so that was that was a fun match for sure. &gt;&gt; It's like I'm going to compete more. That's not my whole life is not leading up to that moment like, "Oh, I got to beat Dorian or I got to win this." It's like I I'm not afraid to tap, man. Like, it's not scary, bro. I'm going to tap and go to my hotel afterwards. All right. Chill with my homies. Like, a lot of people I don't know if this is the right way. This is just my way. They overemphasize competition. like like some of the guys uh I've been uh training this past two months. I have a friend who competes and I know he's competing cuz that whole week he acts different like he's like locked in like like he got to prove something. I'm like bro like relax man. It's okay. It's like the moment after he's done competing he's going to be back to normal. I'm like and I was deep deep in that hole for a long time as a competitor as a wrestler all that stuff. It's like I just had to look myself in the mirror. I'm like, "Yo, it's not that serious, man." Like, me being like, you know, chip on my shoulder type of thing. I mean, that some people need that. It's just me, it's like it's not necessary. Like, &gt;&gt; I compete the best when I don't care. It's like I'm only going to get my own way if I try to try to force something that's not meant to happen. &gt;&gt; Is DeAndre kind of more on the flip side of kind of like is he does he seem different? Cuz he he does have like a more of a like a I guess almost like a bravado about him. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that is just him. I mean, Gav insights maybe that I don't because he grew up with obviously. Um, but for me, it's like uh it's it's just his focus. So, what he tries to do is minimize noise, right? So, his whole thing is he doesn't want distractions while he's trying to accomplish the hard thing, right? So, if the hard thing for him is the prep, right? He really wants to be locked into the prep. And then once that weight is made, he starts to lighten up a little bit. Uh because, you know, that I think that's the hardest part for him. If when he goes out there and competes, that attitude you see, that's how he likes to be. He likes the fight. You know what I mean? He's not putting it on. It's not. It's literally who he is. You know, he is that hard-nosed dude who wants to go out there and go lock horns. It's that's what he likes. &gt;&gt; Nice. &gt;&gt; You live with him long enough, you you see like &gt;&gt; you get you wouldn't be surprised on how he how he grapples. It's exactly like his personality and dayto-day and everything he does. And I I think I'm I'm I'm similar to that &gt;&gt; for sure. So, another thing I do want to talk about, I wish DeAndre was here to tell this story. story he told a little bit in the video uh we did his day in the life but is obviously DeAndre has been big on this walking thing for a long time you know and now it's like the social media stuff it's been kind of cool to follow along watching this guy get his steps in you know definitely a good little idea and angle for more social media content um but you told us a story and he told a little bit of where he walked to Washington DC from Rockville he said it was 100,000 steps in one day and I first question Gavin why weren't you there with him why weren't you there with with big bro. &gt;&gt; I don't gotta prove anything. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it was. Bro, &gt;&gt; that was his journey, huh? &gt;&gt; That's a good story. We were actually visiting B team when that uh challenge came up and it was with my other friend who uh you know, he he's all talk, right? He does uh he does, you know, follow through on some some of the things he says. And uh it came up. We're at Whole Foods and he was like, "Yo, you think I can do 100K steps?" Not DeAndre. DeAndre was just right there. And I was like, "No, you can't." Then DeAndre pulled himself in like I think I could do 100K. I said, "I know you can. You can run a marathon raw. Like no training. I I believe that you could do a ultramarathon raw, no training." Then he's like, "Yo, you don't think I could do 100K?" I'm like, "Bro, I know you could do 100K." I'm talking to CJ right here. Then CJ's like, CJ, the guy that talks a lot, he likes rage beating. So he's like telling D's like, "Man, you can't do 100K." And D's like, they going back and forth. I mean, you can't do 100K. It's like, I'll do it right now. And he's just all talk. But I know D is serious. Like you could rage bait him rage bait the crap out of him and he will be like if you tell him you could beat him. Like he would do it on site. Like he will fight you on site if he if he needed to. So when we got back home, dude, instantly he just did 100k steps. Like he woke up at like 4:00 a.m. He he uh he facetimed me said, "I'm doing this 100k step challenge." I'm like, "For what? I know you could do it." Said, "No, man. You guys say I can't do it." I'm like, "Bro, I know you could do it." &gt;&gt; Yeah, that was his reasoning, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Then he walked the whole time. No music, no anything. Uh, it was a good, it would have been a good series for him to do on Instagram, but uh, you know, D doesn't need that. He would do it without anyone saying it just to prove prove it to himself. &gt;&gt; He likes it, too. I think that's what makes it easy. Like, he likes that. He likes that slow monotony. Like, he's very good at dealing with that shit. Uh, yeah. To walk from Rockville to DC and then back. That's pretty tough. Well, like the slow monotony thing that's when uh he does he did his morning routine, you know, where he like will just kind of sit in a squat and he'll kind of flow through some positions. Um I think sometimes he does it with a book. He did it while drinking a cup of coffee. And the whole time he was telling me how he was like I kind of started this cuz I hate mobility. It's so boring, you know? It's like I hate having to do this and but I like coffee so I'll drink the coffee while I do it. And the whole time in the back of my head I was like you don't hate this, bro. You you love that you get to hate this. It's like it's clear that you're a guy who has these things where you're like, "Uh, I hate this. I better do it, you know." &gt;&gt; Well, no. I But I don't I don't know what that motivation is, but I will tell you when I first met the guy, we traveled a lot together. I used to drive him everywhere. We'd fly everywhere together. Every morning in the hotel, lock step, doing the same shit like without fail. Without fail. Even if we had to get on the plane, he would get up early to do it. So, he would set his alarm earlier. He'd get up earlier if we had to be at the airport like a certain time to do his morning routine. Um I don't think early in his when I was with him, I don't think he ever missed it. You know, even something that was crazy was uh we were train when he won the 100k qualifier when we went to Florida and uh he won. Uh he had a sprint workout scheduled uh for that next morning, but we had to be at airport at 6:00. So after we got home, we got 1:30 back to the hotel, Gav 1:30, 2 o'clock in the morning, something like that. &gt;&gt; Alarm goes off 4:30, sits up, puts his shoes on, goes out in the hallway, and does a scrim workout &gt;&gt; up and down the hallway. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, man. You know, his the hotel guests hated DeAndre. &gt;&gt; He has him scheduled, had to get it done, and uh he did what he's supposed to do, you know. So, &gt;&gt; that's an impressive trait, man. Super impressive. &gt;&gt; That's right. Yeah. You can either two things. You can you can care and you can get that or you can call other people cringe and be nothing. So, &gt;&gt; yeah. Gavin throwing out the &gt;&gt; No, G doesn't get &gt;&gt; I'm kidding. Yeah, &gt;&gt; that's just like D &gt;&gt; for sure. So, I do I do want to ask you guys specifically about who's number one 32. Obviously, this is going down tomorrow, Tuesday, March 31st, 6:30 p.m. Everything kicks off here central time and uh DeAndre, you know, has is in a big bracket here with Dorian Olivivera, Max Hansen, Julian Espinosa. The 155 title belt is on the line. I think like, you know, to peel the curtain back. I think the idea here is we we we had to take the belt from P. P knows that. He was cool with it and everything, but the idea is maybe, you know, whoever wins the belt, it's like kind of an immediate P gets another shot at the belt and everything. But I'm just curious your thoughts overall on this bracket and kind of DeAndre's place in it. &gt;&gt; No, I think it's really great. I I'm I'm really looking forward to Dorian D's match. It's a match up I wanted to see for a while. I think it's a stylistically it's a fun matchup. Uh they both have a similar attitude and I want to see how that plays out. I think it's a great challenge for DeAndre uh to wrestle someone with a very different style than what we traditionally see out there. Um, and then of course having Julian and Max in the bracket as well to to make things exciting and give both Dorian and D a different challenge would be cool. We have seen uh D and and Max a few times. I was hoping that he would get uh Espinosa just to kind of for us for to shake it up a bit, but I think what and Max and Julian have fought each other recently too. &gt;&gt; Yeah, they have. &gt;&gt; Whatever. But uh I don't think it's I think it's gonna be fun, man. It's very cool. It's very cool. &gt;&gt; What do you think about his first round match against Max? How do they kind of match up and everything? kind of like you said, I know they've faced before and everything, but &gt;&gt; look, I I I really, this is truly my opinion, I don't like to put another athlete out. You know, you don't know what Max is doing in the dark. You don't know what he's in there, what his focus is like. You know, he believes in himself. He's changing his training. He's adapting to what's in front of him. You know, with with competitors, anything can happen. Uh but as far as what we've seen historically and what I know about both their skills, I think D has this uh in the bag. I mean, uh, just his general skill set, I think, is, uh, uh, slightly more well-rounded than Max, but again, you know, it's a two competitors, you know, any given Sunday. Um, but I mean, I'm, you know, I always bet on black, so, you know, my guy for sure. And so, like, let's say, uh, it it does end up being Dorian versus DeAndre in the final, you know, in a hypothetical situation. Did you give Big Bro any advice? Did you tell did you tell him anything from your experience? I mean, he saw it, &gt;&gt; but no advice needed. Like, the preparation's done. Whatever is going to happen is going to happen. &gt;&gt; No intervention, acute intervention is going to make him win or uh make him more likely to win, you know. Uh he got it. &gt;&gt; No, no words spoken. I'm We have that brother connection. So, I'm talking to him right now. &gt;&gt; There we go. Do you do you uh do you subscribe to the same school of thought of DeAndre of No Hate, No Glaze? He kept he kept telling me that whenever I was filming. &gt;&gt; No hate, no glaze. I never heard that one. &gt;&gt; He said he he said you got to give somebody the respect they deserve, but nothing more. No hate, no glaze. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I I I agree with that. Uh no pity glaze, no nothing. Just yo, let the result be speak for itself, you know. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm working on that because because of this show, I've been People call me the glaze master. So, you know, I'm trying I'm trying. Oh, man. It's always these these these UK dudes for one that are just &gt;&gt; because they're they're they're face deep in the internet. like hang out with any of these young boys. They have to like &gt;&gt; they can't get off it, man. It's like rotting their brains from the core. I love those boys, by the way. &gt;&gt; No, they're awesome. But I I do got to start beating the Glaze allegations, though, cuz them and then the Sainz brothers. We got Michael and Tristan Sains. They would not stop calling me the glaze master. So, I was like, "All right, you guys want me to come on here and just be mean about athletes? Like, imagine what my life would be like if I'm just shitting on everybody. Like, dude, that match sucked. This guy's boring." So, but I told Michael and Tristan, I'm team Chingi and and uh Kyo, the younger brothers. Those are my Saints brothers. I ride with them. So, you know, but &gt;&gt; I ride with the Saints boys, period, man. They're awesome. &gt;&gt; Me and me and uh Pop Carlos got into it a couple years back. It was lovely. Uh he called me some names, but I loved it. And now we're friends. So, &gt;&gt; you you don't shy from the trash talk and stuff, too. I I feel like maybe some people might I don't know what their perception of that is, but &gt;&gt; it's not real. That that's why it doesn't bother me, right? So like there are things that do bother me like you saying things that are untrue about another person or whatever. But people get in emotional and getting in their feelings and saying some shit. We all do it you know in some way shape or another like you know let's say the brothers may not do it publicly but they do it to each other. You know what I mean? Someone we just got to let it out and then we hug shake hands later and then everything is fine. We all get fired up man. I think sometimes there needs to be a place for more of a ridiculous emotional exchange. Uh but as long as we're it's it's not the final word you know. So and it it has no effect on me. Like you can call me whatever you want. I mean, Reddit basically thinks I'm the worst thing that ever existed, so I don't know. I kind of I kind of appreciate it, you know? I mean, like, got to be hated by somebody, right? &gt;&gt; For sure. What how did how did you go about um I guess just kind of broadly, what did the camp look like for DeAndre to prepare him for a bracket like this? &gt;&gt; Oh, so basically what we do is we take the strength of him as an athlete. We Okay, where is he now in his development? Uh historically, what are his last few matches have been like, where is he strong? Where is he weak? And how does he want to approach this fight? That's the first thing. Because our central philosophy is we impose our will on our partners. We do not go into their game or we don't prepare for them. They prepare for us. Uh but the one thing we do is whatever situation we think might come up based on the athletes historical performance, we consider in the training room. So again, we strengthen some of the areas that D wants to fight and we expose him to some of the areas he might end up with the matches he could potentially have. And now, of course, this is easier when we have a single person to prepare for or two people to prepare for. For a typical bracket, this is almost impossible. Uh, but for this one, we could lean a little more into what we what we might think will occur. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. And so I one thing I want to ask you about specifically because I've heard you say that before is the philosophy of imposing your will and everything. And I think it's a cool thing to say, but I also know that you kind of use words more specifically than a lot of people and kind of intentionally as well. So I I guess what's in actuality when you say like we impose our will, how do you get an athlete to actually go out there and do that beyond just being like I'm the man, I'm going to impose my will. You know what I mean? &gt;&gt; No. I'm not talking about imposing your emotionally. So uh in our philosophy, we center a lot of our training uh focuses around zero sum. The idea is what is good for me is bad for you. What is good for you is bad for me. If I'm always acting towards what's good for me, it's always going to be bad for you. So, we train our athletes to be intentional about the conditions they impose upon their partner so we can produce the intended effect. Uh, so all that means is like, for example, if I want to get close to you, I'm never going to let you push me, right? So, we're always clearing hands. We're always clearing feet. Um, if I get to a line or if I get close to you, I'm going to hold that line as I fight you. I'm going to make you carry my weight. I'm going to I'm going to try to use my position to fatigue you. I'm going to have you deal with multiple threats at at a single moment. And we use task focuses to train our students to act like that. Um, and now imposition also doesn't have to be this linear process where I go forward and never stop. It can be a give and take. Like Gav's, Gav's a good example. He knows when to yield to make you give something that you might not want to give. He knows how to yield to cause you to overextend. So, in a sense, something like getting players or giving players tasks where we go the other person into acting a way they might not want to uh isn't also a way we can impose our will indirectly, so to speak. So, either way, it's just this idea that we're always doing things that are good for us. We're not looking out for your best stuff. We're forcing you to look out for ours. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. All right. And so the the other uh part of the philosophy, right, is and I'm going to give you the the you know the smooth brain version of it to use some some young internet terms is uh attack the periphery, get access to center mass, control center mass, and then work for submission. Right. That's the &gt;&gt; we'll just keep it at that. Oh, you know, it's sorry that's just a bit of my framework because the whole idea was just to get kind of round off why you're saying that is I had this framework I developed because I there was no curriculum. So the idea is how can we describe grappling action without referring to jiu-jitsu, right? How we can define the human action of grappling and what words could we use that describe as clearly as possible the model that we're trying to express. And that's what periphery is things that stick out from you, right? So we attack the things that stick out so we can attack the thing that has that that is vulnerable once we remove the things that stick out. Anyway, so yeah. So &gt;&gt; what's the actual phrasing of it? &gt;&gt; Um so we play the game of immobilization as it leads to strangulation and breaking. We do that by attacking the periphery to gain access to center mass. Once we gain access to center mass, we immobilize center mass, isolate, reattack the periphery. To do that, we make and maintain connection and manage distance through isolation, immobilization, segmentation, and destabilization. &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; So, that's the way we describe every action at any given moment at any scale from local to global that can happen in a grappling context. &gt;&gt; I like it. You know, yeah. What Gavin? How DeAndre seems like he really um dives into the language and kind of like the I I guess the technical side of understanding like the ecological approach and everything. Are you big on that or you kind of just &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Too many words. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; No, it's just I feel like when I try to articulate things like my jiu-jitsu into words, it removes or moves my attention to something else like those words, those labels. Like I don't know. When I talk to people, especially like some of my guys in Virginia Beach, it's like I'm trying to let them perceive what I perceive. It's clearly not the same. I don't think of it as top, bottom, standing, right? It's all just grappling. And it's like what uh Greg said, like, you know, we get the periphery out the way to get to the center regardless if it's top, bottom, or standing. It's like I've been so implicit for a long time that anytime I try to dive deep into putting into words. I I start lagging a little bit when I uh roll or compete. &gt;&gt; Frame rate drops some. Huh. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I'm like, yeah, I I don't know. I just do, you know, I go out there and I I mean, it's all preparation. I' I've been training to make these decisions in practice and all these these exchanges. It's like I'm prepared for it. It's like no just putting more noise in my head like putting into complete sentences words or describing things in words is just like my frame rate is going to drop you know so that's actually a really interesting thing actually I think about this quite a bit when dealing with different athletes you have to consider this um you know there are many different ways that we model our internal world some people do it through a monologue some people do it through pictures a mixture you know there's probably a spectrum that we don't even know about but we do know some people don't have one and some people have a specific type and again they vary and so the interventions we use, specifically the verbal ones, it's going to affect people differently. If we imagine that we don't have a verbal athlete, somebody who can't take the words and abstract them into action, might be overwhelmed by language. And so when you speak to them, speaking to them simply and getting them to engage might be what we use. Um, my description is not something I use for every athlete. That is my tool of analysis as a coach that I use to look out at the world. Uh, if someone wants to learn about it, like DeAndre did, I will teach it to them. But it's again, it's a tool and it could be changed, adjusted. they probably will be, but um again it's just that. So again, I I would never speak to Gavin like that. He doesn't function well like that. So it's it's not necessary for him. And maybe as a coach, he'll come up with his own way to do it, which is the goal. Um but DeAndre even he knows that, you know, he he wants to carry on the standard philosophy. And I feel like I've had a lot of students over the years, but I think Gavin and DeAndre have been my true students, meaning they learn jiu-jitsu from me, but I mean it's not like they're always going to have Greg's view. It's like that kind of spunk is bringing them into their own. Um, so yeah, the language is it's just mine. It's just a tool. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. &gt;&gt; It will change. It should change. &gt;&gt; Yeah. There a lot of nuance within it as well, you know, between personto person and all of that. So, which I think is like a a good clarification on one of the other main talking points I see which is the language based thing, you know, and like saying saying like I don't know. I I I think maybe because John Danhur as an example, people try to say stuff about John Danhur using Japanese words and all of that, you know, but that is kind of just like his way to to clearly express his thoughts and kind of communicate well with his athletes. And I think a good thing that I've learned from you is that you can say the like technical description of it, you know, like how I asked you to say it in the actual way, but it's like that's not the the language you only use to express this stuff. &gt;&gt; Anyone who's been in my situation, &gt;&gt; we we speak regular language, humans doing human things to other humans, right? We use the common jutsu symbolism like a reverse de la Heiva or whatever, but we only use it after an experience is had. Uh, and then once we have a shared experience, we put a symbol on it. Now we can communicate quickly and use it as a shortcut to affect our students attention from this area to that area. But understanding that that as a process gives a coach more power to move the dials to affect their students more effectively. So, if we didn't know that that happens, then we wouldn't be as effective as we could be. But again, how you do it stylistically as a coach is completely up to you. This is just my way. And I'm actually very adaptable. Maybe you can ask someone like Gavin, like I don't treat every athlete the same. I'm very open to the differences in my room, what people need, what they don't need, what overwhelms them, what doesn't. And I'm very sensitive to that. I mean, I wouldn't be effective coach if I couldn't, &gt;&gt; you know. &gt;&gt; So, I guess because we're getting close on time, one thing, one last thing I want to just ask you guys, we try to ask a lot of guests that comes on. Do you have uh like a like a favorite grappler historically or someone you used to watch? Someone you were big time into, someone like you loved, I guess, uh when you were on the comeup and everything. &gt;&gt; Yeah, coming up, man. My two favorite ones and Lloyd actually made fun of me for this was uh Ted and Jacare. I loved watching him grapple. I couldn't get enough. Anything Ted did, I would try to replicate. He was Fernando Austo for for the new heads. Uh he was phenomenal. That guy, he was he was way ahead of his time. And what's interesting is he had a lot of effect on the on the modern generation. So, uh, like he had a lot of effect on the Mendes brothers. He had a lot of effect on, uh, Cobrinia. So, he was like this early guy that was like them, right? He was one of my favorites. Jocker, too. Uh, modern grappler, Nogi specifically. Shout out PJ Bart, you're my you're the man. I used to watch him quite a bit before we became friends. Uh, he was my favorite. I because, but when I switched over to Nogi, I was really looking at wrestling heavily he heavy grapplers, people who merged the standing situation, the grounded situation more fluidly. Uh, and as as athlete, as like a wrestling based athlete, and PJ Barts did that the best I thought. And so I used I watched him quite a bit. Um, but yeah, those are my three I would say that I &gt;&gt; Yeah, some good picks right there. A couple deep cuts, you know, and then PJ obviously PJ's just awesome. Just a good dude, too. &gt;&gt; Everyone loves PJ. &gt;&gt; Yeah. What about you, Gavin? &gt;&gt; I watch more wrestlers than grapplers. Uh, Spencer Lee was always my favorite for a while. I've been watching like Jack Forest and Bo Basset. I like I really like I don't like looking at the technical side of things. I just I try to see what they're try they're perceiving when they wrestle. I've been watching all those guys and I used to just analyze like, oh, what setups are they using to get into these shots? I was watching Bo Basset. Dude, that guy just shoots. Technically, he's not setting up his shots. And I'm convinced that like Jack Force, Bo Basset, Spencer Lee, doesn't matter what, they're just gonna get to your leg somehow and put you down. Like screw the technicality or the technical side of it. It's like Bo Basset is double legging with his head down, but if he touches you, he's putting you down. So, I like looking at athletes that go beyond like what's right or wrong. Uh, at least how I view it. And just basically guys that are just dogs, you know, they just go after it. It's like you can't you just cannot deny this guy. Maybe it goes in uh with the imposing your will. It's like this guy like Bo Bass is Spencer they could have like Spencer Lee he had two torn ACL's. It doesn't matter. He's get your leg putting you down. He's going to attack you every time. You know Bob Bass is the same. If he had one arm I dude he's going to take down 99% of the people in the world. And I like that side of things when I watch athletes. It's just what makes them tick right? What what makes them operate? Uh and that just helped me a lot too like competing of course because you know I think everyone gets into that over technical like over anal uh analytical state like oh what oh I need to anticipate no if you want it bad enough you're going to put that guy down if not that's all right you you go back to the drawing board back to practice you work on things then when you compete just who wants it bad who wants it more you know so &gt;&gt; definitely Jack Forest obviously just had a crazy run &gt;&gt; at basically a high schooler &gt;&gt; like same year one high school stay or Yeah, state and then also uh NCA championship. So that &gt;&gt; people just can't be denied, you know. I like that when I watch sports. So &gt;&gt; yeah, I think Jax is a great example of that, too, because it's like I don't have the deepest wrestling knowledge. I have like some base, you know. Shout out Columbus Unifi Junior High, 14 and six, seventh grade record. You know, I listen, the boys called on me. I'm bit a bit of an anchor myself, Greg. you know, cuz I got called up from uh the B team squad, pulled up to the A team, seventh grade, we went to Joplain South. It was a tournament and it came down to my match. I was, you know, the young kid I had to make it happen where as long as I didn't get pinned, we were taking home the team trophy and the dude I was going against, absolute dog, Gavin, he you would have liked it more. Yeah, he was a guy who he was a dog. He liked just doing it and I went out there, got put on my back. &gt;&gt; Little sneaky tactic, blood time every time. just, you know, I pre I I pre pre-cut my lips so that I could, you know, get a little blood time. We had to reset. All right, I write it out some more. Didn't get pinned. We win the team trophy. That's sometimes what it takes, Gavin, right there. But so that's my my limited knowledge of wrestling. But watching Jacks, it is just like &gt;&gt; it doesn't feel like this kid is doing anything different. It's just like whenever like you watch NCAAS and they're so defensive, they're so good at not letting anybody touch their legs, you know? It's like often that's how the match goes. But it's like Jax just somehow he gets in on a shot anytime he wants and then also puts him down. Like it is crazy to watch. But I always shout out Joey Blaze, too. Do you watch any Joey Blaze? &gt;&gt; I watch him a little bit. Yeah. &gt;&gt; I like any college wrestler really. Like to get to that point, &gt;&gt; you have to be h like have some some dog in you, you know? Uh it's just I I just appreciate wrestling a lot more than uh jiu-jitsu. No offense, guys. &gt;&gt; Yeah. No offense to our strictly jiu-jitsu audience. &gt;&gt; We talk about this all the time, too. The culture is different. &gt;&gt; Yeah. the crucible that those guys have to go through to get to where they are is much tougher, you know, just to get out of high school into a good college. I mean, you're the rarest of the rare there, you know, and then to go from a D1 school to international, you are even rarer. So, uh, and yeah, they they push each other really hard to do that. &gt;&gt; Much much more of a hard hat and lunch pale type of culture in wrestling. You know, it's like I'm showing up to work. I'm doing hard work. Stuff like that &gt;&gt; because that's the base of it. forget all the technique and also the stuff that we like to see and all the nuance which comes out but again it's without that base level of I win because I'm effortful that doesn't happen you know and they really understand that and uh they because they live it and you see it expressed through all of them you know what I mean even the ones that have like bad attitudes and shit they're still working hard &gt;&gt; yeah for sure Joey Blae uh he he's a he does jiu-jitsu too I think he's a purple belt he cross trains with Max and Dante actually uh in Toledo so that's why I always shout out Joey Blae you know that's pretty sick a guy and sometimes you see it in his in his wrestling. You know, he'll kind of he'll like get like a weird little butterfly hook or something and it's like, "Oh shit, that's a little bit of that jiu-jitsu influence." So, &gt;&gt; I've been I've been fortunate enough to work a little bit with Helen Moris cuz she grew up 20 minutes from my gym. &gt;&gt; That's incredible. &gt;&gt; Come visit the family. I do like privates with her. She comes in and I make sure she's like isolated, no one bugs her. And she is a phenomenal athlete. I would give three fingers to be her coach. I, you know, I got to touch a little bit of that. You know what I mean? &gt;&gt; For sure. Well, you know, I appreciate you guys coming in talking to us some more. I think you guys are definitely like super interesting, you know, like whether it be you and DeAndre or all the stuff you're doing, Greg, you know, so I appreciate you guys taking the time to talk with me and all this. Clear some of the air. We probably didn't get into all the nitty-gritty, you know, but maybe we'll have you on. This was I'll say this is ecological 101 for everybody. We just touched the surface here and we might have to bring you back on and uh we'll dive deep into, you know, the advanced courses. &gt;&gt; The uh the people asking me the same question a thousand times or what's making everyone hate me. I've already done like 30 podcasts on the thing. I don't mind doing more. You're awesome. This place is cool. I had a blast. It was, you know, anytime people like you give us a platform to talk to each other and to share ideas and to be ourselves on camera. It's It's lovely, man. So, thank you. &gt;&gt; Yeah, of course. &gt;&gt; Appreciate it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Thanks for coming in. For everyone watching, you know, make sure you tune in know32. DeAndre is going to be out there. Got a crazy bracket, a bunch of cool stuff going down. So, Tuesday, March 31st, we'll see you guys there. And I'll see everybody in the next episode.