Kind: captions Language: en What's up everybody? We're here in South Wales for Polaris 35. It's been 10 years since Polaris was on flow grappling. Polaris was actually the first event on flow grappling [music] and then you know it was a long dark time but it's finally returned home here to flow. And I want to give you guys a little bit of a refresher on how Polaris worked and what you can expect this weekend at Polaris 35. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; World class wrestling action live from Wales [music] and exclusive on Wrestling.com. So to kick it off, let's talk a little bit about the card that's going down here at Polaris 35. They got a bunch of super fights going on on the prelims. Those are going to be free on YouTube. Then the main car is going to feature two super fights [music] and a teams, they call it squads here, a squads matchup against team WNO and team Polaris. We're going a little battle of the brands for this one. Let's talk about the super fights first. In the first super fight, we're going to see Adele Fornino going up against Selma Vic. Obviously, you guys know Adele Fornino, ADCC double gold champ, one of the biggest stars in the sport of grappling right now. She's going to go up against Selma Vic. Selma [music] Vic is a Norwegian grappler, a little bit more of an upandcomer, but she's a veteran here on the Polaris [music] stage. I'm excited for that one. We got a little Australia versus Norway in that one. But in the other super fight where we are going to see Levi Jones Liry, the current Polaris middleweight champion going up against Davis Assari. Davis is the challenger in this one. Another Norwegian grappler. Like I said, a little theme here in the super fights. And you know, Davis is a little more wrestling based, a little more he likes to play a top game, you know, put the pressure down. Levi, we know he's a guard player, but I feel like we [music] might see an evolved game from Levi a little bit. maybe a chance for him to kind of show off what he's, you know, been working on, how he's progressed [music] his games since we last saw him at CGI 1. We haven't seen Levi since CGI one. So, I couldn't be more stoked to see [music] Levi compete again. And then let's move into the team's matchup. [music] Is that &gt;&gt; here at Polaris? They're I think one of the best promotions currently doing team events. I think they've kind of figured out some really cool stuff here with the squads. This is how it works. There's going to be two 45minute halves. So, it's kind of more like a like a soccer game or you know, I guess football if you will, but it's like a soccer game where there's a 45minute half, a halftime, and then a 45minute [music] half. In that half, there are fiveminute matches. So each team sends out one of their guys, those guys have [music] a match. If it ends in decision, the winner of the match gets one point. If it ends in submission, that's two [music] points. But if there's a weight discrepancy where if there's a - 80 guy going up against a - 95 kilo guy, then that person gets a bonus points at his three points if [music] they win. So that's kind of generally how it works. It's just 5 minute matches over and over until they reach that 45minut time limit with 30 seconds break in between matches. The winner stays on. So that's a fun aspect of this where we can just see these guys kind of, you know, squad wipe the whole team resets and now everyone's back available again. They send out some more guys. [music] So that's generally how the team matchup is going to work. All right, let's get into who's actually on each squad. We're going to see team WO going up against team Polaris, a battle of the brands to find out which promotion is actually [music] best. On team Wo, we're going to have Dvonte Johnson, Lucas LRA, Chris Wchic, Gavin [music] Corby, DeAndre Corby, and Declan Moody. And then on team Polaris, we're going to see Santi, Taylor Pman, Owen O' Flanigan, Owen Jones, Mum, and Lucas Canard. Two obviously stacked teams, and that means that we got the potential for insane matches. You're telling me that we could see Owen O Flanigan go up against Gavin Corby. We can see DeAndre Corby going up against Santi. It's just stuff you don't normally get to see, and that's one of the best things about these team events where you can see crazy matchups that would never happen otherwise. And you know, [music] overall, I'm just super stoked for Polaris to be back on Flow Grappling. I'm stoked to be here in person. It's my first time in person out of Polaris. I think it's gonna be an incredible night. [music] We got the teams event, the super fights, all the prelims. It's going to be electric the whole way through. So, make sure you guys are [music] tuned in cuz it's going down Saturday. If you're central time, I think it's at like 9:00 a.m. So, [music] wake up, grab a coffee, start watching jiu-jitsu. There's nothing better than that. And I'll see you guys there.