Kind: captions Language: en [Music] [Applause] ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the most anticipated Brazilian jiu-jitsu event of the year, the IBJJF Crown. Tonight, 24 of the world's best jiu-jitsu athletes will put their worldclass skills to the test here in Long Beach, California to determine who will be crowned. Without further ado, let's get into our first division of the event. The first division will be the women's lightweight division. Introducing the athlete in the blue ghee representing Czech Matt, Natalie Himeo. [Applause] And introducing the athlete in the white key representing Gracie. Oh my god. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] has had her best results as a competitor. [Applause] Here we go. Match one. Wow. Beautiful ankle pick there from Tata. Two points for Natalie Hiro to start this match. That is an aggressive start for Natalie, who we know is an incredible guard player. We often see her playing on bottom, but she opts to come straight into the top position. She is exposed here with that right arm. She's watching that right arm as Jenna works out to her side guard. She has an incredible slew of attacks from her side guard. So Natalie Barber really recomposing herself to stay safe. Some great attacks from the guard. likes to use the lapel a lot, not just to hold the position and sweep, but she actually likes to use it to get into some really unique submission attacks, too. Yeah, I believe we saw Janina use a very similar attack style off of the takedown of Fon Davis at the World Championships last year and Fion was able to escape and overcome and win that match, but uh not without some danger. Janena is very dangerous from her sideguard position where like you said, Danny, she goes into sweeps and submissions. That's what makes that that kind of a situation, you know, very Shanji Habro style makes that situation very dangerous because in defending submissions, you open up sweeps and in defending sub the sweeps, you open up submissions, which we're seeing right here, right now. Yeah, that's a great point because I feel like Jenna does such a great job of that. She uses her lapel setups not only to sweep, like you said, but also to submit and the competitor on top has to be very weary of both sweep and submission now. Heat. Heat. by she's still on the trying to jump over [Applause] angle and steps over Janena's body. She's almost in a fully reverse mount here now. But the arm, there is a little bit of extension there. This is a very dangerous position. And still she's hanging on. Wow. Hadley gets out. Unbelievable. Unbelievable sequence there. Wow, what an amazing attack from the close guard by Jenna. Walking her legs up the whole time. Looks like she was trying to get that angle from the start of the match. As soon as she got to her closed guard and that looked really tight, Kendall, well, what's interesting is she went over the top for a bump sweep, right? She really got a big she almost looked to go to the mount switch to the arm stay ted and then as she came back up on her knees that arm bar came on but wow a lot of resilience and tenacity there a lot of times when you lose the arm in that position you end up getting stacked you end up getting your guard pass but came right back on the attacker that was near sequence from both attacks I mean, the defense from Natalie was absolutely incredible. You got to be wondering how Natalie's arms doing there. I mean, that was what a way to start the crown again. That was that was amazing. That was a little bit more into into the game that we've known come to known her for. passing lapels under the leg. [Music] Inverting here onto that far leg, looking to get extension to either go to the knee bar or come up for the sweep. But Natalie Habbero doing a great job putting weight on that left leg and now bringing that left knee down to the mat, which is going to keep her left leg from being elevated. So that keeps her in a much safer position where Janea can't go underneath that left leg where she can if Natalie's left foot is on the mat. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] So mentioned in the intro is that these two attack. Wow. Solid position here for Jenna. She's got the seat belt. Wow. Big sequence here for Tata. potentially a big score. [Music] TA gets two more points on the board. Now, this is a very interesting turn of events because Janina has four advantages. She's had a lot of almost submissions, almost scores. But that resilience from Tata in that part of the match where she almost had her back taken but ended up two more [Music] [Applause] from a local crowd here for Tata Hiro. Natalie doing some great work from top position here. Almost passing the guard there. Very interesting match from a scoring perspective too. Like you mentioned Natalie up four points but Jana has those four advantages. So Jaya is going to need to do more than just sweep. She needs to get on top and and sweep and pass the guard or even try and attack another submission from her back. Well, what's interesting about [Music] almost times almost taking the back almost without a different kind that's wearing That's not easy. Danger for beautiful sweep by Jenna Lebre. Comes up on top. That's a sweep she's used a lot in competition. Looks like Natalie maybe trying to get to the 50/50 now. Opens her leg. Looks like she'll try and disengage from that position. Set up a different type of guard. Yeah, it's interesting with 50/50. really want uh Tata would typically look to put Janaya's leg on the other side of her hip so that she'd be safe from a leg drag type pass or a back take here where Janena can dive underneath which is what we're starting to see an attempt of. Good position here from Jenna Lebre. Looks like she has both of her hooks inside Natalie's legs going to try to climb her grips up. Starting to get her first hook in. Bata turns around. Wow, big rotation there. The recovery there from Natalie Hero. Again, a very dangerous position from Jana turned in to a scoring position from Natalie Hero. Yeah, that's two more points for Natalie. Now she's up 62. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Seven minutes into this one. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] I think she may now the dangerous guard of Janina and Jana is firing off these attacks quickly. Almost up to their feet there for a second, but I think that was smart by Janena to stay seated on the ground because of that early taked down from Tata. It's not a necessarily a position that she wants to go back to. Well, like you mentioned, Jenna is just firing off these attacks from bottom head. that arm bar just went for a triangle. It's being very, very aggressive from bottom positions. Really fun to watch. And like you said, Danny, it's really not often that we see athletes with a 3-2 record against each other, right? Typically, when we see athletes with this many repeat matches, one person is severely dominant compared to the other. The fact that they are three and two and looking to even out that 3-3 score. It It's It is with the with the two wins. Is that correct? Yes. Yes. So, she's looking to even out that pretty [Applause] have a good such able to stay strong [Applause] leading off these ts. Jenn has been very impressive from her guard, but Natalie's defense has just been incredible. She was in some very tough positions. Always recovered. Always got to a position where she was ready to attack again and was able to score those those points off those sweeps. Yeah. I mean, what's incredible about this match is this could be the finals of any major competition in the world. All right. This these are two of the most dangerous women in the world. We see Janena on a knee bar attempt here. She is underneath. Looks like she's lost a bit of the knee line. Tata looks fairly comfortable in this position. She doesn't look too worried. attack [Music] there when you're behind this much on points. But if Tata showed us anything today is that she is not going out a bit more of a dangerous position to get a submission on Natalie Habbero. 20 seconds here left on the clock. Jenny, it looks like she's trying to adjust the grip. Maybe go for the knee bar. Can't can't see if she has the knee line. Kendall, bit of a sideways knee bar there. And I'm not sure if we have I'm not sure if we have a submission there or if they have potentially a disqualification. It looked like she was going for a knee bar. It's a little bit hard to see from our angle. There's about 13 seconds left. This match is going to come to an end. Yeah. I'm not sure if there was a a grip. Oh, yeah. So, there was a grip here. Shown to be illegal by the referee. McN representing B. [Applause] What an incredible way to start the crowd. That was an amazing match. Submission attempts, defense, sweeps, takedowns. That that match had a little bit of everything. Kendall, that could have been our finals match here tonight for sure. I mean, the ladies definitely set the expectations for the rest of the show here. We are going to be back shortly with match two. Don't go anywhere. We are going to be right back to get right into the next match here at the Crown at the Pyramid in Long Beach, California. Nobody's [Music] And now for the second fight in the women's lightweight. division in the blue key representing Octo Jiujitsu, Louisa Monttero. Louisa Montero, twotime world champion, ninetime pan champion. She's won every major title of the game. She's had two matches with Briana this year in 2023. One at the Rosalos where she won by points, one pounds where she lost by submission. This has been on for a long time. as they fought in the world. And now introducing the athlete in the white tea representing Brazilian Top Team, Briana St. Marie. [Applause] [Music] into the major key tournaments in 2023. It was really fun to watch just watching her convert all her techniques that she's been so so successful with the noi to the key and we are underway. And this is a really exciting match. Like you were saying Danny, we have two ladies with two matches under their belts against each other. first referee's decision and then had a big submission. We know of Louisa Monttero where Louisa suffered an injury. So, it very interesting to see these two back. Lisa has lately been talking about how absolutely happy, excited, and thrilled she is to be in this event. So, I think we're in to see probably the best Louisa we've seen in quite a while. And I'm very excited about that. And she puts two points on the board to set that off. We had of course the advantage uh on the board for Pana San Marie coming up off the double guard pull and Louisa answers here with those two points. That was a really beautiful sweep. Foot in the bice bicep, gets to the Xguard, collects both ankles, comes up on top. This is a very beautiful position. Louisa having her left hand first on that pant grip and now switching on the near the ankle and then switching to near the butt where she can really control Bana St. Marie's hips. And in that position, she actually opted now we're seeing to sit over the top and come into an attacking position of her own. Maybe okay with accepting bottom position in order to attack the leg, which is a little bit of what we're seeing here. Although Brianna's doing a great job of trying to exit her foot from the grip of Louisa Montter by scooting her butt backwards, right? We know Louisa has an incredible to hold the knee bar game and so often times when she sucks a leg in like that is a very dangerous position for the opponent. They'll try to just scoot their hips out immediately. But when they do that they leave themselves in a bit of a precarious position as far as passing goes because now as Louisa comes up on top the hips were already back. She's able to kind of flatten those knees of Briana St. Marie together which gives her a better opportunity to pass. Lose on top and the bluegie up two points over Briana St. Brown in one of her favorite positions from the bottom, the half guard. She's got some really, really good sweeps from here. Some good back attacks. And right now, she's fighting for some grips to try and set up a better better position for her half guard. Yeah, very smart position here from Briana attacking the sleeve of Louisa with her left hand. You'll see that hand, she can use that to pull, but that's also Louisa's main pass guard from. So Louisa pulls that collar up and puts Briana flat on her back which gives her a better option to start passing. So Brana was trying to break that grip and control that wrist so Louisa can use that to attack. Brian doing such a great job staying on her side, not getting flat. You can tell she's very experienced from this half guard position from bottom. Brown actually likes half guard. We see her playing half guard a lot. She has a really great John Wayne sweep and we may see some of that tilting action from her soon, but she opts to switch off to more of a traditional de la Heiva here. Controlling the ankle with her left hand and has a very strong hook with her left foot. Doing a good job keeping Louisa's right foot off the mat, keeping it elevated, trying to keep her off balance. Now Louisa stands up on both feet. [Music] Now Louisa trying to pass the other side of the half guard on Brianna St. Marie. Louisa kind of opting to switch between a smash style and a knee cut style. We see her left knee maneuvering and her left hand move to the panc grip if she can press the leg away with her left hand. She can bring her left knee up and switch to a knee cut or she can staple the knees down together and be more of a smash pass. So playing off of those playing those two off of each other is a really really smart move by Louis and I've seen her pass many people's cards the same exact way. Good job by Louisa avoiding the closed guard. Looked like Briana wanted to shoot her hips up and forward to try and get to the closed guard, but Louis did such a great job keeping her left knee forward, staying out of that position. Seen a lot more of this battle that you talked about earlier, Kendall, with Louisa trying to control that collar. Brianna trying to fight that grip. Stay on her side. Louisa trying to put her flat. Now, this is a different position, Danny. Look at how that color grip has now shifted to behind the neck of Briana where now Louisa when she rolls that arm through like we're seeing her forearm starts pushing Brianna's face the opposite direction. Anytime Brianna's facing Louisa on her side, she has a lot more she's made more options and a lot more safety. But when Louisa turns her face away and it puts Brianna flat on her back, makes it very difficult for Brianna's knees and hips to stay in position. Right? The spine is now twisted. So very big positional change from Louisa. Even though sometimes it doesn't seem like a lot has changed or a lot has moved in the match, what she's created here is a different level of dominance, right? And now she can start inching closer and closer towards the pass. But Briana's still fighting hard to keep a lot of space. She has that right hand on the collar. If you notice, she's rocking Louisa back and forth. So she's not only trying to create space, but she's creating off balance, which opens up guard recoveries. And we've just seen that now. seems like she's doing a really good job with that right knee for knee shield to try and keep some space too. Can you talk about that a little bit, Kendall? Yeah, that right knee is really what's keeping her between the like keeping her guard and being smashed. But as I say that, that knee shield gets kind of taken out of the equation. And it looks like Briana has now turtled partially I think by being forced to turtle by Louisa, but also as a last resort to not get your guard pass. We actually see Briana score a lot from here. She has that lapel pass through and she can roll through here and come out to the back side or she could have potentially come out more like a classic wrestling style to the back of the turtle of Louisa. So Briana is not out of the equation here. She can definitely score from this position. Looks like she's got a really deep bite with her right leg on Louisa's left leg. Now she's moving down to a lock down here with that leg and using that to extend Louisa with the right hand coupled on that on that pant that pant leg. She now has control of both of Louisa's legs. So, while Louisa is still heavy here on top, she's still very strong here because her right leg is over the top of the body rather than on the other side of Brianna's body. She is definitely um in a bit of a pickle here as far as her balance. But Briana's arm, her left arm is or now her right arm is stopping Louisa's leg from coming back over the head. Two nothing. Luis Monto who's on top representing Ottos in the blue ghee. Brianna St. Marie on bottom in the half guard position in the white. Brianna also has two advantages and a penalty. Now we see this big sweep here from Briana, but her leg is also exposed. We could see a knee bar attack there from Louisa Montero. We saw a bit of an extension there. Not quite enough to get a tap, but she does get pole and not necessarily to We know that Louisa never stops the action, right? She has the pant grip with her left hand. She's still looking in on her attack. She has the lasso with her right foot, so she can still off balance and score from here. But it's definitely a safer position than jockeying for top position. Briana who and we know both of these ladies um have very very strong guards, right? So for Louisa to end up on top in that position and let Brianna pole could have been a very tricky position for her. So yeah, I think strategically that was brilliant. This is a good position for her to sweep, but it's also like you mentioned a good position for Louisa to control Briana. And with the clock winding down, I feel like Louisa is in the driver's seat in this match. Yeah, it looks like Brianna has sat back to look to some attacks. She knows that passing in that short of a time is going to be difficult. So, she doesn't mind Louisa coming up on top and gaining two points if it allows her the opportunity to attack her own submissions. But because the leg is on this side of the body, Louisa's right leg is on that side of the body, she can use this to go into a leg drag, rather than her leg being on the side it is now, where Briana has passed it over in a traditional 50/50 where Brianna's guard is much safer and it takes a lot longer to pass from there. But Briana now also looking to expose the back. But Louisa is going to get the win in the rubber match of 2023. Amazing technical match between Louisa Montero and Brianna St. Marie. Yeah, that's a big comeback match for Louisa, right? Two losses to Brianna St. Marie comes back with the win and she will move on to the finals where she is going to face Natalie Hibbero in our women's lightweight division. And your winner is Louisa Monttero representing Octo. Big win there for Louisa Montero. She will move on to the finals. Now we are going to go to a quick commercial break. So don't go anywhere. We'll be right back because we are going to get started with our men's featherweight division. We have Samuel and the guy versus Diego Pto. This is Kendall Rooing and Daniel O'Donnell calling the action. We'll see you back here in just a moment. Yeah, it move. Go [Music] a [Music] What a way to kick off the crowd. We had Natalie Barrow win. Introducing the athlete in the blue knee representing check match Samuel Nai 2022 three featherweight world champion Sam Nai comes into this bracket as one of four world champions in this featherweight division. What an incredible bracket. Yeah, whenever we get a bracket composed of all world champions, we can't complain. And look at his energy as the guy is running around the mat. We got some great music going on in the pyramid today and he is ready to go. I remember his song came on earlier while we were testing out our sound and he was ready to fight. Then he was jumping around. He was like, "Let me add him." Introducing the athlete in the white representing art of jiujitsu, Diego P. Two-time light featherweight world champion Diego Pau steps up to the plate here at the crown, enters the featherweight division, goes up a weight class, and he's going to face Sam Nai for the first time in his black belt career. Very, very interesting stylistic match up here. And look at the energy from both of these guys. I have a feeling this is the kind of match you only get to see in an event like the Crown where we handpick our most exciting dominant athlete and we match him up in the first round. I mean, where else do you get to see that? This is definitely one of those dream matchups that materialized here at the Crown [Music] and I can't wait to see it. All right, let's make some predictions. Danny, we having some guard pulls. Oh, we had a pull from there from PO, but also a reach from Nai. Oftent times we don't know how the refs are going to see those. Was it a takedown first or a pull? But clearly we have the vote of a pole was initiated before there was a reach on the leg. So P here in bottom position and the guy on top 000 on the board. This is the battle I was really looking forward to in this match. P on bottom playing his guard has such a good lasso. such good flexibility and dexterity in his legs to play guard and Sam is just so explosive and dangerous on top. Yeah, I really love the way that Pto switches between guards. I mean, you really never know what's coming. He will throw up these uh spider hooks and start off balancing people who go back to his deal. He has his last one on his right side and you can hardly defend one guard before he's switching to another. He's consistently off balancing people. So, it's really creates a lot of anxiety for somebody on top because there's really nobody there's nowhere safe to go. There's nowhere safe to settle in. And that's exactly what we're seeing here. Poto's opening up that left knee and starting to off balance with that lasso. And then he goes back to the other side. And the guy does an excellent job there trying to throw the legs by, keeping his hands on the pant leg so that those lassos can't go deeper. But it's a lot of energy expenditure with very little reward when you don't get those lasso hooks removed. Yeah, Sam basically just trying to remove his hands from these lasso grips. Circle out, make PO switch to a different type of guard. There he goes. Now he's got Now there's that disconnection that he was looking for, but Po with a big overhead position there. Almost gets to a sweeping position. What makes Sam Sam so dangerous, excuse me, on top is he's able to pass to both directions. He can use both of his passes that he likes to do. those throw by passes, long steps, leg drags. He has him from both sides, so he's able to attack Pau's guard from many different angles. Now, we've seen a switch from PO here with opening up that lapel. So, this is a bit of a different look. He opened up that lapel. We saw the same kind of guard play from Jean Lee earlier on in the tournament. And the beautiful thing about that position is that it can lead to knee bars. can lead to back attacks, but it also creates such a tricky guard to pass that your opponent on top while they're moving back and forth and they're spending a lot of energy. They're not really inching closer to the pass until they get rid of that lapel position. Actually, has so much experience with these lapel positions. Starts to invert. Looks like he might come up. PO gets on top. Scores the first two points of this match. Now he has two points, but look at that pant grip from Sam Nagai. I mean, that is not a comfortable position to come up on top and because with that pant grip and with control of that top ankle, very difficult for PO to establish top position because he can't come up to that right foot. Yeah, that's such a great point. Sam established those double pant grips. Made it much more difficult for PO to establish a good gu a good passing position in Sam's guard on top. Two minutes into this match, Diego Pau leading two nothing over Sam Nai in this men's featherweight semi-final at the crown. Both athletes have had incredible years. They both won world titles in 2023. Sam won his first world title in the featherweight division. Pau won his second as a light featherweight. We've seen the guy maintain those double pant grips this entire time. He hasn't switched those grips at all, which again, we can see PO trying to come up on top and establish this top position, but he's not able to bring his feet or his knees to the mat. So, it keeps him stuck in this double-seated position. Now, PO is very um good at this double double-seated position, but it leads you to being swept a little bit more easily. So now we see Sam return the position, come up on top, and even the scoreboard out at two points each. I think we were expecting a really even match coming into it, and so far it's proved to be just that. Four minutes in, this match is dead even at two points a piece. I think what's exciting about these two guys is that when you get matches where people are super even, super close and level, often times those matches are not exciting because they kind of kill each other's games. And it's not anything against the athletes, it's just what happens, right? But with these guys, somehow they are dead even and they are still extremely exciting. The energy they bring is just incredible. We can see that not only in the athletes, but in the crowd, in the fans that are here, and in the coaches corners for sure. That's such a great point. These guys, they don't rest when they score points. They're just trying to advance their position at all times. And no point is scored safely, right? Even when they try to come up and score, the other person is still attacking from the bottom. A lot of times we see when people come up and score two points or there's something put on the scoreboard, the other person kind of conces the position. They may take some time to kind of settle themselves out, take a few deep breaths. But I think what is brilliant about these guys is they know that the mental battle that goes on between athletes when somebody scores, but they don't quite establish and you don't feel that break in your opponent on the other end. It is not the same kind of win as when you come up and you can feel that brokenness because that changes the energy of the match, right? So, when you don't feel that, you're still on edge even with points on the board. Right. Ken, I want to ask you about this straight foot lock that Sam's going for. Looks like he has a pretty good bend in P's foot and he doesn't hasn't wanted to let go of it for the past, I don't know, about 30 seconds. Do you think that's something that P has to be really wary of? I think that PO needs to be wary of it, but not in the current position that they are in. Right. Because what we're going to see now is Sam is trying to turn his knees out to the right side and get more of an extension where we typically see people go belly down. But we're seeing uh Sam trying to force that position and PO answering by continuing to turn his knee back in. So there's not enough torque yet to create serious danger. But it's one of those positions you don't want to relax in because if the angle changes just a bit, then that all changes. 6 minutes in now, still all tied up at two points a piece. Help scored the first points with the sweep. Sam answered right back. This is a bigger extension now. Now we see some real extension of Pau's foot. Interesting enough, we don't see any expression on PO's face. So, it's hard to say with the advantage battles here what the refs end up deciding um if it was enough to put an advantage or you know an almost submission on the board. But the position that Sam had on the foot there was really impressive and he does score the advantage because he got big foot extension. It wasn't ankle extension because that's hard to gauge. But when you can see a foot really stretch because his toes were really high up in the armpit rather than just the ankle, that's when those positions start to become more advantage scoring or more realistic and that's what we saw. But Sam Nagai here coming up to the top position looking unfaced has one advantage on the board in three minutes. PO did have a great poker face. Of course, he has great leg locks himself. So, I'm sure he's used to having his legs attacked, but didn't look like that. Put him in too much danger, but Sam did get the advantage for it and gives him the lead in the match. Yeah, we have a huge crowd here for Sam Nagai. Big checkmat presence in the audience. We also heard them really loud and proud for Natalie Habo earlier this afternoon. But as I say that, we hear a big crowd entering for PO as PO comes up on top, puts two points on the board. Now, this is difficult here because PO came up, added two points on, took a 4-2 lead, but then sits right back down as Sam returns the sweep and still has that now four to four on the board, but one advantage. So, there's only two minutes left. It's a, you know, there's only so many sweeps that can go back and forth in two minutes. Such good control with that lapel. grabbed around his right leg. Sam is not an easy person to sweep, but when you do sweep him, as we've seen, he can sweep you right back. Yep. And this is the kind of thing for Sam, too, with this advantage lead and being in the top position. What's going through the mind of an athlete is I just need to finish on top, right? There may be more sweeps exchanged, but it's a tricky game to play. If you allow yourself to get swept, and then you can't come back because the person on top knows that they need to stay on top to win, then you gave up the match. But at the same time, staying in the top position for two minutes plus with a guard player like Hatau who's incredible sweeper is a big ass. How does he think? So you'll see athletes actually elect to go back on bottom knowing that they're going to be able to relax and conserve some energy and then come back on top at the end. But clearly what we're seeing from Sam Guy is not that he knows. He respects the passing and the base of Padzo and how difficult it might be to sweep him back. So look how he's really keeping his base strong to stay on top as Poto throws a multitude of attacks at him. He has that lapel wrapped around Sam's left leg and he's creating a lot of offbalancing. Even looking in on this plata here creating some really good angles from bottom position keeping Sam off balance. This is a dangerous position because PO can go not only to the LLA like we saw but he can also go to a knee bar. He can also pass the leg over his head like he just did and go behind and look to the back. But oftent times even if he doesn't finish with the back position, this can be used to get enough extension to sweep and come up on top. But he has that pant grip on the left side and he's using that to come up. He is looking to finish on top, but his leg was stuck. had his leg. Now dives for the leg. This is a tricky move cuz he could finish on bottom and he may not have an opportunity to come back up. But Po comes up all the way on top as Sam dived through for that leg. He's now going to score two points, but only if the submission risk is not being seen by the referees. To hold on to that ankle lock. If this is seen as an ankle lock by the referees, there will not be points. But if that is freed, there will be two points put on the board. And there are five seconds left. Nai looks like he's still putting enough pressure to have it be a submission in play. And he's going to finish. This match goes down to the wire with an extra advantage as well for that ankle lock. and he is going to take the win in an exhilarating finish of a match here. What a match to move forward into the finals. What a huge win between two world champions. Sam Ngai comes out on top. Sam Nai, the ability of him to wrap that full lock up and to be mindful of holding on to it and and making sure that he was actually attacking the submission while Pto came up on top was brilliant. It's a risky move because if the referees think that the angle is off and they don't think this is the right angle like they can call the points then there. It's not just for holding the holding the foot. It has to be a real threat. So that was really really expert work there from Sam Nai and a lot of heart shown by Pau doing his best to score at the end. But not enough this time around and Sam Nai is going to take the win. 2023 featherweight world champion Sam Nai advances to the crown featherweight bracket. He's going to take on the winner of Isaac Dodeline and Fabricio Andre. Coming up next. [Music] [Applause] So, we got a replay coming up. Sam, the guys win over Diego Pau. We thought that was going to be a close match coming into it and it was definitely a close match. Sam winning by those two advantages. Both scored a pair of sweeps. Put it at 4-4. Sam with that brilliant strategic decision at the end to hold on to that foot lock, make sure he was attacking the foot and avoiding those sweep points by Diego Poto at the end. Yeah. And I think again one of the incredible things to note about these two guys is how close they are in ability, but how exciting the match was. They didn't stall out each other's game. A match like that could have easily gone into like stalling out each other's positions, but they kept it exciting. The crowd loved it. And we have our first finalist in the men's featherweight division. And we're gonna find out who is going to be in the in the finals on the other side between the match between Isaac Dodeline and Fabricio Andre which we are about to see right here at the pyramid in Long Beach, California. And now for the second fight in the men's featherweight division, representing Aliance, Isaac Dordine. [Applause] myself. [Music] [Applause] Come on. And introducing the athlete in the white ghee representing Ali Aliance, Fabricio Andre. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] You say [Music] world two world champions. about to show down in our featherweight semi-final. Winner of this match will face 2023 featherweight world champion Sam Nai in the crowns featherweight final. Hokagi starts us off with his signature move. Isaac sits right to his guard. Such a dangerous position for Isaac Dodeline. He's got great omladas, great foot locks that he sets up from his guard. He's been a black belt since 2014. So Isaac has a ton of experience complete competing at the black belt level. I remember being in the pyramid right here where we are right now when he won his first world championship after trying hard for so many years. I mean that was one of the most emotional moments we've seen here in the pyramid. And yeah, he won it on his sixth sixth try, excuse me. That's that's a pretty incredible feat. You don't see that very often. And you know, it's one of the reasons he actually talks about being natural, I think, so much is he's he discusses this a lot on social media and in interviews, going up against guys that he uh feels are maybe not natural, right? That's a big debate here and uh in the jitsu world. And he's like, "Look, you can do it no matter what." It took me six tries and here I am. We made it happen. It was a big emotional day and it's something really special. Conversely, Fabricio Andre won a black belt world title on his first try in 2021, which was pretty incredible in dramatic fashion, getting a triangle submission in the final. Big contrast. Yes, very big contrast. Almost opposites in a lot of ways. Absolutely. Yeah, we're right in here, like you said, with Isaac Donan's guard. He has such a dangerous open guard. We see he has a bit of a shallow lasso on his left side, and I believe he has the same on the right side. Hard to see from our angle, but Oh, no. He has that right leg kind of going inside now either to a spider grip and kind of opt to go either to spider or he can go back into that double shallow lasso. So we're seeing a bit of a double shallow lasso here. And this position is really dangerous. Like you said, he has beautiful platas triangles, but we also know that often times when he attacks the upper body, it leads him into off balances that open up the lower body and then he has really savage foot locks and and uh leg attacks from there too. So just such a great diverse guard player. where Isaac Doine is. Yeah, I love how you brought that up. How his upper body attacks will lead him to the lower body because I think Fabricio does a great job. He's always in this low squat position makes it really difficult for his opponents to play Dele Heiva to get into foot locks or toe holds or any lower body attack. So, I think that's going to be a really interesting battle we're going to see in this match. Now, if you notice now, as soon as Fabric Andre freed his left arm, he moved his hand to the foot of Isaac Dodeline to control the toes rather than the pant grip, which is a really interesting distinction. And then opted to switch off of the foot to break the collar grip of Isaac Dodline that Isaac had with his right hand. So, he's doing a good job not letting Isaac either use it the right foot to control the posture or the right hand on the collar to control the posture because for guard passers, one of the biggest obstacles of course to that they have to contend with is the posture being broken down before they can really attempt their pass. And now that his posture is free, we see Fabricio trying to stand up really tall and start to get the position that he needs to bring his pressure back in. Hard to bring that pressure in when your posture is already broken because you're out of strong position. So he broke that up. He came up nice and tall and then he started to come back in. But Isaac now almost looked at for a second there threatening the closed guard scooping under the leg. Hard to imagine anywhere feels safe when you're in Isaac Darland's guard. Yeah, the threat of the foot lock always has to be something to be concerned about on top. Isaac has submitted some of the best competitors in the world with that straight ankle lock. Something that he's developed over the last couple years. Of course, he's always been able to do it, but he's really been able to bring it to a level where he can submit anyone with it. Now, for a second there, that was a big threat from Frisio Andre. He really committed to that uh head and arm grip from a precarious guard passing position where you wouldn't normally dive for the head and arm, but he did. He was able to use his right hand to push the foot down of Isaac and stepped straight into a very clear knee cut. But it was interesting right as he went into the knee cut, Isaac actually came up to his knee almost like turtling out of the position and reset the guard completely which I don't think many people would be able to do against Fabricio Andre. That was a great move by Isaac. Kind of felt some pressure from Fabricio. Didn't like it, so he just wanted to reset. Now he's back in a more neutral guard position. Four minutes into this featherweight crown semi-final. No score so far. 0. Fabricio Andre on top in the white. Isaac Dodeline on bottom in the blue ghee. First time we've ever seen these two compete. And this is like we mentioned in the intro. This is a match a lot of people wanted to see just because of their styles and how interesting of a contrast and style this matchup really is. We see Fabricio Andre looking to use that left foot to break the grip of Isaac Dodline. So he's stomping down on that leg and then as they reset hops over the legs of Isaac Dodeline. Not clearing his way to the pass just yet, but definitely keeping himself out of being re out of being reentangled into those last positions. It can be so frustrating to move through and pass. Yeah, Fabricio switching sides there, looking to put a little bit of lateral pressure on Isaac's guard. A bit different than what we saw in the first couple minutes of this match. Kendall, you talked earlier in the match about Isaac potentially using these upper body controls, these sleeve grips to maybe get into the lower body, maybe try to get into his ankle lock. Is that something you feel like he's been trying to do, but Fabrisio's just been shutting down? Yeah, it's an interesting question, right? Because Fabriso has, I would say, a pretty unique passing style. You mentioned earlier that he often goes into a low squat. But what we're seeing here that he's doing with Isaac is he's allowing his head to stay low, but his legs to stay straight, so he's really bent over. That means that his upper body, like his elbows and his knees, the connection stays tight. So when he's here, like you mentioned earlier, Danny, in that low squat position or he's standing up, he's keeping his elbows and knees tight no matter what. And what that's doing is that it's preventing Isaac from entering into the legs because there isn't any space in an opening. That's usually the the big risk when you're passing, right? So Fabricio, if he's passing with a classic passing style and is standing up like this, there's space to go in and underneath the legs. But when he keeps his elbow and his and his knees connected so tightly throughout this positions, which again, even right now, you see his left hand going towards that foot, but then his elbow goes back towards his hamstring. So, he's attacking the foot, but he's keeping his elbow nice and tight as well. So, when we're seeing this, it makes it very difficult for Isaac to get off those attacks, like he mentioned. Now Isaac with a cross collar grip with his right hand. Maybe looking for a plot or something where he can break Fabricio's posture a bit more. Fabricio's base on top is just so strong and so solid. Isaac trying to do whatever he can to get an angle to break the posture to do something to set up an attack. Yeah, it's interesting. We still have 000 on the board here with three minutes left, right? Because this is not a match that these guys are going to want to allow to go to referee's decision. So, I think we're going to see a penalty for each of these athletes here for non-activity. And I think this really ups the Annie and the motivation to get some scoring positions to the wing. Yeah, I think we're going to see some more risk taking from both Isaac and Fabricio right now. We hear a lot of calling uh on Isaac Dodland's corner and from his teammates to look for the plat first because he has many chains of attacks and sweeps. So, they're calling for him to look for the PLA first. It looks like that was about to happen. and he started coming out to a side angle trying to expose the arm, but Fabricio Andre pulled his left elbow back and he really kept his arm safe there from that ML attack. Yeah, Isaac's very good at that collar drag, too. And so whenever he has his hand in that cross collar grip, it's very dangerous. Like like you mentioned, there's the plata, there's the collar drag, he does an ankle pick from there. If his opponent tries to back away, he's got a very nice series of attacks from that cross collar grip. Absolutely. Now, the last poses really difficult problems for both the top and the bottom person, right? Because on top, you get really, really stuck and looped into this guard where it doesn't feel like you can really move forward, back, side to side, or you're going to expose yourself no matter where you go, and you're kind of stuck and glued to the person. And you know, with the lasso, that means the leg is coming from the outside to the inside and threading through it. It's like really glues your elbow to their shin. But it also poses an issue for the bottom person for the same reason. Unless you start to remove lassos and start to use at least one of the legs to attack, it's very difficult to use it offensively. So, kind of keeps them glued in the same position. But what we just saw right now is Isaac forgetting the lasso position, almost looking into shooting his hips up and towards force Andre. And we're seeing it again. He can use this position to then turn to the side and sweep. Or sometimes it will lead you into the closed guard, which is of course a devastating position for those that are really dangerous with their closed guards on bottom. creating a bit of a different angle. Now he has a scoop grip on that far leg. Now Isaac's going to be looking to bring this leg, continue to elevate it and bring it over the top of his chest like he is now. And this position will lead him to be able to either go all the way underneath where he puts his head in between Fabricio Andre's legs and look to the back or we know that he can go for platas from here which we see him do often and of course we have the leg attacks as well. Less than a minute left this match all tied up. Both athletes have one penalty. Isaac trying to create some good angles. Now, he's got to be careful though because of the leg on this side. If Friso can close the distance, this also leads to a leg drag. Fabricio is going to be trying to drive his right knee down to the mat. But because of Isaac's foot underneath, he's able to keep extension with that right leg to keep Fabricio's hips away and even off balance him and potentially come up on top and score. Isaac looks like he's trying to set up that foot lock. Yep. He's very Yes, very dangerous with the foot on that side. And that's where the dilemma comes in between the submission and the sweep. And he's going to use both of them to play off each other. It looks like he has a foot his grip here. If he can hip in, he can get some deep extension. Fabricio Andre staying safe enough. Great defense by Fabricio controlling that right leg of Isaac trying to push the foot off the off the hip. Wow. The time will expire here and the score is even. Looks like this match is going to go to a referee's decision. Razor close match there, Kendall, in the second semi-final here in the Crown's featherweight division. Just one penalty a piece, excuse me, two penalties a piece, one advantage a piece for each of these athletes. Going to see our referee's decision here. And it is a split decision win for Isaac Doderline over Fabrici Lingre. Isaac. Isaac Daline advances to the crowns featherweight division. He's going to take on Sam Nai in the final. Those two have had some epic matches in the past. So that is a final that you are not going to want to miss. And we're going to have a replay here in a second where you're going to get to see some of the best moments of the match. But man, what a big win for Isaac Dodline. And like you said earlier, Danny, we've got four world champions in one division and they are firing off in these first round matches. We got Sam Nai now facing Isaac Doderine. And here we're seeing some parts of the match. This is the end of the match where things got really high uh high and spicy. Isaac was able to get some off balance but really start to expose the foot lock that he is so well known for and it doesn't look like it was enough extension to get a grimace out of Fabrico Andre but going into the referee's decision that was probably seen as the most significant part of the match that gave Isaac the edge and we're going to be right back here in just a minute guys don't go anywhere because we are going to start it off with none other than Tinyandra and Pedro Maya and our middleweight semi-final we are moving on to the next division division of six here at the crown. Don't go anywhere. We'll be right back. We are back at the Crown inaugural edition of this event. We've seen some incredible matches so far. We got the middleweight division coming right up. Introducing the athlete in the blue key representing art of jiujitsu, Tyron Delra. Titan Delra, art of jiu-jitsu, about to take the mat. Titan's a two-time world champion, three-time pan champion, twotime European champion, 2023 broilero champion. He's put together a 63 and1 record as a black belt in IGJF competition. Absolutely astounding. Phenomenal stuff. Has about a 70% submission rate. So he's not just winning these titles, he's winning them in dominant fashion. And introducing the athlete in the white representing Six Blades Jujitsu. And here we go. This is Kendall Rousing and Danny O'Donnell calling the action. We have got our first match of the middleweight division here. Tin Dalpra, Pedro, Maya, and Danny, thank you for doing your homework because the amount of knowledge you just spit out. I mean, we know everything we need to know about these guys, their history. For the fans at home, you know, make sure you are following both these guys storylines because we got two incredible athletes on the mat. The interesting thing about watching Tynan is there's this kind of unspoken, well, not really unspoken, a lot of people speak about it, but this unspoken feeling in the room that Tinan can't be beat, right? That is kind of the, you know, always the overlying factor when Tyen is on the mat and it's an interesting place to be because it creates an opportunity for whoever he is fighting to have a huge breakout moment even for those who are already stars. Absolutely. What I'm really looking forward to is Tyler was talking a lot yesterday and in just in the leadup to the event in general about having a more submissionoriented focus for this event and he already submits a lot of people. So, I think it's it could be very interesting to see just what kind of submissions he's going to bring to the table here at the crown. What's interesting about this, we've got Shanji Hiro in Pedro Maya's corner. And we see Tynan using a very Shaniesque style with this side guard reaching over the top of the belt and moving his hips out to the left side. Start to create angles and dilemmas where he can attack the arms. He can attack triangles. You could see his foot, his right foot coming out to the hip so that that foot can be freed. That can be used for triangles. He can of course also move to the back. He can attack sweeps. He can go for platas. I mean, there is just no end to how strong this position is. And it's not normally what we get to see from Titan, right? Pulling straight to close guard and moving off to the side like this is exciting. Yeah, it hasn't been a big staple in his career, but we did see him use this grip of the absolute GP in a super fight with Yan Pikapow. Ended up getting a triangle in that match. So, we'll see if he tries to attack that triangle again, Kendall. Could be interesting. Yeah, it's fun to watch the evolution of an athletes game like that because you're right, we did see that with Jan and using it again onto one of Yan's teammates, interestingly enough. And so, looks like Pedro was able to have the wherewithal to regain his posture, come back into a better, stronger passing position and out of immediate danger. It's very nice work from Pedro. Hard to judge just how difficult that is when you're watching from the outside. But when you're in deep waters like that of someone creating such strong angles and such strong position, that is a big deal to re even out the match this way. Tina now into his exguard, one of his strongest sweeping positions. Gets the leg up on his shoulder. Looks like he's reaching for the far grip. Pedro doing a good job trying to control that right sleeve of Tin to make it more difficult to come up if he were to put Pedro's hips on the mat. Yeah, really nice sweeping motion used by Tynan to bring that foot onto the shoulder. And with that foot onto the shoulder and his left hand onto the lapel, really difficult for Pedro to put weight in his right leg, which is typically what you would want to do in this position is put weight back onto that leg so that you're not as easily elevated this way, but again, very difficult to do because Titan's also using his right leg to monitor the other leg of Pedro to keep him off balance. He uses that to come up on top but does not actually come up on top into a sweeping position as Pedro comes back up on top quickly. Beautiful sequence there. Titan almost came up for the sweep. Pedro reversed it right back. Yeah, Ernest. Yeah, absolutely. I mean, that's kind of what we were talking about earlier with Sam the guy and um Diego Pau where even if they're the scorer, no one is really settling into a accepting a scoring position, right? They're always fighting no matter what. And so, not only does that not put points on the board sometimes, but it also keeps the person who potentially just got scored on really in the game, really in the mix. And that's a really big deal mentally, right? I think that's important when you're watching from the outside to know that that's a big deal mentally for athletes to not have that score go on the board, to regain your position, and to feel like, no, I'm still in this. I did not give that spot up. And for the person who was on the attack in that scenario, it can be quite frustrating, right? because you're like, "Wait, I thought I was going to score and now we're here back in the same position again and okay, I got to try something new or I got to go one more time. I had all that effort and didn't get it going." But as we know, Tyan Delpra is the legend. He is for a reason. He is calm and comfortable in these kinds of scenarios and he is straight into firing off attacks once again. Yeah, he's right back into those leg entanglements trying to get to that Xguard where he's swept almost everyone he's competed against. Pedro, like we talked about earlier, has just had such an impressive year, given Titan some amazing matches, had some of the best submissions we've seen so far in 2023. He's always a really, really exciting competitor to watch. tied in in bottom position up one advantage in this crown middleweight division. This is the semifinal. Winner will go on to take take on the winner of Andy Murasaki and Mauricio Olivivera on the other side of the bracket. Yeah, now we're kind of back to where the match started, right? Titan's closed guard. So, it'll be interesting to see if he opts to go back towards that side guard that he was working on before or if he decides to stay open because his feet are not necessarily keeping the guard locked and insisting on that position. But now he switches back and Pedro Maya with an interesting approach to this. He's kind of staying huddled down in the chest of Tinra, not working a posture up here. It could be indicative of the idea that he may look towards more of like a Salpollo pass where he starts to move backwards and open the guard that way. Um, that could be the approach there. Or sometimes that's a position that athletes go to just due to feeling like they are exposed and they don't want to posture up and open themselves up. But as I say that, as he postures up, Tyen with a beautiful sweep, comes right up on top here. Timing on that was incredible. Almost looked for a second like Pedro was going to escape that sweep once again, but he wasn't quite able to escape the sweep. The two points did go on the board, but now he has really done a great job at avoiding the big pressure from Tynan Dalra by bringing the foot all the way up to his shoulder. But Tinan kind of doing his own footwork there by bringing interesting reason. Yeah, he brought his knee up and did like a I don't want to even call it a knee cut cuz the knee was just in such a precarious position, but he did cut his knee back into the armpit of Pedro. But Pedro, look, he kept that grip. I mean, he still has his hand underneath the leg of Titan Dalpra. And if Titan can't sprawl his left leg back, then he's still in danger. Great job by Pedro getting out of the half guard. That's usually a position that's pretty dominant for the person on top. Pedro looked like he was almost flat, but he recovered his knee shield, created some space, now he's got both his legs back in front of Tynan. Yeah, it's not often we see Titan get to position like that where there's a smashing half guard and he gets put back inside the guard. Right. Pedro had a great recovery here. And with 320 on the board, I mean, this match could really still go either way. Uh the the advantage that Titan has does make a bit of a difference, though, because if Pedro were to come up on top, he is still down by that one advantage. So now being on the feet and once they're on the feet for 3 seconds, just so everybody at home knows, even if that single leg hadn't been broken, once they're on the feet for three seconds, it is now considered a standing position. So even if you were already on top and you have that single leg and you go down to the top position once again, even though it's the same position you were just in, you will score two points. So that's important to know in those sleeping positions. So we saw Pedro Maya kick that leg out and come back to a neutral position here with both gentlemen on the feet and three minutes on the clock. Two-time world champion Tyan Dalpra ahead in this match. Two nothing. This is the Crown's middleweight semifinal. Tiny scoring his two points with a sweep. He's been playing a lot of guard in this match so far. And he pulls again. Wow. Big jumping motion there from Pedro Maya. Almost floated over the guard of Tinan, but Tynan was able to get his leg back in inside time to keep Pedro between his legs and to avoid one of those floating passes. It's often times something we see athletes do during a guard pole. If you can time the hip switch just right as they pull, people will float over the legs and land right in side control sometimes already in a passing position. But Titan experienced with that, of course, and able to bring himself not just back into the guard, but right back into this Xguard that he loves. Yeah, what a great entry that was lifting Pedro up, getting his hips elevated, pummeling his left leg inside, and now Tynan is ready to set up another one of his sweeps. Yeah, you guys will notice that Tynan's right leg is really monitoring the near side leg of Pedro and then his left leg is monitoring the far side. But as I say that, it brings that left leg back into a single leg X position rather than an Xguard. And now that left foot does the job of monitoring the hip. So that is the foot that keeps Pedro from coming closer to him, closing the distance and starting to potentially move into passing positions and keep Titan on his back. As long as Titan keeps his left foot on the hip like that. And also now he's using that right leg to extend. It keeps Pedro's weight in his left side so that it's easy for Tynan to come up because now Pedro's right leg is very light. That's such a great point because I feel like that's what makes Tynan sing like Xgard so much different from some of the other competitors is he's able to manage the distance and not let his opponents close the distance, drop their knee on his midline and start to peel the feet off. Tiny just does such a great job like you said with that left foot, keeping it on the hip, keeping his partner away and creating some space for him to just stand up and get the sweep. Yeah, absolutely. And and it's a it's a big distin distinguishing factor because if your opponent can close the space, they can really do some damage and put the right knee on the midline like you said. But Pedro man is really impressive here. I mean, he Titan has had some good near sweep attempts, but Pedro has come back up on top. He's been able to keep enough tension in his right leg between his right leg and Tynan to not allow Tynan to come up and even threatening these big passing explosions like that quick look at a backst step there as well keeps him out of danger. The problem is it also keeps him attached to Titan and because he's down on points here with about 35 seconds left. Just being able to stay on top is not going to be enough to win because he can't put anything on the board as long as his right leg is stuck in this Xguard. Especially now that Tynan has moved the leg up to the shoulder. Coming up on 20 seconds left in this middleweight semi-final here at the Crown. Titan Dalpra up two points over Pedro Maya. And it looks like Titan's going to advance in this middleweight crown division. Yeah, Titan switched over to 50/50, which especially at the end of the match when there are a lot of points on the board or when there's a lead on the board typically means that an athlete's looking to ride out that win. And we see Tynan Dalpra able to do that. Comes out with this win. Two-point lead. We did see an advantage score there by Pedro Maya at the end. But Ty and Dalra in our middleweight division here will move on into the finals. Saw a lot of classic Tiny Dolph that match. A lot of Xguard. Such beautiful work from the guard position. Gets the sweep. Holds on to the point lead. Crown. Tyonra. Tyan Galpro is our first finalist in the middleweight crown division. He'll take on the winner of Andy Masaki and Mauricio Olivera in the final. Let's take a look at a replay from Tynan Dalpra and Pedro Maya. Pedro trying to create an angle there. Tin doing such a good job. Yeah, we got to see some big exciting movement from Pedro Maya. They didn't lead to scores, but we saw a bit of his style in those looks, right? He had some big overhead uh movement during those overhead sweep attempts, right? But unfortunately for Pedro Maya it was Tiny Dalra who came up on top had that points victory and he moves on to the finals in the middleweight division. And next up we're going to see who he's going to meet up with. We're going to see Andy Murasaki versus Mauricio Olivera here in our second match the middleweight division here at the very first crown event at the pyramid in Long Beach, California. And man, this is a very very exciting match in our middleweight division uh to see who is going to go against Titan. I'm very very excited for this one. [Music] And now for the second fight in the men's city middleweight division representing Jujitsu, Andy Murasaki. Andy Mersaki, our next competitor here in this crown.