Kind: captions Language: en Who's number one? Welcome to Kalahari Resort in Round Rock, Texas for W31. Tonight, some of the best grapplers in the world take the mat to answer the only question that matters. Who's number one? First, we have six athletes looking to prove they have what it takes to make it to the top. Let's kick things off with the undercard. Introducing first out of the blue corner. He stands 5' 11 in tall, weighed in at 188.8 8 lbs. Fighting out of Austin, Texas, representing 10th Planet Jujitsu, Sean Magnus. Well, hello and welcome to Who's Number 131 on Float Grappling. We welcome first of the match, Shawn Magnus from 10th Planet Austin, making his debut with us here tonight. He actually runs the MMA program at 10th Planet Austin. Sean trains fulltime out of that gym. He's got a good amateur MMA record as well, so expect him to be pretty aggressive from top position. &gt;&gt; And in the red corner, standing 5' 10 in tall, weighing in at 181.6 lbs, fighting out of Austin, Texas, and representing Paragon Jiujitsu, Nick Prince. Another now local man making his way to the mat. Nick Fritz representing Paragon Austin. Sean, this guy's much more of a guard player. We're going to see some beautiful traps from the bottom. I think you'll really appreciate. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think we're going to have a classic match up. A passer and a guard player. So, we'll see what happens. &gt;&gt; These guys uh have trained together. I think they said once in the ghee before, so they know a little bit about each other. Let's take a look for the first time tonight at our tale of the tape. You see the slightly elder of the two there, Nick Fritz. Otherwise, everything else is a bit of a wash. Sure. Shawn Magnus will look to use that slight weight advantage. Well, 9 minutes on the clock should they need them for these preliminary bouts. Our main card bouts up later live and exclusive on Fellow Grappling will be across full 15 minutes. And there's the quick guard pull from Fritz Sean. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh Sean was already on those elbow passes. I thought he's going to shoot any second now. And then yeah, Fritz just pulled guard right away. So it's kind of what you you said and what we had expected. Guard player. Now this will be interesting if if he just continues to sit. He's got to find a creative way to not only sit guard but then yeah get something moving. He does he does have a good uh dar and front headlock game as well. And you saw there is wingless to stand up try and build some height over the top of his opponent from that guard position looking to tie up some grips. It's a nice tie on the legs. Sean &gt;&gt; yeah was able to collect both of those legs. Got to get his head up now. His head's really low and so that is kind of why he got pushed out of there. His head was so low. He stayed too low on the legs instead of getting his head up and lifting up the feet and staying on top. It's tough, right? Those MMA wrestlers, if they they don't want to stay down there and they don't want to stay attached to you, they can uh find a way to create some space. &gt;&gt; That was a nice almost entry there. He had two oneonone, almost sat into an arm drag situation and Magnus able to get out. &gt;&gt; He looked for the shin to shin. He's got into that single leg X. Now &gt;&gt; he's got to move him around. He's got a good He's got the knee position and he Yeah, he got it right away. He got it. He got it. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, wow. Well, that see it seemed like it might have been a little bit loose. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he he stayed above the knee actually. And um yeah, he got it. He was So, he went on the leg um and then Sean was a little slow to turn out like to bring his knee lines free and &gt;&gt; man, Nick capitalized. Got on the heel and it was well done. He was completely isolated. Yeah, I popped his knee. It looked like &gt;&gt; Sean Magnus limping a little bit here. I honestly thought he'd high stepped his way out of it and he had the the defense in place. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Nick did a good job of holding the knee when he was turning and then I think he was able to even uh execute that with one hand. He got the heel exposure, got his arm in place, and you'll see a replay here. So, you see he gets in on the leg nice, right? And there's a turn. He got he got both legs over and then there's the that there's the reap, right? So now look at his hand the hand holding the lead the knee as they roll and then he was able to get a quick quick position on the foot and pop. &gt;&gt; It honestly looked like he was halfway to tapping before the grip on the heel. &gt;&gt; The knee his knee never came out of into safety. It sort of stayed inside the leg. It's better shot. So you can see the knee stays inside the leg. Watch the right hand. Watch this right hand here on the on the right there. See he's holding the knee on the bottom right there. You can see him holding the knee in and he was able to get that. So Nick was able to hold that knee when they turned and so there was just no way he was able to get his knee free. &gt;&gt; Wow. For the first time tonight in quick order. Let's go ahead and get the official decision here at who's number one? 31 &gt;&gt; after 1 minute and 38 seconds of competition. We have our winner by submission. out of the red corner, Nick Fritz. &gt;&gt; Wow, great work from Nick Fritz and Sean a tricky guard, but such an interesting submission just with the grip on the knee essentially the reap forc forced the tap. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he held he did a great job of holding the knee while they were spinning. So that knee never came out of the hip line and then when the heel isolation went on, it must have just been on just exactly right because you could see immediately it must have popped his knee. So um yeah, well done. It was great. &gt;&gt; Well, one match in the books, one submission. Not a better way to start really. Uh for the first time tonight, let's go ahead and find Alex Wendling who's knocking around Matt Side with a special report. &gt;&gt; Yes, the next prelim matchup is one I know a lot of people are looking forward to. Two things make it stand out. Grayson Henley's dead Orchard game and an undefeated MMA fighter Michael Banick's fire. At the press conference, Banick openly admitted he doesn't think he holds the advantage here as he's stepping into Grayson's jiu-jitsu world. But he doesn't care. His priority in this debut isn't playing safe or winning. It's putting on a show for his WNO debut. Entertainment over victory. A rare mindset in a sport composed of many jiu-jitsu purist point players, but one matchmakers might fall in love with. &gt;&gt; I think the only like advantage that I have in this one is like I have them the two other matches to go back and watch and see where I went wrong. Um, and I think another advantage is everyone I I mean I assume everyone's already counted me out. You know, they police submitted me both times, so most people are, you know, are counting me out. Um, which is fine. Like, you know, honestly, the performances that I had against him, they're more than like they're within their rights to do that. You know, the the last two performances I had against him were were non ideal. Uh, so I think this is a chance for me to kind of tighten things up and and go in there and, you know, try my best to to turn the match around and and take a win this time, you know, and I think it's, you know, this is for the title, who's number one heavyweight. So, I mean, if I can do it on on the stage, I think it'll be huge. We made it. Hey, hey, hey. Hey, hey, hey. Heat. Heat. N. Hey, hey, hey. Introducing first in the blue corner, He stands 5' 6 in tall, weighed in at 150 lbs, fighting out of Austin, Texas, and representing Village of Wolves. Michael Banner. Now, we welcome Michael Banick to the who's number one, Matt. 4-0 amateur MMA record for this flyweight and Brazil jiu-jitsu brown belt. He said he's going to look to push the pace in such a short match. Sean, &gt;&gt; yeah, I think he's going to have to uh push, stay scrappy, stay clean. He's got his work cut out with him for a very fast submission specialist. &gt;&gt; And his opponent in red, standing 5' 10 in tall, weighing in at 145.8 8 lbs. Fighting out of Austin, Texas, representing Brazil Fight Factory, Grayson Hly. Well, let me tell you, this guy is a firecracker. Uh, one brown belt pans recently. Four matches, four subs, three and a half minutes. That's your gold medal. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he he he throws submissions on all from all over the place. Very dangerous and and they come fast. So, um, that's what that that that's what's going to be the challenge for his opponents is the speed of what his submissions come from and and they're all over. It's not just like guard, it's everywhere. It's wellversed. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's the way he throws himself at his opponents and just throws the submissions up. Let's go ahead and take a look at the tail of the tape for this featherweight contest. &gt;&gt; Couple of years the senior is Michael Banick and you can see he's a good 4 in shorter. That's length advantage of course for Grayson Henley. He's going to look to go per his bed and butter, the dead Orchard Sea. That triangle double arm bar in &gt;&gt; Henley in the green, Banick in the gray and black. And we are expecting a dynamic guard pull from Henley at some point in this opening stanza. You can't count out flying attacks either. If he gets a collar tie um and Banick holds a collar tie for any reason, keep in mind. Very nice take down. &gt;&gt; Yeah, good duck under uh from Michael Banick. Of course, he did wrestle at the University of Wisconsin, I believe. But he's got to do some defense early here. &gt;&gt; You got it already. &gt;&gt; Straight foot lock. That Kyotara style straight foot lock. &gt;&gt; I mean, I know he has so many variations there. He likes the P lock over the top as well. just like he just throws him. So he he wrapped up the foot on his way over with that outside leg position that that deal similar to a daily hea hook. I don't even know if he had the daily hero hook set in while he went on that. Um &gt;&gt; well, we're trying to get the replay on the replay. &gt;&gt; Yeah, here's the replay. Sean, talk us through the finish cuz he he went to the the rubber guard, the high high leg, and then he transitioned to the legs off of that. &gt;&gt; Yeah, and it's when Banick pulled out that he decided to went in, but you can see he's already got it. He's got his right hand on the hip right now and he's just going to track that over and uh wham. So you can there this this might be a better angle. Um you can see as Vanic pulls out, that's a great time to go under on the legs. He wraps that up, throws his left leg on the outside, puts that there it is. Still got that left leg position and he was able to take that straight Achilles there. &gt;&gt; Was it straight Achilles or did it become a bit of an Aoki lock off the back? &gt;&gt; That one's like a basically like a straight Achilles from Daily Heooks. Similarly, &gt;&gt; well, let's go ahead. &gt;&gt; This one comes to an end just 35 seconds into the match. By way of footlock, your winner out of the red corner, Grayson Hoo. &gt;&gt; You got to wonder, Sean, does this guy ever going to get tired in a match if he doesn't have to go more than about 90 seconds ever? &gt;&gt; Well, he's a submission machine, man. I've watched his highlights. A very impressive young man. Yeah, I mean, look, he made his Who's number one debut here tonight, and what more could you ask for? That That's one way to get invited back in short order. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. &gt;&gt; We're off to a great start, Josh. We &gt;&gt; We are a great start. &gt;&gt; I feel bad for half the crowd that are still filtering in a little bit here to get get ready for the main card later. But Grayson Henley, congratulations to him. He goes back to Brazilian Fight Factory. A very happy man. And we've got just one more undercard bout coming your way. It's the the phenom Josh Molina, 13 years old. She's coming up next. Join us in just a few short moments after this commercial break. Let's go. Hey, hey, hey. Hey, hey, hey. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. on this new era we living now of super fights. Uh the main goal is get the belt, you know, like be the best of the best of that event, you know. So I really wanted to achieve that, you know, and defend my belt many times possible against the best of the worlds, you know, because uh I think this is this is how you prove today you are the best, you know. It's not anymore you go for a world championship anymore. You know, you win a world championship, you're not you're not uh it doesn't prove anymore you are the best because mostly of the best guys they are not there anymore, you know. So, how you prove you are the best now is get in a big event, get the belt, defend the belt against the best ones and be the best athletes, you know. So, that's my goal now. Sean Phipe is fired up for this one. You know, he's won everything there is, right? He's won ADC. He's won IBJF, but he has very firmly set his sights on this heavyweight title tonight. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's right. This is this is it, right? He hasn't got this one yet. So, here here he comes. &gt;&gt; Yeah, as if there was much else for him to win. Uh that's coming up later of course in our main event tonight live and exclusive on flow grappling in our main card. Thank you for joining us here on YouTube as we get kicked off tonight. We've got one more prelim coming your way and it starts right now. &gt;&gt; Introducing first fighting in blue. She stands 5' 4 in tall weighing in at 167.8 lb. Fighting out of Austin, Texas, representing Simple Man Martial Arts, Katie Bo. &gt;&gt; Well, Katie Bohan joins us here at Who's &gt;&gt; winning the crowd over with some swag and some food. &gt;&gt; Oh, this is a this is a Yeah, this is Uncrustables. There's a nod to the fact that, hey, she's fighting Joselyn Molina, who's 13 years old, who probably lives off something like Uncrossables. They brought it up in at the presser yesterday. It was kind of friendly banter, but she's leaning into it for sure. But, uh, look, it's a it's great that she's stepping up here. And her opponent fighting in red, standing 5' 10 in tall, weighed in at 157.4 lb. Also fighting out of Austin, Texas, representing Kingsway Jiujitsu, Jocelyn Molina. &gt;&gt; So, a new member of the recently formed Kingsway Jiu-Jitsu here in Austin, and it is, of course, the gym of none other than our former champ, Gordon Ryan. Uh Josh, look the the headline really is she's the youngest ADCC Charles medalist in history. Sean, 18 years old, she's taken out season black belts adults left, right, and center. &gt;&gt; Yeah, and looked incredible on her debate debut. So, we'll see. But just looked absolutely incredible. &gt;&gt; She Yeah, she does of course have that previous win here at Who's One over Amy Grande, back at who's number one? 29. Taylor final undercard matchup. women's heavyweight division, 13 years old. And the significantly taller of the two is Jocelyn Molina, 27 years old, is Katy Bhennick from Simple Man Martial Arts, of course, formerly B Team. She was uh she used to be a competitive powerlifter, so I do expect her to have a a fairly reasonable strength advantage coming into this one. &gt;&gt; They're going to work that over her quickly. Nice little two-on-one here, Joslyn. She tries to go under on the legs and &gt;&gt; Joelyn's wise to that. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a good upper body tie up from Molina. She's playing on top here. And looking for that twoon-one grip on the wrist. &gt;&gt; Nice leg switch there by Molina to try to come up to the leg drag position. That was a great switch &gt;&gt; right into the straddle position. She's doing such a good job, isn't she, of staying very, very wide and very low, and she's just put both knees of benic together. Nowhere to go with that guard retention. &gt;&gt; Yeah, she has this left uh near side under hook. Let's see if she advances with that. No, she's going to choose to just let that go. Go up on the head and advance up to the crossside position. &gt;&gt; Nice little switch of the hips to work her way up. She She's trying to beat that right post of Bahenick with the hat. Oh, and there's the power. She tries to bridge her over, but she given mount up here possibly. &gt;&gt; Yeah, she almost bridged her to the mount. Nice recovery there. Uh back into the half guard, but yeah, she's so tight with her head arm position. I would expect her to just kick that leg out and either go either back to the mount or the pass here. &gt;&gt; She's going to Yeah. Look to try and turn that knee down. There you go. &gt;&gt; Yeah, she kicks it free. Trying to settle inside control again. And it's a good bridge, but she's going to scramble to the back here. &gt;&gt; Yeah, one hook in. And now she'll need an under hook with the left side. That left arm should underhook that top arm. And then she's got katakatamies. And she's already shown that she has a good k great katakatami. So &gt;&gt; here's where your gift wrap, your katakatamis, they all come from here with that left side. You'll see that left hand go under. Yep, she's looking for it. There's the katakatami. &gt;&gt; All set in &gt;&gt; sinking low already. &gt;&gt; Now she turns. There's the side katakatami that she likes. Right there it is. Perfect. Could be the second side katakatami in a row for Justin Molina. Bucking and writhing is Behennick. &gt;&gt; Yep, she was a Yeah, she was able to get out there, but she's in it. She's still in it again. This is a It's this loop here, this system of kadakatami, gift wraps, and as long as Joselyn can keep her with this situation and she can't get rid of the gift wrap and Joselyn stays smart with her legs, you can keep her in this little loop. And Sean, it also just feels like she's staying so heavy in this position as well. It just feels like her weight is low and crushing and really driving Bhenik into the map. &gt;&gt; Yeah, there Bhanic was able to get out, but that near side under hook, you see this right under hook for Josa. She walked to the right now, walk to her left, excuse me, and push that knee down and she's going to be mounted again. So, &gt;&gt; well, our first judge's favor is going to be coming up very shortly. And I I don't think it's going to be a surprise in all honesty. 12, &gt;&gt; but it's a good survival by Bhenik to to get back to a half guard here. &gt;&gt; Or at least some semblance of it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, she's able to to escape &gt;&gt; all of the situation so far. Now &gt;&gt; really trying to force this dar strangle. &gt;&gt; There's that leg pummel out. &gt;&gt; She turns her. She's still got the dar strangle there. just waiting, trying to flip her over, which is nice. &gt;&gt; Judges favor red &gt;&gt; again. Flips her now. Locks on and steps over to the mount with a star strangle. &gt;&gt; I mean, it's relentless, isn't it? Really sinking the hips in here. Could be another good finish for Molina. We're not even at the halfway point in this bout. And there it is. Joselyn Molina, the 13year-old, notches up her second submission in a row at who's number one. &gt;&gt; I mean, Sean, that was that was borderline a flawless performance. &gt;&gt; Yeah, she she was able to get into that situation where she had underneath the the the arm in that gift wrap situation um and did such a great job the whole time of keeping in the under hooks and then eventually she pressed for that guard strangle um and was able to get it. So there's when she's already stepped over to make that a little bit tighter. Her foot got stuck stuck a little bit. You can see that assist leg come and help. And then it gets wound up tight uh when you mount like that. &gt;&gt; Just another day at the office for Joselyn Molina. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you can see her clear foot. Now it gets really tight when you're mounted. It sort of twists that strangle really, really well. takes all the slack out of it. &gt;&gt; And what a nice performance again. &gt;&gt; Well, let's go ahead and head down to the mat. Get our official decision here in our final undercard bout. &gt;&gt; The end comes 4 minutes and 50 seconds into the action for your winner by submission. Out of the red corner, Joselyn Mina. Josh Molina is your winner. And Sean, look, she she's recently moved to Austin, having formerly been part of Czechmat Olympus in Florida. Now she's at Kingsway with John Danaher and Gordon Ryan. They've got a bit of a habit of developing these young female prodigies into elite adult grapplers. She's only 13. By the time she's 18, what are we going to be seeing? Yeah, she's following in the footsteps of of Helena. Really, she's got a good mentor there um to follow along that same path of very talented teen up into one of the best in the world. And uh you know, I'm sure she's got that same aspiration. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Then there may have been a lot of people wondering why a 13-year-old was headlining the undercard when you've just seen it exactly why. Uh, let's go ahead and find Alex Wendling. She is with somewhat of a brush personality in Owen Jones. Let's see what he's looking forward to tonight. &gt;&gt; Standing by. Yes, we definitely are going to have to take a tequila shot after three for three submissions on this prelim cards. We got fan favorite Owen Jones. I hear he's kind of coming as backup for a guy named Ferris. Cuz right now behind us, we got a lot of six blades people here to support Shanji. So, you know a thing or two about a bad blood match. What did you think about that press conference? &gt;&gt; You know what I'm saying? We're here. We're in enemy territory. British finest. You know, we got the king of the gringo is here to upset them. You know, we're going to let them the six play guys are going to be crying tonight. You know, Faradinho is finest. &gt;&gt; There's going to be a lot of crazy energy. And I got to ask, you probably have to answer this question wisely. Do you feel like it's a mistake for Shani to continue to compete? &gt;&gt; Definitely against Ferris. For sure, man. I'm telling you, people are sleeping on him that he's been with PJ. He's been doing a proper camp. He's well prepared. He was getting ready for Noi Worlds. I'm telling you, he's going to shock the world tonight for sure. &gt;&gt; Well, I know a lot of people won't be rooting for the legend Slayer. But thank you for having his back because these guys, you have to worry about them. It is six plays here to support Shani Habo. Give it up one more time for Owen Jones as well. &gt;&gt; We're invading enemy territory. Everywhere we go, we're going to go Brazil, Austin, everywhere. It doesn't matter. We're going to come out. We're going to perform. Put a show on for the people. UK bad boys always infiltrating enemy territory. You can always expect that, Josh. &gt;&gt; Well, thank you, Alex. I uh I guess I have to stand up for the British here a little a little bit, don't I? Uh but but Sean, that's a great matchup we've got coming up later, right? And of course, Shani and Ferris, huge local support for Shanji, a legend. Great to see him still competing at this kind of high level. &gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. Yeah, I I I love that he's out there uh doing it up. So, it's can't wait for that one. Well, we've got lots more action coming your way. Of course, coming up next, it is our pre-show. We're going to talk all things main card. A main card, of course, that you can only catch live and exclusive on Flow Grappling. Go ahead, subscribe now, but catch us in a few moments here on YouTube for the pre-show. We'll see you again shortly. We made it. Hey, hey, hey. Hey, hey, hey. Hey, hey, hey. Hey, hey, hey. I'll do it for you. Welcome back to Austin, Texas. Christmas is coming early for one of these heavyweights cuz they are going home with that WN O heavyweight belt. This is your W and 31 pre-show. Penna versus Griffith. The heavyweight throne sits empty and Felipe Penna is aiming to cement a 3 and 0 record over Kingsways Phenom, Luke Griffith. I'm absolutely stoked for this. I feel like it is a long time coming. We wanted to see this originally scheduled for June 28th, but now the time has come. I'm Alex Wendling. That's Josh Palmer and Sean Williams. This is going to be an amazing card. Tell me a little bit. Phippe Penna coming in with rage. I I &gt;&gt; I mean the last these guys have fought twice before and it's been uh both matches have been crazy. Phipe has actually been on the receiving end of some very troublesome positions, but able to capitalize, reverse, capitalize, and then stick Luke Griffith and and finish both of these matches. You can see he finished with the rear naked strangle. You can see he finished with an arm lock, but like no mistaken about it, he he was on some receiving, some bad positions, but Phipe is unbelievably. That is what he does. He is really wellversed. You can see his wrestling abilities. He's excellent bear trapping and when he gets your back, it is so hard to get him off. &gt;&gt; Yeah, and we've seen it time and time again, Sean. He's 4-0 here on uh on who's number one. Someone else who's who's got four wins is this man, Luke Griffith. You can see here him beating Victor Hugo. Look, we know he's fell twice to to Felipe Pñena here, but we've said there's kind of some fussiness and extenduating circumstances around those, right? He's had to fight tournament matches. He's had to fight other matches immediately before Felipe. Luke himself doesn't believe that. He's been very pragmatic. He's gone back. He's watched the film. He's sat with his team. He knows what he has to do and he knows that he has the tools to beat Philippe tonight when it matters. And that is for number one heavyweight belt. Now, the question is, who can do it under the bright lights? There's a lot of energy flowing in here tonight, but that's not the only title we have on the line. Helena Cravar defending her WNO featherweight belt against Julia Boser. It's going to be a good one. Helena Cravar, give me your take on how unstoppable she is. &gt;&gt; She's really unstoppable. I mean, what can you say, right? Everybody you put in front of her, she knocks them down one by one. You're going to see it over and over, right? Traditionally, she looks to pull guard. She looks to get attached to them. She looks to just draw them into her game and very slowly take them apart. And that's usually what happens. It's very tough to find people to face her. Of course, most notably, she's recently coming off winning the biggest prize in the history of women's jiu-jitsu, $100,000. She took home at CGI earlier this year. Uh she she's a phenom. She's been doing this since she was yay high. She's now, you know, kind of hitting adult full adult status and uh she's pretty much unstoppable. I'm very curious to see how tonight goes. Well, I'll tell you what. You know, there is a stylistic potential matchup for Julia that she hopefully could capitalize on. You can see a great shot right here. Julia is is an athletic machine. She's strong. She's fast. You see her escape that foot lock and get on the back here in this particular match. And that's what she'll need because when Helena gets a hold of you, she grabs you and there's really like that's it. You're there's no going back. She just she just starts to inch her way into these positions where you get yourself in trouble. Juliet, as seen right there, if she can make this match scrappy and use her athleticism and use her movement, maybe have a shot to get to the back or to upset Helena Krevar. &gt;&gt; Yeah, both these ladies are coming in ready. But we also know in that heavyweight woman's division, Paige Ivette Climber versus Gabby Pasana is going to be an absolute banger. I'm probably most excited for this one just because 12 time champion in Gabby Vana, but Paige Ivet is an absolute gamer. Tell me a little bit more about Gabby. &gt;&gt; Well, what what can you say about Gab? What can you not say? She she is arguably pound-for-pound the best woman on the planet. Um her record is something like 235 and seven. Uh and recently she was even interviewed recently where she said, "Hey, I'm not sure I'm going to do very well no gee because I've just done all ghee up to this point." But she has shined. Um, she has incredible foot locks there. You see the pressure that she can put. So, a majority of her wins have have been by the straight foot lock right there. She takes the back. She'll get your back. She has an incredible guard. So, she is really wellversed for the Noki competition. She did very well. A lot of confidence going in here. But, you know, if anyone can give her a problem, it's potentially Paige. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it certainly could be. You see here getting the inside heel hook finish on her last appearance. Who's number one? Uh, look, Paige is is physical. She's aggressive, but she's very well-rounded and she's incredibly smart in how she uses those different techniques. She knows when she needs to wrestle. She knows when she needs to go underneath, use her slightly smaller size potentially against someone like Gabby to get in under the legs. And look, she's also a fan favorite. She's very charismatic. She's carrying a lot of support for the fact that she's got a tremendous story, right? She's coming back off knee surgery, couple of medals at some big competitions, and then she's fighting particularly for a purpose to grow the sport of jiu-jitsu. It's a great story and and a lot of the reason people here tonight are going to be supporting her. &gt;&gt; Her journey is definitely very inspirational, but this main card is absolutely stacked from top to bottom. We even had a late addition in that middleweight division, Oliver Taza versus Chris Wik. What else are you liking about this card? &gt;&gt; Uh there's a lot to look forward to tonight. Obviously, we'll talk about Shant Ferris, I'm sure. I'm a big fan of the the match we're going to see up next. Abraham and Philippe Costa. I think stylistically that's incredibly interesting. Fans were in for a real treat tonight. And then we're kicking off the card with Abraham Lamontine and Felipe Costa. What's there to like about that? Submission hunters. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean, uh, Abraham, excellent on the feet. Phipe, you blink and he's on your back. So, I I think the whole card top to bottom has the potential to just be a submission fest. Really does. Really does. So, it's going to feel great. &gt;&gt; I love it. And then two titles on the line. It is going to be an insane night of submission grappling. I'm so happy I get to experience this with you guys. Here it is. last card uh WNO card of the year. So you know that we're going to be going out with a bang. Don't forget to subscribe to Flow Grappling for all the exclusive content. We have some amazing events coming up in 2026 as well. And reminder to those viewers enjoying the free YouTube stream that not only you will gain access to tonight's main card, but also to a massive slate of live grappling events from all over the world. Here's a look at our live stream schedule for tomorrow. We got ABC Asia and Oceanana Championship. You're going to be watching that, Josh. &gt;&gt; I certainly am. Live on Flow Grappling. &gt;&gt; I love it. I think we're going to see Joseph Chen in action there as well. And upcoming in the year, let's take a look at some of the other events over the next few weeks. I know NOI Worlds is coming up for a second. I was looking at I was like, "Should I try?" I'm like, "Yeah, I'm going to sit this one out now." What about you, Sean? What were you thinking? &gt;&gt; Noi Worlds is is amazing. I've got a lot of athletes going to that. It's a host of great events and and you should be watching a tape study. It's amazing. So much to watch, so much to study, so many athletes on the come up that want to get onto this WNO stage. And uh one of the ones that is going to make their debut tonight is Abraham Lamontine. He is kicking off our main card. Two of the division's toughest emerging talents will face off. Last time we saw Felipe Costa, he had the match of the night in a semi-final run at WNO's Grand Prix. And now he'll welcome to the stage Abraham Lamont Taine. Most jiu-jitsu fans know his modified tow hold from reverse close guard as the a block. A move the Kingsway standout has now hit 64 times in competition with about half of those finishes coming against highlevel black belts. Now both these athletes are proven submission hunters and with legendary coaches like Shanji Habro and John Danher behind them. This matchup has fans eager to see how it unfolds. Soap. Now the official soap and body wipe of flow grappling, protecting you for over 15 years. Defend what you have built. &gt;&gt; The sport of jiu-jitsu provides so many with a bigger purpose. You're faced with so many challenges in the sport, including skin infection, and that's our mission. Defense Soap was created out of the need to fight back. And that's our goal here at Defense Soap, to defend what you have built. Hey, hey, hey. Hey, hey, hey. Heat. Heat. N. Hey, hey, hey. be me. Hey Heat. Heat. N. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. N. Well, hello and welcome back to Who's Number One? 31 live from Round Rock just outside Austin in Texas. My name's Josh Palmer, joined on the mic tonight by Sha Williams. Thank you for joining us live and exclusive on Flow Grappling. Sean, we've got a fantastic main card coming up. We're going to get straight into it and kick off with our first bout this evening. Philippe Costa and Abraham Lamontine. H fantastic clash of styles here. You've got the guy who's going to throw the reverse guard from the bottom versus the kind of aggressive all round good passer in Philippe Costa. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean both of these guys super talented. Like I said, if you blink, Philipe will be on your back. Uh but if you blink, you might be in the reverse guard of of Abraham and be on the receiving end of a tow hold. So uh who knows? It's going to be a great match. I think I anticipate a very great match for &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's debut for Abraham tonight. Of course, Felipe you've seen once before. Last time a couple of times who's number one 30 had a very close match with Dante Leon. &gt;&gt; And we're going to Well, let's go ahead and jump straight into it. Let's go ahead for the first time tonight and meet Rich Sllayton, our MC for the evening. We're live on Flow Grappling from the Kalahari Resort in Round Rock, Texas. Tonight, 14 elite grapplers take the map to show that they are the answer when we ask who's number one. W31 starts now. Introducing first out of the blue corner. He stands 6 feet tall, weighed in 204.8 lb, fighting out of Austin, Texas, representing Kingsway. It's Abraham Lamont. &gt;&gt; Abraham Lamontine, 32 years old from right here in Austin, Texas, making his debut tonight. Uh Sean, like yourself, he's one of the few guys who actually has a position and a move named after him. It's quite accurate, doesn't it? Really? &gt;&gt; Yes. The a block is to hold, but the way he does it is a little bit modified. So, and it's from that reverse guard situation. So, we'll see if he can land that. and his opponent fighting in red. Standing 6' 3 in tall, weighing in at 167.8 lbs, fighting out of Austin, Texas, and representing Six Blades, Phipe Costa. Now, Philipe Costa, this will be his fourth match at who's number one and the first of our representatives from six blades jiu-jitsu tonight is Sean. How clutch is it going to be for him having had Shanji Rivero also in camp at the same time in the gym? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think that's probably a pretty good motivational factor if nothing uh more than that. But, um, Filipe has looked better and better every time I see him. So, it's it's just continuing to get better, which is um very cool to see. So, Should be an interesting stylistic matchup. &gt;&gt; Yeah, what a great match to start us off. Tail of the tape for this one. &gt;&gt; It is in the light heavyweight division. Slightly taller of the two fighters, Philippe Costa, but considerably lighter against I'm sure that's not right at 167, but he is he is lighter than Abraham Lamonte. And Sean, just before we get kicked off, you look at the quality of the corners here. You got John Danaher, Gordon, Gordon Ryan, and Gary Tonan in the corner of Abraham. And you've got Rafael Lovato and Victor Hugo in the corner of F. Some good coaching. &gt;&gt; Well, 15 minutes on the clock should they need them. Blue and red rash guard for Lamontaine. All black for Costa. And we we've talked Sean a lot about the the guard of Lamontine, but let me tell you, don't sleep on his upper body tie-ups. Some some cheeky kind of judo trips here. &gt;&gt; Snack single right away. Very powerful. And Philip jumps guard. He's got a very good closed guard. So &gt;&gt; Lantane forcing the top position early. Not necessarily what we expected. Sean. &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, he had a nice little snag single float. Just said, "All right, you have it. I'm going to make sure that you're in my clos guard." So he may elect to scoop a leg and enter down underneath there if he can't break that posture down which is he's going to do. &gt;&gt; Gets a good sweep to come up to the body line. Shots to the back here. Good work early from the Brazilian. &gt;&gt; And this is what I mean right you you blinkies on your back. This is what I was talking about. He gets it back really well from all over the place. Got to push the foot in there. Nice little shot is instead of trying to loop that left leg and he'll push it through. It gets through the hands that way a little bit better sometimes. So you can see that left foot now. He's getting a little bit low. So he's going to try to go for his triangle. &gt;&gt; Going to transition to the attacks from the back here. Lamay staying very calm. Not actually hand fighting at all here. Sean. &gt;&gt; Well, he can run. Well, he's getting a little bit late now. I was going to say he could run out. He's He's kind of low in the back position, so he could run to his knees, kind of slip the head if he shrugs his shoulders and runs. literally runs and puts his left arm over his head. He might be able to run out of that. Not now. &gt;&gt; Now Philip's on his back with a hand around the neck. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Single low hook in there. Tries to turtle and shake one off. Might have a chance to roll out now. down. &gt;&gt; Sticking that to your body lock position. &gt;&gt; I like the foot play he used earlier. A little foot sweep. &gt;&gt; Oh, I mean I can't I can't wait to see a replay of that personally. &gt;&gt; Yeah, there's another If he gets around the corner and knee blocks him, he can take him down. uh Abraham and fighting got out. &gt;&gt; Well, first blood very much to Philippe Costa in this bout. Back to the feet standing here. &gt;&gt; Costa of course a bronze medalist at ADCC 2024. Just ran into to Carlo Bondoni in the semifinals there. They took out Chris Wick who we're going to see up next actually in the bronze medal match. jumping guard. Looked like he might have been maybe like trying a flying arm lockish. He tried to get around the corner there nonetheless. But &gt;&gt; yeah, it's it's funny, isn't it? When we teach new guys jiu-jitsu and how to jump guard, it's always change the angle as you're doing, right? Sling the guy down. And there's a great example of it. &gt;&gt; It's a great idea when getting into the guard like that. help stop that in the middle if you're going to the leg that angle. &gt;&gt; So you can take this collar t off unless he literally is planning on going on a flying arm block. Then you don't have to take &gt;&gt; a little arm drag there to the body lock and oh he's not going to want to give it up. But no option for the ref but to restart them from a neutral standing position. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that he's shown that a couple different times. A nice arm arm drag with the far &gt;&gt; trip on the far leg there. You know, Lamontine is an interesting case study in the kind of the new wave of uh no gee grapplers, right? He has a lot of wins in ADC opens and kind of higher level no gee competitions, but it's still technically a colored belt. I think it's brown belt currently. &gt;&gt; Arm drag. Now he tries the outside trip. &gt;&gt; Another snatch single to the double. Beautiful &gt;&gt; round across the front. Very nicely lock grip here and shoots the closed guard from Costa. &gt;&gt; Abraham is saying, "Yeah, you close the guard after after stop." &gt;&gt; Well, we're approaching about that time when the judges &gt;&gt; are going to have to decide who they think is winning so far. the elbow. See your screen there. Victor Hugo and Rafael Lovato Jr. in the corner of Philippe Costa. &gt;&gt; Can't even tell you how many world titles titles on the map that is. &gt;&gt; Use this. Use this &gt;&gt; over hook here again. He went to the same sweep. Not able to come up this time though. &gt;&gt; Left hand on the wrist. Yeah, Abraham had a hold of the foot, but last time he was able to get both feet to the hips and cleared them when he came up. That time Abraham held the leg. &gt;&gt; Protect your left leg. &gt;&gt; Was able to keep him down. &gt;&gt; Sean, we did we did a lot of talking about, you know, the able and the reverse closed guard. &gt;&gt; How hard is it when you're that good at one specific move? Everyone's expecting it, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Everybody knows. So, &gt;&gt; do you think we'll see him go to the well for it? Is he having to kind of disguise it and and possibly will just pop up a little bit later in the match? &gt;&gt; Well, you can get to to that from, you know, different positions, not the bottom. You could look to pass and step over the legs and you can get there from other things, but I, you know, I he I don't know how much he likes if if people just say that's all he does. He's obviously very talented in all kinds of places. &gt;&gt; Well, this is the first time &gt;&gt; judges favor. &gt;&gt; That is our first judges favor. It's only aware of Philippe Costa perhaps to be expected Sean after the back position and the exposure he had early on. But right now it's Lamontain making him carry a lot of weight in this open guard. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's leaning in that camping position, &gt;&gt; trying to make Phipe carry his weight. &gt;&gt; Snatch that triangle up. Now he's going high close guard with the under hook. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he just can't quite get around the shoulder yet. He's doing a great job pummeling, getting the head, but he can't quite get those legs around the shoulder. &gt;&gt; It's a very big set of shoulders. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it is. &gt;&gt; Shot in the corner of La Gordon Ryan sneaking in for some extra assistance. Good. Keep dragging that bottom knee away from his knee from his elbow. &gt;&gt; Sure. This is this is a very &gt;&gt; overbearing position, isn't it? That long sprawl. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I Phipe has a a very good guard, so he's doing the right things on trying to dominate that the arm on the right side. And that's really freeing his right knee so he can bring it back up with relative ease. And then getting his legs back to good position. Like if his knees are in front of the shoulders, really good position for Flee. If his knees are below uh the arms, he'll start to feel a little bit more pressure. &gt;&gt; A little bit looser passing there. &gt;&gt; Constantly fighting for those under hooks on top. Yeah, you can see the battle for that that that arm there, that near arm. &gt;&gt; Very important for for both guys that battle. &gt;&gt; Approaching the halfway point in this bout. &gt;&gt; You do wonder if the tide is starting to turn a little bit, but Costa is throwing up attacks and he's he's throwing up grips from the bottom here. Yeah, &gt;&gt; the foot on that was there was a foot on the hip that &gt;&gt; Abraham couldn't get really clear when he was almost over the knees, but he there was a foot on the hip sitting on the hip and that's he was struggling with that foot on the hip. &gt;&gt; We've seen twice before when tries to break this closed guard open. Costa grabs the legs, uses his opportunity to sweep some sort of off balance. Lamontine wise to it this time and he splits the legs again to go back to this &gt;&gt; heavy posture. &gt;&gt; So now needs to start walking towards the legs here. If he can start to walk a little bit towards that right side. He can't see how he can't quite keep the the hand above the knee. That's that's giving him a little bit of a problem. That's why he's not able to stay there for very long. F doing a great job of fighting that hand off that near side leg. &gt;&gt; Trying to clear and go more around the outside now. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's in good position. He's got to watch the head now. Almost a drag here for &gt;&gt; Phipe. &gt;&gt; When you make angles like that, be ready to wrestle up. &gt;&gt; Just a reminder, this the first of six matches tonight on our main card here live on Flow Grappling. Thanks for joining us here in Texas. A great card to end the year here on Flow Grappling. We've seen him get a bite on that that shoulder a couple of times, but not able to put it to use yet. &gt;&gt; Yeah, some body lock. See if you can get around the knee line position. Well, can't quite Yeah, he's around the knee. Is around the knee and he's in much tighter position now. See if he can stay in there. Nope. &gt;&gt; Again, he has arm and body lock. See if he can stay around the knee. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he needs to just keep insisting, isn't it? &gt;&gt; Now he's backing up. &gt;&gt; Try to clear the leg with his right leg. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's in good position still. He's cleared the leg coming around the corner now. &gt;&gt; You just see the knuckles of Lamont are white at this point. Trying to keep that body lock grip as tight as he humanly can. &gt;&gt; Well, it's actually good. And and Phipe stuck his arm in there, so it actually made it worse. He tried to make an under hook and h got stuck and that's why he's got mounted right now. &gt;&gt; It's a great pass. Finally, the pressure paying dividends, but look how quickly you can lose it against someone the caliber of Costa. &gt;&gt; He just made a mistake to take the arm out though. He recovered really well. &gt;&gt; Judges favor red. Well, the judges still warning towards Phipe Costa here, assuming it's because of the significant time he had on the back earlier in this match. There has been a lot of pressure lately from Lontaine, but not canceling out the early work done by the Brazilian just yet. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean Abraham is in here nice and tight. He can slide back to at least the cross side. He can mount now or take the back. He's got to keep the knees through the middle though. Nice back. Turtle takes the under hooks. &gt;&gt; That's a good opportunity for him here. Is he too high? Falling off the top. &gt;&gt; He's getting a little bit high. &gt;&gt; Comes back on top again. &gt;&gt; Oh, and they're just going to find the edge of the mat. Let's see what position the referee is going to reset them in. &gt;&gt; That was a very good like what three minutes, four minutes though for Abram. Very dominant. Yeah. And the difference was it wasn't Costa making grips and off balances. It was purely defensive jiu-jitsu from him. &gt;&gt; Do you feel though, Sean, because of the significance of that back position early that Lamontine's going to need a a clean pass and a mount or the back to to even it up here? &gt;&gt; Yeah, he needs another another three minutes like he just had that that could be uh that could change the course of what is happening. So, &gt;&gt; bring it. Let's go. Let's go. again. He's just struggling to get through. So, &gt;&gt; he's still not able to keep the left hand on the knee, which has been a problem. That that far side leg has been a also has been able to take it out really well and cause cause some resetting for Abraham. So, he has to reset, go back out. That's a nice attempt. You could stay on that a little longer. Well, he tries to wrestle up here and he's going to give some a chance to Lamontaine to pounce on the back again and see if he can set some grips. &gt;&gt; Oh, trying to get hooks in. &gt;&gt; See if he sits to his hip. Phipe sits to his his that free hip right there. His left hip sits to the hip and continues to spin. He might be able to come on to the top or at least half his arm over here. Well, Lantane is going to try and snag an arm. &gt;&gt; He's got to be careful here otherwise Costa is going to come up on top. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Abraham got too high on that turtle position and then you just sort of forced to try uh an arm lock and he couldn't couldn't quite get it. Flee counter very well. &gt;&gt; And you got to wonder is with just two minutes left, is that going to seal the fate of Lamontain? It's still plenty of time to work and from a position we know he's got a lot of capability in, but is he tired at this point? &gt;&gt; Costa is going to look to to sit to the back again. &gt;&gt; Uh-oh. Looks for a triangle. He's going to push this foot through now. He's got a back triangle. That's it. &gt;&gt; Oh, and that's it. The fatigue sets in. The submission gets the job done for Phip Costa. seals the deal here that who's number one. &gt;&gt; You really saw a turning point there, didn't you, Sean? It was like it was the one shot for Lamontine when he fell off the top and Costa came on top. Credit to him for the finish against him. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean that was back and forth there. The last five minutes we had was really back and forth. Uh Montine just Lamont Montine just got too high and when he got spilled off the turtle there. Yeah, Phipe really did a great job staying calm, cool, collected. They're both exhausted and Phipe did a great job. &gt;&gt; Well, let's take a look back some of the replays from that bout. And Sean, this was the first time that Costa had the back of Lamontain and wasn't able to get the submission there, but switched up a little bit in the middle for a few minutes. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. And then there was some nice take down again. A lot of like just this particular position where they were kind of in camping and then and then Abraham started to come on um into the turtle position started to get deep in these passing positions. There was a shot we both thought he was going to I thought he was going to fall off there too, but he he was able to maintain that top position. And then here is where he got just too high and then he had no real choice but to try the arm. Uh, and you can see watch Phipe just turn out of this arm right there. He turns out of it and then he was just capitalizing. Took again right into the back triangle. Loop the leg over. Something that he was trying in that first initial back take, but this time he was able to lock it up. Abraham just exhausted. &gt;&gt; A good win for Phipe Costa gets it done by submission. Returning to winning ways here, who's number one? Let's go ahead and get the official decision. &gt;&gt; After 13 hard fought minutes, this finish comes near the end. Your winner by submission out of the red corner, Phipe Car. A lot of local support from the Six Blades team as you would expect. Philipe Costa adjusts his record to two and two here on the who's number one mat. Good diligent work from him. The persistence, the cardio paying dividends. Well, let's go ahead once he's finished celebrating with his teammates in the crowd. Let's find out how he's feeling. He is with Alex Wentley. &gt;&gt; We're going to have to stop the dance party going on here. There's a lot to celebrate. You just got it done. Felipe Costa, walk us through what was going on through your mind when you got the second judge's favor. You were still hungry to get that submission. man. Uh, right at the beginning, I had a good view of his back and I was kind of like think, oh, it's too early on. He has good defense. I'm going to tire myself out and I was trying to control and he did a good job by escaping and got on the top. uh he was really have on the top you know but I've been training with these guys savvato victor sh they are really heavy on the top you know so I was aware of what is happening uh and right at the end I could get again to the back and then I got a nice view of a reverse triangle and then I got the back I got the the sub so I'm really happy &gt;&gt; yeah we're going to take a look at that highlight one more time I'm sure everyone in the audience wants to see this Beautiful technique displayed. So, who are some of the training partners that helped you get ready for this moment? &gt;&gt; Bro, you can see everyone there. Everyone helped me, you know. Every one of these guys helped me to be here today, you know. Uh, so there's no names. I think if there is one name, it's six blades family. And I'm really grateful for all of them. You know, &gt;&gt; how good does it feel knowing you not only beat the tough Abraham Lamontaine, but you also got the submission in front of your hometown crowd tonight? &gt;&gt; Let's go, Six Bladers. Hey, love you guys. We have one more mission today with Sensei Shu. I right there in the middle cheering for him and I hope he also gets the sub, you know. Starting off six blades very strong. Give it up one more time for Fipe Costa. &gt;&gt; Let me say one more thing. Man, all I want to say is what I said before. I'm really thankful for everyone, you know. I'm really thankful for every one of these guys that are here today, the students, the team of coach, the whole Six Blades family. I'm really thankful. And if there is one thing that I've been trying to work and get better, it's by believing myself, you know. And I think that we all should do that. We should get moments of your life that we believe on ourselves and we just go for it, you know. So yes, guys, believe in yourself. You can do amazing things and we are all together on this journey. Okay? I love you all. an inspiring message that is now 100% submission rate so far tonight. Let's keep the energy going out for the last WNO card of 2025. &gt;&gt; Yeah, thanks Alex and Sean. You know, he kind of said there Abram Lamonte is a big strong guy, but he had Shani, he had Lovato, he had Victor Hugo. You're like, hey, I've been crushed by the three best heavyweights in the last 15 years. It's uh it's quite a training room that prepares you for something like that. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. It's a phenomenal training room &gt;&gt; and uh you know, congratul I love the camaraderie that he's showing with the gym. It's great to see the kind of community that these gyms can build and what they can do for people. It's of course the message of jiu-jitsu we're all trying to share. What a great way to kick off the main card. Next up, Oliver Taza taking on Chris Wick. That's coming your way in just a couple of moments. Stay with us here on with who's number one. Tonight's Who's Under One is sponsored by Swain Mats by Dalmer, the official mat of flow grappling. Visit dalmer.com or scan the QR code on screen and use code flow10 for 10% off your very own Swain Flowgrappling 10x10 ft homemat. Experience the hybrid difference at dimemer.com. Hey, hey, hey. Hey, hey, hey. Hey everybody. Heat. Heat. N. Welcome back to who's number one 31 closing out the year here in Round Rock outside Austin, Texas. Next up, Oliver taking on Chris Wick in a middleweight bout. Expect a lot of movement and this one could be action from start to finish. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean this one is Oliver. What can we say about I mean that he's one of the most experienced guys on the planet. Um fought almost everyone except for I don't think he's fought Chris yet. So this has got to be a match in the making for a long time. Um and so it's very exciting. Chris, very talented uh individual obviously. Uh Taza, super experienced, very talented. Um this one has a potential for match of the night for sure. &gt;&gt; Yeah, there's going to be a lot of action. Stay tuned with us here. Let's go ahead throw to the MC and walk these two fighters. Introducing first, Fighting in Blue. He stands 5' 10 in tall, weighing in at 185.4 lb, fighting out of Austin, Texas, and representing Simple Man Juju. He is undefeated on WNO. Chris Wick. Now Chris Wick makes his way to the who's number one? Matt been competing pretty prolifically over the last couple of years. Fourth place at ADCC last year. Had three tough matches at CGI earlier this year. Went the distance with Mika Gava in one of them short. &gt;&gt; Look for him to really attack the legs from the bottom. It's what everybody knows him for. &gt;&gt; And his opponent fighting in red. He stands 5' 11 in tall, weighed in at 179 lbs, fighting out of Austin, Texas by way of Canada, and representing Kingsway Jujitsu, the IB JJF Nogi Pants Champion and European Champion, Oliver Ta. &gt;&gt; Sean, it's what you said. This guy has fought pretty much everybody. Uh he's only just 32 years old. He's got a record of 189 wins and 57 losses. He He'll go to a tournament and he'll have five, six, seven matches. And you know, he'll nearly always make it to the top three, but he's just had trouble crossing that last bit of the finish line. &gt;&gt; Yeah, one of the most experienced guys. I agree with you. And but I I do say that he he continues to make little moves to get better and better. So, it's going to be an interesting thing. And let's let's take a note that these guys also are took this thing on no notice. &gt;&gt; Yeah, very short notice replacing that Corb P match that we were sadly forced to scrap due to illness. Uh but there's your Taylor for this one. It's fairly even all things considered. Certainly the experience edge goes to the Canadian Oliver Taza. We've actually seen him six times before here on who's number one. Holds a mixed record at 3 and three. Last time out was back at who's number one 22. who dropped a loss on a decision to titan Dalbra. Very very tough to finish. I'm expecting guard play from Wick and top play from Taza. &gt;&gt; Let's go ahead get those 15 minutes on the clock and we are underway. &gt;&gt; Both guys coming out looking to wrestle on the feet. Taza very talented. Check shoots in that night. Nice single. See if you can get around the corner. Taza on a kamura there. But &gt;&gt; almost working his way up to the back, but there's a a quick inversion from Taza to retain guard. &gt;&gt; You know, Taza, he really does compete non-stop coming off some big events on the back half of the year. Most recently, Polaris 34 squads match went three and three. He had wins over ABC vets Matt Shazinski and Santerry Lilius. If you want to catch that and of course all forthcoming Polaris matches, you can do so here live on Flow Grappling. Polaris joining the catalog at the start of 2026 trying to get in inside get this use this left arm. But you see how Taza is fighting that near side arm right there. a good job trying to twoon one pull it across. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm excited to see the the passing in the top game of Chris Wick &gt;&gt; just because I don't get to see it all that. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he has a nice one. He's he's very good with his left arm, that near side arm. He and he'll put it in the near side under hook and move to the side. He's he does it very well. He stays safe in there. Really does a great job of that. Yeah, some great performances in a lot of events over the last few years. PGF season 7 did did really good there. Lost in the final. side as if as Taza tries to get under the leg. bottom position for check that Taza you see how he's keeping his legs out circling around the corner and then &gt;&gt; it is going to be interesting to see if Wic can submit Taza from the bottom. with a leg lock. It's it's it's not something that really happens all that often. You know, when when Tanza loses, it just tends to be by decision. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's well versed on leg. He's got a great leg locking game as well as you can see him trying to get in and pull that leg out, but both guys are are very well verssed there. So, &gt;&gt; reaching for a toe hold under here. So, it may it may take an overcommitment by one of them to actually get their leg into trouble because I believe if both guys want to get out when they need to get out, they probably could. But if you might see an overcommitment, someone really going after a leg for a little bit longer than what they might have planned, then that's when you can get yourself in trouble. See a false reap but steamer lock &gt;&gt; trying to keep some weight on that right foot and Wic trying to go underneath there. &gt;&gt; Yeah, used the false grip to try to get in even deeper that little false re grip. But &gt;&gt; yeah, you see how fast Taza goes back on the legs as well. Like both again both well verssed on the feet. Now the crowd appreciating the attempted counterlock from the Canadian. &gt;&gt; Was originally born in Lebanon and settled in Canada at the age of 14. Made his way to Tristar Gym with Frasa Hubby. And of course they have some strong links with the Dan and her team and it's led him all the way to here at now what is Kingsway in Austin, Texas. Chris trying to like pummel around. I don't know if he's going to circle all the way around north south, but &gt;&gt; he's trying to pull in the leg now. He's got he's got the leg sucked in now. So he's got he's above the knee but Taza again that's nice inversion to get the leg the knee is in line free. &gt;&gt; Try a toe hold foot lock on this other side. Doesn't need to keep that that top knee open. We are going to get our first judges favor in just a moment here. &gt;&gt; Pretty even bout throughout so far. Yeah, both both these guys are so well verssed in in the game here that as I said I &gt;&gt; I think if if either guy exits any of these positions when they know they need to, it's going to be very hard for one another &gt;&gt; blue taking the early lead in how the judges are seeing this one presumably for most of the top position pressure here. Oh, and he's got a good connection now, but &gt;&gt; slips out quickly. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that was very close. Taza's left arm &gt;&gt; was in there well enough to stop a really tight head arm position. He's trying to sit with that leg, but nothing doing because Tza gets away nicely. &gt;&gt; Sean, are there times like that when you just say, "Hey, I I wish you'd chased the back a bit more." Yeah, I mean I think he's threat he's threatening to both, but he's re, you know, he's he's really trying to set into those leg positions, but at some point if there isn't really any moderate success there, then yeah, that that's when you need to to do that. I agree with you. Kind of open up some other opportunities, which might help reinforce your leg game later. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And that's maybe where people have been critical of of some of Wik's matches in the past, right? Is he'll go to the well on the foot lock and he'll just keep going to the well on the foot lock. And you know, sometimes a little bit of variation of threat and some other things could pay some dividends. But &gt;&gt; he's the one out there as you get a shot out of our former heavyweight champion &gt;&gt; running to angles after you do it. &gt;&gt; Gordon Ryan in the corner, &gt;&gt; longtime training partner of Oliver Taza. and conversely his brother Nikki Ryan. &gt;&gt; We have arm drags on our left hand side of course now running simple man martial arts here in formerly the B team. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Taza staying away nicely trying to make some movement here. Wreck having a hard time getting connected there. Taza just sat down and Chris finds his way to the top. Yeah, I mean he has good top position as if he puts that left hook uh &gt;&gt; on top circles over Yeah. to the right. &gt;&gt; Right now, most of his passing has just been trying to attack legs. &gt;&gt; Now he's in on the body lock. So, let's see if he likes to try to get around the knees. Now, was that an error by Taza trying to fight for that sort of two-on-one arm drag and giving up the body lock there? &gt;&gt; Yeah, he committed to that pretty a long time and then he's able to get his form in there now. So, &gt;&gt; now he needs to bump up and get that left elbow under the chest. He's got to hide that that top elbow. That frame is actually not very good here. You see how he just drove right through it? Did Oh, check. He drove through it. And now it's in he's flattened started to flatten Taza out. &gt;&gt; Yeah, this is the most dominant passing position we've seen from Wik so far. &gt;&gt; He's in this half guard here, but he's got Taza flat. There's a big kip up to escape. &gt;&gt; It's so hard, isn't it, to get a clean pass without just a a brutal bit of upper body control. &gt;&gt; Yeah. What you want to be able to get around the legs now cuz he's got his hands connected again. If he he's in a really nice half guard situation, if he moves down and hugs the hip a little bit, be in a good situation. He's trying to handcuff position, but it's hard when you're that low on the wrist. But yeah, now he got around. There he goes. Got around. And he might jump back to the other side. He tried to walk back to the other side, but &gt;&gt; the diligent pressure and passing attempts of Wic &gt;&gt; really starting to get closer and closer now. &gt;&gt; He's getting tighter and tighter now. He's on the upper body. He's got that under hook. Yeah, he's got a great position. He probably &gt;&gt; could pass here if he &gt;&gt; connects the hands now. He's got that control under that far arm. And there he goes passing to Mount Bound. Looking to walk the arm up immediately is Wick. And this is great work from him. &gt;&gt; Ta can't wait too long to bridge up to that left corner and bring that elbow down. &gt;&gt; Yep, there he goes. And he not only did he do that, he did a great job of keeping the elbow across the hipline. That's why fell off. &gt;&gt; That's good defense from Taza, but you got to say very firmly the judges are absolutely going to be leaning the way of Chris Wick now as we approach the the final five minutes of this bout. So Oliver Taza has got to find a way to get some positional work of his own going. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's all that near side is very important there. Still going after the foot. You can see that trying to hug that from the top. &gt;&gt; Judges favor blue. &gt;&gt; He could lock his hands again here if he wants. There he goes. &gt;&gt; Well, no surprises there on our second judges favor of this bout. &gt;&gt; T's got to be careful sitting up on posted elbow. He could get handcuffed now. Uh Orch's getting deeper and deeper in. &gt;&gt; He's got that that right-handed tight waist. You see that right hand is a problem. Pam get over the knees now. &gt;&gt; Wic staying glued to Oliver Taza for the last five or six minutes of this one. &gt;&gt; There he's got that. So if he can Nope. Was able to get out. That was Taz. Definitely feels, doesn't it, like Wic has the the bigger frame of the two as well, and he's he's really putting it to use here. &gt;&gt; Taza doing a good job of getting his forearms wedged in there. See that left forearm? There's that handcuff. Every time you post on your elbow, you got to be careful posting up on that elbow and staying there because you get your hand that wrist pulled down in line with your body and then you get flattened. &gt;&gt; He's got he's just leaving his left arm behind. So that left arm right there is just behind &gt;&gt; and it's hanging out. Instead of the elbow leading the way, he's he's using a hand pummel. Was able to save that though. again almost around but not quite &gt;&gt; trying to switch back to the body lock. &gt;&gt; One one other thing you can say Sean is the work rate from both guys has been outstanding and they have not stopped for for a second. out. &gt;&gt; See if he tries to off balance. Get meat little knee lever crowbar to get some get that underhook in play. Eric does a great job with this toss &gt;&gt; trying to snap down on a a guilline or a front headlock here. But again, you see he's posting up Wick reaching for that handcuff. &gt;&gt; It's a good thing for him to do. You take the wrist and you pull it in line with the body and then there's that your forearm becomes a straight line. Taza's forearm becomes a straight line in line with his body. So you can just drive drive them right down to the mat. Then &gt;&gt; is there is there a way for the bottom player to to build height without putting himself in danger there? &gt;&gt; No. Posting on the elbow. If you're just going to sit there when someone is that deep, it's difficult. You you use a post on the elbow to move. You can't sit there for any length of time when they're that high up in your half guard. It's it's a dangerous situation. &gt;&gt; Get flattened quite easy. And then handcuffed. You see how he keeps getting handcuffed there on that bottom arm. Oh, that's that's looking incredibly compromised right now as we move into the final two minutes of this bout. &gt;&gt; See if brings the right knee all the way over the top and tries to take the back cuz he could he could he could like basically There he goes. Knee cut to the back. There it is. &gt;&gt; Hopping all the way over this time. Instead of trying to run around and through the guard, he's going to pummel inside again. &gt;&gt; He's got Katakatami. He'll have gift wrap if he's had an easy gift wrap off the katakatami if he wants it. Um Tazi can Yeah, he's good good thinking using his right hand to help get his left elbow back down if he can't bridge up to that side. &gt;&gt; He's able to get out really well. &gt;&gt; Very nice defense. You got to say though, Taza is going to absolutely need a submission &gt;&gt; to turn this bout around here. &gt;&gt; And as slippery as they are, and as good as the leg defense of Chris Wik is as well, where is it going to come from for Taza? &gt;&gt; Again, that body lock situation where he's going to get around the knees. We thought Sean that this one could be one of the matches that would go the distance. We weren't. Uh it doesn't look like we were wrong, but it's not for lack of trying. I mean, Wick has really been consistently trying to advance position. &gt;&gt; It's a It's a bit of a masterclass in just a persistent passing, isn't it? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's that same same situation. uh Orchard getting inside with the body lock, then having a tight waist and Oliver posting on that elbow and is he hasn't really switched it up. He's just defense looks great from here and he's getting out of everything. Um but he's not been able to switch his game plan up. Uh and that elbow post was his demise. He's kept getting his wrist broken down right in the handcuff and then that led to some advancement in position for for WHK. So very dominant passing, very dominant position. uh match for WHEK. &gt;&gt; Now Chris Wchek, he he's fairly certain he's done enough as are we celebrating with the coaches in his corner there. You see Nick Rodriguez hanging out behind as well. Fun match for us to call for sure. A lot of, you know, a lot of technical positions for you to break down there, Sean. And we're going to bring the replays up in just a moment. You can talk us through some of them. But as you said, the story really that elbow post and that handcuff. &gt;&gt; Yeah, this is when he was already in really tight position was able to mount there. Taza got out really nice on all on on it's pretty much everything. That's used a forearm to get out. But there's that handcuff on that right hand side after that breakdown of the hand post and that just leads to that back potential back take when you when he cuts the knee across tries to sit through here. You'll see it. He goes all the way up and over almost on the back and then the Kadagatami attempt and he just stuck uh Taza here once he was over the legs and just kept him in that loop and it Taza could really never get out of that once he stuck him in there. He was able to get out of the mount a few times and kept getting that same position. After 15 hard fought minutes, we go to the judges. All three see it the same way for your winner by unanimous decision. out of the blue corner. Chris W. with your winner Chris Wik. You just got a kiss from the fiance, which is welld deserved considering she was the one who told you not to eat that ribeye, which allowed you to make weight on this short notice fight. So, how good does it feel to have this performance on such short notice? &gt;&gt; Feels good. I'm happy I was able to show kind of some of the things I've been working on the last few months. was working on more guard passing and wrestling trying to not be a leg locker anymore. So, you know, didn't get the submission, but happy with uh the performance that I showed tonight. &gt;&gt; Yes, it was a beautiful well-rounded game, and this is the first win you got under the simple man banner. So, what is it like having your boys back there getting the win? And also, what do you want for the future? Any particular matchup? &gt;&gt; Oh, I don't know. I mean, I don't think I was ranked very high at 185, so maybe I can bump up a little bit in the rankings now and take on somebody who's a little bit higher next time. That would be great. Um, but yeah, and the shout out to everybody back at Simple Man back at I've been traveling a lot doing seminars and, you know, able to have like super tough training whenever I'm in town is fantastic. So, really grateful to all the boys back here, the ones who are here and the ones who couldn't make it. &gt;&gt; And how's life been since going home with that million dollars from CJI? Uh, I mean, I try not to think about it because I don't want to get complacent, you know? So, just I put it in a high yield savings and I don't look at it. &gt;&gt; The grind doesn't stop, Chris. Very smart. Give it up one more time for Chris Wshick. And up next, we are going to have that woman's heavyweight bout. It is a number three versus number seven feed. Paige event taking on your 10 time in the ghee world champion Gabia Pagana. That is all coming up. who will reign supreme. &gt;&gt; So it's crazy to talk about the feeling now. Uh was my first time doing wii as black belt but I get all submission all fight and very happy before the championship. I don't believe too much that I can get the gold, but my coach always talk with me, you can do it. Go there, try and try it. It was amazing. Powered by IM8, the all-in-one formula for fighters. Built for performance, trusted for recovery. Use code flow sports for 10% off at im8alth.com. Hey, hey, hey. Hey, hey, hey. Heat. Heat. N. Heat. Hey, hey, hey. Heat. Heat. N. Welcome back to Who's Number One at 31. Closing out the year here in Austin, Texas. Josh Palmer, Shawn Williams on the call for you this evening. Uh Sean, some great bouts so far. We continue on with the main card here. Gabby Pasana taking on Paige Ivet Climber. Very, very interesting bout. And of course, one of the the narratives in this really Gabby Pesan, she's won everything, but she hasn't really done it in the Nogi super fight world and she herself knows that that's still a challenge to conquer. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And she did she did very well when she doubted herself. She she went and won and finished everyone. Um, so and her game is uh that that she has for Noi fits very well. I mean, she's strong on the leg. Uh, she's strong on the to get to the back. Um, and she just has so much experience and is just so good. So, I you know, I don't think she's going to struggle that that transition for her, I don't think, is going to be a a problem. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And she's got a great opponent in Page of Air Climber here tonight. Someone who's physical, strong, very technically sound, very wellrounded as well. So, this is a great matchup in the women's heavyweight division. Let's go ahead throw it to RMC and walk these two ladies. &gt;&gt; Introducing first in the blue corner. She stands 5t in tall, weighed in at 181.8 lb, fighting out of San Diego, California, representing Legion Jujitsu. She's an IB JJF European no champion. Paige Evet Climber. Paige Evet Climber makes her third appearance here at Who's heard there from RMC Rich Leighton. She is the current European NOI champion at Black Belt. She's got a very heavy strength conditioning focus. She teaches the women and kids program at Legion Jiu-Jitsu, but she's got a lot of competition experience as well. A lot of crowd support. Very, very focused coming into this challenge tonight. And she's got the physicality to deal with somebody the size of Gabby Pasana. &gt;&gt; And her opponent in the red corner, standing 6'1 in tall, weighed in at 216.4. 4 lb fighting out of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, representing infight jiujitsu. She is the 10 time IBJJF champion of the world, Gabby Pa. &gt;&gt; Gabby Pagna makes her way to the mat. 10 time IBJF world champ. She's also won world nogies. You want to add another 10 times, you can go pan championships, another 10 for European championships. Sean, she did sequential IBJF grand slams. That's when you literally just win everything you possibly can and you do it two years in a row. That's pretty much unheard of. &gt;&gt; But ready to get started here. This is of course her super fight. Hanogi super fight debut. Tailor tape for this heavyweight bout. Both ladies 25 years old. You see that substantial 5 in height advantage for Pana. Standing a towering 6'1 and she's going to carry some 30 plus pounds into this one as well. Yellow rash guard for Climber, black rash guard for Pasana. 15 on the clock as they touch hands and we're underway. &gt;&gt; Well, Paige looked good here her last outing. So, I mean, you know, and that's that is one thing that uh Gabby will will see, right? This will be a good test because Paige has nice leg injury, good heel hook. So, &gt;&gt; yeah. Last time, who's number one at 28, we saw took a win over Kuwani Ramos. Good heel hook victory there. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Pasana sitting the guard here. And it's gonna I feel like that'll be a good test is a lot of uh Gabby's leg locks are where her own leg is dangling on the outside when she takes it, but she's just able to create so much pressure and force. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I know you were concerned that a good counter leg locker might be able to capsize. &gt;&gt; Well, we'll see here, right? She's trying to get that straight Achilles on the under underneath side. &gt;&gt; And that's the thing. She's going to pull a leg in. Yep. She's going to go as a very nice counter for Paige to invert off that steam lock there. &gt;&gt; Climber representing both Legion Jiu-Jitsu and of course Victory MMA out in San Diego too. Just phenomenal gyms out on the west coast there. We'll see if Paige can get into some of these like inside the that step back the inside senkaku going for you know cross heel hood inside cross heel hooks things like this might might she might be able to mix that up she leg there she's on on her own entry here is Gabby so she has a nice little entry here see if she pulls this top leg in and goes after that heel hook on that on that left side. Straight foot lock. &gt;&gt; That's a deep bit of inside control there. &gt;&gt; She has Paige got to get that right leg behind the legs and begin turning away. But Gabby already looks like she's going to take the back as she does that. She's already like that right hand is around the waist. See if she starts pulling the legs there. She's on that leg, but counter nicely. There's another straight foot lock. Very good. &gt;&gt; Well, there's a false reap coming perhaps from Climber as she's just trying to peel that leg out. You see the staple just keeps it intact for a moment. &gt;&gt; And this head pressure from Pasana has got to be decidedly unpleasant. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I can imagine she has incredibly strong pressure from the top. responsibility for her. &gt;&gt; She's got to keep walking backwards just a little by little until that now she's free to that that grip. So, still got to be careful of the inversion. There &gt;&gt; climber was very open that she's been training with a lot of the kind of 200lb men in the gym just because the stature of Pasana is is very unique in the women's division. Have someone standing 6'1 holding that far leg there. Now &gt;&gt; I mean &gt;&gt; interesting wrist grip she was trying to feed under the leg there. &gt;&gt; She's on She's got a great straight foot lock. So she's on that straight foot lock. She has a good one. And Paige did a good job. &gt;&gt; You saw the bend start to come in the sole of the foot there, just implying the amount of pressure. &gt;&gt; Good. Let's look to come up. Let's look to come up. Paige, &gt;&gt; Sloan climber, &gt;&gt; the husband corner as well. &gt;&gt; Beautiful work, Paige. &gt;&gt; Good. Good. &gt;&gt; We're doing good. &gt;&gt; And they find themselves back in the standing position. shoulders. &gt;&gt; H sitting the guard once more. Climber just trying to calculate where does she want to enter in? She want to try and dance around the outside. I mean, what tactic would you take to approach this guard short? &gt;&gt; Well, yeah. So, now she's already put enough pressure to lay Gabby flat. So now around the outside to either lay the leg down so she can start to uh circle back the opposite way or staple the leg. That would give you the angle to do essentially leg drags, knee cuts. Um but I think she should be c Yeah. Yeah, I like that. She should be circling and trying to get to the hip. &gt;&gt; We're going to get the first judges favor in a few moments, but do you think perhaps trying to use cardio as much as possible on on Pasana in that position would have been a good route to victory? Do you think if she can take this deep without getting too fatigued herself, that's a good route? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I don't know. You know, Gabby is so much experience. I don't I don't think I've ever seen her just get exhausted. &gt;&gt; Um, &gt;&gt; and so I I think flanking you using positions where it might not there's no sleeves to hang on to. If if you get if you have Gabby on the bottom using these movement patterns that there's nothing to retain guard with, you know, spider guard. There's no spider guard. There's spider guard leg work, but that's different than actually holding sleeves now. &gt;&gt; Oh, and she just gets caught out of position briefly. There does climber not able to turn back in. She's trying to turn just a hand on her head to drive it into the mat. It's just here you stay. Yeah, she's &gt;&gt; kept her head stuck on the floor. &gt;&gt; I don't know if I've really seen someone do that before. &gt;&gt; Let's see what tactic she will use to break down. Flip over. Almost like she looks like she's going to that fold. Almost a fold, but not now. Maybe for the backhead arm. &gt;&gt; Trying to slide a hook in. Gets the near side hook. &gt;&gt; Yeah, she got an inside leg. See if she Oh, and a good inversion from Climber looking to get something going here. &gt;&gt; It's going to be hard to off balance there. If Gabby starts to put that the get the under hooks in, she's opening that elbow. If that she brings the under hooks in, that's going to be a a difficult task &gt;&gt; because Paige is gonna need to put her head through the legs. you know, if she's outside the leg like that, uh, it's difficult unless you can flare the foot to to get movement because Gabby can just underhook scoop the leg on the right side and clear her out. So, &gt;&gt; she got some movement going there and she's in on a knee bar possibly for a second. Now watch &gt;&gt; climber sucking the leg back in here. You got to get her off of that leg though. It's got to feel decently comfortable in &gt;&gt; the standing scenario. Not just this happens in the key almost all the time. She's going to feel pretty comfortable there. &gt;&gt; Not able to get the offbalance standing. Let's see if she can find some exposure in this position again. And she circles through nicely. &gt;&gt; So &gt;&gt; the corner of climber, we're calling for her to come on top, but it's Pesano who does first. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I agree with that to come up off of the leg entry, but she could she could get her foot back. Her foot was kind of on the outside. I don't think she could get it back to the middle. Allow to come up guard. &gt;&gt; Well, they've called a timeout here. Some &gt;&gt; Not sure if it's the scratch. Yeah, some blood on the face of these &gt;&gt; climber here. They're going to get a towel and just &gt;&gt; clean it up. If it's a scratch or the actual Gabby's by the legs &gt;&gt; now. She could go to north, south, or step all the way. There's a there's a kamura attempt coming here &gt;&gt; by Paige. Now, the story of this bounce so far, it's it's been a lot of pressure from Pasana and Climber has been trying to find these leg entries, but she's been having to do it from these deficit positions where she has to burn so much energy to create the exposure and then &gt;&gt; go through the process over and over. See if Gabby is going to push that right knee down. Yep. And look for the mount. She elects to &gt;&gt; to take the under hook off of that. Now she can use her left foot to assist. That left foot up on the knee. She's just going to use her hand, which is really good when you have a tight cross face like that. So, but Paige is able to scoop up the legs. can let's see if she can exit out that back side. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; You got to say as much as it's been a lot of pressure from Pasana, Climate hasn't given up too many bad positions as &gt;&gt; Yeah. Now she's doing a great job of like keeping herself &gt;&gt; Yeah, she's doing a great job of keeping herself in the game by her defense is is sharp, solid, but she's not she's got to also go from defense to offense. She's got to find she's got to find her position where she can not only defend but get out of these things. &gt;&gt; Yeah, this is the deepest we've got. The strangles coming in. &gt;&gt; They expect Pisana to sink the hips in low here when she gets on top. It's the best position she's had so far. &gt;&gt; It's a big big squeeze and she's just going to cook her in the top position here, Sean. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's going to make her get her arms out, I think. Well, maybe P if she can shrug and continue to get down, but yeah. Yep. She's able to get down low enough where that those arms became a really nice defense. But when steps off, she needs to go. She's gonna have to go and not stop until she's in a better position because she gets stuck again. &gt;&gt; So much easier. &gt;&gt; Oh my lord. I Yeah, it is. &gt;&gt; And of course all this time what Pasana is not doing is really having to expend much energy as well. &gt;&gt; No, she's keeping very good control essentially repeating this whole scenario over and over and over. Turtle. &gt;&gt; All right. It's the same we spoke about it in the watch in Taza match, right? It's a feedback loop that the &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; the bottom player just can't seem to find the way out of &gt;&gt; closed loops where you have &gt;&gt; the player has a set sequence that they are able to stay &gt;&gt; on the offensive side of and although the defense just resets the situation again and again and again, it never really gets them out of that. It's just exhausting. Oh, and especially just a just a face crush. You see the bloods. Oh, yeah. Splurgging out of the nose of climber here. &gt;&gt; Shows you how much pressure she's under. But again, she's going double scoop with the arms to try and force herself lower between the legs of Pisana and find some rest bit from the pressure. &gt;&gt; There it is again. and a reset back to the turtle position. &gt;&gt; Sean, what is it that Pisana has to do diff, you know, think about it from her perspective in this feedback loop? What is it she has to do differently to be able to capitalize on these positions? &gt;&gt; So, not much really. I mean, she's getting a little closer to the head head arm strangle. I don't I don't you know, she's going to have her offense that she's going to try on a submission. She's trying to get to the back and then she's got a kamura grip. So, there's the arm now that she's gone outside that, right? So, now she's actually committing to submit. Um, now she should go back to the mount, right? She's out. She should probably go back to the top. And there, Paige got out of it, right? So, she she said, "You know what? I think maybe Paige is tired enough. I'm going to try uh to go outside that loop and try a submission." And it didn't work out. Paige defended nicely. He was able to exit out of it. But usually those things just they just wear you down, right? They're just wearing you down. Down. And then &gt;&gt; Katakana gets tired. Arm gets tight. Minute 40 left on the clock here and it's a guard pole from Pasano. &gt;&gt; You surprised to see that Sean? &gt;&gt; I mean she has a great guard, right? We saw her with a really nice entry. &gt;&gt; H trying to flank around to the side now. Got to get connection on the shins and then go. Sometimes just trying to run around without real connection is tough. &gt;&gt; She's on her back. So connect connect at least one. She tried to she tried to leg drag but I don't think she walked around quite quite enough. Right. Got to walk around way further to get the hip on the floor before you're able to get that angle on the leg drag. &gt;&gt; Oh this Wow. Good defense from Climber again. And Pasana still going to the well on the straight foot lock she's so good at. &gt;&gt; Into the final few seconds here. Let's roll under this. We can Turtle position here. &gt;&gt; Dive on something here. Looks like to dive on an arm. Try to get an underhook and dive on an arm, but I don't think she's now she's got not good enough. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we're going to go to the judges scorecards one more time tonight. &gt;&gt; It's not really going to be any surprise as to the outcome of this one. It was a valiant defense from Paet Climber. Pesana just too strong, &gt;&gt; too technically proficient on top, &gt;&gt; able to just counter all of the the defensive entries. Yeah, but Paige did a great job staying clear of all the late game, tried her own things, just couldn't really mount uh going from defense back into an offensive cycle in on the leg there, but then yeah, I think she was like, "Oh my, I got I got to worry about my own leg." And rightfully so. And then just was turtle into these mound situations back into half guard right back into this. She scooped her way out Paige which could never really get a reset and back into the turtle again and just stuck there for a while. &gt;&gt; Yeah, this was possibly the closest she got on the back position as well. And you can see some of the pressure on the face here. Just &gt;&gt; the blood. &gt;&gt; Yeah, just blood flying out. It's unpleasant for for Paige, but it's a great shot for us. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. But Paige did a good job. Alex got her up there high with that scoop exit. And &gt;&gt; after 15 minutes, we go to the judges for a decision. All three see it the same way for unanimous victory. Out of the red corner, Gabby Pa. Gary by with your winner Gabby Pagna. It was an amazing battle. This is your W debut. &gt;&gt; How good does it feel to get the win? &gt;&gt; So was amazing. Um first time do you like to say thank you to for grappling to everyone who che for me. Thank you guys for coming and what you guys make a part of this. Thanks so much. So I would like to say thank you to Vito and his family to help me a lot in United States. I would like to say thank you to Victor's student to help me to train to get better here. Uh I would like to say thank you to my family from Brazil to help me. I prefer ghee, but I'm so happy to try no ghee now. And thanks so much. I would like to say thank to my coach Ms. He's Brazil. But he always with me send the manes make a video support me. Thanks so much for everything. So for gladly I did this and I'm excited to the next. I would like to know who's next and thanks so much. &gt;&gt; Well, you mentioned it yourself. We want to know who could be next, too. I want you to enjoy your win, but is there any name you have in mind? &gt;&gt; Uh, I don't know, but I know that Frography have some name. Uh, I'm I'm ready. Send me the contract and the location. I'm excited for this. &gt;&gt; Give it up for your winner, Gabby Pisa. Thank you so much, Gabby. I'm going to pretend like I got that. We need high Howell T here to translate. Give it up one more time. That was an amazing match. Congratulations. And up next, we have what people may call the people's main event. It is the legend Shan Gi Habo taking on Ferris Ben Lamadam. Now, Shanji Habbero, he handled the press conference with class. But Ferris, being the self-proclaimed troll that he is, pushed the buttons and made a disrespectful proposition yesterday that left fans jaws dropped. Here it is. &gt;&gt; Shanji, can I ask you this question? Be honest with me. &gt;&gt; Of course. I think you're the one of the only men in jiu-jitsu to retire twice, right? &gt;&gt; Retired twice. &gt;&gt; I'll retire twice. You've retired twice. You retired at World Ski and you retired at ABCC, right? &gt;&gt; If you lose tomorrow night, will there be a third retirement? Cuz I know you're all about breaking records. And, you know, to be the first person jiu-jitsu to retire three times, I feel like that's a great achievement, you know. So, &gt;&gt; um, I don't think a guy like me really retires. I become masters. Like I said, I'm 44 years old. I didn't &gt;&gt; You're allowed to compete monsters. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's it. I'm still compete. So, there's no idea of retirement. I still bring heat to the game. You know, like I said, I'm You call me a dinosaur, but still have game. &gt;&gt; I mean, look, it wasn't for lack of trying. Ferris really really trying to get under the skin of Shani, but a lot of the time he wasn't he wasn't falling for it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Trying to stir the pot. But uh yeah, I know he he I I think there's probably some fire inside there. But uh but uh we'll see. Shani's a professional, you know, it's very he's been doing this a long time. Professional guy, so I'm sure it's like everything else. Give him enough motivation. Maybe it makes him a little bit more excited. But he's professional, so I'm sure we'll see a calm, cool, collected Shani. So &gt;&gt; yeah, it's it's a really interesting bout coming up uh next when we return from our short commercial break. It's It's just kind of like there's those intangibles. Like we know how good Shani is. We know he's done everything. We know that Ferris is kind of riding a bit of a wave right now. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's very good. &gt;&gt; It's just there's enough of a difference that we're not quite sure how this one's going to play out. &gt;&gt; We will we'll see very shortly. Join us again in just a few short moments after this commercial break. Tonight's Who's Number One is presented by Defense Soap. Now the official soap and body wipe of flow grappling. Protecting you for over 15 years. Defend what you have built. The sport of jiu-jitsu provides so many with a bigger purpose. Jiu-jitsu becomes a part of you. You're faced with so many challenges in the sport, but skin infection shouldn't have to be one of them. And that's our mission. Defense Soap was created out of the need to fight back because we care about this sport, the families, the athletes, the coaches, and we want to continue to protect people from skin infections to keep you on the mat. And that's our goal here at Defense Soap, to defend what you have built. Hey, hey, hey. Hey, hey, hey. Hey, hey, hey. Hey, hey, hey. Get ready for our featured bout of the evening. Introducing first in the blue corner. He stands 6 feet 3 in tall, weighted at 200.2 lbs, fighting out of London in the UK, representing Low Spandidos. He is an IB JJF world noi champion Ferris Ben Lamadare. Ferris Ben Lamad makes his way to the mat here representing Los Banditos out of West London. Been doing very well on the competition scene as of late. First place at the World Nis last year. Obviously just won Mast's World this year as well. He was the coach of team Europe at CGI 2. So really starting to force his way into the consciousness of some of the competitive elements here. and his opponent in the red corner. He stands six feet tall, weighing in at 204 lbs, fighting out of Austin, Texas by way of Brazil, representing Six Blades Juju Jitsu. He is an IBJJF, an ABCC Hall of Famer, one of the most decorated grapplers of all time. Well, and the crowd respond accordingly. Sevent time IBJF world champion, twotime IBJF world noi champion, twotime ADCC champion as well. Sean, he's been competing at the highest level for 21 21 years ago. He won his first world championship. Yeah. And and um you know it's kind of like I believe uh his match with Kit Dale was is good preparation for this. You see what he learned from that and where he would fell short a little bit and makes those adjustments and see if he if he makes it for for this one. &gt;&gt; Well tail of the tape for this one 11 years older that should actually be switched. Shanji Hibro 44 years old and 11 years older but the starown is intense here. White and black for Ben Lamadem. Yellow and black &gt;&gt; for Hiverro. good good wrestling does for us and that that's where Shanji was caught a little bit off guard so tying up and getting this contest to good positions for him &gt;&gt; is going to be key &gt;&gt; I mean you know you talk about the the overall depth of experience of course going the way of Shanji Hero but you look at the last couple of years the amount of competition that Ben Lacodm has been getting in I mean he had a great run uh at ADC Euro trials, right? Knocked up four wins, lost to to ADCC Veterary Lilas in the in the finals. &gt;&gt; Similar the year before, you know, only just missed the podium. He ran into Adam Wzinski. Like he he's been up there with the the top guys trying to draw first blood on the wrestling there. &gt;&gt; That's nice. He snapped actually Ferris snapped him down and he and Shi took advantage of that. &gt;&gt; Was able to drop to his hips. &gt;&gt; Now, I will tell you that Shanji is no Yeah. No SL no stranger to flying. &gt;&gt; Beautiful. &gt;&gt; I was about to say that that Shani is known for a near impossible guard in in competition, but he got tested quickly there on the guard. And it's a a very kind of old school open guard, right, Sean? Like the open guard we see nowadays, guys are sitting up to look for legs a lot. This is more falling back into that knee shield off guard wrestle up possibly kind of vibe. Yeah, he did a nice job of coming up with the leg there, but was just countered really well for Ferris. Not for a head arm here for Ferris. &gt;&gt; Trying to suck those arms out of position there behind the triceps. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you can see &gt;&gt; going to post that right leg up most likely. &gt;&gt; He's got to fight this hands. Yeah, definitely got to fight the hands. You could get a twoon one. Get your elbow out of harm's way. &gt;&gt; You can even go one direction with Well, Ben Luckenham staying in a good spraw position. You see he's got both Owen Jones and PJ B in his corner here tonight. &gt;&gt; Sucks back into half guard in defense. I &gt;&gt; think Greg Zorda is sitting pit side as well there. She does a nice job sticking getting the hook in, clearing them out. Ferris almost came around the corners going around to the north south which is a really good strategy. Shani showing a great counter to that that coming up to single then turtle then he's going to hand fight. He's got to slide back in to some sort of half guard &gt;&gt; back to front head arm. &gt;&gt; How's for headlock? &gt;&gt; Are are you concerned about how long Shani is is hanging out in these positions? Right's ticking time off the clock. It's been a lot of what is effectively a control position on the board for Ben Lamadm. Yeah, I mean you can't I think he's just doing what he needs to do to just defend and yeah if I don't think he can really hustle these positions. Ferris doing a great job with this front head arm. It shows you could post up the right leg and try to sit in but &gt;&gt; going back to the well on the right tricep for there. Actually both triceps. You can see he's just pulling the elbows away. not letting the Brazilian connect his his knees to his elbow and and find some stable base. Ferris close to smashing his knees down here. He's got a good staple on the right side. Know if he'll he's going to try to knee cut to the his left there with that under hook under hook. His head could go on the mat. He's in good position here. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Saw him preemptively put that kind of low post to the ground in that's going to become the full under hook as he looks to move. needs to get the left leg back in good position. &gt;&gt; We're through the first five minutes here, which means the judges favor is going to be announced shortly. Sean, you probably think the the young gun is is going to be ahead right now. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think he's out in front. He's doing a great job of &gt;&gt; judges favor &gt;&gt; blue. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's doing a great job of staying um &gt;&gt; around the legs, around the guard. your head. &gt;&gt; Well, nice show of respect there. That was a a running theme throughout the &gt;&gt; presser yesterday if you caught their sit down with Alex Wendling. &gt;&gt; She straight up asked Faris if he respected Shanji and his response was, "Can you define respect for me?" &gt;&gt; I'm sure once all is said and done, it will be a bit friendlier, but uh you know, there's something to be said for the mind games. snap downs are definitely lost a lot of the pop at the moment. So &gt;&gt; Ferris's snap downs, but uh nice under hooks. It's a throw by snaps him down again. He's trying to trying to dig those deep, but &gt;&gt; he he's not really getting challenged in getting the grip to the back of &gt;&gt; Roberio's head here. See, he just he's just able to get it both times. &gt;&gt; Good shot on the double, but easily blocked. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he had he still had that collar tie fair. So, it's hard to shoot when you have when someone has your head elbow passes and get snapping down to those collar ties. Get rid of those collar ties. And I like this this potential tempo change from Ben Langodet here, right? It's it's not the shot that's going to get it. It's the shot reshot. And we're starting to see him faint for some of those movements now in the last 30 seconds. &gt;&gt; He picked up his pace quite a bit there lasting. Well, we've been very fortunate tonight to have a lot of movement. We haven't seen many calls for Stalling. And it's a beautiful throw by to go to the back and a pick up from Ben Ladv. And hey, the referee didn't stop him. You played at the whistle, right? Well, &gt;&gt; he's got a penalty now for that. &gt;&gt; He did take him down off the map. Pretty clear that it was off the mat, but it was a nice situation where he passed that had that elbow pass and was able to get around the back. He probably just got really excited to get there. &gt;&gt; That's the second or third time now he's been to create a bit more of a scramble. And again in defense, he looks to go to the the back as they find the edge of the map &gt;&gt; into the back half of this one here. Still two title fights coming your way. Helena Craver and Julia Voscha and of course Phipe Paya and Luke Griffith. Top of the card tonight. backwards. It's okay. That &gt;&gt; was a well time well timed entry there, but &gt;&gt; just couldn't come up and and keep that under hook. &gt;&gt; Had a good a good shot earlier on where he was able to force Ben Lamadan back off the mat, but they've all been subsequently blocked. And it's a beautiful pummel on double unders. &gt;&gt; Beautiful body lock. actually use that shin to shin to put the knee on the ground. &gt;&gt; Perch right at the edge of the mat here. So, &gt;&gt; there we go. We get a break from the referee. They're just going to &gt;&gt; check and agree to reset the position. &gt;&gt; minutes. Get a deep half here. &gt;&gt; Had to got his leg out really easy. Ben Lin then does a good job of forcing back to the map once more. There's that shin to shin. That's a good idea to get that knee on the floor in the middle because if it's not on the floor, it's tough. You fell can just keep that pressure moving forward. Once again, the headquarters position where &gt;&gt; he's got that right leg &gt;&gt; stapled and &gt;&gt; well, we're going to get our second judges favor and &gt;&gt; it's unlikely that anything has changed in their minds. &gt;&gt; It's been uh somewhat one-way traffic here. behind him. &gt;&gt; Judges favor &gt;&gt; blue. &gt;&gt; Sean, what does got to do to try and turn the tide here? Because he's two periods down effectively. Even though the bout is judged in its entirety, he's very much on the back foot on the scorecards. So, what's he got to do to try and get things going here with only, you know, a little under four and a half minutes left? Yeah. I mean, so from the feet, he's really not He did have that nice double off this off of the snap down, but he's got to clear there again. That was It's a nice injury. He's got to come up with this now. Can step into the middle. Step into the middle first, then you can step the outside. But like Ferris just has he's just a little bit better there. He was able to defend there. Nice. Shani in deep on that body lock, but just couldn't quite capitalize on that. And then this sort of guard area, he's going to have to take a little bit more risk actually. He's he's getting stuck here for these periods of time where he can't go when he gets the left leg back in a position. It's just essentially a reset. So there's going to come up out try to go into deep half maybe exit out the back side. He's trying to find his way under the deep half there. It's an interesting position because the leg isn't up on the shoulder like it would typically be &gt;&gt; there. I was going to say that that that was a good idea to pull and then go one way, but it was just too slippery. He lost the knee. &gt;&gt; Well, PJ Bart in the corner of Ben Lanka there. And of course, BC one of the the best to have integrated wrestling into the modern NO game. So if they've been getting a lot of training time together, you can see &gt;&gt; just how sharp the defensive wrestling of Ben Laden is. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, Far's doing a good job of really just staying strong positions. He's snapping the hands off. He's he's he's never not really been on the receiving end of any sort of collar ties very often. And Sean just had some really welltimed shots, but you can see the elbow passes there. Like all that stuff's really nice. It's fundamental. and uh &gt;&gt; he's just staying a little ahead of the hand fighting game. &gt;&gt; Well, the sweat is starting to pour now as we approach. &gt;&gt; Just about two and a half minutes left in this one. &gt;&gt; Yeah. See, there's a nice He's cleared the collar ties last double. solid fundamentals really. And &gt;&gt; and it's the other thing, right? He's the one getting the collet size, so he can pretty easily dictate when those frames come away. Got a good level change. &gt;&gt; A high leg guard retention from. But but as you alluded to, Sean, if you're going to take a risk, it's got to be now. Yeah, there there there he's kind of trying to get up on the legs back in the deep half, but again loses the under hook there. Got his foot out pretty easily last time. Was able to lean hard enough to towards the head and free his foot. &gt;&gt; Could he have a bite on the arm here? He thought about locking up the the figure four grip. &gt;&gt; He's going to try to flip over backwards. I think he's got the hip. So, see if he can get his leg out. Change his mind. What? Sometimes you get that hip. You can almost do a backwards somersault ends up you end up in the leg on the leg but like that kind of like that but now let's see if he can take the back here. Stay tight enough to come up to the hips. Oh, he just loses the ankle. You got to say it's a great composed performance from Ben Lan here showing that the veteransship that he has &gt;&gt; in staying calm in these positions. He's being methodical about what he's doing &gt;&gt; and he finally earns the pass there. Does he giving up his back in defense? &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's got to be careful not to give up too much there without hand fighting well. And &gt;&gt; so he can explode away with the bottom leg first if he's going to run away and that would allow him to get back to turtle. But there's only short time. &gt;&gt; One hook for Ben Lam Cadm. Can he finish strong here? getting a bit gritty there with the the head post as well in the closing seconds. &gt;&gt; Probably going to see There we go. &gt;&gt; He knew we were going to see some gamesmanship at the end. He knows he's done enough. The crowd are not happy. But Shani Hero says, "You know what? Show show the man is due." Class act as always. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Just really nice performance by Ferris there. Shut just shut him down. Just shut Shanji down and uh Shanji could never really get anything going from that guard position. He's he was defending the Zgard kind of nice but couldn't get the knee to the floor and just really didn't have that from defense into offense. Uh he couldn't pull that off tonight. &gt;&gt; Let's take a look back at some of the replays from that match. Sure. And there's going to be a a lot of positional changes, some good little wrestling exchanges to talk about. &gt;&gt; There there was that first one where he snapped them down and and trying was able to secure the legs, but they went out of bounds. There's this elbow pass into the body lock and then kind of out of bounds. His foot swept out of bounds. Not not a hard landing or anything, but still out of bounds. And then again, that's great timing on that shot. There's even a better one coming up later. He really timed them well. Ferris on the body lock. Got that around. And that's kind of that situ right here. This whole position just happened for a lot of the match. There's a nice timing here. He gets his hands locked, but he's can't step in the middle. He can't get in the middle. He tried the outside potentially should have come to the middle first and then outside, but um Ferris did a great job of defending and then putting him putting Shani right back in that position. There's that blast double and then once again in the guard here where Shani couldn't get the knee to the mat. a late a late attempt at the leg uh and then trying to take the back but it just slipped out. Yeah, this foot's going to slip out right here. &gt;&gt; And Ferris just a solid solid performance. I mean super solid looked good the whole time through. &gt;&gt; Well, you wouldn't expect much less from a black belt under Hodger Gracie. Let's go ahead get the official decision. After 15 hard f minutes, we go to the judges who've rendered their decision for your winner. Out of the blue corner, Ferris Ben Laden. Ben Laden taking the victory here. What a who's number one debut for him. Shanji Haberio falls to one and two with his record here on these mats and Ben Lamato not not really playing that game right now. Well, we'll see if there's something spicy for him to say. Bengadem is with Alex Wendling &gt;&gt; standing by with your winner, Ferris Ben Lancadam. What does a win over a legend like Shanji Habro say about your career so far? &gt;&gt; Uh, you know, big respect to Shanji for taking a match. You know, he's a legend. He didn't have to take a match with a younger fit guy. He could have taken a bit of an easier match, but that shows his character. You know, it's all uh fair game and love and war, right? So ultimately, like I said at the press conference, there's always respect afterwards and you know, big respect to a legend like Shanzi. So nothing but love for him. So let's give a round of applause for the legend, man. &gt;&gt; Yes, Shanzi. Taking this match on short notice. Now, this was your W debut. What do you want next? &gt;&gt; Listen, man. They need to put some respect on my name because everyone was doubting me in this fight. They had me counted out. But look, the king of the gringoes always comes up on top. Yeah. And we're going to come back again. Listen, sometimes when you say the truth in a world full of lies, it sounds crazy, but Faradinho is the truth. And we'll be back on this stage and all the other stages. We still have unfinished business in Brazil. So, I need to get out there and get a leg back from my boy after what happened. So, hopefully we can make that happen and get one back for the greenos. It's a declaration of war, baby. We're coming for you. &gt;&gt; Give it up for Ferris, your winner. I mean, Sean, with performances like that, it's it's a little tough to argue that, hey, it's not going to be fun to see him back and throw some more Brazilians at him. &gt;&gt; Well, yeah. I mean, if if you're you're performing, um you're you're you you can talk. Yeah. If you're a performer, what what's somebody going to say? If you're if you're talking walking the walk, talking the talk, whatever it's you did a great performance tonight. looks super solid and I'd love to see him come back. I'd love it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, really composed performance from Emlan Cadm. Very happy to have him back again. We've still got more to come. We've got two title fights coming up. The first of which, of course, is our women's featherweight title. It's Helena Crabar taking on Julia Bocher. Crabar, of course, taking that win with a great performance submission over Elizabeth Clay back at who's number 127. Let's remind you of how that happened and work our way towards the first of these title fights. It's It's basically like a spine lock. Um, and she'll use this to get the hooks in most likely. And now she Now she can finish here. She'll be able to strangle here. Yeah, she's going to switch it. So, didn't like the position she had on the face, but she's still got her arm. I mean, that's is dangerously close here. Liz Clay needs to get that something around the strangle. Yeah, it's now it's going to get really tight. This Clay weathered the storm, but Helena Craver's got the body triangle and it looks like the arms. And that is it. Helena Cravar wins by submission &gt;&gt; by rear naked choke. And no, who's the number one featherweight champion of the world? Helena. Tonight's Who's Under One is sponsored by Swain Mats by Dalmer, the official mat of Flowgrappling. Visit dmer.com or scan the QR code on screen and use code flow10 for 10% off your very own Swain Flowgrappling 10x10 foot on mat. Experience the hybrid difference at dimemer.com. Hallelujah. Hey, hey, hey. Hey, hey, hey. Heat. Heat. N. Hey, hey, hey. Hey you. Hey. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hey. We've reached the co-main event of the evening, the women's featherweight championship of WNO. Introducing first in the blue corner. She stands 5' 3 in tall, weighed in at 145 lbs, fighting out of Midland, Texas by way of Brazil, representing Bruno Bastos Jiujitsu. She is the IBJJF Brazilian Nationals champion and a nogi world champion at Brown Belt. Put your hands together for Julia Boser. Julia Boscher making her who's number one debut tonight in this title shop. She's been training for some nearly 20 years here. Has won world championships in ghee and noi in the colored belts, but at the black belt level. Sean, she's she's had matches with all of the big names, but never quite managed to to just get the best of them yet. Yeah, I think I think that she's going to have to be very physical and very fast and try to stay outside of of of the grip of Helena Krebar &gt;&gt; and her opponent in the red corner. She stands 5 feet 6 in tall and weighed in at 145 lbs. fighting out of Austin, Texas, and representing Kingsway Jiu-Jitsu. She is the youngest ever world pound-for-pound number one, Helena Gra. Well, world pound-for-pound number one really does say it all. Undefeated here on the Who's Number One Mats? silver medalist at ADCC last year. She's a 70 kg champion at Polaris as well. She's won worlds at Colors Belts just because she hasn't had a chance to do it as a black belt yet cuz she's only just 18. And of course, Sean, earlier this year, she took home $100,000 for winning the women's CGI 2 bracket. So, what a career already and so much more to look forward to. &gt;&gt; Taylor tape for the first of your two title bouts this evening. Women's featherweight gold on the line. 30-year-old Julia Boscher takes on 18year-old Helena Cravar. The bigger in stature going to Cravar. And you're going to see her put that to use, I'm sure, as you said, Sean. She's going to look for the tieups, play from the guard probably, and really look to work her entanglements. &gt;&gt; Josh Palmer, Sha Williams on the call for you here in Texas. 15 minutes on the clock. White and black for Bera, white and gray for Cravar. &gt;&gt; I like what Ber's doing. Trying to stay outside with the the elbow ties. And now she's got to get around the legs right away. She circle around the legs &gt;&gt; and stay sort of in that middle distance until she can create some movement where she's not &gt;&gt; going to get pulled in. It's an aggressive and physical start. And as you said, Sean, really trying to work on the outside here. &gt;&gt; I think that's a good strategy. It's going to be a long match for that type of strategy, but I think that's a a good a good one to start with. &gt;&gt; Let's hope she's been working on her cardio to keep putting those lateral passes in. &gt;&gt; That was a beautiful move from triangle into leg. And now she's got a very deep bite on the leg here. &gt;&gt; Yeah, this could be over. Looking to get a grip on the heel. &gt;&gt; Yeah, she's got a back side heel hook here. See if she switches her grip. She's trying to pull the knee in, which is a good idea. She still got that heel exposure. Got the knee in. Now she could go. She back heels hard and pulls that bottom knee forward. You see that? Right now, Boscher is pushing that leg. Good idea because if that knee starts to go on the quad, it's going to get really tight. that bottom leg. &gt;&gt; See that left arm pinning? It's good defense in the legs, but this is getting tight. &gt;&gt; Yeah, she back stepped into where now it's almost even tighter. Um, she had a good &gt;&gt; And that's a that's a great shot of how deep this inside triangle position is for for Cravar here. She's just got to try and get some heel exposure. &gt;&gt; Yeah, fighting the hands uh will delay can delay. Uh, it's going to be tight now. She she's going to lose the grip on the hand. So, &gt;&gt; and that's that's gonna Now it's going to get on a little bit. &gt;&gt; Wow. Cravar bridging in turn to the side of the knee. &gt;&gt; Yeah, she's got her knee free. Good job. Doing a good job defending. Keeps that bottom leg away. &gt;&gt; Straight back into the same position again here, though. Now see if she could pummel her that that right leg, &gt;&gt; push the top leg down and pummel it behind and just jet right out. So her her right leg that one she's back stepping in and that's making it that can make it tighter. If if Helena's if that grip gets on there just a bit sooner that that she could be back stepping into a very tight heel. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Going straight foot lock now. is bridging in hard and that's a lot of pressure on the foot. &gt;&gt; That look where the heel comes out. &gt;&gt; She's trying her own foot lock. It's good strategy when you can't get out is to try to reattack to use that as an escape. Did a great job. &gt;&gt; Well, good defense. &gt;&gt; Solid deep defense obviously &gt;&gt; been working on that. Very nice. &gt;&gt; Walk back this way. Walk back this way. &gt;&gt; Oh, great trying to fight that under hook. She nearly did a good job of wrestling to the back there. Julian, these these attacks that are going to get her off to the side, right inside the guard. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that close guard is certainly not somewhere she wants to be, but it's straight back on the legs for Cravar here. And she pummeles that outside foot under this such an annoying position to defend a straight foot off from, isn't it? Yeah, because the bottom hook will move the foot out into where that that heel it's just shallow. I mean, still tight, but that bottom right leg moves the foot into where the heel is now on the ribs and and then you can go legs on the outside. Get super tight. &gt;&gt; Oh, she gets it. And it was the lock in the end. You saw the heel just slip out from the straight foot lock. Helena Cravar retains the who's number one women's title here. &gt;&gt; Yeah, great solid defense though. And here we go. We'll look at that. So Atlanta get in right away. Uh, and then that was tight. I mean, that that was deep. Just the bottom leg really did a great job of of defending on the bottom leg. This heel hook had some bite, but again, great deep defense pushing that bottom leg away. And this one was just too much. I think this is where she gets that AI lock. She couldn't get her foot out of there. And wham. Yeah. So tight. I mean, you know, as we said, Sean, it was great defense from BA, but at the end of the day, if you're defending non-stop at a certain point, it just takes one slip up. &gt;&gt; This championship bout comes to an end just 5 minutes and 8 seconds into the action. for your winner and still the featherweight champion of the world, Helena Craber. &gt;&gt; Elena Cra gets the win here. Ricardo Amandolia presenting her with a retained women's featherweight belt. Let's see how she's feeling. She's with Alex. &gt;&gt; Standing by with Helena Crabar. You're retaining the belt. How does it feel getting the submission victory? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it feels amazing. uh was able to showcase different uh aspects of my game like attacking the legs going into the upper body and some of my wrestling. So very happy with the performance. At this point we're running out of opponents for you. What is next? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like uh definitely I want to defend this belt again and really at who's number one I'd love to for them to open a 155 pound division so that I could go for the second title and yeah just keep collecting as many titles as I can. and I saw you shake the hands of your team. It's very special to be able to do this on the last WNO card here in Austin, Texas. So, how proud do you think they are of you retaining your belt? Yeah, I'm sure very proud, but I'm really grateful to have such an amazing team and of course my coaches and everyone at Kingsway super helpful in developing my game. So, I'm really thankful to have them. And up next, we have a teammate of yours, Luke Griffith. You think he's going home with that belt tonight? Yeah, definitely. I'm rooting for him and I know that he'll do amazing and hopefully we can both win the titles at who's number one. &gt;&gt; Yes. Will Kingsway keep this momentum into that main event? Congratulations, Shelena. You are an absolute assassin. &gt;&gt; You're amazing. &gt;&gt; Congratulations once again to Helena Cravar. Uh Sean, the challenge really here at Who's Number One is we got to find people to fight this woman. And uh &gt;&gt; man, it's tough. It's got to be tough like um you you have to have a way to win, right? So um she's very very wellrounded in her game. Uh looking good, better and better all the time. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, uh I'm sure I trust the guys here to be able to do that. &gt;&gt; Definitely. &gt;&gt; Uh we've got one more bout coming up your way. It is the the men's heavyweight title. The title that of course was vacated by the king himself, Gordon Ryan. He's now cornering in the next match. his teammate Luke Griffith in his quest to finally beat Felipe Paya and see if he can snatch that title. Sean, we've spoken about it a few times tonight. It's just it's a it's a great match because both guys, you can see their paths to victory. They're both coming in fresh. They're coming in refueled. Uh you know, nothing else really matters at this point. It's it's a good solid matchup. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And both of their contests had their adversity for both gentlemen. I mean, Luca had this back in both of those matches and it's just so, you know, Luke's knocking on the door. Philip's shutting the door, but Luc is knocking on that door. So, you know, is it is it his night? I don't know. &gt;&gt; Well, let's see if he knocks on the door one more time. And if he can open it in a few short moments after this commercial break, it is the final match of the night, the heavyweight title. Phippe Paya and Luke Griffith. Stay with us right here at Who's Number One. &gt;&gt; Powered by IM8, the all-in-one formula for fighters. Built for performance, trusted for recovery. Use code flow sports for 10% off at im8alth.com. Hallelujah. Hey, hey, hey. Hey, hey, hey. Hey, kill me. Hey, hey, hey. Heat. Heat. N. Heat. Heat. Heat. N. Hey, hey, hey. On December 5th, the Who's number one heavyweight title goes up for grabs. A new king will be crowned and two of the sport's most dangerous men step into the fire to claim it. For nearly a decade, Felipe Penna has ruled the heavyweight division. ADCC champion, IBJJF champion, and one of the most complete grapplers the sport has ever seen. Across from him stands Luke Griffith, the young lion from South Africa. Relentless pace, razor sharp technique, a rising force who's been hunting legends one by one. And now with Gordon Ryan's throne vacated, the door has swung wide open. No champion, no certainty, just opportunity. Who becomes the next superstar of WNO? Will it be the relentless pace of Felipe Penna or the suffocating pressure of Luke Griffith for 3 years. Gordon Ryan held the crown. But when he vacated the belt in May 2025, the empire needed a new ruler. Felipe wasted no time. Since 2023, he's been flawless on the W mats. Taking out Nick Rodriguez, submitting Heisamita, outclassing Raphael Lovato Jr., and at Wo25, finishing the surging Declan Moody. His path to gold unavoidable. But destiny always demands a challenger. Luke Griffith burst onto the scene in 2022 and hasn't stopped climbing. Wins over Heisam Rita Roosevelt Soua and a dominant shutout win over world champion Victor Hugo have pushed him straight into the spotlight. And his story is tied directly to the throne he wants to seize. Felipe's rivalry with Gordon Ryan is legendary, but this is the next chapter. Luke has trained under the Kingsway banner for years, sharpening the exact weapons built to dethrone Felipe. This isn't just a title fight. It's an ideological war. They've met twice before. Once in the ADCC World Championship Finals. Luke came out fast and explosive. But Felipe turned the tide and snatched the submission, crushing Luke's dreams of ADCC gold. A year later at CJI 2, they met again. Felipe struck first and struck hard. Though Luke had just stepped off the mats moments before, fresh versus fatigued. Now, for the first time, they meet with everything equal, and everything is on the line. A vacant throne, a decadel long champion, a hungry new lion. history waiting to be written. This is WNO31. This is the heavyweight title the world has been waiting for. We've reached the main event of the evening. Kalahari, are you ready? This is the WO Heavyweight Championship of the World. Introducing first in the blue corner. He stands 6 feet 6 in tall and weighed in at 242 lbs. Fighting out of Austin, Texas by way of South Africa. Representing Kingsway Juju Jitsu. He's an ADCC World Silver Medalist and the number two heavyweight fighter in the world, Luke Griffin. Challenger number one enters the mat. Luke Griffith from South Africa. Originally born in Johannesburg, but he's been a longtime member of New Wave, now Kingsway Jiu-Jitsu here. As you heard in the intros, ADCC silver medalist, multiple times NOI world champion in the brown belt divisions and he's pretty much flawless here on the who's number one stage and he's taken out some big name short like Victor Hugo Nick Rodriguez. &gt;&gt; He's got all the tools to win tonight. &gt;&gt; He does and and and he's been in good positions. He just couldn't quite secure them against Phipe. and his opponent in the red corner. He stands 6'2 in tall, weighed in at 232.2 lbs, fighting out of Bell Horizone, Brazil, representing Gracie Baja. He is the twotime ADCC world champion and the twotime IBJJF world champion and the number one ranked heavyweight in the world. It's Philip P, &gt;&gt; one of the most accomplished grapplers of the modern era, multiple time world champion, multiple time ADCC champion. And again, another man with a phenomenal 4-1 record here on the who's number one stage. And as we've said a few times tonight, Sean, he's he's one of the kind of elder Brazilians now who's really kept actually moving his game forward. He got in tune with the leg locks. He got in tune with the wrestling. Uh it's a very very dynamic fighter. And of course, one of the things I love as we take a look at the tail of tape here. Both these guys have incredible finishing ratios and incredible finishing instincts as well. There's your tail of the tape. 34 years old, Felipe Pñena, the senior to Luke Griffith. &gt;&gt; Oh, Sean, you're fired up for this one. &gt;&gt; Oh, 100%, man. I can't I mean, you just don't know, right? &gt;&gt; Both have been back and forth. So, the trilogy is here, buddy. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And as you said, Sean, as we we get this title match underway in all those matches, they both had their moments. They both could have come out the victor, &gt;&gt; but 15 minutes on the clock here to find out who's getting that vacant heavyweight title. &gt;&gt; Josh Palmer, Shawn Williams here for you from a packed house in Austin, Texas. Thanks for joining us here live on Flow Grappling. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Luke has a tremendous ability to get to the back from the standing position. So it's, you know, these ducks and slide bys and things like this under hooks and and so he's very very good at getting around the corner to the back off the feet position. So &gt;&gt; conversely, we look at Pñena can do the exact exact same thing just from the guard position. so good at coming up and forcing the scrambles and the exposure. &gt;&gt; You know, we we mentioned in the pre-show and you heard it in in the the excellent hype video there uh from from Reed. You know, they fought a couple of times before, but you take CGI 2, right? The last time they met, Griffith fell to an arm bar for Pñena. He just fought an entire match submitting Diego Pau and under that format immediately with no rest had to fight Pñena. So, you know, it's tough to to draw full conclusions from that, right? Money's the water somewhat. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we'll find out now, right? So, both guys heavy heavy on the call, smacking each other around on the hand fighting. I don't I don't know if Phipe is trying to just get keep Luke standing up and then he's going to drop his level and shoot a double. It could be a strategy here to see you that is an underhook already. Um, &gt;&gt; let's see if he does like a far side knee knee type. Could be a strategy's good like that. He'll to set you up before you know he's setting you up. Feels like he's just caller tying savage like but then all of a sudden that's just to get somebody to stand up and then out of nowhere will be sort of a blast doubleish or that's how you know he doubled Luke in ADCC and that's kind of was what set that &gt;&gt; win up really. Griffith snatched the single here and head or guine attempt. &gt;&gt; Luke has a great guillotine but I think Luke's gonna saw him finish with that kind of snatch guillotine as well. &gt;&gt; Griffith earns the top position here with that single and that's what he's got to watch out for the the quick wrestle up &gt;&gt; from Pña. Perfect. &gt;&gt; Perfect. So, Phipe is really good in getting entangled the legs, those bear traps, the situations where he pummeles, they he'll pummel the right leg over and get into these scenarios where he can do that. He can tie up your legs, sweep you, get to the top. Oh, Luke on the back again here. &gt;&gt; Good counter. That's one hook rolling through trying to get the second. Looks like he's just about got it. &gt;&gt; Phipe was Yeah, he almost had doesn't quite have the hip. You see how Philip's hips is be are beating him to the ground. Now he has a back control body triangle as well. &gt;&gt; And he's got his hand across the face. Felipe got to get that hand in there cuz he he'll finish here. He's going to finish it and Luke gets the championship belt. And Painter thinks he held it a little bit too long, but Lou Griffith fired up here. A quick submission win. He is your new heavyweight champion. &gt;&gt; What a scramble. We said, Sean, the finishing instinct. They get to the back, it could be over like that. &gt;&gt; And that time he was able to actually keep the back, right? Man, it was so close. Filipe almost out. Almost out. Almost out. Almost out. And then he was able to keep the back. &gt;&gt; Well, they're still having a few words. And I got to say, Sean, I I understand Painter's frustration. &gt;&gt; Yeah, of course. He was tapping. He was tapping. You know, I think Luke got caught up in the moment. &gt;&gt; Well, we're going to go ahead and and get some replays for you. I'm sure there'll be plenty of people looking back at this finish. It was a great scramble sequence. Let's take a look. These are your full fight highlights. It was a fairly short affair here, but talk us through it, Sean. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he had that single. He tried he tried that run the pipe with the head. He was able to put him down with just running the pipe and then Yeah, Philipe didn't get in on those strangle hands. He just didn't get in on it. And then Luke has a really brutal choke here and then yeah, you can see Philipe and he still gave him a little squeeze. So, I don't I don't blame Philip to be a bit frustrated with that. I believe Luke was probably just really excited, but but uh but yeah, he he was able to keep the back and that what was really um I don't know if we're going to cue that up again, but how he kept the back. Uh I mean, Philipe was really close to getting now. &gt;&gt; I'm sure we'll see it a few more times in the post show, but let's go ahead and get the official decision. And your main event comes to an end inside the fourth minute of action. Your winner by submission and new WNO Heavyweight Champion of the World, Luke Griffin. He remains perfect on the Who's Number One stage. and finally secures his win emphatically. You have to say, Sean. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Over Phipe Paya. &gt;&gt; I mean, he he had been there early on and in both previous contests the same like back take early on but couldn't keep it that time. He made the adjustments was able to keep it. &gt;&gt; I mean, I'm going to need someone to make a meme with the roll counter. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Of how many times Paya tried to get that escape going. But let's find out how our new champ's feeling. He is with Alex Wetling. &gt;&gt; Your new heavyweight champion. It is Luke Griffith with a dominant win. I got to ask at the end. There was a little bit of talk going back and forth. Can you explain that what that was to the audience? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh I I did hold on a little bit longer than maybe I could have, but uh I was waiting for the referee to stop it. I hit a tap along, but don't talk to the ref stop. So yeah, &gt;&gt; when the belt is on the line, you got to wait till the ref stops it. You got the submission tonight and you did it with your Kings Wave family here. How does it feel? &gt;&gt; Feels amazing. You know, I just want to say a huge thank you to everybody who helped me during this camp. You know, there's a lot that goes into it. Uh so to John, Gordon, Gary, Nicholas, all the guys. Thank you to my wife, my sister. Thank you guys. Um I can't do this by myself. So, it takes a whole team. So, it feels amazing. &gt;&gt; You're just 25 years old. What does a win like this and being the heavyweight champion mean to you at this point of your career? I mean, it feels amazing. Um, this is something that I've dreamed of as long as I can remember. And so to finally have my hands on this, you know, and uh and also to step up and and take the place from Gordon, you know, he was so dominant for so long and uh he's helped me so much. So to be able to step into this and and take over from him feels really good. &gt;&gt; I'm sure he is very very proud. Gordon, can we please talk to you? An amazing performance by your boy. You vacated the belt. He's handing it to you. I know a lot of people in here want to see you out there again, but we know that you're more focused on coaching now. What does it mean to you to be able to see him take that belt? &gt;&gt; Well, I was hoping someone was going to win the Absolute last year so they could take my spot at ACC, but this is this is a close second. You know, I I relinquished the title and uh you know, Luke came out here and put on a perfect performance. So, I couldn't be happier. You know, this is definitely his belt, but I couldn't be happier and more proud of him. you know, uh, coming back and and and beating a guy who has beaten you twice, um, by submission nonetheless is a super hard thing to do psychologically. Uh, so for him to come in and and put the pace on and and and finish Penna the same way that Penna finished him, uh, was was a very validating feeling, I think, for everybody on the team. So, you know, couldn't couldn't be more happy for you. &gt;&gt; And now both titles are going back home to Kingsway. What statement does that make about Kingsway Jiu-Jitsu? &gt;&gt; I think we killed it tonight. You know, I think uh with the with the greatest grappling team in the world and you know, I'm excited to uh to see what the future holds for the Kingsway people. We have a lot of young athletes coming. We never had a we never had a talent pool, a big talent pool to pick from, but now that we have our own academy, uh you see a lot of young talented athletes coming in and I'm super excited for that. &gt;&gt; We can't wait to see some of the other matchups coming up for you guys. Congratulations. Enjoy the win. This is your heavyweight champion. Give it up for Luke Griffin. Yes.