Kind: captions Language: en Sarah also had two teammates fight Gabi throughout the tournament and have some nice matches with them. So, a lot of studying of her game going around. And here we go. A little early foot sweep action from Gabi Pessanha. Very loud in here. Aggressive start for Gabi Pessanha. Resetting here in the middle after a couple foot sweep attempts. Took them out of bounds. Be interesting to see after such a close after such a close match before if their strategy with each other changes at all in the last 2 months. It's their first meeting ever in the ghee as well. Their first meeting in general, ghee or no ghee. We talked a bit earlier about Gabi's cross collar grip takedown that she do. Collar drag from the feet. See if she goes from that. Sarah also has a really good single leg in standing position. Yeah, it will be interesting to see if Gabi brought the brought the brought the collar drag back. She She uses it quite a bit and she used to use it almost every match you would see. She would take people down, especially in her weight class. Um Yeah, really strong takedown there. She'd grab that grab she'd take her hand go to the cross collar and the sleeve. She'd drag them across. Her face would usually go towards the ground and she'd come up and oftentimes take the back or sometimes land on top and have a pass already depending on how they fell. One thing I think about too with Gabi's it's been a while since she had like really close matches. It's been a very long time and most of her matches vast majority are extremely dominant. So, I wonder what it's like to you know have one of the new up and coming black belts come and have an almost win have a very close match like she did in in Europeans and then have to prepare for that. I wonder if there's any pressure that comes into play. If she feels any sort of pressure or any sort of you know different kind of anxiety about that to try to prepare for it when it's just been a while since she's had those tightly contested matches. She's pretty calm walking up to the match. Always. Smile on her face, [laughter] yeah. Always, yeah. Definitely. But yeah, it's a great point. Well, she she the approach seems different is why I think about that is she usually comes out very aggressive. Whether it's a guard pull or a takedown, she is on the hunt from the very beginning and you never see her this you know, kind of laid back and thoughtful I would maybe say or less aggressive. There's a penalty for Sarah Galvao. Yeah, one penalty there for Sarah. First time there you saw Gabi reach down for a leg. Looked like. Sarah jumps to the closed guard. Earlier in the tournament we saw Lillian compete against Gabi got to the closed guard and was working on an arm drag. Looked like she had a bit of success with that. Yeah, that was definitely one of her her better opportunities Lillian. So, wouldn't be surprised if we see bit of that action from Sarah. And not surprising to me too that that Gabi insisted on on on playing on top seeing as she had a hard time with Galvao's uh passing in European. That was that was really how Sarah made some progress put some advantages on the board. Sarah reaching over the top of the shoulder looked like she was maybe trying to reach for the belt got the middle of the back. Gabi keeping her elbows both in really tight on the inside of her thighs. Sarah's got a hold of a lapel here with her right hand I think trying to pass it to her left hand. She's got two underhooks underneath Gabi's arms. Can't tell if her hands are locked together or not. Sarah drops down trying such a good closed guard attack when you get double unders like that you can bridge them backward off the closed guard. But Gabi stays standing. Now looking a little aggressive on the feet here. Sarah jumps again trying to close the guard but Gabi brings her knee in the middle off of the jump. Gabi in a strong knee cut opportunity here. Sarah's right foot on the hip though is going to keep Gabi at bay at least for the moment. Gabi pulling up on the right sleeve of Sarah. She's going to do that to try to keep Sarah on her back. Sarah's still trying to turn on her side though. She's got a grip on the lapel. Gabi pulling up on the sleeve. Sarah forced to turtle. Wow, and stays neutral without exposing the back there. Advantage for Gabi Pessanha. So, they take care of this advantage over for Gabi Pessanha. Sarah had turtled and I had wondered if she was out of that danger zone for the advantage being like kind of head to head but it it seems she wasn't. So, Gabi was enough on the side there to force to force the turtle get the advantage. Now Sarah pulls again into sit up guard. Sitting up here past the lapel or sorry past trying to pass that sleeve trying to pass Gabi's left sleeve. on the shin that could help. Oh yeah, she has a shin on shin with the left. Gabi looking very confident here in this knee cut. Sarah's got the belt threaded through behind the leg. She's lost that shin on shin you mentioned earlier Danny now but now she's trying to bring that foot to the hip. Gabi swims through underneath Sarah's left leg with her arm. So, that Gabi can't use that foot to create any space or or off balance her. Sarah puts the left foot on the hip trying to create some space. Sits up gets a hold of the leg. She's got that shin on shin back for a second. She had created a little momentum trying to use that left foot to create space here pushing Gabi away with her foot on the hip. She created a little room to come up in that sit up guard but Gabi's put her right back down. Also has her bottom leg in front of the hip of Gabi Pessanha. Gabi steps over it. Looks like Sarah wants to off balance her and come up on a single leg. Yes, Sarah has beautiful wrestle ups. It's a lot to ask though under the under the knee cut of Gabi Pessanha. Very strong position for her. She passes so many guards this way. Gabi controlling that top foot with her left hand. Trying to throw that by and force Sarah to turtle. Sarah recovers potentially on an omoplata here. &gt;&gt; for Sarah. Gabi postures out. Sarah making double sleeve grips here. Gabi trying to toriano pass around to the side. She exposes the back again. Sarah still rolling through though. Gabi stacking now here a lot of pressure down with that left forearm. Sarah frees that right knee. Just 2 minutes left here. Gabi leading by two advantages to Sarah's penalty. Sarah's got that ankle tucked with her armpit there. Really tough position. Sarah trying to square back up here from turtle. It's going to score another advantage here for Gabi. Sarah trying to roll through underneath that leg. Using the right knee and shin to break the grip on the collar. Sarah looked to be trying to break that yeah, break that grip off and re-guard here. But Sarah Gabi has a grip on the pant that's stopping Sarah from rolling all the way through looks like. Her left hand on that left leg of Sarah Galvao. She's trying to use her knee to break the grip that Sarah has on the wrist. So, they're working to re-guard here with 1 minute left. 56 seconds. Gabi Pessanha has three advantages. No points. Mentioned earlier in the match, Kendall, that you thought Gabi was probably going to try to play on top based on how the the match played out in Europeans. It's definitely what we've seen so far. She seems pretty insistent to try to be on top, pass the guard, force Sarah to turtle. She's been very successful with all that so far. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Sarah trying to keep the fight in the middle of the mat here. Kind of back and back uh backing up. Sarah shoots on a low single trying to pull Gabi in. She's pulled her back up. Sarah's got her back. SHE GETS TWO POINTS. OH MY GOD. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; SARAH GOT FOUL. SHE'S GOING TO EARN two points. TWO POINTS FOR SARAH GOT FOUL. FROM GABI PESSANHA. Fleeing the mat from the scoring position. She's going to put two points on the board. The referee They're going to review the tape. We're not sure where they're going to restart them just yet. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; They're going to restart on the ground. Wow, they're going to restart in that back position. We've seen this happen like three times through the tournament. I think they're going to start seated where they rolled out of the bounds. They're going to restart exactly where they ended here on the edge. Four points for Sarah got foul. She's up six nothing. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Sarah looking to finish here. Setting up this collar choke. Oh wow, look at the defense by Gabi. Gabi coming out. Sarah jumping over the top. Sarah go for the arm. Looking for the finish with 10 seconds. Gabi posturing out and fighting now &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; to come up on top and pass the guard of Sarah. Sarah got foul with double gold at the Pans. Takes out Gabi Pessanha in the ABSOLUTE FINAL. GOES CRAZY. That was unbelievable, Danny. She did what no one has done at black belt ever in IBJJF competition. Takes out the best of the best, Gabi Pessanha. Unbelievable history-making moment here for Sarah Galvao. Wow. The courage to shoot for the low single, climbing up to the back. Less than a minute left. The transition from the single leg pulling her back in bounds to getting both hooks on the back. Unreal. What a match. Wow. Unbelievable performance. Got to feel amazing for Sarah coming back from the loss in Europeans to Gabi in the absolute final. This time gets it done [music] under a minute left. When she made that happen, scored those points, And the 2016 adult female black belt open class champion Sarah Galvao is your double gold champion here at the Pans. What a way to end the event.