Kind: captions Language: en On this episode, we're going to dive into some of the Pans results that we didn't get to last week. We're going to talk about some of the electric moments that you guys should know about. We're also going to look ahead at the ADCC West Coast trials, as well as who's qualified for the ADCC World Championship and what we think about these brackets and how they're shaping up for the World Championship. But first, I want to say that the Flow Grappling Show is brought to you by Merik Health, helping athletes optimize hormones, improve recovery, and maximize performance through precision lab testing and expert medical oversight. I'm about to get linked up with the boys. I'm going to go do a full blood panel. I'm just going to see where I stand health-wise. You know, you don't you can you can use it just to see where you are, how you stand healthwise, do all your blood work, and then, you know, I'm as young as can be, but as I get older, I got to see, you know, how how things shape up and all that. So, I'm excited to get my blood work done now. But, let's go ahead and jump into the episode and get right to it. What's up, everybody? Welcome back to the Flow Grappling Show, aka the worst show on the internet. As always, I'm Big Nasty Trey Robinson and we got Big Uncle Reed right there. We're going to be diving in to some of the Pans results kind of just, you know, we're the structure for this show is unstructured segments about whatever we want to talk about. Okay. And so what kind of stuff do you want to talk about, Reed? &gt;&gt; Yeah, we'll talk a little bit about pans. We got ADCC trials, West Coast Trials coming up. Things are starting to kind of uh, you know, paint a clearer picture of what ADCC Worlds is going to look like. But man, honestly, this this past couple weeks have just been a crazy crazy couple weeks in jiu-jitsu. There's so many events out there. So many people putting up highlight reel submissions and stuff. You know, of course, you had WNO, you had Pans, you had um PGF, you had UFC BJJ. It's just like crazy time to be a jiu-jitsu fan. If you like watching jiu-jitsu, there is plenty to watch out there. &gt;&gt; For sure. I think like this week specifically was nuts. But honestly, like all of 2026 so far, especially March has been absolutely crazy with jiu-jitsu events. Do you think jiu-jitsu is in a good place with all these events? like uh like what's your what's your stance currently on like obviously it's like if you're a fan and you like different types of things you want to see three fiveminute rounds you want to see a pit or a bowl I guess they call it you want to see W no rules sub only 15 minutes no breaks like &gt;&gt; there's kind of everything available PGF PGF just kind of has their whole their whole vibe is just their own thing to be honest like I made this joke when I was watching one of the streams that like the the amount of uh wa like audience members watching PGF wearing sunglasses is 10xing any other event. You will never find another event that even comes close to the amount of people wearing sunglasses. And that's just kind of that cool suave nature they got. But I guess yeah, overall, do you think jiu-jitsu is in a good place when it comes to all that stuff? &gt;&gt; Yeah. What I like about PGF there as you're talking about is like it it really is just like directly from Brandon McAffin's brain onto the screen. And luckily his brain is a like diehard jiu-jitsu fan similar to kind of my brain I would think. Um, so it's just great to see somebody who's like a diehard passionate jiu-jitsu fan just taking what he thinks is like the best for jiu-jitsu and putting it on the screen. So that's been super fun to watch. But I don't know. I don't I mean jiu-jitsu is in a great place. I would say kind of like overall it's exploding more than ever there. You know, there's more people out there. It's like the gyms are packed. It seems like everybody is opening a jiu-jitsu gym. Especially here in Austin, there's a jiu-jitsu gym like on every corner these days. And and in two weeks there's going to be another one. in two weeks there's going to be another one. So, there's so much good jiu-jitsu out there, so much like, you know, great people to learn from. All these people, so much knowledge out there. Um, and so many opportunities for all these guys to compete. You know, for a long time it was just one or two shows. Now, it's it's 10 shows they can compete on. But, um, I don't know. I do wonder if like we're going a little faster than than jiu-jitsu can kind of keep up with it, too. &gt;&gt; A little big for it bridges almost. things are getting obviously just like a little oversaturated and and you know you you want to give all these guys the big opportunities and everything, but there's only so many guys that deserve the big opportunities. And so, you know, obviously everybody's kind of fighting out there for for uh the bigger names and it's kind of creating some uh some things that that I feel like are not going to be great for jiu-jitsu in the long run, you know? Who knows? What do I know? But we'll see. More exposure, more more money in the sport than ever, you know, more eyes on the sport than ever. It's got to be a good thing, you know. I don't know. What do you think? &gt;&gt; Yeah, for sure. I think overall it's obviously a good thing, you know? It's like um it's got to be like one of the best times to be a jiu-jitsu athlete, right? Like like to be like actually like one of the competitors going out there and not just trying to get like &gt;&gt; big matches, to get a lot of matches, but also to like have opportunities to kind of like like I feel like right now there's a good place in jiu-jitsu for every level of competitor, if that makes sense, you know? So, it's like maybe used to you would and I still think this is a incredible place to cut your teeth and like build your name. I think honestly a critique I have of like current jiu-jitsu is that not enough people are doing this but it's like used to you would be grinding IBJJF opens and everything hitting majors finally you have some breakout performances at color belts get no like notoriety and then like make make it on WO or something like that off of like a double gold at I mean Pedro Marino good example Pedro Marino he was grinding for a long time he double golds 2021 NOGI worlds then gets on who's number one wins the belt on who's number one now he's held it ever since then you know and I like I do I guess I just want to clarify that though that I do think that's one of my critiques of like current like colored belts maybe you know it's like who am I to critique skip the line a little bit blue purple belt who who have had kind of some good success and instead of going out there and winning noi worlds or winning you know an open or you you know just kind of trying to kind of grind it out um they're getting bigger opportunities as a blue belt as a purple belt and so a lot of those guys kind of are like skipping that kind of middle path that we've seen for for a decade or or whatever, you know? &gt;&gt; I still think it's just such a like good path. Like it's such a like you if you show up to IBJ Jeffs, you get good matches. You get hard matches, you know, &gt;&gt; no matter what. &gt;&gt; It's like an example would be like Nichollet Kiss. Nichollet Kiss like she's from Hungary. She's not out there. She's not on main character. She's not in Austin doing like Austin has like tons of regional local like Thursday night fights at 10th Planet, all that stuff where it's like you can get a match. She's grinding IBJF majors, winning a bunch. She won uh brown belt pans in her weight division, got silver in the open class, but she's been doing that consistently now at color belt. So, it's like I'm super hip to Nichollet Kiss. You know what I mean? She's like, it just puts you on the radar of kind of grappling fans. Um &gt;&gt; the good night. Nichollet the good night kiss. I'm trying to popularize that. Uh that &gt;&gt; Nichollet the good night kiss. It's pretty sick. But but I guess back to my original point though is like every level of competitor you are now there's like a superfight show available. You know what I mean? So it's like there's main character where you can get sick matches. You can get a crazy match. You can do a freaking one v one v one v one fourman, you know, sub only match. You can do Yeah. You can do all kinds of wild stuff. You can go like I feel like PGF like Brandon's got a good thing going where it's like he has highle dudes. Like I would say this season it's like Jet Thompson seems to be like the clear cutting away like this is one of the guys, you know, like the staples, but then it's like this big list of dudes who are like just every week making a bigger name for themselves. Like showing like, oh wow, this dude's actually nasty. You know what I mean? So it's like Brandon's doing a really good job of kind of digging up that those that like little pocket of grapplers who like haven't had a shot to be on a big stage who are like getting that. Then obviously who's number one kind of still just doing what we can to put like the best against the best, you know, like super sick highlevel matches. UFC BJJ's like kind of in that way. I think some of their matches are a little weird. Some of them are sick if I'm just being completely candid and honest. You know, sometimes I'm like, I don't know if that's &gt;&gt; I don't think that that they're like deep in the jiu-jitsu community yet. And I feel like a lot of their kind of like matches and stuff have kind of &gt;&gt; kind of pointed that out that they're not super like deep hip to everything that's going on currently in the jiu-jitsu community. Um, you know, maybe they they'll get there obviously. Um, but yeah, I was &gt;&gt; and then it's like obviously when you have Andrew Tacket, it's also like Andrew must Yeah, they got that. Can't can't argue that for sure. But &gt;&gt; yeah, I was just going to say, I don't know, not to call out like a guy like Landon Elmore, you know, because I think Landon Elmore is incredible and I love watching his jiu-jitsu and we got to watch him on EBI and stuff like that and and he's been on uh PGF and he's been on uh UFC BJJ, but uh I feel like Landon Elmore is a guy I would have seen out there winning ADCC trials or something like that and kind of like and I'm I'm just a little bummed that I don't get to see a guy like like Landon Elmore against um you know, do uh I guess not Dorian, but against um you know the Corby the Corby bros or or you know Johnny Grippo and and people like that you know so you know different paths out there. We'll see how it all shakes out. Um but definitely jiu-jitsu is a is a wild sport. Wild sport &gt;&gt; for sure &gt;&gt; and uh and it it things things just keep getting wilder and wilder kind of every year. This thing's constantly progressing, constantly evolving into something different. So &gt;&gt; yeah, I mean there's like there's no c centralized federation or governing body over jiu-jitsu. So it does just leave it wide open to just like you can you can have like inside this already like subculture fringe thing. There's like an infinite number of also sub subculture fringe things within that. So, it's like you can go freaking you can compete on a pontoon boat in Austin and it's like sumo judo jiu-jitsu wrestling mixed rules where it's like if you get thrown off the floating raft you lose kind of sumo style like thrown out of the ring, you know? It's like you can do that if you want. You can go, which is something I'm still trying to do. I just got messaged again by uh by Pit Boss Grappling the John Wick Invitational. I got to pull that off. I got to go compete on there. Um, but they uh you can go compete as John Wick, you know, and shoot somebody with a fake gun, which I'm very much trying to do. I gotta message uh my boy back from over there. And then you can also just, you know, do CJI and be a part of crazy like theatrics and an incred incredible spectacle. You can do who's number one. There's just so much going on. And obviously, it's I feel like it's probably best for the athletes right now with all of that. And for the fans, it's like maybe like a middle ground. Like maybe maybe there's some level of like what the freak am I watching? Every time I turn on flow there's a different event that's like crazy and then I go to Fight Pass and I'm like wait what's &gt;&gt; so many rule sets. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You know it's just like so so many different things to kind of have to &gt;&gt; expect a normal jiu-jitsu blue belt to kind of keep up with like oh this is this rule set this is that rule set. They do this things a little differently. Oh like that submission doesn't count here but it counts there. It's like &gt;&gt; so it does get a little crazy but I guess I mean I don't know if you guys are watching at home you're watching a lot of jiu-jitsu. Let us know where you think jiu-jitsu falls right now. What stuff are you watching? What stuff are you liking and not liking to be honest? Like a little crowd sourcing, a little research and development here, I guess. What kind of stuff are you guys hip to, not hip to? What do you like not like? But let's get into some pants. Let's talk about pants. &gt;&gt; We We had Greg on last or two weeks ago, we did a W recap bonus episode. We had Greg on before that, so we didn't really get a chance to talk about pants. But boy oh boy, was there an insane moment from the 2026 Pan Championship. You you want to guess what I'm talking about? &gt;&gt; Yeah, man. Absolutely. It's Sarah Galva versus Gabby Passagna. &gt;&gt; Absolutely nuts. Am &gt;&gt; I right? You're right. Yeah. Absolutely nuts. Now, I don't want to be the guy who said, "I told you so, boys." But there was someone who went on a little podcast called The Flow Grappling Show. I know it's the worst show on the internet, so you guys might not have seen it. who has been saying since Sarah was maybe a blue or a purple belt that I think potentially the person that could eventually knock off Gabby in the ghee at the highest level. This is when Gabby was on her like unbeaten streak. It was before she Tyioni finally kind of got one over on her but then Gabby got that back. Um I was saying Sarah Galva I think is the person who eventually one day and I didn't think it would be this fast. I did not think it would be like her rookie year but I was like maybe maybe Sarah will like eventually keep getting bigger. like I don't know where she's going to fall at that time of like how big she'll be and all that and she might be the one who did it, but for Sarah in her rookie year to go European uh &gt;&gt; absolute final and lose by just like an advantage and then the next event at Pans where they face again in the absolute final to beat Gabby Bagna was absolutely nuts. That kind of blew my mind. I think we have the match uh kind of queued up if we &gt;&gt; I was going to say, could you play the clip of Trey saying that he was going to um &gt;&gt; Did you guys find it? Oh, I guess we don't have &gt;&gt; I got to dig that up. &gt;&gt; You don't have the clip. Never mind. &gt;&gt; Ah, what the heck? I'm going to dig that up. I'm going to make a sick social reel from that. &gt;&gt; No, obviously they had a very close match at uh IBGF Europeans, you know, and and everybody, you know, kind of thought or it was just interested to see where Sarah kind of falls when fighting against the greatest of all time, the greatest female of all time, you know, Gabby Basani has really claimed that and held it down for the last two a couple years. Um, and so it was it was a big question mark about Sarah Gavva and where she was going to kind of slot in in that absolute division. She goes out there at the IBJGF Europeans has a very close match and yeah, I believe it was decided on advantages and I think us all walking away from that match was like, okay, it's possible Sarah can there is an avenue of victory for Sarah. Is it going to happen at Pans? Is it going to happen at Brazilos? Or are they going to save like a big one for for Worlds and we're going to really see see at Worlds. Um Sarah seemed to kind of get what she needed to get from that Europeans final. This um a very close final as well up until kind of like the last 50 seconds of the match. And um Gabby got close to a couple pass attempts. She's she racked up a couple advantages there. You can see she's got three advantages. So uh and she was getting pretty close to passing Sarah's guard. Sarah was doing a good job of just retaining or or going out of bounds or something like that. So never got the points. But yeah, obviously we were watching live. We were doing who's number one stuff and we were watching this live and we were like all right you know 35 seconds left you know tough to do anything to Gabby in 30 30 seconds you know and then boom the single leg straight to the back rolled through hooks in I mean that was nuts dude it was literally like we were in the media room just being like ah man you know that that didn't wasn't what you know didn't nothing crazy just Gabby's going to win by advantage kind of same thing and then that last like little thing where Reed was like had looking at his laptop He's like, "Oh shit, Sarah's going to win. Sarah's going to win." And I was like, "Whoa, wait a minute." &gt;&gt; And then like you weren't 100% sure if they were going to give her points there on on the edge cuz like right here you can see Gabby kind of playing the edge well. &gt;&gt; And I feel like she she kind of did play the edge really well kind of throughout the entire match. So I don't know if that was kind something that the referees were thinking about that she's maybe playing the edge a little too much because I'm not sure in every situation they would give points here to to uh to the person attacking, but they certainly did in this and I think it's the right decision. She clearly has two hooks in and then she rolls. They reset on the back. So they give her points for two for a taked down and the back. So now now suddenly here 27 seconds left. You can see the whole her whole team's going crazy. &gt;&gt; What we got here? &gt;&gt; Yeah, they're kind of deciding. &gt;&gt; They're going to talk to the referees. &gt;&gt; Deciding what what they're going to do. Of course, IBJGF has this kind of new process where they really talk to all the side referees and make sure &gt;&gt; people reviewing footage. Yeah, there's a there's a table uh of of just side referees that are just deciding these controversial kind of decisions and controversial kind of moments in the match so the ref on the mat isn't like super focused on all that. &gt;&gt; Sarah hit her with that spider monkey though, huh? Just freaking off the single leg just straight to the back just like &gt;&gt; quick quick and um so yeah, they they reset her back in here. That's four points plus the two six points. 28 seconds left and it was like oh man that happened so quick. where suddenly now Sarah is dominating the match and you know obviously kind of not a lot of time here to to do much but what a moment for a girl like Sarah Galva she's been in this jiu-jitsu game for a long time finally gets her black belt uh &gt;&gt; look at her now she's like man I'm not I'm not happy with just the points I'm want the arm too &gt;&gt; hunting for Gabby's arm &gt;&gt; she's Dude Sarah's nuts &gt;&gt; and so man I mean really what makes this most exciting is now that they are one and one and they will most likely meet up again at Brazilos and they will most likely meet up again at the World Championship for for kind of all the marbles. That's the big one that really really matters. And now they're one and one. We're going to see it again at Brazil. See it again probably at Worlds. And this is just one of the most compelling storylines I feel like that we've had going into Worlds in a long time. This is a fun one &gt;&gt; for sure. It's like, you know, whenever whenever the IBJFF major season in the geek kicks off, it's kind of like there are some like little little earmarked storylines like where it's like, okay, we're going to Euros. Euros is always a sick event. It's fun. Everyone's like back, you know, the jiu-jitsu world kind of lands in Lisbon or Paris, you know, wherever it's been recently, and we kind of kick things off and it's like boom. All right, Tinan's saying he wants to do all the majors this year. PO is going to be keep the decade of PO just continues you know and you kind of like wonder like all right how many of these storylines keep going throughout and then you know they meet at Euros now they meet at Pans and now we're one with Sarah Galva and Gabby Pasani and like you said it's like to me now the clear-cut biggest storyline in ge jiu-jitsu and the most exciting thing is this like new Gabby versus Sarah kind of back and forth like the fact that we're going to get to tune in for Brazilos what I I think is one of the wildest environments in all of jiu-jitsu at Brazilos. Dude, look up into the crowd whenever they get to like when they bring it down to just two mats left for semi-finals and stuff. Down there on the edge, it like the venue like the bowl kind of like goes around. It's coliseum style. Everyone's hanging over the the edges. There's going to be people yelling chance. There's going to be freaking uh um uh what's what's Gabby's team name? I'm forgetting. There's too much going on. I'm forgetting everything. &gt;&gt; Uh in infight &gt;&gt; infight. Yeah, there's going to be entire infight crew just yelling a bunch of Portuguese chants and whatnot. The dream team's going to be screaming for Sarah. There's going to be 15 dudes shirtless just hanging out, not interested in the matches. They're just going to be like chilling. Mario Hayes will be in the middle of them just no shirt on, just relaxing. It's the wildest environment in jiu-jitsu in my opinion is the IBJ Brazilos in Sa Paulo. And I think now that like there's something as high stakes as a one andone matchup right before going in like this is going to be the decider for who gets the leg up going into the world championship. So someone if they meet obviously a lot of things can happen but if they meet again someone's going to come out of this two and one leading into like actually the final all the marbles event which is world. So I just think we're we're primed for a sick you know finale in this in this latter half of the uh of the IBJF major season. I'm stoked for it dude. Yeah, crazy. &gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. Um, moving on, I guess. Just &gt;&gt; Yeah, we can keep it moving. &gt;&gt; I feel like, you know, we got a real glimpse of how powerful the the AOJ team can can be, you know, and a real kind of glimpse now of of just how many matches that those guys can kind of potentially win &gt;&gt; at a major tournament. They have so many good guys. And um you know I guess it was kind of you know headlined by of course the like the main stays of of Pau and and Tyin Dulpra. Those guys are out there just crushing it, killing it. Um but you know I guess I I guess I did want to mention Kabate's run as well. You know I know I was talking a little bit of shit. &gt;&gt; Was this enough breakout for you? &gt;&gt; This was enough breakout for me for sure. You know and you know that's that's all all I meant. I think that uh you know I've been waiting to see kind of Cole capture his dreams for for for you know the the last couple years and like I said I've just known how good Cole is and I know that he's a black belt world champion and a multiple time black belt world champion type of guy and he's just had you know not not to say he had some disappointing results I guess I I was disappointed as just as a fan sometimes you know he had the close match with Kennedy and and and whatnot and um &gt;&gt; I feel I I mean not to speak for you but I took that as you you remember like waiting for Cole to go all subs like type of thing, you know? It's like where he comes out to worlds, goes all subs, four for four, five for five, six for six, whatever it is, and just like it's like that's the Cole that you were watching at Orange Belt, you know? &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, like I said, I I really like when I first met Cole, I was I like, you know, Besa was the big guy and and that everybody was talking about and stuff. And I feel like they they made a lot of kind of comparisons to Cole early on as like the next Buchesa type of guy, you know, and um you know, I think he had some some uh results that uh that he probably also didn't didn't love kind of um throughout the the his his time at black belt, but this was his time for, you know, the the most stacked bracket that he's probably ever been in at at a black belt. You you know, it's just like it's not like he won uh a weaker division or anything like that. like this was probably the most stacked uh bracket that that he's had to go through at Black Bell. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, he fought Joel Bisnaga, he fought Sam Nai, like you know, a bunch more matches before that like but just having that as your final two matches is pretty insane. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Can we watch that um that knee bar again because you know I think Bis Naga had one of the greatest runs at the IBJF World Championships last year and really broke out and really proved that he's kind of an elite competitor and uh you know he's the reigning world champion here you know and so like obviously a tough match no matter how you cut it here it going to be a tough match for Cole you know having to fight a reigning world champion and the fact that he went out here and hit a a highlight reel submission on him like That's that's pretty dope. Neba, &gt;&gt; neba. &gt;&gt; You what do you mean can't neba can neba? &gt;&gt; So, you know, yeah, definitely just, you know, I think that was just a huge huge step for for Cole. I'm I'm really excited to see him stand at on the top of the podium. And I think that, you know, obviously it it spells a lot for for coming up here in in the World Championships, you know. So, that's going to be a really exciting division to watch. There's a bunch of guys in that division who are all going to be gunning for that title. And, you know, now Cole is right there. So, um, &gt;&gt; yeah, you you talked about the success of AOJ and they won pans last year. I think Alliance might have won this year, but I think the the biggest like I guess evolution for me of watching AOJ and stuff is like a lot of times like a few years ago, you know, they were like the key staple guys for AOJ and you knew like Titan's going to do well, Cole's going to do well, P's going to do well once he joined the team, you know, uh Matteas Rodriguez, like guys like that where it's like they have their staple dudes, but they like fill out every division now. And it's just like not only do they fill out every division, they have wild success in every division. Like Marcus Gomes, he ended up he he fought Jaylen right earlier in the Yeah. So he so &gt;&gt; quarters even I &gt;&gt; Yeah, cuz I guess Jaylen wasn't on the podium, so it must have been. But you know, so obviously like a guy like Marcus Gomes kind of now they have this roosterweight who's like out there murking people too. He's obviously fighting my boy Betto here. I love Betto. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And and and Jaylen has just been so consistent in his been he's been like the guy now since he won Roosterweight Worlds where it's like okay Jaylen's the dude to watch in Rooster but &gt;&gt; obviously Marcus Gomes came out and uh &gt;&gt; and honestly I wasn't really expecting it just because Jaylen has just seemed like he's kind of put that division just kind of like on his back there and has kind of controlled that division ever since he won Worlds and it's and he feels like he's young he's only getting better. It's like, man, Jaylen's going to be the guy here for for for a little while. And then uh yeah, for for Gomez to kind of upset him and then have, you know, Betto obviously is a is a super tough competitor as well. And uh &gt;&gt; no, and Gee, world champ. &gt;&gt; World champion. That's right. &gt;&gt; Beetho respect, bro. Put some respect on him out there training in Favville, Arkansas, Favville, BJJ. Beto the CEO now. Beto runs things in Favville. Yeah, he's some people call him the mayor of Fyville. So he's competing with the Waltons. It's it's Alice Walton and Betto, the most powerful people in Northwest Arkansas. &gt;&gt; Give me Betto all day. &gt;&gt; Betto. Destroy Alice. &gt;&gt; If it's a trial by combat or election by combat. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Trial of seven. &gt;&gt; We should make elections by combat. &gt;&gt; I I mean, you know, like uh that new spin-off. &gt;&gt; Gordon would like that, I guess. &gt;&gt; Yeah. We do trial by seven. You just put your seven best up against the other seven best. We would dominate the corporate world soon. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, we missed. &gt;&gt; I would have a real desk. &gt;&gt; We missed that brutal ankle log. Was that what that was? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Sorry about that. &gt;&gt; Brutal ankle lock. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Let's watch this again real quick. &gt;&gt; We got a little little tangle up here. The boys tangled up a bit. &gt;&gt; Classic uh rooster weight position right here. &gt;&gt; For sure. &gt;&gt; That we all get into in the in the gym. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Frequently. &gt;&gt; Just me and Reed, dude. A couple 200 plus pounders just getting into this position. Bro, you know, we spend some time here. You know, we spent some time here. &gt;&gt; Nah, you'll find me in Will Wilson positions. Deep half, baby. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; A relatable grappler. &gt;&gt; That's why I like him. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Marcus Gomes obviously gets the sub here. &gt;&gt; And you know, this is just like bonebreakingly% tight. Like it's this is just no fun to be in at all. &gt;&gt; I mean, an ankle lock at this level is is devastating. They hurt so bad. Like Gabby Pani put me in a double straight ankle once and I was like joking around with her like, "Haha, I'm gonna get out." And then she just like broke my leg in half and I was like, "Oh, dang. I won't be at work tomorrow." Reed, he's got both my ankles broken. But um Marcus Gomes wasn't the only guy from AOJ though, I guess, to further my point that had success. It's like Pau wins light feather. Cole wins feather. So the first three lightest divisions all AOJ and then you know Tynan you bump up Pablo Lavicelli took bronze at light. than Tynan at middle gold. And then I think they're they're still a little lighter in the heavyweights. That's where like Philipe Andrews back obviously that'll help them a lot if he's still training there. I haven't actually seen him in I I don't know. But Andy Murasaki kind of in the mix now too. It's like the AOG team is getting nuts. And then the females as well, Misa and Ashley Fenegger are closed out of uh I believe Light Feather. So it's just like Marggo Cigarelli won, you know? So it's just like AOJ top to bottom now is an absolute powerhouse. like shout out Ge Mendes, shout out everything they're doing at AOJ because like you know he's putting he's putting together a crew, a posi if you will. But &gt;&gt; yeah, you know, you mentioned Jackson the guy. He's he was always super fun dude to watch. He had a really fun final there against Will Wilson. Uh Jackson the guy looked great. Um &gt;&gt; is Will Wilson one of your favorite grapplers now? &gt;&gt; He might be, dude. Yeah. I mean, he's fun to watch, you know, like he throws the kitchen sink at people, which I I always appreciate. And, you know, you're going to get like a fun scrappy match with a guy like Will Wilson. And I still feel like he's still kind of like flying under the radar a little bit, you know? So, uh, he just like surprises a lot of people, I feel like. And but, um, yeah, he's just another guy who who I feel like had a breakout performance at Euros, you know, obviously. and uh you know, silver medal at Pan. So, he's another guy who's going to be gunning for those divisions at Worlds and things are starting to get exciting. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I got I uh you know, something came across my desk. A a new thing came across my desk of old Will and Mr. Wilson. They were in their garage and Will was doing some sort of workout. I think they were throwing a ball around or something and Mr. Wilson was just launching that thing back at him, dude. Just and just slamming it into Will and he was catching it. Mr. Wilson is no joke, dude. He's no joke. This guy, I can tell I can tell by the cut of his jib that he's a freaking stone cold killer, dude. Just a Hawaiian assassin sent to the mainland to cause disruption and and shenanigans and whatnot. You know, he's got the he's got the verbal air horn he drops during the matches. Mr. Wilson is something to be studied. All right, I'll just say that. Mr. Wilson is something to be studied. We got to investigate this guy. I'm a big fan of Mr. Wilson. If there's two guys that I want on my good side, it's Mr. Wilson. Can you guess the second? &gt;&gt; Um, &gt;&gt; Kyiosain. &gt;&gt; Kyos. &gt;&gt; Kaios. Yep. So, I'm getting out early. I Kylo Sains I caught early. Mr. Wilson, I got to win him over in the later stages, you I got to make him a Trey fan because I want I want I want to roll up to events and I want to be in the middle like I'm like kind of like the team leader, you know, but then in reality it's like I got Mr. Wilson and Kyle and they're actually the guys who are going to make everything happen and I'm just kind of like the smooth talker who's like, "Oh, we're not we're not we don't have passes for this event. Kyle, hit them low. Mr. Wilson, hit them high and we go wherever we want. &gt;&gt; Here's a medicine ball, Mr. Wilson." &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Go ahead and take them out. You give Mr. Wilson clear instruction and like a mission to accomplish and a medicine ball and we could run the world. Mr. Wilson with a medicine ball and a clear mission protocol. We run the world just like that. So me, Kyle, Mr. Wilson, we're going to be on top soon. I don't know about all this other jiu-jitsu stuff. I just know that that's the triad that will be running things soon enough. But &gt;&gt; we got we got to think of like kind of a 3v3 matchup for you guys. Maybe &gt;&gt; us three versus I mean, dude, we could take anybody in anything. Like I I mean you Yeah, we could go from freaking, you know, Mortal Kombat to lawn darts. You name it. And we're just cleaning up, bro. This might be the most powerful 3v3 in human history. We could we could do a research and development competition and we could do a freaking a rope climb competition. You name it. &gt;&gt; You think you're passing Mr. Wilson's guard? &gt;&gt; No chance. And I would never act like I would. Mr. Wilson doesn't get his guard pass. He's like Chuck Norris, dude. You don't simply pass Mr. Wilson's guard. He submits you along the way. You know, it's like, "Oh, wow. I'm past Mr. Wilson's guard. Now I'm waking up in a hospital bed." When when Mr. Wilson puts you out, you don't wake up on the mat with someone holding your feet and someone else going, "Don't hold his feet. That's actually bad for their brain." You know, we still haven't caught up to modern medicine on which which technique to wake someone else. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Jerry's still out on, you know, we're not &gt;&gt; Yeah. But you don't wake you wake up in a hospital, dude. And then you're like, "Oh, okay. Sick. I'm in the Austin hospital where I went out." And they're like, "No, dude. We flew you to Germany." That's how serious this is. We had a fly, we medf flighted you to Germany. Your bill is going to be $400,000. That's the type of devastating recourse. A &gt;&gt; 48 hour helicopter flight hand. &gt;&gt; That's the type of recourse you have whenever you try to pass Mr. Wilson's guard. So don't even think about it, dude. But so shout out Mr. Wilson. &gt;&gt; Shout out Papa Sains. &gt;&gt; Papa Sains down. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we got it. We got to get all these dads in one bracket and just see who comes out on top. Mr. Wilson. Jeremy Abbate, the guardfather. You think Mr. I I don't even want to dive into it. It's going to cause I WAS GOING TO ASK IF MR. WILSON got past Jeremy's guard. I don't even want Dude, we we say some things and people get mad at us on this show. That would be We would never recover from breaking down which father we think would win this bracket, but I want to see it play out. All right, we're Jiu-Jitsu is looking for good gimmicks to run with. You know, a lot of weird events pop up. I got a gimmick for you guys. Let's get all the highest level competitors into their dads into one bracket and let's run that shit. That shit would be insane, dude. Papa Roots. &gt;&gt; Tack it. Tack it. &gt;&gt; Tack it. Yeah. Uh, brown belt representative. Hey, William, give your dad a black belt, but I'm kidding. Uh, Papa Roots, the Papa Tacket, Papa Signs, uh, Papa Wilson. A lot of papas. &gt;&gt; God, Godfather, &gt;&gt; the Godfather, who might have the coolest name of all of them, to be honest. kind of got that one early, but uh who who else? Like I know we're forgetting a bunch. I'm I'm sorry if I'm forgetting your father. Um but we'll we'll put together the the makeshift bracket. We'll get this all sorted out and we'll tell you guys what in a hypothetical world what we think the best father jiu-jitsu bracket would be. Your dad do jiu-jitsu. No, my dad still just every time I talk about jiu-jitsu, he's like, "Yeah, but if some guy was trying to fight you, like what what would you do?" And I was like, "Dad, I got I can chuck a little knuck, too. I won't even use jiu-jitsu, dude. I'm the heavy hands division. Come on, pops." &gt;&gt; That's what my dad says. My dad says like, "Well, I'll just stick my thumb in your eye." &gt;&gt; Yeah. Street rules. Tim Kennedy. He's a dad. &gt;&gt; He just breaks jiu-jitsu. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Ah, jiu-jitsu is broken. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But, um, so yeah, I might have to spearhead that at Flo now. That sounds pretty dope. Who's number one Father's Edition? Father's Day special. You know, &gt;&gt; running on Father's Day. &gt;&gt; That would be nuts. Uh, &gt;&gt; imagine how like crazy the routollos and the brothers are going. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it would be the most insane event of all time. Like if we could if we could find father-son duos that were like a father and then a 14year-old and put all the 14-year-olds in a bracket &gt;&gt; or Yeah, we should also get we also got to get um uh man, I'm I'm blanking on some names. Sorry. Like like we we got to get like the the the younger siblings too. We got to get like Matias, uh, Jimenez there. And, um, &gt;&gt; uh, what's what's the tag? Younger brothers, Caleb. Tack it. Thank you. And, uh, &gt;&gt; we got to get all the all the kind of like younger siblings. Like, we can get Kyle in there. &gt;&gt; 100%. No, it's like youngest sibling and father special event where we have all the fathers in a bracket, all the youngest siblings, and like there's going to be some age discrepancy in the in the younger siblings thing. If I know anything about these guys, they don't care. You think Kylo Sains cares if he has to fight a 16-y old? &gt;&gt; I was been looking to fight an 18-y old &gt;&gt; 100%. He's been like, "Dude, I've been looking to get one up on these on these old guys." He would be like, "Man, that dude's 18. He's old as hell, dude. He probably can't even move. I'm going to kill him." &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like 25 would be like too old. He'd be like, "Come on. I don't want to hurt these geriatrics." &gt;&gt; We could get We th Noa roots in there. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Na can get in there, you know? &gt;&gt; Dude, that would be electric. That would be That would be the most hostile environment of a jiu-jitsu match of all time. just like everybody would be going absolutely insane. I love it though. This is Man, get Ben on the horn, dude. We got to get Ben on the horn to make this happen. How Mark Flo, let's Should I go grab Mark Flo, see how much money he's willing to allocate to this? I assume billions. &gt;&gt; Yeah, go grab him. Go grab him. Bring him on the show. &gt;&gt; I assume billions, you know, without any knowledge or anything. I think he would donate billions for this. But so yeah, there's uh there's father jiu-jitsu talk. Um hopefully someone out there can relate. Slack, I guess Slack's a dad. We can put slack in there. &gt;&gt; Get slack in there. Wow. I might go try to have a kid real quick, you know, so I can get in the mix. &gt;&gt; You can put like Xavier against like Liz Clay's maybe. &gt;&gt; Yeah, true. Oh, dude. That'd be sick, &gt;&gt; man. People are tuning out as we keep going on this. They're saying, "Man, the bit was funny for 3 seconds, dude. And now it's boring." But &gt;&gt; Pans was awesome, though. Uh, crazy event. So much going on. Pans know, all these other events. So, it was a wild one to keep up on. But hope you guys are watching it. If you missed it, definitely you can check out all the archives on Flow Grappling. Tynan had some sick matches. Um, yeah, Jackson the Guy had a bunch of sick matches. PO of course out there just just being the guy. Um, so fun to watch fans. And we got Brazilos coming up here March I mean I'm sorry, April 24th, &gt;&gt; May 3rd. Brazilos always a crazy one. I have a feeling we're going to see Sarah Galva versus Gabby Passagna potentially in that uh absolute division. Although, you know, Brazil brings out some some tough tough characters uh that you you might not see all the time at pans and euros and worlds and stuff like that. So, definitely Brazilos is like a different beast, but um some some fun things kind of gearing up as we head into the uh the Worlds season &gt;&gt; for sure. So, Brazil's on the horizon. Up next though on Flow is going to be uh ADCC West Coast Trials. This West Coast Trials is probably one of the most fun trials. Yeah, it's like the best trials I would say. You know, it's like Euro trials this year was super fun. I feel like that that's kind of like making a contender for for being one of the best trials out there. And there's just so many European guys that are making a name for themselves at being in Europe this time around. So, I feel like it even brought out extra guys. Um, but really West Coast Trials is like the the best trials I feel like and probably the hardest trials to win &gt;&gt; for sure. So, we kind of got there's still some time to register, so this might change a little bit. I'm not sure if it's going to be Wednesday or next W Wednesday. I think it might be closing, but um we can kind of take a look at just like kind of some early registrations here. Not too early. I guess it's going to be here pretty soon. Couple weeks. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we got Damon Mahia, Reese Lever, you know, um &gt;&gt; Isaac Cordova. I saw Johnny Goso in there. James Ortiz, the man, the myth, the legend out there trying to make a put on a show for everybody. James Ortiz going to make a run. &gt;&gt; James Ortiz, man, he's the truth, huh? Yeah, &gt;&gt; he's he's nuts. &gt;&gt; I really feel like, dude, this is gonna like catapult him to that next level. He's just like, you know, &gt;&gt; even even like the in the gym and stuff like that, you were talking with him and stuff and I feel like he was still kind of trying to find that that confidence, you know, but just being there at who's number one with him and just seeing him and stuff, it was like, man, this is going to catapult this dude to that next level where it's like he made the second day of East Coast Trials, now he's going to make the semi-finals at least, you know, like &gt;&gt; we'll see. Obviously, anything can happen out there. It's tournament, &gt;&gt; tough bracket, you know, but uh yeah, I think you got to you guys got to circle James Ortiz when when he's out there. &gt;&gt; Yeah, for me James Ortiz is like it's like yeah, now I don't know the potential of James Ortiz seems to be so incredibly high, but also the potential of Chingy Signs is incredibly high, you know, like all these dudes is still like so high, but then it's like you meet a dude who kind of looked incredible at East Coast Trials like Reese Lef Fever early that kind of puts a stop to all of that. You know what I mean? or you know James or Chingi, someone like that beats Ree and it's like this is insane. But I I I definitely think I guess like people to earmark for me. I do think Reese Le Fever is one of the I think he looked incredible. &gt;&gt; Did Dorian beat Reese at &gt;&gt; I think so. Yeah, I think I think that's where he ended up. I'm pretty sure. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I can't quite remember. It's all a blur, but um but yeah, I mean, you know, Reese's been on on this this circuit for for a long time now, it feels like. And um he's had a couple breakout performances. um got the got the bronze medal at at East Coast Trials if I'm not mistaken. &gt;&gt; I think so. Yeah, &gt;&gt; I believe he's bronze medalist there from from East Coast Trials. Um, so I yeah, he's just been out there kind of like trying to make this happen and and yeah, I totally agree when you look at the bracket now and just how successful he's been and his game, you know, I feel like is is a is a puzzle for a lot of people and especially for the guys like, you know, Isaac Cordova and Johnny Grippo who are a little bit more um a little bit more kind of uh traditional, I guess, in their approach. Um &gt;&gt; Johnny's not that traditional anymore. &gt;&gt; Yeah, true. He's an eco guy, but I still feel like you kind of see him as a as like a passer to to the back type of a guy, whereas Reese obviously is a heavy leg locker and and &gt;&gt; a nasty outside heel. &gt;&gt; But but I think even even at East Coast Trials, he he showed off some of his wrestling and stuff like that and and had a couple good matches where he he stayed on the feet. So, and obviously I think those Kingsway guys do all just have kind of underrated wrestling and they and they don't like to use it as much, but ACC forces you at some points to &gt;&gt; to uh to use your wrestling. So, I think he's kind of building out a a well-rounded game. And yeah, Reese is definitely got to be one of the favorites going into this West Coast Trials, I would say. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we talked about that when we recaped East Coast Trials that like Ree has very specific Kingsway style wrestling, you know, that like applies directly to the ADC rule set. It's like the way they kind of focus it seems and train wrestling is like very much a specific to ADCC rules and like accomplishing what you need to once you get to the point where you can no longer pull guard and everything. So I think Reese does that super well. &gt;&gt; Yeah, they all got those like uchimas and and stuff. &gt;&gt; Getting people's hands on the mat, you know, getting behind. But then 77 kilos, I think the big name right away, obviously he comes in as the number one seed in like the smooth comp system and everything is Jet Thompson. Jed Thompson obviously uh super sick. Um Michael S. Michael Sain's got to be in here, right? I I don't see his name. But there's like &gt;&gt; there's uh Max Hansen is registered 77 this time. So if you want to draft him again at 66, I guess go ahead. &gt;&gt; And yeah, on on Jet Thompson, it's been fun watching Jet, of course, on the PGF season this year as well. He's out out there killing it. Um, but one of the things that that I think is just such an advantage for these guys that are doing PGF is like it just you just have so much experience over those four weeks that they do the event and these guys are are having so many matches and and so many different people and they don't have time to kind of really hunker down and like game plan for these guys, you know, it's kind of just like, all right, next up is is you're fighting this guy, you know, and so I feel like it's just like a really good um way for these guys to just like stack experience and stack high level experience. And so when Jet comes into this ADCC trials, he's just gonna have such a huge kind of like matt time advantage over everybody else out there. &gt;&gt; You think there's going to be any like uh fatigue on him? It's a pretty grueling schedule. He's been on flying to Vegas every single week. I don't know. Maybe he stays there. Maybe they have a house they stay in the whole time or constantly flying to Vegas competing every Wednesday. Like that's pretty grueling. &gt;&gt; Definitely. I mean, one way or the other. I mean, I I think like, you know, definitely you can get burnt out and and and it it'll hurt him. Or it could kind of go the other way where it's just like he's just kind of supercharged and kind of just like his body is just hardened to to the the fight, you know? And um I don't know. I don't know much about Jet Thompson, but looking at him, he looks like a guy who kind of uh favors the the the hard road, the grit. &gt;&gt; Yeah, the grit. Seems like a real gritty guy. Um so, I bet it will it will help a guy like like Jet Thompson. doesn't seem that a guy who's going to try to kind of make too many excuses or anything like that. So &gt;&gt; yeah, he's got a blue collar aura about him. You know that Jet Thompson, you could tell if he wasn't grappling, he'd probably be doing some blue collar shit. Some real work. I was hanging up these curtains in my house the other day. Boy oh boy, I was just giving it the business with the drill and all that. Blue collar as hell, man. Guy like me. &gt;&gt; To your bones, bro. &gt;&gt; Yeah. To my bones. In my blood. But uh &gt;&gt; Yeah. And then and then Yeah. But I think we do got to talk about Michael Sainz being in there. Hopefully potentially he'll be in there. And then and then Nick Mataya, the two guys who uh ended up losing there &gt;&gt; or I'm sorry. Uh Michael lost in the final and then uh &gt;&gt; Nick lost to Michael in the semis &gt;&gt; and then he got the bronze medal if I'm not mistaken. &gt;&gt; Um &gt;&gt; I sometimes go in the back during the bronze medal matches. I'll be honest. And I just kind of rest for a little bit before the finals. So I don't always know. But definitely if they're if they're in the mix, it's like &gt;&gt; I don't know. That's like that's such a hard like little trio to pick from. Michael, Nick, and uh and Jet. And then it's also like if you look through the registration, there's some other names in the mix like Michael Lieer is in there. You know, &gt;&gt; I love to see Michael Lie. Michael Leier is a OG favorite of mine back when he was a purple belt fighting on the uh on the uh what was it called? Jiu-Jitsu Battle, I believe it was. Like Edwin Najmi and and uh Lieera. A lot of those guys kind of like birthed I feel like during this jiu-jitsu battle at the time where it was just like the the crest of this like new new generation of of jiu-jitsu events and jiu-jitsu things going on. This is like 2014 2015 I feel like. So I've been watching Leair for a long time and I was always bummed to see him not doing as much competition because he was a guy who was who was competing all the time. It it felt like at the at that you know early black belt, brown belt, purple belt levels. Um, so in NOI, you don't see a whole lot of LER in Noi, to be honest. But, uh, &gt;&gt; there's a lot of young bucks he's going to have to fight his way through, you know, like those guys we already mentioned. &gt;&gt; It's crazy how the how the like jiu-jitsu world just kind of turns over so quick. It's like Lierra was like the the, you know, the the young gun &gt;&gt; killing everybody and making waves and stuff. And now just a few short letters, it's like he's like the veteran. Like, &gt;&gt; sure. It's like, yeah, it's like there's other guys like Cage Cedos in there, you know? Uh, we already said Max Hansen, all that. Kind of trying to see if there's any names we missed, but yeah, I think 77 shaping up to be pretty sick as well. We can go to We can go to 88. Um, &gt;&gt; who's in at 80? &gt;&gt; I saw Ryan Aken. Oh, there we go. 88, which, you know, love to see Ryan Akin in there. I haven't seen as much Ryan Akin um in the past few months or whatever. Uh, he had, you know, WO, he fought on WO and stuff like that. But uh Ryan Aken of course had that incredible performance at ADCC Worlds when he heel hooked Pedro Mourinho in the in the first kind of couple minutes or whatever. And you know that &gt;&gt; ADCC Worlds is like that. It's like you can make a career off of off of an incredible one match performance. You know obviously people like Eddie Bravo &gt;&gt; Eddie Bravo and and plenty of guys. Um, so that was a huge moment for Ryan and then um you know uh I believe lost I forget who he lost to after that but uh but so you know coming back for for Ryan Akin would love to see him at ADCC Worlds. Think he's got a lot to bring to that to that uh 16-man bracket at at the World Championships. So Ryan Akin is going to be a tough guy to beat I would say. Who who else is in there? &gt;&gt; There's like uh there's some other names like Angelo Clayborn in the mix. Sean Yatam Marco who made the finals at East Coast. Uh Kevin Crane. Kevin Crane. Always a wild card to be watching. &gt;&gt; Yeah, probably the guy who has like the most ADCC experience out there to be honest is uh is Kevin. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And then let me see who else. Scrolling through. &gt;&gt; I thought that said Darby Allen. I was like Darby Allen's. That's Dory. Dory. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Dory Allen is in who's absolutely electric grappler. &gt;&gt; Everyone Darby Allen. &gt;&gt; Steven Martinez like you know older fella but might come in the most fit to form. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; He's gonna be a &gt;&gt; Steven Martinez is a guy that like you do not want to want to face. &gt;&gt; No, that's the dude who's looking around for a roll in the gym and you immediately reach for the water bottle and just uh Oh, I was getting a sip. Actually, &gt;&gt; extra sip. A little sippy poo. &gt;&gt; Oh, you needed a roll, Stephen. &gt;&gt; Oh, man. Actually, you know, my I the way my banking set up, I got checking and savings. I'm kind of I need to call the bank. &gt;&gt; We're already 30 seconds into the round. Let's get maybe get the next round. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'll talk to you on the next one. And then you just dip, dude. run out the back door. &gt;&gt; But no, for sure. I mean, Stephen Martinez is obviously probably one of the older competitors in in in the bracket, but he's always a dog and can and can beat high level guys for sure. Play upset for a lot of these guys. He's a hard guy to just do anything against, you know, and has been for a long long time. &gt;&gt; We can we can keep it cruising under 99. I see Abe is in there from Kingsway. Also, Brandon George from Kingsway. Brandon George had uh some good submissions. looked pretty good at East Coast Trials, so he could be he could be a little wild card in the mix. Vince Barbosa from East Austin Jiu-Jitsu Parlor. I love that I love that Vince is just still just like, dude, I'm looking at the thing right now. It says he's 44 years old. It's like Vince doesn't care, bro. Vince is showing up. He's going to have a good time. He's going to, you know, do some cool shit and like just, you know, be a competitor. &gt;&gt; He's had good success at the ACC trials um historically in the past. I feel like he's done pretty well &gt;&gt; for sure. Justin Michael is in there. Michael &gt;&gt; W vet won the qualifier to get in at the WO 31 bracket. &gt;&gt; Micah Breakfield uh one of those um I believe he's kind of from that uh uh Pacific Northwest area there and trains with guys like uh Nate Orchard and stuff. He was on the submission underground circuit for a long time. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. And then over 999 uh let's see. &gt;&gt; Yeah, over 999. I'm picking Nick Hartman just kind of straight out. I I think this is the one Nick Hartman gets done. I think he's I just think Nick Hartman is so good to be honest. I know he takes losses. Everyone takes losses. You know, he uh lost in the finals against Brandon Reed, but like I think Nick Hartman wins this one. I see Austin Baker in there, too. I haven't seen a lot of Austin Baker recently. Um but yeah, those are kind of the ones that stand out to me. Devonte in the mix actually. Damn. Okay. Well, now I'm like &gt;&gt; that's tough. The Devonte Nick Harman. I didn't know Dvonte was in there. Uh &gt;&gt; yeah, obviously, you know, you saw how just kind of disappointed that Nick was at the East Coast trials, losing to to Brandon Reed and his coach, you know, Robert Dale was there and it felt like, you know, from that moment they were already game planning for the West Coast trials. You know, it was clearly very very important to to to him. So, I have a feeling that Nick's been putting in a lot of time getting prepared for this. &gt;&gt; And then Michael Bazudo in there, too. Big Vince, trials trials champ. So, or Yeah. Yeah. He won West Coast last year. &gt;&gt; I believe he lost to uh Michael Perez in the finals, but he did get an invite. &gt;&gt; So that's a big boy. That's a that's a hard boy to deal with, you know. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And then &gt;&gt; like 610. &gt;&gt; Yeah. He's massive. Um the women's division. So the women are going to qualify this time. I feel like there's some names where I'm curious about that aren't on the registration yet that I wonder if they'll be able to get in, you know, or they'll they they're like I guess available to compete and everything, you know, like Ana Domo obviously like &gt;&gt; I'm not going to lie, it would be a shame if ano doesn't punch her ticket to worlds this year. Like it's like the stuff she's done this year in ADC la at the tail end of last year, IBJF and everything, you know, it's like it would be a little bit of a bummer if Anomayer Domo didn't end up being at the World Championship. So, I hope she's healthy and able to get in here, you know, and and at least have a shot at doing this. But there are some tough competitors signed up as well, like Amanda Bruce, I think, is one of the favorites that I just looking quickly that I see. &gt;&gt; Ali had a good run at the East Coast trials as well. But yeah, um you know, I I guess I'm not sure. I know I know uh Anna suffered a bit of an injury at the European trials and haven't seen her since, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I don't know a lot of the details on it. Um, that's kind of what I've heard heard the murmurss of that, but you know, hopefully she's healthy, able to do it. Uh, minus 65 Maka Vickers is definitely one to watch. Claire Butterfield, Claire Butterfield, a uh W Novette as well. Um, probably a lot of females were missing here, so I apologize for that. And then plus 99, we got Jennifer Case5 &gt;&gt; or plus 65. Yes, sorry. Joselyn Molina, Natalie LC, you know, so definitely all these divisions shaping out to be pretty competitive, pretty sick at West Coast Trials. And I, you know, I know Mo's involved with West Coast Trials. I know Mo likes to put on a good show. So, I think you can expect this one to be pretty electric. We're probably going to have like, it's going to be really, it's going to be like the same setup from what I've heard as like 2024 West Coast Raws, right? Like all the lights, the theatrics, theatric, so much smoke. More smoke than you could ever dream of, dude. So much smoke. You might not even see the action. There's so much smoke. But &gt;&gt; Yep. So, it's in Pomona, California. So, if you're in the kind of LA area, definitely come come check this one out. It definitely In-N-Operson trials are always kind of wild and fun and and Mo, you know, definitely curates things to uh to be an exciting event for the fans. So, definitely come check that one out. Uh April 18th and 19th in in uh the LA area, Pomona, California. &gt;&gt; There we go. &gt;&gt; Check it out. Honestly, I am jacked for ADCC West Coast trials. It really is kind of one of the best trials &gt;&gt; in and it almost I think we have &gt;&gt; well we have one more uh Asian trials I believe still after this. So it you know the trials are kind of wrapping up here. U we're starting to get a clear picture of worlds. The invites are starting to kind of roll out. They've had some fun interesting invites so far. Mattea Shazinski in Adam Wardzinski in. Um some some of our favorite guys to watch are are on the come up there. So, that's going to be exciting. And uh man, you know, there there's what still four or five months, but ADC season is is crazy. It's wild. &gt;&gt; A wild time, bro. &gt;&gt; There's going to be so many crazy things that happen from from now until the uh the World Championships in Ka, Poland. So, definitely stay glued cuz who knows what's going to happen. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we were going to dive a little more into who is qualified and everything for the World Championship, but I feel like we've been going for a while, so maybe we'll save that for another episode. We can focus a little more on it. You have a favorite moment from West Coast Trials? &gt;&gt; Favorite moment from West Coast Trials? Like in recent time, like keeping it, you know, uh, somewhat recent, I would say Michael Pixley winning was a crazy moment. Michael Perez coming over and yelling to my camera that the prodigal son, excuse me, the prodigal son has returned to rightfully claim the throne. That was epic. I like anybody who says a cool ass line like that. But I gotta say like honestly 2024 the Tacket brothers like it was like it was crazy to see William and Andrew both go out there and win. William pulling off the the A block from Closeguard, you know, reverse closedguard. Like that was just absolutely electric. And then them celebrating together, two brothers winning the same trials. Super big-time bummer we didn't end up seeing them at the World Championship, but definitely kind of an electric moment that's hard not to uh be stoked on to be honest. So &gt;&gt; yeah, you know, Nikki Ryan had some sick moments from uh historically at the West Coast Trials 2019. Fought Ethan Krenllinston, I believe, there in like the semi-finals. But uh Nikki, the young Nikki had a good run there. Liz Clay, of course, won West Coast Trials when he when she was 16 back in 2019. That's 2019 West Coast Trials was crazy. That's when we had uh uh Rafael Lovato Jr. versus Buchesia. That's when we had it was supposed to be Brolio Esteema versus Leandro Low. And while Brolio Esteema was warming up for the Leandro Low match, Brolio Esteema, I believe, like popped his rib or broke a rib or hurt his rib like like moments before the match was going to happen. And um so they pulled Brolio Esteema out. Luckily, Gordon Ryan was there and they slotted Gordon Ryan in last second, still wearing jeans and a t-shirt and stuff like that. and but Gordon was down and he fought Leandro Low in uh at at the uh West Coast trials. Kind of one of the lone lone losses in in in Gordon's entire career to be honest. Uh but it was it was a crazy situation. This was early on. Gordon had, you know, Gordon had just won ADCC 2017, so he was on the comeup, but hadn't quite solidified himself as like the greatest of all time yet, but uh you know, soon enough. Um, so there's some there's been some fun moments from from West Coast Trials. Keith Correan, I thought always had kind of one of the craziest runs there from West Coast Trials at 66 where he submitted uh Josh Cneros in the finals. Um, so there's always some some fun fun stuff going down. &gt;&gt; Definitely. And I got a feeling, you know, there's going to be some new crazy moments emerge from this year's West Coast Trials. Definitely, you know, eight athletes going to punch their tickets. Obviously, always in an electric environment, everything. So, I'm stoked for it. April 18th and 19th. Make sure you guys are tuned in to watch that. Before we get out of here though, I want to just shout out our supporting sponsor, Browse Fight, a social enterprise with clear transparency. Check out Browse's products and purposes now at flowgrappling.browfight.com. You can get this hoodie Reed's wearing. Look at this sick hoodie I got. &gt;&gt; You guys want to look like Big Uncle Reed right here? You can get this hoodie. We got all the all the Flow merch is now available on flowgrappling browfight.com. So go there. I saw somebody in Joe's technique breakdown video. They were saying, "Yo, where's the hookup for the hoodie?" This is the hookup. You got to go to flowgrappling.fight.com. But thank you guys for tuning in to the episode. We'll be back next week. Maybe we'll dive into how the divisions of ADCC are shaping up, what we think of them. But we'll see you guys in the next episode.