Kind: captions Language: en Two more examples that I want to break down, and they are both of the same guy. They're both of Julian Espinosa. I think that Julian Espinosa is almost criminally underrated in the jiu-jitsu world, right? This is a guy who every time he comes to the mat, fully prepared to put on a show. This guy has maybe the most dynamic takedowns in the sport of Brazilian jiu-jitsu. This guy has pulled off some of the craziest chokes, armbars, leg locks that I have seen. He's always doing things that are really technically interesting. He has always taking on some of the best in the world in multiple different weight classes. I think Julian's a stud. I love watching this guy compete. I can't wait to watch him compete at WNO 32 later this month for the WNO lightweight championship. So, make sure you check that out. Maybe you can see some of the stuff that we're talking about when he takes the mats there. Let's look at him dropping back on one of these leg locks against João Neto at last year's Nogi Pans. Here you see he's putting pressure from the half butterfly. Now, this is a very difficult position for to leg lock from from top. Why? The legs are to the inside, and that is going to make the legs uh safe from any of these traditional style of attacks. It's going to take some kind of leg pummeling to get anything going. From here, Julian was able to push on the shins, free his legs, tripod up and around to the side control, and start to force his opponent to re-guard. And you might notice we're starting to get to a pretty similar position, and there's the attack. He drops back for the heel hook, is able to secure the finish very similar to what we just saw Cole Abate doing. So, this is something that not just Cole's getting onto, but more and more people are starting to notice. Thread to the leg drag, but rather than trying to pass on the leg drag, which is very rare in nogi without the grips, instead it's offering you a great position to drop back. Instead of passing towards the head to secure the submission, you're uh uh dropping back uh towards the foot to secure the submission. Pretty interesting. Let's take one more look. Here he's threaded his way around to side control by posting on the shin and hopping his uh feet around. There the heel presents itself, and very similar, it's a heel first, leg second type of attack. Where do the legs end up? It's not actually as important as some of these other attacks because the securing of the heel is so strong, right? You're making up for a lot of deficiencies you might end up with in the leg entanglement because of the strength of everything else in the lock. This is one of the craziest submissions of last year that people really didn't talk about enough, right? Uh this is Julian's leg lock that he uh hit at Nogi Pans. This was an absolute highlight reel, and there's a great example of what we're talking about of being able to hit a leg lock from top position. And what's even more interesting is it doesn't start from top position. This starts as a single leg, but transitions into a takedown, immediately into a submission. Beautiful, beautiful stuff. Uh so, here we see Julian is standing with the single leg. Important that he has the single leg where? Across his body. You can have a single leg to the same side where the person is directly in front of you where if they wanted to jump guard on you, maybe, they would be able to do that. Or you can have the leg across your body. It's a much safer position theoretically for a lot of this stuff, and uh Julian has found a way to make it a more dangerous uh position for his opponent. Walking around with him, he's going to secure with a little trip there to get him down, and immediately transitions into a brutal reap and foot lock. Unbelievable finish. Still pretty early in the match. That is feet to floor to submission all in the blink of an eye. Julian Espinosa, this is one of my favorite performances that you had last year. It's unbelievable. Let's take another look. Here he's walking his opponent around. Nice and slow. Trying to get his opponent walking. There he upsets the balance with a nice little trip. But as soon as the opponent's butt hits the mat, he takes his outside leg and he threads it up and over the top. He's not going to worry in this case about pushing himself into any kind of heel hook. He's already got a good grip on the Achilles. Let's take advantage of it, right? We see a lot of people finish single legs and don't follow up on it, right? Instead they're trying to scramble for position. Julian said, "I don't want to do that. I want to scramble for submission and end this fight." He throws the leg up over the top and rolls across his shoulders to end up back on his back. Now he's got a uh inside position with both legs across ashi as you might call it, saddle as you might call it, 411 as you might call it. He's got the Achilles lock. He's going to hip into that like a mug, and eventually get the tap. Julian elevates the guy, kicks that foot out, and kicks the leg over and finishes his [music] roll. Hips in for the Achilles lock, gets the win, gets the dub. So, the next time you tune into a nogi event, start to take a look at how many people are finishing fights from the top position with these leg locks, right? This is no longer just something that the bottom player has in his arsenal. We're seeing it from the top player in a lot more of their tool kits. Uh if you want to see Julian Espinosa, make sure you tune in March 31st [music] to FloGrappling when he takes on three other men in a one-night grand prix for the WNO lightweight championship. Uh my name is Joe Gilpin. If there's any other grapplers or athletes or situations, positions, anything like that you guys want to see us break down, make sure you hop [music] in the comments, let us know, and we'll be back soon.