Kind: captions Language: en Welcome back everyone. We're we're here now uh 66 kilos Josh Cnerro and and another very young man that has a lot of hype behind him coming out of Melkie Gones as well Gabrielle and Cnerro in the all-white very nice wrestling Cisneros has you can see that wrist high looked like he was going to go off for the single Gabby, look at that nice little arm drag there by Cneros again. &gt;&gt; How just says, "Hey, I don't like that collar tie there. Arm drag attempt but narrow circles keeps the head in great position. Beautiful duck under try. All right, here's guys showing nice again. Beautiful arm drag. Trying to scoop underneath the legs. This narrows up the knee through the middle approach here. He's got to move his hands [music] backwards there. He cuts the knee. Now he's going to have to fight off an inversion. And it's all about the left knee for Gabrielle. If he can when he scoops, if he can start to invert, he's looking to bring that knee into the inside. There it is. You see the ankle grip there by Cneros that that's helping him keep out of that. s in, but he's got to stay above the knee. He can get above the Now he's got above the knee. Let's see if he can get that. &gt;&gt; So, Zero's fighting back, moving backwards. Should be out of this now. He continues to move back. Free the leg. Untie the figure four from the back of the hamstring, which will make this a little bit looser. He's got that other opposite leg in good position to help So just push down that figure four on his right side. His foot will come out. &gt;&gt; If he's not careful, he may get his leg pulled back in, which would be not so great here. &gt;&gt; Trying really trying to pull the leg back in. This is inverted. He's got he's pulled the leg back in momentarily. Now the knee line's safe again. So some nice stuff by both gentlemen. Cisnero keeping the knee safe, keeping his knee line out, trying to roll through a Gabrielle trying to meet that. Head to head finger fighting. Just under a minute before points are are a factor on this. Both guys got an arm drag. It's nice arm drag there. Did a better job of sagging into the floor there instead of chasing the back. Got to drop the weight with the arm drags. again. Head position, finger fighting. &gt;&gt; They're all sitting for four points. So, had some nice injuries on the leg. Couldn't really get &gt;&gt; a real bite on the heel, but had some nice injuries. See if he chooses to go inverted on his left side before. Here he goes again. He's going to invert as he wants to. And then it's all about that ankle. So, Cesner's trying to pull that ankle up. That that foot's going to try to go underneath. So, the knee leads the way. The foot follows if he goes to this left side. &gt;&gt; Nope. Abandoned. Snarrow's pressure. Put him on his other hip. coming through the middleos. &gt;&gt; So Cisneros can take se couple of different approaches here. Can pummel that far leg's left leg in the middle start pop coming back the other side. Looks like he's still trying to invert. He needs to open his left knee up. That'll that'll that there you go. Puts it that puts him in a threequarter position, which gives you a little bit more offense or at least keeps some keep some space so you can generate offense when you want. again. &gt;&gt; Three quarter guard here. &gt;&gt; Gabriel Cisneros just stuck right now in the three quarter guard. really looking to dominate the he's got that ankle look to sit through but double unders leg work there by both gentlemen. Gabriel tried to save his guard. Good leg pumbling around for Cisneros. Cisneros on the back of the turtle. He was able to get he's [music] on the back. He's got to save that that right leg. He's going to want to slip it around the hip. So slip it underneath that top leg. Get it around the hip. Now he's going to want to push the foot through on the thigh. Gabrielle is turning this got to be careful that Gabriel can't leave through the backside. Yanks his arm out. Go from good position to nothing here. So lot of work to do for Cisner's got he's look looking on the arm here. Let's see if he goes all in on the arm. faces the legs and tries to roll Gabriel through &gt;&gt; so Gabriel can be he's actually should be stapling the bottom leg now have to move well to the right hand side keep moving to the right hand side his right hand side and post up the other leg the right leg would be the post that you're going to want he's going to want to take that frame is what's saving him here. Cner is going to have to follow up here. &gt;&gt; Gabriel is out. Gets under. Still looking on a leg. See if he can thread his legs through. Backside 50/50 right now. Still couldn't quite get Can't really see if he has a he's got the foot. He's got the foot, but he doesn't have the the the heel. Now he's he had the heel, but not really isolated. So, Cisnero does a good job of kicking out and neutralizing the position back on this same side. Cero's might do well to separate and try the other side. been passing to this side &gt;&gt; and Gabriel's been very very comfortable on this side the entire time here &gt;&gt; punch through and around to the back is Cisnerero. So &gt;&gt; well done. Time's going to go out, though. So they're going to have a fiveminute overtime. &gt;&gt; Both guys have shown some favoritism to the arm drags. head-to-head finger fighting. So, both have to separate the hands before they really start to get on some offense. Interlocked fingers for both guys. Neither one of them has uh clearcut advantage. There was Gabrielle freed his hands, twisted them to the outside, then tried that arm drag. [cheering] starting to stand up. Makes me think he's gonna shoot underneath. Sometimes they call that mirroring. There he goes. They you you stand up, your opponent stands up, and then he shot underneath. So now let's see if he can get himself out of cannot see. Looks like it's Yeah, looks like he's got his arm in. Got an arm in. He can't make anything of it. and Gabrielle. And now Cesner's on the back. One, one hook. Let's see if he can secure the head and arm and then get that other leg. He's still not able to get that other leg. Same situation as we saw earlier. Was not able to get that second hook in. He's got a backpedal. He should backpedal. Go belly down and come up. And that way he's able to get to the top. Both guys very close here. Cero's very close to getting to the back there. He's moving backwards. Better position for him now. Able to thread his legs through &gt;&gt; once again here. So, same exact position as earlier. That's the leg that Gabrielle needs to post to make sure that Cisneros cannot get around the corner. There's going to be an arm lock attempt potentially here. There it is. And now can Cisneros eyes up. Girls up and got good arm position. So he's going to yank out of there. His arm actually slid back in for a moment. As he yanked out, his arm actually slid back in. Now he's out of the arm lock &gt;&gt; and into real time this position right here. So going to freeze in that position. Move back into the center. There's a potential crucifix position coming here. Ceros has his right leg lassoed in and uh I could not see if Gabriel had the grip or not, but his right leg was slid in there. All he's got to do is rotate his left leg back. He'll be able to he'll be able to to lock a figure four and essentially have an arm isolation. But nope, choose to stay out front. He's got a tight waist here on this right side. A minute left. Then Gabriel sit back, lift the legs up and work himself out of this situation. So he just turns. Let him out. He turns. He's back on the back. One hook in. Kadakatami could be coming here. So got gift wrap. Kadakatami. It's all right there, which would help Cisneros secure a mount or back position. He's trying to half Nelson. GIF wrap is there. It's right there. Uses the right arm, locks the wrist, gift wraps his own arm. This gives you lots of control for either pressure forward for the back take or chair sits backwards for the back take or mount. &gt;&gt; He likes to go just backhead arm. I don't believe cannot see if he has it. Yeah, he has a gift wrap now. That'll help. It's going to help his control. &gt;&gt; Isolates the arm. into a triangle. Now that's got an Achilles triangle. This thing is so tight. Very, very tight triangle right there. And I don't know if he tapped or time ran out, but that triangle goes on so tight. It was a very, very nice Achilles triangle. Josh Cisneros wins his match.