Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to the 2025 IBJJF World Championships. We are here at the iconic Pyramid in Long Beach, California, and we are starting off on day one of our black belt competition here. My name is Kendall Rousing. I am joined here by Coyote Terra and of course Danny O'Donnell as well. And we are going to get into the action very, very soon here. This morning we have an amazing setup. We're going to start with the open class and then of course go into our regularly scheduled divisions. We've got male and female divisions going and the open class is already getting rocking and rolling. So before we go to Matt's side for you to walk you through the action, Danny, why don't you explain to us a little bit about what we can expect from the women's divisions this year? Yeah, we got some incredible female athletes as always at the World Championships. Let's start out in the light featherweight division. We have new black belt Mia Fune. She's going to be representing Art of Jiu-Jitsu. I think a lot of people were not expecting Mia to compete in this year's Worlds as a black belt, but she got promoted by her professor Glaremy Mendes. You can see how dangerous her guard is. She's just been an incredible athlete throughout all the color belts. Won nearly every major championship. Now she's going to be taking on black belt. Pretty crazy year, right? Same year for Mia Faggra. Also a crazy year for Casamora. She got her black belt last year here at the pyramid in the world championships. She's going to be taking on the featherweight division. Already a no world champion. Just won her first major ghee title at the Brasileros. Casia really explosive, really technical athlete training under Bruno Bastos at Lead Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. She'll be taking on the always difficult featherweight division. [Music] Next up, we have Jenna Lebre. She's going to be competing as a lightweight. You can see her there getting a foot lock finish in the final of the pans. She's not only won the pans this year, she also won the Europeans and the Brasileros. This has been the best year of Jenna's career. She's representing Art of Jiu-Jitsu as well, and we're all really looking forward to potential matchups with Louisa and some of the other amazing lightweight athletes this year at the world. Next, we have Elizabeth Clay. She'll be representing Aries, Brazilian jiu-jitsu. Elizabeth Clay, despite being really young, is actually pretty much a veteran in the sport at this point. Has so much experience at the black belt level. See her a lot competing in the no ghee, but now is competing in the ghee pretty frequently as well. Just won the brascaleros. And Elizabeth's Clay is really dangerous, especially with her foot locks and her lower body submission attacks. Now we have Gabrieli Passagna, the queen of jiu-jitsu. She's an eighttime IBJF world champion. She's going to be going for titles 9 and 10 in the super heavyweight and absolute divisions. Gabrieli hadn't lost since 2021 until the Brasileros. She beat Tyani in the absolute but lost in the final of the weight class. So she did win the grand slam for the absolute division but had an incredible match with Tani Pfiro. That's one that I think a lot of fans are looking forward to as a potential rematch. Couple more athletes we wanted to highlight before moving on to the male divisions. Maisa Boso. She's won five straight Rooster titles. been the best rooster weight of all time going for her sixth title. Also Louisa Montero, she's been competing in the pyramid for years. Has such an impressive resume, not just at the worlds, but all the major IBJF championships. Man, it is going to be electric once the ladies get started. But before we go Matt side, we also are going to take a look at the male division. So, Kyotara, walk us through a little bit about what we can expect this weekend. Yeah, we have May Hunt personally my favorite athlete last year. you know, he brought in the show and I believe he's going to do it again. He's not he's not competing at Absolute this year, but uh Mayan is so dynamic, you know, he's so explosive and um I suggest I I highly suggest everyone to not just watch, but to not blink during this fight, his fights because you will miss out. You know, Mihan is is the guy to watch. And we also have Diego Po coming in and the male light featherweight division. Kaio dynamic guard, you know, uh crazy submissions from the back from, you know, from attacking the legs. Diego is is definitely one of the most technical out athletes uh at this tournament and uh I'm actually really excited to watch him. We also have his teammate Tyan Dalpra coming in middleweight. I think Tynan is the guy that actually is uh like the the the one person from AOJ that brings the technique and and and tries it out the new things that AOJ is are testing, you know. So, I'm really excited to watch and see what AOJ is working on and what uh Tyon can can bring us, you know. And another athlete that we wanted to highlight, I know is Jansen Gomez, right? He's had an electric year. What do you expect from him? Yeah, we we have to highlight him and his crowd. Checkmat always brings in the heat and so does Johnson, you know, with with his jiu-jitsu, with his dance, you know, with with his aggressiveness, you know, it's always exciting to watch Johnson and uh it's someone that I also highly suggest everyone to be with the eyes really open. Now, speaking of that crowd, we've also got Czechman's Adam Wardinski coming in at heavyweight. Yeah. and and Adam, you know, uh had his best year this this last 12 months winning worlds uh uh Europeans, Pans, Brazilos, uh really grand slam uh for someone that never had podium at Worlds before. Incredible, you know, and and um yeah, Adam has just been on fire, like you said, Kyle, didn't even podium at the Worlds until last year when he won with all submissions. So really the way he was able to kind of not necessarily turn things around because he was always successful, but just the way he's been able to be undefeated and win almost everything has been insane. Insane. It was iconic, right? It was such a big moment. And we have two other athletes who are also going to highlight in the males division, Danny. Yeah. We have Eric Munice, who's last year's absolute champion. Eric's a multiple time black belt world champion, but hasn't won double gold. So I think that's something he's going to be aiming for this year. He'll be at super heavyweight and then he signed up for the absolute. Also, we can't forget Gustavo Batista. He won the medium heavyweight division last year. actually submitted Jansen Gomez who we highlighted earlier. So, we could potentially see a rematch between Gustavo and Jansen. That would be absolutely amazing. Man, we've covered a lot of exciting matches and we are about to get into the action. And just as a reminder, we're going to go to the open class that's streamed completely for free on YouTube. So, you're going to stay tuned on there. But for the divisions, make sure you've got your Flow subscription updated. That way you don't miss any of the exciting matches. And without further ado, my name is Kendall Rousing. Kyotera Danny O'Donnell here. But we're going to head down to mat one. So get ready to jump in with us. Dory Roosevelt Soua here on mat one. Roosevelt in ultra heavyweight. Dory I believe competing in the medium heavyweight division. Currently Roosevelt leading this match 20-0. Also has a one advantage lead. 2 minutes 28 seconds remain here in this absolute match at the 2025 IBJF World Jiu-Jitsu Championships. [Applause] [Music] Well, one thing we can always say about the world, Danny, is there is no energy like pyramid energy. And here at 9:30 in the morning, we are already feeling it all over the place on every single field mat here. And the crowd is uh it's already rocking and rolling. I'm excited. Yeah, I love the way the energy in the crowd kind of grows and evolves throughout the tournament, too. Right now, like you said, there's still a lot of energy. Everyone's excited for the absolute division, but it gets crazier and crazier as the day goes on. Yeah. Yesterday was yesterday was already crazy. You know, crazy. It was completely packed. Every single seat taken. All right, here we go. We got a bit of a reset. 215 on the board. Roosevelt leading by two points. Roosevelt is in the blue ghee on bottom and close guard. Dory is on top. Now, this is a big match for Dory. Dory is known as an athlete that was really a superstar coming up through the colored belts. He would throw on these big submissions. He had a crazy gast. He was always really fun to watch. But now, oh, I see a big sweep here from Roosevelt to add two more points to the board. I say now is his time to really start proving himself in the ghee at the black belt level and so a new era of his career for sure but he's gonna have to get past Roosevelt to do it which is a tall task. Yeah, we hadn't seen too much of Roosevelt competing this year, at least not in the major ghee championships. I believe this is his first one of 2025. Got a chance to talk to him yesterday. He said he's going to be back competing in the ghee a lot more often and he seemed extremely motivated and said he's very well trained for this edition of the Worlds. Roosevelt has a really dangerous straight ankle lock. Something that he looks for in a lot of his matches. But here just trying to put the pressure on on Dory. Wow. Big guard pass here. Big pressure from Roosevelt. He's got a strong under hook and a cross face here. See him make a connection on the forearm. And I think he's slid into mount. His right foot may still be in like that quarter guard um style since Oh no, we just saw the points pop on. So, he's he's mounted at this point. [Music] You notice how he keeps such a strong emphasis, too, on keeping Dory's well, I was going to say Dory's right shoulder pinned to the ground. And then, of course, Dory swam for an under hook right then. But even just with the cross face without the underhook on the left hand side, he's still able to keep that shoulder pinned. So, we're going to go all the way to the finals for the absolute division. You'll see that absolute final tomorrow night as Roosevelt Souza tries to get the finish over Dory Allen now nearly on the back has one hook. Quite an avalanche of a match too, right? Because we came in and there were two minutes left and only two points on the board and then we finish here with this 11 points. It was a kind of a steamroll. Like took a while for Roosevelt to hit his stride, but once he did, he really got rocking and rolling. [Applause] So, Roosevelt moves on in the absolute division, gets the 11 nothing win by points over Dory Allen. [Applause] So, not only do we have the male black belt absolute going on, we also have the female black belt absolute. Tiny Porfiro just won via submission. Just give you guys a quick update. and be following both the male and female absolute divisions very closely here as we kick off the 2025 World Championships. So, we got a submission from Tani Porfir we're going to take a look at Tani in the mount. Looks like it could have been an Ezekiel choke finish I believe for Tyani. She's going to move on to the next round of the absolute. All right, and we're going to come back here to see a match of Elder Cruz. And we've got Lucas here on the other side. This is a qualifying round in the open class. Elder Cruz is actually a teammate of Dory. So Dory exiting the mat and Elder coming right back on. It's going to be a big morning for the Checkmat team. Covered some of their athletes earlier in our pre-show and here we go. Elder Cruz Lucas Montalva square off here in a qualifier in the absolute division 2025 IBJF World Jiu-Jitsu Championships. [Applause] Elder and IBJGF NOG world champion putting the ghee back on looking for his first major title here at the 2025 Worlds. [Applause] Lucas and Elder I think had pretty similar games with their takedown attempts, really strong um takedowns and just work from the feet. Good guard passing. So I think it's going to be a pretty interesting stylistic matchup. Yeah, it's interesting too. The ref is is is already looking to penalize them. Was already looking to penalize them. Was counting and and now it's making them have some more action. So, let's see if you know maybe without the grips in the beginning. Look at that. Now there's a shot. It's interesting when you have athletes that both have such strong takedown uh games in the ghee, but they kind of stall each other out or they get, you know, their games kind of cancel out. Like with Elder, for example, we know we see a lot of his takedowns, especially in no ghee, has a lot of shrunk inside tie setups. So, you can see him swimming inside for that inside position, but in the ghee, it can be so much more difficult to attain because of that grip on the collar. You can get stiff armed and push away. So, when you have a wrestling game versus, you know, a heavy judo game, of course. Oh, and as I say, we see a little bit of a shot there. Um, when you have a heavy wrestling game, it can be really hard to translate to the ghee, right? Because you have that stiff arm. And if you're not really purposely breaking a lot of grips and resetting the grips, then you do get stuck this way quite a bit. Elder representing team Czechmat. Lucas Montalva is a GF team representative. [Applause] Both teams bringing a lot of athletes to this edition of the worlds. No grips. That's when Elder can can shoot his take down his single legs which are really dangerous. He has taken a lot of people down with his single his single legs. He was walking a little bit backwards and I think the the ref is going to give another penalty to to both of them. Yeah, Montava I think knows the that distance shot is really scary from Elder, right? So, it's why I think they're keep they keep coming back together and he makes those grips immediately and tries to make that connection and keep Elder at bay because you're right, when Elder gets some space, like you just said, Kaio, that's when he gets very dangerous. And now he has the grip. So, we're going to see a little bit more of of no action. [Applause] [Music] Oh, and a bit of a shot there from Lucas from the outside, but it's actually Elder who circles around behind. They do go out of bounds, but he did try to take advantage of that shot from Lucas Monavalo. I don't think that it earned him an advantage, but let's see. No, they're just a plain reset. [Music] [Applause] I think Elder should be working on trying to break the grips, but breaking grips with big boys. Not the sometimes not. What would you do there, Kendall? Oh my gosh. You know, I think Elder had the right idea to try to get them that space and and go in on a shot. Montal did the same thing, right? But it was countered. So, he was, you know, he had Elder then on his back for just a moment even though it was out of bounds. And I think, you know, the pressure is on for Montaval right now with Elder has that advantage on the scoreboard. I think one of the other things too you asked you said about the the breaking the grips is switching the focus to be a twoon-one, right? So if someone has two grips on me, two hands go to the sleeve. You're going to pop that off and then go into, you know, resetting that grip rather than trying to fight both at the same time. Now, as this match continues, we actually are going to pop over to mat 12 because we have gotenberg on matt 12 and we have some really exciting matches coming up that you guys are not going to want to miss. Gutenberg on top representing Art of Jiu-Jitsu came to this bracket as the number two seed taking on Bruno Breston Garcia. Ooh, that looks like it could potentially be deep here as this Armen guillotine. Hard to finish in the ghee, right? Not nearly as common. But one of the nice things about this position is that it can threaten people enough to give up positions like passing or the back, of course, based on their defense. And I think he's using just that right now. And sometimes it's not even just passing, but getting into a really good tight position, you know. And I think he just got into a leg weave position. Yeah. And Gutenberg, you know, with with his weight and explosiveness, he's dangerous from there. He has the head now. He just has to get rid of the hands. And look at that. That will be a guard pass most likely. Bruno is really fighting and he got that lapel there on the foot and Oh wow. Yeah, nice job from him. Anything to hold on just a little bit, right? Sometimes that makes the difference. The thing is at seven minutes and a half fighting from that position, you know, even if you even if you manage to get out of there and win somehow, which will be hard, but the next match you're dead and let's keep it in mind, we still have the weight classes, right? So, I don't know. I love the way that Genber used his knee to come in and break that grip. He slid his knee up on top of the wrist and then slid it towards him. He has to pop that off. Yeah. Scores the pass here. I'm really excited to watch Gutenberg this year at the Worlds. I know last year he didn't have the performance he wanted. Lost to Jansen Gomez, also lost in his weight class, but he's had also had some amazing performances in this building. I remember his match a few years ago at Victor Hugo. That final was incredible. Back and forth match still one of my favorite worlds memories of all time. Amazing amazing match where Gutenberg was up by a lot of points. Victor Hugo ended up coming back, but Gutenberg is such a technical and highly refined athlete. I think he's going to going to put on a great performance this weekend. Yeah, I have seen Gutenberg beating guys that are, you know, in his early days that I didn't expect him to beat. But now where that he's seasoned, I have seen him lost matches. Obviously, not the the it's not that the other guy is not good, but he's such a big favorite against most of the people, if not everyone, you know, with the exception of Eric Monise, that sometimes he loses. And I'm actually impressed that, you know, surprised, not impressed, but surprised that that happened because, you know, he's such a favorite. Look at his Kimura now from side control. And that's brutal. Yeah, brutal finish there. Amazing finish by Gutenberg. He's going to move on here in the absolute division. Gutenberg will take on the winner of Anderson Munice, who won the Worlds last year, and Gilmy Cypriano. We have another exciting match coming up on this mat. I believe we have Eric Monise coming up. Is that right? He's coming up soon. Oh, he's coming up on Matt 2. That's right. That's right. And I believe we're going to get some submission highlights for you guys in just a moment. Don't go anywhere. We have some of the women's division submissions are going to pop up on the screen. So much action to cover when these mornings get started. It's really, really hard to catch it all. But seeing uh Gutenberg move through here. And then we will take a look at Eric Munice in just a moment on Mat 2. [Applause] I have never seen that. [Music] [Applause] All right. And we are taking a look here back at this match that we left earlier between Montava and Elder Cruz. Elder Cruz is leading by a very narrow lead, right? He's got one advantage more than Montalba has. Probably came from the penalty if I, you know, if I had to guess seeing as there's two penalties on the board here. There was only one pace left. What an interesting position for them to be in as well because it's only 140 left. I believe Montela has a pretty deep lasso in with his left foot. So Elder's trying to make his way around the guard, but Montbao doesn't seem to be, you know, really active with that guard, but he was keeping Elder from passing. But once Elder gets his explosive movement going, that's when he gets really scary here on top. onto holding the double sleeve grip on that last one. It's not something we see super often here because it's very hard to create activity and scoring from. But I think Elder is very smart to keep, you know, the other pant leg pinned down and try to work his way around to the side. [Music] [Applause] [Music] So, we got one minute left with Lucas Montavalo, Elder Cruz coming up soon. We are going to have Eric Munice. He already won one match in the absolute. He'll be coming up shortly. So, be on the lookout for that. Wow, look at that persistent pressure there from Elder. Oh, now he gets his space here. 29 seconds left. Yeah, but if he walks back, he gets a penalty and loses. So, oh, big double leg there on the very edge from Montalvo, but a guillotine answering that by Elder. [Music] 15 seconds. And as a reminder, there's only advantages on the board. So, if there were a two-point takedown, that would be it. Oh, and here we go. Not quite scoring yet, but almost is going to be trying to finish on top. Here's Elder Cruz. 5 seconds to go. That's true. That's true. Oh, not anymore. Oh, jumps for the back. So, he opts out for the two, but he's already in the lead from the advantage, right? The referee, he raised his hand to give the two, but kept his fist closed. Right on the edge. Close match, but Elder Cruz is going to come away with the victory. He'll take on Igor Britto next of Lotus Club. Yeah. On this same side of the open class bracket for Elder Cruz, we potentially have some matchups with Roosevelt. We've got Luis Fernando Olivivera. And then on the other side, you know, we've got athletes like Eric Munice who we're going to see coming up. We've got Anderson, of course. So many great athletes here. The open class is always really where, especially if this is maybe your first or second World Championships tuning in with us. This is where, you know, the legends are made, right? because you get the best of the best. The open class is a mix of all the weight classes coming together and you typically the people who are meddling the open classes are also winning their weight divisions. They are the icons. We're going to take a look here at one of our women's division matches. We've got Yara and Tayani. They're going to have an open class match here to start us off. Now, just as a reminder, historically, right, we talked about Gab Pisagna quite a bit. Gabby has a lot of history with both of these ladies. Gabby Pisagna hadn't lost since 2021 until Brazilos where Tayani lost to Gabby in the open class but Gabby beat Tayani in the weight class which was a really really big moment for women's jutsu especially for the super heavy division because funny enough Yara Suarez on the other side of the mat she is actually had a similar situation with Gabby Pagna at brown belt world championships where she was the only one to beat Gabby I believe in the weight class and Gabby had beat in the open class. So, there's a lot of history between those three ladies and it's going to be exciting to see how that shakes out in the open class today and the weight class. It was really interesting to see Yara Suarez drop down to the heavyweight division for Brasilo. Won gold at that event. She was competing at super heavyweight but decided to change divisions and she looked absolutely phenomenal in Brazil. Yeah, it's kind of like the super heavy division has kind of been the story of Gabby and Yara for quite a few years now, right? So, I think that was a very cool move to see Yara make a shift and see not just how that affects her performance in the weight division, but also how that affects her performance in the open class because she comes in as a bit of a different athlete, you know. All right. And here we have our first match that we're covering for the women's division today. Isidora Silva in the black ghee on top leading by three points and Gabrielle Shuck on bottom in the BV. [Applause] Isidora is an athlete representing Dreamer and she's a very very impressive black belt out of Brazil. She's one of those athletes that she is always in the mix. She doesn't always come out on top, but she's always a threat. And sometimes as an underdog, she does take out the person you would expect to win the gold medal. So, you really just cannot underestimate her whenever she's on the mat. Just got word that we actually have Roosevelt Souza back in action as well. So, we are going to jump over to catch his next match as he progresses into the open class. Here we go. Back on mat one. And Roosevelt Snooza on bottom trying to keep his guard from getting passed by Luis Fernando on top. Big smash pressure here. Pinching both of Roosevelt's knees together. Switches to the other side. Almost comes around, but Roosevelt now going in on a leg for a moment there. We know he's very, very dangerous with his knee bars. Roosevelt playing with the lasso and the spider. See him try to set up his foot locks using that lasso foot in the middle of his opponent's legs to get underneath the hip. Two kind of attacks he has planned for Luis Canterrera. [Music] See a little bit of a shift on that grip adjustment there on the reset. And big pressure on top here to break those lasso grips. Another knee bar attempt here from Roosevelt. He's a little bit tighter on the leg now. He's not able to pull the ankle up towards his chest though where he needed it. So he switches to the backside lands us here in 50/50. So we're going to go over to matt 12. We got another Gutenberg Pereira match. He's taking on Anderson Munice, the world champion from last year. This is incredible matchup. This could be a final in any major in the world, right? This is just our opening match. This is just our quarterfinals. Crazy. It's very similar to the match we left a minute ago with like Tayani and Yara, right? That could be a final in any major around the world and we get to see it in the very beginning of the open class here at the Worlds. Any prediction on who's going to pull? They both have great guards, so I think it's in the cards for either one of them, but someone's going to pull for sure. I don't think it's going to be a takedown. The thing is that they both also have great top games, so I don't I don't think neither of them wants to be on bottom for that. Kyle, do you think both these guys go into a match like this with a specific strategy that I want to pull guard or I want to play on top passing? Actually, I think both of them are feeling each other. They're neither of them comes in scared of each other's guard. I think they're more like, okay, if I can play top, that's better, but if I'm going to play on bottom, I want to play some specific game against this opponent, you know? So, I think they're trying to set up where, okay, if I can take him down like this. Yeah, sure. But if I can't, maybe I want to be in this specific guard and I need a certain specific position on the feet to pull to that guard or pull close to that because you pull slightly wrong against someone that side that size and with such a precise technique, you know, uh it can be really dangerous. It can be truly dangerous. But you can see that both of them have grips. You know, it's that it's that that thing, you know, with grips on there are more like hip throws, right, Kendall? It's it's hard to shoot, right? [Applause] So, um We just got word that we had a pretty big submission against Roosevelt Souza. We're going to have a replay in there for in a moment. So you guys can see it since we shifted away from that matt. But coming back to what you were saying, Kaio, about Anderson and Gutenberg, you were mentioning, you know, the takedowns like we're not going to see wrestling most likely from these guys, but you were talking about the judo that gets into things with these kinds of grips, right? Yeah. Because uh the the thing with it is that when they make grips, it's not like just like a judo match because they keep their hips so far back, you know, and with the with the hips far back and a grip on the collar, it makes it hard to shoot on the legs, you know. Mhm. Um but it it becomes easier to certain guard pulls. But the thing is that at that level the other person is also expecting that you know jiu-jitsu is just so intricate and and so complicated. But I think that's what makes it fun. You know like the challenging part about jiu-jitsu if if it wasn't challenging I think most people would have quit. You know the people that actually stay I think they would have quit. But it's so challenging you know and and it's expectating jiu-jitsu should be also um you know fun. If you're looking for a challenge to try and understand what's going on, more than just looking for what they're doing and what's cool and what's not, but really trying to understand uh the perspective of the strategy of each person and why are they, you know, both of these guys have great guards. Why are they not pulling? You know, there's a reason to it, you know, and trying to figure that out. Sometimes it's the cool part about expectating such an intricate uh sport. Well, and it's it's interesting, too, because I agree with what you said, Ka. And one of the things we just noticed is Gutenberg actually shot in for the legs on the outside of the match. And right there, he looked to set up a bit of a throw himself, a bit of a foot sweep. So, it is hard to set up these takedowns from these grips. But, we just saw an attempt at I'm not sure if it was a Seo or if it was a Moroce based on where his arm was going, but a little bit of uh judo action coming from these guys for sure with the foot sweeps and the throws. So, I believe we're going to head over to Matt 2 for Eric Munice, the defending absolute world champion. He is on bottom in the blue ghee. Gets one of his signature sweeps. Yeah. Right as we as we get cut over to his mat. Gets the sweep. Oh. Oh. Oh. But you see this is what is so smart, you know, like he ends up getting the advantage. his opponent gets nothing, you know, and then um it's it's it's smart because he gets the the he gets swept back right at the edge of the of the map, you know, and he knows that. You can see that he does a little skip out of the map, you know, in this situation because he knows that he's going to be able to restart standing and pull to a guard where he can, you know, quickly adjust his grips and look for that sweep or that submission again without letting his opponent score. But look at that. What a beautiful uh uh uh jump over the legs and and attempt to pass the guard. You know, I think Anderson is actually being very uh uh being surprising me here. uh not uh not for for the jiu-jitsu that he's showing, but uh being being able to be aggressive against Eric Monise, the clear favorite for the absolute for the males absolute. It's not a strategy you see a lot of people use against Eric because a lot of times when you get overly aggressive with them, he'll either sweep you or pull you into a triangle. It's a pretty pretty unique approach. Yeah. Yeah, for sure. Eric is is a really big guy, but you can see that, you know, it reminds me um reminds me a little bit of Her, you know, because, you know, Her had the size, had the weight, but you could see the technique, you know, uh you didn't see him using his size. You ask his opponents, "Oh, man, was he strong? Was No, man. He's just like so precise, you know, and and Eric is the same thing, you know. He's so precise with his techniques and you know he's so sharp on the timing, you know, on the details of each little thing. He understands the game so well. You know, you can see the technique flowing. You don't see him using a lot of the size or explosiveness. You you see more of the techniques aspect out of it. And that's why I love watching Eric. Although he's a much bigger athlete than I am, I really like watching uh the way that Eric fights because I know that um I'm going to learn something from it, you know, and and it's not just about the the techniques, you know, Eric fights really well, you know, especially when he he he fights like some of the top competitors, he always um use a little bit of strategy against them. And there's something new always to learn about strategy as well. Beautiful guard pass by Eric Menise trying to take the back. Oh wow. Almost looked at an arm bar there for a moment and just trying to switch between the armbar, the mount, and the back. Threatening all three at the same time really creates such a dilemma because as you go to defend one, you open up the other. So you see Eric Wise now settling to the mount. So interesting what you mentioned about Hodrick cuz I feel like Eric and Hodrick kind of have a similar body type. Like they're big and heavy but they're very long and lean. Yeah, I think Hajer Her uh he's a little taller, you know. Oh, there we go. Got that finish. And uh talking about Eric and Unders here, you know, uh Anderson was fighting really well, you know. It sucks that he fought Eric, you know, because he he could have done a lot better run maybe a a little bit further, but but against Eric, it's tough. We're going to take a quick look at a replay of that finish so you guys can see. It was interesting once Mu's hips were pressing down from the top. But when you have an upside down arm bar like that, it is really brutal cuz all the weight comes down on the back of the elbow for the hyperextension. We're going to get a quick look at that. And then we actually have another sub we're going to show you. We're going to see a highlight of that Roosevelt sub that we mentioned earlier. Going to get to take a look at that. A lot of submissions so far here. We saw Tayani get a submission. Eric got a submission. Luis Canterrera, the one we're going to look at shortly. Oh, Luis Cantineria with a big arm bar against Roosevelt. Wow. Don't see that too often, do we, Danny? No. That was incredible finish. Now, we're going to take a look at Eric's. Another arm bar. Really tight control there from the mount. steps his left leg over the head. Look at that. Look at the hip pressure that comes down. The gravity of that is brutal. Falling forward on that arm bar. Really let him put his hip into the elbow and get the finish. That was amazing. All right, we've got Liz Clay now versus Mag Delane Alaska. Liz Clay, like you said, Danny, earlier today, she is more well known in I would say like in the household jiu-jitsu name setup as a noi fighter, but those who've been following her career for a long time know that she's always also been successful in the ghee and then of course had an amazing performance winning the Brazilos earlier this year. Now coming to try to go for her first black belt world title this year. [Applause] Magdalina going for that onehanded toe hold. Now Liz kind of free of it. I I believe that Elizabeth was just a mother now, huh? Yes. And somehow usually, you know, it's so crazy, you know, somehow you would expect, okay, the person becomes a mother, uh the jiu-jitsu career is over, you know, or you know, as as far as being an athlete, it's going to be too hard. But somehow in jiu-jitsu, usually when when someone gets pregnant, that's when they actually win worlds. We've seen it so many times. And the guy is where he stops. Yeah. You know, so when the father, you know, the the the black belt, the the guy had such an excellent career, the wife has the baby, that's when they actually that's when it's actually over. But for the woman, I think it's that, you know, the that natural hormones that they get afterwards. The fight, the fighter spirit is elevated. Yeah. Yeah. We have seen that, man, with Liz Clay. I mean, she returned so quickly after having her baby. She's talked about it very publicly. She came back and was absolutely on fire. Was winning back to back to back. I mean, we were we had many minny tournaments, including like Nogi Worlds, for example. We would get to her mat and not even be able to talk through her match because she was tapping people out in 20 seconds every time. It was crazy. Now, it's also worth mentioning, you can kind of see behind Tayan Porfio against Yara Suarez. She is winning four points and four advantages against Yara. That's a big shift in the open class just to take note of. And we also have Gabby Pisana, the reigning open class world champion up on this mat after this match. So stay tuned for that as well. Let's see if Gabi is going to do her part, get to the finals. Castion is definitely doing hers. She's winning four points ahead and there's barely any time left, less than two minutes. So I know a lot of people are hoping to see that rematch, right, Kyle? Yes. I think that's going to be crazier than the absolute uh the male absolute finals. You know, maybe this year they're going to finally switch and have the female uh being the main event. Right. Right. Yeah. It's going to be a big one. It's always a fascinating thing when you have someone who's been so dominant like Gaba Pagna have somebody who can really really challenge her in a new way. It's it's a fascinating. But hold on cuz Tioni was also very dominant. She's not just coming in, right? She She was gone for a few years, right? She was a fan for 4 years. And so that's when Gabby was really making her big explosion. So for those of us who were watching at that time and paying attention, we know. But for a lot of people who have been watching Gabby, they maybe are not as familiar with Tayani, it's almost like a shock. We're like, wait, what? But for those of us who have been watching, we're like, we were waiting for this, right? We're waiting for this moment. You know, me and Danny were talking like about Hobura, you know, seven years without competing and then he comes in at worlds and just take the gold, you know, from 2000 to 2007 and then uh I mean it's four years, right, a part of of like competition, you know, wow, there's a submission from Liz Clay. I know we were talking about the other part of the women's open class, but Liz Clay passes the guard, mounts, gets a choke finish here in about 7 minutes to move forward in the open class. That was a really, really dominant, beautiful finish from her. We're also going to get a quick look at a replay so you can kind of see some of those details. I wasn't sure, Danny, was it a crossaller? I saw at the very end. It was hard to kind of see. Yeah, it looked like it was some sort of choke from the mount. I believe it was cross collar. Interested to see the replay. So, I thought it was I thought it was from kind of side control the back. Let's see. No, she's Oh, mount. Yeah. Yeah, she's mounted here. But you're right, Kyle. She was kind of turning. Oh, it's an Ezekiel. You can see, right? Oh, it's an Ezekiel. Yeah, it's an Ezekiel. Definitely. Gabrielle Pagan, the eighttime world champion, takes the mat here at the IBJF World Championships in 2025. One thing that's been interesting about Gabriel's game, it feels like the last couple years in particular, she's There she goes. Gets the submission right away. 12 seconds into the match. I was just about to say, she's really been focusing on getting finishes in her matches. And there she goes. Gets one in 12 seconds. That was crazy. Nadia Franklin is dangerous, too. Let's not Let's not be mistaken. Nadia Franklin is an amazing competitor. So 12 seconds is unbelievable to see that. Wow. Gabby Passagna moves forward in the open class. Definitely since she's going to have a lot of fights between the weight class and the open class, conserving her energy, so to speak. We're going to head back actually to one of our other mats in just a moment to mat one. [Applause] So Gutenberg Prairie got a win over on mat 12. Tonnie Porfiio also got a win over Yara Suarez. Can't see what mat that was on a looks like it may have been matt. That match is over. And that match with Gutenberg was was close. He won 52, right? Yeah. Yeah. Gar pass right at the end. You know, the crowd went crazy. Yeah, it was great to see. And going back, I know we were talking about earlier with Gabby and Tayani. They both moved forward in their first open class match. No surprise. For those of you guys who haven't been following along, like we mentioned, you know, Tayani was out for a couple years, but before she was out, she was the reigning open class uh world champion and super heavy world champion. And then so Gabby comes in, she's the new, you know, uh new on the scene, but now not so new. It's been a long time. She started winning everything. She's looking for that, you know, grand slam in the open class this year. But the Brazileros, you know, really shook things up for our spectators. Seeing Tayani come out with the win was was huge. So, we'll see if we we're probably going to get two rookie matches if I had to guess with them in this year's World Championships. So, right now we got Salasamola Isidora Silva. Winner of this match moves on to the semifinals to take on Tyani Pfiio. Solo playing with the deliha hook and the lasso on the far side [Applause] maintaining good posture killing that dehiva hook. There's a lot of great action so far here at the 2025 IBJJF World Jiu-Jitsu Championships. We're currently watching the female Black Bell Absolute Division where we've seen some incredible matches from Ty Pfiio, Gabrieli Passagna, Elizabeth Clay. Right now we are in the quarterfinals with Isidora Silva and Solless. No score on the board. Excuse me. One advantage on the board for Isidora Silva about two minutes in. Simola does a great job at offbalancing her opponents. Really is, you know, so often what the guard play is about. You notice she keeps shifting Isidora back and forth and back and forth. And now she actually does tip her over there just for a moment. Not enough to score, but you'll see she uses both of her legs and also the grip on Isidora's right sleeve to tilt her towards her face and then back towards her butt again and back and forth. So, it forces the opponent on top to either post their foot, to post their hand, and to really start to expose themselves in new ways. They can't stay as tight because they're continually being off balanced. Now she has a spider hook here with her left foot. That's going to further aid in keeping Isidora off balance to her left side. So potentially could have to post a leg there or fall down to her left shoulder. [Applause] a strong pant grip those really. Oh, but a knee bar entry potentially here from Solid, but she could use it to sweep as well if she comes up. Really nice job using that thread of the submission to get the sweep, Kendall. Yeah, that was great. And here we are switching over to Matt 11, Marcus Scooby Hero, and Marcos Carlo in a quarterfinal here in the black belt absolute division at the 2025 World. Scooby in a great position trying to turn that leg drag into a back take. Big pressure there from Scooby. Look how tightly he stays attached as well. But they if they go out of bounds here, they're going to reset. Ah, that is the worst. Going out of bounds with like a back take in motion, right? It's going to probably score an advantage and then Oh, excuse me. Yeah, they are calling it a penalty for fleeing and they're going to give two points. So, for those of you guys watching at home who are a little bit newer to the rule set, if they go out of bounds and it's the natural reaction, then they bring back in there's no penalties and they'll give an advantage to the person who had the scoring in motion. If the judges agree, and there's also people watching from the side, that's why the ref puts his hand up to his ear. If they agree from the side that someone was fleeing the mat in the process, then they'll do a two-point score. It looks like they're deliberating here right now as well. So, we'll see the final score in just a moment. Yeah, I think that he was not just checking to see if there was fleeing, but also um to restart in the same position. You know, sometimes with the fling, let's see if he was deliberated or Yeah, there was no way out besides going to the side and that's why there was no fleeing. I think that the the ref at first thought he was fleeing because he was walking outside of the outside of the mats once he was on the back, but you know there was truly no way out. He had to walk that way to get to the side control, right? So it's a tough call. Scooby on a single leg now. Carlos trying to trip him and put him down and hold him down. Circles around to the back. One hook for Marcus Scooby Hero. Carinho has that pank grip on Scooby's right leg. It's going to make it tough to get the second hook. [Applause] Now Carlos able to face Scooby. Scooby lands in a really solid half guard passing position. Scooby is going Pesa mode here, huh? Wow. Look at that beautiful extension with the under hook. He has his right arm all the way deep on the armpit here. You can see his hand grabbing the lato. And it's in this kind of position where yes, he's in half guard, but when he has the knee over the belly all the way to the side of the hip, often times our athletes on top already really start acting as if they are in mount. Now, if someone can get this deep of course on the recovery, then that's a different story. [Music] [Applause] Nice under hook here. Regains that under hook. Scooby is able to keep now pressuring back down. We'll see if he tries to. He has really a couple options from here with this half guard position. He can bring his knee up into a knee cut and go back into side control or he can bring his knee up back over the hip and go to more of a mount. Either way though, it's really keeping that under hook with his left hand that is going to secure the position for him. I don't think he's trying to do neither of those. Maybe now he had his feet locked for a while, you know, preventing maybe a guar recovery, but he wasn't really uh working into passing or mounting so far. Maybe now he's trying. Look at that. He unlocked it and now he's probably going maybe he was working on his grips first with his arms. Well, I was going to say there's something to be said for cooking someone for a little while before rushing, right? So sometimes he may not be looking for the pass, but he's trying to make Carzini more and more miserable. Adjust his grips like you said, make things super super tight because on the first attempt of the pass, Carzini was able to recover. So maybe on the second time he slows down a little bit and you know, make sure everything is perfect before moving forward and also just makes him a little bit more miserable, cooks him a little bit so that by the time he starts to pass there's less resistance being met. No, absolutely. But I just think that when you lock your legs, um, you know, it just says something because the the fact that you're locking your legs, it prevents you also from using that foot from, you know, in case your opponent tries to bridge, you know, you need your legs free. You need movement, you know, because jiu-jitsu, after all, is all about angling, you know, and it cuts a little bit out of your angle if you're trapping your own leg. You're not just trapping his, but you're trapping yours as well, you know. So, I understand the fact that he's trying to get better grips. I just don't know if it's the smartest move. Maybe because he was rushing so much in the beginning and trying to, you know, be a little bit explosive and maybe now that it's 4 minutes, it's like, okay, I'm good with your advantage being here. It's a matter of time to let me wait a little bit. I just don't know if, you know, I I personally wouldn't, you know, but I know that that's what jiu-jitsu is. It's like nutrition. I know there's a lot of diets, but you know, uh, you know, some works for you, some doesn't. You know, for me, I don't prefer this diet that he's using, you know, but I'm sure that could work as well. Yeah. I think one thing I I just noticed as you were saying that is Scooby kind of recrosses and uncrosses his legs periodically. I just saw his foot pop through again. One of the things I that could be happening that I was noticing is he seems to cross his leg when Marcos Carzinho almost looks for like a half butterfly sweep. So maybe he crosses his foot to close the space so that Marcos's right foot cannot go underneath the shin. Actually, I just noticed something. It's not even that. Uh now that I'm looking at the mat, uh it's because Marcus continuously try to get to the deep half. That's why he's locking. when you're trying to get to the deep path, you actually cannot bridge because your hand is in the wrong position. You don't have the angle to bridge. So that's why So now actually makes a lot of sense. So I go back into the nutrition and he's using the right diet plan. Oh, and there's the knee cut and and he's been his patience is paying off, right? His persistence is paying off. Almost pass here. Not quite putting the points on the board, but now has his knee through. Oh, and right back right back in. You see how he's trying to feed the lapel to the hand that to the other hand. Mhm. So he's actually not bothered that that Marcos Venus the Scooby is on top and smashing him because it it as long as he gets that leg, you know, he can maybe move Scooby a little bit towards the shoulder and be able to get rid of those those strong grips, you know. But uh he's not in a good position, my friend. If you stay there, you know, it's just pain. Scooby has that under hook with his left arm. Does that make it much more difficult to get into the deep half for Carzino? Yeah, I think maybe to switch the lapel, it's going to be a little bit hard if Scooby opens up the arm. But regardless, he's just in such a tight position that I think, you know, with or without the under hook. Of course, with the under hook makes it tighter, but uh yeah, look at that. Beautiful. Beautiful. But but Marcos Marcos is actually having really good guard control because keeping Scooby there for a while is not an easy job, right? But back to what you're saying, yeah, for sure the the under hook is preventing him from somewhat from entering the deep half. But I'm sure that in training he does that. He's comfortable doing that and that's why he's trying right now. But that's the thing, you know, um you have people that you train with and even though they are they might be top level, are they top level like Scooby? You know, that's the thing. You sometimes you cannot train, you cannot find bodies that are just like the opponent that you're going to face. You know, Carl did a great job getting back to the close guard and gets away from some of that pressure of Marcus Scooby. That that probably took quite a bit out of him, I'm guessing. Oh, yeah. Amazing. Look at the look at the the back attack now. Really nice transition from K to the back and and and Scoob is already looking for the foot. And I don't even think that he's looking for the foot in a way of submission. You see that he let go now. I think he was more like, "Okay, let me attack you and and maybe you switch and get out of the back, you know, and now with this inversion and going back to 50/50, Marco is actually playing uh um really solid here against Kooby." Yeah, Carlos is nothing if not resilient, right? We've seen him many times beat down points like this and come out with a lot of heart for the win. So, he's definitely possible. He went through a series of attacks there, but now look at the back again from Scooby. and Ezekiel. [Music] Just a reminder to everybody that our free stream on YouTube is going to continue to go for the next 30 minutes. After that, we will be switching over to needing your Flow subscription active to be able to continue the action with us. So, make sure you go get that updated so you don't miss any moment of that for the next 30 minutes. We're still on as planned, but after that, you're going to want to be subscribed here. And right as I say that, I was almost wondering we were going to see a submission finish. It was close there. Was close on that Ezekiel. A really nice defense from Marcos Carzinho. He's gotten out of some precarious position so far in this match. Marcos is hard to kill. You know, I always feel that when I watch when I watch Carino fight, I'm like, man, how do you kill this guy? just oh my gosh super resilient. He's never out. He's never down for the count. He's never one of those athletes that you see just give up positions or just, you know, let the guard get past or, you know, kind of give the submission up or and we and we do see that a lot. People get mentally defeated. It's not going to be this guy. 2.6 advantages for Marcus Scooby Hubo over Marcos Carzinho. About 40 seconds left. This is a quarterfinal in the 2025 IBJF Black Belt Absolute Division. We are here at the Walter Pyramid in Long Beach, California. And like we mentioned, we've had some great matches already, but so much more action to come here from the Black Belts. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Scooby gets the guard pass. Three more points. Now leads by five points and six advantages. And that'll do it. Marcus Scooby Hero is going to advance to the absolute semi-final in the black belt division. He'll take on Gutenberg Pereira. That's going to be an amazing fight that we're all very much looking forward to. [Applause] What are your thoughts on Gutenberg and Scooby coming up in the semi-final? Gutenberg and Scooby are going to be coming up in the semi-final. What do you think about that match? We were talking about it earlier, right? And hard to predict that one. It's going to be explosive, I hope. And I believe, you know, both of these guys move a lot, especially in the beginning. Um, but let's see if someone's going to pull this time, right? I think it's a matter of getting to the ground and when it's in the ground, I think it's going to start moving fast. Believe they're one and one in their last two matches. Scooby got a win over Gutenberg at the 2024 IBJJF Crown. And Gutenberg also has a win over Scooby. So, they've been very close matches. Very much looking forward to this next one coming up. So, Scooby moves on. We're going to take a look at a few submission replays. Gabriel Piston is going to be our first gets an amazing triangle triangle finish. Looked like a no arm triangle with her hand in the collar. Wow. A little bit tough to see from our angle. And here's a submission from Isidora Silva getting the submission over Solless Samoa. She is also going to move on in our absolute division. Now, just a reminder everybody that who's number 128 is coming soon. We've got a main card featuring two elite competitors. Right, you're going to watch the IBJJF Grand Slam winner, Mika Galva, take on who's number one middleweight champion, Jonatus Gracie. You're going to stream it exclusively on Flow Grappling. You guys are not going to want to miss that. There's an insane card even underneath those two champions. So, make sure you guys tune in on June 13th. So, we will return to mat three where we have Elizabeth Clay. She is in a quarterfinal match here in the absolute division at the Worlds. Her opponent is Maria Rafado, I think. I'll go with what you think. You guys correct my accent. I correct yours in Portuguese names. Maria on bottom in the blue ghee. Elizabeth Clay on top trying to pass the guard. This one's all tied up at two points a piece with just about four minutes remaining. [Applause] Liz does such a great job from this passing position on controlling the hips. Maria Rafato is someone to watch out for her knee bars, right? She's a big big knee bar girl, tow hold. She's very strong in those positions. Now, we know Liz Clay is also known for her leg locks as well. But one of the things I think that it tells us is that Liz knows how to control the hips from those positions because she knows what her opponent needs. So she keeps her hand locked into the pants to kind of keep the hips elevated where and when necessary. Now we did see some sweep exchanges there, right? Mod was able to come up on top. Answered quickly by Liz. So these guys are even at four and four. Oh. Oh no, no, no. It's her own lapel. It's her own lapel. So we're going to have some amazing semifinals in the female black belt absolute division. We got Tyani Pfiio. We're gonna She's going to take on Isidor Silva. Winner of this match takes on Gabriel Pagna. Some really, really fun exciting match ups coming up. Up top. Maria comes up. Gets the sweep. It's going to take a two-point lead on Elizabeth Clay, who looks like she may be working on a knee bar. We got to come up to our left, Maria. Whatever she's working on, she better get on top cuz there's two minutes left now. And she got on top. That's it. Whoever wins gets Gabby. Huh? Whoever wins is in for a battle. I'd be really excited to see uh Loose Clay and Gabby. Maria Rafado, you know, she and I were both in the same division. We had a match together at ADCC in NOI, but I've never seen her against Gabby in the ghee. And Gabby was of course more of a GE fighter up until the Nogi world. She came in and had her Nogi debut. So, it's an interesting cross. I think we're going to see those two ladies fight multiple times throughout the years, but we haven't seen it yet. I don't think, Danny, I don't believe so. We have seen is Gabriel Pan spend about 30 seconds on the mat today. I know. I think it was less. Yeah. Yeah. Probably less. Got one submission in 12 seconds. We didn't see the full match of her triangle submission, but didn't seem like she was on the mat for very long. Yeah. So that's the thing, you know, you you were expecting to see Elizabeth, Clay, and Gabby, but are you really going to see it? You know, going to have to not blink. It's funny you say that because Liz is the same way often times, right? We like can't even commentate by the time we get to her match because she's so quick. So that's usually in the nogi match, right? I think the the the problem with the grips for her is that um it keeps her pace it slows down her pace, you know, and her attacks on the legs. Um here we go. Another another knee bar attempt there from Maria, but actually lands her in close guard. Starts to open up the lapels here now. Let's see if she's going to go for a strong crossstroke here with the lapel. She's going to be looking for the advantage for sure because that will push her slightly over the top if she's able to score that here because they're 66 and there's only 30 seconds remaining. And this could go to anyone, literally anyone. I think it's smart here for Maria to really fire off another submission attack and really put that emphasis on the end of the mat as she's the one attacking the submissions here. Mhm. Otherwise, Liz, if she were to stand up maybe and open the guard, but with 12 seconds left in a 66 match, you've got to, you know, really put some emphasis there in the last couple of seconds. Yeah. Yeah. Take your last opportunity to try to score or at least be the aggressor in the judge's eyes. Right. That That was nice of Liz that that she didn't stop moving. Yeah, she was definitely Yeah. trying to come up and pass, right? Yeah. Yeah. It's sometimes hard to do when you have someone in that cross collar choke position because even if you are trying to posture up it's like you know you can't move or you're being stuck down. So the second she was able to breathe she did pop up and try to prop her knee in between and no in 30 seconds you know you make a slight mistake and it's not that your opponent will score an advantage but but it can score it can't score in the eyes of the referee right since it's at the end. We get to see Elizabeth Clay Gabriel Pagna. She gets the win by decision. Take a quick look at a replay from the match. I believe this is the very end of it where Elizabeth Clay opens the guard, has the grip to potentially go for a tow hold, but time ran out, gets the decision win, and she gets Gabriel Pagna. Now, before we do see Gabby Pagna and Liz Clay, we're going to head over to mat one because we're going to see the tail end of this male quarterfinals match. Let's see who's going to face Eric Munice. [Applause] Oh, here we go. We don't have the score in front of us, but the time just ran out, I believe. So, let's see, Kyle. [Applause] All right, guys. We are going to be taking a quick break here. Just a reminder before we go, there are about 15 minutes left for our free stream here on Flow Grappling for the IBJF World Championships. in about 15 minutes. You're going to want to make sure that that flow subscription is updated so that you can catch all the action and stay with us for the rest of the day as we go into the semi-finals of the open class. Set up those finals for later tomorrow and hop into the male and female regular weight divisions. This is Kendall Rousing and Kyotra joined by Daniel O'Donnell and we will be back with you shortly. Luis Fernando Tuk [Applause] Sh. [Music] Hey. Hey. [Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] Hey, [Music] Hey, [Music] hey, hey. [Music] Sh. [Music] Hey. Hey. [Music] Hey, [Music] Hey, [Music] hey, hey. [Music] Hey, [Music] hey, hey. [Music] Sh. [Music] Sh. [Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] Super [Music] heat. [Music] Hey, hey, [Music] hey. [Music] Sh. [Music] Sh. [Music] Hey. Hey. [Music] Hey, [Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] Hey [Music] Heat. Heat. N. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] Yeah, [Music] And we are back. Galvon coaching his guys, coaching team Atus right there. We're going to we're going to go back into the semifinals. Tioni already on the back. The match barely started. Tayion showing that those four years off maybe just gave her a little bit more motivation. very high paced against Isadora who is who has been in the last few years very active getting to the finals of the the the the main events here at IBJJF. [Applause] Tion is securing a a tight position before actually scoring because I believe that she's looking into the submission. Now she's getting into the mount scoring the points. [Applause] Oh man, 70 lead this quickly. Kyo is a big ass to try to come back from right. I don't think anyone's surprised with Tayani being so dominant coming in. Isidora super tough competitor. Love to watch her. But man, Tyani is uh I think you know she's a multipletime world champion and open class champion, but it's been a lot of years since she's been able to do that. And I think that we are on a new level. New level. Really new level because she just got a onehand cross choke. One hand cross choke. Unreal. Against such a tough opponent. That's crazy. She is I think this is probably the best Tayani Poria we've ever seen. She is on a new level coming into this world championship. Yeah, I was saying like I think she those four years is just got her more motivated, you know, like look at that. She's crying because she's in the finals of the absolute after so long. Mhm. Wow. was almost like a bread slicer kind of motion where the forearm goes across the neck, right? Yeah. What she's doing right now. Yeah. Yeah. It was not even a choke. It was It was over the face. It was more like a neck ring than anything. Anything below the eyes is neck, Kyle. Okay. Now, we only have one other semifinal match here before we take uh a look at the regular weight classes. Of course, we've got the other side of the women's division. Gabby Pisagna is going to come up against Elizabeth Clay. [Applause] [Music] So, this is the match that you want to watch, right? You wanted to watch this one. They made it happen. So, I know. I'm very I think the reason I'm interested in this match is because it's a fascinating setup to me. I agree with what you said, though. I think no ghee this match is very different because that's where Elizabeth Clay is known for her lightning fast emissions, but she's very dominant in the ghee as well, just in a different way, a different style. There's a huge weight discrepancy here, but Liz is known for doing well in the open class over the years. But that's a big ask against someone like Ali Paso. So, wait, wait, wait. 12 again. It was 12. They just didn't stop the the time, you know. 13, I think, right? 947. I I would say 12. I think they stopped the time a second late. Someone has got to do I swear someone has got to do a specific study on Gabby Passagna's ankle locks because I don't know how it is that she puts so many people in this position and goes like she's going to break their foot. Elizabeth Clay limping off the mat. We see this over and over and it's without the foot on the outside of the hip for the pressure. It's just the inside right leg. It it was it was barely inside, you know, so it still attacked the knee. It's fully legal, completely legal, but it's it's the perfect angle, you know. She got into the perfect angle where it has the the foot. It has the knee, you know, you can Let's see where they're going to You see how Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You see the hands were at the knee also in the foot. I think she tapped early, too. So, I don't think it's going to be a major thing. And she I think she's still going to be able to to get through her division. [Applause] All right, guys. And as we move forward into the tournament, it's uh my time to remind you that we are about to move into the males semifinals. You will have to have your flow subscription to be able to watch them because we're going to shift over now. So, if you have not done that yet, our free stream is ending. Go ahead and do your flow subscription. That way, you can join us for these two male semifinals of the open class. Really, really excited to jump into these. And congratulations again of course to Gabby and Tayani who just punched their ticket into the final. We're going to get a rematch of the Brazil's open in Super Heavy. I'm super excited about that. And now we have Gutenberg and Scooby. Uh where's my buddy Danny? Cuz we before the the event we're talking about it like we're going to we're saying like who's going to go to the finals with Eric? you know, we knew Eric was going to be in the finals no matter who was in this tournament. And in the semi-finals, we had Gutenberg and and um and Scooby, and we didn't we didn't really know who was going to make it to the finals. We just thought that those two were going to be in the semis. And uh it's just interesting because, you know, both of these guys again have great guards. You know, they have great top game. It's unpredictable what's going to happen and who is going to win and whether one of these pool guard it's still unknown who is going to win. So it it's going to I believe that if I had to bet in this match I would be for a safe bet I would bet that this match goes 10 minutes long. The winner I cannot I cannot determinate. You're going to face again. Are you excited for this match? It's a big match right now. As we are waiting for these guys to get started, I want to direct you guys to the screen. We've got the IBJJF adult black bell male rankings. This is the pound-for-pound ranking. So, pound-for-pound, we've got Eric Munice coming in at that top spot, Marcus Himebero, Adam Wardinski, Diego Pau representing the small guys on there. Oh, yeah. and tiny and dulpa, especially because it's a pound-for-pound Diego. Diego is relevant there. And we're also going to take a look at the women's pound-for-pound, which we're not going to be surprised to see Gabby Pasani on top there. And in the number one spot, we've got Melissa Stricker. We got Amanda Olivera, Larissa Diaz, and Misa Bastos. And lastly, I'm going to show you guys the academy rankings. So, in IBJGF here, starting from the bottom to the top, we've got AOJ coming in at that fifth spot. GF Team, Alliance, Checkmat, and Gracie Baja here as the number one academy ranking for this season from IBJGF. We will later on have the awards ceremony, so you guys will be able to see it broken down by division as well. That'll be coming around 12:00, I believe, right? about an hour or so after these uh semi-finals matches happen and of course the weight class matches get started. I think they're going to run the award ceremony a little bit early now. Maybe before the weight classes start. Yeah, because because the tournament ran so smooth. So I believe they're going to be able to do that a little bit earlier. Big big crowds here. I think this is for one of the the colored belt matches. Hard to see from where we are. [Applause] We're just going to take a quick break here as this last colored bell match winds down before we get into.