Kind: captions Language: en All right. What's up, boys? We're going live today for the IBJJF European Championship. It's going down in Lisbon, Portugal right now. Um, if you guys are joining in the chat and everything, let me know if you can hear me. All right. I was having some technical difficulties this morning. All right. I was trying to get it fired up. Couldn't get it fired up. Finally got it. But we got Kona in the room with us. She's going to be chilling, watching some uh Euros action Can you hear me now? Let's go. All right, there we go. So, now we know if this goes red, that means it's not working. Also, that was perfect timing for you to tell me that it was working and then it to immediately stop working. But what I was saying was that the the tournament starts like at 3:00 a.m. probably local time for me and I don't wake up that early. So, we got about like an hour left of of, you know, action to watch. So, I'm going to jump right into it. We got to jump right into these blue belt uh these blue belt scraps. Jordan in the chat, he's a he's a BBC, a blue belt champion. So, a lot of these people out here today and Euros, they're going to be trying to, you know, become BBC's as well. But if you guys got somebody you want to watch, if you got some specific Matt, anything like that, you let me know. All right? You just shout it out. We'll throw it up there. We'll see what's going on. on. Should we go quad box? You boys feeling a quad box early, huh? You You think uh you think we can just kick things off with the quad box or what? Don't [snorts] be scared of the quad box. Let's see what we got here, though. Anything good? Anybody been uh checking? I think the I think the female absolute should be going. I might try to uh to see what mat that's on. We watch some some female absolute as well. But let's just load up the quad box to get it going first, you know? Just get that quad box loaded. Start watching some action. Then we can figure it out as we go because it's it's all blue belt today. All right. Boom. I'mma do this right here. Boom. Boom. Boom. Make me a little smaller. Put me in the middle. And now we're cruising, baby. Now we cruising, boys. So, [snorts] what we got going on? [clears throat] [snorts] This dude, this dude top left, that referee. I don't know if you guys saw him. I'm pretty sure that guy just like won like Masters 2 and then retired. What do you What do you guys think about somebody going out and retiring from like Masters 2 at an event? What are your thoughts on that? I'm a little iffy on it to be honest. You know, I think in jiu-jitsu we're getting a little crazy with the retirements. I got to admit, you know, we're getting a little crazy with the retirements. It's like everyone's retiring multiple times from different events, you know, and retiring from this and that and then they're still competing this, but it's like I don't know if you need to retire from Masters, too. just like keep doing jiu-jitsu or don't like you know like uh you don't got to like retire from masters too. probably shouldn't honestly put yourself in that box because like what if you do want to keep competing you know just for fun like so I don't know it's a little weird in my yeah one I saw a dude they like IBJ Jefff posted it he retired from he was like a Masters 2 guy he won Masters 2 at IBJF Euros and then retired left his belt on the mat like black belt masters 2 and like I don't know didn't really make sense meaton would never dude that's a great point Jordan Megaton would never this dude man After after all these matches are done today, we might have to go back and watch all the Megaton matches cuz this dude had three matches, three subs, 58 years old going flying to Lisbon from Phoenix, Arizona, going out and submitting three dudes. Like that is so nuts, dude. Megaton is like one in a once in a-lifetime type of person. That's unbelievable that he uh is still just doing this, you know? And we were kind of talking about this on our podcast yesterday. Like it's it's funny to think about like the other Master 7 dudes out there who are just like their life goal is to smash Megaton. Like they're like training every day and they have like a picture of Megaton on the wall that they're looking at getting moted motivated and like getting amped up to like their their goal is ultimately to smash Megaton. Like that's that's such a sick like thought. These 58 year olds just trying to scrap it out with each other. [snorts] No, he will definitely not be needing Life Alert. If Megaton Megaton would He's the meme where it's like, you know, help call an amu ambulance but not for me. You know, that's Megaton. He would never need Life Alert. He would just have to call for somebody else. All right, let's see what we got going up here. Look at this. Look at top left. Look at the dude top left here. I'll move so you guys can see his name real quick. T Hogf Fag. Sick name. Sick name. T Hogf Fag. Let's hope he wins. [snorts] Don't clip that. Also, you guys see Kona in the background just giving you guys the freaking staredown right now. Dude, she's postured up on you guys. You guys better act correct. Hey, no silly goose timing on this one. All right, Kona's Kona's eyeballing you guys. She's mad I didn't take her to the dog park this morning. She like woke up all all pissed. But, you know, sometimes you got to put some work in. Let me try and figure out uh where the female open class is happening because I'd like to watch that. In theory, we could like watch the entire female open class. I think Officer Juice says, "Jesus loves you." Thanks. Thanks, Officer Juice. Appreciate that, my guy. Shout out to big man. It's lonely at the top. You know what I'm saying? All right, we got female open class on mat three. And mat two. Matt two and three. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. So, we got one, six, three. Let's make this one two. [snorts] [gasps] All right. [clears throat] I had some teammates go out uh compete Euros this year. I think one of them was a blue belt female named Riley. Let me try and look her up and see. Oops. Sorry about that. See how she did. But what you what y'all boys been getting into, huh? I I see there's about 40 of you in the chat, you know. Start firing off some of them chats. Let me know. I like to I like to get acquainted with everybody, you know. Let me know where you're from. Let me know where you're at right now. Let me know what uh what you were doing. Oh, Jonathan Jonathan Anderson's up. Is he going adult? Let me know what y'all boys did over the over the holidays. You know, what you're getting into in 2026, what your biggest goals are, all that stuff. There you go. This is Matt N right here. [snorts] I didn't realize Jonathan Anderson is a of the age to do adult. Is he like 18 now? Says he's up in a couple matches, but he's still waiting on somebody in his uh for his next match. So, some they have to It's the It's going to be the final, huh? All right, let's go. We're catching the the final of Jonathan Anderson here in a little bit of Matt N. That'll be sick. Jonathan Anderson, I believe, is one of the best young representatives for America in the ghee. One of the best young Americans out there currently, uh, you know, killing it in the ghee. I think a lot of Americans have kind of skewed towards no at this point, but he's kind of holding it down for the ghee. You guys, you guys come in here. Camil, Camila PP2196 and Chris show up at Herroso. You guys come in here and you just start demanding mats. You don't say hi. You don't you don't say where you're from. You don't say nothing. You don't say nothing cordial and you guys just start demanding mats. Huh. All right. All right. Well, you know what? S's going to be back around here soon enough and he'll remember that. So, be able to answer to the big guy. [snorts] [clears throat] It's okay. Sorry. Key, hit me with the Brazilian laugh, huh? So, it should be in top left. It should be this one. And then, uh, Jonathan, I'm going to switch this to Matt 10 real quick for my guy here. There [snorts] we go. Shout out to Brazil. Vamola Kashada Vamula Viva Brazil. You guys ever competed at Euros? If you're in the chat right now, let me know. No problem. You're the man. Appreciate it. Jad, hello from the Mississippi G Coast. Shout out Baker. What's up, baby? What's the What's the Mississippi G Coast like this time of year? Huh? [clears throat and cough] What happened up here in the top right? Somebody die? We are doing it, brother. We're doing it. Let's do it. Yo, Chris showed is is the top right one of those is was one of those your friends pest. Are we doing it? Are we doing what? Are we are we locking in? I don't know, bro. Imagine if we locked in in 2026. So, I mean, just imagine that for a second. Imagine we quit messing around and we lock in in 2026. I think Matt 3's up. This is Matt 3 right here. Bottom left. Katy Vans. Katy Vans like life. Good show. Your friend won or lost? Ah, he lost unfortunately. That's him still on the ground. Hopefully he's all right. That was a brutal one. Kind of cold today, but short weather most of the time. All right, nice. Dang. 13 seconds. No problem, Baker. Yeah, I don't know how long we'll go live today. Probably for a little while. At least until maybe until all these matches finish. But uh but we'll see. Yep. Just imagine. Yo, Pest, imagine if we locked in in 2026, dude. That's I'm just saying, you know, Dutch guy armed by the Brazilian. Let's go Netherlands. Shout out the Netherlands. Shout out the Netherlands. &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; Lock it in, dude. Just lock in. Emit the otter. All right, here we go. Bottom left, we should have some female absolute um action going down. We got Sala, Emma, Erica, Simon versus Hermione, Willow Medina. Cool names. All seven of those names are cool. This is fire. Thank you, Eric Leovc. Haha. Hi, Emit the Otter. Oh, [snorts] [clears throat] dang, dude. Was that Hermione just got that little that cheeky little arm bar? Let's go. Let's watch this one back. That was kind of a weird just like just like scooting around and then just immediately kind of Just kind of giving the arm bar [laughter] a little bit interesting. Oh, boom. Nice finish. Nice finish there. [clears throat] Another arm bar up top. That was a sick one. Let's run this one back. This is honestly this is one of my favorite arm bars. You know, my my mount control just isn't there. It's just not where I want it to be. I'll be honest, you know. And so you got to have this cheeky little arm bar here whenever they start bucking you just straight off of it. Kind of like from mounted turtle to armbar. That is a sick one. Zack official. Gohogs. Nice hat. Let's go. Go Hogs. Woo pig. Matt 7 Magini Sedan Naib W5V3W. You ain't You ain't saying hi. You ain't saying what's up. You ain't saying nothing. Just demanding maths, dude. Where's the manners? Huh? Where's the manners? What mask do we currently have? So, we're waiting on Old Johnny boy. John Anderson to come up here on mat nine. Looks like he's coming up. Matt 10 is right here. Three and two. These is this is where a female absolute supposed to be. I'll switch this one to mat seven. But there better be good action. And I'm not messing around about that, dude. If I switch this to mat 7 and it's lame, it's just an empty mat. I'm putting it on mat six cuz at least there's something on the mat. We'll come back. Maybe we'll switch it to Matt Seven later. That's okay. Say, you don't got to be sorry, bro. That's okay. [laughter] I appreciate y, bro. Love you. All right. No problem. That's That's kind of That's what I like to hear. I'll switch it to Let me know whenever they're actually going on Matt 7 and I'll put it up. But right now, it's just empty. Reverse close guard. Sound the alarms. We got a reverse close guard alert. Reverse close guard alert. Reverse close guard alert. Should I get make some sick graphics where if someone puts in uh puts someone in reverse close guard, just all these alarms and stuff go off. JD Salazar, I love this channel so much. Love from San Antonio, Texas. Thank you, JD. Appreciate it, bro. Couldn't do it without people watching and supporting. So, we appreciate the love from San Antonio. We're just here in Austin. All of the flow grappling guys live in Austin, so not that far away. Um, last year for Road to Worlds, we uh drove down to Rodrigo Pinero and filmed a Road to Worlds episode there in San Antonio with Hibomar and the crew. So big fans of San Antonio, man. That boy wrapped up in that in that closard, huh? That boy just wrapped up just folded over himself. Sheesh. All right, here we go. Top left, Johnny Anderson. One of the best young representatives of America in the ghee today. Super exciting dude. He's got nasty tero platas, nasty bar platas, but he's just all around a really good grappler. Um, this this kid he's fighting, Paulo Levi Rodriguez Fanaeka. Looks kind of familiar. He's a checkmat guy. I don't know if is that right? Yeah, he's got the checkmat logo on there. So this kid could be really tough, too. I'm not as hip to him, but I do know Johnny. Big fan of Johnny. Keep Austin weird. That's right. He pretzled. I'm from France. Nantes. Sick. Hi. Can you show up the blue belt? You You have to tell me like what Matt and stuff if you want me to show it. I don't I don't know for sure who we is or anything. Could you check Matt Four fights, please? Want to check a friend who already fought? Well, if you already fought, then just go to like the brackets or something. [sighs] Emit the Otter from Massachusetts. Sick. You guys want a little uh You guys want a little mad audio? Let me know how loud that is for you. Can you guys hear the mad audio now or not? It's hard for me to tell in my because it sounds really loud in my headphones, but I don't know if it's coming across loud for you guys or not. I want that dog. You can't have that dog. Hey, Kona. What's up, baby? What's up? Kona's on watch. She's She's holding it down while I'm doing this, making sure nobody sneaks in. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Somebody might let me know if that if the audio is good on the mat, though. Rob Lori at 12. What's up, my guys? Just stopping in quick ride on on quick while on break. How the match has been? It's been pretty good. We just been chilling. We got Johnny Anderson going right now. What you on break from? What kind of work you doing, Rob? Some some bluecollar shit. That's the That's what the Alley Cats Anonymous is all about, you know? Just some bluecollar boys holding it down, working hard, playing hard, doing some jiujitsu all the time. That's what it's all about. You know what I'm saying? Rob, what you out there doing? You out there bending rebar and whatnot. Good, but sound is very soft. I don't want it to be too overpowering. Construction. I knew it, Rob. I knew it, baby. That's what I'm talking about. Just freaking making it happen. Hard working. Just just, you know, hard hat and lunch pale type of work. Just every day. That's how we do it. Do fighters have to be shirtless beneath the kimono? Yes, they do. They do have to be shirtless beneath the kimono. You're welcome, Bruce Wayne. You're welcome, Bruce Wayne. And as uh you know, I kind of gave did you a favor there by answering that. So if if I'm ever in a time of need of a vigilante, I'm going to need you to step up and have my back. So Johnny Anderson been just kind of working this uh this little longesque pass for a while now. [cheering] Do you think the guy who double golded in Masters One Black Belt could compete as adult? I mean, yeah, for sure he could compete as adult. I don't know. Like it depends on who it is. Like if it's uh &gt;&gt; like I don't know what Foriga is competing these days. I don't know if he's just Masters one or Masters 2, but like yeah, For Migga could go out there and compete with black belts. Adam Worzinski is Masters One. So it's like he's he's not doing this event. He's retired now, but like he was a Masters One eligible guy both times. Uh he won the World Championship. So he like won worlds at like 34 years old. So he's been masters eligible. So definitely Masters won black belts can can compete at the adult level for sure. There's a lot that that do like Babato's master one eligible. He won Masters Worlds and the World Championship same year I believe at adult. So people do it. Hi, I'm Brazilian. I want to see the result of my friend's fight. His name is Wim Mororrow GBD Olivea. Can you see it for me? I'll try to look it up here in a little bit. [cheering] I'm talking about Uklites, the guy who won double gold at this Euros. I'm not I'm not super hip to him. Um I can look him up though. Maybe after some of these matches end we can we can look it up and see. [cheering] Hold on one second. [cheering] Con was crying. and she couldn't get her toy. [applause] Jesus Jesus. That's beautiful. Jonathan beat me second fight. Of course, I get the champion on my second round. Salvador, you just competed in this event. He just beat you in this event. &gt;&gt; Hey, cut it out. [cheering] &gt;&gt; Stop it. Look at this. &gt;&gt; Con is throwing a fit right now. [cheering] Salvador, you were at this exact. Okay, he's been going pretty viral. Paul just did a real and his crazy back tag. Worth taking a look. I'll check it out. I don't understand English. I'm just Did you see what the result was? It's positive. Give it a thumbs up. If it's negative, point it down. Oh my gosh. Yep. Damn, Salvador. Well, that's sick, bro. You know, that's that's dope that you got out there and competed. Shout out you. You know, it's hard to go out there and compete. And uh, of course, you know, it's tough when you end up getting the champ. Jonathan Anderson's very good, but all respect to you, Salvador, for going out there, putting on the line, competing at the European Championship. So, everybody give it up. Give it up for Salvador. [applause] Give it up in the chat for Salvador going out there competing. That's what we're talking about. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's really good at teroplatus. I should have warned you. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. That might be on me. I should have warned you. He's really good at teroplatus. You know it. Swinging hammering and shoving all day, but always thinking about the passer sweep I got last night or got done to me. That's right, Rob. That's how it is. And hey, them boys, them boys on the job site, they got no idea that if it came down to it, you might have to smack them around a little bit. You know what I'm saying? Just work them a little bit. Them boys think they're tough, huh? They don't They don't know. They don't know that Big Robs could just freaking tie them up in a pretzel. Make them say mercy. All right, Minota 7. I'm going to look up Waqin Mora GBD alea. [cheering] We got some Give your emptiness to Jesus before it is filled with other things that will lead you to death. Thanks. Thanks for that. Sorry, I'm trying to I'm trying to memorize this freaking eight name long Brazilian name to look up if they won or not for Mentox 7. Wa wee Mora GB D Olivera. All right. See what we can do here. See what we can do here. [cheering] Adult mail middle. We're closing in on this. He's adult male middle. Pull up the brackets. The all blue middle. [cheering] Oh, I don't know why I'm the guy who's got to look up people's friends results, but I guess I'll do it for the people. Ween Uh, how do you say win? Vincy Wen Vincy un lucha e uh I say lost one vincy unlucha e lost unlucha how's that. [laughter] That's okay. You don't got to be sorry. Why black ghee versus white ghee? Perdeo. I thought Perdeo. Are you sure? Pero is You guys are Don't get Don't make me say no bad words. Don't make me say no bad words. All right. So, I'm trusting you guys. Uh Vinclucha the Scoopy the Scoop Baines para Baines. What's up Marilla? You were hiding in there. Same. Same. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's the adult division. It's all This is all blue belt adult today. Yeah, he's a doll or &gt;&gt; What's up? What's up, Jo Ericson? [cheering] &gt;&gt; Mic check. Still working. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Oh, whoa. Oh, oh, oh. All right. What we watching, boys? We got the female absolute bottom right. What's going on up here? The male absolute I don't think will be today because I don't think all of the blue belt divisions are going. I think some of them go like tomorrow. Go Matt 7 Day. Is it going to be sick? Is it going to be sick? The right stuff. That's right. If I go to matt 7, is it going to be sick? Tell me one thing right now. If I go to match seven, is it going to be sick? &gt;&gt; Yeah, we won one and lost one. What's So why is everybody asking about? [cheering] All right, I'll go to mat seven, but it better be sick. [cheering] What the heck? Matt 7 doesn't even exist anymore. 68. It skips it. Yeah, I can broadcast Mwan. &gt;&gt; There you go. There you go. Where's [laughter] All right. All right. All right. Jonji Wen. [laughter] [cheering] We got a scrappy poo top right. Is this scrappy poo alert? &gt;&gt; Matt one's up, isn't it? Didn't I just put it up? &gt;&gt; Yeah, Matt one's bottom left. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Matt one's bottom left. &gt;&gt; I think we got a scrappy poo alert top right if I'm not mistaken. Sound the alarms. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Look at this guy. David say David des Cruz. Oh, that's the dude you were saying. That's him. He's up there. He looks like Look at him. He's chomping at the bit. Oh my gosh. This guy's looking like a madman. Top right. Just rocking back and forth, ready to roll. [cheering] Hakee is checkmate. Poha. Oh. Oh, he's just gonna I bet he's just going to start snapping him down like a mad man. Everybody lock in on top right. Vamos Davi. Everybody lock in top right and give a vamos Davi in the chat. [cheering] Whether you're English speaking, Brazil, Portuguese speaking, Spanish speaking, doesn't matter. Drop a vamos Davi and let's see if our boy Davi can get it done. He's down five. About one minute left and he's got to make it happen. David checkmat bane. Daviy's check too. [cheering] Betto Ramos's best professor. Famos Davi. Famos Davi. That's what I'm talking about. Come on. He's got 30 seconds to come back. Go ahead and submit him here, Dobby. Stop playing around. Matt one is bottom left. [cheering] You want Matt one and Matt two? Now you're getting greedy. Also, I think Matt 2 is bottom right. Both those mats are up there. Scene seen e disqualified. [cheering] Dang Dobby. I think Dobby lost. [cheering] Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. I saw I saw Borro. the uh the photographer in the background. Shout out Borro. He's the man. [cheering] Whoa. Whoa. Oh. Oh. Oh, tresmada jada grandes luchasada. Let me uh let me post this on the flow grappling story real quick. See if we can load this thing up. You know what I'm saying? Matt 2 is on there. This is Matt two. This is Matt 2 right here. Elano, this is Matt 2. No problem. Joe Exon, love you too, bro. Love you too. Via Diego train. Any alleys and nan in the house? What's up, Sam? What up, Sam? Look. Hey, I'm gonna hit you with the drive by hello. [cheering] What up, Sam? Let me try again. What [clears throat] up, Sam? Sam, that's a drive by hello. Flo the best. Appreciate it. Great broadcast of the fights. You're amazing. Come to Brazil and fight with us. I'm in, dude. I'm coming to Brazil for uh ADCC trials. So I'll be there. I'll be in Sa Paulo and I will be in or no no not S Paulo. I'll be in Rio de Janeiro and then S Paulo. Yeah. What's up bro? Kona is Listen, I'll admit it. Con is not having fun with this broadcast. She is upset that I'm doing this and not playing with her. &gt;&gt; Go get it. Euros always brings [cheering] &gt;&gt; [cheering] [cheering] &gt;&gt; Can you hear me now? &gt;&gt; All right, there we go. Some technical difficulties right there. [snorts] You ready for that central Texas freeze this weekend? I mean, dude, freaking the weather here's been nuts. It's just been like hot, cold, hot, cold, hot, cold. Um, my heat doesn't work right now in my apartment, to be honest. So, I should probably get that fixed before there's a freeze. Cuz right now, I'm just rocking two tank tops. You know what I'm saying? Trying to warm up with two tank tops. Do you practice jiu-jitsu? Yeah, I practice jiu-jitsu every day. You know what I'm saying? F Mike, lol. Yeah, that was a that [laughter] I just went to war with that mic for a little bit. Oh, &gt;&gt; we got a bunch of empty mats. Headed south for tournament in the valley in South Texas. Staying away from it. Nice. Where where you doing a tournament at? What tournament? Should I come do it? Should I show up in freaking Smash? &gt;&gt; I don't know why the mic was cutting off like that. That's liable to make me mad, dude. Is it my my mic starts acting up like that, dude? It's liable to make me mad. I am a purple belt. I You want me to get my actual belt? I'll show you my actual bell. Be right back. I didn't Hey, down. Good girl. There you go. [cough and clears throat] What were you guys doing while I was gone? Huh? Were you guys acting up, Jack? What were you guys doing while I was gone? Cuz I got people in here who will tell me. I got I got freaking shooters in the chat. I got spies in here that'll tell me if anybody was acting up. And I know. Hey, I ain't seen Metagamer yet in the chat. I know he'd be acting up if I left. So, sup JV, do you practice jiujitsu? Yeah, I already read that. Your belt purple. I got it right here. I'm about to show you in Edinburg. Sub the ops. Come through. They have two male 1K absolute brackets. That's pretty sick. Bora. So, did you jump the warm-up right? I always skip the warm-ups. I'm actually trying to not skip the warm-ups as much. I I've been showing up pretty late and I'm trying to stop doing that. But this is my belt right here. This is my belt. And as you boys can see, I've done jiu-jitsu for like eight or nine years. Eight years, I think. As you boys can see, I done took a cheese grater to that thing. You know what I'm saying? That's the ultimate way to make people think you're better at jiu-jitsu than you are. Just cheese grate your belt. Just take a cheese grater and just and then whenever then when you roll with people, they'll be like, "Oh, wow. That thing's looking pretty worn." Little do they know, we've been cheese grating the shit out of our belts. You know what I'm saying? That's winning the round before the round even starts. You don't got to win the role. You gota you got to convince people you won the role. That's more important than winning the role, you know. So So yeah, I highly recommend start cheese grading your belts. Look like you're better at jiu-jitsu than you are. &gt;&gt; Let's test this belt at the European Championship next year. All right, let's do it. when you stop jumping the warm with a brown belt coming. Nice, dude. You're honestly probably right. Like, if I wasn't if I wasn't showing up late to class, probably would be a brown belt. But, you know, I've been showing up late. &gt;&gt; I've been showing up late and I I do got to stop that. And, you know, that's been one of my resolutions to stop showing up so late. Show up on time. You know, get my drilling in, get my ecological games in, do all that. I want all that smoke. Did he? Time ran out. &gt;&gt; I don't know how many more matches we got. We might be kind of coming to the end here. &gt;&gt; Let's see where's some action going on. &gt;&gt; You know, some things just fit better when they're an ad &gt;&gt; like your link. All right. All right. So, female absolute still going on. Let me let me check uh comp system and see where they're at with that. Let me see. Let me see. Yeah, there's not a lot of matches left. We should be This isn't making sense. Is this the final up here on map five? Oh, no. No. They're they're behind on one side. This is a quarterfinal. What you guys New Year's resolutions, huh? Get better at jiu-jitsu. Stop getting submitted all the time. Cuz it should be. Haha. I'm just kidding. We got a little bit of a scrappy poo down here. Bottom left. Little scrappy poo alert. Oh, that was sick. That was sick. I can get behind that. That was cool. Respect. This is a This is like an interesting body type uh face off. Bottom left, we got like a a shorter stockier guy versus like a taller lankier guy. My friend Ricky Marte is going to be fight Matt one and I believe he's going to become champion because he's winning everything. Okay. He's up right now. &gt;&gt; He's in the rooster final, huh? &gt;&gt; So, he'll be down here after this match. [cheering] Is this Is this dude going to close up a rear triangle? No. Never mind. Sorry. Sorry I brought it up. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Got a mirror potential mirror lock top right. &gt;&gt; [screaming] [cheering] &gt;&gt; up. Good. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Whoa. Whoa. What's up? What's up? [cheering] [cheering] &gt;&gt; Let's go, Ricky. &gt;&gt; [snorts] [clears throat] [cheering] &gt;&gt; Oh man, big taked down bottom left. Sorry I was distracted for a little bit. Sorry. Sorry about that. Sorry I was distracted for a little bit. I'm back. My apologies. What's been going on? What did I miss while I was gone? And by gone, I just mean not paying attention. Are we all getting behind Ricky for this final coming up? I think we should all ride with Ricky. Le, dude, drop it in the chat. Ride with Ricky. That's what we're doing. We're riding with Ricky. Let's ride with Ricky. Let's ride Kuna Musica in Brazilo. This girl going to get the arm bar here. Top right. Oh, time's running out. She should get the advantage for it though, right? That'll give her the win. [snorts] Riding with Ricky. Let's ride. [groaning] Let's ride with Ricky. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; I'm I'm I kind of like this match down here. This is a scrappy poo bottom left. I like this basil gene su far guy. He's kind of fun, but this other dude uh hang is also kind of sick. Dude's lowkey scrapping him if you guys haven't paying attention. Bottom left. King. We just got King going out there. Where you guys think Basil Gene Su Faravel is from? You think he's like French or something? Sick match. Sick match from the boys. 17 seconds left. Wind's gotta, you know, gotta hit something crazy here if he wants to win. He's French. He's a Frenchman, huh? Representing Z Team Paris. Okay. I trained in Paris one time. I trained at uh MK Team with Rita Mebtous and Alex. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Nice job, Bazil Jean. 92nd district. Paris is cool. I'm a big fan of Paris, to be honest. Look, we got match inception going on on the left side. You can see Basil Gene in the top left in the background and then you can see him bottom left as as well. What's going on on Matt 2? Why is it so cool? Why is Matt 2 so cool? All right, I'm switching mat n to mat two. Why is mat two so cool? It better be sick. &gt;&gt; Matt 2 better be sick. And it's an empty mat. Went to mat two. It's an empty mat. And now what? And now what do we do? &gt;&gt; Great. And Matt 6 is an empty mat as well. What's up with these recommendations, guys? We're trying to lock in on uh on empty mats. That's not what we're doing it for. There's a match going on on this one. Leave it for Matt one, please. All right. I will. Matt one's down here. We got to ride for Ricky, so we can't change Matt one. What's up, Jeff? What's good, dog? Yeah, we got to leave Matt one because we're riding for Ricky. I'm going to put I'm going to switch mat one to top left because for me, it's the easy. It's the It's the one that attracts my eye the most. And down here, we'll go like six. Think someone said someone said six. All right, looks like this match is about to end. And then we got Let's ride. Kessie Bakari Stomp is an awesome name. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. I don't know why you weren't at fight to win Tulsa this weekend, dude. Me neither. I heard it was sick. Did I miss out? I should have went, huh? I should have went. How was it, Jeff? Was it a good time? Did you compete? Vickory stom future European champ. All right, here we go. It should Ricky should be coming up, right? Please. Matt 2 next, please. I'll put this I'll put this one on mat two. Matt 2's bottom right. [cheering] All right. Ricky should be Ricky should be coming up. Yeah. Matt 2's bottom right. I'mma take it off if you say that again. [cheering] Helena Ferrer Sakaria versus Alyssa Lazar. Ricky is coming, dude. Warn the people. Ricky is coming. Kona, stop. Boy, Pedro. I think I think they &gt;&gt; I think the female absolutees like one side still catching up. Let me see. Let me see what's going on here. Let's ride with Ricky. [cheering] &gt;&gt; There's going to They're going to have to I forgot Ricky. That That was the semi-final right before for Rooster. So, they're going to have to wait a little bit before they start the actual match. Okay, so this is a mat two right now is a semiinal for the blue belt absolute. There's another semi-final going on on mat four. We'll put that right here. So on the right side of the screen, those are both the female adult blue bell open class semifinals. So let's watch these. Let's lock in. We're going to see who's going to the finals and then let's uh let's make a pick. Let's see who who we're going to ride with, who we're going to get behind, who we think is going to win the finals. Elano Matt 2. What's up with you guys in saying the mats that are already up there? It's right there. It's on the screen. &gt;&gt; Jeff, no, I did not. There were some solid matches. Our gym went 3-1 main event. Hunter Coven dominated. Co-main with Chris Hutcherson and former UFC fighter Daniel decatch. Nice. Glad to hear the boys got it done though, huh? [crying] &gt;&gt; Next year I'll be at this championship, God willing. Where are you from? Joe Ericson. Joe Ericson. Oku care. Oh, she just she's holding on to that by a thread. &gt;&gt; These matches are like so synced, so oddly synced right now. Almost the exact same time, like 3se secondond different, same score. Both the open class semifinals, both matches are kind of similar so far. &gt;&gt; It's kind of nuts. We in the Twilight Zone. [snorts] Oops. [cheering] Get into that leg. Use it. Use it. Half a BJJ. Hey, half Brazilian, half American here. Shout out you. How many passports you got, &gt;&gt; dude? I saw I saw uh I saw Kenny Cleveland. I'm not going to lie, Jeff. I saw him. Uh yeah, I saw someone I saw some clip of him or something, but he came across my feed and I was like, "Oh shit, that's Kenny Cleveland. I know that boy. I know that bullet. I can I can see that mullet from anywhere." No problem. Joe Ericson, where are you from, bro? by Demora Palucha Deiki. Uh Ricky is coming up. Kenny Cleveland got the kind of mullet that you can smell coming before you even see it. You know what I'm saying? Come on now. You know what I'm talking about. You freaking You smell that thing coming before you even before you even catch a gander on it down yonder. That's the type of mold that Kenny Cleveland's rocking. And that's nothing but respect. That's nothing but the highest praise. Sabi Portuguese. Kik. All right. Helena Fera Sakaria. She's gotten the three. Uh, who's in the black ghee? Anna Clara Pinero Lei. Do you know how to read in Portuguese? I I mean, no. I know some words. Uh, it was Yeah, that makes sense. It was on IBJF's Instagram. That's sick. Good for Kenny. Oh, Kenneth Cleveland. [snorts] All right, so we got Helena Ferris Aaria. She was the one passing that whole time going into the finals. And looks like we're going to go to judges decisions to see who she'll be facing. Francesca Rajie. [cheering] All right. Open class final is set. Still waiting on Ricky. He's not going. They didn't move his mat, did they? That would be devastating to find out they moved his mat. That would be devastating to say the least. I think we're still I think we're still golden. All right, here we go. Is Ricky coming out? Uh, the judges are taking the mats. I believe Ricky should be going out any minute now. Let's ride with Ricky, baby. Let's ride. &gt;&gt; Are you a wrestling fan, too? Yeah, I'm a wrestling fan. I'm definitely way more casual with wrestling. I don't watch every single event or anything. Jax Forest wrestling for Oklahoma State. He's seems like an absolute beast, right? He just keeps kind of dominating. So, shout out Jax Forest. What's up? Yeah, dude. I've been waiting for Ricky, too, and I don't know him either, but I'm excited to see. Allegedly, he's like the man or something, you know? Which one is he? I didn't realize which one. Ricky, I didn't look. Is Ricky wearing the black gear or the black geek? Can someone let me know? Let me know in the comments if Ricky's wearing a black ghee or a black ghee. &gt;&gt; George here, huh? Come on, Ricky. &gt;&gt; Open class finals going to be on mat two. All right, I'm dropping the quad box. I'm going dual box. I'm moving this over here. Boom. Now, let's ride. Okay. Yeah. So, uh he's definitely wearing the black ghee. Okay. Good. Thank you, James. Thank you, James. I appreciate that. He is wearing the black ghee. The Florida people watching here. Good vibes. Say hello for us. What's up? Shout out the Florida people. Shout out at FTL. Thank you guys for watching. What? He get DQed. Imagine they DQ Ricky. That would be devastating. I would have to call in my my uh my comrades in Lisbon and get this taken care of immediately. I would not let Ricky go out like this. Not without a fight. You guys want me to go back? Did you guys Those who compete will know that if they were both wearing black, the competitor on the left wears an additional belt. Hey, Jonas, relax. They were already in the middle of competing. So, we didn't know I didn't see who was on the left or who was on the right to start. They were just in the midst of a roll. Chili Bowl. [cheering] And it was a joke. &gt;&gt; Can you give my boy George a shout out? Shout out George. Shout out George. &gt;&gt; How can you compete in IBJJF? Just Oh my god. Wow, &gt;&gt; Ricky actually just got DQed. &gt;&gt; That's kind of crazy. &gt;&gt; Dang, dude. Matt 2. Pedro, this is Matt two. You keep asking for Matt 2. It's up. Now you can get $300 off any &gt;&gt; Let me go back. &gt;&gt; I didn't actually see what got Ricky DQed. That sucks. That sucks, dude. We just waited so long to see Ricky compete and then he got DQed in less than two minutes. What? Can you guys see what Yo yo from Australia. What's up Adam? Shout out Australia. &gt;&gt; I don't actually know what he did. What did he do? Did it happen earlier? Slam from earlier. They were just catching up. When did Oh, right here. Did he pick him up? Oh, I bet it was that. &gt;&gt; I bet it was that. And then it just took the table like 20 seconds to to pass along the news. &gt;&gt; That sucks, dude. Dang, Ricky. We were riding with you, brother. We were riding with Ricky. That's a bummer. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; What's going on over here? &gt;&gt; Oops. What we got going on over here? A little subie poo. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Is this back on? There we go. I think that slam was close. No, no more walking fights. Sorry. Yeah, that slam was like on the line. It was like a little huh, but it was just it was a bad look that he like picked him up from guard and then kind of like it seemed a little bit like, you know, maybe he just bit off more than he could chew and he couldn't like it was like kind of dropping him more than slamming him, but he just kind of went with him. So, [snorts] [cough and clears throat] &gt;&gt; All right. All right, so we're kind of wrapping up here on a lot of stuff. We got the uh female open class final still. We're kind of waiting for that where we're going to see Helena Sakaria going up against Francesca Rechi or Heshi. And then there's a couple more things. Ricky just finished. Uh we got that Basil Jean kid. I think he's in the semi-finals. He's kind of fun to watch. So both semi-finals for middle still need to go and then the open class final still needs to go. We know. &gt;&gt; And we got an ad. Your marketing campaign. &gt;&gt; This is just what we need is an ad. &gt;&gt; Scary thing. &gt;&gt; No more walking fights. &gt;&gt; Try bit. So this is I think one of the middle semifinals. No, this is Dang. This is the middle quarterfinal. So Oh man. Dude, he should have I I think maybe he should have sold out on that. Unless he's got nasty passing and can can pass off here. Hey, Kona, stop it. [cheering] K's digging in the bed. Oh man, that's a tough That's a tough position to be in. Double ankle control 50/50. Can blue belts blue belts can tow hold, right? I going to say he should tow hold him. His legs triangled. two. &gt;&gt; Give him two for fling. Are they fucking All right. So now we got looks like the female absolute final should be going out there now. Stomp got to get a [cheering] Yeah, that one might be over. [cheering] &gt;&gt; It's going to be Gabriel Farera advancing. Hey, [cheering] Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; [crying] &gt;&gt; Your next breakdown could be anytime, anywhere. &gt;&gt; Get covered. Nice punch. it is not Congratulations. Watch your feet. [cheering] Don't you Stand up. Stand up. Mic check. Mic check. Mic check. I'm back. I'm back, boys. You guys didn't think I could do it, huh? You didn't think I could figure it out. You didn't think I could turn this this bad boy back on, but here I am. All right. There's a little bit of a war, but I won the war. I at least won the battle. All right, so what we got going on up here? Helena versus Francesca. It looks like Helena is up 70. Oh, it's a cheeky little joy bar. Is she going to throw a cheeky little joy bar? &gt;&gt; I know. They're trying to shut it down. They're like, "Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa." The the freaking the suits, dude. You know, the brass back at Flow HQ caught wind of this secret little live stream we got going on right now. And they were like, "Whoa, whoa, whoa, boys. Let's shut it down." So, they tried to freaking they call tried to call in the special operations team to shut me down. But there's one thing they forgot. I'm the black ops, baby. I'm the black ops for a reason. You come at me, you best not miss. Simple as that. Because I'm the black ops and I'll freaking I'll smack you from this side to the to the I'll smack you freaking I'll smack you around so far you're going to have a a receipt of smacks long enough to cross the Mississippi River. Something like that. I don't know. I didn't actually have a good line right there. That's my bad. That's my bad. Usually I'm pretty good at coming up with good lines. I didn't have one right there. And I think I can take this as a moment to uh, you know, own up to that, show some humility. I like to I like to think that I have a sharp tongue. I, you know, I can come up with funny lines quickly. I didn't deliver that time and that's on me and I got to do better for you guys and I'm recognizing that. So, I apologize. I didn't have a good funny bit right there going. I got caught up in some stuff. I got lost in it and I didn't get out of it. Okay? And I can admit that. I'm man enough to admit that. But yeah, they want to shut us down and that's not happening. We're not shutting down. We're never shutting down. We might stream until the end of time itself. And that's how we do it. That's how the Alleycats Anonymous rolls. But she's still on this cheeky little joy bar. &gt;&gt; Oh, here we go. Now she's getting somewhere with it. I love a choy bar. One of my favorite submissions. Time ran out. That was a close one. That was a pretty sick final. [screaming] There we go. The 2026 IBF European Championship Blue Belt female absolute champ Helena Sakara. That's pretty cool. It's got to be a good feeling. Boom. Shout out her. So, what do we got left? We probably don't have a lot left, huh? I think it's just the middle. Yeah, &gt;&gt; I think it's just middleweight left. Matt three and Matt 8. And they're running behind on middleweight. Just a middleweight blue belt class open or uh still to go. I think we might shut it down though, boys. What do you guys think? You guys want to watch Megaton first before we go? You guys want to watch Megaton's three matches from yesterday? [snorts] Close out on that. Who's in? Who's it? You want guys want Let me know right now. Do you guys want me to shut it down or should we go watch Megaton? How long has this stream been going like an hour and a half? Uh, let's watch Megaton. I'm going to pull up uh Megaton's matches from yesterday. He went all subs. Do you guys really want to see the middle semis? If you I didn't know you guys were locked in like that. You guys locked in? All right. All right. Fine. We'll watch the We'll watch the middle semis. This Basil kid, he is cool. I've been kind of I've been digging watching his matches. I just don't know how long it's going to take to uh for it to actually start and everything. All right, how about this? Locked in all the way from Paris. All right, let's go. Let's go, dude. Imagine. Imagine in 2026 if we lock in. Just imagine that. Imagine that if we locked in in 2026. Could be the move. Could be absolutely nuts. This is what I'm going to do. So, I'm going to pull up I'm going to pull up Megatons matches and we're going to watch that until they actually take the mats for uh for the semis because they I think they have to wait for um for like people to be ready because you know there's no matches in between. It's just those. But actually, you know what? The referees are walking out there now. So, it looks like it might get started soon. So, let's jump back into let's jump back into the middle semis and we'll we'll we'll watch Megaton in between these matches. Here we go, boys. The middleweight semifinals. [snorts] I watch this all day. I've got plenty of time. I work evenings. All right, perfect. I do need to I need to figure out like an actual streaming schedule. Like when what days what time is the best time to do live streams beyond just during events, you know? So, like for this one, it's basically just going to for the rest of the week, I'm going to try and wake up and then like essentially start streaming just because there's such a uh like a time the time change. But for like non-event streams, if I if I was doing a once a week stream, what day should I do them? What time? You know, what's going to work out the best for everybody? Give me a little feedback. Let me know. Yo, I see the Arkansas hat, bro. Where are you from? Good question, Noah. Augustson. I'm from Kansas originally, born and raised, and then I moved and went to school at the University of Arkansas, and I lived there for a few years, and then I moved to Austin, Texas, and that's where I currently live. Pedro Louise, I'm from Brazil. Thanks for the stream. Training today was hard. Hell yeah. A lot of boha going down in Brazil. I want I want I'll admit it. I want Brazil to win. I like Brazil. I see we got some Mugatine fans. Is Mugatine sick? This Gabriel Henrique kid is He seems pretty good, too. Oh, he stuck him with the pass. Oh, man. That was some good guard retention right there. They gave him the pass though, huh? nice man living in Nogi Mecca. That's right. Look, look me up to train if you ever come through Little Rock. A lot of times I'll go back and visit uh Fateville obviously, you know, being like uh Dang, he submitted Brazil. All right, with the triangle armbar. He got him. Good move by Alexander. Nice job, Alexander. That was sick. All right. Nice man living in No. You might look me up if you train ever come through Little Rock. Where do you train at? West uh Westside Martial Arts. I go back and visit like Fagetville sometimes. Obviously, like being I'm more of a Northwest Arkansas guy since like, you know, that's just how I guess it is. When you go to University of Arkansas, you kind of mainly go to Northwest Arkansas and I train at Fagville BJJ. That's where I used to train with Betto and Matteas Magaz. Awesome gym. If you guys are ever in the area, check it out. Love it there. But uh Nemesis Jiu-Jitsu. Okay. But some of the Westside guys from Little Rock or maybe it was like one of the out the places right outside of Little Rock like Conway or something. I'm not sure how all that works, but uh wherever Westside is, they would come train with us and everything. Yeah, Northwest Arkansas is incredible. Incredibly underrated place to live. Dang, dude. Mugatine put up 13 points and then submitted. Incredible. So, that kid's a beast, huh? Mugatine's the real deal. You guys didn't tell me Mugatine's the real deal. How did he How did he end up submitting? Let's go back. The cowboy hat needs to come back out. Yeah, you're right. To be honest, my dog chewed up part of it. So, I need to get another one. What did he do here? He just freaking submitted him to like head pressure. That's nuts. Yes, it is. Monkey, what are you saying? Yes, it is too. All right, so that final should be set now. If my calculations are correct, if my calculations are correct, then that final should be set and that should be the last match of the day at the IBJJF European Championship. [snorts] It should be on mat 8. So, let's just go full screen. Matt 8. I'mma move this over here so I can keep an eye on it. Make sure we don't miss the final. And then let's watch some megaton while we're waiting for that final to be ready. Like Ezekiel with head. Crazy. That's a crazy move. I would never let that shit fly on me though. I'm just playing. I'm just playing. All right, this is from Megaton yesterday. Obviously, I don't know if you guys don't know Megaton, then man, get hip to it. For one, Megaton is Mackenzie Durn's dad, which I always think is funny. Megaton is just an absolute legend, a crazy man. 58 years old. He's competed in every IBJF World Championship since like 1998 except for one. There was one that he couldn't do. But he's 58 years old, just going out there and just freaking still [snorts] competing, still putting on the line. Just such a legend, dude. Megaton just such a legend. Nothing but respect for him. When you talk to Megaton, it's just like it's just madness to be honest talking to Megaton. He's just an absolute maniac. He has no filter. He's so authentic. Doesn't care at all about anything to be honest. He's kind of a legend. But like dude, 58 years old still going out there just freaking putting on the line like this and just smashing dudes. That's so sick. [snorts] But it's got to be brutal to like roll up to to Euros and be like, "Oh, you know, I'm going out to Lisbon. Going to be a good time. I'm bringing my my grandkids. Bring my grandkids. We're going to have a nice little vacation in Lisbon and I'm going to compete Master 7 while I'm there. You know, just for love of the game. And then you pull pull up your bracket and you just got meat ton first round. Such a maniac. Megaton's a dog. &gt;&gt; Oh, great. Now we got an ad. &gt;&gt; Haven't washed it since the wind streak started. &gt;&gt; Nature made vitamins &gt;&gt; on it. The hell is this? &gt;&gt; Nature day and every day. &gt;&gt; Nobody buy that. Nobody buy that. Don't buy that shit. Buy a similar product but not their product. Like Megaton's obviously Megaton is so good at jiu-jitsu like doesn't even really like I don't need to say that Megaton is good at jiu-jitsu. Clearly he is, you know, like just a lifetime dedicated to the sport, knows so much, but like to still be executing on that jiu-jitsu at 58 years old, like it is just kind of mindboggling to me, you know? Like the fact that he can pass and just move his body the way that he can, like that's pretty nuts. Like honestly any of these guys like the fact like so many people are 58 years old like nearing 60 like by the time someone's 60 like they can't move you know they have no mobility they can't like touch their toes like all kinds of stuff like that you know if they fall there's a risk of like them not being able to get up life alert shout out life alert help I've fallen but I can't get up you know but it's just like these dudes are going out there and competing doing jiu-jitsu moving their body in ways that like some 30-year-olds can't do. You know, it's like if these dudes never train, if a guy doesn't train, just living a just, you know, not a solid lifestyle, then it's hard to move like that. But like jiu-jitsu just, man, keeps you loose. Phil Herman said, "Juiced to the gills." Bro, when I'm 60, I'm going to be on so much juice that if I took a bath, I would literally like I would I would cause like erosion through the tub and I would fall through Breaking Bad style. You guys remember season one of Breaking Bad whenever Jesse was supposed to he was supposed to like uh put those bodies in acid, but he needed to get like a plastic tub with the triangle on it because the acid couldn't mel through that type of plastic cuz Walt told him that cuz Walt's a big chemistry guy with a big old big old brain. Got a big old melon on him and he said he got to get this specific plastic thing so it the acid doesn't eat through it but it'll eat through the bodies. And Jesse didn't listen. Jesse did not listen and he put it in the bathtub and then it freaking [cheering] it just melted through. That would be me if I decided to take a bath whenever I'm 60 years old because I'm on that much juice. I can't wait to turn 60 and get on that much juice. [cheering] It's going to be nuts. So, I don't think Phil even if they are or aren't on Juice, I just don't really think it's that big of a deal, dude. They're 60 years old. If you want to be on Juice at 60 years old, be on Juice. Let's go back and watch this though. [cheering] &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Nice, Megaton. [applause] Good work. &gt;&gt; Porn addiction turns high IQ men underach achievers. They're highly intelligent. Always told they had so much potential, but behind &gt;&gt; a lot of you need to actually finish projects. &gt;&gt; Listen to that ad. [cheering] &gt;&gt; All right. All right. So, here Megaton's final. [cheering] &gt;&gt; Diego said go. Why you saying go? Last round. [cheering] &gt;&gt; I'm surprised these dudes want to stand and like do a little judo. Like I would be wanting to get down to the ground as fast as humanly possible. &gt;&gt; Oh, Megaton Pool almost into the submission. &gt;&gt; All right, I see I see a referee walking out onto the mats right now for Matt 8. I think it's almost time. It's almost time, boys. Keep watching this Megaton match until I see everyone come out there. Might skip ahead. And that's how Megaton finishes it. And now voila, here we are. Blue belt middleweight final. We got Alexander Sualha versus Mugatin Satovic. I'm taking Mugatin. Oh my goodness. Did he just get the two off the rip like that? Come on, Alexander. Can't let him just have it like that. That [snorts] was a little too easy. Who we riding with? Let me know in the chat. Everybody in the chat, fire off with who we're riding with, baby. Are we Mugatine, guys? Are we going with Mugatine or are we Alexander guys? I kind of feel like we're Mugatine, guys. Oh my gosh. Mugatine got it done just like that. This boy is the truth. Is Mug is Mugat? Anybody who's hip to Mugatine, is he going to come back and do the Absolute? [snorts] When would it be? Is the Absolutes uh tomorrow? They're finishing up the blue belt divisions tomorrow or no? Let me look. Yeah, that the male absolute should be tomorrow. Is Mugatine going to do the absolute? This dude's kind of awesome. There it is. Shout out Mugatine getting it done. Boom. All right, that's a wrap on all the matches today. Was a good time watching with y'all boys. Anything else we should do before we go? Anything else you guys want to do? Anything you want to talk about? Let's see what we got going on tomorrow. Tomorrow is Wednesday, January 21st. Tomorrow we're going to have the adult female purple belts as well as the male adult blue and purple belts. So the rest of the blue belt divisions as well as the some of the purple belt divisions. That all starts at 9:30 a.m. Lisbon time. Central time. It's 3:30 a.m. 4:30 Eastern and 1:30 a.m. Pacific. If you're in Rio de Janeiro, it starts at 6:30 a.m. But my time, which is central, it starts at 3:30 a.m. I will not be up that early, but I'll probably I'll probably fire up a live stream just basically as soon as I get up and around, can get everything set up and get it going. So, I'll be streaming again to watch some of the uh the rest of the male blue belts and then the female and male purple belt division. So, appreciate you guys tuning in. You know, I hope to see a lot of you tomorrow. Hopefully you guys enjoyed the stream. Let me know if there's anything else you guys want to do. Maybe we'll see Mugatine in the uh Blue Bell absolute final. That would be pretty sick if he comes back around. But I appreciate you guys for tuning in. It's always a good time getting to just chill, watch some jiu-jitsu with the boys. I will not forget Monkey. I will not forget Mugatine. But I think that's a wrap for today. I'll see you guys. Uh I'll see everybody back tomorrow. Have a good one.