Kind: captions Language: en Yo, what's up, boys? Day two, IBJJF Nogi Worlds. Got the stream going. Figured I'd start it a little early. I [clears throat] don't know what time zone everybody's in, but I'm in central time, so the action starts off at 11:30. We got Kona today. Kona's co-starring in the stream. She'll probably be sleeping back there for a little bit, but we're going to stream about an hour or so of the black belts. Now, today you got options. All right, there's another stream that's going to be going down on Flowzone. We're doing an hour live stream for free on the YouTube. So, if you don't want to hear me talk, you can go watch that one. But I wanted to give this one as an option also. But the matches don't actually start for like another 20 minutes. I was just going to look at some of the brackets, you know, talk about some of talk about some of the big matches coming up. Basically, get us all settled in. You know, I need everybody to start trickling in and then we got to settle in. Okay? We got to figure out what we're going to lock in on. All right? It's going to be a crazy day of action. But, you know, feel free to start firing off that chat, too. You know, let me know what's up. Let me know what you guys are excited to see today. But I'm going to go ahead and share my screen. We're going to start. This is the Flowgrappling homepage. Hopefully, you guys have seen that before. If not, you know, head to flowgrappling.com. Let yourself have a good time, you know, let yourself enjoy a little something called flowgrappling.com. But we are going to look at the brackets. So, here's the order of fights. Like I said, the action should kick off 11:30 Central time, uh, 9:30 Pacific. I don't know where all you guys are, but you'll have to do the math yourself. Black belts today are going to be on the black belts are going to be on mats three through eight. So it starts with the open class. So it looks like we're going to see Matt 3, Gamila Canoe versus Isabella Seki, Natan Sap Sap versus Anthony Robinson. That's kind of a cool one. Natan Sap is like a he's like a dope Polish dude. Ken Sabino. So things are going to kick off. Things are going to take off right away is basically what I'm trying to tell you boys. Let's see what else we got. Yeah. So, these are the rest of the black belt matches to start. I don't know which is the which is the hottest hottest map. Your boy Marky. Hey yo, what's up Alleycats? What's up Marky? Welcome back, dude. The Alleycats are they're filing in. You know, all the Alycats are reassembling. It's gonna be a good day, Marky. It's gonna be a good day. We got We got Yo, Marky, we got Kona in the house today. She's She's co-starring in this stream. She'll be back there sleeping. So, but [snorts] yeah, excited to have another stream coming to you guys. [clears throat] &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; Matt Six, like three matches in, we got Nikico Mglitic uh versus Venicius Alves. Nikico Mglitic. Uh I haven't watched a ton of Nico, but he did just win the ADCC trials all subs. He just went and won the Asian and Oceanania trials. All subs. So, he's super super sick. I I remember him like 2022 brown belt pans and maybe worlds and he started kind of smashing a lot of people was really exciting. Um and so now it's cool to see him doing more noi stuff. That's right. Marky just ch she's just chilling out back. But we got Helder Jose as well in the mix early. Like I said, these are all this is these are all open class matches. They'll run through the open class first, get to the finalists for the open class, and then they'll start the divisions. Like you can see Betto down here, roosterweight. But Adele Fornino and Amanda Schultz, it's pretty cool. Yeah. I don't know. We'll have to figure out We'll have to figure out what mats we want to watch to begin with. And you know, I know everybody's trickling in now. And I'll just I'll just tell you guys right now, you don't if you don't like my commentary, if you don't like my style of talking during the matches and stuff, we are going to be doing about an hour of Flowzone streaming to the YouTube channel also, so you can get the actual commentary and everything if that's more your style. But I want to give you guys options. You know, I'm trying to I'm trying to make sure you guys got everything you could want. You know, you can pick between the best of the best and decide what you like. One thing I'm really excited about down here in Janna Goodman. I'm excited to watch in Janna Goodman. And Janna Goodman's been kind of making more and more waves ever since she won the first European trials. And she won Pans and also got silver in the [clears throat] Nogi Pans Absolute. She had to fight Gabby Passagna in the Pans Noi Pans absolute final. So I'm excited to watching John and Goodman today. I think that's going to be a lot of fun. down here. We also have Pavle Javorski. I think that's gonna be a lot of fun. Let's check the open class brackets. While we're here, [snorts] so here's the men's open class bracket. Who' they give the one seed? Elder Cruz with the one seed. He's either going to have Austin or Winston Olivivera. He's on the other side. Hiky Jusela. Hiky Jusela. Big big boy. Helder Jose is really good also. I don't know if you guys are hip to him or not, but he's a beast. So, I think he could make some make a splash in this absolute absolute bracket. David Garmmo down here. Jamie Dicks. Uh Roosevelt the two seed, Pavle Javorski the three seed. That's kind of crazy. Javorski is a stud for sure. Yeah, you're right, Marky. But look at this. We got Pavo Jorski right here. Nico Mlitchic. I guess because he doesn't do a lot of noisi doesn't have a lot of uh IBJF noi points. He's got the 20 seed. So he's got Venicious Alves Lesa Paulala winner has to fight Pavo Javorski. That's pretty nuts. Kind of kind of a wild one early on. Potential if Nico wins this then we got potentially trials winners going head-to-head almost right away in the second round. All right, let's check the women's bracket. This is black belt female open class. Like I said though, boys, let me know. You know, we got we're starting to get a few thousand. We're starting to get a few thousand. Closing in on a million Alycats here in the Alleycats Anonymous in the chat. So, you know, don't be don't be shy, dude. You know, nothing nothing bad can happen to you here. This is a safe place for alleycats and hunks alike. So, go ahead and drop a chat. You know, say what you're excited for today. Say what you know, what you've been thinking about. say some of the stuff that worries you. You know, just don't be afraid to get vulnerable in the chat today. You know what I'm saying? Once Metagamer shows up later, it might be a different story. He can get it gets a little sketchy sometimes. You know what I'm saying? Metagamer, he toes the line every now and then where it's like, "Hey, I don't know. We might have to put Metagamer in timeout, but he's not here right now. So, this is a safe place. Everybody can be vulnerable." All right, we got we got Liz Clay, the two seed, and Janna Goodman, the three seed, Nadia Franklin, the four, Gabby Passagna, the one. I mean, it's like Gabby Passagna is just the the perpetual one seed till the end of time until she decides to stop doing jiu-jitsu, you know? Um, [snorts] it's just so hard to beat Gabby Passagna. Like I I know I know that Tyani beat her 2025 Brazileros and then Gabby came back and won at Worlds and everything, but like I don't know that might have been a oneanddone thing to be honest for for Tyioni beating Gabby. I don't know if that's going to happen again. I worry about the savage probes in my gym hitting me with vicious bow and arrows on my white belt ass. Hey, that's [snorts] a you know that's just like a that's just like a right of passage. You know, you got to you got to just take some vicious bow and arrows. It builds character. You know, if you if you want to be strong enough one day to hold the black belt around your waist, then then it's the bow and arrows you take at white belt that have built the strength to carry the burden. Some shit like that. So, so you're on the right path is what I'm saying. But let's see what other sick matches we could have early right here. Liz Clay. So Beatric Jyn or Jenna Garcia are going to fight Liz Clay. If Liz Clay wins that, she'll move here. And then Adele Fornino, if she wins this, she'll move here. So we could see Adele versus Liz Clay in the quarters. That would be pretty sick. Build character in my vertebrae also. That's right, dude. You got to strengthen that vertebrae. And then on his other side. So let's just play out some scenarios. We could see let's say we see Liz Clay Adele here and on this side we would have to see in Janna Goodman probably like Maria Muyasic. So we could see in Janna Goodman vers Maria Muyasic let's say in Janna win. So we could see in Janna vers Adele. We could see in Janna vers Liz Clay. We could see Liz Clay versus Maria Muyasic. I feel like we've seen that a lot. Adele versus Clay is going to be a banger for sure. That's definitely going to be a cool match. And then this side got some Nadia Franklin Sula early Salah Samola on the other side. But yeah, should be a good one today, boys. Should be a good one. We got like what, like 13 more minutes until things kick off? What do you guys want to talk about until then? You guys got anything you want to talk about? Let's pull up the flow grappling YouTube channel. This is us right here. Look at this. You guys said I wasn't You guys said I wasn't going to edit on the live stream yesterday. Everyone was messing with me saying I wasn't gonna be able to get work done. &gt;&gt; Look at this. &gt;&gt; Went and made it after you guys after you guys logged off after we ended the live screen live screen stream. &gt;&gt; I went made this bad boy. &gt;&gt; Also, the other thing I got for you guys, hold on, let me switch this real quick. Yesterday, we were trying to watch the stream, right? And we were watching Michael Pixley take on Natan Tena in the finals and the stream cut out, but we have it re-uploaded. So, I'm Let's watch this while we wait. What do you guys think? You guys into that? Watching an ad real quick. Is anyone you could pull up on Matt one blue? One of my team is about to compete, but I don't have flow grappling. I mean, I'm going to be honest. I think today maybe we're just going to have to lock in on the black belt matches. I'm not sure if we're going to be able to stream a lot of the other ones, but all right. So, here's Nat Tanka versus Michael Pixley. [snorts] We were trying to watch this yesterday. This is the final brown belt uh super heavyweight, I believe. My inside sources from the venue said these boys were beefing with each other. I guess there was a lot of heat going back and forth between ATOS and Pedigo. Just what I heard. I don't know. &gt;&gt; Can you guys hear the match audio a little bit? &gt;&gt; Let me know if it's too loud or not loud enough, I guess. It's like nine minutes. That'll be perfect. Now that now that So obviously this happened yesterday. Pixley got his black belt on the podium. Now that Pixley's a black belt, you guys got people you're you're trying to see Pixley compete against. Now he's a black belt &gt;&gt; like IBJJF or What kind of matches you guys want to see with Michael Pixley at black belt? That's pretty sick, huh? [cheering] &gt;&gt; Just throwing up the meanest double unders. I should have been keeping track of the score to be honest. I forgot there wasn't a a graphic and I wasn't to to watch for the start of this and now I'm not quite sure. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Basically is good at this double under. [cheering] &gt;&gt; [cheering] [cheering] &gt;&gt; Also, I feel like Pedigo Pedigo has to be the loudest team at IBJJFs. Like, you can always hear the Pedigo crew just like anywhere in the venue. You can just hear them across the way just yelling. Look at Jacob Couch in the background. &gt;&gt; He's locked in. &gt;&gt; Jacob Couch. Jacob Couch right here is us in 2026, dude. Just imagine. Imagine if we lock in in 2026. Could be the move. If we lock in in 2026, it could be pretty unreal to be honest. Like, we might go nuts. You know what I'm saying? So, it's like I don't know, boys. We might have to lock in in 2026. could be the move. [cheering] &gt;&gt; Oh, this guy wanted the penalty. It's always Oh, they got it. It's always funny whenever they have the three judges out there. Whenever one of the side judges like he stands up and like gives like a, you know, like whatever. Like he gives some thing that he thinks the main judge mess messed up. And if like the other side judge agrees, he'll stand up and do the same. And then it's like, okay, two to one. And then the third guy will do it also. But a lot of times he'll just stand up and do it and then the other two will kind of like look at him and like see it and be like, "No, we don't agree." And then he just has to sit back down awkwardly. And I always think that's so funny when that happens. Like you're just like, "Nope, he missed it." Boom. Penalty. And he looks and it's like, "Oh, uh, okay." And he just has to sit back down and just like sits there quietly and just like react like he's like locked in on the match. Like he didn't just kind of get like rejected by his boys. I think that's so funny every time that happens. &gt;&gt; One of my favorite parts of watching the judges. [cheering] &gt;&gt; Dixie kind of getting after him a little bit here. &gt;&gt; Matt five, Ryan Manigan. The match hadn't even started yet. What's up? &gt;&gt; What's up, Josiah? &gt;&gt; Everybody joining in. We're watching the Pixley match from yesterday. [cheering] Skip ahead a little bit. &gt;&gt; Little Skippy Poo. Little Skippy Poo never hurt nobody, right? [cheering] He's on at 11:50. I think 11:50. What time zone? So, &gt;&gt; it's basically a lot of like once Are you showing live matches when it starts? Yes, I will be showing live matches when it starts. I think we're going to go we're going to do a whole lot of what we did yesterday. We're going Quad Box. We're going Alleycats Anonymous in the chat. Firing it up, you know, and we're going to see what happens. There's going to be another stream uh also on the flow YouTube channel for like the first hour of action. I think that is flow zone. So that'll be like the commentary, all of that. So if you want just regular commentary, regular flow zone, you can jump over to that stream. No hard feelings. Listen, I get it. If I'm not your vibe, if I'm not what you're looking for, that's all right. There's going to be another stream where it's just commentary. [cheering] There we go. Pix got the win. That's what we missed yesterday whenever uh whenever the mat cut off, but now we saw it. But yeah, there will be another live stream that uh will be live with regular flow zone. I believe they have commentary and everything going. So, you guys are welcome. If that's more your uh preference, do that. But I'm going to also be streaming. I don't think I'm just going to watch the flow zone. We could watch the flow zone if that's what you guys uh decide we want to do as a democracy here. We could do the flow zone or I was thinking we just go quad box again and just get a little taste of everything. You know, we just got we got eyes everywhere. As the Alleycats Anonymous, we got eyes everywhere, dude. You know what I'm saying? We don't just We're not just We're just not like the sheep who just accidentally watch the flow zone. We got eyes everywhere. We're making our own fate. We're making our own destiny. You know what I mean? We're quad boxing. We're switching between mats. We're Matt three. We're Matt 8. We're Matt five. We're Matt four. You know what I'm saying? It's like wherever the action is, we find it. We seek it out. We put it in the quad box. We watch along. And that's how we do it. Matt 22, please. At 9:30. Uh, I'm probably not going to be going Matt 22 at 9:30. I think I'm just going to be watching black belt matches to be honest with you, but sorry about that. Who are Pixley potential matchups at black belt? I think a Maragali rematch at some point would be sick obviously. I think who else do I think? Maybe a Nikki Rod rematch. I think they fought on what? Like Fight Pass, right? Quad box. That's right. We quad boxing, boys. [applause] We quad boxing. Where can we watch the matches? You can watch the matches on flowgrappling.com. Everything will be streaming live to flowgrappling.com. Head over there. Get yourself a subscription. It's black belt, brother. Matt 22. Matt 22 is black belt. I thought it was mats three through eight today. Are you talking masters? Come on now, brother. Come on, brother. It's adult black belt. We'll see. We'll see. Aa TH4 TD. We'll see if we can sneak in a little Matt 22. I don't know, though. We might have to lock in on mats three through eight. But but we'll see. Nothing's off the table. I'm not going to act like anything's off the table. You know what I mean? This stream could evolve into literally anything. So, I'm not going to say like, "Oh, no way." Or, "This is what we're doing. This is what we're not doing." I don't know what this could turn into. All right. Quantum votes quad box. Josiah votes quad box. Just Justice Eie. Justice Eie votes Quad Box. Billy Jenkins. What's up, Billy? Dropping the Alleycats anonymous in there, baby. Yeah, no problem. Aa. But yeah, we're getting close. 11:29 now. Let's check Let's check flow graph. Let's see what we got. Let's see what we got. &gt;&gt; Giani all day. Yeti squad official. Josiah is gonna be a big fan of you. Yeti squad. You keep throwing out there that you like Giani too. [clears throat] &gt;&gt; Quad box need Matt six and one. I can do that. I can do that, dude. Hey, you want a quad box with Matt six? I got you. [cough] [clears throat] &gt;&gt; Can you explain the difference between Masters one versus Masters 2 versus Masters 5, etc.? It's the age. &gt;&gt; So, whenever you if you're younger than 30, you're adult like you know, obviously there's juvenile and stuff, but like so like if you're 25, you compete adult and then 30 is masters one. You're masters one eligible. And then was it go to like 35 or Yeah, I think it's 35. So when you hit 35, now you're masters two. Whenever you hit like 40 or whatever it is, it's masters three. And it just keeps going up like that until you're like freaking megaton is like master six. But all right, I'm setting up the quad box. [sighs] It's gonna be nuts, dude. The quad box gonna be nuts today, bro. All right. Anybody who was saying the quad box wasn't going to be nuts today, dude, is lying. The quad box is going to be absolutely nuts today. I'm stoked for it. It's going to be a crazy quad box. Boom. I'm currently engineering the quad box. Boom. You said you wanted six for sure. Right now, I'm going three, four, six. I'mma put eight up there for now. But all right, boys. We're grooving. It's that time again. It's that time again. The matches are live. Let's get it. Make myself a little smaller right here. I feel like the I feel like center location worked well last time. &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; All right, we are underway. Gonna be nuts. Quantum, don't let them tell you different, brother. Oh, knock on Sap just already on a leg on Anthony Robinson. Top right. And so, like I like I mentioned before, dude, what the hell's going on bottom right? We got the clock going. Beatatric Jyn just racking up points, but no one in sight. Are we doing ghost matches? Are we doing ghost matches right now? Bottom right. Hey yo, we might be doing ghost matches. This is like the this is like laundering money but for people's records. We just run a ghost match to just pad people's stats. You know, if you if you pay me a small sum of money, I'll run a ghost match to help pad your record. Just let me know. Let me know if that's something you might be interested in. Let's Let's switch this one out real quick. I don't know what's going on here. We'll We'll throw up seven. Voila. All right. [clears throat] Gila Canoe. Isabel Seeki top left. Gamila Cano is pretty sick. Anthony Robinson, Natan Sap Sap, top right. I like Natan Sap quite a bit. Jean Maltis, Franco Diaz, bottom left, we got David Garmo, Jamie Dicks, bottom right, Nogi Worlds, black belts are underway, baby. This is what you sign up for. This is what you tune in for. This is what it's all about. We got the open classes running right now. It's going to be electric. Yeah. Invisible jiu-jitsu, elite black belt stuff. 100%, dude. That is highlevel stuff. Like, we watched her score four points without seeing her. Bravo. To that I say bravo. All right. You guys got any predictions for the open classes? John Maltis got open weight silver at Euros. John Maltis is a beast. You think he can do it here? Liam, where are you from? Liam, are you are you European? I think a dude who could go on a crazy run potentially is Pablo Jorski. But also it's like Roosevelt is in the absolute like 2024 Nogi Worlds I think it was 2024 right where it was him and Roberto in the finals. Roberto ended up getting the win had that insane back take where he was like north south pass and threw his legs over on Roosevelt and took his back basically. Pablo Jorski 2x gold. Let's go Ze. I'm calling you Zeb for short. Zeb Woge Pavl is really good. Josiah, [snorts] what we got? Oh, Jamie Dicks almost had a little look at Garmmo's back, but Garmmo is a Dude, Garmmo's a tree stump. There's no other way around it. He's an absolute tree stump. I mean, look at that guy. Garmmo wears A lot of people don't know this. Garmo wears triple XL shorts and they still fit him that tight. It's nuts. That dude's quads, that dude's glutes, they're they're overdeveloped. That guy was made for just a just a reinforced chair. You know what I mean? A lot of people don't know that about Garmo, though. He wears triple XL shorts and they fit that tight. Guy can't find a pair of shorts that don't ride up his quads. Hope so. He's my training partner in Ireland. Nice. Liam, where are you training at in Ireland? East Coast. I went I went to ECJJ once uh filmed some stuff with uh Richie B and um Oh shit, I'm blanking right now. It's early. But yeah, it was awesome out there. Ireland was cool. Uh just like we were in Dublin. We were right by a we stayed right by a stadium in Dublin, but then we kind of went down by like uh that real famous that real famous pub in like a like kind of a touristy area of Dublin to like Temple Bar or something like that. You know what I'm talking about. They were playing just like folk remixes of pop hits. It was awesome. And everybody was singing along just chugging Guinness. That was a good time to be honest. Dublin was pretty awesome. I don't know if you're in Dublin, but Ireland was cool. We got Gamila Canoe on the back top left racking up six points. Royal Grappling Academy coaches Roger Dardis, Marcel Garcia Black Belt. Sick, dude. You guys doing some good jiu-jitsu out there or what? Looks like Anthony Robinson is passing. Yeah, he got the pass on Naton Sap. Yeah, Temple Bar. Josiah, it's a little early to be drinking, bro. What just happened? Anthony Robinson, not on Sap. He He's injured his injury time. Yeah, we got a little injury time. Dude, I can't remember if we talked about this yesterday or not, but Polish grappers grapplers have really been showing out a lot recently at NOI Worlds. I don't know what it is specifically about that. I don't know if it's just like they're just assembling little Polish crews and coming over for Nogi Worlds, but there's just been a lot of Polish grapplers making waves at Nogi Worlds. Like yesterday, the the girl Martina, I don't know if you guys saw her, but she won double gold, I think. I think in a division, maybe all subs, at least a few subs. Uh but she double gold. She went double gold. She's Polish. And in the final of the absolute, she had this crazy armbar. Oh, got a sub down there. Bottom left. It was John Maltis. There we go. Liam. Yeah, Kevin. Pavl is insanely talented for sure. I would I want to see I want to see Pavle let it loose this event, you know? I want to see Pavle kind of, you know, get crazy with it. Dante Leon won't be on for a while. He's in the uh he's in the heavyweight division. So, they're going to run the Let me let me pull up the order of fights. But, he's they're going to run the absolute all the way till they get the finalist and then they're going to start running the divisions and they're going to start with the lightest. So, it'll be like rooster, light feather, feather, lightweight, middle, medium heavy, heavy. And so then Dante will go. So it might be a while before Dante's up. Who else we got coming up? Some Anybody we can't miss? Adele's coming up in a few matches on Matt 8. That was our ghost mat though. We got Nico coming up Mat in a little bit. Kalanabino should be up right now. Top right. He's up right here. Yeah, we got some fun ones. Got some fun ones in the absolute. Elder Cruz going to be coming up on map 4 in a little while. Uh let's see. What is Are we Matt six right here? Yeah, this should be Manuel Palado versus London Horn soon. But let's go. Yeah, no problem, Kevin. [clears throat] But yeah, we're keeping it. Oh. Oh, JB Dicks trying to throw up a little guillotine, a little ghillie. Don't be silly. Jump the gilly. You guys know what I'm talking about. Looks like Gamila Cano is going to take the points dub top left. She's going to advance. She's tough for sure. All right, Gamila Canoe advances. We're waiting on somebody. Matt six. Is there somebody else we should jump on? Let's see. Let's see if Matt 8 is fixed. If we can throw Matt 8 right there. Is that Adele right there? Yeah, I think that's Adele. Good. Good call. Jumping on the mat eight. All right, so we got a Dell bottom left. Now we're talking. Oo, going to dish out a couple penalties here for the double pull. Let me see if I can There we go. We got a little Matt audio now for you boys. How's that sound? My sources are telling me that people wanted a little Matt audio. Sorry if I was just sitting there quietly and it was awkward. &gt;&gt; Please show Matt one, my brother. I mean, I'm kind of just locked in on the black belts today. To be honest, I don't know if we're going to jump around as much as we did yesterday. We got to see what these black belts are doing. We're watching This is the This is the absolute division at NOI Worlds. David Garmmo advances off the advantage. &gt;&gt; Adele just hunting them feet. &gt;&gt; Oh, Cal Sabino taking it back. Got a little bit of a scrappy poo top right. It was it was scrappy poo alert potential. It was the early signs of a scrappy poo but kind of fizzled out. &gt;&gt; Is he Masters Kelly? &gt;&gt; Let me see. What's his name? Is he Wes Taylor or Robert Thomas? Those are It's all blue belts on Matt Juan &gt;&gt; from what from what Lil Trey is seeing. &gt;&gt; Vehicle breakdowns are costly, but with endurance &gt;&gt; got Danica Patrick. Get $300 off any plan. Call now. &gt;&gt; I missed this one. &gt;&gt; All right, let's see what finish. &gt;&gt; What's up, Sam? Yo yo, Alcats Anonymous mount up. That's right. At midnight, we ride, brother. The Alleycats Anonymous is filing in. At midnight, we ride. We're going to be we're going to be finger snapping in the back alleys. &gt;&gt; Oh, a little straight ankle from Adele. That's how she got it done. It's It's crazy how good Adele is in absolute divisions. Like obviously she won 80C absolute, but Adele is small. Like she's like 125, 115. like she can go pretty light and she still just goes out there and gets submissions &gt;&gt; in the in in the absolute division. &gt;&gt; Ken Sabino on a triangle up here. &gt;&gt; Oh, he gets the finish. Kalen Sabino advances. &gt;&gt; Oh, we might see another finish top left. Oh, &gt;&gt; that's pretty locked. She's got a weird angle on it, though. My neighbor Jeremy won this event in 2023. I believe his match is at 11. Any idea which mat that will be? Thanks. Uh, &gt;&gt; I would need his name, his full name and stuff, but how are you watching the different mats? Thanks for asking, Kelly. So, I'm on flowgrappling.com. I'm screen sharing from flowgrappling.com. The whole event is streaming on flowgrappling.com. You got to get a subscription. And you get a subscription, then you can unlock all of this. And then whenever you go to the event page on Flow Grappling, you can select the quad box up here in the top right, right up here. And then you can kind of just select which matches you want to be streaming. So right now we're quad boxing. This is how the diehard Alleycats anonymous type of viewers watch jiu-jitsu. They quad box. You know, this is some hardcore stuff. I think we also got a flow zone going where you can watch with like commentary and they'll have like more cameras and stuff and they'll bounce around from different mats, but we're quad boxing, baby. This is deep cut stuff right now. But all the matches will be on flowgraphling.com. Uh &gt;&gt; oh. I got an I got an OBS uh issue. Let's see if I can fix this. Here we go. We got Elder Jose. All right, there we go. What's up, team tornado? Good morning back again. Glad to have you back. Welcome in. Welcome in. Come, come. Thanks for joining. Matt 14, please. Sorry, boys. I'm just rocking the adult black belt match today. We're watching the absolute division. We got Helder Jose Joel Asenidos bottom left and then top left it looks like Nadia Franklin and Sula Lowenthal are going to be taking off. That should be a good one. Top right Austin Arande and Winston Torres All right. I think Helder Jose could be a sneaky if if he can get through some early rounds, he can start gaining some momentum. making it deep into this bracket. I think Helder Jose could make a run here, but this is a tough first match for him to be honest. Is John back on Matt 6 yet? I don't know. We can check. Yeah, I think he is. You want to switch this one out? Eli Braz Deon High Tower. You want to switch that out for Jean? Oh, actually looks like it's Nico on Mat 6. This is a good one. Nico has like lost a lot of weight. He's kind of changed up his body a bit. Uh yeah, this is Mac 6, but it looks like it's Nico and Venicious Lea right now. AD, thanks for the stream. No problem, brother. Glad I could hook it up. But yeah, I'm also I'm excited to watch Nico this whole event. I think he could also go on a run. It looks like Helder Jose must have gotten a sweep and mounted. Nadia Franklin up two top left. &gt;&gt; All right, Liam. Hopefully he shows out. Hopefully he shows out for the boys again. You know what I'm saying? What's everybody What's everybody up to right now on this Friday? You guys skipping work to watch this or what? I won't tell. I respect it. How can I watch specific mats? If you go to flowgrappling.com, you can select any mat you want. So, go to flowgrappling, get a subscription. Um, you can do monthly, you can do a year, whatever works for you. And then if you click, it should be like one of the first banners on the homepage. Then you can click uh, NOI Worlds Live now. And then you can select whatever mat you want. Coffee flow grappling chill music. That's what I'm talking about. PT. That's the life right there. You know what I'm saying? A little coffee. I had a little coffee. Had this little BB Sukos mug. You guys know about BB Sucos. Dude, if you ever go to Brazil, if you're ever in Rio de Janeiro, you got to hit BB Sukos. It's the best. It's Friday. Ain't got shit to do. Hell yeah. Nothing better than just hitting the Friday noon class. You know what I mean? Just sneaking off, hitting that Friday noon class. Like, that's one of the best feelings out there. Clever Barbosa 126, Matt 5. We can try and get in on that. work just finished here. Otherwise, I would be nice. In Poland, it's 1854, so it's the weekend. Now, we're talking little weekend time in Poland. Where you at in Poland, Ze, I've been to Koshalin and I've been to Posnet. Both were I thought both were awesome. Koshallen obviously a little a little a little little more, you know, rugged, but still cool. It's my day off and I have volunteer lunch at 1:00 for my daughter's school. Nice, Sam. Little volunteer lunch with the daughter. Doesn't get better than that. Is your daughter train? Can you do Matt 15? I'm sorry, but I'm kind of locked in on the adult black belts. We got Nico on the back. &gt;&gt; Let me keep an eye on who's coming up where. Nico racking up a bunch of points now, but can he get the finish? All right, see what I visited Krokow last year. It was incredible. Can't wait to go back and see more. Yeah, I've I've always wanted to go to Kkow. I've heard it's super sick. I believe ADCC this year is in Crackow, so I'm stoked for that. Looks like Nico is going to advance bottom right. I'm excited to go to Crackow for ADCC. What do you guys think of the matches yesterday? I thought the matches were sick. I think the brown belts this year were awesome. &gt;&gt; But with &gt;&gt; they were a lot of fun. So Trey, who do you think has the most aura right now? Good question, Kellen. Who do I think has the most aura? I think Owen Jones has a lot of aura right now. I think like we haven't Mika. We haven't seen Ma uh a ton, you know, recently. I know he's having a kid, him and a meat are having a baby, so it's like maybe he's chilling for a bit. But Mika always just carries an aura with him, you know? It's like this dangerous aura. That's pretty sick. &gt;&gt; I was born in Posan, Wzinski hometown, but now I live and train in Warsaw Academy of Gorilla Palavorski Club. That's awesome. Yeah, Posan was sick. I've never been to Warsaw. I think maybe I like took a train to Warsaw to then catch a plane. The guy with the long hair is getting a lot of breaks putting his hair up. That's a cheat code. Grow out that hair, you get more breaks. We do map four with Ash. Is Ash up right now? Nadia Franklin just racking up points now. She's got like a little arm triangle almost ruleesque. She flipped around. Yeah. Let me Let me see. This is Matt four right here. So maybe he's not up yet &gt;&gt; for a costly repair. &gt;&gt; Please. Matt seven plan. All right, I'm switching this to Mat. &gt;&gt; What a performance by Nadia. Oh, but now Sula's on the double straight ankle going into the heel. Max Hansen got the aura. I mean, Ferris kind of got a lot of a lot of aura right now. Ferris has that that villain aura, you know, that's a special kind of aura. That's a little bit of a mustwatch aura, you know, whenever you got a guy who's playing the villain as well as Ferris is right now, that's a lot of aura. Vehicle breakdowns are costly. Pavle's going to be up on mat six. So it should be down here at six, seven, then we got four and three. Is there anybody big coming up that we're missing on one of these other mats? I think Liz Clay should be on eight soon. I don't think Ferris is in the open weight. I think he's just doing his division. Oh. If Joseph and Andrew Tacket had a rubber match, who you got? I don't know, man. That's like Andrew Tacket. Like, I know he had a a first round submission last night on UFC BJJ, you know? He's a beast. I think if Andrew Tacket and Joseph fought now, I don't know. I like the sound of it, though. I think Andrew's been hitting his stride big time. Really finding his game. I think Joseph is kind of, you know, killing it right now. I think that would be nuts. I think another sick one, Joseph versus Ma. I think Joseph versus Ma would be a pretty crazy one right now. All right, what we got going on right now? Comp system's lagging, so I can't quite see who's supposed to be coming up. Got a lot of empty mats. Are we locked in? Are we in the right spots? All right. I need the Alleycats to to to sound off and let me know if we're watching the right mats right now. And don't say a mat that's not adult black belt. Three through eight is where we're locked in. I want to watch the match. Which one? We got Ken coming. Ken versus Anthony Robinson. Top right. We got Caitlyn Huggin versus Solless Simola. Just slightly off off frame. Now it's back in frame. See, they heard us. They felt that energy. They felt the pressure of the Alleycats calling them out a little bit. You know what I mean? Let me just take a quick peek down here and see if there's another one popping up we should be watching. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I don't know. A lot of the mats are empty right now. &gt;&gt; All right. We're locked in. We're locked in, boys. We'll let it play a little bit. We'll see who they send out next. How about that? How about that Louisa moment yesterday, though, huh? I feel bad for anybody who wasn't tuned in yesterday for the whole Louisa saga. We had Clet Lana in the chat. We had Yousef in the chat, her mom, her brother, and then finally we saw we saw Give us Matt 15 for one second. You do you mean that? I'll give you one second. Matt 15 for one second right here. And I'm I'm standing by my word. It's going to be one second. &gt;&gt; We got an ad. [music] &gt;&gt; Where can we get the M times &gt;&gt; match times and mats? You got to go to &gt;&gt; You got to go to BJJ Comp system. &gt;&gt; Uh, so check out BJJ Comps system. They got it all. You can get there through the IBJS website or just go to bjcomsystem.com. All right, we're doing we're as soon as this ad's over, we're going to hit it for one second. Matt 15 1,000. Is one of these your coach? All right, there we go. We're going back to Matt six. Yeah, truly a great time. That was electric yesterday. That was a great time for sure. I'm gonna throw in flow zone right here just to see what they're showing. See if we're missing something. Okay, so they're on they're on solo versus Caitlyn. Yeah, I mean that's just kind of how it goes a lot of the time to be honest with you. The the the times get a little a little wonky. So, we got double Samola versus Huggin, but we're using we're using Flowzone bottom right to kind of just check in and see see if there's something we're missing. And then we'll switch it back out once more people are back on the mats. Got a couple couple blank mats going right now. Are they behind a bit? I'm not sure if they're behind. Yo, Trey, word on the street is I heard you a freak on the blah blah blah and freaky during open mat. Hey bro, who's who's spreading this? Who's spreading this word, Kellen? Who's talking like that? Huh? They're talking They're talking sideways about me. They're talking out their side out the side of their mouth about me about at the open mats. Come on now. Come on now. If we find out, yo, we find out who's been saying that and we catch him in a back alley just the alley cast just then we might have to do something about it. Garmo's on seven. This is seven right here. Seven's just empty. There we go. I see the Jiz. Boha Jiz start the match. Start the match. Jish for the red bel team tornado we missing good PJJ what we missing green light is there something we're actually missing Matt 7's bottom left so if Garmmo takes it we'll see Solo Samoa Samoa has such long legs. Like that's that would be a horrible guard to deal with. Like the way she can just lock a body triangle basically from anywhere is pretty nuts. &gt;&gt; Yeah, the referee's in the way. Pa mio Hernandez adult black belt should be up soon. All right, we can we can we can turn this flow zone box into mat six once uh they start taking the mats there. We should have We should also have Nico and Pavle coming up mat six soon. Let's Let's go ahead and throw this to Matt six. &gt;&gt; It's still just blank. Feels like they're kind of moving slow right now. Anthony Robinson just submitted Callen top right. What's up, Froggy? Welcome back. Back at it again. On the grind, baby. We're in the trenches. Y'all know how we do it. Just foot soldiers out here in the trenches making it happen. With the alleycats anonymous behind us, we cannot be stopped. They can't stop us from watching the quad box. No matter how hard they try, no matter how much they plot against us. And today we got I don't know if you guys can see, we got Kona in the background. Kona's over here sleeping. She's just doing her thing. She's holding it down. But she's ready at a moment's notice. I say the word, Kona will just get anybody in a back alley if I need her to. All right, Anthony Robinson advances. Let's get some of these mats going, you know. &gt;&gt; Here we go. Here comes the Jewies. All right. Somebody's walking out Matt Six. Okay. So, now they're they're they've moved on to Rooster Way. This is Betto versus Frank Suspetas. I don't know if people know this. I trained under Betto for a couple years. I lived in Favville, Arkansas, where Betto lives and trains. Him and Matteas Magalace have a gym out there and uh Betto Matas gave me my blue belt back in the day. Beto's a beast. World champ. No, world champ. Nogie pan champ, but he's a dog. But yeah, the schedule's weird, huh? I'm a little I'm a little lost in the schedule sauce, Froggy. I've been enjoying you guys content lately. The podcast and all that have been nice. Makes me feel like Flo is not just a gigantic corp. There's people like you making it happen. 100%, Froggy. I appreciate that, dude. Really appreciate that. To be honest, it's like it's uh we got Roosevelt taking the mats bottom left right here. Yeah, it's it's a weird thing. You know, I I get how Flow Grappling kind of gets judged and viewed as like a nameless, faceless organization, and Flow Sports is pretty big. It's like it's not that big. It's not as big as people think. It's definitely still a small scrappy company, you know, trying to make it happen. Um, but when it comes to like flow grappling specific, there's probably like there's like four people specifically on the flow grappling team. It's me, Reed, Joe, and Slack are like the four flow grappling specific people. We obviously have other people who kind of tie into that and help with flow grappling events and stuff depending on what the event is. Like Ricardo Ammonolia, obviously he does a lot with like partnerships and like getting events to stream on flow. He's kind of flow grappling specific. But when it comes to the content and everything, the stuff you guys see, it really is just a small crew. just like the four people you see on the podcast. Like we're the ones doing all the content and stuff and obviously we try to do our best to the best we can. We try to give the most coverage to people who deserve it and all that stuff. So, you know, I appreciate you uh you uh watching the stuff saying it feels good and everything. So, we try to do what we can. We got Salamola. She get she getting the dub here. Oh, Betto. Slick little look at the arm. Oh man, these light guys are hard to finish sometimes. Just squirming out of it. All right, where we at? Any matches I'm missing? I don't want to miss Pavo versus Nico, but comp system's kind of all crazy right now. Says it should be on Matt six. Let me go back to Oh, we got I can recognize Gabby Passagna just from her legs. We got Gabby Pagna top left. Need somebody to move that camera for us. Let me try. I'm trying to pull up the bracket to make sure we're not missing something here. Yeah, it still says that it should it says Nico Pavl should be Matt 6 right now. So, something's up with comp system, but hopefully we don't miss it. Is fast. We watching the lightweights at 1223. I don't know if we'll make it that far, but maybe. Pavle taking medium heavy gold 100%. Barbosa on five rocking yet. I don't know. We got Elder Cruz, Winston Torres. Oh man, I missed this Roosevelt one. What happened here? Roosevelt took the back. That's a big boy to have on your back. That is a big boy to have on your back. You know, you don't want that problem. What's for breakfast? I don't usually eat breakfast to be honest. This morning I just had a coffee and a glass of water. Just, you know, breakfast of champions. Don't want to miss ass. Don't want to miss Ash watching all the way from SA. Where what match is uh Ash on? I mean, he's not going to be till later, right? He's not doing the absolute. This is all absolute stuff. And then we got uh Betto going. But all right, we got Winston Torres, Elder Cruz top right. Got Frank hunting the legs on Betto. Oh, big throw from Gabby. Guys see that one. just stuck her right there. Elder's also a guy who could win this all. Winston's obviously tough match, but that's right, Josiah. Good luck to everyone competing. Who we got coming out? Matt 7. Isn't there more brown belt matches today, too? Uh, maybe brown belt masters. I don't know about brown belt adult. I think all the adults went yesterday. call Elder Roosevelt in absolute final. That could happen. Are they I think they might be on the same side though. It might have to be a semi or are they opposite sides? Let me check. Oh, no. They're opposite sides. So, yeah, they could meet in the finals. Didn't that one happened recently somewhere? We got Garmo versus Eli Braz now. Bottom left. Hoping to do the Austin Open this year, holding the Blue Belt Master 2 bracket. Let's go. That bracket's yours. Going to absolutely smash the Austin Open Blue Belt Master 2 bracket. Boom. Betto got the two back. Now it's tied up. He's up on advantages. This this Gabby match going much longer than a usual early round Gabby match to be honest. Like I think I think if someone pulled all the numbers, Gabby might have the lowest mat time of any black belt world champion to be honest. Like she wins double gold and she does it in very little time. &gt;&gt; Sorry, but you're in the way of the name a little bit, dude. It's Gabby Passagna and Winston Torres. I mean, I like there's not a great place for me to be. Um, I got to be somewhere. You want little old You want little old little old Trey to just be out of here? Adele just got tapped. Where did What Mad did she get a tapped on? I knew we were missing something, dude. Comp system is bugging right now. I'm switching Matt 7 to Matt 8. Look like it's going to be in Janna Goodman. &gt;&gt; What's the other What's the other big mat? So, this one's seven is a big or six is a big mat. You like brass. Don't move the camera. Right in the middle is fine. Yeah, I think this is the best spot for it. I'm I'mma cover a little something, you know, one way or another, but it feels like yesterday we realized that middle was the best place for it to be. the most optimal, the most efficient. You guys know how we do it. All right, I'm switching this one to flow zone real quick and we're going to use that to make sure we're not missing something big because it feels like &gt;&gt; they're just showing Gabby versus Rain. &gt;&gt; She's looking to defend that title, but she could have, you know, coming this tournament, we were like, who is she going to have to deal with? Is it going to be play. Is it going to be in a Del Marino situation? Looking at, you know, the last year whose &gt;&gt; Going back to this Matt Six. Nico versus Pavle should be coming up. I'm getting nervous. I'll keep Andrea up. Yeah, I wanted to watch Janna, too. But I'm getting nervous that we're going to miss Pavo versus Nico. So, I need somebody, one of the alleycats out there, if you could help me out because because comp system isn't working for me right now. So, if one of you guys is hippo to comp system, you can tell me and make sure we're not going to miss Nico vers or, you know, like I didn't want to miss Adele either. Someone said Adell got submitted. I don't know if that's is that real or not. Matt 7. What's going on on Matt 7? Is it Matt 7 right now? You breath. We got three, eight, six, four. What's going on on Matt 7? You guys got to tell me what's going on for Garmmo. There's M7. You want Garmmo? Eli Braz. All right, I got you guys. You guys, I didn't know Eli Braz had it like that. It's up top right. Garmmo versus Eli Braz. I didn't know the Eli Braz crew was showing out. Let's get some Portuguese flying. Kasham Eli Braz. You know what I'm saying? Did Did Liz Was it Liz versus Adele? Is that the uh the match where she got submitted? Man, Gabby just put up 12. We might be cooked on Nico versus uh We might be cooked on Nico verse Pavle. I don't know how we're gonna find it. Haha. Sabi Moto Portuguese Bamula. Bamo. Eli Garmmo's cool, too. Is it wrong to take a Caesar salad to a potluck? I know he's going to fool of tons of good Mexican dishes now, bro. Take a Caesar salad to a potluck. Do your thing. Pavo is after Jean's match. I'm nearly sure. Match 16 minutes, please. Eli. Eli Braz. All right. I hope I hope Pavle's up. Very wrong. No, no, no, no. Take that. Take that Caesar salad to the pot lock and never let them know your next move. Ah, is Liz Clay that got a d. I'm have to pull that one up and watch it on the on the side. You know what I'm saying? &gt;&gt; Friends pay for it. How'd she submit her? Froggy. Just tossing in the parmesan right now. That's what I'm talking about. Hey, we might have to we might have to put together an Alleycat synonymous potluck and all of us bring Caesar salad. You know what I'm saying? We're going to have Caesar salad for days. That's the type of vibe I'm trying to bring to the function. You know what I mean? That Caesar salad vibe. Keep holding it down, Sam. Bringing that Caesar salad vibe to the function. About about time somebody turned up the potluck. Got things going right. I didn't know we had Eli Brad support like that in the uh in the Alley Cats Anonymous. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Oh, and Janna Goodman just fighting tooth and nail right now. I don't know how good Injanna's wrestling is to be honest. I don't know. She's either got to get a takedown or she's got to pull and sweep. I guess you're having good wrestling. So, if we're trying to watch a blue belt match, we're hosed. Yeah, you're not hosed, though. You can go to flowgppling.com and all the matches are on there. But for this stream, yeah, we got to just kind of lock in on the the adult black belts. Sorry. Sorry I couldn't deliver. But noavez, it's our turn. Eli Braz is the owner of the game. Hell yeah. Oo, and Janna is going to she's got to she's got to take the back. Get them points. One's going to be that one's going to come down to the wire here. This is a tough match. John Malt's London Horn. Both these dudes are pretty tough. I know we got some John Malt support in the chat. Got Liam out there. He's going to find got find a little leg lock of his own. It looks like Andrea got the two showas. How was that? No worries. Sorry. Um All right. What we got coming up next up here on Mat 7? I think we might have a roosterweight match coming up on mat 7. We're getting into the into the weight classes flow flow zone showing Eli. Nozz Eli. Nove. All right, people. Firing off for Eli. Let's go. Freaking Eli Braz, dude. All right, the Alley Cats want to get behind Eli Braz. We'll get behind Eli Braz, everybody. Let's fire it up for Eli Brad. This is an Eli Braz now. I can get behind it. Are the times on IBGF and CST or MT? I think they're in Pacific time. Eli Braz is the problem of the division. Couldn't agree more. This guy keeps it up. We might have to lock him up. You know what I'm saying? He's a problem. Dude's an absolute problem. Eli Smash. No Seves. It's our turn, baby. Let's go. John Maltis just finished London Horn or they're just reset. He got it. Shout out Liam in the chat. He's gonna be happy. All right. This better be this better be Pavo versus Nico on mat six. That's kind of a big one we've been waiting for. This is a preparation yawn. This is like Apollo Antono, you know, he used to yawn before he did his big uh his big Oh, I see him already. I just I just saw Pavle's chest. I could recognize him just from his chest. He's coming out, baby. Let's go. MG, let's go. No surprise. You knew Liam. I saw a little sneak peek of Pavle. I just needed I just needed like one and a half and got the dub. Good for Injanna. She advances. I just needed one little square 1.5 square inch of Pavle's chest to recognize him in the corner of the screen there. Pavo Bha. Let's go. Oh, see that little arm? That was Pavle. I could tell. Oh, that was Pavle right there. We're locked in, baby. Pavle. Nico should be coming out bottom right. We've been waiting for this one. We were worried. I was worried. But no need to be worried, dude. The Alleycats Anonymous can't be concerned with worry. We just got to do our thing. Awkward handshake bottom left. You guys see that little oopsies on the handshake here. I'll rewind it for you guys. We've all been here. Oh. Oh. You guys see that? Let's lock in real quick on this handshake. Bottom left. Everybody focus up. Bottom left. Ready? &gt;&gt; Oh. Oh. We've all been there. &gt;&gt; We've all been there. We can relate to that. You think it's a bump. You think it's a a handshake. You think it's a slap bump. We've all been there. Respect. All right. They're they're slow to bring out the boys on six, but I believe this should be Pavle versus Nico. [cheering] See what else we got. We got F Sherier versus Mara Kelly right there. Um, Hike Ja's on map five. Let's switch this to map five real quick. Oops, I just opened Photoshop. Hopefully that doesn't that doesn't ruin everything. You guys just want to you want to do a live stream where I just sit and make Photoshop graphics? Could be the move, huh? Let me shrink me down a little bit. Feel like I got bigger somehow. I wasn't I wasn't full screen. That's why Yeah, awkward. All right, that's Pavle. There he is. We got Pavle Nico bottom right. We got Hiky vers Moriz. Top right. We got Fay Sher versus Mara Kelly. Naughty Franklin versal on the left side. This is good. Now we're in a good spot. Little Photoshop seminar. I can do a little Photoshop seminar. All right, let's lock in, boys. Let's lock in. We got some good ones out there. Pavle going into this this Nogi lasso. You guys been noticing how much people are playing this Nogi lasso recently. Like it feels like it feels like this Nogi Lasso's kind of been all over the place. I noticed a lot of people yesterday at Brown Belt and stuff playing it, but it definitely feels like a like a big Oh, Pavle ride on the legs. Oh man. Wow. Wow. I mean, great job, Pavle. Pavlo Fay also got the sub down there bottom left. What a win for Pavle, dude. Pavle's an absolute problem. Pavle's just an absolute dog, huh? This kid's crazy. Next fight in mass 7 is Eli Braz. Okay, dude. All right, we're getting it going for Eli Braz again. Now we're talking. I'm liking the the Eli Braz support. How'd you guys find your way in here? How did the Eli Braz crew find their way in here? Is the Eli Braz crew and the freaking Alleycats Anonymous going to be like this? Are we linking? Are we unifying under the umbrella of Eli Braz Alleycats Anonymous? Just like that. 68. I mean, what a performance by Pavle though, huh? Just came right out. got the submission in 40 seconds against Nico. That's pretty crazy. Good on him. &gt;&gt; Sala's going to have to make something happen here late. &gt;&gt; N is up six. 20 seconds to go. Hikey hunt in the back. Hike is a big boy. Hike is a problem. How long we've been gone? going for like an hour and a half. Might have to We might have to end the stream soon. Next match on Mat 11 will be a good one. All right, Meritz. Oh, that's uh Moritz Collinsburgger. That kid's actually awesome. He's a really fun dude. But he used to have long hair, right? Does anybody know that for sure? I'm pretty sure Merit used to have long hair. Let's throw up Let's throw up Matt 7 right here. &gt;&gt; Got a little ad going &gt;&gt; skip that. What's up, Metag Gamer? Welcome to it, bro. Why you joining so late? Let us know. Tell us right now why you tardy. You got your tardy slip. Snapping my way into the chat. Just you know what I'm saying? When we when we enter the function, we enter it in the most suave way possible. You know, just just shoulders cocked just side stepping. Just that's the alleycat way. How much of the tourney are you streaming? I mean, I was only going to do like an hour or so. I think we're at an hour and a half. I might have to stop pretty soon to be honest. We'll see. We got we got big time Eli Brad support in the chat so you know that goes a long way. Let me see here. Let me check the other chat real quick. I better not see any Alleycast going over to the flow zone chat. We got We got Jmack over there. Oh man. I was trying to nap before Comcast Class, but couldn't pass out. No time for napping, dude. No time for napping. Not whenever the action's on. Not when we're streaming. Someone in the flow zone chat said, "When is Gordon Ryan competing? Josiah, you're jumping over to that chat, too. I see you. &gt;&gt; I was looking for a high hat emoji. We might have to make our own custom beat, you know? A little high hat beat. Little high hat and snap beat. No, Metagamer, there's not another better chat. Get out of here with that. Come on now. This is the best chat there ever was, there ever will be. You know what I'm saying? If you just want to hear regular old match commentary, then yeah, go to the Flow Zone stream. But if you want the real deal, the freaking down and dirty, the in the trenches stuff, then you found yourself in the right place at the right time, the home of the Alleycats Anonymous. the Alleycats Anonymous stream where there's where there's a where there's a pretty girl behind every pump jack. Call this Midland, Texas. You know what I'm saying? The river's flowing, the water's flowing, the trees are tall, and the fruits are plentiful. You know what I'm talking about? That's what this chat's all about. So, you guys know where you are. You know why you're here. And don't forget it either. &gt;&gt; Let me check some of these other matches going on. Bro, bro, please stream till the end of the open. Oh, Shyan. Shaman, is that how you say that? I saw you over in the flow zone chat. Now you're jumping over here, huh? You're jumping over here to the to the real crew. Plus one. That's right. What else we got going? I don't think we're missing anything big right now. Did the Flowzone YouTube stream end? No, they're still going. They're watching Betto versus uh Chris Tran right now. He found us. That's right. We were hiding over here in the deep, dark corners of the internet. You know what I'm saying? He found us in a back alley just watching a quad box the way God intended. God made the quad box. God told us to stream the quad box. You guys know what I'm talking about. When is Giani going? Anyone knows? Probably a little none of the homies up for like an hour and a half at least. Aw, I think the faggra girls might be gone. All right, we got some more divisions going. We got Bato, Chris Tran, Hiky, Jusela, Colinsburgger. Does Pavo have Jean next round? Let's Let's throw it to Matt three. Fenegger Girls going We got Ashley Fenegger going bottom left. &gt;&gt; Brackets are in Pacific time zone. Damn straight. Look at this top left. The ref with this. Did you see that clap? He was doing just a fingertip clap. That's kind of aura. You know what I'm saying? That's a little bit of aura right there. Just the fingertip clap. Boom. Bottom left. This is uh Ashley versus Yasmin Castro. All right. You guys wanted it. We got it. Top left. Eli Braz versus Roosevelt. Where's the Let's see the Eli Brad. Let's see it start popping off. I know everybody in here is a Eli Braz fan. We got We found this deep cut Eli Braz community where the Alleycats and the Eli Braz squad are just linking up like this. Let's get it going. What? What was everybody saying? No Seavez. It's our turn. No Seves. Eli Braz. No Seves. Five claps at the same time. I mean, that's high level stuff. Let me check the bracket to see if John who John Maltis has next. These brackets aren't. Yeah, it should be John Maltis and Pavle next in the in the absolute bracket. It's going to be a tough one for John Maltis. Betto on another arm. Eli Braz is up there top left. Hafa, he's up there. Matt 7 top left going against Roosevelt. Just a little What's up with the girls same name on the graphic? Just a little oopsies. That's a little oopsy poopsies. You know what I'm saying? Our bad. But it should say Ashley Fenega versus Yasmin Castro. I'm out early today. Alleycat's going to go crush this potluck. All right, Sam. Hey, let us know. Let us know what the people think of that Caesar salad cuz that's the move 100%. Don't let anybody tell you different. you roll. From now on, if an alleycat rolls up to a potluck, bring a Caesar salad. And eventually, we'll have the full Alleycats meet up where it's all Caesar salad. We're going to eat Caesar salad until we can't eat anymore Caesar salad. It's going to be electric. Thanks for tuning in though, bro. Appreciate it. V Brazil, Miguel, Gabriel, Eli, Braz Nozz, rematch from European open final. This time it could end quicker. Pavo versus Jean is the Euros's open class final. Eli nozzada vamola. What's y'all's favorite salad topping? Ranch. See you, Sam. I think in Janna and Liz Clay should be going up soon as well. It's It's I liked ranch before it became straight canola oil. Brother, you got to get the right ranch. Can't be drinking that canola oil ranch. &gt;&gt; Got Patrick talking again. &gt;&gt; I think Elder Cruz is up. [snorts] Maybe we'll try to watch if uh Liz Clay and John are coming up soon. Maybe we'll try to watch them and maybe we'll try to watch Pavo versus Jean Maltise and then then I might have to end it there. I've been having a Hidden Valley since I was a young. That's true, dude. I went to I went to this bar in St. Louis one time. We were talking about St. Louis time and for some reason they just had like 50 different ranches and so I got a little lazy Susan with like a bunch of different ranches all around and some fries and I created this big bracket and I went headtohead with all these ranches. They had all kinds of ranch but I remember it was their dill pickle ranch that ended up taking the win in the ranch absolute division that day. It was a incredible performance by them. They I believe they were a pretty low seed when we started, but they ended up, you know, getting it done and uh taking home the dubki and that ranch off. And it was a beautiful day. Clay and Janna semi matt 8. My sources are telling me that's coming up on uh it probably is. Let's switch this to Matt 8 to see if and Liz Clay are coming up. might be after this one. Eli Braz is down two advantages right now. I know we got a lot of Eli Braz supporters. You guys got to come through for your boy here late if you want to give him the dubski. Are we missing anything right now? Yo, Metag Gamer, I need you to hold it down for us. Is there any big matches we're missing that we should be tuning in for right now? Mariana showing out right now. Bottom left. &gt;&gt; Okay, bro. I closed the page. &gt;&gt; Yeah, comp system hasn't been hasn't been great to me today. &gt;&gt; Betto getting the win there. Shadow Betto. I just yelled at the guys in the 5050. Yeah, back a little backseat grappling. All right, we got Pavle coming up. I can see him. I can recognize him just from the corner of his chest. We got Pavle coming up. This should be uh Pavle versus Jean Maltis bottom right. And then I believe bottom left we should get Injanna versus Liz Clay. So we should have a couple bangers coming up right here. Nothing wrong with a little backseat grappling every now and then. Eli Brad's got to put some points up if it if it truly is his turn. All right, here we go. We're going to get Pavle again. Bring them out. &gt;&gt; Bring them out. Bring them out. Vehicle breakdowns are &gt;&gt; here for everybody. &gt;&gt; Elder with the dubsky up here. 20 got the win on points. It's just tying the game. Gotcha. Metag gamer. You love Liz Clay. Yeah, Ferris in the absolute would be sick, but I'm I'm I'd assume he just kind of wants to lock in on his division. Here we go. Pavle taking the mats against John Maltese. Bottom right. Big one. Let's see what we can do. You guys are saying this is a rematch of the European absolute final. Pavle just right into those legs. Oh, Roosevelt making a play on the back for Eli Braz. Oh man, hooks are in. Oh man, just the advantage though. Looks like Roosevelt's going to beat Eli Braz. It was a good run. No, Sez. All right, let's lock in on John Maltis and Pavo Jorski. How good is John Maltis at leg locks for for people who are who watch a lot of John Maltis? If Liam's still in the chat, how good is he at leg locks? Because we know Pavle's pretty good at them. Sean's on top, Pavl's on bottom. GG, Eli. GG. Jean Maltis is trying to, you know, he's trying to get a little scrappy with it. Posting on that head, you know, trying to trying to throw Pavle around a little bit. I don't follow him. He looks confident but not hunting super crazy. Yeah, there was a few there's a few people in the chat earlier who uh train with John Maltise and stuff. He does. He looks like he's not worried about going into the legs, which is obviously good, but it can also lead to, you know, potentially getting leg locked. Shout out John Matis, only Venezuelan who's good. And then we got Liz Clay and Janna bottom left. This Clay is so insanely flexible. She has so much dexterity. Like look, she's just like holding her own foot basically to her chest. All right, Liam. Hey, still here. Good. What? How good is John Maltis on the legs? Liz Clay getting in getting in on a leg here. But in Janna trying to get a little heel exposure. Opted for the straight ankle. &gt;&gt; They gave the two to Liz. Should we keep it quad box or should we just go go dual box for Pavle vers John and Liz versus Janna? Turn things up a notch. He's very good, but probably not Polish good. Yeah, Polish Polish leg locks a different different level. I wasn't watching closely enough to see why uh Jean got the got the advantage. There we go. punch in on Pavle Jean Maltis a little bit for us. Oh, Liz is throwing in the ghillie. Oh, got the tap. Liz Clay. So Liz Clay subbed Adele and Injanna now on this run. Clay is truly built different on how she folds her legs like that. Basically impossible leg lock. It turns out you can gilly when they got single leg X. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Liz Clay. It's like her getting into leg entanglements is so nuts. the things she can do, the way she can bend her legs and stuff and just kind of eat different things and it just does not affect her. It's kind of crazy. Liz Clay's a beast and Janna Goodman's also a beast. Like, and Janna could come back in her division, win her division. Um, but yeah, Liz Clay's looking good. Subbing Adele and Injanna now on this run. Like, is it Liz Clay's day? Could be. Could be Liz Clay's day. We got Jesse Crane down here and drery. That's why she's your goat metag gamer. Yeah, she can. My knees don't work that way either. Got to stretch. All right, let's finish out this Pavle match and then I might have to call it a stream, but we'll see how this one plays out. I'm going I'm going full screen for for Pavle. All right, you guys see Kona in the background? She's been sleeping up here. Just a good girl. I think Gabby Pisan, Nadia Franklin's also going on right now. Pavo going to pass off this. Oh, Pavo kind of setting the tone there. He said, "Reset us. Put us back in the middle. People are way too comfortable with their heel in front of knee. Yeah. I mean, some of these leg entanglements you see now are are nuts, dude. Like John Malt is just going criss-cross applesauce in front of Pavle to retain his guard. Do not respect bear trap pressure. You are you saying you don't respect bear trap pressure or they're not? They don't respect. Bear trap is awesome. I love bear trap. Yeah. I think we're going to see a two- win here for Pavle. Last time Pavle and Jon fought, was it did it end in submission? Yeah, they're not respecting it. Yeah, it's kind of crazy like these flexible leg lockers like they are willing to just like let their legs stay in a super dangerous position. I mean, I guess they just know their own body's limitations and stuff like like Liz Clay, another great example of just like the the way she lets her legs get kind of like bent around and tangled up is like it seems so potentially dangerous, but I guess they just have that flexibility. 8 seconds. A little reset dispute. Gotta love a good reset dispute. Oh man. Oh my gosh. I mean, what a last little flurry. There we go. Pavle advancing. All right. Good on John Maltise. Good run. All right, boys. I think I'm gonna have to shut her down there. But thank you all for tuning in to this one. You know, appreciate you guys tuning in, joining the stream, chatting it up. you know, the Alley Cats Anonymous is alive and strong, making it happen out there in the deep, dark corners of the alleyways of the jiu-jitsu community. So, thank you guys for watching. Um, if you want to keep watching all the action, go to flowgrappling.com. Get you a subscription. You can watch the rest of Noi World. You can watch everything as it goes down live and in the flesh. You know what I'm saying? Through your TV screen. He Yeah, John did get close at the end. No doubt, Liam. Uh, but yeah, thank you guys for watching. Um, I might come back tomorrow. Might might do another hour, hour and a half on uh on tomorrow. So, meow. Hit hit the meows in the chat. That's right, Metag Gamer. Uh, yeah. Thanks for the stream, man. Of course, Liam. Glad I could do it. Appreciate you guys for tuning in. But I'll see you guys in the next one.