Kind: captions Language: en are expecting here at the Silver Spurs Arena for today's finals of the IBJF Pan Championship. So, today we're going to start 9:30 a.m. male lowerweight quarterfinals. From there, we're going to go into the male lowerweight semiis. Around noon local time, we're going to have the male upperweight quarterfinals. Then, we'll go into the male upper semi-finals. And then at 3 p.m., the finals will start. We'll kick it off with the female roosterweight division and work through the weight classes from there. Remember ladies and gentlemen, if you're watching on YouTube right now with the free content, go to flowgrappling.com/signup to purchase a subscription to be able to catch the finals live. Stay up to date with all the news, articles, and updates at flowgrappling.com/signup. So, right now there's some action going on 6. We have Yuri Hendricks and Lucas Castro. We're on mat five, however, where the first scheduled match is Bruno Senna and Jaylen Fenosier. So, Bruno Senna. So, right here, it's funny. We have we had initially we had Beetto getting ready to take the mat, but it looks as though yes, we will be having. Yeah, the match may have been switched. It may be Betto and Samuel Marquez. I noticed their names on the official scoreboard, so we may be starting it out with Betto. That is indeed very interesting. But here at the Pan Championship, Danny, there has been so much action over the past uh or I guess yesterday me and you were commentating. But let's toss it over to Matt 6 for just a little bit while we talk about that. Just this whole this whole week that you've been here, Danny, you were a member of the IBJJF staff and you have been seeing all the action from the colored belts all the way up to the black belts. Talk a little bit about what Pans has been like this year. Pans has been incredible. Like I said yesterday while we were talking on Flowzone, feel like the talent just keeps getting better and better every year and it's something we it's a theme that we kind of repeat on every single broadcast, but at the same time it's just really impressive to see these blue belts, purple belts, brown belts that are training like professional athletes and are really taking their craft seriously and you can really see their work shine through on the mats. So we have Yudi Hendris and Lucas Castro. Castro now in a collar and sleeve guard bringing that foot over the top. Yuri Hendris won gold at the 2025 Europeans in Lisbon, Portugal. Had a really good final with Jaylen Fosier who's going to be competing in a moment against Bruno Senna over on map five. Casher for a moment was able to invert possibly transition to the 50/50, but Hendrick sitting back on a foot lock. has his foot against the hip. It's not the greatest leverage point, especially considering Lucas has that grip on the collar now trying to extend. Seeing a lot of straight ankle locks in black belt competition lately. Now going belly down on it. This is a lot more pressure. really trying to arch and just unable to [Music] get the pressure he wants to get the tap. Nonetheless, back trying to adopt this collar and sleeve just about the halfway point of this quarterfinal. [Applause] Hendrickx is representing Melki Galval jiu-jitsu and Lucas Castro is representing Gracie Baja. Hendrickx putting pressure close to a guard pass. Good guard retention skills by Lucas Castro over on mat five. Betto and Samuel Marquez have started this lower weight class. The guard retention is just so impressive because Castro trying to get up with this sweep here. Hendrickx attacking a leg in return. That's going to be two points. Now the score completely tied up. Hendricks back on this. At least it looks as though he was teasing the idea of going for another foot lock. [Applause] Castro diving down trying to respond to this foot lock with a leg drag. Looks like a pretty solid position for Castro. Has the foot off the hip. He's going to try to stay heavy on that lead leg and put some pressure into Yuri's guard. Hendricks is using that left knee as a frame right now. But Castro is trying to bring that knee all the way through so it's under his armpit. And then if he can bring his left knee to the mat, it'll turn into a strong possibility of passing. Hendricks is doing a good job keeping that foot elevated and keeping the threat of the foot lock active. [Applause] This is Yuri's first match of the 2025 pans. Lucas defeated Everton Souza yesterday via [Applause] points. Now, once again, seems like a bit of a stronger bite on the foot. Now he's going the conventional way of of attacking this foot lock as well. [Music] [Applause] How hard is it to finish the foot lock when that left foot is taken off the hip? The foot lock conventionally you want to have space between you and your opponent. So if I was initiating a foot lock, it's about two things. The lock and then the distance away. If you're able to create a good amount of distance, you increase the leverage on the straight ankle lock. So right now, what Castro's done is he's brought his essentially his body, his hips, his head closer to his own foot, which decreases the leverage that Yodi Hendricks is able to create, and it keeps his foot a little bit more safe. Also, by putting his weight forward, he puts his foot a little bit more flat on the mat, which if your foot's flat on the mat in a foot lock attack, that's the end of the range of motion typically. So, it's keeping his foot safe, but it is difficult. You You can still finish a foot lock if you have a really good one. If you're very proficient with the technique, you can definitely finish an ankle lock even in a tight situation like that. But it is typically easier if you're able to get some distance. Hurry gets another advantage for the foot lock attempt. Now leading by one advantage. [Applause] 1 minute 19 seconds remain. This is a Rooster quarterfinal here at the 2025 IBJF Pan Jiu-Jitsu [Applause] Championships. A little bit of a different schedule today, Danny, than possibly what the Pans usually are where we do quarterfinals in the semi-finals of the lighter divisions and then quarterfinal semi-final of the heavier divisions. I find that very interesting and I think it's very effective too because it keeps fresh in our minds the matchups that have already happened. Less than a minute left. Goody locks up the closed guard. They're going to move back into the center. Gracie Baja corner calling for two points. [Applause] Senator ref signaling to his earpiece. This call is being reviewed. [Music] [Applause] This would be huge if Lucas Castro were to get awarded two points because all the Gracie Baja corner just behind the Jiu-Jitsu banner are man I we see sides of hands on their head looking on and just anticipation. nervous pacing back and forth. They want Lucas Caster to get these two points and they're sure they've got it. Two points for Lucas Castro. Less than a minute left and that changes everything. Loop choke attempt by Yudi Hendris. That looks Oh, that looks like it could have been in for a second though. looked like he had a good angle. Now I think he's going to try to work to sweep, make up that point differential. He is leading on an advantage. Look at this. Yudi Hendris might have just got the sweep he was looking for. Once his foot is flat, he gets two points. And there it is. He's back in the lead. What a maneuver. Wow. Oh, Yuri Hendrickx answers. And in an attempt to get back up, Lucas Castro is giving up his back. He might give up a choke here at the end of the match. Danny, I look like it could be tight. He's got a good grip in the collar. Oh my goodness. That's it. [Applause] Oh, he might be out, Danny. [Applause] And Judy Hendricks is going to move on to the next round with that choke. Hard to tell from that angle. The consciousness of a competitor. Yeah, what a crazy end to that match. Lucas Castro got the two points. Yuri Hendrickx swept him pretty quickly. Maybe 20 seconds after the points were awarded. Got the lead back. Lucas had to try to make something happen. Yuri took advantage when the back was exposed and finished the choke. That's such a valuable quality as a competitor to be able to when it's time to be make a clutch movement like that. I mean, you're down by two. You still have that advantage lead if you were to make back the two points, but you only have about 50 seconds to make the points. Not a lot of competitors have that ability to turn up the heat all the way to 11 once they're in that situation. But Yodi Hendris immediately gets to work, makes the sweep happen, takes it back and and finishes by submission before I guess technically before regulation, but it did. Time did run out, but that was just a a very impressive very impressive performance. And Lucas Caster of course. [Applause] Okay, so Yuri Hendris of Melki Galval Jiu-Jitsu is going to move on to the semi-final of the roosterweight division here at the 2025 pans. Gets the submission victory over Lucas Castro. We're going to head on over to mat five. We've got Samuel Marquez and Carlos Beetto Olivivera going down here. Quite an interesting entanglement situation. Betto currently stuck in a foot lock at least momentarily and Samuel Marquez down by two and four advantages with two minutes left. Let's put Beetho's first major championship of 2025. 2024 won his first black belt world title. [Applause] also won his first black belt master world title. [Applause] Up two points and four advantages. 90 seconds left. Double sleeve for Samuel Marquez. In a very interesting spot is Samuel H having to defend these different pass attempts by Betto, but he needs to find sort of that Yudi Hendris moment in this match to be able to make a sweep happen. Of course, easier said than done. You just listed the accolades of Betto, but now he's under the leg. Well, even if he is if he were to sweep, still be down by four advantages. It's very true. Needless to say, it's a heck of a mountain to climb. Looking for the arm saddle. Going to try to throw that left leg over the [Applause] top. This Bejo's first fight of the 2025 pans. Samuel had a submission victory in his opening round yesterday. [Music] [Applause] [Music] It looks like Carlos Betto Olivivera is going to advance here in the rooster division at the 2025 IBJF pan jiu-jitsu championships. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Betto competed here last year, Jake, but he competed at Light Feather. Ended up taking third and dropped down to Rooster Weight for the Worlds. Won the gold medal there, of course. Now he's back at the pans, but in the roosterweight division. Was an impressive performance. did not receive so much opposition in this first encounter. We'll see him in the semi-finals here soon. [Applause] So, he'll move on to the semi-final and we'll jump on over to the other mat where I suppose no we won't actually. Danny just gave me a look. We'll stay on mat five. We have Bruno Senna and Jaylen Fasier coming up here next. Winner of this match takes on [Applause] Beta. Jaylen Fasier, a competitor we've been privileged to see compete since very early, I think even green belt, blue belt, has risen through the ranks and now at black belt put together a great performance at the IBJF European Championship in Lisbon earlier this year. now trying to make a similar finals run here at Pans. There's Jaylen in the white ghee. We just saw Bruno in the blue ghee. [Applause] Yeah, I think what was really impressive about Jaylen's run at Europeans, he took silver, lost a really close final to Yuri Hendricks, I believe it was two-0. He just looked so aggressive, looked fearless out there competing. And as a new black belt, I'd imagine that that would be kind of difficult going against athletes that you probably been watching for a long time. He came in there with a lot of confidence and looked looked amazing. Yeah, the way he fought against Yuri, I think he had maybe six advantages in that final, just trying and going for submission after submission. He's a very aggressive competitor. You see in his corner, the legendary [Applause] Copin. He's a He's a very He's a very naturally aggressive competitor, which is something that's very hard to teach, but he learned that early on, and that's why we get to see him put on exciting matches here at the IBJF on the IBJF circuit. Seen Coin have so many great matches at the pans over the years. He's an always exciting competitor and fun fun competitor to watch. [Applause] Just waiting to get the referees on the mat here. [Applause] Danny, what are some of the matches you're looking forward to [Music] today? One that really stands out is Roberto Jimenez Gustavo Batista. Going to see that one in the heavyweight division open class final. It's going to be amazing. Both open class finals. We got Gabrieli, Pana, Isidora Silva. We also have Gutenberg and Roberto. I'm also looking forward to Matteas Gabriel and Natan Chuang in the lightweight division. Natan is certainly coming to his own. He's very exciting competitor to watch as well. Very technical. And Matteos Gabrielle being back in a big way. It's also very exciting. Yeah, his opening round match yesterday was really impressive. He was working on a crab ride for a couple minutes. Finally gets the second hook. Well, gets both hooks, ends up finishing with a choke from the back. It just looked like Matteas Gabriel has looked better than ever even coming off that injury. And going through that period of time where he wasn't able to compete, you could tell he put that time to good use. I'm looking forward to that absolute final as well. You know, we can see Roberto Himenez a couple times today in in a a couple different big matchups. I think Gustavo Batista is one of those giants of the heavyweight division that have just always been a fearsome competitor, multiple time world champion. Then Goodutenberg Peda just looked unstoppable in the absolute division on his way to a finals placing So, we're going to head over to mat 6. We'll come back to mat five once this once this match gets underway. But right now, we are on mat six. We've got Wellerson Donalves versus Tadia Danforth. [Applause] Tia currently in the single leg X. Interesting to see Wellerson picking up both the sleeve. He he's lifting like deadlifting both the sleeve and the pant leg. It makes it very difficult for Tadia to get that left leg in play to get him off balance. He's having to use that right foot. Now going for the foot lock. See if Tadia wants to go belly down the other way there. This way give a little bit more belly down. Goes for it momentarily. It seemed like he had a little bit of a look on it, but he does net an advantage for his efforts. Now we are tied up with over halfway through the match. [Applause] Relax trying to control that bottom leg to pass. But great recovery and awareness by [Applause] Tadilla. Seems as though Tata really wants to engage the right side and Gonzalez is passing over to that side [Applause] once again back trying to get under the leg. Now Gonzalz wraps up an ankle lock. Tadia trying to come up on top. Established top position. has the foot wrapped up. So, two advantages awarded both to Wellerson. Tadiana tow hold. Very shallow toe hold in response to this ankle lock. Now trying to put a little bit of extra effort, a little bit of extra effort on this foot lock as Tadia drags him back into the mat. Todd's foot still in a precarious spot here. Not able to fully get the top control. Wellerson gets another advantage. Still up by two advantages. Two minutes left. So Tadia was able to come up on top, but because of Wellerson's foot lock, he didn't clear that submission threat, so it didn't earn the two points. A great awareness by Wellerson in that. Yeah, really good strategic move by Wellerson. It's a small discrepancy. Just putting your foot flat on the mat will get you the two points, but if your foot is still up in the air being attacked actively by a foot lock, it's considered being still actively attacked in a submission. So, you won't get the points because you you did not technically stabilize the sweep. [Music] Well, continuing to push forward and try to get tight on this pass. Looks like we are just about ready to go on map five. So, we're going to head on over back to that mat with Jaylen Fasier, Bruno Senna. [Music] How do you say that, Danny? Before we head over, Tadia gets the two points that he was looking for. [Applause] Madison trying to sweep back. [Applause] Wellerson's going to have to put together a big transition. He's got the lapel with his right hand. Lasso with the left. He's going to need to really push. 30 seconds. [Applause] And there it is. Ellison comes up, but Tadia is on a knee bar and now on a toe hold if he can hold this for the next 14 seconds. Is going to try to stand up, put his foot flat on the mat. Looks like he cleared the towhold grip. [Applause] Oh, look at this. That's two points. Two points for Wellerson as time expires. Right at the end, right at the very end of the match, Danny Wellerson gets the two points. I don't think it gets any closer than that. Yeah, like you mentioned, Jake, Tad Tatia was attacking. I think it was a knee bar and a toe hold. cleared the danger one at a time. Ends up getting his two points with like maybe five seconds left in the match. Well, let's take a look. So, this is a look at the knee bar. As soon as Wellerson clears, Tadia realizes, tries to get up, Wellerson picks up the leg and even tucks it against his hip. Even though it slipped out, tucked it against the hip so that he could net the time he needed to get behind. And you can see the clock in the background is just counting down. Just two seconds before Wellerson was able to get those last two points. The referee is now looking at his earpiece or holding his earpiece rather and looking back at the referee table. They're going to take a look at it and see that see if it was indeed enough time. If this does remain the call, then this has got to be one of the closest come from behind victories I've seen in a while. [Applause] Oh my goodness. It would turn out, it looks as though referee has waved [Applause] off the two points and Tadia is going to receive. This is incredibly confusing. I'm going to hold my speech until until a hand is raised. [Applause] Can only imagine the emotions these two athletes are feeling right now having to watch this unfold. [Music] They're once again reviewing the footage. Remember ladies and gentlemen, follow along at FLG Grappling on Instagram as well as IBJJF on Instagram. Currently watching the Rouserweight Division here at the 2025 IBJF Panji Championships. Winner of this match will take on 2025 European Champion Yuri Hendris. This one's going to come down to decision. Very interesting. It came down to a decision at the end, which is strange because Wellerson was up by two advantages. [Applause] So Tadia is going to move on to the next round. What a roller coaster of [Applause] emotions. So this must have been the deliberation they were making. Wellerson up by two advantages, down by two points. It seems as though he gets the two points. Definitely not 3 seconds of control on the turtle position. He does get up to his feet. The referee gives two points. I'm wondering, Danny, how it ended up becoming a referee decision at the very end. Where did the two advantages come from for Tadilla? Where did they go for Wellerson? All in all, the referees looked at the footage, made a decision, and now we're back here on map five. Jaylen Fasier and Bruno Senna. This is already already a dramatic day. So we're going to see Yuri Hendris Tadia Danforth in the semifinal on one side of the bracket at Rouso. Carlos Pedto Oliver has secured his spot in the semi. He'll face the winner of this match between Bruno and Jaylen. coming into this match just about halfway through it. Still 000, but Jaylen does have one advantage. [Music] Jaylen was promoted to black belt by five-time pan champion Ruben Scoria Charles. does a lot of training with Cobrin and Kennedy out in LA. [Applause] Bruno is representing team the match champ. Medic referee's calling for a medic. Appear that Jaylen is bleeding perhaps on his forehead or from his eye. So that means that Jaylen is going to be the recipient of a massive head wrap. Looks like there's a decent amount of blood on the gauze of the medic. a little harder. Use your legs. So, while Jaylen's cut is being addressed, we will move back over to mat 6 where we've got a light featherweight quarterfinal between Jordan Viceman and Showya Ishiguro. Yesterday, Jordan Viceman when he took the mat for the first time to compete for his shot on day two of Pans was so excited then he was so amped up even behind the commentary table. I think he might have slapped us both on the back just how excited he was walking past us to to to compete here at the pans. This is a really good matchup. Jordan, really good competitor training out of Art of Jiu-Jitsu. And Showya had an amazing run at the Europeans, took second at Light Feather, showed off some really incredible skills in that tournament. He competed yesterday, won his match via choke from the back and was very dominant in his victory. The level of competitors all around the world is rising. And show you Ishiguro is one of those competitors. You're right. We saw him at Europeans and it was a very impressive performance. Now he's here back. Tough match up in Jordan Viceman, but you don't get second at Europeans on a fluke. Showya continuing to put this pressure forward. Looks like he's trying to find an opportunity to possibly lift this leg out of the way. Maybe get his left arm back around so that it's in front so he can get a strong lift out of it. Kind of an awkward position for Jordan to defend as well. Not a lot of strength in that right leg. Jordan trying to make sure that Showya can't grab his collar with his right hand. It's going twoon-one on that that right arm of Shya. [Applause] Magical. Magical. [Applause] This last lasso of Jordan Bison proving to be a little bit of a problem for Ishiburo right [Applause] now. Our quarterfinalists for this light featherweight division are of course Jordan and Choya, Zack Kina and Diego Hace, Harrison Gabriel and Malachi Edmond and Frank Sis Pettis and Marcos Gomez. Jordan having a strong right hand grip on that sleeve. Even this very simple just delever with the left leg, sleeve with the right grip, it continues to prove to be a very difficult thing to stop, a very difficult thing to deal with as a top competitor. And now Jordan switching to the lapel grip and back to the collar. [Applause] I'll show you back trying to pass around to the right side. A lot of pressure. Jordan's doing a good job with that right leg putting it on Choya's bicep. Trying to keep some distance and keep showy from making grips closer to his head. [Applause] [Music] Still zero zero across the board so far. Showya has been attempting to pass. Not a lot of offensive movements thus far by Jordan Viceman. That's one of the benefits of the of the time limit being 10 minutes at Blackput is you have a a great deal of time as a competitor to feel out your opponent to figure out their patterns and how they how they feel passing, how they feel in their guard. So you can start to formulate a game plan and adjust on the fly. You see Showya has deep grip with that right hand in this double [Applause] under. Jordan, as we mentioned, is competing out of Art of Jiu-Jitsu. Showya competing out of Carpey DM in Japan. [Applause] Oh, now this is a better opportunity for Showy. At least it seems. Jordan having to let go of certain grips and react much more this pass attempt. But Jordan keeps on bringing this right foot over the top if you notice. And he he hooks it underneath the armpit. This is a common way that he has been defending the passes. I'll show you Ishiguro. Check it out. [Music] Such a tight match. It's like a battle for not even inches, more like centimeters here with Jordan Viceman. Show you Ishig girl. It's one of those matches where it's somebody with a really good passing game meets somebody with a really good guard game and they just sort of cancel each other out. At least for now. But another thing about both these competitors is that they're incredibly versatile. So when it comes down to it, whenever they need to make something happen, they're both competitors who are capable of that. Going for a triangle. Showya throwing that left leg over the hip, crossing his legs. That's a good defense there for Showya. Slips his head out. That will likely be enough for an advantage. At least I would think. The closest thing. Oh, look at this though. Show you might turn this into a knee bar. That's going to be two for Jordan Viceman. Show's got a really strong knee bar. [Applause] Jordan currently leads two nothing with that sweep. Show you now in the single leg X. [Applause] show not only has a really tough guard to pass, also has some really good sweeps. Here he comes up trying to sweep Jordan Viceman even up the score. And that's going to be two points for Showya. So now we're back square. This is a very tense position for Showya's knee to be in to defend the sweep. Jordan makes back the two. Showya trying to stand up and there's a great scores right back and in doing that he puts himself right back in a passing position. Danny, I hate to be a judge on this one. This has been back and forth. Very evenly matched. Very evenly matched. Oh, but look at this. Jordan Viceman might have one more attack in his sleeve. That's an advantage. Jordan Viceman used that Kamura attack to take the lead. Now Showy Ishiguro is going to turn up the heat. Try to earn back an advantage. 15 seconds. Shows him some drop back on a foot lock. Jordan clears his foot and that was an advantage for Jordan Viceman. And that's going to do it here in the light featherweight [Music] quarterfinal. Jordan Viceman uses that late Camora attempt to secure the lead. Murphy's going to call back that second advantage given to Jordan Viceman for nearly coming up on the sweep as Shia dipped back for that foot lock. What a fight. Very, very technical battle I would say. Let's take a look at a replay. We watch some of this action. The triangle. Almost locked up the triangle. Really nice defense there by Showya throwing his left leg over the hip, crossing the legs. And it looked as though Showya might have had a knee bar here, Danny, which would have been huge. But Jordan reacts, turns it into more of a single leg X position. These were just both these guys were just trading sweeps back and forth. It was a very even fight. Jordan Viceman found that Kimora there at the end to secure the victory as you can see right there. And now we have Diego, Baby Shark, Hayes, and Zack Kina. Zack tries to jump into it looks like a triangle now in a single single leg X position. Too hay took gold at the 2025 Europeans. Zack Kina won his first black belt measure title at the 2024 World No Geek. [Applause] Meli Galva in the corner of Diego Hayes and G Mendes in the corner of Zack Kina. This is Zach's first match of the event. Diego competed yesterday, won via submission, took his opponents back and finished with a choke. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Lasso sweep attempt by Diego. Zack breaks that grip trying to find an opportunity from the outside to get this pass going. Last time Zach and Dio fought was at the 2023 IBJF Pans where Diego won the semi-final by advantage in a really close [Applause] match. We made mention of it yesterday, Danny, how stacked this division is becoming. Both these competitors are certainly products of that competitive nature of the light featherweight division. [Applause] Looks like he's trying to sit up almost into like a single leg position. He's got a deep under hook. Really solid sweeping position. You can see Ge Mendes Hall of Famer on your left coaching his student Zack Kina. This looks like a pretty solid position for Diego and he's he's being patient with it as well, understanding he has a leg wrapped up in his legs as you can see right there. that his right leg has the ankle encapsulated so he can get up and spin underneath. Beautiful sweep by Diego Hayes. That's going to be two points. Now Diego is going to look to put the pressure on Zack Kina. Zack has the arm. He's trying to turn into an arm bar. Diego Hayes moves around. Look at this. [Applause] So, two points for Diego Hayes. scored via a sweep on Zack Kina. And now we're back to the standing position. Double sit once again. This time actually it was a proper double set. Last time Zach sat a little bit late. It's going to be an advantage for Diego now. [Music] [Applause] J trying to pin Zach's left leg to the mat. Zach doing a good job recovering a better position. [Applause] Diego dipping looking for opportunities from the outside to dive for head control. Now Zach kind of intelligently grabs the lapel. Zach is so dynamic with his guard very much so. can be effective with a variety of grips and leg positionings. Right now, like you said, Jake, using that lapel, that's going to make things pretty pretty tough for Dogo to to deal with. Trapping your opponent by their own ghee is a very effective way of maintain. We saw that yesterday with Terrick Hopstock. how Trick was able to just throw a foot in the lapel and stop so many of the competitors he would fight so many of their pass attempts just by a simple foot in the lapel it really is I mean competitors who have dealt with it probably think it's incredibly annoying because it can be but it's stifling for the pass attempt and somebody like Dio who's a dynamic passer it's very intelligent for Zack Kina to throw the lapel b his time get himself some time to think about how he's going to set up a sweep attempt both of the competitors on the screen right now are world class and the level is so high. That's why Diego is forced to be patient in these situations. Zack kind of might come up, might have come up for a sweep there momentarily, but now Die Diego is fighting for this leg drag. Zach able to bring that left leg to the center now in more of a 50/50 position. He's going to come up. Two points for Zack Kina. Now, here's the tricky thing. He has to disengage this 50/50. He's got just a little under four minutes to make back this advantage. We did see a lot of penalties for inactivity in the 50/50 [Applause] yesterday. So, I'm sure Diego and Zach are going to try to stay active to avoid that. They don't have any penalties yet, but Diego is going to try to come up. There he goes. Two more points for Diego Hace. [Music] [Applause] Looks as though Diego is trying to correct his hips to threaten a knee bar. [Applause] Last year's light featherweight champion here at the pans was Diego Pau. He moved up to featherweight this year. We're going to see him coming up shortly. [Applause] He'll be on mat five around 10:51 local time. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] So yoga gets another sweep. They're going back and forth with their sweeps. Zack comes back on top. He'll score again. 66. One advantage lead for Diego Hayes. Tough spot for Zack Kina. He's got to disengage his 50/50, but Diego purposefully grabbing the knee and keeping his elbow over the top of Zakina's leg so he can't get that left leg back around in order to create some sort of a pass attempt. [Applause] [Music] Coming up on the one minute mark, it's a light featherweight quarterfinal. My apologies, Jake. Just going to say every time these two have a match together, it seems like it comes down to one advantage. [Applause] Two points for Diego. [Applause] Zack trying to arch this foot lock. See if he can't put a convincing enough effort for an advantage. Maybe two more points for Zack Kina. But with 10 seconds [Applause] left going to have to find a way to get an advantage. That's going to be tough with the amount of time left. Diego keeps his foot safe from any sort of a toe hold attempt. And that is going to put Zack or Diego rather. It's going to put him to the next round. [Applause] So, we're going to get a replay of some of the action from this light featherweight quarterfinal between Diego Hayes and Zack Kina. Diego takes it by one advantage. Great back and forth effort between Zack Kina and Diego Hayes. Take a look at a replay of some of the finer moments of the match. Diego gets his beautiful sweep. I believe that was the first scoring exchange of the match. This is him. Looked like he even maybe thought about the idea of going for a flying arm bar. And then this was the tale of the rest of the match was just sweeping back and forth from the 50-50 position. It was so difficult for Zach to find an opportunity to get that other advantage that was desperately needed to at least tie the score. But Yo stayed intelligent and aware of how important that advantage was and was just able to edge it out by an advantage. move on to the next round of the semi-final. Ladies and gentlemen, coming up on Friday, April 18th, it is the matchup that the jiu-jitsu world has been waiting for. Kynan Dar will take on Nikki Rodriguez. That's going to be April 18th only on Flowgrappling. Get your tickets and sign up at flowgrappling.com/signup so you can watch it live. Ken Dwar, Nick Rodriguez, April 18th. And ladies and gentlemen, with that we will go to a break. We'll be back. Don't go anywhere. This is flow graph. [Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] Sh. Hey. Hey. [Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] Sh. Sh. [Music] shadow. Sh. [Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] Hey, hey, hey, hey. [Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] Sh. Hey. Hey. [Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] Ladies and gentlemen, we're back at the Silver Spurs Arena in CM, Florida for the IBJF Pan Championship. We're going to head right down to the action where Diego Pau has taken the mat. I am Jake Watson joined by Danny O'Donnell. Danny, talk us through this match up here on Matt 5. Over on Matt 5, we got Diego Pau. Gabriel Emarim. Diego Pau won the 2025 Europeans in the featherweight division. Won the pans last year as a light feather, but he's sticking with featherweight so far in 2025. He is in the closed guard. And we're looks like Gabriel is leading by one advantage. Gabriel went for a tow hold earlier that forced PTO to roll and I believe that was what earned him the advantage. Gabriel had one match yesterday. Finished with a rear naked choke. PO al also finished with a choke from the back. Both Gabriel and Pau starting things off with a bang yesterday here in the featherweight division. Five. Pa won the pans last year as we mentioned in the light featherweight division. Also won in 2021. He's looking for title number three. [Applause] Now PO in a normal platada [Applause] keeping that left hand in the collar grip to control Gabriel's posture now. Climbing his hands up to the hips. He's going to turn this into a sweep. It looks like Danny could stay on it and try to turn this into a real submission attempt. [Music] He might opt to let go of that left leg and step around. Yep, there it is. Nice job defending by Gabriel. Uses that right knee to create some space. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] two-point lead. Gabriel now looking once again for this little bit of a shallow toll hold. [Applause] [Music] Winner of this featherweight quarterfinal goes on to take on the winner of Ismael Santos of GF team and Isaac Dodeline of Alliance. [Applause] They reset PO. [Music] on top. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Gabriel, single leg X. We've seen a lot of people today from this position, Danny, use the single leg X wrap up foot locks and seen kind of a return of a lot of competitors going for a straight ankle lock. For a while, I feel like we didn't see a lot of people go for it. Now, we're seeing it all the time again. Looks like Gabriel is going to get back those two points and retain his lead. I think so. I think so. Thus far, very close fight as we near the halfway point. And as I say that, PTO trying to take the back. Gabriel putting his shoulders on the mat. That's going to make it hard for Pau to get the back. But P's using that left grip. Yeah, try to keep exposing the back, lifting with it. That left grip so important, Danny. That is what gave him those two points. And it's about to give him four more. Now, even if PO has to relinquish to go to close guard, he's up six points. Looks like he's Looks like he was going to try to come up into the mount. Gabrielle reestablishes that closed guard. But man, what a mountain to climb. Suddenly went from having a narrow lead to having a deep deficit. See the coach in the corner of Gabriel Amaring. No coach in the corner of Diego Pau as there are two AOJ athletes going at the same time right now. one. Kolabate versus Sam on the guy. That's going to be over on mat six. We're going to head over to that mat for another fe featherweight quarterfinal. This is certainly not a match up you want to miss. Sam Nai versus Cole Abate is one of the most talked about matchups upcoming in this tournament. Rematch from the Austin Open happened recently. Cole won that one on points. Both competitors going to receive penalties if competitors sit down at the exact same time. You'll see the referee look at his watch. They have a 20 second timer to either take top position or to become aggressive in attacking a submission or a sweep. Well, I guess not a sweep, but a submission at the very least. If they don't, both will come up. Sorry about that, Danny. If they don't, both will come up and receive penalties a piece. What were you going to say? Cole's looking for his first major black belt title in the ghee. Won the Nogie pans in the NOI Worlds in 2024. Sam is a 2023 world champion. And his best finish at the Pans came in 2020 when he took Bronze. Getting warmed up behind us, his older brother Jackson, the guy, 2024 middleweight world champion. [Applause] Cole defeated Sebastian Serpa yesterday via points. Sammy Guy won via choke. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Looks as though Sam Ngai is wearing Matteos Scapelo's ghee. Did you notice that? Yes. Do a lot of training together at Innovate. Yeah. Their gym in Texas. I just noticed the ghee. [Applause] Two points for Kabate. [Applause] [Music] Sam's going with double pank grips now. He's going to come right back up. [Applause] Back up. [Music] [Applause] See, I'm trying to reestablish a top position, but continually getting knocked off balance by this left foot that Cole has in play here directly under the leg. You can see it right there. [Applause] Co trying to stay on top of those pancrips by Sam Guai making that [Applause] hard. It's tough spot to be as Sam Guai is able to come up on top. Who will have to reestablish his grips? Neither one of them seem to want to allow the other competitor to get on top in this position. [Applause] Sam trying to pummel that left leg inside. Co doing a good job with that right [Applause] foot. Hey, [Applause] [Music] [Applause] just nearing the halfway point of this match. Little has changed here between Kolaate and Sam Nagai. Two competitors capable of pretty extreme dynamic jiu-jitsu. But as you mentioned, Danny, they had a matchup recently. Probably gathered a lot of intel on each other. Referee's going to give them both another penalty. That match was very close as well. [Applause] Over on over on Matt 5, Diego Pau just had a victory, so he'll move on to the featherweight semiinal. [Applause] [Music] Looks like we're going to have Pau and Isaac Dodder line in the semi. [Applause] Winner of this match between Cole and Sam guys can take on Marco Mendes. Now Cole is the one who gets top position and that's going to be two points for Cole. Sits back once again. [Applause] [Music] Looks like it's going to be another match that comes down to the wire. If things continue how they have been going in this match, then absolutely. I now understand why neither competitor wants to let the other one up. There's trading points back and forth in this position. [Applause] Now Sam, two points once again. Now it's it's completely evened up if Sam retains top position. And it's hard to tell which way the pendulum swings in terms of ref decision. So this next 3 minutes and 20 seconds is incredibly important. [Applause] going to reset them back in the middle. [Applause] For those of you following along on the single streams at home, you can see that on mats five and six, we have two Nagai brothers, both Jackson and Sam Nagai. Both world champions as well. Sam controlling that right sleeve of Cole. Has an interesting grip with his right hand in between his legs, controlling Cole's left leg. Very interesting. Cole able to get under the other leg while holding the sleeve with his right hand. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Momentarily Cole gets up. pant and sleeve grips for Kolabate. Sammy Nai just goes to show the level of respect these two have for each other other's games as well that the match is this close and they have that much understanding of the the danger that each competitor brings. Now it's opened up a little bit. completely tied up with less than two minutes to go. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Sam has his left knee forward. Oh, going twoon one on that grip on the collar. One minute left, four points a piece, one advantage, and two penalties. We're all tied up in this featherweight quarterfinal between Kabate, Sam Guai. [Music] [Applause] Feeding the lapel. Sean with his left elbow keeping his elbow pressed against that shin. the right chin of Kolaate. So he can't use the Kg guard and invert and get a sweep here at the very end. 30 seconds. It's an interesting fight, Danny, because how do you score it? [Applause] Both swept twice. It's one of the It's one of those referees decision that there is going to be somebody's going to be upset, but it's all going to come down to that as we find out will it be Sam Nagai or Kabate moving on to the next round. Both competitors seem confident that they did enough to get it done. [Music] Cole won the first one on points, but this one will come down to decision. [Applause] And here we go. [Applause] And they're going to give it to Kabate in the United States of America. Team AOJ is going to move past Sam Nagai. Cole gets the win. He'll face Marco Mendes in the semifinal. Wow, that was a close one. Again, somebody's going to be disappointed in a decision that close. But all of the referees saw it the same way. And now let's take it over to the other Nagai brother as he takes on Matos Moray. Jackson guy, the 2024 pan lightweight champion. taking on Matas Marise of Brasa CTA. Jackson representing Czechmat. After Jackson won his lightweight pan title, went to the worlds, moved up to middleweight, won his first IBJF black belt world title at middle. This year, he said he wants to go down to the lightweight division for the worlds. But first things first, trying to win his second straight pan title. Jackson's currently up by one advantage. So, a little over four four minutes left in this match. [Music] [Applause] Jackson slowing the pace down just a little bit. Has this one advantage lead and we've seen how much a one advantage lead at this level. How big a lead that can actually be. [Applause] Now into the 50/50 position. [Applause] Oh, Jackson Mite ate a foot to the face just now. [Applause] There's one eyes trying to get underneath that leg. Possibly turn it into 50/50. This could be a great opportunity for him to sweep. [Applause] T looks like he's going to try to wrap up the ankle lock grip. Feeds his lapel to his right hand. Now trying to spin the other way. Maybe go belly down. [Music] That might be enough to net an advantage. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Can't see if Jackson's foot is completely flat on the mat, but looks like he's at least close to that position. It would seem that he's pretty much out of danger from the foot lock. So, it must just not have been enough in the eyes of referee Daniel Rande to warrant an advantage. Nonetheless, got a minute left. Jackson, a guy continuing to try to put methodical pressure, maintain this one advantage lead. [Applause] Coming up next on map five, we got February Christian Julio. Winner of that match will take on the winner of Jackson and Matteas. [Applause] Johnson trying to use more pressure. Stay heavy on that left leg. [Applause] [Music] Looks like Matteas Morise will get the advantage for that straight ankle lock attempt. This was going to come down to decision. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] And it looks as though Jackson Aai is going to be the one to take it. Damen Dande seems to think went to Matteos Modi. Close match. Great effort by Matteos there at the end to get that foot lock. Jackson a great show of sportsmanship in both victory and defeat. We'll head over to the other Matt Danny. Over on mat 6, we got Leonardo Souza, your 2025 European lightweight champion, taking on Alexandre De Jesus. Believe Alexandre scored his two points with a takedown. Leonardo Souza looking on this looking for this arm lock. Has the arm straight. It's one of those armlock orientations that you can turn into a conventional arm by throwing that left leg around. See the competitors have seen Diego Pto do stuff like that. Miko [Applause] Alexandre clears the arm lock [Applause] danger. Alexand Alex Alandre had an amazing day yesterday. Two fights, two submissions to get to this quarterfinal. Leonardo Soua won his match on points. [Applause] Leonardo Sza, I don't know if you had mentioned this yet, Danny, but saw him at the European Championship. Incredible performance there. Four fights, four submissions in Lisbon. Come from behind submission in the final. and he's had good results in competition at black belt before, but that was definitely his best performance to date. Look at this. Having to defend the pass momentarily. Advantage given for Alesandre. [Applause] Less than four minutes left. Leonardo Soua trailing Alexandre De Jesus by two points and an advantage. [Applause] by Shand trying to put the pressure forward with that knee cut. Just a little over three minutes. [Applause] Coming up next on Mat 6, Matt Gabriel, Natam Chuang. [Applause] Deleiva position now for Leonardo Souza. [Applause] using that de la Heiva and farside sleeve control. We've seen a bit today in the quarterfinals. [Applause] One thing we've seen about Leonardo is that he is able to make things happen. There's like big motions like that out outside of the area in which he could score, but that's going to give him an advantage. But like you said, Jake, he has shown he has the ability to change the pace and the outcome of a match in a split second. [Music] [Applause] Referee is listening in. two points. I don't remember the discrepancy that was between Leonardo Sza and his other finalist in the European Championship, but I know that it was bigger than this and he was able to make quite a comeback with I believe the same amount of time remaining. We'll see if he can put that together here with a minute and 30 to go. while de Jesuit has looked hard to make any point exchange happen [Applause] on pulls guard. This is where most of the match is taking place. Alexandre on top, Leonardo Soua on bottom. Had the one straight armlock attempt. some good sweep attempts. [Applause] But now with less than 50 seconds left, he's going to have to make something happen pretty soon here. [Applause] Bernardo really trying to get to work, getting aggressive. Doesn't have a whole lot of time. He is under the leg. He's going to try to get up on this sweep. [Applause] seconds for Leonardo Soua to try to score two points, tie this match up. [Applause] So far he's opted to try to score those points via sweep and his pole guard. Now looking for drop [Applause] Sonaggi 10 seconds. That's going to do it. Alexandre De Jesus advances over Leonardo Soua. He'll be in the lightweight semifinal. He'll take on the winner of Natanching Matas Gabriel which is going to be coming up next here on Matt 6. [Applause] So, let's take a look at this replay. Danny, talk us through his points. So, it was taked down. Looks like it started early in the match. Most of the match was Alexandre leading by two points. So, yeah, that was about a minute and a half in. Alexandre gets the taked down, secures two points. Here we see Leonardo Souza trying to come up on top for a sweep. Almost gets it, but they went out of bounds. And Alexandre De Jesus advances to the semi-final, the lightweight division. [Applause] Now, this matchup coming up between in the blue ghee, Matos Gabrielle, IBJJF world champion, and Natan Changang in the white ghee. Danny, this matchup is very it's a very interesting matchup. Yeah, Mattes Gabriel and Naton have fought before. I believe it was the 2021 Brasilo. It was really close and then Mattease ended up finishing it with an arbar. Maton always fired up for every match. Mat Capri, I'd say a very charismatic competitor. returning to competition in a big way after having to be sidelined for some injuries. Yeah, had an injury going into the 2023 World Championships. Reagravated and made that injury worse while while competing at that event. took over a year off, came back at the end of 2024, did a few open events, and looked incredible. Almost all submissions in his matches, and it was all gold medals. Natan has been really, really active in that time. Took second here at the Pans last year. Lost the lightweight final to Jackson guy. So, let's head head on over to mat five where we have Jaylen Fenosier, Carlos Petta, Olivivera. We'll get back over to match six when that match starts, [Applause] which conveniently is exactly right now. But we're gonna stay with for a second as he tries to pass the guard of [Applause] betto. And we're going back to number six. Here we are. Gabrielle sits guard at the same time as Naton. This is flow zone. This is another lightweight quarterfinal. Baton heavily bandaged right hand. They're going to reset them both back on the feet. Penalty a piece. [Applause] won his match yesterday, his qualifier via points. Matase Gabriel won via choke from the back. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] So, as we mentioned, this is a a quarterfinal, but we are already into our semiis over on Matt 5. Jaylen Fasier and Carlos Petta Olivivera are in the Roosterweight semi-final. We're going to have a lot more semi-finals coming your way once this lightweight quarterfinal wraps up. [Music] [Applause] So, two penalties, one advantage a piece for Mattes Gabriel Natanche Wuang. [Applause] Referee does see that that's a double sit again. Looked like Matteo sat a little bit sooner. Maton in the top position. [Applause] Tas has a really really good and dangerous Dehiva trying to spin underneath. [Applause] T has a grip on the belt. and on Natan's right leg near the ankle. One thing Matteos does really well is throw that deleiva really deep all the way to the back leg as you can see right there. Trying to hook that back leg to turn, find the angle and turn it into a sweep as you see right there. Two points Matteos Scapel. Yeah, Tom looked like he didn't want to expose his back so kind of conceded the sweep. He's in a good position here. single leg [Applause] X. The last time they fought at the 2021 Brasileros in the semi. A lot of the match took place right in this position with Nan Chuang on bottom in the single leg X. This is where Matase Gabriel was able to set up an arm bar on the right arm of Natan. [Applause] Oh, now Natan trying to get up for a sweep. Has to sit back and concede. Loses the leg. Gabrielle in terms of advantages trailing by one up by two points. Gabillo Santana coaching Natan Chuang who's representing Unity Jiu-Jitsu. [Applause] T is controlling that right sleeve grip of Natan. Oh, look at this leg drag. Matteos Gabrielle in a good passing position now. Really good position for Matteas Gabriel controlling that collar with his left hand. Pinning the leg to the mat with his right walking towards Zan's head. It's just the right leg of Natan Chuang or the left leg rather in play right now. Teaos has a nice cross face with that left [Applause] hand circle all the way around and there he goes to close to the guard pass. Natan trying to work his way up to his knees. Wow, what a recovery by Natan Jouer. Goodness, that's a never die attitude. It was almost surely going to be a guard pass. Natan made some space, got up to his knees, holds Matteas off. He will score an [Applause] advantage now. That is actually going to be three points. It did seem like Matteos Gabrielle was able to secure that pass. Francisco Low in the corner of Matteas Gabriel Czechmat teammate coaching him. So the referee signal to his earpiece. That sequence was reviewed and it was determined that Matteas Gabriel did hold the position long enough to earn the three points for the guard pass. [Applause] On map five, it appears that there was a big upset win as Jaylen Fosier takes it over Betto Lea. He'll be in the [Applause] final here in the quarterfinals. We are in mat six, blue ghee, Matteos Gabrielle, white ghee, Natan Chuang, five to zero in favor of Matteos Gabrielle. [Applause] T's driving that right knee forward. [Applause] [Music] Latan using that lapel grip fed between excuse me under Matas's leg trying to create some better control. We've got another incredible match coming up on map five. Isaac Dodline taking on Diego Pau. That's a featherweight semiinal. [Music] Ta Gabriel leading Naton by five points. Swept to score the first two and then pass the guard. now engaged in on the pass once again. Gabrielle looks like he might pass the guard one more time. Danny exposes the back. [Music] Trying to roll out of it, but Matteas, he's going to get the back. Looked like he had two hooks for the moment. Now comes up into the mount. And look at the ability to recover by Natan Chuang. Natan Chuang has been in some positions where it looked like he was going to be pinned or his back taken and he's been able to scramble and get out of him. Super impressive stuff from Naton Chuang. So let's head over to mat five where we got Isaac Dodeline and Diego Pau. [Applause] This is a featherweight semifinal. [Applause] [Music] The other semi featherweight semi-final is going to be Kabate, Marco Mendes. [Applause] A battle between two IBJJF Black World Champions. Isaac won gold in the featherweight division at the Worlds in 2022. He's taken third at the Pans three times, 2019, 21, and 24. Pau, of course, a twotime pan champion. one in 2021 and then one last year in the light featherweight division. Isaac, the possessor of a deadly straight ankle lock. It looks like he's trying to set the grip on