Kind: captions Language: en competing when you are the main event, the main attraction on stage and impressive to see just how much jiu-jitsu they can do with that much pressure. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Not just that, it's it's also the bright lights. Like they really are on a stage and if you're not used to it, they definitely something that can affect you affect your judgment, but to be able to keep a clear mind and to be able to perform under the bright lights and still be technical and still be efficient and still have the wherewithal to not give up points, to not give up position. Uh very very very uh impressed with these guys. We will be right back with our next match after this break. Coming up next is Leandro Hanow versus Leonardo Santos. That's up after this break. Kings SPOTTING FUTURE HIS LAW FIGHTER'S CHOICE IDOL BELLS SPORTS institute instead KINGS. SIDE BAG. SO, IRON BELTS. LOTUS SCOOBY LEANDRO Hon &gt;&gt; representing Lotus Club. Leandro Honj making his walk to the mat right now. Uh he will be taking on Leonardo Santos. Hon very dangerous loop choker. Excited to see what he can come up with. &gt;&gt; He's been very active this year. He's got uh 18 matches from what I saw. Seven subs, four of them put locks. Busy, busy guy looking to end out the year strong. Welcome Representing Alliance Rio, Leonardo Santos, the rookie black belt. He received his black belt on the podium this year after winning world as a brown belt looking to take on the veteran in Leandro Herni. &gt;&gt; And it's always interesting when you see these rookie black belts coming out. They're getting younger. They're getting uh you know the experience needed and they're having breakout years. This is a great opportunity for them. Leo Santos in the blue here. Uh, still young in his 20s, very early in his black belt. Honed 30 yesterday, so there is a little bit of a difference in age and experience here. And I'm very interested in seeing how experience plays a factor in this matchup. Wow, it's already looking pretty good for him. Even though you're seeing Santos &gt;&gt; really trying to push a pace here in his guard, getting active with his legs, trying to get good grips. &gt;&gt; Santos is very effective if he can control one sleeve and one pant leg. He has a ton of sweeping opportunities from there. Also really dangerous if he if he can settle into close guard. You'll see Hanj taking a really kind of tight positioning trying to prevent that closed guard. and establishing some passing threats early on here. Gets that cross grip and he's looking for a pant grip. This is one of his most effective sweeping positions. We got a key master, modified key master here. Su is looking to come up, but gives an angle for Han to start his passing opportunity. &gt;&gt; And again, that's that experience coming in for for now. &gt;&gt; One thing about Santos is early on in his black belt career, he has a tremendous scoreboard discipline. He knows when he needs to score. He know he knows when he needs to prevent. He knows exactly the moment where he has to get up to his feet in order to stop the score from coming on. &gt;&gt; Big throw attempt here from Santos, but nothing doing. And now goes to pull guard. Santos immediately getting dynamic. There's that youth. You see him trying to explode past the guard. &gt;&gt; Generally, Santos does a very good job of not getting caught in middle range. He'll pass from the outside until the moment where he has the angle to get in nice and tight. He doesn't like to play in the middle. He'll either use his speed and explosiveness to get close or he'll stay very tight and force half guard. &gt;&gt; The young man's game. Excuse that that explosiveness, that athleticism. Get past. Got a passivity penalty coming in the way of Santos. He starts engaging a little little closer. Now we're looking again side to side passing here. Page though on a leg. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; He's wrestled up attacking the leg. A great double threat there first to threat in the sweep and then sitting back on the foot lock. &gt;&gt; Picks up a couple of advantages for that effort. and he does get the delayed two points there for the sweep as well for coming on top. But now just so good with those two weapons specifically the the loop choke which we haven't seen much of yet. Santos has done a really good job of clearing clearing grips, but that foot lock the moment it falls in his lap, he starts ripping on it. &gt;&gt; And I mean, he was looking for an angle right away. And you kind of always see him kind of feeling for it, too. &gt;&gt; Santos with a good recovery there. Good angle here from Santos adjusted his grips. Now he's doing a very good job of keeping his low his base low. Santos is most dangerous when he has pancrips or when he has closed guard. With that low base like that, it's making him reach and put himself into positions like this where he's now in on a a tighter passing threat than he's seen thus far. &gt;&gt; Way to capitalize on some desperation there. Santos just trying really hard to pull Hernage over the top and Hernage it to nearly pass. We'll see what the referees decide here on the score. &gt;&gt; Uhoh. And now with the collar grip and hand and chest to back connection, there's a another kind of double threat coming up here. &gt;&gt; Santos trying to break that grip around his neck. &gt;&gt; Does a good job getting the grip the grip out of the hand, but the back is still exposed. And equally as important, time winding down with now really on the offensive now &gt;&gt; on the offensive up two points in a good position. Just those are veteran moves that we're seeing. Definitely veteran moves. And with 20 seconds on the clock, this deep halfguard position should seal the deal. Got the crossace. He's got the hip connection. But now content to watch the clock wind down. Might transition off here for a Kamura attempt. Veterans demonstrated by Lotus Club's Leonardo Honj. He Leandro Honji. He will take the win here over Leonardo Santos. Andrew &gt;&gt; Leandro Hon gets his hand raised. He takes the win. Really impressive performance there. And exactly as you said, Manny, a display of vetery. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh definitely you could see that that that's what the difference was. He he made the right choices at the right time. We'll take a look at some of the best moments here. &gt;&gt; Santos opened this up with a little bit of a flurry. Really using his his youth, his energy, and putting on a good display of passing here, but as Hunage drops back for this foot lock, it seems like the momentum of the match swayed a little bit. This foot lock to finish the match, but enough to steal some of the momentum, put himself in a top position to score and then a passing position to start really uh improving on his lead. And also I think once once that attack happened, it also put him in a good headsp space and and definitely put Santos on the defensive and once he was on the defensive, it was just a different game. &gt;&gt; A couple of really clean near passes here. Wasn't able to settle the position, but that backst step and some of these rolling attacks into this this back choke, for example, look uh just really polished. That grip was in a lot tighter than I thought it was originally. And Santos was able to break that grip and at least make it to the end. &gt;&gt; We're going to hear from the winner here, Leandro Han. Andrew as Foreign speech. Foreign speech. Foreign speech. Blinders. That's Hey, Leandro Horn. Leandro Hon gets his trophy. Coming up next on BJ Stars 18, we will see Luis Canera versus Garm Austo. That'll be after this break. We will be right back. I don't Ouch. Heat. KO SPORTS FERNANDO. Luis Fernando Canterero making his walk to the mat now. Uh he took double gold earlier this year at the European representing Fra. Now this will be his fourth match with Geremy Austo. He he uh owns the the two of that two to one differential here. &gt;&gt; I love rematches. ANY representing Alliance, Gar Austo making his walk to the mat. Uh, as we said, Kazera has a 2 to1 lead in their history so far, but Austoto has the only submission in that trilogy, looking to settle the score tonight against the Fra's representative. That's the best part about being so active in competition. You have those opportunities. You're seeing the same people over and over again, but you're always evolving. You're always getting better. Everything you ever encounters, Canera has pulled guard right away. He says he wants to wrestle with Austoto in this matchup. Let's see if he sticks to his word. Austoto in the white. Canera in the black. So far, nope. Maybe he felt something in the grips that he didn't like. But Contrera going back to the game that has worked so well for him so far throughout this season and in his trilogy with Giam Augusta. &gt;&gt; And he's had a very active season right now. Now he's really fighting to get his hips back in the game. And that's the thing about these big guys now. They're definitely a lot more mobile, a lot better guards, good elevation there. Lots of dynamic movement from Moso to get to the side and gets Canera back to his feet. We're going to reset there. Watch for this seonagi attempt from Austo. He doesn't like to go over the head so much as right off to the corner. So he'd be looking towards his left side to hit this throw. But Ker wants onto that. Pulls this time to closed guard. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he definitely learned his lesson. Pulled to close. Looking for that lapel grip. &gt;&gt; Argosto is a big guy. He does such a good job of being agile, especially in those passing attempts. He gets his head and his chest forward and he lets his legs do all the work. &gt;&gt; Great little sweep attempt there. Not able Oh, you got it. Does come up with it. Big effort tacks on an advantage to the scoreboard and Contrera takes an early lead here. That was an excellent sweep attempt. Has to be reassuring too as Contrera to know, okay, we have a solution here for this guy's pressure because Austo does have some of the best pressure passing in the game. as we reset. I'm curious to see if Kab is going to go back to the well here. Look for another pull to close guard. I imagine he will. I just think it's it's a smart strategy on his behalf. Definitely the more as a big guy you can put your legs to work and give your uh arms a little bit of a rest, I think the better off you are the longer the match goes. &gt;&gt; Conera too has a lot of pride in his guard during some of the uh the pre-match uh press conferences here. Oh, we do see some wrestling from &gt;&gt; Coner. But Aosa was saying in the one submission he has the one win he has over Canera it was Kamura from side controler made sure to say no no no it wasn't from side control you got half guard &gt;&gt; so very very proud of his guard said you cannot pass my you can submit me but you're not passing my guard And we'll see Conera work again from this closed guard that has been the most effective uh part of his game in this match so far. I go now a little bit more cautious about standing up. once was again looking for that overhead sweep. &gt;&gt; He's just really good about balancing from his close guard even with a big guy with a good base. &gt;&gt; Better now from Moses. Good job separating the hips and getting in to this passing scenario. Not out of the woods yet though as Conraer gets a leg and enters into the Xguard. &gt;&gt; Still just off balancing. He's going with it. Thought he was going to wrestle up there. A little bit of overextension though. And Austooto enters into the the hip fold here. The leg weave and with the crossace to boot has Contrera extended out now. And what a cross. &gt;&gt; Still deep in this leg drag, but he has to settle. He has to let it go and give the guard back to Canerrera. He does earn himself an advantage for that though to tie the score up at one advantage a piece. That's going to put more pressure on Canera here. &gt;&gt; And you can see him starting to breathe a little bit heavy. &gt;&gt; You see the referee looking on very closely. Important to to note again that BJ Stars asks their referees to be very aggressive with uh inactivity and stalling calls. &gt;&gt; One a piece here. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Yeah. We want action. They want action here. You got to be looking for something. You can't be holding. &gt;&gt; Good positional discipline now from Aroso to keep his elbows on the inside. He knows Canerrero wants to get back to that closed guard. He's not going to let it happen easily. Augusta doing everything he can to get rid of those grips, but it looks like Kerr's hand is glued to his feet. He really is putting a lot of pressure with his hip &gt;&gt; trying to get clear of that. Now that lasso on what would berera's right side is it's just close enough to a leg drag to make a goto want to hang hang on to that leg position but the sleeve grip is so much to deal with on that side that the arm is kind of restricted in motion. You can't really open the elbow too too much. Better angle for Augusta now though using his hip there to create that angle. Less than a minute now. Tie tied score and really anybody's ball game. I wouldn't want to leave this up to the judges. And we'll get another penalty a piece and stand them back up. It was just a really difficult position to try and advance to, especially after being elevated if you're a gusto after almost swept. And he he was really playing it safe for a reason. &gt;&gt; Some jiu-jitsu purists would say, "Let the stalemate happen. Let them figure out their way through the position." But as a spectator sport, I think we all want to see some positions are just stalemates. You know, we're &gt;&gt; we're trapped in this position. This could go on for an hour &gt;&gt; and better to let the jiu-jitsu happen in a different position if neither of us can have can get anything done here. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. And I do love the format. I do love that they the push for action. &gt;&gt; Sometimes a restart's what it takes. &gt;&gt; Scoreboard all tied up. 20 seconds left. Important to note here, I think that one more penalty in either direction would go down as a disqualification. So, both of these guys have to be minding their manners as the the match winds down. Germro once again pulling to nearly a closed guard. Seems to get a little flurry here from Aoso. We're going to go to decision on this one. It's a tricky one to call. No clear favorite. Both men had their moments in this matchup. &gt;&gt; The score is settled here and takes another win, bringing their history uh their their matchup history to two apiece. I mean, you hate to be a judge in those close matches just because it really is the slightest thing that's going to push you over the edge. Both men honoring Leandro Low. That is a cause that unites everybody in the sport of jiu-jitsu. And uh I wouldn't be surprised if they are not the only athletes to call attention to Leandra Low in tonight's event junior picky blinder. Let's take a look at some of the highlights from this matchup. Yeah, go. Fore! Foreign! Foreign! forch. Please. Never prepar Paulo, Michael, Black Armor. Linda, if you are joining us on the YouTube stream for BJ started 18. That is the end of our live preview. Uh go to flowgrappling.com to watch the rest of the event. We will be right back. Black coat. Mr. LION. ANDRES &gt;&gt; Andresel making her walk to the mat. She is the reigning 2025 IBJF silver medalist at black belt. She'll be taking on the rookie in Giovana Olivea. GIO and from Almeida Jiu-Jitsu, Giovana Olivera making her return to BJJ stars after winning uh the brown belt world championship. ships back earlier this year. She put on an impressive performance in her BJ Stars debut debut where she won via armlock from the stack pass. Uh Olivea generally a guard player so watching her passing game lead to a submission was quite the treat. &gt;&gt; Giovana Olivera in the black. Andreso Guro in the blue. Let's see. We got a double guard sit here. Right. Olive right on the foot lock. Looking for that angle. Uses it to stand up and takes the advantage for coming to the top position. Dural has a really strong spider guard. So interesting to see how Olivivera deals with the legs. She's doing a great job right now of stapling that one leg down to get that spider guard uh non-threatening. We got a stoppage here to reenter is doing a really good job staying diligent with that leg on her left side for now. making sure that both legs never have a mutual opportunity to stand on Oliver's arms and shoulders. Oliver is readjusting that grip. He's got a good angle there. big off balance here and looking for a triangle right off the bat. Alo doing a great job of keeping herself low. She spends a lot of time in the training room with IB Digit World Champion Bianca Basilio. Uh Bianca, one of the best lighterweight guard passers in the business. So I'm sure she spent a lot of time working on her pressure, developing her pressure with Beia and that whole team that Basilio and uh and her coach Almeida have put together just a stacked room of really tough pressure oriented women at the black belt level, especially in the featherweight, light featherweight categories. And we're seeing some of that pressure come out now in the game of Giovan Olivera. &gt;&gt; Definitely seeing the pressure. She got dress inverting. Now this is the uh the same position that she submitted Jessica Karolini from in her last appearance at BJS Star. This stack position, she's going to use it to secure the pass if she can keep her head low enough. &gt;&gt; Just she's got that chest connection. She's passed And the referees award the points for the guard pass. &gt;&gt; Now Oliver gets to work and advancing to the back. tomorrow. Patiently improving that grip. Wow, what a beautiful transition there. That triangle looks super tight. Yep. Very tight. Get a stretch on the arm. She still got plenty of time. Andress is doing a a good job of working her her posture here, but those legs are so high behind her head. This is a really tough kind of triangle to sneak out of. It &gt;&gt; seems like the position's getting worse for just improving, working both arms, attacking the near arm, kind of peeling the forearm, keeping the pressure on the triangle. This looks like last ditch effort from Madressa. You see her trying to use that knee to create a little bit of space, create a little angle, but it's just getting worse for her here in this position. Switch to the arm. Andressa doing everything she can to shake the legs. And Giovana moves back to the arm bar. Andressa looks like she might be clear of this. &gt;&gt; She's right back in it. But wow, what I mean that was an amazing transition. It seemed like she was out. &gt;&gt; If there's any victory in that from Andressa, at least the lock isn't directly behind her head anymore. She'll have a little bit more opportunity to posture, but will she have the endurance left in her back and her legs to maintain that posture? She's probably wishing she didn't do those gymnastics getting getting onto the stage here. &gt;&gt; She does look at least relatively unfazed by this position, though. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I I I mean, I think the angle, like you were saying, I think it's just a little bit shy of real bad danger, but &gt;&gt; I mean, she's been in it a while. does seem like she's more comfortable here. &gt;&gt; Still, the threat of the triangle is just one of the impacts of that triangle. The other thing is time is ticking away and there's no offense for Andresa in sight. Giovana relocks behind the head once again. Again, kind of changing her angle to tighten the lock. 20 seconds left. She wants this finish. &gt;&gt; Yeah, she's got her hand in play now, too. Taking even more space away. &gt;&gt; Go back to the arms here. Wow. &gt;&gt; Giovana Oliveivero was asking for a submission bonus before the match started. She got close but was not able to finish. Either way though, she walks home with the with the victory here. Another impressive performance from somebody who's becoming a real uh real dynamic submission threat early in her black belt career. And she showed a lot. She showed a lot in the leadup. &gt;&gt; Keep your eyes on Giovana Olivea. A real breakout star this year. somebody who's put on quite a few impressive performances, including her brown belt run and now taking on uh some of the the best black belts in the world. Let's take a look at some of the highlights from that match. As soon as Giovana takes his top position, she starts really applying pressure. Had to weather the storm of this spider guard from Andressa. and aggressive had a couple really good offbalancing opportunities. But the moment that Giovana switched into passing, stayed patient here. Made sure to secure her points, but when she got the points, Submission is on the hunt looking for this Kamura, which becomes an arm bar, which ultimately becomes a triangle. Let's take a look at this transition into the triangle. And here's where we spent the rest of the match, huh, Manny? Yeah, absolutely. You saw her attacking the triangle then extending the arm going back and forth just keeping pressure on. There was the the slight almost uh almost escape by Dressa, but she stayed with the arm and then came right back on top and locked it right back into the triangle and was able to finish the match off there. Absolutely killer instinct from Yolana Olivera looking for a submission the moment she had the lead and not stopping in the hunt. Let's hear from our winner. You may BJJ stars. Bang. foreign. Yes. I say Giovana Olivera says that's enough. Give me a title shot. She wants a match against A-Rod on her next BJ Stars appearance. Would love to see that one. We will be right back for more from BJ Stars 18. &gt;&gt; It's spotting time. force for My son. GOTCH. show you