Kind: captions Language: en and my esteemed colleague Danny O'Donnell here at the IBJJF Pan Championship. The open division is about to begin and we're just here introducing the whole thing once again. It feels like we were just here at the European Championships. We're back again. Yeah, we got we're going to kick things off with the open class divisions. So many great athletes in both of those divisions. And Jake, there's also not not just the open class today, but we also have the weight classes. So, we're going to see some really good division division matches as well before before we get into the finals tomorrow. Well, let's take a look at the schedule. As you guys can see here, 9:30 a.m. is going to be those black belt open divisions. We're going to be here 11:00 a.m. the weight divisions, like you said, Danny. And then at 4:30 is going to be the end of flow zone. So, you're going to have us for a while today. A lot of action. The pan jiu-jitsu championships are one of the most electrifying tournaments in the Grand Slam series. Everybody's hungry. The year has kind of kicked off and it's off to a good start and people are really bringing the energy. Yeah, we had several athletes win gold at the Europeans who are back here at the pans looking to get their second major title of 2025. Well, one of those athletes that we should take a look at in the male division is none other than Adam Wardzinski, Danny. Yeah, Adam Wardzinski took third at the Pans last year, but he's a world champion in 2024 and a crown champion. He's been on an absolute tear. Adam's got a really unique game. Always fun guy to watch. Yeah. And then Gabby Passagna, of course, you can't really Oh, actually, we're going to keep speak with the mail. Sorry about that. Jackson the guy who I mean pan champion before world champion. What more could you say about Jackson Guy? Yeah, Jackson the guy trying to win his second straight pan title. He's back. Haven't seen him in a bit. Great to see Jackson back on the IVJF competition match. And in that same weight division commonly, Tyan Dalpra. Tyen Dalpra. Threetime Pan champion looking for title number four. Didn't see him in 2023 or excuse me in 2024, but he is back in 2025. Tyen always a super aggressive, amazing athlete to watch. Can't wait to see him. Somebody we haven't seen I feel like as active on the competition scene here at the IBJF as Matteo Scabrielle. Excited to see him back. Yeah, Matase Gabriel had some injuries, had to take some time off, but he's healthy now. He's back. He returned for some open championships at the end of 2024, was absolutely on fire. Now he's back in a major major tournament. And that's just four of the athletes. There's way more athletes that are going to compete in the open class and the adult. Those are just some of the marquee that have really been making waves in the jiu-jitsu community lately. And somebody who continues to make waves and just is so impressive and she's so young, making a incredible legacy for herself is Gabby Pagna. Yeah, Gabriel Pagna, seventime pan champion, but she's an eight-time world champion. She'll be going for titles eight and nine here at the pans. Wow. Misa Bostos, one of the queens of the sport as well. What more could you say, Dan? Yeah, Misa Boss has dominated the roosterweight division. Has so many world titles in that division, five pan titles. This time she's going to be at light featherweight. Also to come, Elizabeth Clay has been known as one of the youngest competitors to make waves the ADCC now at IBJJF and uh just has really shown how versatile she is both gee and noi. Yeah, Elizabeth Clay won a Noki world title in 2024, but she competes in the ghee just just as often as as Nogi sometimes. And now she's going for her second pan title. She won in 2023. Always fun to watch Elizabeth Clay. And finally, Louisa Montero, one of the most accomplished athletes that we've talked about today. So, she is the most accomplished pan athlete in history. Her and Andre Gaval both have nine titles. Lose is going for title number 10 in the lightweight division here. That's truly an incredible feat and statistic. This is the IBJ of Pan Championship. Danny, we're here live on Flow Grappling on Flowzone. Be sure to stay tuned and be sure to continue to walk with us. Remember that if you want to subscribe to flowgrappling.com, go to flowgppling.com/signup. You'll be able to catch all of the news articles, events, all the live content at flowgrappling.com/signup. [Applause] [Music] Well, the action has officially begun here as you guys can see at the IBJF Pan Championship. Got Dory All and Terra Coptock happening right in front of us. Yeah, it's going to be an incredible match. Tark so technical has the Tariq Plat. Looks like he's already trying to set it up here on Dory of Checkmat. So, we're going to kick it over to our black belt absolute divisions here shortly. Matt 11 has Dory and Tar Copsock. That match is underway. [Applause] Let's take it over to Matt 11 so we can see this match up. As you can see, Dory All in the blue ghee, Terrick Hobstock in the white. TK playing from this knee shield. Yeah, positions TK plays pretty often this knee shield with the cross collar grip. It's where he sets up a lot of his platas and his signature Trico Plata and Dory trying to pressure forward with that grip on the collar with his left hand. Derek has a right hand grip on the lapel. Got his foot in it. It's going to make it very difficult. Dory is typically enjoys passing with this tight pressure, head forward. That that foot in the lapel makes it very difficult to continue to come forward. It's like your hips are the things that are holding you back. Yeah, both Tark and Dory really active competitors, Jake. So, very well verssed in the rule set and very strategic in their approach to jiu-jitsu. [Music] [Applause] Now Dory getting a little bit of space it seems. Yeah, now he's standing up. Goes right back down to his knees. [Applause] Tark looks like he has Dory's left lapel and his foot kind of wrapped up in it, which could be slowing him down quite a bit. [Applause] [Music] referee's going to [Music] create gets a penalty as well as Trick. Now TK Danny, it seems like he's been also playing with the idea of going for that arm saddle, hooking with his right arm underneath, be able to throw that left leg over. I think Dory now knowledgeable of that. Notice he's keeping his left elbow kind of tight to his hip. [Music] Yeah, it's a setup T uses quite a bit for his plat attacks. Hasn't been able to get it going just yet. trails Dory by two points two and a half minutes into this black belt open class match [Music] [Applause] and and so far Trick has just kind of stayed in this quarter guard position. He goes back to that lapel guard over and over. Now Dory gets a little bit of room to the outside. He has that right hand on the pants. Look at the flexibility of Trick though, finding the lapel with that left foot. Once again, he's been controlling that lapel for a good portion of the match. And I think that's really slowing Dory's passing attempts down. But this is a good place for Dory to be. I believe if he can just continue to put pressure down, he can continue to try to push forward. Trick doesn't have a lot of offensive options as long as that leg is separated from his body. And Dory is very good at putting the pressure in these positions. [Applause] Oh, there we go. Dory lifting a little bit but reestablishing the quarter [Applause] guard. So, right back into this half guardial position. Dory trying to pressure through Tar's guard. T doing a great job with the frames. And one thing I like that he's doing, Danny, is he's not just putting up the frames, but he has the lapel guard behind. And now we see, as we said earlier, he's got this this right under hook, very shallow on the arm, and he's got that left foot through something TK does very well. [Applause] Now he's got both arms on it. Dory pulls it out. And right back on it, grab that. Officially it was 4 minutes 43 seconds left in this match. Understand that the time is not currently going and the score is indeed two. to Dorian. Fortunately, we missed the opening of this match. So, not sure how Dory secured those two points. We were chatting it up, Danny. It's been a long time. [Applause] Once again, back at the Silver Spurs Arena. Pans has been in Florida for a while now. Keep him up. Been in this arena since 2020. Had so many great additions to the pans here in Florida. Call stop one more time. Looks like referee inspecting all the grips and the positionings of the the feet. [Applause] That was very interesting. [Applause] Terrace got this this palm to palm. Midori is very strong able to pull out of those positions. Finally, down. You can step over your leg. Keep him on the side. Careful. Keep your arms out. Keep that le down. Dory. Beautiful. Yes. I like that. [Applause] Now, TK sitting up sort of a butterfly guard position. Coming up on the 3minute mark. Oh, but this is good for Dory Dusted. Now he's got the legs crumbled. Now the lapel is still there for Trick, but Dory's able to put this pressure to the side. This is just the efficacy of the lapel guard, too, though. You can see it in full display. Trick has been saved from multiple guard pass attempts just by the presence of his foot on the lapel. Now the lapel's deep wrapped in there. Looks like he's trying to feed that lapel under Dory's lead right leg. There he goes. Gets it. Trying to feed it back to that right hand. Now if he's able to get that, especially palm up, now he can start to threaten arm bars. Start to invert underneath looking for a lot of different sweeps. This is a good position for Trick. 2 minutes and 15 seconds to work for him. Opts to let go. I question that decision. Right. [Music] [Applause] Got a pretty stacked black belt absolute division. Jake, we got Goombberg Pereira, Marcus Scooby Hero, Roberto Jimenez. We also have Gustavo Batista in the absolute division, which should be very interesting. Well, it's always a it's always a pleasure to see him compete in the absolute because I think his style really lends itself well to the heavier and the lighter weight classes. He's just such a He has such a solid passing game and such an efficient guard game. There's a reason he's a multiple time war champion. That's an that's just right there. That's an exciting four more nail competitors that we get to look out for. We also got Francisco Low. He's right behind us. He'll be coming up on Mat 11 next. Another athlete we're really looking forward to who I did mention already is Roberto. He'll be coming up though shortly. Absolutely. We'll see if we can get a look at his match once he takes to the mat. It's hard to miss. Oh, look at this. Oh, he's looking for the arm bar. He gets that left leg over the top. Now he's got the triangle. trying to pull it. 1 minute and 12 seconds. This is kind of shallow though. Dory postures out of it. Still up by two though. Dory. Dory has two penalties to trick one. Now Dory using that cross grip which makes it a little bit hard to attack on bottom. Derrick's got to get desperate here with 45 seconds left. You get a sweep here at the end. Such an interesting dynamic here in the open division as well, Danny, because they have their own divisions, but they have to focus on later. Look at this. Tardock. Two points. And he's able to keep the submission with 22 seconds left. And with that two points, he takes the lead cuz he has one advantage. Wow, what an interesting turn of events using the Turka Platada to get the sweep. The trick sweep. We're going to call it a new name. No, but very impressive maneuvering there. I didn't see how he was going to be able to find the sweep given that Dory has been putting so much pressure this match and he's had his head forward, hips back. But TK so crafty in his guard like he said at the beginning of the match. game showing the versatility of that plat position. You can use to sweep, you use to submit. T uses to sweep and take the [Applause] lead. Looks like the referees are reviewing this on one of the side tables. They're looking at the video footage as the head referee signals to his earpiece. No [Applause] change. Got to make something happen. You can see him change the pace. You see TK just right right hand and left foot are both in play looking for that lapel trying to remain active. This is what you need to do in this situation, but it might be just too little too late. That's going to do it. Taric Hopstock. He's going to advance to the black belt absolute division here at the 2025 Pams. That really that really was I mean you can't ask for a more clutch moment in a match. That's going to do it. Ter hopstock. Can't wait to see a replay of that. Terlata into sweep. Dory little disgruntled by the result. Trick of the colored belts had a victory over Kyn and Darch purple belt. I believe it was actually at Worlds. But let's take a look. This is the control position. He's able to be on top for long enough in that position to get those two points. Now, as you guys can see in the distance there, Roberto Himenez taking on Gabrielle Oliver of Lotus Club. It's a really, really exciting match. This is an exciting match. Gabriel Vera actually lives in Arizona, trains with Shawn Downey there at Lotus Club and has really impressed a lot of people in his time as a black belt. I've actually had the chance to grapple him myself. Very impressive top game, lot of pressure, and he's very agile as well for being, you know, super ultra heavyweight competitor. Very agile. is going to need that going against the absolute firecracker that is the natural Roberto Jimenez. Roberto Jimenez has been pretty active in competition as of late, competing in some IBJF opens, taking double gold at every event he's competed in. You know, Danny, I feel as though it doesn't matter. Ghee, no Gee, half Ghee, half no G, sombo, it doesn't matter. Roberto Himenez just wants to be out there. Roberto jumps to pull guard. immediately gives Gabrielle a little look to the outside. Roberto [Music] inverting. He's got he had a good angle there for a second. Threatened that arm bar. This is a position Gabrielle is very proficient in is once he finds an angle, he just puts the pressure. But he's very patient as well. And as we've seen Roberto, when you when you go against a lot of energy and a lot a high energy output that Roberto has with his very aggressive guard, very aggressive passing, you have to be able to weather that storm. [Applause] Roberto's the 2023 world no absolute champion. So he's won an absolute title at a major championship. Beat Roosevelt Sza. Oh, look at that. Roberto Himenez. That's what I mean as well. You blink and you could miss some of the [Applause] stuff. Recently victorious in a flow grappling production who's number one over Elder Cruz via flying armbar. But trying to get in on a single. He's got a really good single leg and a good collar drag from standing position. [Applause] Oh, look at that. The ability for Roberto to mix things up makes him a very tricky competitor to prepare for. He's always throwing something new. It feels like there's not a lot of patterns with Roberto, which I feel like is one of his strengths as a black ball competitor. Shooting for an ankle pick. Gabrielle defense. [Applause] jacking up that left arm under [Applause] hook. Did you catch what Roberto just went for? He tried to sit guard and put his feet right behind. I call that the kids class [Applause] sweep. Cross collar grip with his right hand. Feeding the lapel under the leg with his left. Now he lets it go into the closed guard for Roberto [Applause] Jimenez now a little bit a slowing in the pace. It's an interesting dynamic this matchup because Roberto wants things out in the open. He wants things to be not I don't want to use the word chaotic because I feel like that disparages the skill that Roberto has, but he wants things to be moving. He wants things to be actively open. Gabrielle wants to be slow as you can see right here. Just trying to put the weight. He wants to put the pressure on Roberto and look for opportunities to smother. Trying to keep his hips real heavy right now. Roberto under the leg. Good position for Roberto. He's going to try to stand up. Oh, and he's on the back. And this is where Roberto shines is when he is able to find his exposure. [Applause] Seems like all of Roberto's best positions funnel into the back in that absolute victory he had at the Noki Worlds. Remember you and I had talked about Danny how a lot of his even his passing game is to create back exposures. So, he's just very proficient. And if you look at his overall statistics, I'm sure that most of his submissions do come from back control. Oh, but look at Gabriel Oliver Vivera. Beautiful defense by Gabriel Olivivera. Nearly takes Roberto down. Just gets an advantage. Couldn't hold him for the 3 seconds. And that's that counter. That's that agility that I'm talking about. Just able to create these fast movements. I believe he competes in the ultra heavyweight division if I'm not mistaken. Super heavy, ultra heavy, one of those two. [Applause] The natural [Applause] rebel currently trails Gabrielle Oliver by one advantage. That was really impressive by Gabrielle Oliver. Roberto usually when he gets behind someone and is in a position to take the back. It's not often that he loses it. Gabrielle did a great job defending it. Almost took Roberto down. Got an advantage and he has the lead. Could have been that Uberto in that moment they were by the edge of the mat. Maybe he's trying to like secure the position but not be overzealous for it so that he doesn't go out of bounds and only get an advantage. Maybe trying to move in the middle and Gabrielle must have felt something like that. Looks like Roberto's patch might be a little ripped in the back. So they're going to have to rip that off. [Applause] Back to the action. Roberto Jimenez, Gabrielle Olivera. Gabrielle has a cross grip. [Applause] reset back to the center. Just a little under halfway through the match. Oh, and there's that collar drag you're talking about, Danny and into the take down. Turtle puts Gabriel down. Two points. What an adjustment. Collar drag didn't work due to that response by Gabrielle's left arm. Turns that into a trip with the other foot. Now he's in side control, circling around. Another good recovery by Gabrielle, but he is down by four now. Really impressive by Gabrielle to get back up to the feet to a neutral position. Oh, and going for a take down of his own, but Roberto Roberto. That could be it. And Roberto gets it. Roberto Himenez's ability to find these submissions, find these these opportunities to score in the middle of a transition is just so impressive. And you see it there again. What an arm bar. Wow. Locked up that arm bar. Gabrielle did not want to tap. Tried to fight to get out of it, but it was too tight. I'm excited to see a replay on that one. Roberto Himenez victorious, moving on to the next phase of the open division. We'll see who he grapples against next. I'm sure he'll be right back here on Flow Zone with his next opponent. But let's take a look at that replay. I want to see that. Man, I would like to see foot sweep. I'd like to see a lot of things about that match, but that armbar and how it finished [Applause] as he circles around to the back, finds the opportunity. But here's some of the highlights of the match. That was Gabrielle's taked down which Roberto was able to defend. Looks immediately up the score. And this is that foot sweep. Boom. Lands combination with that foot sweep and collar drive. Was beautiful. And this was that final arm bar. Gabrielle tries to get up extending the arm. and Roberto finds it as soon as he sees an arm is straight. Just pounces on it. Beautiful stuff from Roberto. Really, really impressive stuff. We're going to head over to mat 11. We got Francisco Low and Lucas Norat competing here in the absolute division. Our day kicks off with the black belt absolute matches. Lucas Nat in the blue. Oh, receiving a foot lock right now. Francisco Lo is a really dangerous straight foot lock. Hard to see where the grip is. Looks like it could be tight. Now he's bridging into it. Oh, and he does get the tap. Francisco Lo, we come right at the end. I was going to mention Lucas Norat, the kind of game that he likes to play. But Francisco Low gracious in victory gets a straight ankle lock. set it up the some people call it the Kyotea variation where they get the ankle lock, they feel the dehiva and they put pressure on the knee to sit their part their opponent down. Does that throws the foot across and gets a heavy extension on it. Francisco Low will move on. Now we got Pedro Okano directly to our left. So, while we look for that replay, let's take a look around and just see here at the Silver Spurs Arena. Looks like we have some of the black belt weight classes underway as well. Well, here's that replay. Danny, talk us through this. So, Francisco Low wraps up the ankle lock. Really tight grip. Francisco has an amazing finish from here. throws the right leg over, bridges into it, gets the tap. He'll move on to the black belt absolute division. [Music] Now we will head over to Matt 10. [Applause] We have Wallace, Wall Soua on top. Tight battle here. Just two minutes and 30 seconds. Now he gets swept. Wesley takes top position. [Applause] Wesley Olivivera up by one advantage over Wall. Points are even at four a piece. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Hard to say how many points are left in this match. [Music] They're all tangled up and looks like each other's lapel guards are [Music] possibly looking for a foot lock. Here's Wall. Wallson, a 2024 world no ghee champion. That was a huge moment in his career. [Applause] Two points for Wallace and Olivivera. [Applause] [Music] Well, it looks like our scoreboard may not be up to date. You can see in the background the official scoreboard. Our apologies. as we came into this match halfway through, but looks like the official score is [Applause] 66. I believe I saw three advantages on the official scoreboard. We'll get that updated here here for you shortly [Music] [Applause] in the single leg X position. supporting with that foot on the lapel. It's a very powerful way. If he keeps that foot on the lapel, he can he can find sups very powerfully or he can get a lot of leverage for this toe hold. Danny, but of course recognizing that looking for a leg drag now into the double under. Wesley controlling that left leg of Wson. Goes for the tow hold. Not really a threat, but looks like it's making it hard for Wall to come up on top. It did look like for a second it might have even been bothering him. But now this is such a tricky match as well. You can see the the way that Wesley is reacting to the different guard passing attempts, bringing his feet in front and how Wallace is reacting to those just very interesting. And now it looks like he might be going for a knee bar. It's hard to tell what kind of a bite he has. [Music] [Applause] Minute 20. Two advantage lead for Wesley Oliva. [Applause] He's got a really fun match coming up on mat 11 shortly. Rataric Hopstock and Gutenberg of Pereira. Gutenberg took gold in the open class here at the 2024 here in this arena in 2024 at the bands. Also won gold last year at the Europeans in the open openweight division. But this is this will be his first major championship in 2025. [Music] Oh, [Applause] disqualification. Our referee called for disqualification, I believe, over Wallace's submission attempt here. [Applause] looked at the the officials with the the instant replay and put up the disqualification sign. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] This is a this is a puzzling situation, Danny. [Applause] It's moments like these that I try to make you laugh just so that uh see your face turn red. [Applause] Well, remember ladies and gentlemen, you can go to flowgrappling.com or flowgrappling on Instagram as well as ibjf.f.f.f.f.f.f.f.f.f.f go to ibjf.com. Stay up to date with everything going on there and all the articles that the different people are writing and the updates, all the events, the best jiu-jitsu events in the world, as they say. And for Flow Grappling, we have different events coming up, of course, in April. It's going to be a who's number one. And Flow Grappling has partnered with some of the best shows in the world to bring this crazy world of Brazilian jiu-jitsu to your home [Music] screen. So, here's a look at the questionable submission. the one that Wesley immediately looks at the ref and goes, "Is that allowed?" To which the ref goes, "Hm, let me check stops the match and deduces that it's a penalty. It's a disqualification, but we're still waiting to hear back on whether or not that deduction was accurate." Head referee is signaling to his earpiece, so the footage is being reviewed. Another match coming up directly to our left hand. It's very interesting as Terrick Hobstock and Gutenberg Peda. I would very much like to see that match as well. Yeah, that'll be on mat 11 shortly. We got another match on mat 11 still going on, but a few more minutes we'll have the 2024 Pans absolute champion take to the mats. [Applause] So, we'll head over to Matt 11 as the referees figure out the call for this match. Well, it seems that as soon as we said that, they did figure out the call for this match. And it is absolutely a disqualification. All right, here's 11. Pedro Aano circling around to the back and now settling into the side control. Fine advantages for Pedro Aano and now on top in a good position. This is the black belt light featherweight division. So as we mentioned the weight classes have started as well. [Applause] Got some more light feather action going on on some of our other mats. [Applause] Pans the second major IBJF tournament of 2025. Like you said, it feels like we were just Europeans. Pedro Nana trying to take the back. Struggling to get that second hook in. Looks like he might have it now. At least another advantage. Now Pedro threatening the choke, lifting by the forehead to get under that chin. Four points for Pedro. Now the arm. It looks like it might be under the chin. It is. Pedro putting the squeeze on. Gets the tap. He'll move on in the black belt light featherweight division. Very impressive stuff by Pedro Nano. And as he was starting to take the back, Danny, when he when he was having difficulty getting both hooks in, he opted to try to threaten the choke to slow his opponent down to be able to to get the not just the fullness of the choke, but also to get both hooks in. He's very intelligent. And if you're a competitor who struggles to control the back, get better at getting the choke and threatening the choke as you take the back, you'll see a lot of fruit in that regard. So, here's a look at that replay. As I said, look, the right hook is coming in. But at this point, when he's starting to roll, look, he transitions to threatening that choke as well. And when he does, he gets both hooks in, forces his opponent to focus on the defense of the choke and then eventually puts on the squeeze and gets the tap. Now, he'll move on in this light featherweight division. Then we're going to stay on this mat because as you had mentioned before, Danny, we'll say it again, 2024 pan absolute champion Gutenberg, as you see right there, out of Art of Jiu-Jitsu Academy, will be taking on no stranger to heavier competitors, at least today, victorious earlier versus Dor is Trick Hopstock Goober. will be competing in the Ultra Heavyweight Division later on today. [Applause] Immediate sit for Trick to be expected. [Applause] Now, Trick did very good job dealing with the pressure of Dorian. This is a lot more pressure I would say possibly than Dorian's able to output at least at this moment in time. Goodenberg is a very strong, very large competitor with a great deal of technical ability and agility. It's like an ultra heavyweight that moves like a middleweight. Absolutely. Tar trying to control his legs early on. Now Gutenberg's got this cross face deep grip on the back with his right arm. Kicks his left leg free. Oh, and Trick able to threaten that arm over the top. [Music] Part of what makes T's guard so good is his flexibility and dexterity. He's able to recover positions from weird angles and you saw it right there against Gutenberg. One thing he has to be careful of is a little earlier that pass almost happened because Gutenberg was able to get his arm all the way deep. He was able to hug Trick's head and he's letting it happen again. This is a very difficult thing to stop. Deep cross face that looks brutal if you let the heavier stronger competitor get this sort of a cross face on you in the guard. And I understand it's difficult with a height dispar height disparity but it's very difficult to get back to an open guard position. You see trick is now sort of in this almost pseudo deep half guard. This is a great position for Gutenberg. Deep cross face. had his head posted on the mat controlling Tar's hips. Looks like he might get the fullness of the pass here. He does. Three points for Gooberg. Pereira passes the guard and takes the lead early on in his first match of the absolute division here at the 2025 Pam. [Applause] Gutenberg walking towards the hips. Jerry trying to keep a frame with his left arm under the armpit of [Applause] [Music] Gutenberg. 2024 pan champion moving methodically and intentionally. He's not going to want to lose this position. I don't feel not willing to give TK an opportunity to get back into the match. Six points on the board for Gutenberg Pereira. trying to push, trying to get some space, but it's everything that he can do just to get his arm partially extended in this position as Gutenberg settles back in a side control. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] It's pretty crazy moment right now. We got Marcus, Scooby, and Roberto also competing in the absolute division. I think we'll stick with Gutenberg for now, but those are matches that you can switch to if you're if you're so inclined. Roberto is on mat 13. Look at this. TK getting his right knee back in. Recovers back to the open guard. Gutenberg opts to completely separate, reset the position. But has got to be careful to not let Gutenberg hug his head. He needs to create that space and keep that space because Gutenberg slowly adjusts his grip up little by little, stays in the pocket and then eventually finds the opportunity to hug the head. [Applause] Burn just leaning his weight over T. I'm sure that's tiring on bottom trying to keep all that weight off of you. I'm sure it's tiring as well because TK, he likes a lot of the the techniques that require your opponent to be a little closer to you. Like that arm saddle, throwing the leg over the top. It's hard to maintain distance while doing that. So, that option is it does come with an inherent bit of danger like you see here, head close. Now, he's got the right foot in the lapel like we saw in his match with Allen. Look at that. transitions that foot to the outside and once again looking to hug that head. Gutenberg staying patient in this tripod position. There's a really good angle and it's that foot that right foot of Tar Hopsock on the lapel and saving him. [Applause] [Music] looking for the upside down guard. Very interesting. And now the lapel. And look at that. Immediately Gutenberg under hooks as soon as Tark wrapped his foot up in that lapel. Gutenberg started moving away from it. Possibly the most effective way to deal. In fact, I would I would go out on a limb and say it is the most effective way to deal with the ball guard is to deal with it preemptively. it is to deal with it at the very latest as it's happening. And there we see one more time this deep neck-wrenching cross [Music] face. Four minutes left. Gutenberg Pereira leads Tar Hopstock by six points. He's your returning absolute champion here at the pans. Defeated Marcus Scooby in the final last year. trying to work his way into the mount by freeing that left [Applause] foot. [Applause] Over on mat 13, we've got Matteas Rodriguez and Roberto Jimenez. Looks like mat 12, Lucas Montalva, Marcus Gbero. Sorry about that. It just looks like Matteos was getting checked out by the doctors over on mat 13. So that match was not continuing. But Gutenberg once again passing the guards, selling in a side control. now up by a margin of 9 to zero. Gutenberg using patience and pressure to score his points in this match. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Now feeding that lapel underneath the armpit of Trick to his right hand. [Applause] You tell Gutenberg is looking for different ways to try to get to a finish. [Applause] Switches his base, controlling the hips with that left arm. [Applause] Now looking to increase possibly that point margin by going to mount trick has left arm under hook. [Applause] Hey. Hey. [Applause] Trying to stay on his side and use that under hook. But Gutenberg just leaning all his weight over the hips, making it tough for Tar to get up to his knees. I think that's been the biggest bane for Tar in this in this matchup has just been the inability to move Gutenberg either back or side to side. As Gutenberg had put the pressure on and continue to move forward, it's just hard to stop him from getting to where he wants to go. [Applause] Car has a lock down. He's got this under hook with the lapel assisting him. It's hard to see where he would want to go with this to turn it into an advantageous position. Less than 30 seconds left. Gutenberg up 90 over Tar Hopstock. [Music] passed the guard three times. Show amazing control and pressure in the opening round of the absolute. [Applause] So that'll do it. Gutenberg Pereira, the 2024 pan absolute champion, moves on in the division in 2025, defeating Tar Hopstock by nine points. Great opening round for Gutenberg. Shows the power of this heavy cross face that Gutenberg was able to employ on several different occasions within the match. But every time he did it, he was able to turn the face of TK away from the guard he was trying to defend with. He was just able to pass the guard like this. And like we said, I think it was three separate occasions that he pretty much used the same tactic. Just a lot of forward pressure, getting really, really tight, head close, either a deep under hook or deep head control. As you can see there over the horizon, we got Scooby and Jimenez going at the same time on two different matches. Let's go over to mat 13 where Matteas Rodriguez is on top. Roberto Jimenez on bottom. All tied up, one advantage a piece. [Music] Matteas Rodriguez recently opened his own academy in I believe it's in North Hollywood, California, Baza Jiu-Jitsu. If you want to take an inside look at Matt's academy, you can go to the IBJF YouTube channel. Where we visit his academy, did a gym tour. Beautiful [Applause] facility. Matase is really looking forward to putting on a show for his students. Well, he's got an adequate dance partner for just that in the rurime right now. Got a chance to catch up with Matteas yesterday. He's competing at super heavy last year. He did medium heavy. Is that Did you when you talked to him, was that a uh did he gain the muscle to to weigh that much or was that a strategic? Yeah, I think he I believe he said he walks around 215, 220 and had to cut a good amount of weight to make medium heavy. Just has a lot going on with his new academy. Also recently just had a baby, so has a lot going on and wanted to come into this tournament without having to worry about cutting weight. [Applause] penalty a piece and we're back. Roberto shoots stuffed by Rodriguez. Matteas is the returning medium heavyweight champion here at the Pans. Had an amazing run last year and I think he's looking to even even top that in 2025. Roberto started his absolute campaign with a beautiful armar submission victory. [Applause] [Music] What really impressed me in Roberto's last match was his ability to chain together his takedown attempts. in his last match was Gabrielle Ma. He definitely or Gabriel Olivera, sorry, not the same person. Gabriel Olivera had the opportunity to sweep one way with the collar drag and then when Gabrielle got up, sweeps with the other foot. Just a beautiful change of direction and change of balance and understanding of your opponent's balance. Roberto's able to keep up this pace of just shooting, getting up, digging the high under hook, shooting again, going for a judo technique. He's able to keep the pace up and it's hard to keep up with sometimes as the match drains on. 2 minutes 45 seconds. This is all tied up. After this match, we've got Gustavo Batista, who just took the mats for the first time here at the 2025 pans. Believe he's on mat 10. This one is close, Jake. No points on the board for either Roberto or Matteas. Just one advantage and one penalty each. Well, it would seem at least with the match that we've seen thus far, Roberto has been the more active competitor. At least right now, he's very much trying to come forward. And as you see right there, referee gives a penalty to Matteos and an advantage to Roberto for just that reason that Roberto was continuing to come forward. Moses was starting to backpedal a little bit more than he was putting out offensive techniques. [Music] Looks like our clock that you're seeing on the screen is not up to date. See if we can get a look at the official scoreboard to see where this match is at. [Music] Now Rodriguez driving forward. Rodri Rodriguez here. [Music] Little bit of a deliberation between the referee and the scorekeeper. Now, now our official scoreboard shows four points for Roberto. Two coming from Matas Rodriguez's third penalty. The other two, not too sure. We did jump into this match in the middle of it. [Applause] This is now a pretty big [Music] hole. for Rodriguez to climb out [Applause] of. [Applause] Our apologies once again for the scoreboard. We'll try to get that updated as soon as possible so you can follow along. Either that or truly the referee really is just sitting there and they're just staring at each other for the duration of this match. Those are our two options. And there we go. [Applause] And we're back. And Matteos at this moment in time has got to get busy. [Music] He's got three penalties. So that means Roberto has to have two points. They're not showing on their scoreboard. Gets stuffed on the take down. [Applause] Trying to switch the directions. Get [Applause] over here. [Applause] Blood on the nose of Matteas Rodriguez. So, as this match between Matteas Rodriguez and Roberto Jimenez winds down, got another exciting one with Gutenberg Pereira. He'll be taking on Francisco Low on mat 11. That match is coming up. Got to wonder what the what the referee is trying to figure out with the side table. Advantage given for Jimenez. Now everything's been reset. on this scoreboard. So, it's really hard to tell. Is trying to turn this into possible back take [Music] situation. Took not a lot of time to work. [Applause] Look at this. Roberto with a a big twist on that leg. That's going to be another advantage for [Applause] him. Roberto has the ability to put the pressure on the on the on the tow hold specifically with so much torque, strength. You can see it right there. even the the leg straight of Matteos Rodriguez. He was able to generate a lot of pressure. Roberto Himenez is going to move on to the next phase of the absolute division. As we mentioned here on man 11, directly to our left is going to be Francisco Low and Gutenberg Peda. [Applause] We can take a look at the replay of some of the action that just transpired there with Roberto and Matteos. a lot of that lot of confusion with the ref and the scorekeepers and everything like that but nonetheless very exciting. Remember ladies and gentlemen coming up is who's number one 27 kind of dwar versus Nick Rodriguez. That's Friday April 18th only on flow grappling. Make sure to go to flowgling.com/signup. Get a subscription. Watch it live. Subscribe to the YouTube channel. Follow us on Instagram @flowgrappling. Remember, April 18th, that's Dwight versus Rodriguez. So, now let's come over to mat number 11 with Gutenberg and Francisco Low. [Music] Hey, hey, [Music] hey. Heat. Heat. N. [Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] Hey, [Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] Hey, I'm [Music] Hey, [Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] Shadow [Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] Hey, hey, hey, hey. I am sh. [Music] Hey, [Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] We're back in the 2025 IBJF Pan Jujitsu Championships. We got our black belt absolute divisions going on right now as long as some weight class action. We're going to go to mat 11 where we have Francisco Low taking on Gutenberg Pereira. Beautiful Silver Spurs Arena here in CMI, Florida. Like you said, Danny, here Gutenberg recently victorious over TK Hopstock. Francisco Low, recently victorious against Lucas Not on this same mat. They're back once again. Now it's Gutenberg employing the use of the lapel in the white ghee and Francisco Low in the blue. Gutterberg actually up two advantages. So, three advantages to one in favor of the AOJ representative. [Applause] Patient approach in this lapel guard situation by Francisco. Gutenberg got his last two advantages out of a taked down. Now he comes up. Francisco looking to [Applause] potentially secure a knee bar in that position. [Applause] That's going to be two points. Francisco pulls the 50/50. [Applause] Francisco's best finish here at the pants came back in 2023 where he took bronze taking on the reigning absolute pan champion Gutenberg Pereira. [Applause] the feet that lapel through. This is very difficult position to get out of now for the top competitor. Francisco needs to be careful not to lock that that leg in the 50/50. Too deep. Runs the risk of getting put in the tow hold. [Applause] [Music] Penalty given to Francisco Low by the referee. [Music] [Applause] Blutenberg, the reigning male absolute champion. Also got the reigning female absolute champion, Gabrieli Passandez. She'll be coming up shortly. She'll be on mat nine. I don't believe Francisco Low was aware that he was getting penalized for having that grip on the lapel, which I believe under the FBJF rule set is actually a stalling call. Now, that's an update they made. So, that's going to be three penalties for Francisco [Applause] [Music] Low. That is a very tough position to be in. One more, one more infraction could yield a loss for him. Funberg willing to give up the sweep in this position. [Applause] [Music] 2 minutes 40 seconds [Applause] left. It's the absolute quarterfinal here at the 2025 Pans. [Applause] If you guys are watching at home and you want to check out Coabate's run in the featherweight division, he is up on mat 13 right now as well as Marcus Scooby back on the mats on mat 12. It's the ref or the doctor checking out the ear of Francisco [Applause] Low. So, if we could head over to mat 13, we've got Cole. And then coming up after Cole, we have Roberto [Music] [Applause] Jimenez. We're going to switch over to that mat in just a moment. Cole taking on Sebastian Serpa. Really tough athlete representing Outer Heaven. [Applause] Cole leading by two advantages. 1 minute 7 seconds remain. Kabate been really active in competition recently. Compete in several opens. Competed the Europeans. He's very confident heading into this 2025 edition of the pants. Very interesting back attack by Serpa. Right butterfly hook behind the leg and trying to peek around in the back. That right arm of Cole is doing a good job of crossing, stopping him from getting all the way there. But it is sort of an awkward position to fight from. And only 35 seconds left. 20 seconds [Applause] left. Squares up with Sebastian. 10 seconds left. Looks like he is going to get the [Music] victory and move on here at featherweight. Featherweight's an amazing bracket. We also got Diego Patel, Isaac Dogline, Sam Nai. Cole takes the win. That is an insane bracket. This young man is a part of a little bit of disappointment from Serpa, but very close battle. This is such a competitive weight division. I would say possibly one of the most competitive weight divisions in jiu-jitsu right now. [Applause] So, Cole moves on as he looks for his first major title in the ghee. We'll stay on this mat. We have Roberto Jimenez coming up next. Absolute men's quarterfinal. [Applause] is regularly scheduled to be Jimenez but hard to say. [Applause] Believe Roberto's taking on Anderson Gomez, but we will have an update for you shortly. [Applause] [Music] Let's go back over to mat 11 where Pereira and Francisco Low are still competing in the absolute division. appear that there was a little bit of a break for the medical officials to discern what was going on with Francisco Lo's [Applause] ear. Now in the 50/50, Francisco now has his entire forehead covered up to protect that ear. He's on top trying to put pressure. He's got a tight cross. Just 30 seconds. Even if he makes back two points, he'll need to pass the guard here, Danny, in order to get a lead. And just not a lot of time to work. Gutenberg looks like he may be able to come up for a sweep. They did not roll into us. I thought that they might. So, four points and five advantages for Gutenberg Pereira to Francisco Low's two points and one advantage. 7 seconds remain. An always game. Francisco Low fighting to the end, but [Applause] not enough. Goodenber is going to move on. [Applause] So, let's head over to Matt Nine. We got some female open class action. [Applause] Gutenberg gets the win. He'll move on to the semifinal here at the 2025 Panji Championships. This is Mat Nine where we have Caroline Karamorei of Gracie Baja taking on Nia Blackman of Royal Jiu-Jitsu under four. Well, that is no longer them. The scene has changed. There they are. There we go. Nia Blackman on bottom in the guard. Caroline Caramorei on top. [Applause] This double under style of passing so effective but it can be so difficult to get going. It's very old school way of passing. [Applause] Leia Blackman, a relatively new black belt. Had some amazing results in competition at the purple and brown belt level. now looking to make some noise at black belt here at the [Applause] pants. We'll see if Caroline Karamorei opts to mix up the passing styles here. It seems very difficult to make that double under pass happen. You can transition it to the overunder and a lot of competitors who like that style of passing do mix it up very well between the overunder and the double under. Winner of this match goes on to face Gabrieli Pisana. A loop choke attempt. [Applause] Nia continuing to threaten that loop choke. So, it looks like we already have one semifinal set in this female black belt absolute division. Maria Miaek and Isidora Silva are on one side in the semi. Salas Samola of Hilty BJJ in the semifinal as well on the other side. Then the winner of this match will take on Gabriel Pagana to determine the last semi-finalist of the 2025 pan female black belt absolute division. Nia Blackman working on a sweep. That was a very close attempt. Looked like she was almost able to get completely over the top to take the back, but [Applause] Cross collar and sleeve grips for Nia Blackman. Caroline stands up to her feet. And right back into the closed [Applause] guard IBJ has just continued to evolve too. Danny, you can speak a little bit on this. Feels like in the last three years you've just the the organization has been they've been hitting milestone after milestone. Jiu-Jitsu Khan having over 10,000 competitors, Europeans being the biggest Europeans ever. Speak to this year's pans. What has this year's pans been like? Obviously, we're here just for the next two days watching the black belts. How has the whole week been? The whole week has been incredible. One of our favorite moments so far has been the brown belt female absolute division where Sarah Gavval took on Helena Cravar. That was a match that was incredible. I think a lot of people were really looking forward to that. Sarah ended up getting the win, but both athletes had amazing runs. Took gold in their in their respective weight divisions. Neither ended up taking gold in the absolute, but some of the female brown belt competitors really put on a show yesterday. are S Sarah Galvone and Helena Cravar have did they fight before? That was the first time fighting in IR competition. Understood. Well, back to the action here. [Applause] One minute left. All tied up. No points, advantages, or penalties for either Caroline Caramorei or Nia Blackman. At least in the moments that we have had the pleasure to witness, Nia Blackman had that very close look at a back take earlier. Got to wonder if that weighs in the judge's minds in the event of a tied up score. [Applause] [Music] We've got a lot of great matches coming up. Diego P is going to be coming up on mat 11. Gustavo Batista has his open class quarterfinal against Galleri Austoo. That'll be an incredible match. Gabrieli Persia, of course, will face the winner of Caroline and Nia. [Applause] Now, the double sleeve. very effective way to control your opponent, especially when you've been dealing with the double under for a long while. Getting the double sleeve can be a very satisfactory way of mitigating that honestly pretty annoying guard passing style to defend against. But that'll do it for that match. [Applause] We'll see who takes it here. Ref's decision. It's actually going to go to Caroline Caramorei. Caroline will take on Gabrieli Pisagna next on Mat [Music] [Applause] N. I think we'll go over to mat 10 where we have Kell Nasimento, Florian Bay in just a moment. That is a black belt featherweight match. Looking for the S Paulo pass. At least it would appear to be the S. Apollo pass. [Applause] Not a whole lot of time left in this one. But next up on Matt 10 match we just talked about a moment ago, Gustavo Batista Germy Gusto. That's an absolute quarterfinal. [Applause] Florian up by one advantage over [Applause] Kell. Oh, Florian looking for an arm bar now. Look at this. That will do it. Florian will advance here in the featherweight division 2025 Panji [Applause] Championships. Next up is Bragina. Bragina Gustava Batista. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] We'll head over to Matt 12 momentarily. We've got Diego PO coming up on 11, Gustavo [Applause] Batista I believe on 10. Giwan Park, Marco Mendes up on mat 12. Jiwan leading Marco by one advantage. [Applause] So, some featherweight action right now and like we talked about Jake, this featherweight division absolutely stacked. It's It feels like the lightest weight divisions are some of the most stacked in the sport of jiu-jitsu right now. from from light feather to light. It's just talent a talent pool in which you know you have some competitors like Diego Pau who has clearly cemented himself as top dog over the last few years right but other people are so close they're just getting better and better with every iteration of tournament that they enter into. And so the challenge to anybody who won last year's pans in this division is very real. [Applause] Like I said, PTO is going to be up next. Oh, Marco Mendes in on a foot lock. [Applause] PO competed at Feather at Europeans. He's back at featherweight at hands. Jawan Park had a had a look real quick. That's why it leaned into the camera. Danny, he had he had a look on a leg drag and it looks like he still might have one and that's why Marco Mendes now having to transition to more of a 50/50. That was just a close look on that foot lock. You have to be very careful when you go for a straight ankle lock and you don't have both feet on the hips and they start to go for that leg drag position. Just balling out on the foot lock is it is a dangerous prospect. It you could get the tap but you could also get your your back straight up taken and that is that never feels good. left. [Applause] Just a little over five minutes left to transpire. Roberto Himenez just took the mat on mat number I believe that's 13. Yeah. Let's head over to Roberto Jimenez. [Applause] Roberto Jimenez just shot in for a taked down. One thing that's interesting to me, Danny, about Roberto's game is he's willing to not even set up the shot. He's willing to just shoot from the outside without setting it up without a fake or a head tug or an arm drag or anything like that. And I believe that's because he trusts his cardio. He trusts that he can do that over and over and over again and just wear his opponent down. But it's just an interesting part of his game that I've just noticed lately. Roberto taking on Anderson Gomez of Infight Jiu-Jitsu. Super tough opponent. He's got some great skills in the standing position. Winner of Roberto and Anderson will face Marcus Scooby Hero in one of our semifinals. Our other semi-final in the black belt absolute division, Gutenberg Pereira. Gutenberg will take on the winner of Gustavo Batista Germy Gusto. That'll be another [Applause] semi. So, what a group of semi-finalists we're going to have here in the black belt absolute division. It's 2025 pans. Roberto in on that collar drag. Great job by Anderson Gomez squaring [Applause] up. That male absolute final will be the final match of [Applause] pans. Oh, look at this. Anderson Gomez trying to turn that into an UI. The referee had already called stop. So far, all the matches we've seen with Roberto, it seems like it's come down to some of the more dynamic takedown exchanges between him and his opponent. [Applause] Roberto working on those double under hooks. so good at getting the back once he gets those under hooks from standing position. [Applause] Got some more featherweight action on mat 11. Diego Pto, the 2025 European featherweight champion, just took the [Applause] mat. You can watch every mat and every match here at the 2025 pans on flow [Applause] grappling. The pace has slowed down a little bit. [Music] We haven't had a chance to watch Gustavo Batista yet today. So, I like to head over to his mat. He is on mat 10. [Applause] [Music] We're going to head over there shortly. [Music] Salvo taking on GMI Gusto. Winner of this match takes on Gutenberg. I was really excited when I saw Gustavo's name in the absolute and just excited that he was competing at the pans this year. Gustavo has an amazing style. Won the Worlds in 2024. Always an incredible athlete to [Applause] watch. Clare measo. another really really tough and highly accomplished athlete out of Alliance. [Applause] One of the things about Gustavo and just to my experience, I actually had the opportunity to compete against him at the 2021 World Championship. And it's not that he's got some attribute about him that is so unbelievably hard to overcome like strength or he's just technical. He's patient. He's very intentional with his movements. He is doesn't waste a lot of energy and his game is so solid that he's very he just understands the rule set. He understands the art of jiu-jitsu so well. Even when he passes the guard, his hips are always facing the right direction. His weight is always applied the right way. He does this weird thing where he can spread his legs and pinch his knees at the same time. Like his feet are apart, but his knees are pinched and he can lower himself down. We got a chance to talk to his coach, Andre Galvalo, yesterday. They said he was built for the knee cut and to pass the lasso, which is pretty interesting the way he described it. Gigani is definitely This is very a very high level match up here in the absolute. Great side to side movement by Glammy Gusto trying to go around the guard of Gustavo [Applause] Batista. Batista trying to get under the leg. Really good base on top by Germy Gusto. This is one of Gustavo's best and most most effective sweeping positions. Batista has a very serious straight ankle lock as well as a great knee bar as evidenced by his incredible performance at the World Championship. [Applause] No score in this match yet. Three and a half minutes in. This is an absolute quarterfinal here at the 2025 Pan Jui Championships. Gustavo Batista, Germy Austo, winner of this quarter, quarterfinal, excuse me, moves on to face Gutenberg Pereira in the [Applause] semi. Gustavo's won the pans four times, 2019, 2020, 21, and 23. looking for his fifth and potentially sixth in his weight division gold medals here at the pans. There you can see in the corner of Gustavo Batista the headtos jiu-jitsu and Louisa Monttero. So in that picture on the right we got 18 pan black belt gold medals. Louisa tied with Andre Galval for the most paying gold medals at black belt for an individual athlete. Louisa has nine. Andre Gavval has nine. Louisa goes for her 10th starting tomorrow in the lightweight division. Now this could be trouble. Danny, this is that straight ankle lock that I was talking about. Then if Gustavo is able to go belly down with it, you see him trying to crumple the knee with his left hand. Get the tap. [Applause] So far, Geni is doing a good job of keeping his knee straight up to limit the ability of Gustavo to put the pressure, but he's got to be very careful in this position. Blair also no stranger to success here at the Pans. won a title in 2020. Oh, look at that. Very interesting. Gustavo rotates all the way through. Might go belly down for the foot lock again. Gustavo comes up. Two points for Gustavo. Batisa for the sweep. Lets go the ankle lock grip. Also get advantage for that submission attempt. Looks as though Giani has [Applause] his foot very it looked to me like he had his foot very far across the hip and he does receive a penalty for it. So the two points and one advantage you're seeing on your scoreboard should actually be for Gustavo Batista. Our apologies. We'll get that adjusted for you as Gustavo tries to pass the guard of Germe Gusto. [Applause] Gustavo really good at finishing passes from this half guard position. Just keeping that left knee in the middle. Just a slight bend. Can't get put in closed guard that way. [Applause] Look at the balance. [Applause] Head close. Gets that grip on the lapel and he's able to now move into the mount position. Looking for the X choke from the top. Lots of pressure here from Gustavo Batista. After this, we will head over to mat nine where Gabrieli Pisana just took the mats. Right now, we have Gustavo Batista leading Gerriusso by nine points. [Applause] trying to get this foot out once again. I believe if he does because it was Gideomi that put him back in the half guard, Gustavo would actually get four more points. Seven more. Seven. Yes, you're right. My apologies. Yes. Seven more points. Gustavo's a really good head and arm choke, too. He may try to isolate this left arm. [Applause] [Music] Just going to continue to inch that right arm up until eventually he can get his left ear against the [Music] elbow. be on the lookout for Gigami to try to time an explosion. But that's going to be seven more for Gustavo Batista. Passes and [Applause] mounts. Well, it appears that we will not be heading over to Gabby Passagna after this match given she did win by submission. But now you guys all know that. So you can go look at the replay at lcropping.com. So now our scoreboard is being adjusted. Gustavo Batista up by 16 points over Glammy Gusto. Going right back to this mounted cross choke. So, we got a replay of Gabrielle Gabrieli Passagna's submission here in the open class. That is just a dreadful looking submission, pulling the arm across with the shin against the neck, pulling the arm bar at the very end of it. And speaking of arm bars, it looks like in the bottom right corner of the screen, Gustavo Batista might be setting up a end of match armbar, but up by a considerable amount, able to b his time. Great work by GMO getting back to the guard. He's into the single leg now. For those of you guys following along on flowgrappling.com tuning in live on flowzone as well as the other mats, you saw Roberto Himenez victorious. And now I believe moving on to the semifinal of the men's absolute division. So our semi-finals are set. We got Marcus Scooby Hero, Roberto Jimenez on one side, Gustavo Batista, Gutenberg Pereira on the other side. Oh boy. That's a stacked. It's a stacked four competitors. So, we got some light feather action. Malachi Edmonds. Looks like Malachi is just seconds away from finishing a cross choke [Applause] submission. I think that's Matt 12. [Applause] So, as you guys can see, Malachi Edmund currently in the closed guard. He has the lapel grip around the back, sort of an X choke, and now he's going for it one more time. Earlier he had this so tight. He's pulling that arm across. It's a sort of it functions very similarly to a triangle. You just have your arms doing all the work and the lapel assisting over the top as your leg would be in a triangle. But it's a very tight submission from the closed guard. If he's able to get that elbow of Gustavo over to the other side, it's a very tight submission. And Malachi up by two advantages. If he's able to get that elbow across, then it is a very tight choke. Malik's opponent is Gustavo Agawa of AOJ. Gustavo dropping down to the light featherweight division for the Pans. Usually would see him compete as a [Applause] featherweight. Malachi took silver at the 2024 Pans. Dropped a match Diego Pto in the final last year. Malai has a really really solid close guard. Malachi with a lot of support in the stands for him. Friends and family came out. [Applause] Malachi sticking with this choke attempt. He's got the lapel wrapped [Applause] around the arm and the neck. Gustavo Agawa climbing his legs up because he's breaking a submission. And there is no stalling. He's actively pursuing this choke. The referee knows that. It's a very smart strategy from the closed guard by Malachi Edmond. He could stay here for five, six minutes if he just kept attacking the choke. Grab. Grab rack. Grab rock. Take your [Applause] leg. Keep your grip. Watch that leg. Now, go. Malachi 2024. Japan silver medalist. He's taken silver at the Worlds and has also won the Europeans. Won that event back in 2023. Gustavo a rookie black belt. It's his first major black belt t black belt championship that he's competed in. Looking for looking for his first major title. I really like the adjustment by Malachi here to get that that guard high and specifically left knee over the shoulder. It's going to make it difficult for Gustavo to bring his right elbow back, which I mean this whole time Malachi has just been trying to bring that elbow across to tighten the choke. And so this is at least going to make it difficult with the waning seconds of the match for Gustavo to do just that. And it's going to secure the two advantage lead victory for Malachi to move on in the bracket. Somebody who has seen that podium many times. [Applause] Frank Suspez is currently working a double under pass on mat number 13. Let's head over there and we'll see that matchup in the corner of Frank Susp is none other than the inimitable Hector Vasquez. Frank on top, Renee Lopez on [Music] bottom. Both training out of Las Vegas, Nevada. Had a chance to chat a bit with Renee a couple days ago. Renee Lopez, 39 years old, said he's never felt better physically. Still competing in the adult division. [Applause] runs his Academy jiu-jitsu methods out of [Applause] Vegas. Right there, brother. [Applause] Frank momentarily looking for what looked like an esteem. [Music] He said Renee Lopez is 39 years old. Does not grapple like one. He's very You would not know by by by seeing how he grapples that he is any older than Frank Susp who is probably in his early 20s. And to be in a place where he feels like he's in his prime physically is is really impressive. Shows the dedication and commitment he puts into his training and his health and fitness. I think that that's what makes these competitors who we see compete and we we know them. It's almost like they're you can forget how old they are because of how impressive they are because they take their diet, their sleep, their their uh their training regimen, their rest very seriously like Vagner Roachcha and Cyborg and these different competitors who have hit the scene and just stayed forever. Renee Lopez proving that same the same fact remains. It's it's true across the board. If you take care of yourself, you can compete for a long time at a very high level. [Music] [Applause] So far, Susp retaining his lead of one advantage. [Applause] Take the left. [Music] Frank with an aggressive stack pass attempt. Looked as though he was trying to flip Renee all the way over into the turtle position. Can't tell if might have gotten poked in the eye or if he's having trouble seeing it. Keeps blinking. Looks like he's having some difficulty. Could be a contact lens. [Applause] Just a little over three minutes left to go as Gutenberg Pereira walks behind the commentary booth. engaged, locked in, ready to go for his semifinal attempt against Gustafa Batista as well as Roberto Gimenez pacing back and forth for his upcoming matchup for his spot in the final. Get the foot off. [Applause] Really tight match here in the light featherweight division. Between Renee Lopez and Francis Pettis. [Applause] Had some great open class action so far today. He needs to move his weight. Throughout the week, we saw some great color belt matches. Look at this. [Applause] That could have been a dangerous situation for Frank here in the last two minutes of the match, only holding this one advantage lead. At this level, one advantage can feel like a giant lead, but this is a great spot for Renee to be able to set up something concrete that can lead to a score or at least even an advantage would be good because then it puts it in the hands of the judges. [Applause] You brought up the color belts this week at the IBJF Pans, Danny, and I feel like as time has gone on, the highest level of purple belt, I mean, they look like black belts in a lot of respects. They're just they're so technical, the level of training and dedication, discipline, the science behind learning this art form, it really has gotten more and more sophisticated, intelligent, and complex. I think of the Mendes Bros and how they their approach to training, their very systematic, their very optimal approach to training. I've talked to people like one of the I think the hidden minds of the sport competitively. Danny Myra is another one of those competitors who tries to optimize jiu-jitsu and it's just becoming more and more sophisticated. Hey Lopez trying to go for a to hold here. This is a good submission. It's going to end up potentially out of bounds. That's an advantage. So now that makes this entire match, we didn't get to see the whole thing, but it makes the match more interesting. Gang, we do have Gabriel Pisagna up right now as well. Believe she's on mat 10. [Applause] That is true. That's going to be another advantage for Renee Lopez here as the match comes to a close, which is going to at least the referee had motion for that. [Applause] It's hard to say who wins that match. We do have Gabby Pagan. is currently competing on mat number nine going for a straight ankle lock and she gets the tap. So once again she does this she does those kind of things. You know we try to pitch to her. I'll try to get a replay of that submission by Gabrieli Pagna after this very close light featherweight battle between Frank Suspettis and Renee Lopez. Appears it's going to go down to a referee decision by which Frank [Applause] [Music] Suspins and in just a brief moment we will get that Gabby Passa submission. You know, we try to pitch to her Danny. She gets the submission a little quicker than we're able to to get over there. All right, so let's take a look at that submission by Gabby Passagna and then we'll take a look at the brackets after that. So here's a look from the close guard. Gets that that ankle lock grip and then puts positions her left knee directly underneath to increase the distance. uses that right knee as a shield. Gets the grip and you know the way that she does it Danny with that leg over the top resting on top of the knee. It is very difficult to get the space back. It's not a very conventional look at the ankle lock. Now look at what look at what is coming up here on flow grappling. The female open class division Danny want to talk us through how it went down. Female open class division bracket. We got Gabriel Pagna who we just saw finish a straight ankle lock over Solace Samoa. Also had a submission by Armbar in her quarterfinal. She'll take on Isidora Silva of Dream Art in what should be an amazing black belt absolute female open class final. Got Roberto Jimenez coming up. He'll be taking on Marcus Scooby Hero in one of our semi-finals in the black belt male open class division. On the other side, we'll have Gustavo Batista, Gutenberg Pereira, Roberto's had some really exciting matches today at the pants. Jake Roberto Himenez certainly one of the most interesting characters in the jiu-jitsu scene both on and off the mat. This is an electric matchup if we've seen if we've ever seen one today. Scooby and Roberto black belt semi-final here at the pans. We're underway. [Applause] Roberto immediately shoots in. Goes out of bounds. They're going to reset back. [Applause] Scooby pulls [Applause] guard. I'm sorry. Roberto takes Scooby down for two points. Scooby in the guard. Oh, Roberto on an arbar. Oh my goodness. Roberto Jimenez. Oh, Marcus Scooby. Marcus Scooby seems to say that he did not tap. Wow. Wow. That armbar came on lightning quick by Roberto Jimenez. I I think we would need to see a replay of like exactly what happened. Did Did Marcus Scooby tap? Did he not tap? Is there? Let's see. So, Roberto gets two. He's directly over the top of Scooby Hero. And then this is a look at the arm bar. So, the arm bar was straight. The thumb is down. But it's hard to see what the right hand of Scooby was was doing cuz it all comes down to the right hand. Roberto seemed sure. Roberto seemed like he understood. Scooby had tapped. Wow. Okay. Well, Bernnez is in the absolute final. He's going to take on the winner of Gutenberg Pereira and Gustaf Batista. But my goodness, what an absolute