Kind: captions Language: en Professor, is everything alright, professor? My brother, what's up? It fell Teacher, Let's go, master. All is well? Net there People, side and yellow F just waiting Right in the guy's face here. You're going to catch it. v ficar falando perto do outro vez. If you see that it's not going to work, so we don't waste time because distracts Hey, bro? Hi, hi, hi, hi. Sound. Hi, hi, hi, hi. Okay. Hey, Hi, hi, hi. Are you listening to me? Perfect. Loud and clear. Loud and clear. I'm listening over there. But Yes, only one side. One side. No. Hi. Hi. Can you hear me? But are you listening to me? Can you hear me? Are you listening to me? Hey. Can you hear me? I can hear you quietly. Shorty. Can you hear me? No, not him, he It improved. Amaral. Hi. Hi. Test, test, test. Talking. I I'm listening. Vlei. Hey. Hi, hi, hi, Hi, Frank. Hi, sound. Hi, hi, hi, hi, hi. Are you listening to me, Amaral? Hey, hey, sound. Okay, Vanderlei, talk to me. Okay? Talk to me, Vanderlei. I'm listening, chat. I'm listening to you quietly, Amaral. AND, What's going on, Amaral? Don't tell me I hear. I'm so close to you, my brother. Yes, I think that's why. So, is that it? It will be? I'm going further. I'm going out of I understood. I understood. And Vanderley doesn't want to talk to me. I I don't understand. Vlei. Vanderley. Oh, Vanderley. Can you hear me clearly now? Are you listening? good? I'm listening to you okay. now. Okay. Oops. Loud and clear. Loud and clear. Loud and clear. Can you hear yourselves? I'm listening Amaral. Vanderlei doesn't want to talk to me. Hey, hey, hey, sound. Hey. I don't listen to Vanderlei. I didn't hear it. Verlei hasn't yet. Hi. Hi. I listen My friend Amaral. The only one missing here is the middle player, Vanderle. Hi. Hi. Sound. Hey. Speak up, speak up. Hi. Hi. Hi. Test. Don't speak into your microphone. Oh, everything will turn out alright. True. Hi. Hi, Great Lucas. my warrior analyst. And tell me something. Hey. Hi. Sound. Okay, but I'm not listening to you. I'm listening, but I'm not... listening. Hey. We didn't listen to Vanderlei. Hi, hi, Lucas. Vanderlei is the only one missing. Hey, Hi, hi, hi. Beauty. Vanderlei is the only one missing. The one in the middle of It's kind of like we don't listen. THE Arrascaeta. Hi. Hi. Test. Hi. Now you've messed with the audio. I think it's possible now. Hi. Hi. Okay. listening? What was muted there? Hi. Sound. Hi. Hi. Test. Something for us to keep an eye on. Hey, can you hear me? Amaral? Amaral is Are you listening to me? Hi. Hi. Hi. Sound is, is it? Hearing in shock? Excellent. Speak up. Yes, I am. Okay. OK. Everything's alright, kind of sideways like that. Hi. Hi. Sound. Hi. Amaral's. I'm being low. Can you put just one? Hi. Hi. Test. Hi. Sound. There's a scheme here. Then it was good. Here's the water. This water is for you. This is for you. Thank you very much. It will only show up if you put it there. I go Take it there. Get another one. It's open over there. P you shock. It's so good I can hear it. from here listening. We're not going to listen to you. you Whatever we talk about, we're going to talk about it. microphone, Okay? Is it closed? Hey, can you hear me now? Are you Are you listening? Can you listen to me properly? Okay Can I hear you? More or less my mouth? Can you hear me? Beauty. Hi, family. And now, what do you think I am? I love you I'm listening. Only one side. I hear. And now it continues to be added. Hi. Hi. Hi. Sound. Test. Hi. Hi. Sound. Hi. Hi. Hi. Test. It's both. Hi. Hi. Oh, I'm going to speak here. Then you move one away. side. Hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, Hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi. Sound, Sound, sound. Hi, hi. Are you listening? It's just that one side, one side is higher than the other. So it is, That's the difference, you understand? Mine's fine. No, I'll bring that one. Handheld microphone for you, okay? There You will be able to have a conversation. That one's awesome. That one's great! here. Okay. I bet okay He sees well. From the. Do you want me to lie down? Here it will stay, But it's possible to stay up for 4 hours, even if it's strenuous. Can we talk for 4 hours? I don't know, I'm not saying otherwise. It's better to give a little bit like this 4 hours. No, Calm down, calm down, man. Speak up. Hi, sound. Hey, can you hear me? Hi. Hi. The other side. I listened, I listened to myself quietly. Hey. Keep talking, apostle. Give me another one. Hi, hi, hi, hi. Rafa. Hi. Hi. Can you hear me? Where? Hey. Hey. Can you hear me? Are you listening to me? And where is it? Here it is. Here it's kind of signaling It's Hamzinho again. It returned. It's the Hammer whole. Hi. Hi. But they will succeed, they will. You can hear yourself here, right? No leg. Hi. Hi. Yes. That's fine. Beauty. Listen to Rafa. Go to have roasted. Char stopped. He was. It was a mistake. It's OK. Beauty. Where is Amaral? That's because I turned off the microphone. Hi, hi, hey. Beauty. Hey, mine's OK, you guys! Listen, it's fine. I'm not going to use this. My return is going great too, But there's a slight hissing sound at the end, you know? It's going to get in our way here, brother. Come on, let's do a normal stick, without I'm really coming back. And damn, Scared, dude. No, he'll speak first. Look, look up there. Go. Hi. Hi. That's beautiful, isn't it? Say hi. And there, Give us a shout-out on the blue line. Hey, blue belt holder. of the transmission. The orientation of The transmission is facing that way so as not to There's noise there, you can hear the microphone. People can capture it here. Oior, the. A little cheesy ending. It stopped. Don't let their camera show up here, okay? Leave it without Throw it down. Luiz, Luiz. Prepare for That's what we asked for the most, man. We asked for it. Compliment this table here. Rose my friend. Congratulations, my boy. Always good. 3 2 1 And we Get ready to open there. Samuca is going to start It won't show up. Hey, already The afternoon begins from the bottom up. AND, Give this to Melissa, please. AND, These are people who are here, man. Take a look. The biggest submission wrestling event in Brazil, where the best athletes in the world meet. where our home athletes face off, where the athletes from our country are competing. They have the opportunity. Today the eyes of the world are turned. to Manaus. Today the champions will defend their titles and new names will be written in history. Manaus will not be More the same. The world of sports does not It will be more or less the same. Ladies and gentlemen, Welcome to the sixth edition of Magic PJJ Challenge. Hey, You know what I mean? That's normal, right? Okay, are you listening to me? there? Oh, no. Hey. Global visibility, live broadcast from Flow Grapplin on YouTube. Thank you to everyone who is present. family members of athletes, athletes Athletes, sports fans. To thank also our broadcast team wonderful that will be playing chords there For those who have it at home. Paulo Choque, the our dear Ricardo Amaral, professor Vanderlei Oliveira, who will set the tone. That's for everyone who's at home. through narration. On the tracks interviewing our athletes, giving A voice to the champions, Ivone, who is already there. There in the corner, just waiting for the moment. for everything to happen. And we couldn't Without failing to thank our supporters, sponsors, who transformed this At that moment, they made all of this possible. AND That's where I start with Master Frigo, Graken, Amazon BJJ, Megatugi, Body Monster Supplements, 3D Alarms, Haru Camisaria, Quartos Quartes Elite, Doctor Guaraná, Mega Quick Printing, Wink, the International Wrestling Federation Free Sports, Fil, New Hotel, hotels and resorts. Thanks also to Manaus City Hall, Manaus in the background. Solidária and the Municipal Secretariat of Youth, Sports and Leisure. And of course, the this incredible and wonderful audience that He is here tonight. Do Lots of noise because now is the time. that you all were waiting for. It's going to stir things up, it's going to stir the soul, it's going to messing with the body of whoever steps on that tatami mat and those who vibrate on bleachers. Now, gentlemen, the moment has arrived, There will be 16 fights, with 32 athletes competing. put your technique to the test to decide who The winner will be whoever achieves it. glory of becoming a champion of Majestic BJJ Challenge this Friday edition. And now we can call the first one. Night challenge. And the first challenge of the night is... It's only just beginning, the first fight. in the 52 kg category, with a duration Expected time of 4 minutes. She who is a world champion, a Manus Open champion, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu champion, representing the Maades Lau academy Gitson. Gabriela Ladisl. That's it. Gabriela Ladislau walking towards to the Majestic Tatami. It's the one at night. Good evening Amaral. Good Night, Shock. Good evening, from [source] team more. And on the other side of that confrontation, She is the Amazonian champion, champion. North-Northeast, North Brazilian Champion, representing the Enoque Martins academy, Emily Victory. Now the athlete is appearing on the screen. Emily Vitória. She who is from the academy Enoch Bruno Sila is the daughter of the professor. Enoch, right? Exactly. Professor En Bravo! Eno's son is getting better every day. I'm sure they'll present it at one. excellent That's right, my friends, fasten your seatbelts and stop. to arbitrate this confrontation, the professor Jander Acres. Alright everyone. Remember that this The fight is for up to 52 kg and lasts 4 minutes. duration between the athlete who is with the ankle bracelet to differentiate Gabriela Ladislau and Emily Vitória is wearing black leggings. The fight began. movement And it's already gone up there, look. It already pulled to guard. It's already happening, it's already on guard there. interesting, already aggressive, searching for a leg over there. Are you trying to do that leg? to look for a scratch card, while you're... trying to get through under pressure. Let's see the What's going to happen there? That's it. It's in a, it's in a guard there. Let's go. Emily is going to now changing of the guard, But Gabriela replaced it correctly. Yes. And this fight is a no-nonsense fight. He's in that fight, lying forward, look. Grabbing the guillotine over there. Let's go. It will be? It will be? Oops, Emily left! He managed to escape the guillotine. Gabriela Ladislau being very Aggressive, right? Jitos, go ahead! attacking. Emily is defending because she knows. that cannot waver. Will it happen? Shave? And it's worth noting that the two of them are very... Well trained, huh, man? It's very good to see That's really, really cool, you know? And with That's the level, huh? Congratulations to both teachers. A very, very good level. Congratulations. That's it. over. The athlete Emily Vitória is trying to pass the guard. Gabriela's. For now, the score is 0-0. Let's see who's going to start the fight there. What a score, huh? The score, right? Let's see who will open the scoring by while. And time goes by. Enoch is there in the background shouting to his daughter. from him. How beautiful! Father him Over there in the corner. That's really cool! synergy. Gabi is feeling pretty safe under that guard, huh? That's it. And the fans are starting to... It's exciting here, isn't it? The large fan base there Gabriela Ladislau, Emily's personal team. Vitória is also celebrating. Gabriel, let's go. Whoops, it almost fell over sideways. there. Emily is strong, she's on top. Passing Watch out, okay? Heading north to south. Hey, Going north to south. Let's see what happens. that the judge will give. I wasn't able to stabilize further. It turned out perfectly. Will she receive an advantage? You have already received it. He already received it, now look. Triangle of hand. Hand triangle And it fits perfectly, huh? Hand triangle fitted. Emily Vitória paying the Hand triangle there, making the triangle hand. The referee Jander stopped and went Pull towards the middle of the mat. Will it happen? Roll two points then? Shock. I thought the blow was in place. probably two points. Let's go, then. So far Emily Vitória is in the lead with an advantage. Let's see if he'll interpret that as... Two points, because the move was well executed. and the combat zone ended. Let's go. The referee receiving information, Analyzing at the table. Analyzing. Let's see how interested he is. Analyzing it right there on the table. Life goes on. Life And here's an advantage for the athlete. Emily Vitória, who is currently in in front, leaving just under 2 minutes until the end of the fight. Oops. And there, let's go. Will he go? It didn't work, huh? Two points. Two points for athlete Emily Vitória, points that now the athlete Gabriele will have to Going after that, huh? AND, It's going to be exciting. 1 minute pro end of combat And if the fight was already good, Amaral and Choque It's going to get even better now, huh? He continues to be under a lot of pressure. Look here, my friend. Now Gabriela He pulled. Will it happen? Just look. And there's that hand triangle again, Emily. It looks like he trained a lot. Hand triangle. Let's go. Defended by Gabriela and returning on foot, now missing 30, 40 seconds until the end of the fight. Amaral and Shock. What a struggle, huh? Already it started The Magtic 6. The girls arrived, welcoming everyone. For everyone out there. Absolutely, absolutely. Now, now is Gabriela's turn. Gabriela closed the deal. huh? Do you understand? Oops, it's closed. It was Amused by the referee who couldn't, But let's go. What did he give? He gave two more, Two more points for Emily Vitória! which now has four points. Now only All that remains is the finalization. 2 seconds And the fight will end. End of fight. Excellent fight. The crowd goes wild and the victory of athlete Emily. A victory by four points zero. Hey Amaral, what's up? What did you guys think of that fight? Well, that was a busy fight, wasn't it? They left us there, we observed that there were two. late-game falling entries, which gave the Four points, right, on the scoreboard. I liked the athletes' performance. They came to fight, they did an excellent job. official fight from the first fight of the night by 4-0, the Nogi champion in the 52 kg category. side. Emily Vitória. That's it. Therefore, the athlete's victory Emily Vitória from the Enoch Bruno Academy Sil. Congratulations, Enoch! Congratulations to you! Bron Nocila team. She really came. well prepared for that That's right, congratulations. It was noticeable that He trained a lot, didn't he, Amaral? Vanderley? That. He played the game perfectly. right? He arrived quite confident. Delivery of our grand champion of the night. In our first fight, councilman Alan Campelo. A women's struggle to begin our own our action. A women's fight that was very dynamic. Killing it at Nogi provided that But my friend Amaral, the women... He can to change. Women always do an excellent job. spectacular. Let's give a round of applause for our champion! Our first fight of the night. And the excitement here can't stop. If were you expecting the show, the The promise already says it all, huh? Let's go there. And now? Let's move on to the second fight category. 43 kg with Kimono with estimated duration and expected in 4 minutes. Let's go to protagonists of the show. He who is the Amazonian champion, champion Brazilian, world wrestling champion free, representing Clube Pinas Jitson. Savio Leon Galician. Come, Sávio, come, the Magesk Tatami is here! He's waiting for you. There's Sávio now, he's the one... It's making its debut on Magest [music] and it's a young man who is quite well known here in regional circuit and also standing out in the national circuit. He entered with personality, appealing to the fans. And there, Shock? I think it's going to be that kind of emotion that... People are used to seeing it all the time, right? He's already here, he's already arrived calling for the fans. on the other side of him. And here we go, let's go! He is the champion of Amazonas, champion Osvaldo Alves, champion of the great Islam, representing the Atos BJJ Academy. Gabriel Amaral. And on the small screen, Gabriel Amaral, he who is From the Atos de Ugitsu Academy, he will now walk towards the Tatami Majestic. The kids are always putting on a show, aren't they? Amaral clashes with Jitso forward, for Up there and the crowd is cheering because they like it. Yes, I'd like to see a fight. And exciting fights, right, man? What It fills us with pride. And to arbitrate this confrontation, the Professor Wellington Marques. Wellington Marques will be the referee there. from this struggle and we see that they are boys, but they arrive with great personality, appealing to the fans. What What's all this, Apostle? That's true, isn't it? It's the kids giving a spectacle and remembering that all the The fights are under IBJF rules, okay guys? AND This fight lasts 4 minutes. The fight has begun, Sávio is already pulling towards... guard And it's already taking over there. She already added a little hook from Dela Riva, already put one dominating the sleeve there of the Kimono, of Gabriel. What is he going to do there? He's trying to break the grip. It's going Taking that into account. Two points for the athlete Sávio do which is already going upwards And you can already tell that he's staying. And the fans are saying it's going to pass. Amaral and shock, huh? He's already comfortable in that situation, isn't he, man? in this game that he imposed And passing right there, dominating the arm. Check out the details there, okay? Kids with black belt gilitso, right? And everything's calm over there, he knows what's going on. doing. Please wait. It needs to stabilize. It's already going to the back, but it should have an advantage. Yes, it went to the side again. It's over now. The guard is three more points away. 5-0 pro athlete Sávio Leon. He's very confident in the game. That's wrong on the scoreboard, okay guys? It's Sávio and Leon who are winning the fight. for 5 a 0. The athlete with the blue kimono And Sávio is very well trained, huh? face. That's right, trained. And it's already passing by, capsizing, passing by. But Gabriel isn't delivering, man. friend. Look at that! He's giving the guy away. this passage. Will it pass? And it looks like it's going to stop soon. Three points there. Total dominance by the athlete Sávio until the Right now, Amará? The shock. And then People are starting to see that the struggle is progressing. for a final touch. Let's go. So, you're following along. directly from the city of Banal Amazonas, Brazil, here from studio 5. Magertic 6.0. He's about to take his little foot out of his sock. That. He's taking it away, pushing it away. You're kidding. That's it. The athlete, the athlete goes out to back. Going to the back. It's not an easy fight. The hooks still need to be attached. Place the hook. It will add four more. points. Let's go. It's going well. I think he It's getting close to the strangulation there. crowd. Let's see. Will it be painted? A conclusion? Amaral Shock. And people are saying it's going to catch on. He Things are getting tight, huh? It's adjusting, it is. adjusting, It's adjusting, it's going up, it's going up. to adjust. Let's go. It's on the collar, on strangulation. He gave up, he's going to... mounted, he preferred to take four more. Points there. Four more points for the athlete. Sávio. Yes, the audience is seeing Gabriel at seven. Points, right? But in reality it's Sávio. Lion. Here's the production crew. And there it is, flashing on the air, look. It's in There's a strangulation there. Where? It's going to Armlock. Double attack. He hit and hit. Therefore, victory for the athlete. Wise Performance, huh? Excellent. Leon from the Pina club is at a very high level. of gilito, huh? From beginning to end, from start to finish. imposing a game. It's already pulled, it's already scraped, There wasn't much. That's it. The winning athlete of the fight It's the athlete in the blue kimono, the athlete Savio Leon. Congratulations to Gabriel Amaral! also that it was a giant and didn't deliver The fight was easy. Aggressive Gilitso from Sávio has already arrived. It's scraping, right? He passed the guard, he caught it. Costa set it up and then at the end when It arrived on the coast, varied, and then went to the air. Final arrow. He is an athlete who already He has a national title and is very good. demonstrating that the future of JITs Amazon fight of the night by submission. the champion of the 43 kg category, Savio Leonê. And to deliver the prize to first champion Male Kids from this event today, Abraham Nitif, lawyer and great supporter of Jitsu. Congratulations to our champion. First finish of the night. Congratulations. Congratulations to Sávio, everyone! over there at the Pina Club. Congratulations. Tough kid, huh? Finishing with Arlecha. That's it, folks. Yes, my friends, this is Majestic PJJ. Challenge. And here the game doesn't stop. Let's go now to the third fight of the night in the 40 kg kimono category fight with the Estimated duration: 4 minutes. She who is the Brazilian champion, the Manus champion Open at the fifth edition of Majestic PJJ Challenging, representing the White Academy House, Maria Eduarda Panda. Come on, little panda, come to the mat of Majestic, he awaits you. Panda that As you already know, she's the champion of Magest, right? AND She's coming for another fight. Amaral and Shock. This girl shows promise. huh? I'll leave the comments to my friend. Amaral. She who always walks around with the little giraffe. Hers, right? Student of Professor Libório, very tough, always fighting forward Looking for a finish, huh? It's the amulet. It's her lucky charm. One side of this dispute. She is the champion of the Manaus International. Open, champion Osvaldo Alves, champion north Brazilian 2025, representing the Skull Top Academy Team. Jess Eduarda Almeida. That's it, the fans are cheering and coming in! heading towards Tatam Magest, the athlete Duda Martins, right? She's a revelation right there. From the Skull Top Academy, a good fight, Amaral and Shock. He arrived in style. On time. The first battle is being fought between the fan groups. The fans are putting on a show too! part. Professor Maadislau, Professor Ma Ladislau is going to the center. from the tatami to see those two girls over there now. Very beautiful, very beautiful show. of the fans, huh, boy. Duda's fans on one side and the fans, Maria Eduarda's fans on the other side, mine friend. Let's go. 4 minutes of combat it started. Maria's cheering has begun. Eduarda is over there on the other side. Duda's It's right here next to us. It must be a gigantic noise in the transmission. And truth. She's already shaking it over there, look! What do I need to bring in? With double leg. Let's see who's going to take the lead. Hey! And it's going grabbing the leg there. Duda It's a game of exchanging blows right there. Maria Eduarda pulled the guard. She has a very aggressive guard, you see. that? Is she leaving already? Oops, he stood up Duda is absolutely right. Oops, double leg. Point leg athlete Maria Eduarda And he held on. Just look. And it already wants to go to the back. It's already done. going to the back. How mature of you! She went up to Let your guard down. She opened it herself and went in. on the legs. Very beautiful. That. Lots of personality in it too. What a game, huh? For now, the athlete, the point of Maria Eduarda winning the fight by 2 to 0. Maria Eduarda who is wearing a kibono blue. for the kids who are watching Hey everyone, so you understand what's going on. happening. And she's already attacking the neck, the little panda. And he's trying Place the second hook there. If you put the second hook on, it will That adds up to four more points, right? Looks like it's catching on, huh? Hey! And Duda managed to reverse the situation. Now she will try to transfer custody of little panda. Will Amaral get through the shock? Look, like I said, Maria's custody Eduarda is a very aggressive guard. If Look at this. Oops. Oh, she replaced it correctly. Eduard Duda is already running from one side to the Another one, conducting that raid. If she lowers The hip, pay close attention. Oops. Op. Good defended For the little panda that didn't deliver, huh? He absolutely refused to hand over the ticket. What kind of struggle is this, guys? The little panda pulls right away. Pand, He's already pulled up a guard. GCL has to set a pace for her. to be able to even the score in this fight. And now Duda is trying to pass on custody. of the little panda. She ran to the side, she's trying over there. Look at his arm. Look at that arm! That. Aou. Duda was so quick, wasn't she? He already won one. Take advantage now. Advantage. And the crowd, oops, caught their backs. He grabbed my back there, totaling more four points and it's going to the archery range fight. The arrow will fly into the air. Will it catch on? Will it catch on? It didn't work. It wasn't possible for Maria Eduarda. What a touching loss, everyone. And at Duda Martins' comeback. It wasn't Pandinha's day. Can you finish off the Panda? What a struggle! What a beautiful fight. Amaral and shock. What What did you think? Very pretty there. It breaks my heart. The fight was prepared, it took both initial points, managed to have emotional balance, he started to do passing by, turning there, turning towards north south, he insisted, insisted until he arrived On its way, it will reach the coast and to arrive and get that finish right there. In the little panda. It's, in addition to congratulating the athletes, Congratulations to the teams here, and to the fans! They're putting on quite a show. Very, very, very good. That gives you goosebumps, doesn't it? What Amazing, right? Athlete crying. THE little panda, I can't stand this anymore, Amaral. That hurts. That hurts. My friend Amaral doesn't do that to me. But you deserve congratulations too. Panda. Duda, you guys make the most of it. Our Amazonian jitso was spectacular. impose your game. The official result of third, There's still a lot of story ahead. He still has a huge career ahead of him. follow. Completion the champion Eduarda Duda. That's it. The Caveira Top athlete is very strong. Team. Congratulations! well-trained, fitness up to date, congratulations. He didn't win against just any athlete. All the struggles today are very hectic. dynamics, the children making the most of Our presence today is warming and very... That's good for our main cardio routine. And this is just the beginning, folks. Already There were three fights. Look at that double leg! Congratulations [music] A beautiful ending. This is the final step of Look at the moment of the strangulation. Did you notice that she didn't give up there? trying to get past the guard, Black belt heinization, right? That's it. Congratulations to all the athletes! the two who dedicated themselves, worked and They had the courage to step onto that mat. and put their techniques to the test. And that there. And now, ladies and gentlemen, the fourth fight of the night, because the show It has to continue. On one side, he Osvaldo Alves is the champion. Amazonian, representing the Academy Amazonas Top. John Lucas and only treat Lucas, who is coming now in that direction. to the Majest team. He who does his A prayer before entering the tatami. He's from academia. What can we expect from this fight, my friends? On the other side of this battle, he who is the Amazonian champion, champion Osvaldo Alves, representing Orley Lobato Academy. Luiz, That's right, the athlete Éder Luiz is coming in heading towards the Magesque Tatami Orlei Lobato Academy. There are two lanes green and the fans are putting on quite a show part. And to decide what to expect. from this struggle, my friends, the professor two juvenile green belts, that the belt Green is the black belt of the kids, right? Because after that it's all just blue, then that 16 years. And truth. Let's go. And it has They both look like they're good, huh? Thick box. Let's see what happens. to happen. The fight begins. The group is asking a lot here about whether The entire event will be streamed on YouTube. Yes, the entire event will be broadcast on Frepplin's YouTube channel. Let's go. The fight started 4 minutes ago. also the duration of this fight. Deimono, Wearing a black kimono, we have the athlete. João Lucas and Mono Branco, the athlete Éder Luiz. Lobat breaking the footprint. The athlete Éder, a studied white fight and black demon, João Lucas. John Luke pushing the athlete who's going there outside the fighting area, outside the combat zone. THE Jander pulls the two athletes towards the middle. so that the fight can continue. We're heading into the first minute of fight. Remember that this category is for ages up to 72. kg. Amaral shock. 15 years old weighing 72 kg. They're tall and very strong kids, right? Portion Things are different from our time, huh? True. [laughter] They're eating too much, cover these up here. Boys, huh? It's different from ours. time. It's different. Let's switch things up there. Oops. Athlete Éder Luiz is taking the initiative. from above. And the people here are saying, the The public is saying it will pass. It will be What's going on? João Lucas is on the defensive. João Lucas is standing there with his guard up, look. Already He's adjusting the collar over there. What's going to happen? come? But Éder Luiz was playing to the side. Hey, He's now gone to the changing of the guard. He's trying to grab the bag, you know? at the bottom of the pants And conducting the blitz, right? Let's see if John Lucas will hold out for a long time. But he's building the shield over there. Has it already been replaced? Guard again. João Lucas is keeping watch, right? 15 years old, huh? You're welcome when he is an adult strong. Yes, but then there's Éder Luiz, Éder is already causing trouble over there. Luiz isn't giving up. Shock. He's giving the Brit, he's looking at time. Is he tired of it, Amaral? But with all this pressure for a Just a quick pause to catch your breath, don't do it. No one is hurt. The score is currently 0-0. The athlete João Lucas in a black kimono and the athlete Éder Luiz de Two very strong athletes And now he managed to close it. Just 15 years old. Yes, my friend Amaral. Yes, he said, says the, says the identity that Yes. Yeah, [laughs] No, all joking aside. There are two of them. Big boys, huh? What's coming next? showing great strength. A different kind of feed. That's it, Vanderley. It's a different kind of feed. This one here That's turbocharged, huh, my friend. Let's go. Trying to pass the guard there, Éder. Luiz and the athlete João Lucas were already there. He fitted the triangle into place. It fit. João Lucas' triangle, but defended. very good defended. It's Luiz, Will there be an advantage involved? Apostle? Let's see what you're going to interpret. while the athlete settles in there. Okay Giving it that extra value, you know, to get it. that one, that separate breath. I didn't see the fitting. Amaral, what What do you think? It didn't quite fit. no. It didn't quite fit. That much that he managed to leave with a certain ease. What are we seeing here? That's because they're talking about here in the chat. several states here, embracing each other. We are very happy, very happy. even though everyone's watching here in Manaus. Today it's Éder Luiz now little, my friend. He's getting close to passing by, but he can't because João Lucas replenish quickly and He's got a really well-trained guard there. huh? Fast. That. And João Luiz is even... at the moment winning the fight, but very strong. Stabilize. Yeah, the shields are doing well. Éder comes over to the side, he does everything I work, but I can't find stability. right? THE He's working well with his knees there. so as not to let the athlete pass. And now it's going to get exciting. 10 seconds before the end of the fight and John Lucas is winning now. He values, closes its guard very intelligently. He's managing the fight. AND it ended. The fight is over. This fight, which is the fourth, the fourth Fight of the night, Amaral and Choque. What What did you think of the result? They showed great willingness, they showed That's a lot of strength, isn't it? One came to do guard and one to pass, but really João Lucas's guard was closed off there, right? It seemed more insurmountable, didn't it? Two big boys, two boys who They used a lot of force. Hey, Shock? And it's worth highlighting that There's still a long way to go. Let's train a little more and that's it. And so, the show goes on. Let's go! AND That's right, you guys are following this. which was the fourth fight of the night and we We're going to the fifth fight, and the fifth one will be... Gui is between two women. And the official result of the fourth fight of night, and, the champion of the 72 kg category with a kimono, John Lucas. That's it. Victory for [musician] João Lucas for an advantage. Éder Luiz is crying, my brother. No Don't cry. Lift your head, you still a difficult situation ahead. You are a champion. also. Check out the highlight, the best ones! Moments of the fight. He worked his mouth pants, arrived from the side. It was just missing, it was just missing believe a little more in this leap to over there, But it's about getting to the gym and training. Quite a lot. Let's go. Lucas Levi. Let's go. Congratulations to our champion. Our preliminary position is packed with great battles. Another champion. giving following the show. Let's move on to the fifth fight of the event. And now. She which is the Amazonian champion, that Inogi, champion of the qualifying round of Brazilian Championship representing the Academy Otávio Almeida Brasília Judits It's Braga Pit. Yes. That's it, coming towards Tatam, the athlete Ster Pitbull already on the mat, athlete Rafaela and will fight against and on the other side of this dispute, she which is the Brazilian champion. two-time champion of the Magic PJ Challenge Kids, representing the Youth Academy Ambassadors, Rafaela Birth. Rafaela Nascimento is coming now in Tatami direction. It's gonna be a big fight, huh? It's going to be Lutão, Ester, who is a victorious athlete, facing another very successful athlete. What do you [Music] there? It's worth pointing out that it's a 65 kg fight, right? So, we'll probably have one there. strong, fierce combat, two warriors. It's up to you, Amaral. There we are, seeing Leo in the corner. of young ambassadors of Rafa and her teacher, Luiz Otávio with Rafa is a really tough athlete, huh? face. It's dragging all the competitions. A 4-minute combat in Gui, let's there. Don't blink, battle begins. Let's go. Combat begins. Aleta Ester with that distinctive strap around the ankle And Rafaela has already pulled the guard. It's her game, right? Esté is diving in there, trying to passing by, she got up and didn't let the athlete go. Rafaela will go upstairs. That's it. Look, the The tatami mat became too small. It became too small. True. The referee will lead the fight again in center of the tatami. Amaral is receiving guidance over there. Let's see what happened. It happened? What do you think? I I'll have to owe you one, my friend. Vanderley. Let's see what the referee is doing. As I told you not to blink, I I ended up blinking and making a mistake. Let's go. The referee receiving command there. The team is already answering questions and Passing the buck to him. Let's see what what will happen. Will there be a foul, a Advantage or not? Keep following along. 0 to 0, Everything is normal. The fight continues. Let's go. And athlete Ester Up again. Rafa Pitbu is really determined in that part. That's intense, huh? See? We are seeing the real thing here. a confrontation between a female guard and the ironing board. We always noticed that Rafa That's tough, isn't it? And the Pitbull accepts it well. That's it, and wanting to move on now by using it. Changing the strategy slightly. Here we go. They are switching on top. Let's see who's going, who's going to take advantage. Athlete op. Oops. She went there to Let's go, everyone. What a struggle, huh? What a struggle. Pitbull is calm. Okay Logical, right? A strategic struggle. The athlete Rafaela Nascimento, the game She's pulling and Este is passing by, she left the neck. Oops, the tatami mat is too small. It was nothing, apparently. The fight continues. Let's go. The fight continues. We're approaching the halfway point of... fight. So far, 0-0. Oops, it was in CL. It was a double. Will they get the two points? Two points for stepbu athlete that is She went to the single, it didn't work out, and then she went to the... Quick double. It varied, didn't it? Variation. She is showing herself to be calm in this. A fight, huh? That. And they've already opened the scoring there, 2-0 up. Athlete Stepbu is doing justice to It's a nickname, right? Okay, that's true, that's true. We reached the halfway point of the fight with a 2-0 lead. For a Pitbull, right? Let's see if she... will manage to get past the guard of the Rafa, right? From Rafa, right? Rafaela has to open now. the black box there to try to do something. Rafaela is trying to grab it over there. Quimurra, but let's go. Given how strong the steppe is, with these two points in the lead, She's managing it, right? It's not attacking the arm. Rafaela wants to Attack the arm there, look. Managing. What if Estar? I don't know if that's a good strategy. huh. Oops, that's a tough one. She's no fool, right? Look, they're already attacking from the other side. THE Rafaela seems to have trained well, huh? I don't know if attacking is a good strategy. This arm, right? Well, but Esté is with with the defense up to date. Your defense is up to date. And time just keeps passing, doesn't it? If Rafaela doesn't change her strategy, not change, truth, She's going to end up losing the fight. What do you think, Amaral? I think that should work in that open guard, huh? Rafa should pick it up and open it. guard, start working on something else That's really not working. He tried. He tried to go one way, but tried to end it the other. opening up that guard of hers. And the Pitbull is doing very calmly. Good Strategy, huh? And the fans are on their feet here cheering for... Pitbull, right, bro? Rafaela too there he is receiving guidance from your partner, listening there asking to lower their guard. You can feel the heavy hips, look. That. And she is, she really believes it. nessa kibura. You really believe that? But let's see if it catches on. the corner. The corner is asking for Let her guard down so she can take more risks. She's giving it her all in those 30 seconds. there in that kimoura. 30 seconds until the end of the fight, huh? 30 seconds. Rafa isn't in a So far, victory is in the hands of Pitbull. It's in Pitbull's hands. I think Rafaela had to start. It varies, doesn't it? I'm sure it varies, because she's... trying Aimura, but she is defending it. experience of looking at this guard Open, man. Put a little hook there, Try to scrape. I think it was the best. That's a request, huh, Rafa? That's a victory! from Steptbu who managed the fight with great intelligence. With very intelligent, aware from the start. I thought Rafaela seemed a little nervous. And the crowd was cheering, huh? He even received a foul for not combativeness, but she put the book with a ruler under his arm and knew that I had enough time for two. points ahead. If I were to take another penalty That would still be an advantage. So it was Perfect for her. I preferred Excellent point, Amaral. Beautiful placement. And her teacher there, Otávio. Almeida, request to hold. Official result of the fifth fight of night by points to zero, the champion Nogi da category 65 kg. This is Prague. Pitp. Another victory for Pitbull. Rafaela He fought believing a lot in that. She's keeping it safe, right? But it really didn't work out. I think the sin was standing guard. closed the prize for our champion, Councilman Eduardo Assis, great Division sports promoter. Highlight our athlete. Finishing up our preliminary car. with a women's fight at Gui, yet another This time representing the girls of Tatami. Congratulations, Pitbull. And the drone is flying around in here. huh? Yes, the drone is flying around here. Studio C. Very good. That's how it is, it's already happened. five fights, Five fights out of a 16-fight card, right? If The preliminary round is over. C fights. And we're not breathing. Here too, right, man? There's no time to breathe, is there, Ch? It's not working. This was the preliminary card. Magespess PJJ Challenge, sixth edition. Imagine the what is yet to come. We will begin shortly. to tonight's main card. But first We have to talk about culture, because Culture and sport go hand in hand. THE Jiu-jitsu, the grappling style, has transformed into something so big for our people that Today it's part of us, it's our culture. And as I said before, the eyes The eyes of the world are on Manaus today. And we'll take the opportunity to share. with them our culture, from where We came because we are strong, because we are Amazonians. Okay, okay. There is water. To take water. To catch it, right, bro? To take Gabriel. You're doing well, Lucas. That's great. Let's go. Only him. The breed is top-notch. Gabriel. Oh, no. I got. He picked up. [music] Go Oops, that's a lie. Leo, Leo. No. back. warrior, to those [music] to those I [music] I am now in this part. [music] They will, the [music] heavy. I'm telling him to do things. but it closes if there's a shortage what is missing to what war. put a God disguised as a price, silenced by prist book my God Fire and my laws, but I will share the fire of the fire do nas foot [music] in the gaze. to haunt no one else you will be de flota is a party animal because of so much Minutes [music] Pa. Come, come, come, come, come. What a spectacle, ladies and gentlemen. This is Amazonas, this is culture. And that It's beautiful when our sport becomes part of our culture. Let's begin with tonight's main card. those fights that will definitely messing with you guys here in the stands and with those who are at home. Make a brief Here's a summary for you to pay attention to and not to lose these battles. We will have Ludmila Silva facing Tainá Guimarães. We will have Rebeca Souza facing Luzileia Bitencu. We will have Ricardo Yoshito against Gabriel Castro. Lorena Holanda versus Juliana Aleixo. William Cout versus Caio Almeida. Gabriel Caboja versus Léo Lara. Vittor Hugo versus André Júlio. Alessandro Amorim faces off against Daniel Big Big. We will have Lipe Machado facing off. Thalison da Silva. Thalison is great! Shock. We will have Luis Paulo versus Isaac. Baiense and the big fight of the night, Fabrício Andrei versus Gabriel Souza. Or So, fasten your seatbelts because we're going... to start the main card of Majestic BJJ Challenge, sixth edition. And now, ladies and gentlemen, without further ado. delays, the sixth fight of the night in category 55 kg with kimono fight with estimated duration 6 minutes. And for this challenge we will call she, which is the Amazonian champion, the northern champion Brazilian, Manaus Open champion, representing the Aníbal Jitso Academy. of Mila, Lamb, athlete from the Aníbal Gilgitsu Academy, A striped stripe, right? A purple one with the striped stripe, coming towards the middle of the mat Majestic, already waiting for her opponent. to complete this duel. who is world champion, Brazilian champion Gui and Nou Gui, representing the Academy. Melk Galvão, Tainagarã and athlete Tainá Guimarães lifting the I'm rooting for you here, Amaral, Large fan base. Large fan base. She's a really tough athlete, isn't she? Apostle, The resume says it all, right? It's going to be an interesting fight. a very experienced athlete, Lud from the Níbal Academy is also a extremely tough athlete. Professor Maissa Ladislau. Now the women have taken over. tatami mat. Now it's up to them. It's women fighting and women Arbitrating, right, Professor Mai? Anyway, Let's go to the fight. Metic. But women's struggles are always struggles. very good. And remember that this fight is 6 minutes away, Okay? This fight lasts 6 minutes. It started Wearing a white kimono, the athlete Tainag Guimarães from the Melk Galvão Academy and the Ludmila de Queimono Preto by Nibal Gil Gitsu. Athlete Ludmila has already pulled guard. huh? So Ludmila started pulling. Really quickly. To Tainá also trains in judo. So Ludmila He pulled it quickly. Boy, if she goes up It was two points, right? But the basis played a chip Tainá is very strong there, strong hips, Very strong, but it's a struggle. Interesting, isn't it? That's it. Already two athletes who know what they're doing Doing what you're doing, huh? The most experienced athletes, right? They already are purple stripes and then with a really heavy hip there, throwing the pressure on the leg of the light. Any slip-up is fatal. You have to be careful. It was the first one. One minute, 5 minutes of the fight left. Hard work on the leg grip there, the, which is making the work of difficult And Ludimira, Ludimira is a guardian, right? He has a strong guard. guard. And the footprint there is up to date, huh? That's it. Let's go, everyone. Look, Look, you're going to paint those two dots there. Ludmila, My friend, what was that? Going up, But Tainá was clever, wasn't she? Tainá was clever. and an advantage In front there is the athlete from Aníbal Jitson a Ludmila winning the fight so far by a advantage, but it's there That's a complicated situation, huh? Ludm's strong guard. And there she is showing Amaral in shock that she Play it both high and low, oh. And now and truth, right? She went up, placing, She went up, almost made the point, won a advantage, but it's already there, it's already there, look, He started fencing and is going to the track. It will be Is she going to shave it? Let's see if there's going to be a scraping of the bucket. And Tainá is still under pressure. A little hip there, knee crossed, trying to pass. Yes, Tainai's game is over. everyone from Tainai. That's enough. of side. It goes north-south side. Another ball very hard. AND It didn't pass. let's go. You didn't include that in your calculations, did you? It didn't pass. It has the advantage. Let's see what the advantage is. He received the Advantage now, therefore, the fight is tied. One to one in advantages. There's only one hook there, right, Amaral? Yes, there's a little hook there. She's getting Adjusting things, right? Experience shows that No need to jump, right? Look here, go! Arrive calmly at this coast. All indicates. The fight is tied, with each fighter having an advantage. And she already has her little hand on the collar over there. Luckily, the athlete turned around at the right moment. That's right, because she was already going to receive a bow. Flash, huh? No, it didn't pass. It's in the sock. That's it. Now the athlete Tainá Guimarães. Two advantages there for two advantages. He managed to do his fencing there. I I don't know if Ludmila got tired. What What do you think? I think the adrenaline is too high. She has to pull herself together to see if she Can you do something about it, man? That. Therefore, Tainad that Mono Branco Mel Galvão from the Academy is winning the combat for two advantages a He seems very calm there. And now, Look how cool, huh? It was very fast, He's moving and has already caught the ball. She's going for the finale. It has three advantages over L of Mila, It's in a favorable position. And now you're going to try to put the hooks on. But Ludmila is defending well. Shock. He's defending very well, yes. Amaral, you see the calm there, it's a struggle. very technical, very good, right? A a where both athletes know what they are doing Doing what you're doing, huh? That. Now go over there, look. Athlete Ludmila embraced in the single, foiado, But Tainá defended him, right? Are you with Judas, huh? Is it possible to breathe? Maral, my friend Vanderlei. Tainá. Unless I'm mistaken, Tainá was a student of... Professor Dejan from Judo, right? She comes from Yes, very well done. Janir's teacher. You can feel that heavy hip there. That's a rock formation, huh? Oh, my friend Amaral, Professor Mel. He let go of his arm. He left his arm there. engaged. Will something happen? Is there a crucifix there? Look at that. Is that so, my friend? Oh no, she left, didn't she? And it goes to the back. Flash is going live. Look, That's a real strangulation, huh? Go to the plow. Hey there! And it was for the arch. And he succeeded. Ludmila managed to get out, boy. Lila, What's that all about? What an interesting fight, huh? One more advantage. That ball was positioned like this, I was. I perceived That was a great save, huh? Yeah, I noticed that people are using it. Lots of archery today, huh? Yes, it seems like this is the end of the night. that. Let's see what's going to happen there. On the other hand, there are still many battles to fight. Did Dana say that whoever finishes... Does Ark Fcha earn a bonus? Is that so, my friend? Amaral and Shock. The fight is good, but the The clock never forgives. It's making me want to fight too. 50 seconds left in the fight. What do you think, Amaral? These old lions here, boy, [laughs] Makes you want to fight, doesn't it, Cho? Attending. Wow, the shock that fought the Well, right? He fought harder. I've already fought two. I've already fought two. I had the opportunity to fight in both editions of No, it was in the first one. It was in the first one, and in the second one too. And in the second one. It was in the first one and in the second. Look, now there are less than 30 left. seconds until the end of the fight. Six advantages for an athlete. The little hook over there by Luz made all the difference. there. Wow, Tainá ended up passing, huh? He got through, he got past the guard right at the end. The guard was passed. It will count as three. Points for the athlete. Ta Six more advantages. Missing, with 5 seconds remaining until the end of the fight. They act regressively. Victory for the athlete Tainá Guimarães by three points to zero from the Melk Galvão Academy. 10 minutes of combat. The crowd applauds. Good fight. Congratulations. Awesome! Tainá Guimarães became Majestic 6.0 champion. Congratulations to Ludmila too. for Ludmila who also She's got a boring one, huh? Node Tainá managed to get through at the very end. It's very hard, very hard. But that's it, an excellent fight from girls, It left nothing to be desired. The guard and the passer. He gave That's a great ironing board, huh? It was the sender. He won again there. showing that it's here to stay in Majestic, isn't it? Tainá Guimarães, she who She is a multi-champion of gitso. And that God Also bless the athlete Ludmila Silva, He put on a wonderful fight. Congratulations to both athletes. That's it, our jits Heads up, let's go! Our jitso is there, every day that passes revealing more talent there, right? Professor Amaral? True, true. Tainá, who already... She showed, you know, that she's a judoka, right? He also proved to be a very good guard player. Right, a lot of pressure, right, fighting a lot. Well, yeah, and the fight was wonderful. One Great fight. Congratulations to both of you. Congratulations, congratulations. And the official result of the sixth fight of night by a score of 3-0, the champion of the 55 kg category wearing a kimono. Taina Guimarães. Lovely. This was the sixth fight of the night and Now we're going to the seventh fight of the night. And it's going to be a black belt fight, right? First fight of the main card. Fernando Barros, president of FAG Pro. There's Fernando Barros, the president of... FA Pro handing over the trophy. Great fight, huh? Two women from the Amazon region. I'm going to have a little chat here with... We're trying to find out from her what it was like to be there. for the first time here on the stage of Majest, and this time for the whole world. to attend. Tell me. Very happy. First, I want to thank... God. Second To Leo, and to Master LC for the opportunity. I'm very happy because I always I was prepared. an opportunity And that day has arrived. Congratulations, Tainá! Our champion. I saw it, I saw it, I saw it. the women are already doing our opening from the main card of Mages, which we There's still a lot to happen. tonight. Now two black belts. That's it, folks. And the show goes on. Let's move on to the next battle. And what What can we expect from this next battle? With increasingly technical athletes, with a wonderful fans Here today. Let's go, Another battle of the night, the seventh fight. in the 65 category kg common, with a fight scheduled for 8 minutes. Let's call she. She is the Amazonian champion, the world champion of wrestling, Amazonian champion of Fijan and from Fe pro, representing the Academy White House, Rebecca Souza. And here she comes, Rebeca Souza, heading in that direction. to the Tatami Mat at the Majestic, White House. AND Hey, Amaral? There smile [music] right in Wow, Amaral, what a face! She's our teacher there, our teacher. At the White House, she's also a great athlete. Let's go see. She has been training a lot. Let's see what she brought for us. [music] And on the other side of this war, she is champion of the Manaus International Open, representing the Cvalho de Gitso club. Luzileia Benc. And here comes Luzia BC from Clube Cvalho, who will face Rebeca Souza. That This is the seventh fight of the night and it has... 8-minute duration, fight up to 65 kg. Old, two black belts. And to make this confrontation appear, Professor Maisa Ladislau. What can we expect, my friend? Amaral? We can expect a lot of dynamism, right? They've fought before, right? and if They know them, so we know they're coming to... Finally, they'll come looking for a fight. This is the that I believe. They're both going to come to Looking for a finish. Awesome! Dio. Black, You're a bit biased to speak, sir. Right, Mr. Amaral? Athlete Luzell Mono Branco, Rebeca Souza. The fight began. The two athletes already know each other, Professor Amaral said that they have already fought, right? And Rebecca has already gone on guard. Shock Troops have already pulled guard. Rebeca, she does a very good job guarding her. Strong, isn't it? She plays with her guard up, plays guard-wing, also plays Making a spider guard. So she likes We spent a lot of time on guard duty and we knew that This was going to happen because Lusélia likes to pass. So it's more of a challenge than guard against the passer already known. It's Gilgito, right? One pulls, the other passes. Let's go. And Rebecca And it was all planned together, right? [laughter] One went there, pulled, the other accepted, Everything went well. And an aggressive guard, huh? That's it. The first fight, A security guard at the event, right? Yes. No, in At no point does the coast touch the ground there. Always seeking struggle. That's it. And there's the athlete Luséia Bana. went up to open properly. And one interesting thing about this fight is that... The fight was a fight chosen by public. This fight opened the event and It was a fight requested by the public. Then That's what they want to see. The responsibility lies with them then. Hey guys. People believed it, right? Amaral? Now they have to look good. Now let's go to that show. And there athlete Rebeca in closed guard and athlete Luzellando Kibono's sleeve and will try to pass. Beauty. An 8-minute fight. Are you looking at SL? An 8-minute fight. What do you guys They found it there, right, from that time? AND Well, it's a fight where you can put and in The strategy is put into practice, right, Amaral? Shock. The good thing about the remaining minutes is that They could open up more, right? It is not like the JJF which is 10 minutes, so they are able to exert more force than Desire, even more desire, right? And do more strength. Boots are ready to exert force. There are two black belts there, right? You must There are a lot of traps in there, huh, kid. It's only just beginning. It's only just beginning, huh? Let's begin. Foramelia already needs to be done. You need to open up that guard, you know? That guard is tough. We are setting points in practice. There Rebecca. Then she goes. He's already climbed the guard over there, look. It keeps climbing and It's climbing well. It's already on that leg over there. But Luzélia is aware of the evil. THE Lélia said no. She's aware of the evil. She's aware of the evil. But it's climbing. Well, that's some serious security, huh? That's what's called an offensive guard, right? Where the athlete seeks the finish. Exactly. It's there all the time, look. Already Stapling the shoulder over there, see. And any slip-up triggers the triangle and... Enter the armlock. But a, So, almost 3 minutes have passed. Lu has settled back in there again. But I think Lu needs to start to... put Jitson into practice more. Will Rebeca be able to shave it? To become unbalanced? Rebeca is being more aggressive in combat. Yes, Despite being down on her luck, she's got a very offensive guard, the. Looking for more age. Are you looking for more? fight. Looking for more. Reca is looking for more struggle. I don't know if it's a strategy. But she doesn't stop. Even though it's underneath, She doesn't stop. Oh, it's already climbing. And Luzélia is having difficulty. THE Lusélia is having difficulty starting to to confront her custody, because Rebecca really doesn't stop. It's time entirely like this, all the time and plays from open guard, closed guard, It has a very active guard. Get out, put your knee over there, look. You're trying to pierce through the middle, right? okay positioned there, it's not letting the Rebeca lowered her guard. Rebeca dominated the game there, but let's go. there. Rebeca, Rebeca is putting it on. There's the bottom of his pants, running to the side. Will it pass? boy? My friend went north to south, He's at war, he's in the blitz. Let's see the what will happen. And the crowd goes wild. It hasn't passed yet, huh? You will receive a turn four points of support to defend oneself. Receives the advantage. Advantage. An advantage for athlete Luzell Bculo in 4 minutes. Now the fight is going to get intense. We are in half of the fight And Rebecca is trying the leg lock there. Looking for a leg attack. We arrived at Half the fight. And the fight is working well there. That's a nice detail on your lapel, huh? That's it. But did he defend it? Did it return? She came back, she did it. She's going to... Heel over there, huh? Let's see if he can make it. He made the right decision. She's all connected, engaging in intelligent combat. Two advantages for Luzélia, right? And the Lusélia doesn't stop, she wants to pass the guard on. Rebeca is interested, but Rebeca isn't allowing it. Let's go, Rebecca. Rebeca is bringing danger to the surface. I managed to do it there. If she managed to climb up there, she would conquer. two points. Yeah, Rebeca wants to wrap things up, right? Rebecca? It's always a finisher, she will Search until the end. And Luzélia seems who came to control the fight. Intelligent, always gives me... Finish. Not always. Luzélia is being clever over there. It has two advantages up front. That's it. a very big advantage for the range Black, right? But Rebecca doesn't stop. THE Rebeca doesn't stop. Rebeca is believing it there, catching it. that foot. Let's see what happens. to happen. It can happen to anyone. a final moment. Belt fight black. Anything is very unpredictable. Very unpredictable. It happened. Just look. The guard was passed. He started keeping five points. Oh, three points, sorry. Three points for athlete Luzellia Bitencu. And he's winning the battle. He's winning the fight. I don't know if Rebeca got tired of Amaral. THE shock. Lots of war, lots of fighting. 6 minutes already combat. 2 minutes left. And he put the hook in place. Let's see if it works. There's a little hook there. It has a little hook. there. If you're going to be able to put the other one in, stabilize in order to win all four points. Rebeca needs to get out of this. situation down there, try to change the game to see if she conseg. I think Rebecca got tired. Hey guys. I think Rebecca got tired. and the athlete it achieved We need to win four points now, right? More four points. 7-0 for athlete Luzélia. He walked past and grabbed her back. And now let's go. Spread the chicken out over there, look. With less than 2 minutes to go, will... Is she going to finish? Okay, the pressure is high there, my friend. It's big. Keep it up! The pressure is high. End of the night. I think it's going to, oh, it's in back. Okay, the athlete is getting too tight there. Rebecca. Adjusting things, huh? It's being adjusted. It's difficult to get out of there. Amaral. Less than 1 minute to go. Less than 1 minute to go. Lusélia played the game perfectly. He fastened the padlock around his waist. It's a complicated situation for Rebecca, huh? But the fight is only over when it's over. crowd. That's true, that's true. Anything can happen there. With approximately 30 seconds remaining... End of the fight. That. And the ball went in and hit the target. It wasn't to be for athlete Rebeca. Therefore, victory by submission from Luzélia. Zélia fought very well and won the fight. fought very well, scored points, and reached the... Costa managed to finish. Congratulations to the athlete. Congratulations to both athletes. Well, as we said at the beginning, it was... It's a typical fight, right, for a guard player. of the guard and the passer. That's it. The fight And he passed the ball again, right? And truth. It's a busy fight, isn't it? Shock is Amará. The audience likes that. Right, man? from Gilito, upwards, to front. Yes, regardless of the outcome, congratulations! for Rebecca. Congratulations! We are the ones who win. We are witnessing an excellent fight. It rolled up, it didn't roll up. And athlete And congratulations to Luzélia BC for her game! It prevailed. Congratulations, congratulations indeed. That's great, they understood what... It's a tag team event. Open fight The whole time, they fought openly, they fought. up. Very cool. Finally, the champion of the 65 kg category with a kimono Luzia Pito. And the crowd is cheering here and Amaral Now, Amaral's heart is beating... 1000. I don't know why. the next fight. I don't know why Amarol's heart is... Hitting the ground at 1000 here. But I know because I know. My God in heaven. I don't know, but I can speak or I can't. Let's talk about how our situation stands. Next. The next fight. Amaral is I'm a little nervous here, my friend. I think I'll put Amaral there. in the VIP box, there in the dressing rooms of heart. They loved to reward our champion. Oh, oh. Where's our first finish? From the main card? I knew that guy was showing up. I already knew that there. That's it, folks. Boy, now interview there with the athlete Ruselta by public, right? We know that this was Married on Instagram, lots of people Tell me how the jit works. A woman is being asked for a A stage like this. It's really good, isn't it? the reach that we're having with the feminine. Thank God firstly, and to the event for this reason. opportunity to give more of a platform to Jewish women who always put on a show here. So I also want to thank my Master, my master Diego who are here and the entire SEAL group that supported me. And me I want to dedicate this victory to my son. That's right there. I love you. Congratulations. Showing that she is a champion within outside of Tatã. Congratulations again! Joseph. at And we're going to keep going because we still have... A lot of excitement is about to happen on this mat. today. AND now in the under 60 kg category with kimono fighting with an estimated duration of 6 minutes. He, who is a three-time world champion, Pan-American champion, European champion, representing Gil Gitson Art Academy, Ricardo Yito. And here he comes, Ricardo Yosito. here for Composing the table next to me, Meam Maquiné. Hey champ! Hey guys, we're here at the Majestic, This event is incredible, it's an honor to be here. AND Ricardinho has arrived now, right? And Amaral, Amaral couldn't take it anymore and He ran over to the corner. Shock. There Amaral is dying of heart attack at this hour. there. My opponent for this match. He who is the Brazilian champion, champion Amazonian, champion who waits, who What can we expect from this fight? face? Tell us a little bit about it. It's just that I don't know the other one, you know? But Knowing Ricardinho, I think that... Ricardinho is doing much better, isn't he? Living An incredible phase. So I think Ricardinho wins because finalization, but I don't know another one. Let's see. Great, awesome! And to arbitrate this confrontation, the Professor Wellington Marques. Yes, my friend, the fight is about to begin. Gabriel Castro from the Youth project Ambassadors against Ricardo Yxito. A fight that lasts 6 minutes. crowd. 61 kg and it's about to begin. Mean, and then, what What do you think about that fight? What you wait, face? Lutão. I believe Ricardo will win because Finalization, right? But let's see, let's go see, Let's see. Shocking! What do you think of this fight, my brother? Yosito in a white kimono. Yosito always from him. And eight is already passing by, look. Very technical. Aggressive, huh? Aggressive. Aggressive. And Gabriel goes for it. Gabriel doesn't give up. And that's an advantage for Yoshito. An advantage. I think the punctuation is wrong there. no and? The score on the contrary. On the contrary, okay everyone? The score there This is for Ricardo Yosito. It already started from there. way, trying to get away with it through aggression. Jitos up. Nice to see, isn't it? Wow, arm. Beautiful. He came back, he was about to fight, but let's go. Another advantage for Ricardo Yosito. The score is wrong on the screen, it's wrong. guys? Just to let you know. The posture, Ricardo's fighting posture It's sensational, man. Look, He grabbed the bottom of his pants, he controlled the sleeve. there too on the same side. And the boy defended the His positions are good, right? He defended it, you know? He defended well. Exactly. He must have studied a lot. For sure. He didn't come here for nothing, did he? He came well prepared. They've fixed it on the scoreboard now. Just look Gabriel, my friend, with only a minute and a half of combat, huh? Gabriel is trying his hand at it. Let's see what that the judge It didn't quite stabilize, did it? It did not stabilize. face. And the weather in Manaus is, isn't it? Two Points for Gabri, for Opa, That was two points for Gabriel, right? Fight tied, No, I think it's a tie. It was a draw. They adjusted the scoreboard. They fixed the scoreboard. I think the score is a bit off. Yeah, right? So it gave 2 to 1, right? Eh, Mean e shock. I think that And in the disadvantage now, I think it's... Okay, alright? Let's wait and see. Hi. What weather here in Manaus, huh? That The vibe of the people here, for God's sake. Ostigo. It makes me laugh and makes me want to fight. When are you arriving here, me? Man, that makes me really want to. And even when I fought here the last time since I came here to fight Majestic, wow, I felt so much like that. The vibe of the group, you know? that ends leaving the athlete a little nervous. AND Look, I'm used to fighting, Damn, at the World Cup, at all events. of the world. Outside and when I arrived here I got a little nervous in Mana. That's it. The fight was halted there. right? It's paused, but we'll see. Go, It will continue, it will proceed until the moment arrives. Fight tied. Ricardo Eito winning by three zero advantages. We'll see. The fight is tied, tied on points. Yeah, I think Ricardo has three. advantages up front, Three advantages. That's right, three advantages in ahead, 4 minutes left to finish of combat. Combat lasting 6 minutes. I think Ricardo will earn more now. two, Two more points now for Yoshito! with four. The score is wrong. Another advantage Now for Gabriel. Let's go. Two more points. The fight ended in a draw. 4 to 4. Yito winning on advantages. Man, that's a fight you can't even blink in. You can't even blink. Don't blink, guys. It's so bad it's hard to even comment on. 2 minutes and 40 seconds passed and neither of them stopped. So far, old man. That's crazy! my friend. The boys' cardio is up to date. It's up to date. And today you're not even opening it. Your mouth, my friend. He's not tired, is he? huh? It doesn't even look like he's breathing, kid. [laughter] My God in heaven, my brother. What a fight! exciting. Amaral is there, my friend. Amaral is over there in his son's corner. I can already see Amaral. Gabriel is going. Upwards and Yoshito there doing the defensive guard. Let's see what happens. to happen. Go with Fif. Oops, it scraped off. He shaved again. He scraped it. If you go up two. If it goes up, it's two more. Two points. 6 a qu pro Yosito. A fight, Damn. Score That was a busy fight, wasn't it? Gabriel Castro is surprising us here. I'm surprised, right? He's a boy who came to came To win, right, Mean? Gabriel came from social project. I think Ricardo is also very... Reckless, huh? Making a lot of mistakes there, wanting to, I think he really wants to finish it and I think That's ending up with a lot of mistakes in positioning. Exactly. It's very funny, not to belittle it, Gabriel. Of course. Exactly. And the boy is doing very well. also. He's focused. Eight was Gabriel is very focused over there. I think he's making fewer mistakes now, too. absurdly combative and there are still 2 left. minutes. Look, if you go up to the top, The fight is a draw, huh? Two points, the fight is tied, Meiran in shock. And Tito winning by three Advantages, right? Three advantages. What a fight! Gabriel now has an advantage. So there are three advantages up front. so you can see that It's a fight, a fight to see who's who. Making fewer mistakes will lead to victory. right? doing, breaking there, look, the footprint of Yosito. But Yoshit That's six minutes, huh, my friend? Yosito looked at the scoreboard, then went up. Oh, let's go. It's going on foot. Two points for Ricardo. 8 to se 8 to be my friend. I'm all sweaty here. my friends. My brother, that's exciting, isn't it? Imagine the Heart of the love, best fight of the event, perhaps. That. A very lively fight. They both deserve congratulations. And now it's 50 seconds left. To end the fight. Competing for That was a great fight, huh? There's still a lot more to come. Ricardo has just received a punishment. Let's go. 30 seconds until the end of fight. A very difficult fight for Yoshito that They're winning by two points. difference. Mean, there's no favorite up there, right? When a guy comes up there, there are no favorites. brother. Will it catch on to those backs? Everyone who's there did a good job. You worked hard, you toiled to get there, right? Then There's no way to guess who will win. I think, I'm sure, that the two They did a good job. Then, and he's walking now, 5 seconds to end. Ricardo won. Ricardo winning the fight. Let's go. Therefore, victory for Ricardo and Ochito. Both athletes deserve a round of applause. Applause, right? The audience applauded. Yes, they put on a wonderful fight. difficult. Imagine Amaral's heart there. in the corner of his son's body, in shock. What What's that, man? They are two blue belts. who demonstrated an excellent level of technical skill. Congratulations to the coaches! which will provide us with an excellent fight. Congratulations. There was no strings attached. Congratulations to the two who got into a fight there. huh? They are still competing in the fight. of the night, from what I saw there. And truth. Angry. Congratulations to both of you. Awesome! That's what's important. Public, Recognition. Show. And the audience goes wild. Therefore, Ricardo Yosito's victory. being by 8 to be and the official result of the eighth fight of night by 8 to 6, the champion of the category 60 kg with kimono, Ricardo Yito. Someone went there, someone already went there, someone already went there. And to reward our champion, in addition to Mul Esport Protectors of the Grais, our Partner here at Mageste. What a struggle, gentlemen, what energy! It's Manal. I was here listening to the broadcast. And we know that fighting in Manaus is... Different, right? I wanted to ask here, He told me about the behind-the-scenes stuff he's doing. always fighting out there in the world, but I hadn't yet had the opportunity to Returning to fight at home. Tell me Hey everyone, how's the experience been? So, uh, at 13 years old I decided, I dedicate myself 100% to art and today, thanks to God, with the support of my father, my brother, professor, today my team, I'm managing to live this dream that I think that's what every athlete wants to live. So, everyone here, follow your dreams, invest in the sport that... It will definitely work out. And I want to say thank you. Gabriel, his team, to have the maximum Respect there. He already gave the seminar there and They are very hardworking people. And you Did you see Gabriel here? One of the team members has... a world title that even I, doing the Biggest tour here for the World Cup final. So this is Manaus, uh, what is it? People need to invest in ourselves. culture. That's what we're doing with a White House Pro, which is all I want I would like to thank all the athletes there who... They helped with the preparation. In 40 days we'll be back at the World Cup. I am the current weight class and absolute champion. So I'll go there to defend that title and who knows, maybe it's magic. Noi's next fight. Now I I want something more challenging. I know that now It was already difficult to add more, and now... any track available here in the bantamweight division. Then I brought the gift. Here for you too, and mine. collaboration with Magist for my blouses. I'm going to share a little bit with the audience. He has Go get that, okay? That's it, guys. We're having this here, probably competing for one of the The best fights of the night, the clash. We always say that we have many tough athletes here in Maraus that It's expensive, they train too much, and that doesn't always happen. has the opportunity to be on a stage of worldwide repercussions like this. And today People saw a great fight [applause] between two. Congratulations, Amaral, what a challenge! Yes, my friends, this is not... Just kidding, this is way too much. World's highest quality. And we move on to the next fight on Friday. Mages PJJ Challenge edition in Category up to 73 kg with Kimono. Fight with Estimated duration: 8 minutes. She which is the Amazonian champion, the northern champion Northeast, champion Osvaldo Alves, representing the Nabil Gilgitsu Academy, Lorena Netherlands. And then the athlete Lorena Holanda walking towards Majestic Tatami making her debut at the event, facing nothing less than Juliana Aleixo, the queen of the crown, Majestic BJ Challenge 6. And to divide the mat in this battle, she who is the world champion, four-time Majesty Queen JJ champion Challenge, representing the academy Enoque Martins Gitson, Juliana Alex, [music] Juliana, who is a four-time champion of Magesque, right? And walking towards Tatami. Will she become a five-time champion today? What do you think, Amaral? She's going to turn around. five? I believe it will be a fight. exciting. Juliana always puts up a fight. Professor Francisco. So let's go. Let's go. Combat lasting 8 minutes. category up to 73 kg. Juliana is very harsh. A very tough athlete. Let's wait and see. I think there's a finishing move there, huh? What do you think, my friend? Apostle, My friend, Juliana is wearing a black kimono. And Lorena in a white kimono, right? THE Juliana wants to become a five-time champion. Yeah. She's already a quadruple cyclist. What do you think? Hey, Juliana and it already happened Juliana is always so strong, isn't she? Professor Juliana Alex is always very strong. Excuse me, excuse me, I couldn't see what what happened. It was almost two points. Almost, Almost, or was it? It was almost two points. I understood. The guard is already being passed on. Juliana. It's already passing. It's practically over already, right? Juliana came in with a strong rhythm. It's over now. And now it will count as three points for Athlete Juliana Aleixo opens the scoring. Juliana Alex is already there on the side, right? doing a lot of work on the wing strong, always uses a lot of weight, you know spread the word about this, Amaral, true. It looks like a little knee is going to go in there. In the belly, huh? I put it, She's wearing socks. He's wearing socks. I would put it there. No, no, it's past that point. She is past. He's making a mark over there, look. She's going north, she's going south. the Lorena, right, making a move over there, hindering Juliana's progress somewhat, but I don't know if this isometric contraction will last. a long time. Juliana shifting her hip weight into Up there, look. So far Juliana is in total control. From the struggle, right? He's already hugging your neck there, imposing the It's a game, right? That He already put his knee on it, but it wasn't... enough to count two points. She was practicing that knee move or something. I'll have time to do that soon. Straight up, my friend. It was a good idea to open the scoring, huh? 7 a 0. Let's see what comes of it. Let's go That's what's coming next. Look, it's already going. There, for the American woman. Oops, he gave up. Okay. The weight of the hips there... It's all set up, huh? Juliana is a very talented athlete. Experienced, right? Okay, going to American. He made the defense. Lorena made the right save at the right time. Yeah, she realized the malice right away, didn't she? Right now, but he already has his arm under control. there, completely dominated by the athlete. Juliana Aleixo. Suffocating there that by winning this battle becomes the First five-time Majestic champion, huh? Majestic Champion. And I'm even going to use a catchphrase there, you know. It's A passenger of agony there, huh? Okay. She became the passenger of agony. Really Lorena's got it on her, buddy. And Juliana is out for a walk. Juliana more one Knee again. That little knee injury there was kind of cruel, wasn't it? Middle of Ribs over there. The little thing is annoying, It's annoying. Annoying someone there. Heavy hips. I don't know if that footprint down there is... her leg will be helping her in some way That's something, right, man? Yes, the correct thing was she she to get out of this position, to try also make a little shield around your neck, Work on Juliana's hips too. to see if she can do it. You have to fight there, my friend, if you stay. accepting this Hey, wait and see if you can do something. lift his back off the ground, turn to the side and She was trying to react there, but Juliana It's dominating. Exactly. It's dominating too much, it is. Very much so, it's totally dominant in the fight. That, speechless. athlete Juliana in a kimono Preto, winning the fight by nine Zero points. And she's not satisfied. No, she wants to finish, she's looking for the That's the end, right, Amaral? She's searching, she's not standing still. Moving all the time, keep going Working from the top, right? She won't let go. return to base, will go back to reassembled. It's halfway through the fight, 8 minutes in, and it feels like... It's going to catch American girls, and it's going to catch them. And it will catch on. Could it be her? Look, Lorena He defended. Almost, almost got it! Okay Opening up the calculator, huh? Yes, it's actually opening the calculator. As my brother Choque said. That's it. It's an 8-minute fight, minutes of fight. Eight minutes of fighting. 4 9 to 0. Then Now it's time to move on to the final stages. For the seen, Lorena needs to try to get out of there. pressure to see if she can do it Something's going on in the fight, huh? Juliana won't leave Lorena alone. breathe. Breathe every time your back touches the ground. right? Juliana imposing her will there. throwing hips to the head. There is one craziness. So far, Juliana's game is going well. prevailing. You're going to move on to another bike, huh? Juliana is absolutely amazing, she's really great. Relax, you're managing to control it. enters, returns, mounts, dismounts, put your knee down, right? And she's very calm. 5 minutes into the fight, only 3 left. minutes. Will she accelerate more? to look for a finish or will Control your friends? I don't know, Amaral. Juliano was there too. He just took a breath through his mouth. I I just caught this scene. Did you see? I saw Shock. I think she gave a She took a breath and said, "Now I'm going to give "blitz". I'm going to set up a blitz to try to finalize what Amaral had said. Right now. He pulled on the little tube and said, "Now I I go, Now I'm going, right? And increasing the score, Right, Shock? Wow, I already 15 to 0. Go prepare your little knee again, she To grip the position, adjust your hips. Here comes the knee injury again. Well, Lorena, unfortunately, isn't there. achieving get out of this blitz And she's going to mount it over there, look. It's done. Let's go see. She felt Ju's weight quite a bit. Juliana is trying to attack again. Go From Americana again. Going with Americana again. She's doing it. there's a mark on the lapel there, that's it That's what's saving her. In truth She has to... Oops, now the American girl is going to... to take. It'll catch on. She's trying to leave. fitted, but He managed to get out. She's a warrior, huh? Lorena is a warrior. Juliana is doing everything to finish and it's not working. succeeding. So, congratulations to you! Congratulations also to Lorena who isn't there. He's not giving up, is he? We're almost done with Lorena, huh? Lorena moves, tries to push, searches, But Juliana really won't let her. space. It leaves no space. That hand of hers on the collar right there in the front. Really She doesn't let her. Another game, huh? V Staying like, right? Shock? That domain right there, mastering the manga and mastering the to heel. And the living foot always, oh, causing that Unload the weight. When least Wait, Juliana will assemble it. Look, knee to belly. Oh, the shoulder always aligning with the neck. One minute, one minute until the end of... combat, Amaral shock. What do you guys Do you think so? I believe that Professor Juliana, Juliana will continue to accelerate. He won another mount. 19 to 0. 30 seconds. Very difficult, very Lorena's situation is complex. To save Lorena. Only one finalization, But the assembly is difficult. He was American. Now she succeeded by For the first time in the fight, she succeeded. put Juliana underneath to the ground. 25 seconds remaining. That. And the judge now. OK I understand. Interrupt the fight for both of them. they adjusted the Kibond and started pulling it In the middle of the tatami, right? 25 seconds left until the end of the fight. Now it's time to be a kamikaze pilot, maybe. huh? Lorena will have to work hard to catch up. Loren conditions now. Juliana is going alone I think I can manage. What do you guys Do you think so? Very technical, very experienced, So there she is holding on, okay Controlling it for only 5 seconds will still work. take more, If it goes up, it's two more. End of combat. victory by 19 to 0 of the athlete who becomes a five-time champion of Majestic, Juliana Aleixo. Juliana Aleix is ​​very tough, isn't she? He's always traveling, fighting abroad, right? AND for the fifth time he is crowned champion Majesty. That's right, Amaral. AND It was a fight where there was total dominance by athlete Juliana And are you following Majestic 6.0? Here from Studio 5 in the city of Manaus. From the Amazon to the world. Majestic, total. Professor Juliana Alex always... Congratulations, right? Always showing up with gala performance. Official of the ninth fight of the night by 19 a0 the champion of the 73 kg category wearing a kimono, Juliana Aleixo. And the fans of Juliana Valdelir, the mother. There she was, cheering on her husband, brother, and sister. This fan base is already well-known here in Manaus, right? It's a noisy crowd, my friend. Check out the highlights, right? The moment, the best moments of the fight between the athlete Juliana Aleixo and Lorena Holanda. And to make the delivery from the award ceremony for our champion, our Queen Juliana, our sponsor's representatives, Dr. Guaraná Energy Shot, to show It was pure joy here. For those who think the master doesn't have gas, Look, there's our five-time champion! Magesque, shining once again. From junior to master level. It's just a show. And it's always an exciting experience. She's used to it, It's new, tell me, try to find out. So guys, good night. First me I want to thank my God, because without He tells me I am nothing. I thought I wouldn't be able to fight. this edition. My lower back is hurt. I haven't been able to train all week. Only in physiotherapy. Today was all about heart. I would like to thank the Enoque Martins Academy. the Kids team, which I managed to to train sometimes, my family, my sponsors, Dr. Milton, Dr. Vinicius, my physiotherapist, To everyone who's here with me, you've been helping me. until now. Thank you all. I signed the contract. As I enter the battle, I will go to The end. Whether injured or broken, even if it involves pain. Now I'm going home. recover. Thank you all. Until next time, God willing. Thanks. Congratulations. Once again, our champion, showing that JITs is all about resilience. And even more so in the Master's program. Congratulations, our Master Juliana. That's it, guys. We are heading towards the 10th confrontation of night. A clash of legends now on the mat, in Category up to 78 kg with Kimono. Fight with an estimated duration of 8 minutes. He who is the Amazonian champion, world jitsu champion, representing the Academy Association Monteiro, William CTO. Therefore, William Cout from the Monteiro Association, representing the state of Amazonas. He's going to fight against the athlete and this duel. He who is a three-time Abu Dhabi champion, South American champion, representing the Almeida Academy Gilgson. Caio Almeida. Caio Almeida is arriving. in the center of the tatami mat. He's going to face William Coutinho. This confrontation is inevitable. Professor J. has it there. a very technical fight and A fight lasting 8 minutes. A fight worth watching. Let's fight. Caio is already looking for it. Caio is looking for the right touch over there. The athletes are studying each other. Caio, Caio has already shown, he's already shown that he's going to... to pull. It's actually his game, right? You're going to pull first, huh? [laughs] my friend. My friend. You can't blink there, okay? Anything. Hey, Oops. William pulled. Now, whoever goes up does Two, huh? And Caio is already holding on there, securing it. William Cto's foot. William is already Also making their mark there. William got smart, didn't he? William's foot is already caught there. Could it be? Will a key be included? Hey, It's got a good vibe over there, na na na mango, right? If he slips up on that move, Caio can put it there. Black dekimono, William Coutto, representing Amazonas. And in a kimono white, the athlete Caio Almeida. Caio Almeida, representing the Academy Caio Almeida Gilgitso from São Paulo. THE The referee stops the fight and goes to ask... so that the athletes can stand up. Hey Amaral, this fight is a really tough one. Studied, huh, Shock? It's a technical fight. two two masters which has a lot of history in our art. smooth, So there are no silly kids in this fight. They both came to win. And here we go, Let's see who's going to pull first. Monday, 1 minute and 40 seconds. Cai is trying to make a footprint. It's too much. It's cool to see two master athletes fighting. With that intensity, right? seeing that They know what they're doing, searching for the It's a game, right? A very well-thought-out game, right? Two athletes of the highest caliber. That's right, Caio Almeida. That's a very good point, Amaral. trying there. Hey, it's going well. His foot slipped, it seems he hit it there. William's face. And the referee It takes a break from fighting, right? Cai's foot slipped and hit right there in William's mouth, unfortunately. But nothing serious, let's resume the fight there. Thank God, the athlete is doing well. And a foul for William. The referee penalized Both of them were absent. Lack of Combativeness, right? That. Let's go. That. Everything is tied in terms of lack of resources, in terms of advantage. Let's go. 2 minutes. Let's see who pulls the strings. First, right? The two of them, it seems like the two of them. who are trying to keep watch. It's a very well-studied fight, where any type of error can compromise the result of the fight And the winner is the one who makes the fewest mistakes, says athlete Caio. playing the same game he started, right? And William defending, Always reaching for the foot, right? And looking for William's foot there, right? But William is defending well. He's trying to fit that boot in. That. And Caio's little knee in the middle there. It's preventing William from going up. William with a footprint right there na na na Caio's sleeve there, preventing him from working on this finalization. And now, will the little boot be coming soon? It's pulling to the side. William trying to defend himself. He defended it. It achieved. Caio isn't giving up. The track. I think it's getting in the way. There was little indication of the position's progress there. He wouldn't let go of William's foot and hit him. It hit. The athlete William Coutizado by the athlete Caio Almeida. at 3 minutes and 19 seconds of combat. It was a shame that for the duration it was a Quick fight, right, Amaral? But that's what we talked about in... at the beginning of the fight. No one could waver. Right there, man? I don't see that it was a I hesitated, I see that it was, unfortunately, a mistake. Well, you know? I think that was the prevailing strategy. Caio's game, right, from the beginning showed that he wanted to grab the foot of William. Exactly. And William defended as long as he could. but He proved to be very strong in that position. He came in confident, he trained a lot, right? Shocking Amaral, he trained hard for They came looking for the guard game, right? Already He pulled there, already fitting it in there. little boot that arrived at the foot, right? he finished fitting the ball in and making the final touch. And the official result from the 10th fight of the night by finalization, the champion in the under 78 kg category with a kimono, Caio Almeida. Ah. And to carry out the award ceremony. from our champion, Dr. Denis Ramos, of Vision Eye Clinic, our sponsor, supporter of our event. Another master fight, counting on one more finish like this night. Right, my friends? No fighting Die, everyone's too agitated. We still have great emotions to share. to happen. Come on, Caio. I remember when you brought yours This is your first time fighting as an athlete. He told me he was very happy with the He really enjoyed the event and had already told me... said on that occasion that he wanted to come Fight here. So, how was yours? experience? Hello, Itaquera, we're in the area, everyone. People of Manaus, thank you for your support. Thank you for your support. Very well received. This is Manaus. The energy from everyone here is wonderful. THE The event has to bring Planetinho to I spoke with the boys, with Leo, with the Rafa, I want the next one. And Leo and Rafa, I want the title fight. master. I want the master belt, go! to have this category. So, I want to be at the next event. Here with you all, and we're going to bring you a great... Jito, a great show for our community. And hey, the masters don't stop, They don't stop. I want to dedicate this victory here to my wife. I love you, Sa. That's it, folks. The masters don't stop. Congratulations, Congratulations to our champion Caio Almeida. You can send the contract now. And the The show continues at the Arena Majest PJJ. Challenge now in the 85 category. kg with Kimono. Fight with duration Expected time of 8 minutes. He who is world champion, AJP Grandes Lan Rio champion, São Paulo champion Paulo BJJ Pro, representing the team Fratisso, Gabriel Gaboja. My friends, now a fight. Gabriel Galvão, known there as Caboja, coming towards the Majestic Tatami. He which is from the Frat team. Extremely tough. This is the first fight in history of Magic. Complete this battle. He is the Brazilian champion, the champion. world champion, three-time Pan-American champion, representing the Almeida Jitsu team, Leonardo Lara. Remember that this is the first fight of Magesque's story, that the two They are not fighters, we don't have one. Amazonian to fight. It's always Amazonas against the rest of Brazil and the world. Yes, it has usually always been the case when There are no Amazonians, it's one against the other. right? Bomon Marques. The fight is about to begin. 8 minutes 8 minutes of duration, right? a category up to 88 kg. Do you think it will last until 8 minutes, my friend? friend Vanderlei, my friend Amaral? I hope not. I hope it's going well. agitated. I knew he was going to say that. I you knew. And that's where the fight started, right? Caboja already Pulling for guard. Lear accepted the offer, he kept the advantage, went up That tattoo on your lapel, man. Already Cabojo exploded there. Yes, that's a struggle. It's a high-level fight. The cable has a very strong loop. Machine there Taking a corner from Caboja. They are very friends, Even though we're not on the same team, right? But they trained together in the FRS. And Mehan He came to do the corner kick there at Caboja. Therefore, Leonardo Lara from Look there B, his wife, right, guys? Bia told me she wants to fight. The Majestic, huh? What do you guys think about the next one? edition? Oh, hopefully. Let's go. It's always a good fight. Let's go. Lara playing the game of guard passing and Caboja, a That guard is very strong, isn't it? Nothing less than Meiran is right there on the corner of Caboja. attempting to create imbalance. Lara defending. The score is 0-0. Lara has the advantage. which continues to defend this imbalance. Ando em pé, a vantagem foi aquela logo At the beginning, right, when he went up and we are there in about 2 minutes, both of them there seeking to develop the best there footprints so you can put your techniques. And the rope belongs to Lara, who knows it well. Him, right? It's his wife, Bia, passing the coordinates to him. But I hope his wife isn't. fierce like mine, because if it were the Well, I was going to have to find a way to... to win, because the shouts were going to large, Otherwise he'd be a brute at home, right? Jesus. And two minutes have already passed. I'm not even going to talk, I'm not even going to say anything. Mine's right there too. I'll stay Quietly. Oh, the people in the chat are asking for the... teacher Wow, Caboja surprised us, threw us off balance! There you go, two for Caboja, opening the score, managed to unbalance Lara is there, and he's right there. You're back, right? He was going to the chimura, but he gave up and therefore remains in half guard. Half guard. Let's see what's coming next, if anything. imbalance may occur. Two points ahead. Arriving at third minute, The chat group is asking for Juliana. Aleixa with Bia Basílio. Oh dear, you're welcome A good difference in age and weight. AND, So, Caboja is almost there. He's not riding, but he's defending well. in this half guard And Cabo is already attacking up there. Lara defending herself trying to take this leg out of the sock to maybe build a mount, huh? That. And Lara's going up now, look. Let's see what he's going to achieve. to do. He reversed the movement, going onto his back. He put a hook there. Will it pull? Let's see which one What's the surprise going to be? Again, right? He's preparing for People, right? Leo's up to something, the ball's already... defending. Good. Almost a supplement. Yes, my friend. And he's already attacking the ball. There, look. He's attacking the ball. He's already been crucified. It hit, Got it, kid. Hit it, catch it. Léo Lara's victory and he who won by strangulation. Therefore, in the Caio Almeida Jitsu team He left with a 100% victory that night. right? Congratulations to Cabal and Léo Laração. He built, he built right up there, standing there. and did not erase the footprint and And the finishing touches today are all just... Collar, right? Leo was surprised and promised. something. It happened, we have to I'll have a meeting with Leo to see. Let's see what happens there. Right, friend? Official result of the 11th fight of the night. In conclusion, the champion of the 85 kg category with kimono, Leonardo Lara. And now this fight, the next fight will be... one of the most anticipated fights From Magic 6.0, huh? And truth. Here are some moments from the fight. That's how you present the award. from our champion, Rodrigo Pai at Tamba Grill, as a from our supporters, sponsors of this event. A gesture that is featuring a fight between two athletes that are not parallel. In other words, this The event truly represents the JITs of Brazil and also shows the potential of our events, from our biggest event of North for Brazil and for the whole world. Congratulations, Leo. A conclusion. Almeida Jits 100% success rate today. Go Go fuck yourself. Firstly, by Here, look. Thanks to the organizers, right? Rafa. Hey guys, I wanted to leave a message, I want I'll leave a message here for you all. which is about fear. Sometimes you're there, sometimes you're not. You guys are up there in the stands and look at the The athlete up here, he doesn't seem to She is afraid, not anxious. It's super strong. But the truth is that I was scared and the Fear is not of the caboja, But that's what they'll think, what they'll believe. What if I lose? And if it doesn't work out, then... It's real, but I see that few athletes They open this up to the public. And I wanted to Leave this message. teach me my fighting style, but fear, insecurity, uncertainty walks side by side. The difference is the champion, He manages to overcome it. And then I leave one A message for those of you sitting there. And looking at the athletes who are fighting, They are afraid. And what's wrong with you? paralyzed by fear in his life? Go ahead. God, Love conquers all fear. With God in In our lives, anything is possible. So go ahead Going up even when scared. Listen up, guys. [applause] Congratulations Leo is killing it here in our messages, showing that Sometimes all we need is this. a little push to keep going, to move forward. AND We know that Manauara has this. Go for it, you're participating in all of them! Championships, from youth to master level. AND Today we still have other battles to fight. There's still much more to come. And the show goes on, and it only gets better. Let's move on to the next battle of the night. in the 95 kg category with a Kimono. The fight is estimated to last 8 minutes. He who is a Master world champion, champion Brazilian champion, Amazonian champion, representing team seven, Victor Hug. And here he comes, the fiercest beast. The guy that's dragging everything down across Brazil and around the world. Vor Hugo. Here he comes walking towards... Magesk's tatami mat. He's the one making his debut. at our event. [music] Well deserved. Vittor Hugo. [music] Vittor Hugo, a great fighter, too good of jitso, extremely technical, guard player, fierce, Finally, [music] received several compliments. And for to split the mat in this battle, he who is world champion, champion Brazilian, champion of the Manaus International Championship. Open, representing team AJ Gilitson, André Julio. Goal! And here he comes, another fierce beast! André Júlio. These two athletes are athletes who already There's a long-standing rivalry. old, No further comment needed, right? Right? And second People are commenting there, it's 4 a tr. I just I don't know for whom. And to arbitrate this confrontation, Professor Francisco Lima. A highly anticipated fight, a fight that has already It was seen, right, when the younger ones and Now they've come here again to show a show. Let's continue there in Activity, right? The whole city is waiting for this. fight. 8 minutes long. Fight between the Black Vorimono, Vor And a white kimono, André Júnior. Vor Hugo sits down. It's actually his game. Vittor Hugo already has that game. Classic, right? Sit and wait. I only know one thing: it's not going to happen. What a mess! There is no way to. André Júlio there working in the middle of the Virus. He already put it on the little hook over there, see. And Vitor was dominating. It's got a strong vibe there. The footprint there in André Júlio working well there in A little chair over there, trying to get through. This is a fight for grown-ups, huh? For grown-ups. It's worth highlighting. Two master athletes, but that And Vitor Hugo is a master and fights. Adult, right? Adult fight and Category fight. True, of an adult. So it's difficult for us to see. That's right, and most of the time it is if crowning him as the winner, as the champion. He does André Júlio is up there making the play. He likes to do that lapel game. there. There's a little hook over there, to try and scrape it off. André Júlio putting the pressure on head over there, look, So you can see how well the two of them know each other. Quite a lot, huh? That's it. What was André Júlio doing there? He knows best, right? Using it all there your experience. And on the other side, Victor Hugo, who also He's up to something over there. THE At any moment, if one falters, a conclusion can happen, a scraping. We doubt nothing. Someone's going to make a move there. Someone will Give it a go. Hey, Look at Vittor's strength. Vittor never gives up. He has a lot strength, it is very much so, gas. André Júlio is now going to back. But nothing has been accounted for. Only one advantage so far. André Júlio is looking for the ball over there. And there was Vitor Hugo making a save. Nothing yet, huh? guys. Will it pass? And that's a of the struggles that are theoretically among the most balanced, that everyone It was divided, saying who would win or No, or I didn't want to risk it. I believed I would win this fight. Fight very much anticipated and they are Showing why all this was happening. Expectations are high for the fight. Three advantages for André. Let's see what comes of this, huh? Oops. And it's going to happen. Almost, That was another advantage. Let's see if it works. return to Metatama in the same way same position. I don't think so, because it was already quite there. The very end of the Dojo. The referee stopped the call. I think it will He came back on top. It will come back up. Therefore, two advantages. André He is winning the fight. He's winning the fight. 5 minutes can still be a lot. thing. It's been a long time. The referee is receiving guidance from Table here. Let's go. The referee gave it, the referee Authorize the return there, look. Life goes on. of combat. He's already started the game again, the V.'s game. Sit down again, Vor. Virus He will always sit down, he will always look for it. your game. And now he's closed his guard, dominating the His arm came loose and it's on the collar over there, right? Holding onto the collar there. Strong grip, my friend. Very good. Well placed passage Now, the staff. And André Júlio is playing the game perfectly. 0-0. Let's go. The fight doesn't stop. André Júlio in a White Kimono and Víor Hugo in a Black Kimono. For you who are watching from your Home, on your little screen, the fight is already on, huh? 4 minutes remaining. Good point there. Shock. Amaral. So what do you think? About that fight? If it gets tangled up, what will happen? give? Oh, Víor continues, right, searching? Keep watch, but there's too much going on. That's difficult, isn't it? André is succeeding. mastering it, are you able to read it? from the guard and it seems to be getting closer to pass the guardianship of what it really is Víor managed to scrape. Then Abraham, right, in the vein of Vittor Hugo. And now the Virus He's going to try to climb up on Cigoleg. Hey, André Julio is defending, he's weighing things up. That's right. Oh, and there's André Júlio's corner kick too. Desperate, my friend. That's exciting, isn't it? Let's go. Just look Vittor Hugo trying And André Júlio defended well, but the Vittor Hugo managed to get two points for André, for Vittor Hugo's burning. Black Now they're going to open the scoring. And look at that, two points, something happened and The athlete André Júlio withdrew. Did something happen? Could it be? Did you hurt your shoulder? I don't know. It seemed that the Víor was having more difficulty, right? THE André Júlia seemed to have more Easy to get to, right? Passing by. But the So, what's Jits all about, Amaral? Exactly. He managed to reverse it and it seems That hurt there, okay? Guys, It hurt. I think I hurt my shoulder. It was my knee. He felt his knee. Shock. Medical assistance there. Let's see what what happened. Did it give a little jolt when it... he was defending for so Vitor Hugo doesn't go up there, right? I was putting a little bit of strain on my knee. AND. And there And the medical team is shaking their heads. in a negative way there. I think that That hurt, huh? Ali seems to have said that there's nothing there. That everything is OK. It seems so. Let's see if we can see it. Something there. Could it have been at that time? So, from the little jolt? Wrong move? I didn't see anything, did I? I couldn't identify it. I couldn't see it here either. The fight was interrupted. right? Ah, so the fight will continue. Okay? Look at the force Vittor Hugo used! to grab it and do that inversion. The referee had made a sign of Giving up, right? Or he paralyzed the fight. Oh, absolutely. With that remaining, let's move on to the three minutes. finals. Vittor Hugo It grows in the fight, it grows in combat. He gained confidence. And André Júlio now He turned the tables, didn't he, man? Now what It's passing by, right, Shock? Low too in Playing it over there, look. I remember the score well. dangerous for Vittor Hugo, because like the André Júlio has two advantages, André Julio has two advantages, right? If you scrape He's in front of her. He's in front. So, those two are dangerous, right? It's dangerous. Will he succeed? Do more? Look, it's going towards the clock. Or it was on the back. It went to the back. and he's trying to put the hook in André Júlio defending And at the same time, there, look, it goes to, it goes to crucifix, if you can manage to hook the arm there. Hi, André Júlio is defending, he's in defensive. The moment of the fight is now. For Vittor Hugo, right? With less than a minute to go, The fight is still on. That's it, total control. André Júlio gave up and victory of our current world champion Brazilian and multi-time champion major of Military Police, Victor Hugo. André Júlio hurt my knee And he pulled the knee pad over there. Is it already... Did you have a knee injury? Young man, at that age, who isn't... bruised? We [laughs] Congratulations to Vittor Hugo and André! Julio And according to my calculations here, as far as I can tell... They whispered in my ear, Little bird, it looks like it's 4 to 4 now. Legend has it that it ended in a draw. They're saying it's a tie now, right? And the The little bird that told me shook the My head here is saying that's right, huh? [laughter] Yes, my friend, those two already... They've known each other for many years, right? There are two great leaders there who which represent our Amazonian jitsu fighting for and the official result of the 12th fight of night due to withdrawal, the champion of the 85 kg category with kimono, Victor Hugo. Several clashes between these two athletes It has already happened, two athletes from Manoara. And to present our prize Champion, I call upon Junior here... Quartzolite, one of our supporters and sponsors, that makes this happen event. Congratulations to our champion, Víor Hugo. Another clash at Lara's. Just whisper in my ear that you have That's a challenge to do. Yes, yes. Hey guys, that's what I said Well, firstly I'd like to ask you to take a minute, but just a moment of silence. Today is November 2nd. Two days of finals. Yeah, I made a point of fighting with mine. black kimono to honor everyone Those of ours who have already passed away. Eh, I have a message for you gentlemen here. Enjoy life to the fullest. possible. Be grateful every day for waking up and get up and open your eyes, regardless of the problems they are going through, because if I'm waking up, if you are waking up means we have a new chance. Then, I asked for a moment of silence for those Our loved ones who have already departed, who are no longer with us. here more physically, but they are through their spirit and of his teachings. In my case, master Judicaba He's already left, right? And my brother too other people. Uh, I'm an athlete who likes to The greater the challenges, the better. right? May that gratifying man be that man who can face their mountains. Then they told me that there is a champion magician master That's super heavy, right? That's difficult to Find a fight for him there. So I... I'm available to... He's battling with this excellent athlete. Regardless of weight, okay? Dr. Mal, [applause] A real giant right there. If you allow it the this great struggle, From what we're seeing here, the The fight is accepted. We'll make sure to do it right away. marriage in this struggle. Good evening, everyone. Good evening, everyone. So, are you enjoying Majestic? That's it. First challenge here, two Champions of this event, two giants. And now the booing is here. A round of applause for both athletes. Where's the camera? Where's the camera? Here, look. Let's face off here. Here, look. Let's make the entrance for both of them here. A round of applause. That's majestic, guys! Besides all that emotion, we're going to... Let's put our giant here to speak. about this new challenge. Good evening, everyone. There it is, showing the world how the others... It also has gilidos. Victor Hugo, let me Let me tell you something. I have great respect for Victor Hugo. Look at him, kid. It's two master three here, but since it's always in Monas, Keep thinking you're all good. That's it. But not for fighting. A big hug to the whole S team family. who was present today. Thanks! Guys, we're in this together. Great emotions. You already know that the Maest already has his next fight scheduled, in addition of course, there are other surprises. And now, ladies and gentlemen, a clash of giants which promises to shake the arena in the category Absolutely perfect for Gui. Fight lasting Estimated time: 6 minutes. He who is the Brazilian champion Nogi, champion absolute weight Manaus Open, representing The HR Studio Academy. Alessandro Handle. And here he comes, Here he comes representing the academy of studio [music] Hélio Rezende. That's the one, right? It's Pega. It's Pega. Absolute category, guys. Student of Master Hélio Rezende It's Pega. Who's going to take the risk? Who's going to take the risk? Now you speak. And on the other side of that giant battle, heavyweight fight, he who is the ADC Open champion, champion world champion, South American champion, representing the Melk Galvão Academy, Daniel Big Big. And here comes Big Big. And Big Big is concentrating there, my friend. Tatam is going to shake now, huh? [music] Now the Tatam is going to shake. Here comes Big Big. And he came with the Bible, with his sword in hand. And the audience goes wild here, to delirium. Yes, my friend. And to arbitrate this confrontation, the Professor Maisa Ladislau. A fight lasting 6 minutes. It's Big Big and he's the catch. Let's go. Look at that! The craziness here at the gym, Hey guys, this is Studio 5. It started beginning of the fight. Then I want to see who pulls the strings. They're switching grips, the two of them. Big Big will catch him. A duel between São Paulo and Manaus. The Pega, which is a folkloric tradition here in Manaus, right? And the fight is always present there in absolutes. Galvão who brought his pupil, his student, there. Look, she's going to cinch her waist. Let's go. Big Big is here, and so is the professor. Hélio Rezende, Professor from Pega, just watching. It seems like Helio is calm in the corner. right? It's all good, Hélio. When he start shouting, Master H is calm. For those who know His nickname is "He's alright". That's his nickname. I can't talk. He's my brother. He's my brother. Let's go there. A minute has already passed. and the fight making a change of grip on top. Look the single. Alessandro entered the single, But Big Big defended and passed to foot. Yes, my brother, I told you that this fight That would be too much. Who's going to take the big one or grab it? Look at the crowd! Pegaeg, my friend. What a thrill, Amaral. How exciting! Shock. Two super champions, right, my brother? Two Super champions right there. We're already at 2 minutes into the fight. and still not managing to do much The two of them. There are 4 minutes left. Will anyone Does it feel and scrape? [laughter] Let's go. And trying to gird the big one trying to strangle the catch. The catch defending there, fencing. Let's go there. Pulling on the head there to try. Oops, Big sketched it out. Look at that! the catch And the tatami mat will end. Professor Mazila He acted wisely, my brother. We're reaching the halfway point of the fight. 0 to 0. Big Big versus Pega. Yeah, we joke around, right, talking about who's going. Who's going to sit down? [laughter] Typically, these heavier people They like to knock things over and smash them on top. But some people still pull up their socks, right? But It seems like they both want to. To really knock it down and throw it over the top, right? Let's see who will succeed. Let's start the fall festival now, huh? We are halfway through the fight. Look, Pega is trying to pull a guillotine! defended by Big Big who's smart for That's just mean, it's a bad thing. With 2 and a half minutes remaining, The fight is about to start heating up. Who will be the one to open the scoring? One tries to reach it, another tries to defend it. Yes, my brother, That's a fight between big players, huh? Two minutes left, guys, and it's 0-0. 0-0 in everything. Hey Professor Choque, who would you take there? Now, in 4 minutes? Who is it more suited to? What do you think? Ah, It's still a close game. Yes, yes, yes. It's still pretty much the same. The 0-0 score is still valid. Nobody did anything. It's a fight that they both really are in. Trying to bring you down, right? Both They're trying to get ahead and that's it. It's kind of tied up there. Now let's see if They can accelerate a little more. There will be 1 minute left. 1 minute and 10 seconds. Things are about to get hot, huh? Let's see who's going to open the scoring. Less than 1 minute to end fight. Look who's catching it. Big is trying too. The Big Big trying. Hey! And the crowd goes wild. And look at him Big Big over there, look. Big Big pulling the crowd. Brother, He's my dear. And now, 30 seconds, my friend. AND emotion. And the Pega fans. And the fans Big. My brother didn't want this, I didn't want this. Not being in the referee's place, my friend. friend, oh, because it's going to be 15 seconds to go. Calm down, Mai's running after you over there... to ask, calling to the middle. 15 seconds remaining. Pega already looked at his watch. Big Big also. Let's go. 10 seconds. End of the fight. Oh my, Amaral, and shock! Look, Pega is raising his hand. The Big He's celebrating the Big Big. And now, my darling? Let's see what the referees... They'll decide there. And Amaral that Let's see who the referees are going to. They're going to grab it and give it a fight. It went well It's the same, 0 to 0, right? They tried, they pushed. quite a bit there, they tried to get there to Looking for a way to drop something, right? But it wasn't possible. Let's see what the referees say. they say. And the referees' decision. Let's go. And now the official result by decision of the arbitration, the champion of the absolute category, Nogel Big. Pega didn't like the result very much. no. He shook his head and Big Big didn't He doesn't care, he's celebrating, my friend. Look at that. Big Big has won the hearts of People from Amazonas, right? And Pega too, which is A figure from our jitsso here. Congratulations to both of you. Charismatic, isn't he? The Big Big It's with those two good boys. Very cool. And we'll keep going, right? Let's continue. The entire crowd was there in force. Congratulations. Big Lucas. Congratulations. Manaus was well represented. And to present our award champion of the absolute weight class, Vittor Marciel, from Body Master Supplements. We saw quite a lot this week. motivation for this fight, very Engagement, and we saw it live here. that everyone really He cheered along with Pega and Big Big. And Big Big is celebrating. victory. Okay, now that we've had all that attention. Tell me about your experience. Reception in Manaus, how's it going? your process, all of this on social media that's what we've been seeing. Tell me the your experience here today, Manaldus. The first thing I want All I can say is that I love you all. I love you all. I was received in a way And you can be sure that I will return and I'll keep improving. Your food It's an animal. AND, [laughs] This is my favorite life. And another thing, now I have to give glory to God for having me. provided with this opportunity, Because only God knows what I went through. When I became depressed, I stayed I walked into my room and, man, I I spent 5 years just running away from reality. of adult life. Because I was afraid of not getting hurt. New, but God played the jitos. Let's go So, you know, to say: "I still have one." plan in your life. I still have about "ti." Then, I can only thank God. And that The guy sitting over there, look. He is my bald spot. The guy in three months that I'm at the gym, he It transformed my entire game, it transformed My life is changing. That This is just the beginning. This is just the beginning. Until I could tell him that I wanted to be here. To train because Manaus is very good. And now I'm going to issue a challenge with everyone. I respect the world, especially because it was one. Of all my idols, he was a guy who... encouraged me to come here Over there. I, with all due respect and affection, world, I want a strike challenge from time, because For me, this fight will be like, friend. Galvão and Leandro Moto, a duo of generations. So, in Lati, please, Accept the challenge. Let's put on a show for Manaus in Magic 7 and make this land tremble again. Let's go. That's it, folks. Several clashes already being formed. I wanted to say to If you have any doubt that Jiu-Jitsu is health. That's it, folks. It's about mental health, it's physical health. We need to understand. that JIT is for everyone, [applause] for all bodies, for all ages. Only jitsu saves. That's it, folks. What a spectacle! This is Gitson. That's majestic! guys. And now We are three fights ahead, then. Let's enjoy this special moment. to thank everyone sponsors, supporters who made this event possible reality. And I'll start with Master Trigo. Thanking Kisen, Amazon, BJJ, Megatugi, Bor Monster Supplements, 3D Alarms, Haru Shirt Shop, Quartzolite, Doctor Guaraná, quick mechagraphics, Wi, the International Wrestling Federation Sports, New Hotel, Hotel and Resorts. to thank the Municipality of Manaus, to the Manaus Solidarity Fund, the Municipal Youth Secretariat, Sports and Leisure And of course to you, our wonderful audience. which makes a gesture that is what he is The biggest mixed martial arts event in Brazil. With three fights remaining... closing From MBC6, right? What do you guys think? Of these three fights? The next fight is a of the struggles that the first ray of sun, the Frigo se faz. Therefore, we take on this responsibility daily. responsibility. Offering quality [music] from storage to rigorous control of the distribution of the best products that will arrive in our partners. Wherever he may be, in the São José [music] market, at Dona Júlia's little market, at Mr. Francisco's restaurant, which, after all, is more than We deliver products, we deliver moments. Congratulations. Notice, we are present there. Master Frigo, always present. No. Here, look. to attend Have you ever thought about training in one of these places? most incredible in the world? I'm here for you Invite you to the next edition of Amazon Experience BJ, a unique Gits camp Here in Brazil, in the heart of the forest. Amazonian. You and your team will have the opportunity to experience an immersion complete. In addition to training with the better, we'll have a lot of jitso [music], lots of reviews and you will have the opportunity to strengthen both your body and mind. It was left interested? Call me now on directors information and come participate in this Immersion in the heart of the Amazon rainforest. Amazon BJ Experience. See you in the jungle. And now, ladies and gentlemen, We will have a war, a defense of belt in the 65 category kg no. Fight expected to last 8 minutes. He who is the Brazilian champion, champion World wrestling champion Pan-American, representing CT Bruno Sila Thalisson. Super shock. Here he comes now, heading towards the Tatam. Magic, the athlete Talison da Silva, the super shock. And he comes with his mask there from superhero. And the kid's good, huh? Yeah, he finished everyone off in the... World Wrestling Championship here in Manaus and He ended up challenging Lipe Machado. He won, he earned the right to fight. Organizing this world wrestling championship, right? It was the sensation of the World Cup. This fight is a fight that can change the That's the direction his life is taking, right? It's a fight he promises to put up and to happen. She spoke quite a bit at the press conference. press. Lipe also spoke, the The two made a promise and it seems they will. to take. He said that Lipe will stay. I haven't been surfing for a while. He said he will. to get on the other side of this battle. He who is the Brazilian champion, champion South American, champion of the fifth edition of Majestic PJJ Challenge, representing the team Grapplin Pyramid, Felipe Ax. Goal! The athlete Felipe Machado, better known like Lipe. He is a grappling athlete, he who has already fought in the main events in worldwide. Amaral, what do you think? from this struggle, It's a fight there, from wrestling against the Jiu-jitsu, right? A grappling match is shaping up to be exciting. Quite a lot, right? And to arbitrate this confrontation, Professor Jander Acres. 8-minute fight up to 65 kg. It has begun and athlete Lip has already sat down. And the referee has already warned him. Then the guys is booing And he already got a foul, kid. The referee already The IBJF rule is that you can't pull without having footprint. Here, look. Static Shock, he He keeps trying to impose his game. Lipe Machado is seeing that it's not possible either. You can joke around, right? He came to defend his belt. Yes, we noticed that Felipe sat down, But he's looking for a fight, right? You, him He spends all his time walking around. And the super shock doesn't stop, does it, my friend? brother? This kid has incredible energy. But Lipe, Lipe also has a good Gas, you've already got your foot in the door there, haven't you? Let's see. They promised to do that. Exchange of foot. Will it catch on? He's adjusting Static Shock. It's catching on. Superhoque He's trying to defend And it keeps spinning. And the Lip And the super shock came out. Static Shock it went out. Lipe is complaining about something. thing. Is he complaining that...? Did he hit him? It hit. It will be? It sounds like he's saying he hit him. Arbitrator. The referee stopped the call. Oh dear, my friend. Let's go. The referee then asked for assistance. of the side referees. Oh, you complained that it's oily, right? is with oil. Are you going to pass the towel around? Pass the towel. Meanwhile, he receiving instructions from his corner, right? Professor Gabriel. Gabriel is there. in his corner. The refereeing team is inspecting to see if the athlete is... some kind of petroleum jelly, oil that It avoids the trap of getting stuck, right? Yeah, it looks like they're going to pass by there. towel, something on it. And the crowd here will... They're protesting with boos, right? Crybaby, crybaby, crybaby, crybaby, crybaby. And people are calling there. Lipe de Chorão is saying that he's with Fear, boy. Yes, but if there really is any That's really not the right thing to do, is it? Let's see what they saw. there. That's not up to us, is it? It is competence of the referees. We're here rooting for the fight. she continues and passes by some Let's use some towels and iron something. Use it to remove any excess of whatever it is. That. The referee asked for a towel. to pass by there in the super shock. And there, Shock, what do you think of this? Shutdown? So they're calling it Static Shock. with the towel in his hand, there's the teacher Francisco. Professor Francisco will get off it. Let's go Wipe him with a towel. The referee is over there. He's going to pass the towel around. The athlete was asked to pass the towel. there to remove the excess of what appears There's something there on the skin. The crowd here is all in favor of Thalison, right? He's the home athlete. Yeah, people are rooting for him, but he's leaving soon. Come back, everyone. The fight of Static Shock Lipe will continue. The athlete was Wipe the area with a towel to remove the sweat. body. Let's see if we can spot any. thing now. Shocking news in the highlights. I went there to check out what it might be. what happened. The athlete Static Shock, It seems he made a release here. before the fight a little earlier and stayed a little too much, right, of cream, Something like that, right? So he went grab the towel there and then go. Everything's alright there, the fight. Beauty. And the crowd is really excited over there. Here comes the shock, the super shock is back and He also wants you to dry Lipe's hair with a towel. huh? He's demanding that Lipe get the towel. also. There goes Master Totonho over there. And now Lip has arrived, and... It's a shock, Amaral. The fight is only just beginning. It stopped at 1. minute and 36 seconds. There will be a lot of fighting ahead. Could it be? Will you go all the way to the end? Let's go. It looks like it's coming back. Let's go Back to the fight. Professor Toton and Aleixo were there complaining. there Quite a lot. And the fight will return to the same position. That's over, huh? Yes, the referee wants the fight to start in top. So, going back to it... the fight, The athlete Lipe playing guard. Super Shock trying to pass Lipe's guard. He tried to go to the mount. Lipe already held it. My foot again. There, look, he grabbed his foot. And the Static Shock had promised to get his foot. from Lipe, but it seems that Lipe came to Grab his foot, you hear? Yeah, my friend, when the guy puts it on... If he grabs his foot, he exposes his own too, right? So, let's see who can handle it and who can't. go to be able to finish. Let's go. Lipe is here. attacking Static Shock's foot. Super Shock defending. Lipe shakes his head, saying he's not. No one's bothered, everything's fine. It hit Static Shock is complaining over there, right? Static Shock is complaining about something. there. Static Shock is complaining, but Felipe he picked up by completion and also champion of the 65 kg category. Talison is quite happy there. I am not I know what he's complaining about. He was Disqualified. He was disqualified. He keeps questioning the result. Champion in the 65 kg category. N Felipe Ax. Static Shock promised to get his foot down, but They ended up picking on him, huh? That's right, my friend. Look how it is! Things are like that, right? the fans here at Super and to hand over the champion's belt that maintains His reign at the Majestic, Joel Silva, municipal secretary of youth, sports and leisure without gel, which is providing support for the organization and spreading our sport. Congratulations. Take a picture over here. The fans are protesting against it, right? Static Shock fans. And on the other hand on the other hand, the team that whoever applauded Lip here had everything to It's going to be a big fight, right, Amaral? Yes, actually Lipe took it and did what He had to do it. He promised to arrive. Come on, Felipe, returning with A fight with some controversies. Me explains that there was. He finally finished. Good evening, everyone. Goodnight. Goodnight, Manaus. Eh, The following happened, and I believe that... It was his fault. This happened to me. It almost happened to me last time. THE There's a part back there that's for... release and then all releases generally Use cream. And this cream, it is moisturizing, it even dries on the skin, but When we start to sweat, it releases... And then it gets slippery. It's not their fault. from him. I imagine it's not his fault. right? I didn't release it because I already... I knew that. This almost happened to me. last time. He had cream on, without problem. No problem. I just said, He's only wearing cream to dry it off. I I would also be very upset. If If there had been a disqualification, it would have ended. this fight. I don't want it to end like this. I didn't want it to end like this, thanks to God, it's not over. It ended with finalization. And that's what happened. Oh, thank you. to him for accepting this challenge, for having He challenged me, actually, uh, it was him. that challenged me. AND Finally, I'd like to thank the team at Manaus. Yeah, I know that I always have There are always fans here, there are always people. Rooting for me. Thanks. Thanks. Who else was rooting against it? That's really cool. I like this climate. And where are Leozão and Rafa? I don't know. I wanted to ask you something. Eh, I've fought all over the world. States United States, Russia, Kazakhstan. And I never I was the home athlete. I was never the athlete. from the house. I've always been the challenger, I was always fighting in a place where I... He wasn't welcome. And now I wanted to People will do it for the next challenge. I think which is the second time I'm here and I think it's the third time, let's go... to feel even more at home and I want to have the entire crowd from Manaus and We're going to call someone from outside and I'm the one. face of the house. That's it, guys. Thank you very much to our champion It remains the same. belt holder. Congratulations to Felipe. After that explanation, the staff Let's applaud Felip. Two more fights ahead. The misunderstanding has been resolved. Let's move on to more excitement. and follows him at the Mach PJ Challenge Arena. Now competing for the 88 category belt. kgo. The fight is expected to last 8 minutes. He who is the ADCC qualifier champion, Brazilian champion, champion of the second edition of Magazic PJ Challenge, representing the team top skull, Luiz Paul, the athlete from the house, Luiz Paulo from Amazonas, representing the Caveira Top team, Walking towards the Majestic Arena. And we're off to fight number 15 of night. Battle, he who is a three-time world champion World Pro champion, representing the DR team. in art. Isaac palen Here we have Isaac Baiense from Venarte. And to arbitrate this confrontation, the Professor Wellington Marques. A clash of generations, right? Isaac used to be Luiz's teacher there. Paulo when Luiz Paulo was in Drinharte. A highly anticipated fight. Isaac will go looking for it there. to leave their footprints. circulating, exchanging fall. Isaac Baiense in a white kimono and Luiz Paul in a black kimono. Until now, a well-studied fight, making exchanges the athletes' footprint. Isaac Baraiense is already there. Taking the initiative over there, look. It achieved Embrace the single. Let's see if he'll bring it to the middle. Keep pulling towards the referee's center circle. The referee stopped the fight. Tatam It became too small for both of them. Amaral shock. Yes, Isaac has that characteristic. right, always making exchanges and taking them to little corners. Fight right there in the corner, Always in the security field, right? Then That's to be expected. He tried to go single again. Isaac really wants to, huh? is with willing. And he even said that before, right? of the struggle, which I had never felt He has so much desire to fight, like he does. Feeling it now. Luiz Paulo defending himself Luiz Paulo. Luiz Paulo is counting on his fans. also shouting in its favor. Paulo, despite being younger, is also Very experienced, right? There is a lot experience, well-traveled there, fought in various places. It's difficult to keep the fight firmly in the center. From the tatami mat, right? But let's go. Two minutes have passed. with 6 minutes remaining until the end of the fight. 0 to 0. I I think now the referee There's going to be punishment for that, you see. A position for Luis Paulo. Yeah, they keep swapping, they keep swapping. Isaac is always looking for opportunities to fall, right? Luiz Paulo defending. Combat that has been studied extensively so far. among the athletes. I'm finding the Baiense is looking for more of a fight, right? AND Luís Paulo was fouled. This lack It could make all the difference in the end, you know? That's what's making the difference in moment. It's an 8-minute fight, we'll have... Just another 5 minutes, getting closer there. halfway through the match. Following up on that exchange above, right? THE Isaac is looking for more, right? the fight until moment. Now, Now Isaac has received a punishment. and the now both have received a punishment. And Isaac is still in the lead, right? Luiz Paulo with two penalties. And Isaac with one. Isaac again. Okay, now, Luiz Paulo was clever, It turned quickly. And Isaac is trying. Luiz Paulo now It's rotating towards the middle, right, so it doesn't... to receive more punishment. It's been intelligent. Now he's putting it on. Isaac on the edge of the tatami mat. Isaac knows how to fight well in those places. places. Fight right there in the corner. And that was an advantage for Isaac, you see. It's a matter of switching approaches. Let's see who who will take it better. Isaac Baiense has some good falls, Right, man? Some good falls there. But the Luís Paulo is aware. Fight, fight, device, now. Now Luis Paulo decided to pull up a guard. Now We're going to have little jugs. We will have 3 there. There are a few and a half minutes, practically 3 minutes and 40, about 3 minutes and 40 seconds more. of struggle. Let's see how it goes. to develop now in the soil. The athlete Luiz Paulo is making the catch there. the. Pants mouth and on the sleeve there of the Baiense's kimono. Baiense already in position, poised. to try to break through Luís's guard Paul. There Luiz Paulo looking at his watch to see How much is missing? Amaral, the shock. Is it...? Is it some kind of strategy for the very end? huh? Make it easy, tell him. How much is left? 3 minutes, my friend. There's still a lot of fighting to do. Look, it's Luiz Paulo! hugged, He embraced the single leg. Will it happen? to take? Isaac defending and Luiz Paulo pulling towards the middle so as not to Let him escape. Yes, my friend. And he held on until he got outside. No He didn't let go of the footprint, my friend. Just look. Could this be an advantage? Calling V. Let's see if we can pull off an advantage. Life goes on. My friend, that one That's it. People are asking questions. So, if this is considered an escape, then...? Guys, Let's see if the referee will give it. advantage. Let's see if the arbitration Whether you understand it as an escape or not. A foul and two points pro Baiense. The judge stopped there. You're complaining about... It looks like he felt something in his eye. Keep an eye on it, right? Nothing. Medical stop here to examine the eye of athlete Isaac Baiense. The two of them taking a moment to catch their breath. right? It's because the heat of Manar isn't for Not just anyone, right? Isaac arrived here. She also lost a lot of weight. weight, right, to fight in the category 88 kg, both athletes made weight. Well, now they've rested a little, go! have 2 and a half minutes. We hope that it is those 2 minutes were full of intensity. and a half And combat, folks. Let's go. You They're watching Majestic 6.0 right now. Luís Paulo pulling up a guard. Now the The referee will take it to the middle of the mat. so that the fight can continue. It's Luiz Paulo now, he's going to have to Speed ​​up, right? You're at a disadvantage. something Trying to give it a jolt, right? I was going to It was a cheap shot, but Isaac defended it. And Isaac Baiense will use all of his experience now to manage the fight. That's a big advantage, isn't it? Amaral and Shock. Yes yes. 4-0. And so far Luiz Paulo is still in the game. It's his, right? It's in the Baiense game. Bahense It will stay there. Luiz Paulo will have to To react, you'll have to lower your guard, you will having to take risks. Lifting your knee off the ground there, pushing Baiense is pushing forward with great force. right? It's bothering me with my head there. Luiz Paulo Trying to do something there. Look at The referee is now calling a foul on the... From Bahia. Luís Paulo is complaining, he's absent now. There's one minute left, 1 minute. And if he commits another foul, it will be two. Points for athlete Luiz Paulo, huh? 50 seconds. Not satisfied there Isaac. Ending in 50 seconds to see what It will happen. You're going to get another foul. Luiz Paulo had sex there. 30 seconds left in the fight. Isaac's already there. It's already open to receiving the other one. lack. He lost two points. There will be plenty of movement, those 15 of them. There are only seconds left and it's going to end. cooking up the fight and ending it. 5 seconds to the end And Luiz Paulo is trying. The fight is over. and the end of combat. Victory for athlete Isaac Baiense by points. It will appear. Hey Amarel, what did you think of this? fight clash? What did you think? And the official result of the 15th fight of night by 4 to 2, the champion of the category 88 kg with kimono Isaac Valhense. And to carry out the delivery of the belt of champion, I'm calling on Cândido Neto here, representing Amazon Experience BJJ. Let's all enjoy the experience. Amazonian from Jugitsu. Our new belt champion, Isaac. From Bahia. Isaac, let's go. It's a comeback. Tell us how that went. camp, lose weight, get back to training thinking about competition, that time there away from the tatami. How is it? Does it feel like being back here? First, good evening, Manaus. Very happy I'm glad to be here with you. A city that I, the first time I I was here in 2012, Blue Zone. juvenile. To be able to return after 13 Years of fighting is an incredible feeling. Ah, I haven't trained for a year, I haven't trained for a year. Train properly, without competing. I'm not I'm happy with my performance. I I know I have much more to show. more than just what happened here today. Eh, Ronaldo, are you here? Where are you, Ronaldo? Come here to the middle, please. Frog, Buddy, let him go, please. Come here, Ronaldo. The greatest happiness I have today is I could be fighting in front of this guy. which taught me a lot about life. Many of Sometimes we complain a lot about life, don't we? On an empty stomach. And Ronaldo was one of our first. Athletes are in São Paulo. He was one of them. the greatest talents I've ever seen within Jits. I remember that day very well to this day. that he won a World Pro in Abu Dhabi, then came second to Brazilian and we were doing the process of taking the animal away from him for us Go to the World Cup. And on Monday, at 18 or 19 years old, he had a stroke and It was a very difficult event. For us, because imagine one day you He sees a healthy kid, he sees a kid training, hitting everything worldwide, several black belt champions of Manaus has already been through a lot of hardship. of him, even with this accident that he He had it in his life, He showed that regardless of Life goes on despite the difficulties, right? Life continues. And to be able to be here today fighting in front of him, in his house, is A great source of pride for me. AND maybe this belt here at my house It would look nice among my trophies. but I know that for this guy It's going to be something incredible. So, I love you, Naldinho. What a beautiful gesture. What a nice gesture from Isaac, huh? And Ronaldinho, an exceptional athlete. Who saw it? This kid is going to fight, right, Amaral? Our, Give up Jito. That's it, don't give up. It's about being inspired. I'll now give the floor to Ronaldo. Only Turn over there, look, to that side. Who hits you? [laughs] huh? That's majestic, folks, that's what majestic is all about. That's not right, Amaral? Congratulations to Isaac for his attitude, right? THE kid that we all saw fighting here in Manaus, then on to São Paulo, We followed along, that was hitting the band. black, He hit everyone. It really was He was always very, very tough. And we'll continue from there. Let's go main fight of the event, 16th fight between Fabrício Andrei and Gabriel Souza. We're nearing the end of yet another one. event. Amaral, in your view, the level is... rising with each edition. Well, folks, that's it. Thank you very much once again. I'm going through a moment So in my life, I think that transformation. This year I turn 30. Thank God I conquered the greatest ones. titles within the sport. I achieved Change my life. And last year I I ended up losing my father. And that made me To reflect deeply on life. I stayed years and years traveling the world, training, competing and helping him by sending money, and he thought that was all that was needed. AND one of the last things he said For me it was: "You were the best thing." "what I did in the world." And every time I He competed, his joy was to show it in Street for his friends. And that is a The regret I have. Maybe not to have given him love. And the message that That's all I'd like to leave you with. Value life, value family. you, your friends, because that Time flies by here, and it's better if we... to give our all rather than live a life a life of regrets, more than not having given it, I think that's the most important thing. What was important was that there was affection and love for he. So that's it. Thank you again. Okay, folks. Goodnight. Thanks, everyone. Our champion is back! to the tatami mats. Welcome back, Isaac Baiense. That's it, folks. Scenes like this don't exist. price. Jitsu saves and protects from many things. different forms. This is jitso, this is maess PJJ challenge. And now, ladies and gentlemen, The time has come for all of you to... They waited. After a night of war, of challenge, of technical spectacle, two Jiu-Jitsu giants enter the mat in The pursuit of ultimate glory. The belt of 70 kg category in a fight lasting 8 hours. minutes. Get ready because there's no going back now. Who will raise the belt? Who will To go down in Majestic history? THE The answer is coming now. He He is the world champion. Pan-American champion, Brazilian champion, representing the Academy Alliance. Fabricio Andre. And here he comes representing Your gym, Alliance gym. Fabrício Andrei, from Amazonas multi-champion, will fight for the belt from Magest 6.0. And on the other side of this epic confrontation, he who is the World Pro champion, runner-up in ADC, representing the Connection BJJ team, Gabriel. Souza. And here he comes, the athlete Gabriel Souza. He represents Connect PJJ. And there, Shock? Amaral, and what about this fight, Amaral? A fight that promises to be interesting, right? And to arbitrate this duel, the professor Francisco Lima. This fight looks promising, huh? Gabriel entered there with the Indians' help. Ticuna, warrior Indians. This fight should have happened already. right? It was supposed to have happened in... And now... Rocage is there, making his entrance. Triumphant, and the audience goes wild. Let's go. 8 minutes of combat worth the... belt. Athlete Gabriel green and yellow H and the athlete Fabrício Andrei with the black R. A lot of studying, right? Lots of studying. There's one thing that's forbidden... If it happens, it's a mistake. If you make a mistake, it's all over. THE That's a very high-level fight, right? A fight that several events in the world and wanted to promote and thank God it happened no Magesque. And Fabrício Andrei is there if... Defending, right? Gabriel is on the single. He hugged her leg, but Fabrício You're defending well there. One might leave guillotine. That. He hugged her properly, giving her a... Hand triangle. He's making adjustments. Gabriel is already on his way. with his hand there to protect it. That's it. It went out And we have an advantage. for athlete Gabriel Souza. One to one in advantages. Now It's all tied up, huh? The fight follows the same pattern, right? Both If you study hard, right? They are there with That's a change of paces. When Gabriel arrives at the single, the Rocaj already has his defense prepared, right? A very well-thought-out fight. We knew It was going to be a fight, and a well-planned one. Any mistake is fatal, right, like us? We commented. But We're going to have a lot more excitement in this. That's a tough one, huh? That's what we hope. Wow, man, what a beautiful counter-attack! huh? Two points for Fabrício now. Andrei. It happens very quickly. Things happen very quickly. right? That's fast, isn't it, my friend? Nice entrance by Gabriel. Fabricio It seems like he was waiting, he's already entered the counterattack. Will Gabriel want to join? Cin? That's a very characteristic fall, isn't it, typical of Rokag? And Gabriel has already changed the game, hasn't he? Already It changed the game. Now it's pulled. And the fight is heating up. Go Slowly, the atmosphere is heating up. A fight for the MBC 6 belt. Gabriel wants to attack the foot. from Fabrício Andrei, but he's hiding it perfectly. Now he's pulled up his guard, he's going to go. Gabriel entering the attack and turning. Will it hit your back? trying to make the plunger there, but Rokag you know, He defended well. and we're already past the halfway point From the fight, huh? Half the battle is already over. stay behind, missing there, with 3 remaining. Minutes and a half, and an advantage now. pro athlete Gabriel. It's all tied. That's right, Jque. All tied. Let's see how it goes. Let's unfold that fight there. It's starting to accelerate. He left his foot there. Gabriel trying to grab Fabrício's foot. Fabrício complained over there, right? I didn't understand what he meant. No, I don't know if it was crusading, something That's the situation, but the fight continues. Five minutes of fighting have already passed. 5 minutes and quite. Gabriel will be penalized for a foul. Who's giving The biggest problem for him is already Fabrício. Andrei, who is already raising his hand and Giving the punishment, right? Will he go into the cinema? The fight ended in a draw. 2 minutes left until the end of the fight. Nothing's decided yet, okay? There's going to be a punishment here, right? I don't think so. It seems that punishment. It worked, po, it worked, catch it! a foul. It seems I wasn't with With the grip, it didn't make a grip and it sat down. THE The referee is requesting a review. Let's see the that the refereeing team will decide. Gabriel is complaining. According to that rule. It's going to be two points, right? If it didn't have a footprint, oh. They took it away. there. VAR ruled it out. Nothing has changed. Nothing has changed. And the fight continues. And the clock keeps ticking, folks! THE The clock never stops. One and a half minutes. Now It will accelerate. Let's go, Heading into the final stretch of the fight. Competing for the Majestic belt. 6.0. Fabrício Andrei arrived, but Gabriel He defended very well. Now, Gabriel managed to pull it. whole. It's back on the single track again. Fabrício already I was aware of the evil and Gabriel He gave up. We're entering the final stretch. 1 minute until the end of the fight to see who will to be the MBC6 champion. Fabrício Andrei now. Did he feel his knee there? He already put it in its place. If you left He put it there right away. [laughter] Let's go, guys. My dears, now with 40 more to go. seconds to finish the fight. Who Will he win? Who will win? 30. Look It's just Fabrício Andrei trying to... inverted triangle. With 15 seconds remaining, Look how it is! Rocagem. It started. Let's go. Could it be? Are you going to take it? 5 seconds remaining. The tatami mat became too small and Fabrício Andrei brings the gang. It's delusional. Let's go. What a struggle, huh, guys? What fight. The judge gave Rokage an advantage. One advantage. One advantage up front. It will end. fight. End of combat and the athlete's victory Fabrício Andrei. The athlete Gabriel complained, but now he's given up. Sending a hug to Fabrício Andrei! Complaining to the referee. What do you guys think, huh? Yes, they were there in the area of Safety, in the yellow zone, right? Then, It's open to interpretation, right? That's it, folks. We've reached the end of yet another event. This event was a success. Once again, congratulations to... My friend Amaral, congratulations to my friend Shocking, congratulations to Rafael, congratulations for Leo, Samuel, Our entire team. Let's go, Let's see the referee's decision here. Look They're still discussing it over there, right? Why In reality, the movement began in Yellow area, right? So, possibly That advantage will be taken away then. Okay It's being reviewed on VAR, right? Let's see what will be decided. Right, Amaral? And the official result from the last fight of the night, for an advantage, the champion of the 70 kg category in Fabricio. Andr, victory for athlete Fabrício Andrei. Let's go Listen to Fabrício over there. And to present our prize champion in the main fight of the night, Jackson from Master Frigo, our supporter. and sponsor. Let's crown our champion. Congratulations, Fabrício. Our final fight, the main event. I I wanted to know a little bit about Fabrício, What was it like fighting at the black belt level for the first time? This time I'm back here in Manaus. Tell me How was the fight? What were your feelings? Here today. The feeling is very good. Eh, for whom You don't know, my family is right over there. He was the first time they are me Watching, uh, in person. So, only I have to be grateful for the family I have. I have, well, the character they instilled in me. They are excellent people. Thank you too. To all the audience, uh, who came here cheering, who came to shout, not only for me, but also for Gabriel, who is a Excellent athlete. Yeah, I think that's it. Here, victory or defeat is part of the game. an athlete's career. And I think that The only advantage you have in winning, especially on a large stage, that You have the microphone to speak to the people. And the message I want to leave for You here is: "Forgive all people that you have something that you don't They can speak. Personally, uh, I He was from Master Melk's academy, he's Up to this point, I don't know if he's already gone. Uh, I I can only thank him as well for me. It made me the athlete I am today. Then, Thank you to everyone here. I think this is This is the first time I've come to say this. In public. So, thank you very much indeed. Without you, I wouldn't have... If I were living like that, I wouldn't have the life I wanted. I have it today. A life that I can to provide good things for my family. Yes, I am able to provide things. Good for my future wife too. A thief, right? So that's it, very much so. Thank you all. I thank Gabriel for I also came to Manaus. Far to Wow, he came! A salvo of Applause for Gabriel too, man. Put Please. It cost. If you want to give a Just a word, give me a quick word, Gabriel. I wanted Gabriel to speak to us. This very close fight was a A very, very exciting advantage. Tell me Hey Gabriel, your experience in Manaus. First of all, good evening, Manaus. Very Thank you for all the affection, right? I I arrived in Manaus, I think that Tuesday, as Fabrício said, today I am in the United States, thank God. Thanks to Jício. And the fight is over, the People were even joking around, regardless. From the result, I think it's the The transformation that Jito made in our Life has been something gigantic, hasn't it? Then I thank Fabrício for accepting the fight. And let it in That kid is really angry. I'm a fan of Jito. of him, of him as a person as well. There are several athletes who have a character that is not of the same ilk better, but Fabrice is an example that We see each other every day. We've already done it. part of the same event Aiga there in Kazakhstan. Today we had the opportunity to train right here in front of you. It's a very different kind of workout, isn't it? Full of adrenaline. He's someone who wants a belt. another wanting to go home, for whatever reason. What is the reason? But I just want to say thank you. Majesti too, right, for doing that. The fight is happening here in Manaus. second time. For those who don't know, it is, I think... these last three, three to five years, then I I have been competing in the world of super fights. I never had the opportunity to to fight in Brazil, this second time year. I am very grateful. And I just wanted I also want to thank my family there, okay? Are you watching? They can't. I watch so often, but I I'm sure my nephews are at home driving their parents crazy there. Eh, They're rooting for them. And that's it. I think that Regardless of the victory, it was a fight. Very good. It's hard to let go of the game, it is It's difficult to fight in front of everyone, isn't it? It's difficult to come to my opponent's house. And here we are to win. So, few Athletes do this. For those who don't know, The fight was probably offered to other athletes and they didn't accept because It was here in Manaus, but I thank the... My team behind this, Tii, my nutritionist, my psychologist He's also doing an excellent job. This is the second-to-last commitment of the year. After I'm going on vacation. If you want See you fighting in 2026, I'll be back. It will be a pleasure to return to Manaus. Eh, I hope I win next time, right? AND us. Thanks. So, good night. And that. A great show. He won Jiu-Jitsu. Magic won. And so, my dear, we arrive at end. Another edition of Jess BJJ Challenge, a historic edition. Thank you to everyone who filled the gymnasium, everyone who watched us live from Flow Grapplin and say that if you I found this edition spectacular, the next one It's going to get even better. May God be with you. Until next time. Someone's forgetting their headphones here.