Kind: captions Language: en And we use that to kind of save up and support the lifestyle, but now it's like being able to support myself, grappling, teaching, and opening a gym. Like if I don't have to go back to being an engineer, I won't, right? But I can if I need to. I know. Yeah. We drank coffee at the house pre-game. Now we drink a stronger coffee, a Vietnamese coffee at Me &amp; Cane, one of our standard Jiu-Jitsu staple spots, acai and Vietnamese coffee. Are you big into Vietnamese coffee? &gt;&gt; Love it. Love it. &gt;&gt; coffee? Love it. Very strong. Almost gives me a heart attack every time. I think we got the boys here, too. They're mad at you for being a little late? Yeah. &gt;&gt; Deandre doesn't mess around with being late. They They don't. We always start on time. But I'm going to I'm just going to blame it on the flow guys why we're why we're late. I don't know what's wrong with this fucking guy. I thought he represented Standard. As you can see he should have been the first guy here. I don't want to get ahead of it. He's going to blame us. It's all him, you know. I probably come here like what, two or three times a week to get coffee. They know us. They follow Standard, too, so. And there's another coffee shop that follows Standard, so. Rockville, a lot of small businesses, like kind of we're trying to try to build a community around here, so. It's good. Yeah. These guys best best Vietnamese coffee in Rockville, probably in the DMV. Look at that. Thank you. Appreciate it. What's special about Vietnamese coffee? I don't know. It gets my heart racing, though. It's my heart racing. Oh, yeah. So, we got the boys out. Uh Dark Wizard, Greg, Marcos, Rod, every Standard piece of media goes through him. Got masters two pan champ over there, Josh. Got Hashir camp coming from Chicago. He's been training with us for not even a year, but he's been training. And then this guy from Canada, Julio. Shout out Canada. Shout out Canada. How do you guys think Deandre's going to do in the 155 bracket? &gt;&gt; Let's be real. He'll He's going to squish whoever you put in front of him unless it's uh Dorian. And then that is going to be exciting cuz I me personally, I don't know what they think. I think it's going to be who can be the first one to lock their hands around the other guy. That's going to be the actual fight. It's not going to be any wrestling or guard play. And nothing specific. It's who can lock their hands or legs around the other guy and might decide the win. I was working a desk job for so long that I started feeling like my body kind of started deteriorating and getting like all contracted sitting all day. So, when I was working the office job, I was like uh I just found ways to get walking in and I just started feeling better. And then next thing I knew it was like it became a regular thing, right? And the cool thing or the funny thing about working the office was that couldn't have my phone in the office, though, cuz the nature of my work. So, I literally had to get the pedometer. I was like, all right, let me keep track about like how much like activity I got. And then I've just kept the pedometer the whole time. It was also a way to help me kind of get some extra activity in to cut weight because we're training a lot already and I still like to like eat a pretty good amount. So, like how can I get some extra low-level activity in? I would just walk and walk and walk. I've walked 100,000 steps before in one day, which is 16 and 1/2 hours, almost 50 miles. I walked to DC and back to Rockville. And uh that took a long ass time and I'll say I'll say you why. It was actually pretty nice. It was a nice day. Um body felt pretty good afterwards. Feet were sore, but that was the farthest I've ever walked at one time. All right. Thanks for hanging out with me, guys, and spending the morning. Going to get some more steps in. Got a lot to do. But got 19,000 more steps before I go to training later on, but uh I'll see you there. What's going on, guys? This is Coach Greg. We're in Rockville, Maryland here at Standard Jiu-Jitsu. We're finishing up our training camp for Deandre Corbe who's fighting a four-man bracket. Um I flow grapple next week. Uh we're just finishing up our last bit of training. So, tonight we're doing match simulation. Uh we've already gone through an entire camp over the last 8 weeks that's whittled down into these moments. Uh typically the last week or two we're focused on weight cut and we're focused on match simulation as our final stage of training. The whole thing we're looking for is sharpness, right? So, we want to make sure that all the stress we put him through over the last couple weeks, he's recovering from. So, he should look sharp this week. He should look fast. He should look explosive. He should look fresh with his exchange. The fatigue is going to start to come off. So, by the time we we peak, we're going to be in peak for the match next week. So, I'm just looking for sharp, fresh behavior. Guys, listen up real quick. This is what we're doing tonight. We're doing three 15s. So, you have a 15, 5-minute break. Get a new partner, 15, 5-minute break. One more, then we go home. Got it? All right, jump. Get. Oh, training's always going great. I mean, you know, in 6 years I've never had a training problem with Deandre. He's always where he's supposed to be. He's always accountable for uh his health, uh his performance, his taking care of himself. So, and we're always good, man. We're good now. Yeah, good team. Got a good coach. Got a good team. Got a good room. It's all you really need. People who can never get to come in this room and and train with him. What What was that experience like? Uh it's miserable, man. It's miserable. In the best way possible. I mean, I think just my experience training with him is that the pressure feels different. I It's He's always applying forward pressure. There's never a break. He's switching from task to task. And uh it's inspiring. I'm constantly trying to steal as much shit as I can from him. He never gets tired. Uh I watched him make somebody cardio puke while he was breathing through his nose. And like that guy fucked me up. So, I don't know, man. There's levels. And he's got a big match coming up next week on on FloGrappling. Uh who's number one in the four-man bracket for the lightweight title? How do you think Deandre's going to do? Oh, he's got to be Standard on top, right? We know We got to get the Corbe brothers back on top. I think we all know what the what the match is that everybody's hoping to see. And I hope that's the finals and I hope to see Deandre come out on top and make all this suffering work out. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Guys, this is up. You got 5 minutes to rest. Chill. Get your water. Get fully recovered. We're doing two more. Nasal breathing only. Nasal breathing only. No, first round maybe nasal breathing. Second round, these next two are going to be a little tougher, for sure. Nice. Who are you going with in the second round? &gt;&gt; Got my boy Sid. He just won the 170 finishers title. So, I got Sid and then one of our uh black belts, Travis, last round. He's been making a run in the ADCC opens to him. He didn't take it into some higher level guys, man. You know, these guys are relatively unknown, but they're developing. They're coming. High pace. We're not saving anything. Empty the tank. He's the athlete that every coach wants. He's a guy you don't have to be accountable for. Uh he comes here because he wants to be here. He works hard because he wants to work hard. He takes care of him takes care of himself cuz he wants to take care of himself. Uh all the effort you see him give is purely from his desire. You don't need to pump him up or motivate him. He sleeps well. He eats well. He trains hard as hell. He does everything he's supposed to do to be the guy that he's trying to become. Um and so, you don't He's a unicorn. You You see those once in a blue moon. Like for example, in 6 years he's never missed a practice. He's never been late to a practice. He's never been hurt. I mean, I I I don't know. He's the athlete, right? He's the athlete you want. So, we have an idea of how we want Jiu-Jitsu to play out and he was willing to do that philosophy and do it that way and express it out there. Of course, he comes up with his own things and comes up with his own way to express it, but he trains as as we train him, right? So, the philosophy is, you know, we attack periphery, get access to center mass. We immobilize center mass. Isolate, reattack periphery. He's a strong grip fighter. Um strong positional control. Very precise finisher. Prioritizes leg strangles over any other thing. Uh strong entanglements with strong heel hooks. I'm very focused, intense, and purposeful grappler. And then we got one more. Let's give it coverage. Let's go. I don't know if you heard Greg earlier, but usually last week we do a lot of uh simulation. Obviously, he's not going to replicate the full intensity of a competition, but match length, you know, the constraints is an open round like a regular match. So, that's what we're going to do all week, just taper off. Just feels like a fucking wet blanket, dude. Like you can't get him off you. Can't move him. It's just continually just getting smashed. But it's good, though. I like it. It's fucking, you know, pushing us to get better, so. What do you think it is that that that makes Deandre so good? Makes him kind of different? It's his focus, man. He can he can stay focused on one thing, holding any line as long as he wants. And just like his intentionality is always there. Like he's going to get what he wants, no matter how long it takes him to do it. Like that's such a crazy quality to have as a grappler. He's just able to like impose his will on people, you know? We don't look at our athletes per se. We impose our will on everyone that we fight. We train to do so. The idea is that we expose our students to enough variation that it prepares them for novelty. Meaning put anyone in front of them, because we've used so much variation in our training, we're prepared for anything they can throw at us. And again, we prepare by imposing our will and training to do so. There are some things about the athlete that we will take into account based on their personal styles, but we don't train them specifically for that person. A better way to think about it is we train them for the situations and condition that might present based on who those athletes are versus who DeAndre is and how we imagine that could possibly play out. Good work tonight, guys. You guys are finished. Remember, it was a HARD PRACTICE, THE RECOVERY STARTS NOW. WHEN YOU GET done tonight, hydrate, carbohydrate, and get some rest. Happy our guys get this opportunity to go out there and shine. I want more of these opportunities for more of my athletes as I continue to make new ones and grow new ones. We want to be out there. We want to keep climbing to the top and do what we do. The following is a presentation of FloSports. Who's number one isn't just a question. It's the only question that matters. And tonight, the next generation answers. First, we find out who the baddest 145 youth grappler on the planet really is. Then, a new lightweight champion is crowned, a title vacated by Diego Pato. As four of the best 155 pounders square [music] off for the strap. Alongside them, the sport's brightest rising talent steps onto the stage, putting it all on the line to show the world exactly who they are. This is cutting edge grappling. This is Who's Number One 32. Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to Austin, Texas for Who's Number One 32. On tonight's event, the Lone Star State plays host to not one, but two separate tournaments. The undisputed lightweight crown on the line for four athletes who have reached the championship caliber. But on the other side of the tournaments, the 145 pound youngsters go at it in their own grand prix. 13 bouts in total, all live on FloGrappling. Ben the Bane Davis here. An honor to be aside the action all night long. Joining me with this broadcast is the fifth degree Renzo Gracie black belt, Shawn Williams. Shawn, a pleasure to be here with you. What a great day to be a BJJ fan. &gt;&gt; Oh, oh man, this card is going to be ridiculous. But let's let's really hone in on on those four-man brackets. We've got, you know, a different a little bit of a different look today. We've got the four youth coming in, top youth in the world coming in to create some utter chaos. And if you've ever seen any of these kids' highlights, oh my gosh. I think we're in for a real real treat. And then on top of that, you've got four of the very best at the 155 going for that belt. We're going to see some real real some star-studded action tonight. The action heroes of tomorrow dancing and dueling today, but the men who have dominated the present still very much in the conversation. Let's take a quick peek at that WNO lightweight championship grand prix setup. On one end of the bracket, you have got a true firecracker of a showdown between DeAndre Corbe and Max Hanson, Shawn. Yeah, I mean, this is going to be a great great match. DeAndre Corbe, I mean, what what can you not say about this guy? He is really great. He's He's very very well rounded, a very well put together game. He's great at wrestling. Uses this wrestling to get into advantageous positions and [music] and either put you down or do this, get a submission off of all of these different scrambles. You see there [music] a nice clip of him getting to the back. But he is also exceptionally good on top. He wrestles up from the bottom, but [music] his passing game is exactly as you see here, going from left to right and creating these openings that he can take advantage of. Now, Max Hanson on the other hand, leg lock specialist. He does have his work cut out for him. DeAndre is extremely talented on the legs, but if Max can get in, get sticky on the legs, [music] feel like he might be able to create some opportunity to either finish or use those legs to to wrestle up or get the back and create some opportunity that he might [music] not be able to do if they just started on the feet. So, Max Hanson's going to have to get creative &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; and and open up some opportunity against a very very talented DeAndre Corbe. Snapping and cracking [music] expected on one side of the bracket, but the other side of the bracket is just as high octane fueled. You've got a showdown with Julian Espinosa and Dorian Olivarez. I mean, come on. It's brilliant. &gt;&gt; I mean, it's a rematch that happened not long ago. And Dorian, one of the most exciting young athletes [music] in the sport, is literally non-stop. I mean, this guy you're going to see this guy go for 15 minutes and he will not stop. One of the strongest things that he has is this [music] pace that he can keep on. You know, people might say, "Hey, the strongest is the wrestling." But his wrestling is just a part of it. The [music] pace that this guy keeps is is really one of the strongest and the consistency of of the speed of what he he is able to go from takedowns to the guard passing to into the guillotines. What he does well is wear his opponents down and then take the back just like this and then get his finishes. But again, Julian Espinosa here is is is it It's not that's a tall order. What I think Julian [music] does best is get submissions when there's opportunity presents itself. He's very good at capitalizing when he can and that is where I believe he's going to need to find some time where maybe Dorian overcommits. Maybe he opens [music] himself up and Julian can jump on a submission. He's known to jump all over the place, fall on legs, go from top to bottom on legs. Just doesn't care. He's He's a really strong submission machine. That's going to be one of his keys for tonight. Espinosa bringing that 71% submission rate opposite Dorian Olivarez, who's never been subbed. What a clash I can't wait to see again. But this lightweight championship grand prix, Shawn, created because Diego Pato lets the belt go. I mean, what a storyline that we have here with that? &gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. I mean, these guys are fighting for an abandoned belt. He abandoned it and now they got to fight back and he said, "I'm I'm just going to win it back. YOU'LL SEE." &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; PATO'S STILL THE KINGPIN of the featherweights. The bantamweight belt remains vacant. Mika Galvao in charge of the welterweights. The pantheon that these lightweights look to join here tonight. Mika Galvao also in charge of the middleweight division. At light heavyweight, Pedro Marino reigns supreme. In the heavyweight throne, it sits Luke Griffith. And in our open weight, it's Declan Moody. Man, so we talk about these championship caliber athletes who have ascended to possibly putting themselves on these pedestals of the greats, but the youngsters also dotting tonight's card looking to make their own mark, Shawn. Yeah, absolutely. And we're going to we're going to start off with the youngster JP Tran, J Ortiz. What a match. I mean, I I was introduced to JP Tran at the 2014 ADCC Youth Championships when he escaped an armbar that looked unescapable. One of the deepest armbars you'll ever see. This kid fought out of it, came back and won. A very talented young athlete here. You can see he's going in for that side kata gatame and then right into the triangle. It just flows. His submissions flow. He's got a very good twister plat. He's just good from top to bottom. So, there's a nice clip of him passing using that head arm grip and then there's a triangle again. But he's got his hands full. I mean, James Ortiz or J Ortiz, they fought before, but J Ortiz very very slick and savvy submission athlete, really. I mean, look, he just chases these submissions down. And anytime you have a kid as good as submission as him, it's dangerous. You leave something out. You leave an arm out. It's dangerous. He's dangerous from everywhere, on the legs, on the arms, on the upper bodies, on the strangles and from the mount. So, it's going to be a great match. These kids These These young athletes, I don't want to call them kids. They're young youth young athletes that are on their way to the top towards that adult division. They're some of the best in the world in the youth division. It's going to be exciting to see these two start it off. The age simply cannot fool you. I mean, they have a lifetime of training behind them. Now, obviously we've got these two fantastic tournaments for you here at WNO 32, but that's not all that we're offering on FloGrappling. Here's a look at tonight's entire card. Full fight card on tap here. All begins with the featherweights Connor Stalmer and Nakoa Navarro. Following that action, it is Bibi Humko and Zoe Freeman. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Then starts our youth grand prix with James Ortiz and JP Tran. After that, it's the other side of that youth bracket, Chigi Signs and Matthew Bam Bam Police. Up to the light heavyweights for Austin Sans and Rejeus De Wan. Then our lightweight grand prix gets going with DeAndre Corbe and Max Hanson and Dorian Olivarez and Julian Espinosa in our semi-finals. Then down to the bantamweights for Jaini Fragosso and Lillian Marchin in a super clash that you do not want to miss. After that, the flyweights take center stage with Tainara Victoria and Mona Bailey. Then, a catchweight battle between the Matador [music] Nick Mataia and the Bulldozer Jacob Bornemann. Following them, it is our youth Grand Prix Championships and then our co-main, one that you are going to want to be seated for cuz it could be over in an instant as Sebastian Atalla and Felipe Pena Costa battle. After that, it is our main event, the lightweight throne, a new kingpin will be crowned. But talking about kings reminds me of queens, time to bring in our third member of the broadcast team, Kendall Reusing. Kendall, how are you? I'm super happy to be here in Austin for Who's Number One 32. I love a bracket, so we get two tonight and not only do we have the lightweight like you mentioned, but the winner of the youth bracket is already set to fight the winner of the BJJ Stars Brazilian athlete bracket winners. So, that's going to be set up tonight, which is very exciting. What a fantastic showdown that I can't wait to see. BJJ just lighting it up, but I know that outside of the tournaments, Kendall, you do have your eyes on some very fun matchups on this WNO card. I do. We're going to take a look at three of them to break them down, some of my favorite athletes on the card right here. You guys are going to get to see a little bit of match footage of them, too. First up here, we're going to take a look at Tainara Victoria versus Mona Bailey. Mona Bailey actually started training when she was 9 years old and she is called on Instagram the alopecia jiu-jitsu girl because alopecia is a big, big part of her story. She was bald for many years through her training and jiu-jitsu was a big part of how she stayed motivated and grounded throughout that journey as a child. She took third at the No-Gi Worlds in December at her debut as a black belt and she has a really offensive, submission-oriented guard. So, it'll be really fun to see how aggressive she is from start to finish. She is very well-rounded, but I think you can look forward to seeing her pull and attack from there. She's going to be taking on Tainara Victoria, who's a veteran on Who's Number One [music] and a leg locker. She has a very, very strong leg lock game. However, most of her major titles are actually in the gi, so I think it'll be a fun clash of styles to see how these two ladies match up for each other. This is a flyweight match as well. And Tainara Victoria and Mona Bailey, that's going to be one that you don't want to miss. Next up, we're going to take a look at Nick Mataia versus Jacob Bornemann. This is a welterweight match. Jacob Bornemann is definitely known for his aggressive takedowns, front headlocks, and really just scrappy style. He has a lot of videos of him suplexing people, throwing them over, especially in these ADCC type events when things get a little bit crazy. He's super fun to watch, so I would expect him [music] to come out and be a wrestler and looking really, really strong. And we've got Nick Mataia, of course, also here in welterweight. Now, he is has a similar situation to Bornemann in the sense that he's always hunting submissions and he has some strong wrestling, but I would say he has a more classically well-rounded [music] game top and bottom. So, I'm not totally sure if they'll come out and wrestle here with each other or maybe Mataia comes out and pulls and tries to take advantage of the fact that he can get right to some of his strong suits and overtake Bornemann, but it's going to be a good one. Then, of course, you've got Sebastian Atalla versus Felipe Pena Costa in a light heavyweight bout. Sebastian Atalla is a really fun person on this bracket because if you watch the press conference, he's one of the funniest people. He is amazing and of course, he's got great jiu-jitsu, but he's just super entertaining and he was dying to get on this card, so you know he's going to come and give a great show no matter how the match goes. Then, of course, Felipe Costa has been on Who's Number One multiple times. I'm really excited to see what he can do because he took a third uh bronze play uh bronze medal at ADCC in 2024 and then since then has continued to rise up in his maturity on the mats. He said the last time he was on Who's Number One, he was a little bit nervous because his friends and family were watching. It was here in Austin as well and he's feeling a little bit more grounded this time around to come and really solidify himself as his top spot in front of his Six Blades crowd. Fantastic breakdowns. Thank you, Kendall. Can't wait to see you in just a moment as the action begins. Shawn, I cannot wait for this one between Bornemann and Mataia. That one's going to be special. Yeah, I mean, it's going to be a clash of two titans, so to speak. I mean, they're going to go at it. Who knows? Like as Kendall mentioned, it could go in many different ways, but it's definitely going to be a clash between two very, very athletic, strong human beings. I love it. So much action here on WNO 32, FloGrappling, just the place for all things Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. Jiu-Jitsu lives here. Every sweep, every submission, every second on the mats. FloGrappling keeps you plugged in with live tournaments, super fights, and real stories from the athletes on the mats every single day. Watch your favorite athletes chase gold, discover the next wave of superstars, and stay locked in with the sport all year long. Stream it all live on FloGrappling. There's the QR code. Subscribe now at flograppling.com/signup. You do not want to miss a single second of all this BJJ action. Now, for those just tuning in for the first time or returning to WNO after a little while, you might be asking yourself, how does this all work? Here's a refresher before we head into tonight's card. Welcome to Who's Number One, the premier proving ground for the world's best grapplers. And now, right here on this very stage, two grapplers will [music] enter and only one will leave victorious. All matches &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; are 15 minutes in length, except where otherwise noted. With no points, no advantages, and no interruptions, just elite competitive grappling. There are two ways to win. The first is, of course, [music] the most preferred, by submission. And here at Who's Number One, all submissions are legal. Heel hooks, armbars, twisters, and beyond, the world's best have all the tools at their disposal. And if at any point either [music] competitor taps, the match is over. But if there isn't a submission, we will rely on three neutral side judges to determine a winner. Their decision will be based on our Who's Number One judging criteria, [music] which is unique to this match. Now, above all, we are looking for aggression. That means never taking a backward step and moving forward at all costs. We're looking for dangerous submission attacks. That means attempts that will result in a near submission, okay? Leave your 50/50 ankle locks at home. We don't need them. If it doesn't result in a reaction or a hyperextension, they simply won't count. And finally, positional control. That means guard passing, mount, back takes, anything that leads to positional dominance. The match will be judged in its entirety and the person with the better display of effective grappling skill will get their hand raised. The referee is also neutral and does not take part in the judges' decisions. His role is purely to control the action on the mats and reset the action should it go out of bounds. This is elite grappling competition at its purest form, a showcase for the world's best grapplers on the world's biggest stage. Just the best fighting the best. It's the only way to truly find out who's number one. Welcome in to Austin, Texas, the city that has transformed into the Mecca of jiu-jitsu. Tonight, Texas athletes look to defend their turf as some of the best athletes invade from Miami, Costa Rica, and much more. We also have the inaugural bracket, FloGrappling bringing the bright lights to the youth. So, we're not just going to be watching teens' matches, we're going to be building the foundation for the future of this sport and for the next generation's takeover. This is WNO 32 prelims. Fighting out of the blue corner, he stands 5 ft 5 in tall and weighing in at 144.2 lb. Fighting out of Henderson, Nevada, it is 10TH PLANET VEGAS STANDOUT Nikko Navarro. Hawaii in the blood, but excellence on the mats. Here is Nikko Navarro, 10th Planet Las Vegas representative, [music] Level X black athlete, such high expectations for Navarro here as he makes his way to the WNO mats. And his opponent in the red corner, standing 5 ft 7 in tall and weighing in at 140.8 lb. He is a six-time ADCC Open Champion and representing Simple Man Martial Arts, Connor Stalmer. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Cornered tonight by Nicky Ryan and Damien Anderson, some stars behind him, a real difficult opponent in front of him, the 17-time ADCC official medalist, the Fight to Win Teen No-Gi champ, HERE for his showdown to kick off Who's Number One 32. Tale of the tape for our first prelim bout of the evening in the featherweight division. Both competitors 15 years young. Stahmer holds a 2-in height advantage. They each came in at the WNO featherweight limit. Fight. Nine minutes of action between the two 15-year-olds. Ben Davis here alongside Shawn Williams. Shawn, these kids just know how to start the tone for an event of this magnitude. &gt;&gt; Yeah, both strong wrestling backgrounds and and right away right away Connor sitting in on the legs. He's going to have to pummel that right leg underneath. Connor's accolades really speaking for themselves. 2021 IBJJF American National Kids Champ as well as the 2026 ADCC Youth Worlds invitee. A lot of gold at home for Stahmer. Yeah, it's grip fighting. Navarro has to watch this left side here. His His left side is going to have to grip fight that or bring that leg back. And you think about this rule set, right? No points, no advantages. It is calibrated towards violence. Yeah, and you know, not every competition allows all rules. So, it's something also different for for a lot of these kids that they don't get to fight with this way all the time. He's on an arm here is Navarro, but nothing doing. Stahmer got the legs involved. Two tournaments on tonight's WNO card. The lightweight crown will find a new home and our youth Grand Prix showcasing some more 145ers as they get into the first chapters of their careers. Stahmer nice going from inside inversions to outside inversions. Doing a very nice job of moving, but let's see if he can get that something going. Arm drag attempt there. If you're Nicola Navarro, right? You've had 2 minutes on top of Connor Stahmer, but Stahmer's been quite busy, quite active. What is the puzzle as this match up continues? &gt;&gt; So, for Navarro it's about his right hands. Get Getting out Getting that out. Now, Kyle Terrific footlock coming on strong. He's got to peel it push pull his foot over the leg. Does Navarro. But, that right side I mean, the near side is always important, but the right side at the moment of him controlling this leg to stop inversions, put a left hook in or a left That left foot could go into the inside. Stops all these inversions. And then getting underhooks and coming down and getting more connected. Right now, he's Yeah, Stahmer is keeping him at bay. He's trying to footlock here. Trying to steam a lock. Deeply entangled through 2 and 1/2. Nicola Navarro, 2026 ADCC Youth Worlds invitee in his own right as well as the 2025 ADCC San Diego Open semifinalist. So, a high-level experience clash to begin tonight's action. Stahmer with so much focus on those lower appendages. Really locked in on the right leg. Navarro has shown this a couple different times. And now, I don't know if he's trying to get the pass the pass the leg or pass his head underneath that top leg. Navarro attempting to go aerial several times. Stahmer real nice rolls to keep tracking. Las Vegas representative. &gt;&gt; [applause] &gt;&gt; Reset to the center. 5:45 to go. Fight. See the right hand could be pump punching underhooks and and literally jumping his head on his left side towards the floor. It It It just gets connection in there. But, right now he cannot because there's a two-on-one. He's got to release that cross hand wrist. Navarro really minding the P's and Q's, dotting the I's, trying to cross the T's on top of Stahmer. Yeah, Stahmer needs to move the hips back a little bit. You see it like He's He's He's in this place I call the sweet spot. When he sits up there and right there, he's got to move his hips back a little bit or get a little stronger. That way he can go under with a little more momentum. He can invert with a little more momentum, but that could leave him open for Navarro to jump dive in there with an underhook if he stays in that sweet spot too long. And the significance, Shawn, of Mickey Ryan and Damien Anderson in the corner here for Connor Stahmer. I mean, if you want anyone telling you what to do in these sequences, it'd probably be them. Yeah, excellent coaching. Excellent excellent athletes. Now, here's where Navarro could dive at. He tried to dive into a Kimura there. It's where he could punch that right underhook in right here and get his head on the mat. Not now because the knee is too high, but 4 minutes remain between the featherweights. And for that sequence, right? Diving over for that Kimura. Is that just an explosion, right? You need more on the gas to get through that spot? &gt;&gt; it it can I mean, if you can get it, it can help you pass the guard, but it can just create some movement. Some variety such that then, you know, that the guard player may not be quite as committed to staying seated or so. Both strategies competitive and even. 3:30 remains. Now, in the final chapters of this featherweight bout, it seems like maybe going from plan A to plan B could be paramount for either fighter. Yeah, again now Navarro's on a foot tight. I mean, he's got a pretty good grip on this. Let's see if he can isolate. Yeah, he's got the legs there. That's a very tight footlock. Let's see if he can create any pressure. He's got to Now, figure four lock on the legs. So, we'll see if he elects to go from straight to straight Achilles. Fight. He's stopping but he He didn't have the feet on the hips to get more power. Now, the figure four over the hips sometimes you reach your limit of power. So, And smart from Stahmer to roll themselves almost all the way to the back. &gt;&gt; [cheering] [applause] &gt;&gt; Navarro was searching for the lower limbs all battle long. Gets it done with 2:30 to go. And that might be one of those instances where the reset, you know what I mean? You get a little bit unfocused and then that's where THINGS FALL APART. NICE MATCH THOUGH. VERY very nice match. Good. Connor Stahmer and his Las Vegas representative, Level X Black Athlete. Such high expectations for Navarro and Damien Anderson. Some stars behind him. A little Stahmer wants to set the tone for WNO 32. It is absolutely this one. Yeah, both these Both these individuals went after it and went to work. Um [music] You We saw a lot of back and forth. He said an opportunity to try to a little Kyle footlock. It didn't quite work out. Then Navarro had his attempt. It's coming up here. And There's a nice straight footlock. Goes [music] on the outside and you can see him put that left foot on the hip. That's exactly what I was talking about where Navarro had the figure four over the hip. Stahmer put the foot on the hip and it's considerably different power when that happens. &gt;&gt; [cheering and applause] &gt;&gt; Great win for Connor Stahmer. To make it official, we send it back to Alex Wnenley. And your winner representing Simple Man MARTIAL ARTS, CONNOR STAHMER. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; GREAT display of respect and sportsmanship both after the decision and after the submission, right? Stahmer clearly a kid with a nice bone in the body. And now the winner gets to speak with Kendall Reusing. Connor Stahmer, congratulations on a submission victory. A couple minutes into that match, I heard someone in the crowd say, "You got to get some offense going." Was that the response there? That's my dad. He's always on top of me, you know. Had to Had to Had to represent and get the get the submissions going. Keep attacking. Yeah, he was doing a really good job. You know, trying to pass my guard and he's getting really close. The ankle lock at the end was actually really tight. That's why I had to roll out of bounds. So, I knew we'd restart and once I got the ankle lock, I knew I had it. Amazing. Looked great tonight and I know I got to ask, what's next for you after this amazing victory? You know, I've seen some comments on on FloGrappling's page whenever they posted me and Nicola's match. Seen JP Trene saying winner should fight McQuellen. I'm down for that. Let's do it. Anyone else here want to hear that match? THAT WOULD BE SUPER EXCITING. I feel like we're some of the most technical people on the planet. He's from AOJ, so obviously going to have some good technique over there, but he beat me in the past, so I'd like to get a match back with him and beat him here on the stage. Amazing. Let's give it up one One time for Connor Stalmer. Congratulations. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Just cemented a showdown in the near future. I mean, Sean, sign me up for that. Buckle me in. I mean, I think at the end of the night we're going to be buckled in for for a lot of youth matches. [laughter] Here's a look at what's coming up next. Bia Enca and Zoey Freeman duel in our second bout of the evening. Tonight's Who's Number One is brought to you by Heart &amp; Soil Supplements, the most nutrient-rich supplements on the planet. Visit heartandsoil.co. That's heartandsoil.co. I believe health is the most precious gift that you have. It's one of my main job to introduce people to better ways of living. That's why I'm very excited about this this partnership with Heart &amp; Soil. I only associate myself with a product that I believe in. If I'm associated with this product, it's because I believe in 100%. &gt;&gt; [music] [music] &gt;&gt; BDS Media Center here in the Lone Star State for WNO 32. The bar has been set by Connor Stalmer. We'll see if our second bout of the evening can surpass it as we send ourselves to the straw weights to bring in our next pair of gladiators. It's Alex Wuenne Lee. And now for our featured prelim bout in the teen straw weight division, standing at 5 ft 5 in tall, fighting out of San Antonio, Texas, representing Henzo Gracie San Antonio, ZOEY FREEMAN. ZOEY FREEMAN, 14 years young, has already accomplished so much. The 2024 ADCC Las Vegas Open champion and the 2026 ADCC San Diego Open champ. Now here on the WNO mats. Fighting out of Miami, Florida, she is a 2025 ADCC East Coast Trials semifinalist and representing Alpha Miami Grappling, BIA ENCA. LISTEN TO THIS crowd get loud. The bad girl herself, Bia Enca, the 19th ranked female 125er, the five-time IBJJF Pan Kids champion, here for a climatic showdown in the straw weight division. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Tale of the tape for our two straw weights. 14 years young for Zoey Freeman. Enca 1 year older. Each fighter 5 ft 1 even. Both came in at the WNO straw weight limit. 9 minutes of action here between Bia Enca and Zoey Freeman. Fight. Sean Williams, this is what I'm deeply excited for. Yeah. Uh both are talented. Bia has a lot a lot of She's coming in here. I don't want to say I mean Electricity is in the tank. A lot of titles she's won. So And that is the type of layer that these stars of tomorrow that are competing today truly represent, right? There's already accolades. There's already so much experience underneath the bright lights that they possess. And they can't even drive a car. Yeah. Both these young ladies elected to stay on their feet to wrestle. They need to create something, some opportunities. See some collar ties. Bia Enca, ADCC Youth World champion. Has been as active as ever. Just a little tap of the foot. Enca also a part of the Florida Christian Girls Wrestling team. Combining that BJJ with wrestling, two disciplines that you want in that cocktail. Yeah, she just had a little duck under attempt. It's really nice. It's just a little snap down duck under. So There's another little sweep of the foot. She needs to clear her head. But Zoey Freeman, our youngest competitor on the mats today, just 14. Dueling against a seasoned threat like Enca. Bia Enca just Yeah, had a had a had a little look like she was going to lock that leg up. Now she's got the side of her body to dive her head towards the floor. She may elect to try to switch to Kimura, but I would imagine she's going to bring her head toward Both her closer to her head. There you go. See the floor. I don't let her start to settle in. Knee cut through. The closer her head gets to the mat. Well, now Bia's got a foot in there. She's got to clear the foot off. So Now she's done. So She's in good position if she puts her left shoulder on the mat. There she goes. Got her left shoulder on the mat going into an arm-in guillotine style pass. Getting tighter on Freeman. Yeah, and this is a great passing position. She could see that turk on the leg of the right side trying to lift the leg up off the floor so she can't so she can't turn. But Bia's in good shape as long as she keeps her head yep and shoulder on the mat. She should step hard to the mouth. She could kick her leg backwards if she feels like she can't mount, but she should step forward first. Freeman trying to stay composed. Nice inversion from Zoey Freeman to break that guillotine effort. Yeah, Zoey was able to get the legs back in there. Did did so very nicely. She was in some deep water right there. AND AGAIN, real testament to the pro bones in the body to not become, you know, &gt;&gt; Red. Not become overwhelmed by that spot, right? A competitor like Enca on top of you like that could really get in between the ears of most. Got to get that foot off the hip. Put weight into the foot now. So she can get through. She lost the foot on the hip. Now now that's a it's a different lock there. It's an Aoki lock. The foot is on the rib. It's going to be a lot of pressure. They're going to go into a full duel here. Freeman with a lightning quick response trying to lock up a leg of her own. 5 minutes on the clock here for these two straw weights. Zoey's got to turn the opposite direction here. Get that foot Pull that foot off the hip and bring her leg back in. You see it. She's almost slipped out there. She slipped out. So Consistent offense from Bia Enca so far. Yeah, and some really calm defense there as Zoey Freeman really stayed calm, composed, worked herself out nicely. And if you're Freeman, right, are there any feathers in the cap after 4 minutes of surviving these efforts from Bia Enca? Yeah, I mean, you got to wonder um she's in on her own leg on the foot lock, but she's left her other leg hanging, which is not a great idea. The dueling foot locks never never necessarily the best idea. Um But yeah, she she may I was going to say before her leg has gotten stuck in there. She may have grown into confidence. Maybe she felt like hey, that was strong, but not that strong. I can survive through this, but she's Maybe overconfident leaving that foot out, right? Yeah. Baby Hunko like a hungry man in a grocery store going to grab that right up. And she's Zoe's got to be careful just letting her foot get back as it pulls itself out, so And did a good job there. Now she needs to get her foot back in, right? Left foot pummel's in, left leg could retract into the middle while she can. So that right foot needs to pummel inside. She's got that leg that's just hanging out there with that on the LEFT SIDE, SO HUNKO'S CORNER QUITE ACTIVE AS WE head to the final 3 minutes of this one. Entanglement versus entanglement here. Yeah, both Both young ladies trying to go hard ON THE LEGS. SUBMISSION BONUSES equipped on each match tonight, so Judges favor a natural red. Incentive on top of these performances, Shawn. Yeah, now Baby could kick her or excuse me, Zoe could kick that leg. Yeah, yeah, back all the way, but she's got to shove the foot through, come up and put weight on it. And then now she's got almost gotten herself into a good position. But again, yes, you mentioned submission bonuses all night long. Everyone submission bonuses, so Feels like Hunko's just been in the driver's seat for the greater part of 6 and 1/2 minutes. Yeah, she's certainly tied up the leg. That's getting a little tighter now. It's getting tighter and tighter. Got to watch a knee bar if you're Zoe. And Hunko's got confidence and a lot on her side as well. She's got to clear that foot on the hip. KEEP SOME DISTANCE. AND YOU LOOK AT THAT JUDGES FAVOR FOR Baby Hunko. Now an uphill battle when it comes to that scoring as we hit the FINAL 90 SECONDS. AND BABY HUNKO HAS HER FOOT ON THE INSIDE LEG WITH A straight foot lock. Let's see if Zoe can free that leg. She's got to free the foot first and then she can have ACCESS TO THE BACK. RIGHT NOW that leg is still stuck. Her foot is still stuck in there. Yeah, either the foot or the knee to start to CREATE SOME SPACE. SHE'S GOT TO REALLY PULL HER DOWN NOW cuz it it starts to get very, very tight here. If Baby goes feet to the hips, she'll she'll be able to create a lot of pressure. Right now the feet are not on the hips. She's going to have to move her back away and get that left foot TO THE HIP. 35 ON THE CLOCK. Zoe's got to strip the grip and she will be on the back, but she cannot strip that grip. That's stuck in that leg lock. CONTINUE TO GRIP. LOT OF FLEXIBILITY FROM FREEMAN IN THE final stretch of THIS STRAWWEIGHT CLASH. YEAH, ZOE COULD ROLL UNDERNEATH OF THAT LEFT shoulder and try to get a BOLO IN. YEAH. GREAT INVERSIONS FROM BOTH TO close it out. 9 minutes in the can between Baby Hunko and Zoe Freeman. Felt like Hunko was leading the dance for the majority of that one. Yeah, she was certainly sticky on the foot for a majority of the match. Just going from attack to attack to attack, controlling the pace with that. Going to see the replay here now. Very young, talented athletes, so Start off nice on the feet. Both Both young ladies start off well. As I saw Zoe said, and then it started to become almost There was almost a nice pass here. Baby hit a really nice She had a really good deep position of an arm-in guillotine pass and but but Zoe was able to clean it clear her out and then a lot of leg attacks with the outside leg position, so Baby Baby just never really got the feet planted squarely on the hip as some grit right there, Zoe. Eating a little of the pressure there, but yeah, stuck in a lot of straight foot locks for a lot of the time uh for a lot of that 9 minutes. So much action still to come here at WNO 32. Two tournaments, our WNO lightweight Grand Prix and our featherweight youth Grand Prix on tap later. To find out the official decision between our two strawweights, here's Alex Wuench. And the winner IN THE RED CORNER, BABY HUNKO! BABY Hunko gets it done on the score cards. First decision for us here in Austin. Like we talked about, right? Hunko just drove that ship all the way to the score cards. And now the winner speaks with Kendall Rusing. Baby Hunko, congratulations on your victory here in Who's Number One. You look so calm and composed the whole match. Were you never worried about any of those submissions? I was a little nervous. I wanted to finish them, but I couldn't. We can't get them all. If you were to come back here on Who's Number One in the future, is there anyone in particular or a certain submission, something the fans should look out for or opponent you want? Definitely my foot locks. I got to get better at those. She's going to become a foot lock queen. Let's hear it one more time for Baby Hunko. Congratulations. Great victory from Baby Hunko. She talks about improving on the foot locks. Can't wait to see her return and display all those advancements. Second bout of the evening here. Third one on tap next. It is the first of several youth Grand Prix showdowns. Here's James Ortiz. He tools with JP Tran after a quick break. Tonight's Who's Number One is brought to you by VORDUS, gear for grapplers who live by a code. vordusgear.com. Use code WNO32 for $10 off. Wear it. Live it. &gt;&gt; [music] [music] &gt;&gt; For WNO32, up next we begin our featherweight youth grand prix. First of two semi-finals, this one J Ortiz and JP Tran. To bring in both phenoms, here's Alex Wenzell. And for your first bout in the inaugural featherweight grand prix, fighting out of the blue corner, he is a four-time IBJJF world champion, ADCC youth world champion, representing the art of jiu-jitsu, JP Tran. JP Tran got on everybody's radar following his double gold run at the 2025 IBJJF world championships. Now the phenom looks to take more bites at the top of the scene. Now in the red corner, weighing in at 144.8 lb, he is a 2025 ADCC youth trials champion, fighting out of right here in Austin, Texas, and representing Simple Man Martial Arts, James Ortiz. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; You could call this James Ortiz's backyard with how much the crowd is thriving in the palm of his hand. A Simple Man representative, but a complex problem on the mats. James Ortiz, back here at WNO. Here's a look at your tale of the tape for this first of two featherweight semi-finals. Both came in at that featherweight limit, 3 in of height goes to James Ortiz. Both are 16 years young. 9 minutes of action here in our first of two semi-finals for our 145 lb youth grand prix. But Shawn, I mean, the best of the best in the nation. Oh yeah, I I'm I'm excited to watch both these guys go here. J Ortiz I think he looked like he faked the guard pull, but he's trying to sit in on a leg leg drag right into a heel hook attack here, a heel hook. J got headed out a little bit by that last spin. Trying to get to the back. Rolls through, but JP Tran just had a hold of that leg, that straight foot lock stopped that back kick, but JP Tran excelled in ADCC competition winning gold at the inaugural youth worlds in the under 17 category. Has shown that he can survive being submitted attempts at all three of his competitions. Stopping Tran is akin to stopping a locomotive. Yeah, you know, Tran's done two times, maybe three already. He's got a really nice getting up and and then sitting down into that cross heel hook position. I've said this before, getting getting into a deep &gt;&gt; [cheering] [applause] &gt;&gt; Uh it's actually, you know, if you've got some good leg passing, you you can just sit immediately into a pretty tight cross heel hook. There's a toe hold coming. They have leg isolation if he needs to. If crowd support could win you matches, James Ortiz would have gotten it done within seconds. 7:30 on the clock, and again, Ortiz cornered tonight by the great Ryan Damian Anderson, the rest of that crew. Just an excellent stable that he gets to work with on a daily basis. That is Yeah, that's tight. I don't Yeah, that that's actually doesn't look good. That looks like it's potentially already he might have busted his foot. Ortiz clamped on it like a crocodile. I don't know for sure, but that looks broken to me. That looks like it's completely dislocated. And the expression on JP Tran's face has not changed. I mean, this kid made from steel, but the body can only take so much, Shawn. Yeah, I mean, I don't know how flexible his foot is, but it it looks, uh you know, I've seen this before, this injury, so I don't know. It's got He's got to untie the feet to get out, and uh Yeah, I Ooh, I am not sure if this Yeah, his foot is really messed up, I believe. I don't I don't believe uh I don't I will see how this works out, but if he's able to use that foot, but JP Tran says, "Hey, you take one of my feet, I got another one for you." You know, that arm lock I told you, that arm lock escape that he had, again, he's on another foot lock here he's got to be careful of. Ortiz smelling blood on that left leg of JP Tran. Red. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Now back take coming, but really nicely countered, and I you know, I just don't think that JP may not be able to stand put weight on that foot right now. Cuz he he he countered that really nicely, he just couldn't get up. Looked like he couldn't get up. If you're in a situa- Oh! Ortiz locks in on the right ankle. Yeah, he's now Tran had the weight on the foot, but there's off now the weight is off the foot again. An uphill battle for the young sensation, James Ortiz. Yeah, Ortiz is long, and Tran needs to get those clear those legs, so he There he got his foot back that he inside. 5:10 left on the clock in our first of two youth semi-finals. Shawn, if you're in Tran's position, you might have a busted wing. What could be the pivot to try and swing this back into your favor? Well, now he's looking okay. I mean, he's up moving around on the foot now. There's a little swelling coming in you could see, but like if he can move on it, then he he he will he will he'll be fine. It's just looked to be like that was just such a brutal angle. Reverts nice by beautiful J Ortiz. And that that's that nice counter he hit a little earlier, that back step counter. Second time the timing just perfect on that. A favor separating them as we head to the final 4:20. JP Tran unable to find any openings in this wall of James Ortiz. Yeah, Tran James Ortiz can scoop up that leg. Ortiz, the 2025 ADCC youth trials champ, the 2025 ADCC Dallas Open silver medalist. Now now J or James is sort of wise to that falling back. He uses his legs very nicely to to push Tran away. He's trying to false reap here, but Ortiz anticipating and reacting before Tran even opens up the offense. Just knows what JP's looking for right as he does it. Yeah, Tran is looking for a false reap situation where he can get that leg into a cross heel hook situation, but Ortiz is wise to that. Judges favor red. &gt;&gt; [cheering] [applause] &gt;&gt; Two judges favors now for J Ortiz. JP Tran, 3 minutes with which to work. But this has been a serious drive from the fan favorite. Yeah, uh Ortiz really coming on here. I like I like the the movement he had where he's coming around the north south. It's a very good tactic. Tran trying to slip those legs underneath, but just not not able to get anything going right there. And Ortiz also not making any mistakes, right? It's not like he's seriously overcommitting, putting himself in a dangerous spot that JP Tran can capitalize or take advantage of. Yeah, no, right now he's he's he is just having a fantastic match, I mean. He he's keeping the legs clear. He stepped out of the other one. If he feels any danger, he's stepping out well. He's got to keep a wedge knee inside now. So, that You see that that left leg underneath there was wedged inside there. You see that knee wedging in on that leg? That's he makes it much easier to pull that other leg out. A roadblock to Tran's success before it even gets started. Indeed, that wedge leg really important in those scenarios. And he's doing a great job of keeping it in there, and that that's just stifling any sort of foot lock opportunity that Tran has has had so far. &gt;&gt; If you were JP Tran, you have 70 seconds left here. Nothing has seemingly worked through 8 minutes. Is it Hail Mary time, John? Well, I mean, yeah, it it it depends on how that foot feels, right? Wrestling up and creating some sort of opportunity off of a wrestle up that you can then dive back underneath if he wants the legs. It's It's that's going to be difficult to do if he can't really put a lot of pressure on that foot. Ortiz getting some pause on the mouth. Again, that left leg, you can see it wedging in. Now, he's still elected to push away, but a great job with that. Does feel like there's just a pop that's been lost from JP Tran. Yeah, Ortiz can't lose too much focus. You know, he's just He's got to stay He's been really good. He can turn up the heat, but he's been really good with his leg positions. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; So, Ortiz with another surge in the final moments here. Now, he's in on a guillotine here is Tran. Almost on the back. That's what I mean by losing focus. Got to be real careful [cheering and applause] there. Well, the showman figured, "Hey, I've got two judges' favors. Maybe I'll afford one, right?" Give JP Tran an ounce of a moment at the end there, but what an excellent performance from the nine-time ADCC open medalist, James Ortiz. I'll tell you what, they're going to call JP like the rubber rubber band man. His joints are just He looks completely unfazed. [music] There was a toe hold from the beginning. J just really great leg positioning the entire time. Really attacking, but never really [music] getting himself in any trouble. He had that kept a strong assisted weight. Wedge leg in there. [music] This This is foot lock, but See, this thing You see the angle of the foot. Look at that. I mean, that's a crazy angle. Look at that angle. I mean, It's just not how feet are meant to be bent. No, definitely not meant to be that bent [music] that way. Every surgeon and physical therapist is cringing at home watching that type of maneuver. All right. Well, to make it official in our first semi-final of the Youth Grand Prix, we take it back to Alex Wendlng. And your winner moving on, JAMES ORTIZ! &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; SHOCK THERE AS JAMES Ortiz punches his way into the Youth Grand Prix finals, sweeps past JP Tran in a very dominant display, John. Yeah, indeed. And you know, he'll have to go get some ice on that ankle for sure. But like yeah, he just played a perfect. I mean, his legs were just in exceptionally good position the entire time. And that's a message that he sent to the other side of the bracket. If you want to win this Youth Grand Prix tonight, you got to come up against me, and I'm in prime flavor. So much action left to come at WNO 32 here tonight. Great interview that we had earlier. Kind of Ruc caught up with the GM of FloGrappling, Ben Kovacs. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Carrying on with Ben Kovacs, the GM of FloGrappling. We have a special interview in store for you guys tonight. Ben, welcome back to WNO. Great to have you back, too. Always love to be here. So, a couple of questions for you. First one, there's so much going on in jiu-jitsu right now. A lot of controversy, a lot of dark stuff. What do you think is necessary in jiu-jitsu right now? What do you think about what's going on? Well, I think you're right. There is a lot of dark things out there right now that dominate the internet and the narrative out there. You know, I think what we are at Flo is really an organization that is not necessarily a gossip type organization and and trying to be so opinionated, but instead we're really trying to report on what's going on in jiu-jitsu. Who's winning? Who's beating who? What's coming up? What events are out there? And I think you know, that's what we'll stick with mostly at Flo. And I think what we can really do from our side is to try to help that problem and and and highlight what's going on that's good, right? And there's 95% of the people out there doing jiu-jitsu are awesome. Teachers are great. And we're going to keep platforming those people, keep getting them on our shows. And just like we're doing tonight, right? All the kids that are on the card and new people, giving them an opportunity to find the big stage for the first time. Mhm. You read my mind. I was going to say, speaking of positive energy, we've got some great energy going on with the brackets tonight. These up-and-comers are just stoked to be here, super fun. For all of the inquiries you get about, "Hey, put this guy on the card. Put this guy on the card. I want to be on Who's Number One." What's some practical advice you could really give to people that are trying to be on things like Polaris, SBJ Stars, Who's Number One? Well, I think a lot of the athletes and the coaches and the parents, they see the big lights and they see the production value and everything going on and they think, "Oh, these these promotions must be making a ton of money." And the truth is almost all the big promotions out there are almost like charities, right? They're losing money or they're not making money. And so, I think if I'm an athlete or a parent or a coach and I'm trying to get on, what I want to do is put myself in their shoes. And I want to make it really easy to say yes to me. So, I get a lot of messages like, "Hey, I'm interested in fighting on the next card." But it's hard to get through all those. Instead, you can send a highlight reel and say, "Hey, I'm already in the area. I'll fly to wherever your promotion is." If you're talking to Polaris, "I'll fly to Europe. I'll put myself on the plane. I'll get on the card." You know, make it easy for that promoter and give them all the information so they're not having to follow up with you and go back and forth. And I think if you do that, almost like any kind of sales position people have trying to sell somebody something, make it easy for them to say yes. And if if more people did that, they'd have a better opportunity to get on. Mhm. Totally agree. Make yourself stand out. And speaking of standing out, I've got to ask you, what is going on with the relationship with Craig Jones and FloGrappling? What's the update? Yeah, so I mean, Craig obviously Craig's a friend of mine. We do a lot of charity work together with Guardian and Fair Fight. Craig came back, signed a deal last year with Flo. He was going to actually come and do a fight on Who's Number One. We're going to do some other cool stuff. But you know, look, I think Craig's Craig, right? What makes him special is not fitting in sort of that corporate box and doing what other people need him to do. So, we ended up saying, "Hey, let's let's not do this. Go focus on CJI 2.5, 3, whatever's happening." We have a great relationship. I think he actually knows a lot more about Flo and all the things that Flo is doing for the sport now. So, that was, you know, a good education for him, too. And yeah, things are are great between us and certainly I wish him the best. Amazing. And again, reading my mind, you hinted at something everyone wants to know about. What is up with 2.5? What can you tell us? Any secrets? Any secret information? I've got a I've got a little idea of what he's planning, but uh We'll let We'll let him say it, but I know the money the money is there, and I think he wants to do something really unique and special. So, I'll leave it at that. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Well, we're really excited to see it, and we're really excited to see the fights tonight. Thank you so much, Ben, for being with us for the interview. Can't wait to get back to the action. Always great to hear from the head honcho himself, Ben Kovacs. Now, half of our semi-finals down, JP Tran, James Ortiz. But John, we have got some excellent coming up next between Chingiz Saiyn [music] and Matthew "Bam Bam" Gonzalez. What are your expectations? &gt;&gt; Uh they're going to go head-to-head. I think both have very good wrestling. They have um somewhat of a near clone of each other. Very, very good at similar things. So, exciting to watch. I'm ready. I'm ready. I love it. Coming up next, the next half of our semi-finals in our Youth Grand Prix, Chingiz Saiyn and "Bam Bam" Gonzalez. Tonight's Who's Number One is brought to you by BJJ Browse Fight, a social enterprise with clear transparency. Check out Browse's products and purposes now and browsedfight.com. Welcome back inside the Austin PBS Media Center for WNO 32. Three bouts down, including the first half of our Youth Grand Prix semi-finals. Now, to bring in the second half of our semi-finals, it's Alex Wendlng. We are ready for the next semi-final match up in the featherweight Grand Prix. Fighting out of the blue corner, representing Pennsylvania and Prodigy Jiu-Jitsu, he is a 2025 ADCC US National Youth Champion. It is Matthew "Bam Bam" Gonzalez. Lock and load. Here comes "Bam Bam" Gonzalez, two-time ADCC Atlanta Open Champion, as well as the 2018 IBJJF Pan Kids Champion. "Bam Bam" Gonzalez has been there, done that. But now, the Pennsylvania storms into the WNO mats. Fighting out of the red corner, he is a six-time IBJJF Pans Champion, 2025 ADCC US National Youth Champion fighting out of Miami, Florida and representing Alpha Miami Grappling. CHINGY SAINS CHINGY SAINS MORE OF A decorated career than a house on Halloween. This kid has all the skills necessary to progress into the finals here in our Youth Grand Prix. Tale of the tape for our last semi-final for our Youth Grand Prix. Chingy Sains, 16 years young. Bam Bam Velez, also 16. 2 in in height goes to Sains. Each weighed in at the WNO featherweight limit. 9 minutes to determine who will duel James Ortiz for that Youth Grand Prix title. Will it be Bam Bam Velez or will it be Chingy Sains? Yeah, I think this is going to be a fun fun, powerful match. Nice faints by by Velez. Chingy just hits his head hanging in the middle. Forcing Matthew Velez to the outside of the mat there. Like pressure. Chingy Sains bringing more pressure than a blocked artery in the first minute of this one. Nearly took out one of our cameraman mat side. And that's something that Bam Bam's going to have to deal with between the ears, right? This is a non-stop action man in front of him. Yeah, movement. For Matthew and that's a nice little slide by too. The Yashi really at the knee line rather than the foot line, but uh Sains giving Velez overdrive here. Got to worry about the upstairs. Got to worry about the downstairs. No dimension is safe. And we're less than a minute into this. But that might work in the Bam Bam's favor, right? Let Sains tire himself out. Let him work himself in the first couple minutes. And then come alive in the back half. Yeah. Well Velez has a lot of nice movement going on. It's It's It's going to see if he can get to that angle when he can shoot. Power-wise, Chingy looks like he's got the power edge. You can just kind of see both guys when Chingy sort of puts his hands on Velez, he's he's moving him around quite a bit differently. So, I would say that Bam Bam's going to need to get an angle to create something where he's not getting get stuck underneath Chingy in any sort of front headlock, guillotines. Chingy Sains, one of four brothers lighting it up on the BJJ scene. Michael, Carlos, and Tristan. Luis Cow all representatives of that clan. &gt;&gt; [applause] &gt;&gt; Nice Andre cross trick, but but you could see that the re-drag was coming too from Velez. So, it's not Yeah, it's This guy's both looking good from the feet. Velez through two and a half has been worried so much about defense, hasn't been able to really set the foundation of his offensive system here. &gt;&gt; [applause] &gt;&gt; Yeah, maybe you know, some some snap single. Even just fakes like touching the knees, touching the knees. Try to Try to get Chingy's legs to come back cuz right now the legs are under the chest and he's in good position. And so, there's a lot of [music] nice movement going on, but and some fakes at the head, but he's going to might he might have to come at at that knee. Get those legs moving backwards. Penalty for blue. Penalty called for Velez. Has to pull guard here. And that's going to be a big indicator on how this one could progress. Chingy's favor. Red. &gt;&gt; [applause] &gt;&gt; So far tonight, the fighter who gets the first judges favor has been the one to win. Bam Bam Velez battle has begun to turn uphill. Chingy take down right into a table there. Yeah. Fight. Sains, six-time IBJJF Pan Kids Champion, 2025 ADCC US US Nationals Youth Champ. Well as a Youth World Champ. Again, Velez out of bounds. Yeah. If you've got someone who is just so aggressive and bull rushing you around the mat, what is maybe the pivotal answer Velez can turn to? &gt;&gt; Yeah, and that's what I'm He's got a nice movement, but he's not getting into the not moving the legs. Jump right by his guard though. Jumping knee cut. He's trying to bug him. He's pretty out of position here. Yeah, that knee is right across the center. It's better for him to let go. Look at that nice reversal though. Beautiful. Just a great bit of timing there by Velez. Bam Bam Velez clearing out some of that nasal passage on the mat. But you can feel a little bit of fire start to come back into him. Yeah. I mean, he's he's moving really well. I like his movement, his fakes, his but again, if he can get from those little snap downs to then starting to pick at the knees like a snap single attempt, a sweep. Just a show, hey, let's see if I can get Chingy's legs moving. Cuz Chingy's doing a great job. He's just solid, right? He's very solid. He's He's moving Velez better than the other way around, but the movement itself Bam Bam's doing a great job. So, To your point, there's no tax to come in on Bam Bam Velez, right? You got to lay some spike traps. You got to try and give him something to think about on the way in. No free rides here in the Youth semi-final. Again, Chingy looking very much like he's going to sit back again. Let's see. Velez needs to get those feet inside the middle. Velez shown a lot of dexterity here. But again, down a judges favor with four to work. You're feeling a lot of urgency from both corners, but Bam Bam Velez still being quite patient. Yeah, and that trying that jumping knee cut. And then in trying to He's He's threatening sitting back, which is you know, again, that that plays with you if you're the guard player. If somebody if somebody's showing that they're going to sit back and it it's not that difficult to sit back and keep the knee line. Just push them away both feet. But that retraction Yeah, see that? He's nice deep entry again. Velez really got to get that Yeah, weight into that foot. Get those legs off the hips. Red. Sains up two on the judges favors. 2:50 on the clock. Bam Bam is going to need to start producing. Nice counter. That was beautiful, man. A beautiful counter by Bam Bam. He's almost able to get to the back there. There's Chingy's brother Tristan Sains and Michael trying to guide their brother to victory here in the semi's. He is 2 and 1/2 minutes removed from progressing to the finals unless Bam Bam Velez can come up with something. Feels like Bam Bam has had some glimpses of momentum, but Chingy Sains has really been the one driving and dictating where this is taking place. Yeah. Now Bam Bam's See if he can invert. He's got to bring this right leg inside. He's got to Now he's got to get back up and get some weight into that leg. Tries a counter foot lock. &gt;&gt; [applause] &gt;&gt; A tricky, slick move from Bam Bam. Minute 40 remains. A tricky, slick move from Bam Bam. Minute 40 remains. &gt;&gt; [applause] &gt;&gt; You can see a little bit of fatigue there on Bam Bam Palacios as well. Saints his corner calling for the lasso. &gt;&gt; [cheering and applause] &gt;&gt; Let's see if he relaxes. He's got that knee in the middle. Again, let's see if he starts to pull the left the knee in on the on his left side. Is that left hand that's all taped if he goes up to the thigh. That's [cheering] Saints flying knee cut again. Just caught Bam Bam sitting up. &gt;&gt; [screaming] &gt;&gt; He's going to try that same reversal but at least he got him back to the guard. There, that's that's that's kind of what you needed from the beginning is that tap at the knee and then &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Reset to the center with 24 to go but it is most likely decided. Our youth Grand Prix championship out will be between Chinky Saints and James Ortiz unless Bam Bam can get something done in the final 10. Chinky's super solid. You know, we can really commend Bam Bam for being so resilient, taking advantage of the split second moments, the openings he's had but &gt;&gt; [cheering and applause] &gt;&gt; Chinky Saints coming out on top in this one. Yeah, really solid performance. Just in great position nearly the entire time. Never really got him out of position at least very often. Let's look at the replay here. You can see that movement that they was [music] stopped by the referee there but you can see see how strong Chinky is just to counter and move Bam Bam in but then there's that flying knee cut. Hit [music] that twice. This time Bam Bam hits a nice reversal here. He's caught him at great at great time. Flipped him right over and then but again Chinky re- recovered quite well there [music] and Palacios I think felt that [music] that threat of that of the of the legs of Chinky sitting back on the legs. There's one more really nice flying knee cut right as Bam Bam's [music] sitting something to sit up. Solid performance. Great effort there from Chinky Saints to validate that victory. We take it to Alex Weng Ling. And now moving on to the finals of the featherweight Grand Prix. By unanimous decision Chinky &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Chinky Saints getting it done on the scorecards earning himself a date with James Ortiz later tonight in our youth Grand Prix finals. And when you think about it, right? James Ortiz displayed a relentlessness to his approach. So did Chinky Saints. Two unstoppable objects, John. Yeah, that's got to be a great final. It's say both are Jay's going to have to figure out how to chip away at such a solid solid base Chinky Saints. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Jiu-Jitsu lives here. Every sweep, every submission, every single second on the mats. FloGrappling keeps you plugged in with live tournaments, super fights, and real stories from the athletes on the mats that you watch every day. See your favorite athletes chase gold, discover the next wave of stars, and stay locked in with the sport all year long. Stream it all live on FloGrappling. There's the QR code or subscribe now at FloGrappling.com {forward slash} sign up. I'm telling you, you do not want to miss a single second of high excellent BJJ action. And talking about high excellent BJJ action, this next match up lives up to that. There he is, Raju to One. He's got a showdown with Austin Cejudo's after a quick word from our sponsors. Tonight's Who's Number One is presented by Defense Soap. Now the official soap and body wipe of FloGrappling. Protecting you for over 15 years. Defend what you have built. The sport of Jiu-Jitsu provides so many with a bigger purpose. Jiu-Jitsu becomes a part of you. You're faced with so many challenges [music] in the sport but skin infection shouldn't have to be one of them. And that's our mission. Defense Soap was created out of the need to fight back because we care about the sport, the families, the athletes, the coaches. And we want to continue to protect people from skin infections to keep you on the mat. And that's our goal here at Defense Soap to defend what you have built. &gt;&gt; [music] [music] &gt;&gt; Set in Austin, Texas but the action is just getting started here at WNO 32. So much more still to come from the Lone Star State all live on FloGrappling [music] from the Austin PBS Media Center. Some great prelims that we had. Now time for the main card to bring in [music] our gladiators, it's Alex Weng Ling. The main card madness is imminent. Tonight a new champion will be crowned in the lightweight division plus five super fights. And we're going to be starting off with a super fight debut showdown right now. This is In the blue corner, earning his WNO debut after a spectacular ADCC Open upset, fighting out of Northeast Jiu-Jitsu, RAJU TO ONE. RAJU TO ONE, THE two-time ADCC India Open champion and the 2025 ADCC English Open bronze medalist here for his WNO debut. And now in the red corner, REPRESENTING ALL THE GUYS OUT THERE WITH DAY jobs and that pay their own gym fees, 2024 IBJJF No-Gi medalist, Austin Cejudo's. Austin Cejudo's, the HVAC mechanic by day and the BJJ superstar by night. Representing the blue collar crowd as he searches for some WNO immortality here on the mats. Tale of the tape for our main card opener in the light heavyweight division. Austin Cejudo's comes in at a nice 32 years old, 10 years younger his opponent Raju to One. 1 inch in height goes to Cejudo's. Both come in at the WNO light heavyweight limit. 10 minutes of action here on our main card opener of WNO 32. Austin Cenos in the red, Raju Ghawan in the blue. Yeah, Raju here's some very very nice things here. Coming off of a win submission victory of PJ Barch, so that's that's no small task, so we'll see here. Golly, I got to tell you it's quieter than a library in here, Shawn. You can hear a pin drop. Austin Cenos out of that B Team. Raju Ghawan very decorated career globally as he tries to make it happen in his WNO debut in Texas. Cenos pushing pushing around here. There's nice little two-on-one. Can't really climb into anything. Ghawan out of the Kingsway Jiu-Jitsu team. Really nice complex systems that they fine-tune and hone. We've had the pleasure of seeing several of their athletes already here tonight. Collar tie and over tie here. Let's see. Let's see if Raju just sits with this. Like he's got a nice little he had a for a second he had a outside two-on-one. Not a shovel shot. That's a good timing. Now he's underneath on the legs, so And like we talked about in the last match, just giving your opponent something to think about whether it's a takedown that you actually dedicate to or just feinting it. It's just something to apply and percolate on the mat. Yeah, Cenos here right hand on the hip. Going to get by the legs. Getting around one side settling in with that knee in the middle. See that nice left left hook and left butterfly hook from Cenos. Like He actually got an udagatame right there. He caught an udagatame like deceiving some of those things, but he got stuck. And right on the elbow with the udagatame. Lightning quick effort here in our main card opener. Less than 2 minutes. Yeah, those are deceiving when there's that much space. Uh they go on quite quickly and uh it looked like nothing that turned into something. Really. I mean, you know, it's it's he you saw I saw him go for there's like a flash udagatame there when your knees are in somebody reached for your head, but Cenos counted it really well. He pulled his elbow down. But the second time he was able to actually it was a much slower approach and he was actually able to keep keep that elbow in good position. So the forearms are on the triceps side of the elbow and then when that baby goes on it goes on it just gets stuck. So a relatively quiet submission, but boo. Yeah, it was one that didn't elicit much reaction from the audience in terms of impressive, right? Yeah, that's that's that's that flash udagatame. This time where you just go after it. This time watch he's going to get the forearms above the the the elbow, the triceps side of the elbow, and then it just gets to right there. It just goes right on the elbow. When it goes right on the elbow itself, uh he had the foot up on the hip. It gets it goes from zero to a thousand in no time, really. And you know, it it it can untie the elbow. That's that udagatame is really nice arm lock. It's kind of untie the elbow. All about torque in the debut to validate his victory. Here's Alex Swendling. And your winner, winning his debut by submission, RAJU GHAWAN. &gt;&gt; [screaming] &gt;&gt; RAJU Ghawan with a freakishly fast finish over the B Team representative Austin Cenos. In terms of making the debut, right? He's traveled so far. That is a highlight that will absolutely precede him. And now the winner speaks with Kendall Roseng. Raju Ghawan, congratulations on a submission victory. You had a great victory tonight. You recently had some surprising submission victories in other events. What do you want fans to know when you come and step on the mat? Uh just uh that John Danaher is one of the best coaches in the world. Buy his instructionals if you can. Come and train with us at Kingsway Jiu-Jitsu. Um best place to be uh right now in Jiu-Jitsu definitely. Um and I hope more people from India can come and join me on the stage definitely. Do you think it makes a a difference and a change here coming in being from India coming in making a big showing like this? What do you hope to say to your fans back home? Uh you can make it as well definitely. That's what I would like to say. Uh thank you to Shawn, Aman, and Metal for all the training. My my coach back at home, Ashwin Hoon, uh Mohit Chhabra, all those guys back in India. They've they've taught me all of these things as well. We've all grown up watching Gordon Ryan and John Danaher. It's surreal to have them in the corner with me. Uh thank you to Abraham as well for helping me be here get here. But that's about it. I mean, you can make it as well if you try and uh just just try and join me over here. It's a bit lonely, but that's about it. And you've had these big wins. Is there anyone on your radar? Any specific person you would like to come and try again with on who's number one? Uh I would prefer the easy fights definitely. Uh but if I can't get the easy fights, I know Nicky Ryan's looking to make a comeback. I'd love to fight him at 185 if I can. And um if not Nicky Ryan, then anyone else at 185 I'd be happy to fight. Amazing. Let's hear it again for Raju. Congratulations. Ghawan winning by submission in his debut crediting it of course to John Danaher, Gordon Ryan, a star-studded corner that he has. Shawn Williams, didn't almost didn't even seem to excite him, right? He was very low energy, but that's the professional that he is, right? I think he comes in, does his work, and let it speak for him. And talking about a guy that lets his work speak for him. Here is Max Hanson, the two-time IBJJF No-Gi American National Champion.