Kind: captions Language: en All right, I think we're live. We live right now. Fix the hair real quick for the audience. All right. I don't know if people are going to watch this or not, but we're going live for like an hour of The Crown. Going to see what that's all about. And yeah, I don't know. I don't have a lot planned for you guys. So, this is this is going to be heavily chatled. So, I need you guys to let me know what I should be doing in the comments. First comment already. Can we see the fights? You betcha. You betcha you can see the fights. I'll pull that up right now. I'mma try and do this without, you know, I don't know, exposing myself, exposing my hidden tabs or anything. Let me see here. How's that? You guys getting that? You guys want to go two mats or just one mat? You tell me. Like I said, I'm here for you guys. Yes, sir. All right, let's go, Jordan. I mean, I'm Trey and I'm trying not to expose myself. Two mats is great. All right, there we go. Perfect. I missed the first round. Uh, Biz Naga won and I believe Cole won, but I was setting this up so I didn't actually see all this. Jose Steve's probably gonna be a little later. But, you know, if I got to go full streamer, you know, and get like a wheel and dumb stuff on my head, you guys let me know. But, for now, we're just going to watch some jiu-jitsu matches. You guys got anything your most [laughter] Yo, Christian, I'm not going to expose myself, bro. That's the whole thing is I'm trying not to. All right, we got to get through this like an hour of this. No exposing going on. Nothing crazy. See how it goes. Test it out. See if people like it. And then we'll build from there. You know what I'm saying? This is a test run. If this goes bad, I'm going to act like I never did this. If you see me in the streets, don't say nothing about the live stream you saw if this goes bad. You know, we're going to all pretend like this is this is a private thing between me and you guys right now. Everyone who's in here right now, don't tell nobody about this. This is just between us, okay? I don't even think Flow Grappling knows I'm doing this. I can't put the match noise on because then how would you guys listen to me? And I also I also don't know for sure how to do this, how to do the audio as well. Like I said, we're learning. If if I put sound on, it's just going to be me talking and the commentators talking. So, we'll see. We'll see. Maybe at some point I'll put the sound on. I'll just sit here quiet quietly. Yeah. See, Jordan knows what's up. I also don't watch jiu-jitsu with sound on. Like I like to just, you know, watch, I guess, think about it for myself. No, I'm not commentating. I'm not the commentator from this. I'm calling in from an undisclosed bedroom in my mansion in Austin, Texas. By mansion, I mean my two bed, two bath apartment. It is nice to hear the crowd. I agree with you. Now, you guys are making good points, but But you guys got everyone in the comments. Let me know what matches you're most excited for today. I think if I had to think what I'm most excited for, I would say obviously Adam Worzinski. Um Adam Worzinski is nuts. You know, it's sick watching him every time he takes the mat. But I also think the women's lightweight division. We got Bana St. Marie going up against Sarah Galva later. I think that's going to be electric. um kind of like you know Brianna's not that old but she's also just been at the top for a while now doing so much always competing and Sarah's kind of you know rookie black belt really trying to make her name hit that next level so I'm stoked for that one we got a we got a Marco Mendes student in the comments Steve is always cold for Sure. He's sick. I think it's dope that IBJF got him in this one to be honest with you. Like I think I think this year the IBJF did a great job of bringing in like a lot of notable, you know, like highly ranked dudes, well-known guys, but then they also kind of brought in this new generation of young guys also. So I think that was a great job by them. Why don't we do Road to World's Marcio Andre? We did do Road to World's Marcio Andre either in 2023 or 2024. I think it was 2023 maybe. We went out to uh to Marcio Andre's academy. I think Chase Smith, that was whenever Chase was still with us and I believe he was the one who kind of went out there and did a lot of stuff uh with Marcio Andre. So, so yeah, check that one out. You guys got what what should we do in the future for Road to Worlds? Where wins Meet updates take forever? Where wins me? Is that a video game? I've been playing the new skate video game to be honest with you guys. Is Polaris going to be on flow from next year? Yeah, Polaris is on flow starting in 2026. So, I believe their next event is in uh like late January, February 2026. Um, and so yeah, that'll be on flow. They're start I think starting with their next event, but for sure just basically 2026 and on. Road to Worlds for more European grapplers. Yeah, I agree with that. Um, I think Road to Worlds is great when we can go kind of all over the world. Like this this most recent one, we just did the full road trip and uh we literally drove from Austin, Texas to Long Beach, California. I thought that was pretty pretty sick to be honest. It was fun. It was kind of cool making it that way. The year before we did some South American stuff. Uh I guess just Brazil, like we went to City of God with Gabby Pagna. So that was sick. But I guess it has been a while since we've done full Road to Worlds. Um in Europe, we did do the the 2023 80C Euro tour. If you haven't seen that one, I'm pretty proud of that one. I think that one was pretty cool. We did like a little Euro tour version of Road to Worlds all for uh kind of leading up to ADCC. Do another road to 80CCW event. That was the best one. I like that one. I mean, I don't, you know, you guys are dealing with a with a foot soldier right here. You know what I mean? I'm just a mere foot soldier for flow sports and flow grappling. I get down in the trenches with my camera. I head out into the grappling world and I point it at stuff I find interesting and I kind of try to make cool enough videos uh for the internet. So they don't let me make all the calls on who's number one. I can try and influence them. So if you guys have things you want me to try and subtly influence to the powers that be, let me know and you know whenever I get in these meetings I'll just try and influence their decisions and whatnot. But yeah, I like the road to ADCC. I think like there is potential for who's number one to kind of have like a collaborative aspect with different um with different events, you know, like Polaris. I know they've been kind of putting it out there. Polar squads where it's going to be Polaris squads versus WO squads. I think that's sick, you know, kind of like promotion versus promotion. like hopefully WO can put up some of the best WO athletes that kind of people recognize as WNO athletes or champions and go up against some of the the best Polaris athletes, you know, which kind of intuitively makes it a little bit of like a Europe versus America, Brazil because obviously WO is predominantly Americans and Brazilians. Polaris is dominantly Europeans. But thoughts on Sweet. What were your thoughts on squads this year? Great format so far. Made for very interesting matchups. I like squads. I like squads for sure. Um, yeah. I mean, I think Polaris being on Flow is awesome. It's It's one of the jiu-jitsu events that I personally haven't been to like in person, but like I've watched Polaris ever since I started jiu-jitsu to be honest. It's always been one of the coolest events. I've always loved their squads. Uh, so I'm stoked that now it's on flow and hopefully I'll get to go out for some of those and see what it's all about. I think CI would have ran a lot better if he would have ran like Polar squats. Yeah. I mean, I don't know. For CJI, I think there was a lot of things that could have made it a little different. I think I think one thing for sure was like uh Quint Quintet calls like they call stalling or like action like so aggressively. And just like kind of with the more MMA type of judges, I feel like maybe it's hard. They like they can't fully recognize the nuance of jiu-jitsu stalling always, you know? So, they were a little reluctant to call it or, you know, just maybe maybe they're just like letting the boys got to let the boys play sometimes, you know what I mean? You can't can't get the joies involved the whole time. You got to let the boys play. So, maybe that was their thinking there. But, I think maybe a little more rigid stalling calls and still quintet style could have worked. But, yeah, for sure. Maybe maybe squads would have made it a little better. But yeah, we got we got to lock in on the crown though, boys. We're talking about everything else. We're talking about everything else. But Jordan, I do want to know about this game where wins meet. Give me a give me a quick rundown of that in the in the uh comments, Jordan. I might check that out. I'm a I'm a big Assassin's Creed guy. Not to get too off topic here. Like my whole life, I've loved Assassin's Creed. like uh Brotherhood um you know I liked Assassin's Creed 3. I thought it was sick. One of my favorite video games and Assassin's Creed fell off for a long time. But then with this Assassin's Creed Shadows where it's in Japan, pretty sick, dude. If you guys are into if you're into the uh the Assassin's Creed world at all, I recommend getting into Assassin's Creed Shadows. It's pretty sick. I was a fan. already beat the game. 10,000 percented it. But all right, we got the women's fatherweight quarterfinal. What is what's what am I doing putting fatherweight up there? Come on, Flo Grappling. Aka, I guess myself. I think they meant featherweight, but also I think they might have meant lightweight, but we got 10 second ad break. Yeah, send me that. Send me that video. Jordan on that Jo go to get amped up for this. Did you guys hear the chugging? Did you hear that? All right, women's lightweight. This is one of the brackets I'm most stoked for. I [clears throat] think this one's crazy. Brianna St. Marie, Sarah Gabal, first round is nuts. Beia Basilio versus Liz Clay. Jenna Lebre in there. Casio Mora in there. I think this one is sneaky. One of the best divisions of the crown. And you know, I guess we're about to see how it all plays out. Who we got coming out first? Cassia or is that Yeah, Casio versus Toledita Silva going down on Matt 2. What are these people in the in the f in the stands wearing? Who they repping? Is that for Sarah? You guys read that? Who they rep? Who they repping in the stands right there? All right, couple big ones here. Briana St. Marie is the returning crown champion from last year. She ended up taking a dub in the 2024 crown. Um I believe beat Jen Naena in the finals, but Jenna's kind of been on a terror. She looks incredible all the time. And so I feel like Jenna for sure wants this. She wants this title. But Bon Marie's got a tough one in Sarah. Um but all these girls are tough, dude. You guys want you guys want to bet on this? Just just me in the chat. Like I said, this is just between us, you know. Start start placing wagers with the chat. Get things turned up a lot. Cassie is a dog for sure. Thoughts on Ghost of Yoai? Uh, I've never played it. It looks super interesting. I'd be into it. We got a little double double lasso going here. That's never what you want to see as a spectator. Here we go. It's crazy that karate is based from jiu-jitsu. Is it CCMD? Give me a breakdown of that. I want to see the lineage of how it went from jiu-jitsu to karate. Sabrina goddamn got the advantage. If you guys weren't if you guys didn't do jiu-jitsu, what uh what martial art would you do? Would you still do a martial art? Are you just jiu-jitsu only? Or if you couldn't do a jiu-jitsu anymore, would you do something else? I feel like I feel like when asked that, it's like the grandfather of judo, karate, taekwondo, etc. I don't know if jiu-jitsu is the grandfather of judo. Like didn't Mitsuya Mietta wasn't he a judoka and kind of learned judo first and then then Helio and Carlos went to Mitsuya Mietta and started kind of learning from him and then they took it and evolved dog. I don't even want to think about not having jiu-jitsu in my life. Yeah, that's a fair point. I mean that's a good point to be honest. Um that would suck. I do I do think a lot of people it's like if you couldn't do jiu-jitsu the first next thought might be like judo like I don't know if that's the one like if you think about like why jiu-jitsu is so great it's all history it's a sick line it's all history just just hey whatever you know doesn't matter either way it's all history brother don't stress it [laughter] I'm down with that all right I agree with you won me It's all history, brother. But but Judo is uh yeah, the fights on the screen are live. They're live right now. Live worldwide. But I'm only going to do this for a little while. I just wanted to, you know, bring you guys a little bit of the action. Also test out this new kind, I guess, content offering of us kind of live streaming more. I'm thinking about just going live like this more often. Maybe different things. I was thinking about next week maybe I pull like five historic Shanji Habaro matches and do like a live stream where we kind of watch along um with me in the chat get you guys more involved so I can kind of talk with you you guys can you know give your thoughts and everything a little more in live time but yeah let me know what you think of that idea doing like a five Shanji Hero matches live stream where we kind of watch them all maybe I'll try and dig up some like old crazy ones but that's obviously in preparation of him uh Uh he's going to be competing at who's number one 31 on Friday, December 5th. He's now taking on Ferris bin Lam Kadam, the bad boy of jiu-jitsu. Ferris, but yeah, these are live. Stay in stream till Jose fights, please. I'll try. I'll try, but I might run out of stuff to say, brother. You You guys got to keep the comments coming in to help me out. You know, if if you guys keep it going, we keep things turned up in here a little bit. The chat's flowing. I'm flowing. We're crushing, you know, Jaco goes and like zins and stuff getting getting wild, you know. Then I'll keep it rolling. If you guys are into it, or until someone tells me to shut it down, I guess. Like I said, I didn't clear uh this fight is now or no. Yeah, it's now. The fights are live right now. You guys see Cyborg versus Bill Cooper 2009. Where they fight at? Should we just stop this stream right now and go watch Cyborg versus Bill Cooper? Stay in stream for Paulo Merlin. I'll try to stay in stream for Paulo Merlin, too. Grappler Quest. Okay, cool. Quintess is a different beast, good or bad, but in my opinion, shouldn't be in an event like CGI, especially watching an expert like that. We want to watching an event like that, we want to know who the best grappler is. Yeah, that's fair. I mean, I don't know. It's like there's fun aspects of it on each side. I also like just watching a bracket and you know coming away with the top dog, someone kind of coming away as the uh you know the main guy taking home the gold. But it's like the team stuff is fun, dude. It's fun to get behind a team. Like PGF I think does a great job where they kind of try and develop it more as like a season and everything. Like it's fun to get behind teams. Like that's obviously why some other major sports are so big, but yeah, I don't know. Wait, my Jew senses are right now in the people watching in the background. My Jew sensei are right now. Your sensei are in the background, dude. We got your sense. Hey, we got CCM dev sensei in the background. Everybody lock in and try to find them. Point them out if you see them. Aiga was sick for sure. Aiga was really cool. Yeah, I'll go I'll go watch that match. All right, Cassie Amora hunt in the back here. That's a big win for Cassie if she can pull this out. But Jenna is still down an advantage. So feel I I got an inclination that we're going to start seeing some uh seeing some action over here on Matt one as this one comes closer to an end. I'm not exactly sure when Jose fight. Let me let me pull up the uh let me pull up the schedule on IBJ Jefff's Instagram. If you guys are trying to check results and stuff on Flo's Instagram, I'm just giving you a heads up. I'm also supposed to be posting for Flow Grappling on the Instagram throughout this event, but here I am with you guys. You know what I mean? I couldn't pass up the opportunity to talk with you guys, watch this event, you know, just chilling with the boys, watching the Crown. Doesn't get better than that. So, uh, I might be slow on posting some of this stuff, but I guess probably I should be. Let's just let's just all hope Reed's not watching. All right, if you guys know Flow Grappling Lore and everything, then you probably know Reed Connell. Um, he does the podcast with me. He does a bunch of content. How can I send beer to you? Hey, bro. Just just, you know, send it in spirit. I'll go grab one from the fridge. What's up? Hey, we got Fabri. Is that the real Fabricio Andre in here? What's up, my friend? It sounds like y'all need a grappling content creator intern. Where do I apply? Bro, we we do to be honest. Um, no, no open positions currently, but yeah, I think that would be great if we could have like an intern to help with that stuff. It's the It's the real Trey K. What's up, Fabricio? If that's Fabricio, bro, congrats. Yesterday, Fabricio Andre BJ Stars took on uh Oliver Taza, got the win. Fabricio is the man. What time is he on? Sorry, I'm looking for the schedule. It's distracting. It's hard to to look up actual stuff, watch the matches, and talk to you guys. Jenna got the points, dude. I missed it. Somebody tell me how Jenna got the points. She swept her. What kind of sweep? And then Casio still in the back here. Big fan. Which which Jerry is your favorite? You, Trey? Do you know Terry? I'm not sure. You have to explain more. I don't know. You stomped me. Uh, all right. Let's finish out these matches and then then I'll tell you guys more on the schedule because it looks like Jennyena's hunting the sub here. Oh, she tapped. Got her. There we go. Big sub from Jennyena. And then we got Casio just kind of fully on the back now. Dude, Toita Silva is tough. like she is super tough and so that's a big win for Cassia. All right, there we go. All right. Okagi, do you come? Am I coming for ADCC trials? I'm not sure yet. Um I got to talk to Reed, my manager. That's where I was getting at with Reed. I hope Reed's not watching the live stream right now. He's going to be like, "Dude, what are you doing?" Just going live, watching the event, you know, tell him to go to flowgrappling.com, get a subscription, and watch back there. And uh also you're supposed to be posting on the flow Instagram. So who's doing that if you're doing this live stream? And to read I say, "Hey brother, I'm doing it all." Okay, I'll throw up some posts. I'll I'll get them over there to flowgrappling.com. We're watching the live stream with the boys for a little bit though. You know, this is just between me and the boys in the chat right now. So uh but Reed's also my manager. So yeah, I don't know. I might get put put on a put on a pip little performance improvement plan. But Fabricio, I'm trying to I I I'm down to come to trials, but I got to talk to Reed and we got to figure out um what all we're going to do. Are we going to see the Hokagi at trials? Are you going to go Are you going to go first South American trials or just second or both? Because first South American trials I heard is in Rio this year. That's sick, dude. Nothing better than Rio. Little special vibe over there in Rio. Rio de Janeiro. Let's do it. That's right. All right. So, looking at the schedule real quick, um, Pyramid Grappling. Yeah, I'll go to Pyramid Grappling. I'm into that. We have, let's see. So, up next should be the middleweight. We got Jose Steve coming up. It should be Jose Steve up next. So, everybody's saying stay till Jose. We're doing it, baby. We're pulling it off. Jose Steve should be here soon enough. Looks like the next match matches should be uh actually this might have got changed around because this is this doesn't look like what's already happened so far. Yeah, I don't know. I'm finding out in live live time with you guys. But according to the schedule IBJF put out, yeah, it should be Bazilia and Liz Clay. Oh, and then it might be Jackson the guy and Luis Victor and then Jose Steve. So, we got a couple more. Yeah. Oh, okay. Actually, they're running. Oh, that's my bad. I'm looking at only Matt one. I goofed. I goofed, dude. Somebody dropped the goof button. Should we have like Should we have like punishments or something? If I If I goof, do I do I need to like do something? Do be on some real streamer some real streamer stuff. So yeah, we got Sarah Galvalo and BSM going and Liz Clay versus Bia Basilio. And then the next match will be Jackson AI versus Luis Victor and Andy Murasaki versus Matteo Cardona. So we're getting into some we're getting into some bangers now, boys. Let's get turned up. Let's get freaking Let's get ready to watch things. I'll stay till Jose Steve. I got you. I got you. flow is 8943 because yeah it should be like I said Andy and Matteo Cardona next Jackson the guy and Luis Victor and then it's Jose Steve vers Matias Morz and Pedro Meer versus Daniel Orook. So I'll for sure at least stay till Jose Steve's first round. I'll probably say till Adam's first round also because then he's up next after Jose Steve on Matt one. All right, look at this. Just just mirror images of each other. This is crazy. This is live going down on the the mats side by side and they're just doing the exact same thing. That's kind of cool. You don't see that every day, huh? [snorts] Liz Clay just throwing her leg over. Liz Clay has some of the the craziest dexterity in her legs of any grappler on earth to be honest. All right, let's focus for a little bit. Enough yip yapping. Oh, wow. Is Sarah does she have the hooks? Dude, that's crazy. Who do you guys got in this one, chat? Make your picks right now. Make your picks between Liz Clay and Basilio and Sarah Gaval and BSM. Is taller than Sarah? I mean, I don't know for sure, but just with like know like seeing them both, meeting them in person and everything, I I think BSM's probably a little taller to be honest with you. I kind of missed it to be honest. It's hard to actually watch what's going on and pay attention and also try and read uh the comments and everything. Which kick is your favorite? Te kick. Easy answer. [snorts] Which kick is best? Te kick. All right, BSM is crafty though, dude. You can't count her out from anywhere to be honest. Obviously, like this isn't the place you want to be with Sarah Galval trying to like do this low like long step passing on you, but BSM is super crafty. Yeah, this division is nuts, dude. It's just nuts that like right now on one screen we get to see Liz Clay, Basilio, Sergau, and Bana St. Marie, like some of the most exciting grapplers on earth to watch. I've been I've been to Bia Basilio's gym a couple times in uh in Sa Paulo. Um Almeida in Sa Paulo. It's kind of like I think it's like northeast Sa Paulo. It's like a little bit kind of outside of it. And uh Basilio's gym Almeida is one of my favorite gyms to visit. It's so fun. I can't I don't speak Portuguese. I can order a Coca-Cola. That's all I can do. Coca-Cola. That's I would like a Coke with ice and lemon or lime. That's pretty much all I can say. That's all I need to say to be honest. That's gotten me through like seven trips to Brazil, but everyone in her gym speaks Portuguese. Beia speaks a little English. Her English is pretty good actually. And so really, she's the only one I can talk to. But it's still just so fun just like vibing out with everyone there. It's always such a good time, you know? Like it's the type of vibe when you get in there, you just start want to do Capawera. Even if you don't know Capawera, dude, you just kind of want to start busting it out, seeing if maybe somehow you just inherently know Capawera. That it's that's the type of vibe at Bia Basilio's gym. Be a Basilio's gym makes you think that you must just be born knowing Capoera. Like it's like, yeah, create a circle. Let me get in the middle and let me start letting my freaking letting my hips fly, letting my legs fly, get my shoulders going side to side. That's the type of vibe at Almeida in Sao Paulo is you walk in that place and all of the sudden you've known Capaweri your whole life. And so that's a beautiful thing. You know, you do that and then you go order a Coca-Cola in in decent Portuguese. You do a bunch of capawera moves with the whole crew at Almeida and then you drop a Coca-Cola. I almost forgot there. I got nervous. And then they all start cheering for you because you just order a Coca-Cola and then it's like for the rest of the meal, you just point. You just point at stuff. Simple as that. Don't even risk it. Don't risk it trying to order anything else because you don't want to look like an idiot, dude. Just just point at the menu. And as for Farafa, don't think you're a real Brazil. That's that's a little bit about my time going to Almeida with Basilio. Hopefully you guys enjoyed that. &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; If I had more space, dude, if I finally made it as a big boy jiu-jitsu content creator and just, you know, upgraded to the to the penthouse, I would create out a big old space right here and I would just do capawera for you guys. That's kind of, you know, this got me feeling like I should be doing some capawera, but I currently don't have that space in my apartment. But one day, VSSM rocking the octopus right here. Sarah's kind of hip to it though. Yeah, Sarah has proved herself since the Craig Jones tournament. I mean, for sure, dude. Sarah proves herself every time every time she takes the mats. Like, even when Sarah loses, it's just like, all right, yeah, Sarah is going to be one of the best. She's so young, too. Like her and Helena, like two of the youngest and the best grapplers on earth right now. Like if you're a grappling fan, that's such an exciting dynamic to just know that there's these two girls who are going to be at the top of jiu-jitsu for such a long time just going back and forth with this rivalry. So, I think that's that's pretty epic. But yeah, we got Sarah Galva hearing like a little modified side control on BSM. Are you guys I I want to get to know the chat better too throughout this. So, you know, introduce yourself. Tell me where you're from. Tell me what your interests are. Uh, you know, tell me all about it. Tell me tell me tell me some fun facts about your jiu-jitsu, too. What kind of games are you guys playing? You know what's your go-to game? What's your backup? You got strong grips. Let And be honest, dude. No one from here on out. No lies in the comments. Everyone be truthful whenever they say stuff about their jiu-jitsu. Okay? Are you a strong grip guy? Are you a weak grip guy? Do you set traps? Are you technical? Do are you not technical and just a freaking powerhouse? Just a just a mobile truck. Just a full unit plowing through guards, you know? I've roll with some people who need their freaking commercial permit, you know? You know what I'm saying? Just coming through like a concrete mixer. No technique necessary. Just freaking blitzing my guard. P from France. BJ photographer. Blue belt that pool guard. All right, let's go. That's what I'm talking about. Shout out France. I did uh I did an episode of the ADCC Euro Tour in France. We went and hung out with Rita Mebtous. Kind of, you know, went all around the city with him. That was a pretty epic one. Super fun. I like Paris. I feel like Paris, you know, gets it gets mixed reviews. I'm a fan of Paris. Like people say like Parisians are mean to uh Americans and all this. Like I don't uh I don't agree. Everyone was cool with me. What else we got going on? We got Peter. He said, "Yeah, you're ready for Rio. We'll take you to the best steakhouse, Monin with the Peri grappling crew. Best nogi jiu-jitsu crew in Brazil. So many cocoa conello as you want." All right. I like the sound of that. I like the sound of that, boys. I'm going to Rio and I'm hanging out with you, Peter, and the pyramid crew and uh we're drinking Coca-Cell Leo until, you know, the sun sets over Copa Cabana. you know, we're hitting Copa Cabana, we're hitting Lima, we're hitting uh uh Impana, you know, we're going all of them. We're hitting all the beaches. We might drive up to Baja de Tuka. The other thing I love in Rio is BB Sukos. I'm a huge BB Sukos guy. So, I drink I go to BBCos probably every single day if I'm in Rio. I've been to Rio like two or three times and I just eat BB Sukos every meal. I get the uh I get the like the the steak sandwich with uh the miniatureized cheese, my go-to. And then I get a big acai cona eel e uh I can't remember what else. Banana fatiada. That's what I get. Bahuka is the spot. Baja's cool. Like the time I went, it's just I didn't know what to do in Baja as much. I'm kind of a little more familiar with right there at the corner of Copa Cabana and Impanana. That's where I usually stay. Oh shit, Sarah's taking the back of Bri. Oh wow. Sarah Galval tapped BSM. That's crazy. That's nuts. Sarah Gavalo is no joke, dude. I think she just like Yeah, I don't know. Sarah Galva is like the nicest um she's like the nicest person. like just talking to her, seeing her in public, she's so genuinely nice and she has so much tenacity whenever she competes. Like it's crazy watching her just like turn the switch and just become a killer right there. So yeah, shout out to her. And then it looks on like on the other side Basilio is going to get the win via points. It's division sick, dude. Didn't disappoint. All right, what else we got going on in the chat? Blue Bell 18 years old who plays Zgard Kamura and also Judoko with strong grip. All right, we got some strong grip boys in the chat. Let's go. Give it up for the strong grip boys. [applause] [cheering] I like to fancy myself a strong grip boy to be honest with you. One thing I like to do, I got this guy I roll with Ray. I work with him. He's actually like an executive at Flow Sports and I like to just go double sleeve grips and then just not let go for no reason. It's not advantageous to me at all. It's just I just like to do it because it's like a troll and I just grab double sleeve grips and I don't let him have them back for the entire round. I think it's hilarious, dude. I think it's so funny to just go double sleeves and never let go and I just try to like, you know, be creative with like how I can get to the back or, you know, pass with just the sleeves. Works better than you would think to be honest with you. So try that out on someone you want to troll in the gym. And just like when you commit to it though, bro, don't let them have the grips or the sleeves back ever. like you got to fully commit to just like that's it. These are mine now. And you can even whisper stuff like that to them like hey bro these are mine now. You're not getting them back. So highly recommend that. Uh let me check in. Let me scroll back up. I missed some comments. That's my bad. Love half guard with lapel chokes but suck big time at takedowns and guard passing. That's fair from JT. That's fair right there. I feel like that's common. Um, you know, but don't be afraid to to, you know, put a new game out there. You know, you don't have to I know it's I like half guard a lot, too, and it's easy to get complacent and comfortable in half guard, but a lot of times I find myself letting myself get smashed a little too much in half guard, even if I'm retaining the guard or if I'm, you know, sweeping off of it or taking the back off of it eventually. But I spend a lot of the time in the round kind of getting smashed more so than I should. So, don't be afraid to like, you know, mix in some butterfly with that, some half butter, some some XG guard. My for my first four years, I only focused on guard, but then I started working more on pressure passing and takedowns. I'm in the purple light feather division. Well, let's go, bro. Start smashing that division. I'll see you at the at the majors. Timer on the fat ninja bout. Uh, I think he should be up soon. I believe we're getting Jose Steve on one mat now. I'm not sure who on the other. Giovana will be the champion. All right, Lincoln called it. Master [clears throat] 3 Pro Belt from the UK. Appreciate the live coverage, brother. Of course. You know, this is fun. This is what I love doing. I love watching jiu-jitsu. It's cool to watch it with you guys as well. So, I like interacting with the chat and everything. Impana Beach is the heaven on earth. You got that right. Impana is the move. At the end of Impana, there's that there's that like outside gym with all the yellow like weights made out of stone that looks out over like a little another little secret beach. I think it's like Devil's Beach or something. I love that spot. Oh, Portugu. Oh. Oh, Portuguese. Tabone. The Portuguese is good. All right, let's go. Shout out the Portuguese. Sarah, I love you. That guy loves Sarah. I'll let her know. She's married though, pal. So, watch it. Do you guys learn kick names in traditional Japanese? Are we in Chetchia? Just weird. I don't learn kick names. I don't know. Baby goat. Sarah's a freight train. So good. True. that I'm from Brazil, live in the UK. Blue belt, spider lasso, deleiva, and diving into deep guard. Deep deep guard, deep halfguard, maybe deep deep deahiva. I like deep deahiva a lot. So, as a kid, she steamrolled me. Her game is much like Andre's. It is very much like Andre's. The crown is making me hyped for ghee season next year. I agree, bro. Someone asked earlier, is the ghee Is the G chill, bro. I'm a girl. All right, my bad. [laughter] Uh, [snorts] fair enough. [laughter] Hey, my bad. My bad. I'll admit it. I didn't expect any girls in the chat. So, my bad. Yeah, you can say you love Sarah. The crown is making me hype for geese next year. I agree. Like I was saying, uh, someone asked if do I think the G is dead? I don't think the G is dead. You know, I think the ghee will always have its place. I think No will always have its place. Like, both are good for both reasons, but like I'm a guy who likes watching both. Like I train mostly in the ghee. I watch a lot of ghee. I watch a lot of no ghee. And I kind of love both for their own aspects. Um and I'm happy that there's events doing both. You know what I mean? Like it's like I feel like sometimes the jiu-jitsu world likes to cannibalize itself for some reason. That's not super necessary. Like what why are we trying to like eat ourselves from the inside out? You know what I mean? Like let's uh let's kind of support everything and kind of keep bolstering it all up. like jiu-jitsu is on a great trajectory right now and it's growing and growing and we're getting more events and more stuff is happening, but also uh you know it almost feels like the jiu-jitsu world wants to tear itself down, but it's like it's hard to be tearing down half of our base while we're like building up the other half. That feels like we're kind of setting ourselves up to just crumble in the long run. So, I just think more support all the way across the board in jiu-jitsu kind of more, you know, unifying of different things, like reunifying everything is like a good idea and that's how that's how we're going to make it to the promised land. All right. Hope this doesn't affect Andy's match versus Dante in a few weeks. I think he should be good. Andy's a professional. He knows how to compete a lot. Let's see. All right, let me read some of these more again. Her game is so much like Andre. Sarah's game is a lot like Andre's. It's cool to watch. I'll be back. All right, I'mma go. I'll be back. Okay, Trey. All right, Augustine Perez, BJJ, we're counting on you to be back, though. So, don't if you don't come back before I end the stream, then I'll be upset. Brazil is rooting for Giovana Cano. Let's go. Shout out Brazil rooting for Giovana Cano. Half guard all the way until I kept getting wizard and stuck on bottom. Yeah, you don't want to get stuck on bottom. Which one you like? Hope this doesn't affect Andy. Ghee Resurgence. Gee will never die. Need more American Ge competitors. I agree with that. You guys got to check out this uh Gracie Baja. I think it's Upland. They got some dope uh some young kids coming up in the ghee. I'm forgetting that. Let me look this up real quick. Johnny Anderson. You guys got to get hip to Johnny Anderson. This him right here. Jonathan Anderson. Go give him a follow. He's one of the best young American kids in the ghee right now. He's an absolute beast. He deserves more followers. So, go give him a follow. But he's one of the I think he's one of the American prospects to watch in the ghee. [gasps] All right. I haven't been watching these matches that hard this at all. This is really hard to watch the matches and interact with you guys. Hopefully this is entertaining enough for you guys as well though. Getting some of these matches for free on the YouTube as well as me talking which might be a positive or a negative. I don't know. I guess you guys will have to let me know. Am I am I just being a yapper over here? You guys tired of that? You want me to sit quietly and watch with you guys? Need more technical an Maki super active in the passing. Need more technical analysis. Okay, I'll try. I mean, I'm not like a great technical analysis guy to be honest with you, but I'll try. Wish G had an 80C like event. That would be so cool. I think that's kind of what the crown is building to be in some ways, but also Worlds. IBJF Worlds is nuts, dude. I know it's hard because like when when you're in the heat of IBJF Worlds because there's so many different mats, especially if you're watching from home, um it's hard to like kind of lock in on all the mats and everything, but like IJF Worlds is an unrivaled uh kind of like experience and and just like energy. So, send my regards to Brazil GF team. We need hill hooks in the ghee. HilS and the ghee would be cracked. RP to my legs. I beat compete against one of his teammates in Noi and that whole gym is stacked. Yeah, they are. 10th Planet Ventur in the house. Love the live stream. Thanks, brother. Appreciate that. Mac Fab 10P. Throw them up. Throw up the 10 Ps. Let's go. All the All the different versions, all the different variations. Jose Steve Jalucha, I think he's coming up. Ita. What's that mean? Someone tell me what it means. Am I cussing? I can say some Portuguese cuss words. That's the other thing I know how to say. And I got some good ones, too, but I might get in trouble saying those on the stream. Checkm Brazil. All right, let's go. Let's check in on these matches. Met Juan from 10pq last night. Sick. You guys didn't tell me Luis Victor and Jackson the guy were having a little bit of a scrappy poo right here. 44 Matteo Cardona Andy Mersaki still all zeros. If we're repping Lil Tokyo Fight Club here, stop by for open mats, y'all. Yeah, we're repping. Shea is Giovana Caner's father. That's sick. Let's go. Let's go. Giovan Canaro's father, thanks for joining the chat. You're the man. Good luck to your daughter. And And we're always repping. All right. All right. Car Chang, we're always repping, dude. Don't be afraid to rep your set here in the chat. I train out of Tenth Planet or No, I don't. [laughter] I train out of Paragon Austin here in South Austin. So, you guys come through. I have trained at 10th Planet Austin, though. It's pretty cool. He is also blowing up in my opinion. All these noi guys will eventually age out and grow to appreciate the slower, more technical game. BJJ still growing as a whole. Yeah, that's true. I think the ghee is obviously like I think hobbyists lean towards the ghee and I don't think that's going to stop anytime soon just because it is like when you get into noi rounds, especially like noi focused rooms, it's just like constant scrambles, you know? It's like way easier to induce a scramble from anywhere. And sometimes as a hobbyist, you know, it's like I'm feeling a little lazy. I want to get some grips. I want to settle in and I just kind of want to slowly work over time. Like all these young kids, you roll with the you roll with the juvenile blue belt. No gee, it's nuts, dude. It's absolutely nuts. These dudes are just going banana lands on you from start to finish. And he's like, "Bro, give me a ghee to just like pin this kid down with a fresco." What's that? Like you are fresh or something or you're fried. Injury rates way higher in Nogi. Yeah, that's probably true. All right, we got to watch the matches. I'm doing a bad job of watching the matches. Oh, wow. Andy just just big big boyed him right there. Just said, "Get back down." KK, what are you laughing at? What are you laughing at? Neil Panero, tell me what 2A fresco means. I think it's like you are fried or I don't or fresh, something like that. No roasting me in Portuguese, dude. No is also gay. Chat, chat, do we agree? Chat, let me know. [laughter] No, no roast in Portuguese. You guys can roast me, but it's got to be in English. All right, you got to give me a chance to fire back. The Portuguese roasts are they're a little too sometimes they're too mean and sometimes I don't understand them. Wrestling also gay. True that. Sit sit down, dude. Play guard. Oh, now we got a Now we got a theme going in the chat. [laughter] Fully agree. Long live the ghee. That's why we do it. Right. Right. Perma corpse. Deja J in peg logo K. I don't know what that means. So, you know, if I said bad words, I apologize. Do you like Octopus Guard in the kimono? I do like Octopus Garden in the kimono. And I think we saw Brianna Say Marie earlier. Uh Sarah Gaval was able to get the win, but Banna Se Marie has an incredible octopus guard in the kimono in the ghee. Yep. I also I also think Adam Wardzinski has a great octopus guard in the ghee. Ja. We're hitting all the different types of laughs now. K Lutas Horvel's KK KKK. Are you saying what bad fights? Is that what that means? Someone let me know. We're not We're not negative in this chat, boys. We got to keep it positive. Keep it PY. PY vibes only. Aki Amazonia, Brazil. Amapa. Uh, here's the Amazon. When is Wordzinski? I think he's coming up. Send hi to FF team from Brazil. Oh, what's up FF team? Did you mean GF team or still FF team? Either way. What's up, boys? Shout out Venicious Olivivera. Can we keep it poson pulling guard topic or not? Yeah, for sure. I pull guard. I pull guard and then I wrestle up, dude. I wrestle up like a man. No, I'm just kidding. I pull guard. I play guard. I like guard. All right, Jackson. The guy got it done right there. Matteo Cardona. Never let them know your next move. Exactly. Brazil on, bro. Matteo won. Like I said, this is tough actually focusing on the matches and doing the stream. We're going to decision. Matteo, get it. Oh, Andy got it. Must have been a split decision. The only ref we could see went with Matteo. Andy's the recurring returning crown champion as well. So, he's going to the semis. I think the butterfly should be up soon. The old butterfly wizard. All right, boys. This stream's been going for 52 minutes. I said I was going to do an hour with you guys. So, we're closing in towards the end here. It's been fun. Alchem esta synindo transmitt. I don't know what that means. I'm out of the loop. Adam didn't retire. Adam did retire. Like jiu-jitsu retirement. Oh, let's look at the bracket real quick. All right. So, we're gonna have Jose Steve coming up and Pedro Maya and Denilo VR. The winner of Jose Steve versus Matteas Morise, which is a tough match, takes on Jackson Aai. And then the winner of Pedro Maya versus Denil taking on Andy Murasaki. Denilo Vuk, young kid out of Alliance, Sao Paulo. Um, he actually trained in Arkansas. I lived in Arkansas for a couple years. I trained with Danilo whenever he lived in Arkansas. There was an Alliance there and a GF team there. I uh I used to be GF team. I trained with Betto Olivea if you guys know him. World champion. Ghee and Noi. Absolute beast. But I train with him in Arkansas. Danilo would come through. We're kind of like Alliance the Alliance uh in like a neighboring Arkansas town. It was in northwest Arkansas in Fagetville. And I think they were in like Bentonville or Springdale. They would come through the com class there. So I've trained a lot with Denilo. Absolute beast. The amount of double first names in Brazil is nuts. They have a lot of names. Can't deny that. But so I think Pedro Maya is like Pedro Ma is a guy who's always right there. Follow her or her Mau. Let's go. Let's Let's talk brother. I know that one. Follow her. Follow in the chat. No way he lost. I didn't watch it. They robbed Luis Victor. You are back. Augustine Press. So I appreciate that. You said you'd be back and you were. That's that's respectable. That's what we want here. Honorable people in the chat. If they say something that they're going to do, they do it. So, thanks for coming back. Um, appreciate, "Appreciate the stream, homie." Of course. Glad I could do it. No, no, no. Please, no. But what I was saying about Adam retiring, it's like, yeah, jiu-jitsu guys retire all the time. A lot of times they retire from a specific event and then they realize like, actually, I still want to do that event or if they retire from, say, Worlds, but then they get offered an opportunity to compete on the crown, they come back and compete on the crown. And so that's just kind of like part of it. I don't know. Jiu-Jitsu retirements aren't a super real thing, you know. Menun alipa cano estamos na. Why is the fights not commented? Because we're doing a live stream here. So you're sorry you're stuck with listening to me, bro. Please don't stop the file. Please don't stop the file. I feel like that should be like a sick song or something. You guys were asking for Jose Steve though and you got him. So here he is. Matteas Marz is a beast too though. Yeah. Sorry George. I mean the full streams on flowgraphling.com right now. They have commentary going for both matches or both mats. So you can tune in there. Huo Manouse Amazonas you're from Hi. You're from Manouse. What's up Carlos Jr. Thanks for calling or joining us from Manouse. I've been to Manouse a couple times. Pretty cool place. In in our dojo, we had a mirror wall with a katana hung there as a sign of tradition. We were practicing. My friend threw me and slammed me into the con and snapped in half and wall shattered. Dang, bro. Dang. C CCMD. Sorry to hear that, dude. I don't think the katana should have snapped in half, though. [laughter] It should be made of steel. I don't think it should snap in half. Uh, that's funny. That's a funny story. I won't I won't stop in the middle of a of a match. I'll go to the end of a match at least. But what we got going on here? Someone fill me in. How did Jose Stephven Matteas Marise both score? Oh, Pedro going to come up. Boom. Another two for Jose Steve. We had Danilo Hunt in the back now. Adam has not fought already. We found out that our sensei's got scammed and bought a fake one. Yeah, that's a bummer of a way to find out. I think my dog is sitting outside of my door. Should I let her in? Should I let my dog into the stream? You guys let me know if you want me to add my add my dog Kona to the stream. I gotta check who's up next. If Adam's up next, I'll stream Adam. So, who knows? If you guys like this stream, like I said, we're kind of testing this out, seeing if it works or not. And uh maybe I'll do more of this stuff. It's fun being able to interact with you guys more directly, kind of talking to you guys, watching some jiu-jitsu. Like, this is what I do in my free time anyways. just chill and watch jiu-jitsu, talk to people about jiu-jitsu. So, if I can do it with you guys and you like it, I'm going to keep doing it. Maybe we'll even come back later kind of towards the end of this and we might do some more. But you guys got to fire it up in the comments. I want a bunch of likes, a bunch of comments, you know? I gota I got to know the this is what the people want. If you guys don't want this, I I won't do it. Like, I understand for sure. I'm no like, you know, I'm I'm down to I just want to give the people the people what they want. So, the stream is clean. Works great. Thank you. Fire it up. All right. Appreciate that, boys. Stream is pretty cool, man. All right. That's what I'm talking about. That's what I'm talking about. That's the positive reinforcement I needed. Let the dog to participate, too. And don't stop the live. Do it again. Thanks. Okay. All right. This is sick. We streamed animals fights. Only if it's a bully breed. She has She does have some pitbull. She's so we got her from the Humane Society and we did her we did a DNA test on her and she came back in order of highest percentage to lowest Rottweiler boxer German Shepherd Pitbull Cane Corso. She's a beast. This shit is dope. Always do it. I'll try. Like I said earlier, I want to do some different kinds of this stream as well. Like I'm thinking next week maybe we do like uh like I'll pull five historic Shanji Hibaro matches and we'll just stream all together. We'll watch five historic Shanji Hibaro matches we should watch. But we could do other versions too. So you guys drop comments. Let me know what kind of stuff do you want to do in this type of uh this type of stream setting, you know, because like I said, the goal is for this to be highly interactive. Like I want you guys to be as much of a part of it as I am. So it's kind of like, you know, whatever we can do to make that happen. Would you stream Nogie World? You got to see Pavle Double Gold. I'm I'm down to stream Nogi Worlds. I don't think I'm going to travel for Nogi Worlds this year. A lot of times I go to the events. I don't think I'm going. I think Joe, another guy on our team, is going. So maybe uh maybe Yeah, I'll be back here streaming it for everybody. She's dope. Always do it. Appreciate it. Would you stream? Yeah, I already read that. That dog is a dog. She is a dog, bro. She's a beast. Keep going, my friend. All right, I'm going to go get I'm gonna let my dog in. We're going to introduce her to the stream. How big is that dog? She's like 65 lbs. She's like tall. Why is the YouTube stream better than what's on the flow app? That's cuz I'm here, baby. That's cuz you got Big Trey in the mix. No, I'm just kidding. They're They're pretty much the same stream. Like I'm I'm streaming the Flow Grappling like website right now to this. Say hi to Brazil. Venicious Andraj Kasho Vamaloa. Vamo Brazil. There you go. Bring in the doggy. All right, I got you, Mac Fab. Hey, Kona. Kona. The people want you to come in here. Come on, baby. Hey, what's up, girl? All right, the dog is in the house. Vamos. Bamola. Hey, Kona. Come here. All right, this is Kona. Let's go. We all probably haven't said fire signal. Say what's up, girl. You got anything to say? All right, there you go. You guys got a lick from Kona. Iso, this is it. Is that what it means? Bars. There's no one to stop Adam. I kind of agree. Adam's a beast. Yo, let's get the dog emojis flying in the chat for Kona. If [clears throat] anybody wants to say her name, it's Kona. K O N A. Hell yeah, Kona. That's what I'm talking about. You hear that? You hear that girl? The people are saying they're saying you're awesome. Send a hug to Paula, my Brazilian partner. Hugs to to Paula. Shout out Paula. Today I went to buy a new kimona for nonformal jiu-jitsu and there was a hatsuna miku themed kimona sold out. Hi Kona Mac Fab said hi Kona. All right girl, do your thing. I guess Kona is just going to hang out in here for a little while. Why you name her Kona? Um why did we name her Kona? We kind of just looked at a bunch of different dog names and she kind of has this like black and brown mixed coat. It just seemed fitting, you know, kind of like a coffee, like Kona coffee type of thing. It just fit her. I'm not sure. Shimani Vice V. Sorry if I'm mispronouncing that Polish name. Same type of dominance as Adi is coming from Pavle and Nogi. Y'all will see. Pavle's a beast, dude. I love watching Pavle. I've I've uh I went to uh Koshalan Poland and I went to Matte Shinski's gym and we met up with Pavle and Saint Tier was there, Mattesh Mazer and I got to see all those dudes train back in 2023 and it was incredible. Yo, Trey, I have to go. I have to sell my Chicharó. Thanks for the W stream. Shout out Shout out Austin Perez. You were here day one, baby. You're number one commenter right now. Day one of the first flow grappling live stream in this style. So, I appreciate you stopping in. Appreciate the kind words. You're the man. Hopefully, we'll do this again and I'll see you in the next one. But good luck selling your chicheró. All right, we're going to see. Oh, this is going down the wire between Matteas and Jose Steve. Much love. Appreciate it. All right. Who you guys got in the decision between Tea Marz and Jose? Steve, I'm going to take a Everybody say what's up. I'm taking a picture of the stream right now. So, if you want your if you want your name in the picture, start flying with some comments. I'mma do a selfie with you guys, too. What's up? All right, there we go. Mando una alara GF team. What's up? Oh, I got Jose. Steve, show me the photo. Here, I got you. Here's one. There's the selfie now. Hey, hey, don't get demanding, CCMDv. And there's another. That's what it looks like on my end for everybody. Helian Gracie Trinidad Florianopoulos not live. Oh, get it. Salva Athleta de Future Anopoulos. Good ccm. You're you're bordering a tout, dude. Call me a good boy like that. You better be of talking to Kona and she's a good girl. So, don't mess that up again. Torcid. Giovana Cano. All right, let me look up what we got next. We got Danilo and Pedro coming to a close here. What else we got? Adam's next. Let me double check. Yep. We should have Adam versus Igor Tanabi up next on mat one. We should have Hulk Barbosa versus Winston Torres on Matt 2. I'm gonna watch that one and then uh then I might close this out. But it's been fun. &gt;&gt; What's up, girl? &gt;&gt; Con is just chilling down on the floor now. She's happy she got to be on the stream. She said you guys She said you guys are a cool bunch. Cool bunch of guys. So no, Hulk hasn't gone yet. He should be going next. Salvo. What salv mean? Somebody tell me what Salv means. I know her means brother. Appreciate that. Appreciate the appreciation. Why is Mumm not on the card? Mumm fought yesterday at BJ Stars. So, this is going down in Long Beach. Yesterday was BJ Stars 18. He fought uh Mumm fought Owen Jones on BJ Stars 18. That match is available on flowgrappling.com. So, Salvis like a hail. We are in the crowd. Giovana algam transmitt on Twitch. Man, to be honest with you, it's just I'm more familiar with YouTube. I'm pretty hip to the YouTube game and I know how to stream pretty easily on YouTube. Maybe eventually we'll we'll do like a cross stream on Twitch as well. Thank you for the life. It's this life. It's amazing. If you meant life, I appreciate that. If you meant life, then right on, brother. Life is amazing. All right, check these brackets real quick. Adam [clears throat] Warzzinski, Eager Tabby going up next. Lucas Barbosa, Winston Torres up next. But then also we got Paulo Merlin and Matteas Rodriguez. Banger of a matchup. And then Nolan Stewart as well down at the bottom. All guys to watch. I think Paulo Merlin is a slept on grappler. Paulo Merlin is incredible. All these guys are incredible. Obviously, it's like if you get invited to uh to an event like the Crown, then you're one of the top guys in the world for a reason. And you know, there's a reason these guys are here. Winston Torres win. All right. This guy's calling it as a Winson Torres win. We'll see. Shout out to Broom Brazilian jiu-jitsu from San Diego, California. Much respect. Thank you, Venicius Olivivera. Algam Transmatada, no Twitch or Discord. I mean, I'm only streaming right now towards YouTube. This is kind of like a test to see if this kind of format works and everything. Maybe in the future we'll do more. Arm triangle coming. Who you calling for the arm triangle? Shiman Wiritch calling Adam for the arm triangle. All right. Adam verse Fat Ninja up now. This is sick. Two of the coolest guys in the game. Y'all sleeping on Fat Ninja. Adam Einistro. Adam is badass. That's true. You guys surprised with how how many of these Portuguese words I'm getting? Huh? Am I surprising you at all? I know some of them. I don't know a lot and I can't have conversations, but sometimes I can recognize the words. Any Portugu any uh bilingual people, Portuguese and English speakers, let me know in the chat how my Portuguese is doing, how I'm doing on translating some of this stuff. Give me a rating. &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; All right. It's [clears throat] awesome that Igor Tonabi is back to be honest. Like I know he uh he was gone for a while. He kind of went the MMA route during COVID and everything. I think it was just a lot to do with like still needing to stay active to make money for his family and all of that. Um, so we didn't know if we were going to see him back in just jiu-jitsu rule sets necessarily, but since the Asian Open, he's kind of been back. He's been on who's number one now. He's on the crown. It's awesome having Fat Ninja back in the mix. You're doing good. Not bad. War for Winski. I can understand what you say. Okay, awesome. Appreciate it, boys. I'll keep practicing. If you guys want me to say more Portuguese phrases that I know, let's go say valu. That means thank you Valo Valo chat. Valo for tuning in. Obligato also means thank you but Valu is like kind of like a cool more slick way of saying it. You are doing good. Thank you. Shout out Sarah Karolina. Appreciate that. Say hello to Tam Buano. Hello to Lambukano. What's your prediction? Who wins this bracket? That's tough, man. I think like so obviously we got Adam, Hulk, Nolan Stewart, Igor Tanabi. Like I think Hulk being back is kind of dope also. Like I can't remember the last time I saw uh Hulk kind of in an event like this. I think that's awesome. I just think Adam Worzinski has been riding such a crazy wave recently, you know, now a two-time world champion. Looked incredible the whole way. He won the last crown. Just an absolute beast. So, I don't I don't know. [cough] Excuse me. [clears throat] I got choked up thinking about it that, [laughter] you know, it's just that's that's the type of stuff that'll choke a guy up thinking about Adam coming out, realizing his dreams, getting it all done, you know, not just once, but twice. And uh it's hard to bet against him at this point to be honest with you. But it's also I don't I don't love giving hard predictions like this is who I think you know cuz for one working in jiu-jitsu media like people get mad at you sometimes. But he's just a hard guy to bet against. Hulk's also hard to bet against. But all these guys are tough. Rip your Pokemon cards on stream. We got Reed Connell in the chat. I told you guys I told you guys that we had to worry. You know, we were worried that Big Reed might be watching and he might be like, "Hey, if you're doing all this, if you're just yip yapping with the chat, who's who's posting in the Instagram? Who's doing this? Who's doing that?" And I got a big uh oh for everybody watching. The manager has entered the chat. Uh we might be in trouble. He might like what we're doing. I don't know. We'll find out soon enough. Um but I did buy some Pokemon cards the other day and maybe I should rip them. I'm not a Pokemon guy. Never really was. never got into as a kid, but now as an adult, as a grown man, I'm like, it's about time I got into Pokemon. And so, I've been buying packs. I bought some Magic the Gathering packs as well. There comes a time in your adult life whenever you say, I need to I need to mature up. I need to stop being a silly goose because if you're a silly goose, then jump in the water. I need to kind of grow up, buy some Pokemon cards, and get into Pokemon. And for me, that happened over the weekend, this weekend that we're still currently in. And so, yeah, maybe I will. Maybe I will rip those. But I also like you guys got to fill me in if you're hip to Pokemon. What kind of packs and stuff should I be trying to buy? I just bought this like this uh this like uh battle deck starter kit thing and I don't think I really set myself up well to pull some sick cards to be honest with you. Like what's going to get me a a Pikachu? What's going to get me a Charizard? What's going to get me the big stone guy? Damn. Let's watch the fight. My bad, bro. All right. My bad. I'll quit talking. I'm going for Hulk. I coached under him and got my blue belt from him. Shout out you for getting your blue belt under him. Kidding. Kidding. Oh, okay. Oh, so now you want me to talk again. All right, then I'll talk again. Come on. We are watching. [laughter] I'm watch. I'm watching too. Kind of. No, keep the Pokemon chat going, son. [laughter] Now you guys watching. I'll talk about Pokemon. But I'm serious. I need like filled in on some of these details because right now I'm I'm in over my head with the Pokemon thing. I don't know what I should be buying and what I should not be buying if I'm being honest with you, but I want to know. I also bought two packs of Magic the Gathering Avatar cards just because I like Avatar the Last Air Bender. So, I was like maybe I should buy these, but I don't know. You don't disturb us. Keep talking. All right, cool. I just put together a Pokemon Lego with my kid. That's awesome, dude. That's core memory right there between you and your kid. He'll probably cherish that forever. Shout out you. The newest set is Fantasmal Flames. It's a good set. Where should I try and uh get that? Buy that if you can. Okay. Should I just invest way too much money into Pokemon cards? Pokemon gayer than Noi. [laughter] No comment. No comment. But I'm getting into it. You guys want me to go grab one of my Magic the Gathering? Uh, I I already I already cracked the Pokemon battle deck to be honest, so I can't crack that one on stream, but I have one Magic the Gathering set I could crack. And I know less about Magic than I do Pokemon Top Pressure for long enough. Should Bri the guard. I love Fat Ninja, but Adam is too good. Yeah, I mean, this is this is Adam's game to a tea, to be honest. just like relentless pressure, making sure that he stays inside of his game the whole time to eventually kind of like poke holes into his opponent's game and then get a score, get a submission. That is kind of what just Adam does. He's incredible at breaking opponents over time. So, Adam is a monster. Let it all be free. Can't all be free, brother. There's no There's no free lunch. Who said that? Adam Smith. That's like an Adam Smith uh quote, The Economist. Fat Ninja going under though. Little look at the back here. The best shot is Fat Ninja making an advantage or so before the clock is over. That's probably true. Got the sweep though. got the two. Winston Torres and Hulk still just kind of, you know, collar tying and kicking at each other's legs. They're going to get another penalty here. [clears throat] Adam's got the bell grip, though, and he's setting up the butterfly here. So, this is not where you want to be if you're fat ninja. See, he has that far sleeve grip. Adam, if you watch Adam play guard, especially in butterfly or just kind of all of his guards, a lot of times he opts for like the belt grip and then he kind of captures that outside sleeve and he uses that to like manage his opponent's post and he also uses it to retain guard. So if someone starts passing on him, he'll shove that farm away and then retain guard kind of using that sleeve grip. So if you see Adam have that, know that he's kind of like honing in on his game. I think Mattas Rodriguez is coming up next. We got two minutes left here. Oh, tripod sweep from Adam. That's That's V or classic Adam right there. Did he get the two for it? Got the two. So, he tied it up with two minutes left. That's classic Adam Hanan. Adam 101. Yeah, you guys know it. I don't got to tell you. You guys know what's going on. That's that's one thing I like about you guys in the chat. You guys know what's up. Are you going to stream that one? Initially, I said I I said I was going to stop streaming after this one. Igor Tonabi versus Adam and Windsor Torres versus Lucas Barbosa, but because I do got to I got to go post for Flow Grapplings Instagram and do some other stuff as well. Um, but I don't know. Maybe I'll maybe I'll come back later. We'll stream kind of some of the later rounds or something. But like I said, you know, it's if it's if you guys like it. If you guys like it, then I'll try to keep doing it. I'll try to do it more. If you guys don't like it, then I'll pretend I never did this and never do it again. [laughter] Adam is the best. Yeah, Adam's been on top for a while now. There he goes. Taking the back. Both hooks in. Should get the four. Get the advantage, too. Now we're on like 45 seconds left. Go crazy in the comments right now. Do you think Adam's going to finish before time runs out or not? I appreciate that, Hanan. I'm glad you're enjoying it. Come back for the finals. Definitely do more of these in the future. Okay, I'll do it. And it's over, by the way, Adam. No, please stay. Decision. No, I'll try. Yeah, it looks like Fat Ninja is gonna gonna make this one go to points. Oh, the little sneaky arm triangle there. Come back. I want to see the finals. I'll try. Sarah, keep going. I hope he finds the sub. We need this. We need this. All right, shout out. Fat [clears throat] Ninja looked good, though. Fat Ninja got the sweep on him. I mean, Adam is a guy who will give up points. Like, he'll he'll concede a sweep kind of, but he usually does it in a way where he goes directly into his game, has the grips he wants, and is able to score off of it immediately, which he didn't score immediately off of this necessarily, but it was like he had his game kind of on lock from the minute he got swept, eventually took the sweep, got the sweep back, took the back, got the win there. He'll advance on the other side. What we got here? 2-2. Three penalties, one advantage each. Hulk playing guard. Winston Torres trying to trying to make something happen. That's right. Butter. Shout out to Butterfly Guard Club. Learn learn Portuguese, too. My Portuguese is not bad. Say some Portuguese stuff and see if See if I know what you said. [clears throat] How about that? Uso campa I'm a world champion. [cough] [clears throat] Good night from Spain. Shout out Spain. Maracho. Shout out Anna Mayor Domo representing Spain at the highest level. Guarda Borbetta. Guard boreda. There's a little Portuguese for everybody. KK K. I I heard Mumm say kasako maro, which means like marry me or go away or something like that. He said that to Owen Jones in the press conference. I thought that was a funny line to drop on somebody. I might be saying it wrong, but I thought that was a hilarious line to say. Academia Psycho Baratama. [clears throat] All right. Who you guys got in this one? Is the crown in the pyramid? Yeah, it's in the Walter pyramid. They're firing up Paulo Merlin and Matteas Rodriguez already. Now we're going to decision on Matt 2. Borbaltta or Goncho. Borbalto or Goncho. Who we got? Let's see who won this one. Hulk gets the win. Hulk advances. Shamo Valipo transma tremigo. Yeah, you're welcome. Thanks for the stream. I believe is what they said, but I am about to shut it down. [clears throat and cough] Borbetta o gasho. That's like I don't know what boretto means but or goncho. It's like cowboy or something. Beura para Brazil. You guys are probably making me say bad words. I'm going to get in trouble. But I got to shut this down. The matches are going down on flowgrappling.com. I appreciate you guys tuning in. You know, I've said this a few times. If you've been here for a while, then uh you know, I appreciate you guys tuning in. This something we wanted to test out. See if you guys liked it. if you kind of like this more casual streaming style where we're just kind of chilling, chatting about stuff. Like, like I said, this is what I do in my free time. This is what everybody that works for Flow Grappling does, dude. We just watch a lot of jiu-jitsu. We talk about jiu-jitsu. And uh I kind of wanted to include you guys more in it, be more interactive with you, let you be as much of a part of this as I am. So, I'm glad that you guys can tune in. I can't do one more round. If I keep saying one more round, I'm going to go forever. We've been doing this for an hour and 23 minutes. I was only going to do it for like an hour, but we got Matasa Rodriguez and Paulo Merlin going now. Nolan Stewart and Hobson Chavez on the other mat. I'm gonna stop sharing and kind of close it out here. Like I said, the crowns wait on this one to get finished. I can't I can't just keep doing that. But I appreciate you guys tuning in. The Crown's going down right now on flowgppling.com. So, switch over there if you guys want to watch it. You know, let me know in the comments and all of that if you want me to come back. Maybe I'll stream some of the later stuff. Maybe we can stream some other things. But I really appreciate you guys tuning in. Much love from Houston, homie. Thank you, Mario. I appreciate that. I'm just here in Austin, so you know, maybe I'll come come through uh Houston soon. Talk to you guys. Thanks, brother. GG. GG's in the chat. Hopefully, it was a good time, you know. Sorry I got shut it down. But maybe in the future we'll figure out some events where I can just stream the whole thing and I'll just sit and talk to you guys for hours and hours and hours. Butterfly guard in Brazil. Say guard boretto or guard goncho. Butterfly guard hood. Okay, Gardo Borbleta. I like Gardo Borbleta. But all right, appreciate you guys for tuning in. Thanks, Dave. Appreciate it. And I'll uh I'll see you guys soon.