Kind: captions Language: en [Music] You're the [Music] better world. They'll be calling me call royalty. [Music] loyalty. They'll be calling me royalty. [Music] Every time I Just [Music] Never loyalty. They'll be [Music] royalty. They'll be calling me royalty. [Music] You'll be royalty. [Music] They'll be calling me royalty. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] What is going on everybody? This is Joe Gilpin from Float Grabbing coming to you guys live from Sa Paulo. We have BJJ Stars 15, the history going on here tonight. You guys are seeing a video package, setting up a lot of the show, showing some of the biggest moments that have happened with some of the people that we're going to see tonight. People showing respect to the legends, making their own stories happen. It's been an incredible time here with BJJ Stars. This is a big event for the company considering it is the first time they are exclusively with us here on Flowgraph. We thank all you guys for joining us here for the English commentary stream. [Music] Hey, All right. [Music] D. Hey. Hey. [Music] And we're back, guys. BJ Stars is kicking off here in just a few minutes. Like we were talking about, it is a stack card from top to bottom with some of the biggest competitors in all of jiu-jitsu making their way to the mats and making their way to the mat right now. FEA always doing it up big, bringing out the marching band. Always have a show. Let's take a look at what these guys have going on for DJ. [Music] Hey, hey, [Music] Hey, [Music] And here you're seeing the parade of champions as everyone who's going to take to the mass tonight in competition is coming out getting the feel of the crowd getting the energy up. The crowd getting up with the marching band with the drum line getting everybody going bringing the energy. Bea Lopez always knows how to put on a show here in South Pal here for BJJ stars and this is no exception. All these guys coming out to get a little chance to stare down their opponent, taste the taste the air, feel the energy of the room and really get ready to put on a show tonight cuz that's what it's about. Not just coming out here and winning, coming out here and being a star, coming out here and put it on a show. Something that people are going to remember. There's been some incredible moments made, some careers made here on the BJJ Stars mats. There's a lot of opportunity out there with worlds right around the corner and with some big money on the line tonight for all these guys to hop out there and really make something of themselves. It's been an incredible buildup. All these guys were looking fly and talking their talk yesterday at the press conference. Now tonight they're going to have to walk the walk. They're going to have to make their way out there for an ADCC rule style Grand Prix. a bunch of modified IBJJF rule style super fights between pound-for-pound talents between some very exciting upandcomers like that young man right there is going to be taken to the match in the first fight. The two uh most recent absolute champions Tioni Corfiio and Gabby Passagna the queen of jiu-jitsu the apex predator of women's jiu-jitsu are going to be taken to the mats. There is no match on this card that people are not going to be excited about. It's not going to deliver on action. I'm so excited for this. You see everybody starting to get ready. That's the man of the hour, Mika Galva. The 2024 flow grappling grappler of the year, male grappler of the year. Had an incredible 2024 that people are going to talk about for years and years and years to come where he won the super grand slam, became the youngest man to ever do that, winning all four IBJJF majors. And on top of that, an ADCC World Championship. It was an absolutely unbelievable year. This year, he says he is back to hunt. Last year, he was kind of the hunted because he had set such a lofty goal. Everybody was out there trying to knock him off. This year it's about hunting and going out there and finding challenges that he can take down. And he believes that this tournament is just just the opportunity to do that. This is his chance to rise to the top of another weight class. He's the WO champion at 170 lb. Now he gets a chance to add the PJ Stars belt here at 185 lbs. I believe he's also the 170 lb champion. It's an incredible career for the young man now star who's already starting to think about an MMA career potentially in the future. Adam Polish Butterfly is going to take on Eric. It's been an incredible night. It's going to be an incredible night as we start to [Music] Leonardo Ferto Mini, Gabriel, Adam Vinski, Eric, Mika Gone, Joas, Gracie, Rafael Pag, Paganini, Oliveraza, Roberto, Jimenez, John Blanks, Isaki, Isaki, Michelle, Elijah, Dors, for compliment. moment. Here you see everybody coming, giving the show respect. All respect here. Everybody just wanted to put on the best show they can. show that they're the best. Show that they've been training hard and doing their thing. A lot of great fights like we were talking about the world champion last year at 70 kilo me coming out here. He's going to take on Dio Hayes, the ADCC world champion from last year. It's IBJF world champion, ADCC world champion, medium BJJ stars. Those are the kind of fights the BJJ stars just so regularly produces. Those guys are both absolutely world class. They've risen to the top of jiu-jitsu. They're going to meet here tonight for the third time having gone one and one in their careers here at Black Belt. Absolutely unbelievable that we could get that one together on such a big night. You see the Sa Paulo crowd always hot, always here to to support their people. Everybody in their trains is a very knowledgeable crowd. You come out here to a BJ Stars and I did happen to see W matchmaker Ricardo Aandia in the crowd. Do not be surprised if you end up seeing some of these guys on big shows like who's number one in the future while he's down there scouting like we were talking about a little bit earlier. Adams is going to come out here. He's going to take on maybe the toughest test of his career. Adam's had an absolutely incredible 2024 meeting in 2025. He's won pans. He's won euros. He won Worlds. He won the crown. He's won every GE tournament there is to win after coming so close for so many years. He finally has broken through to being the man. And now he gets to take on the toughest test of his crew when he takes on the absolute open class champion from last year, Eric Bise. That's an incredible test. If he can win that, he's going to be the number one pound-for-pound guy in the world. So that's a really incredible match for that Polish superstar. Unreal, man. What an exciting. So this is something that BJ Stars does very well is they have these upandcomers and they have such good scouting cuz FEA is always in these gyms that they really pick these guys well. This is Angelus. This is Lucha. Lucha is an absolute buzzaw down here at these lighter weights, at these lower weights. This kid's he's just a kid. He's a melty galva product. Everybody at the Melky school is so high on him. They talk about his work ethic. They talk about his pressure. They talk about how he's one of those guys who's actually pushing Fo Hayes in training every day. Even though he just recently got that blue belt. He was a green belt. Uh this is a kid who has moved away from his house to train professionally even at a very young age. Angel Lucio is very tough. But Weverton, we're talking about a lot of the same story with Weverton here. He's also a great champion. He's won Brazilian nationals, I believe, multiple times. He's an Alliance kid, uh, local, very, very tough. I think he's going to be looking to play a little bit more guard here. I think Lucino probably looking to pass, but both these guys can get it done everywhere. The color on their belt is blue. The level of their skills is black. There's no doubt. So, I think we're in for a great great match. Both these guys are future stars who are going to meet here tonight with a lot to prove in front of a big, big audience. Let's get it going. A lot of pressure on these two kicking off a big card like this. They both have a lot of people here in the crowd. You can see the Milky Galva School, the BJJ College people are always there. Nice little foot sweep attempt and gets him down. Nice little scramble and Weverton is going to end up on top and start to look to use his passing. These are mostly IBJJF rules. Uh the only real difference is the penalty system. The penalties in IBJJF give you one more. So things are a little bit more restrictive. They want you to work a little bit more here in the BJJ stars rule set. So keep that in mind. Anytime you see people in the ghee, it's IBJJF rules. Anytime you see people no gee, we're going to be doing ADCC rules. You see Weverton here on top. I thought he was going to play a little bit more guard. That's what I've seen when I did the scouting. But he's on top. Like I said, both these guys can get it done everywhere. Nice little Troy bar attempt over the top. Little straight arm bar attempt here for Luchia working from bottom. He threads that leg over the top. There's a very deep armbar attempt. Now he might be able to weave that leg through, but no. We is able to slip the elbow. And now he's back into a nice passing sequence. Referee going to try to recreate this over in the center. Checking where everybody's grips and hips are before we move everybody over. Might be a situation where we pull them or we just going to reset them. Just going to reset them. Lucia very effective this year in competition. Saw him absolutely dominate the field at uh IBJJF Euros. He looked incredible there. Really proved a lot uh to a lot of people. Opened some eyes there. Was great. He's also won Brazilian nationals before. Both these guys have won the Brazilian national tournament before which is also going on on Flow Grappling. If you guys have a flow grappling subscription, you can also click over watch Brazilian Nationals all week. Definitely recommend a ton of that great action as they recreate everybody here for our blue belt pals. Reset's very important in jiu-jitsu. You can never restart a position exactly where you left off. The momentum, the feel, the touch, a grip, something's always different. Somebody's always going to win or lose the reset. It looks like Luchia did a great job of being able to thread a guard back in. He's got to be a little bit careful of this reap, but he's working into a nice single X guard. fixes his right hand where he almost got a penalty for an illegal grip, but picks it up nice. He's really doing his best to offbalance Weverton, who's really basing well as he starts to step out of this Xgard with that long frame. That's exactly what he wants to do. There's also back take options if he feels so inclined. Yep. Wasn't able to make it happen. comes back out on top. But some really solid work from top from Weverton, even though he's not able to pass yet. Lucia closes down the guard. I think that's a good idea for him to be able to try to slow things down here now. He got, you know, some not great positions. It's time to recompose the fight, recompose the guard, lock that guard down, and start to uh work. We breaking well though. Notice that lasso guard coming in on the left side. That's what's keeping it from being a pass right now is that lasso hook that he has. Lucha trying to roll up on top and potentially even find to his way to a leg. We good base, good balance. We very very good on top. You're seeing that he's able to really stay calm in some of these positions. He throws that by. It looks like Luchinia is going to try to come up and wrestle his way up. This is a critical moment in the fight. Weberon needs to sprawl those hips down, but he kicks up over the top. He's thinking armbar. Not quite there. And Luchia is going to wrestle through this position. Big moment for Luchia. So, they're going to call that an advantage for Weverton for that uh near pass. And because it was a reversal coming from a a negative position, they're actually not going to give Luchia the points there. They're calling that essentially an escape from uh from like side control or a reversal rather from side control. So now it's Luchia's turn on top. He's going to have to make something happen here as Weverton gets the advantage and now gets to play a little bit more defensive if he so chooses or is he going to open up? This is a big pay-per-view show and he may feel so inclined to to really open up. It's not just enough to win. You want to win in style when you come to a big show like this. Guinia finding angle. Is that enough for the judges though? Looks like he'll need a little bit more. But that's a very encouraging sign for the young Amazon product. I believe he's an Amazon product. [Applause] In fact, I believe he's a manara. You know what they say about that Manowara pride. The Manowaras do not like to lose to another non-Manowara. They feel a lot of a lot of cultural pride in in that. So he's got about a minute to work here. Big stack. He's finding the angle. There's the north south. He's going to get that big push late is going to put Franca up by three. That was a very, very gritty pass to be able to get through the frames and grips of Weberon Martinez. You can hear the Milky folks getting loud. Moves his way to the armbar. Looks like Weberon going to be okay. He needs a way to points if he wants a way to win this fight. A back take isn't out of the uh equation, but the time is not his friend. [Applause] Lucha going to move his feet, engage the guard one more time, and he's going to be the one to pick up the win in this showcase match for these two young blue belts. I feel like they both showed a lot of skills, but it is that man, Angelus Lucia Martins, uh uh sorry, rather uh Lucha coming away with the victory. An incredible performance from him. It was that late pass and the grittiness and the toughness that he showed there that gets him the win tonight, showing off for his people, for the audience there, the people who came to cheer him on. Incredible performance from that young man. I think people are going to hear a lot about him in a few years. This is a great first step to that. Remember Luchia guys, he's going to be a great great uh prospect coming out of that mealy school. [Applause] The young man Aara gets it started for the Milky team. They're going to have Diego Hayes and Mika Galva later on in the card here. If you guys are watching on YouTube, you can head over to Flow Grappling. Get the subscription. Get us for a month. Get us free a year. You're going to be able to watch Brazilian nationals this month. You're going to be able to watch World's Coming Up. You're going to be able to watch the rest of this card including the finals of that Grand Prix tournament. Guys like Adam Winski going to be in action. Diego Hayes may Roberto. What a night of action. Gabby Pan of course the queen of jiu-jitsu. Congratulations to Big Luchia celebrating there at that trophy befitting the champions here of the event. Here you see the replay. This really was an important reversal even though he doesn't get the points. You see Luchia wrestle up out of this armbar attempt. I think Weberton is going to be kicking himself. They didn't commit fully to that. It was kind of in between whether or not he was going for the armbar or not. Luchia ends up on top and from there he's going to end up getting that pass into the north south and get the points that end up being the deciding factor there. So important. He goes for the stack. We trying to invert his way back in and get some kind of guard going. Nothing doing. There's the north south. Once he stabilizes that was the fight. You see this arm bar attempt from Lucha where he tries to sit back into this shotgun style arm bar with the overwrap grip on the elbow. It's a very very tight position, but Weverton savvy to it. Able to try to step over, step through, keep himself safe, but overall it was enough for for Luchini to pick up the win. Absolutely a great performance. He should be So BJJ stoj stars stoush. BJ history. [Music] Yeah. Frost. by the order of funky milky [Music] blinders. That's Luchia, everybody. They gave a little Pey Blinder shout out cuz all the boys were dressed in their Peaky Blinders best yesterday at the press conference. You can head over to the float grappling Instagram if you want to take a look at that. Uh it was uh quite the time. Those guys are always looking for a way to put on a nice show. We're going to be right back getting the Grand Prix started I believe. So don't go anywhere. [Music] And we're back. We're going to bring our second match of the night out. Uh they just asked Luchia, by the way, what his uh who he thought was going to win the Grand Prix. You can guess. The guy wearing the Melky Galva pouch patch on his arm. went ahead and said he is going to favor Mika Galva in this match coming up. I believe this match is going to be our first round of the BJ Stars Grand Prix which is happening at 83 kilos. It is 183 lbs basically middleweight. We have eight of the top middleweights in the world. Guys who have all proven themselves at the world level. It is an absolutely stack stack bracket. I actually think it's become more stacked with time and we are seeing that. We're going to start with John Blanc, top four 2019 ADC 10th planet. He is replacing PJ Bart. He is an incredible competitor. He's a great leg locker who was just in the finals of black belt pans in 2024. His false re is one of the best on the planet. He's taken on MA first round. He's got the thing that Ma historically has been weaker against than anything else. If you have a path to victory against Ma, none of them are easy, but the foot lock seems to be a key for a lot of guys. I don't know that we have a better leg locker in this field than John Blanc. So, this is a very dangerous first round matchup. There's of course questions with Jon considering he's a late replacement. How's the cardio? Was he really dialed in for this weight cut? But man, he's going to come out here hot and heavy. He's a very experienced competitor. Can't wait to see it. And here's the man of the hour, the 2024 flow grappling male grappler of the year. The young star from Menow, Mika Galva, makes his way to the mat. He is a submission machine. Incredible takedowns, great guard passing, back takes like you've never seen before. Flies his way into submissions. Very mentally strong. We see him get it done in the ghee. We see him get it done no ghee. This guy is a machine and he has a big goal tonight to come out here and prove something up a weight class from his usual 170 lbs. It's his first competition of the year. It's his first compet first competition under a big new deal with float grappling that we just signed that we're all very very excited about. We all know Mika is one of the best. This is a very very cool matchup to start this Grand Prix with. Here you see the belt that is a Lutra. That is what the Libé guys wear guys. [Music] We do have official ADCC refs in the building for this. This is a sevenminute fight with a potential three and a half minute overtime. Three and a half minutes points are going to come into effect here in the opening round. John, who can sometimes be Yep, there's the pull out saying he's going to wrestle with him a little bit more. John actually does have a wrestling background that I feel like not everybody's aware of uh actually out there in Pennsylvania. Uh but very very effective guard player over time. You're going to see him play with those inside foot position uh guards, butterfly guard, half butterfly, trying to get to his exguards, potentially leg entanglements as Mika is dropping down. I feel like we don't There's a nice uh knee slide pass for Mika, not able to establish anything, but he's just working his way through the guard as John, who is very physically powerful, continues to move forward. John, you see him trying to jump into those guards so he can get a good entanglement on Mika. That says to me he feels like Mika's pulling back a little bit and trying to play with a little bit more distance. Mika not necessarily trying to dive into the guard even though we have seen him throw in some knee slides. Uh he he's keeping his distance. Yep. You see him back stepping a little bit. Trying to cook this match and make his work happen a little bit later maybe. Yep. A lot more outside passing for Mika. So far, John doing a good job of even though he's getting put flat on his back, coming up and working out of those positions and sitting up and wrestling up and forcing engagements. That's a good guard player. That's the mark of a good guard player. And no is somebody who's constantly forcing engagements and not just letting somebody stand on the outside. But Mika keeping his base, keeping his balance, keeping positions that he's very comfortable with. He understands how dangerous Thor is for these kind of matches, especially early where he doesn't have a sweat going. Uh, you know, it's going to be an issue. Five minutes remaining. Remember, we are in no points until three and a half minutes are on the clock. And so, right now, there's a nice pass and Ma able to establish, but it's that far side under hook that's the real danger. Mika a real killer with those armbars. So, watch a potential move to that far side because of that isolation of that arm. Really strong guard pass from Meek. It was able to time one of those moves in from John and blast his way through the guard. Really, really great timing from the young man. Aara John understands, you know, he's really accomplished in 80c rule set. He understands that he hasn't given up any points yet. Definitely not a good position. Definitely has some submission danger, but right now he still is in a a tied 000 match despite the positional uh positional gain that's happened so far. Mika now working to a north south. This is interesting. Potentially trying to look for Kamura maybe or even a north south choke. I feel like the north south choke has become kind of a hot topic after Marcelo started coming back with it. Points are active. So Mika will not receive any points for anything he's done yet. That pass will never give him any points. Uh but anything he does from now on, for example, a neon belly or a mount, that would earn him points. So, even just ending up in a good position. Oh, there's a back take. There's a back take. John's going to use it to escape. Good flexibility from the savvy vet, John Thor Blanc. But now, Mika going to be feeling a little bit more confident. And John Blancc, the late replacement in this Grand Prix and the older man, may be feeling it a little bit more, having carried Ma and his weight for a long time there in side control. Good knee slide position here from Ma deep in the split squat trying to get to the head. Unable to. John doing a good job framing. Good job staying dangerous. But Ma works his way into a smash pass and then hops to the side. This is going to be points all the way to mount. Incredible sequence from the young world champion. He works his way all the way to the mount in a matter of seconds. He has that arm up. Might be looking to finish the fight with that, but that's going to put him comfortably ahead on the scoreboard here with about two minutes remaining. Mika always looking to finish. His submission rate is very very high. Even against very elite competition and in a one night tournament like this, there's no there's no telling how beneficial it is to be able to finish matches early, get off the mat early. If somebody can come out here in one of these matches and score a very very quick decisive submission, then they're going to put themselves at a huge advantage later in the in the tournament. Now, with a minute left, is that as big of a deal? Not as much, but it can also be a good confidence boost heading into the next round that this last guy couldn't survive with you. So now you see him work off to the neon belly. That to me signals that he doesn't want to just stay a mount. He wants to stay dangerous and aggressive here. And he's looking for a way to finish this fight if he can find it. Also impressive, the belt has stayed tied. Usually you see that thing come off pretty quick. Back to an open guard. John Blanc always dangerous like we said. still able to get to legs, still able to make things happen. But Ma up three points and he's the one bringing tempo, bringing action. Good little pass by to the side and then puts himself right back into that split squat. Half butterfly for John Blanc. And it looks like Mika Galva is going to be able to advance here in the first round of the Grand Prix unless John Blanc is able to make something very dramatic happen here in the last few seconds. Mika hopping off to the [Applause] side. Ah, and John Blanc is able to free his head. Ma, like we talked about, always looking for the submission. Tried to hop on that side katame which he has been refining. If you want to find a little bit more information on how Ma approaches that side Kagatame, you can actually find that on our YouTube channel right now. You can also find that up on Flow Grappling uh the site itself. So obviously a lot of information out there about that. That's something that Mika has been working on. Might see that come back a little bit later in the tournament. But here in the first round, three nothing. Mika Gaval gets it done. I think John Blanc actually looked [Applause] The young grappling star gets it done. He's going to move on to take on the winner of Elijah Dorsy and Rafael Paganini. We're going to fight coming up here in just a few minutes. Uh but he looks awesome in the first round. His guard pass is really what gets it done. You can see here he times that guard jump that John was using and knee slides very effectively through the guard. Really, it's timing. It's it's thousands and thousands of reps. And here you see that smash pass position. He's going to hop over with a hip switch into a leg drag position and then he's going to knees slide his way over into the mount and boom. That was ultimately the deciding factor in the match on the scoreboard. That kind of fluidity and pressure is really hard for anybody to recreate. And there you see him countering that wrestle up attempt from John Blanc trying to get that side kai. It's an arm triangle. It's not a guillotine. Uh trying to get that going. Not able to make it happen. And you see the stanced up Mika Gava picking up the victory. It's [Music] [Applause] His children's back for [Applause] We are back. We are going to keep the Grand Prix rolling here into the second fight. We're going to have seven Grand Prix fights tonight for the eight competitors. This fight is going to be Elijah Dorsy who had an incredible breakout run for the 80C season last time. He is going to be coming in and taking on sorry fights. Isak and Shell taking on Roberto. This is actually the first round fight I am most excited for. So I am super pumped that we're going to see this. We are starting with Isaac. I remember meeting Isaac. He was a young purple belt. That had to be like 2018. Just a young kid out out of Australia. He has really developed into one of jiu-jitsu's best wrestlers. His guard passing is absolutely incredible, especially his loose passing. He has a motor for days. He was the who's next reality show champion with us. He's fought for the 205 lb title. He has been uh on the steady come up through the grappling world. And I think here tonight, he has an incredible opportunity to pick up some big wins that really he I think he needs in his career to take a step onto that next level, right? He's just under truly like number one kind of guy status and he needs some big wins to be able to get that done. A win against Roberto Jimenez, who is an absolute samurai. I'm so excited to see that be absolutely huge. Roberto, like I said, total samurai. This guy is a natural rebel. This guy is on an incredible run for his career right now where he's coming out putting up submission of the year contenders like he did on who's number one against Elder. He's having great runs through McGee like he did at pants facing Adam in an absolutely epic final you can find on the flow grappling site. I think he's on our YouTube. Roberto's been on one of the best runs of his career and he's been doing it up in weight. Now he's coming back down to 185 lbs. I actually think he's kind of perfectly suited. He said that everything worked out perfectly. He's super excited to get in there and make it happen. This is an incredible fight between really two top guys at 185. I I think this could in many many tournaments be a final and we're getting here. Same thing. Seven minutes, three and a half minute potential overtime. Roberto has been wrestling a lot more, but he I mean you try to predict Roberto Jimenez. Good luck. Little chippy at the beginning. That is nothing personal. Roberto, if he ever tries to shake your hand, will never shake your hand. and he shakes your forearm. Uh, and Isaac did not expect that and did not appreciate it and so he let him know. Roberto jumps right in for the flying arm bar, but Isaac saw it coming. He saw that elder he saw that elder tape. He's not going to let that happen. Man, Roberto is such a such a gunslinger. Maybe the number one gunslinger in the sport right now. Now Isaac coming around to the back and they go out of bounds. These guys are going to have a lot of exchanges. You can feel it early. This match is going to be frenetic. Isaac shooting in. Big blast double. Puts him all the way down, but Roberto gets all the way back up. Awesome. Awesome action early from these two. Roberto working his way back in. He's going to be a little bit more physically powerful here at 185 lbs. He's been competing up at 205 a lot, trying to be the smaller, faster guy. Now he's a little bit more on that same plane with everybody. I think he's going to have a little bit more power than we're used to seeing from Roberto. Roberto trying to peel off two ones. He's the one moving forward. He's the one digging at Isaac. Isaac trying to play a very measured strategic pace. He's going to try to be the much more strategic guy in this fight. Roberto is a kitchen sink all the time guy. He's so experienced that he can really make that happen in a lot of different ways, right? He doesn't need one path to victory. Big exchanges out by this edge. Roberto gets him down. But they're going to stand right back up. It's a lot of this. They're going to put him down. They're going to ask Isaac to get down after that takedown. They're going to call that a successful takedown attempt or or at least a continuous motion that they're going to be able to restart. Now, we're up here in the single leg. Isaac defending with that over hook. Whizzering hard on this. able to limp leg out, turn and face. Good defense there on the single leg from Isaac Michelle. Everybody knows he works a lot with a lot of some of the best wrestlers in the world like Bo Nickel and Jason Nul. Those guys are always helping him sharpen up his wrestling. He has turned into a really incredible takedown artist here in submission grappling. Uh and we've seen that here. We've seen that in his ADCC trials runs. We've seen some awesome double legs. Uh uh just here tonight like we were talking about. One minute until points. I feel like both these guys have felt each other out a little bit. They're going to keep pounding, keep hand fighting, but once those points hit, I feel like these guys are going to open up a little bit more. Especially the wrestling heavy Isaac is being very strategic, pretty smart right now and waiting for points to come on because you can score all the double legs you want, but if they don't show up on the scoreboard, then what are you really accomplishing if he's getting right back up? Roberto, who does have a wrestling base of his own, shoots in. Isaac catches him coming in and we get back up to our feet. Roberto wrestled in high school, which I feel like not a lot of people are aware of. I don't know if he was throwing all those flying arm bars. Then shot into short offense from Isaac. Tries to spin around, not able to make it happen. And we're going to be in points here in just a second. I think this where the match really heats up. This thing is on a razor's edge. Both these guys are shooting. Both these guys are able to defend. It was a very, very even match for three and a half. You see, oh, big chip attempt and a new takedown attempt out to the edge, pushing, shoving a lot of action off the mat between Isaac Michelle, who's the first one back, and Roberto Jimenez. They were both attacking there off the mat. Not sure who got the better of it, but things are heated right now between these two. The competitive fires are out. Both guys now taking a second to recompose themselves. Those are ADCC style rules, right? They're well known for that. Some people love that, some people not so much. But there is continuous action until the referee says stop. If that means off the mat, that means off the mat. And if you're going to be the person defending the takedown and you let yourself get pushed all the way to the edge of the mat, then that's just fair game. And Isaac does a great job there, snapping him down, using a pushpull reaction there off those double under hooks. But Roberto slips out. Both guys fighting hard here. Another shot on the edge. Isaac times the shot well, but Roberto able to limp leg out. Always going to be a little bit easier to that limp leg out in grappling without the shoe on compared to wrestling. So guys are able to turn that knee and just kick away a lot freer than they are in something like freestyle or folk style wrestling. Head post, collar ties, these guys brawling a little bit in the hand fight, letting each other feel it. Definitely going to be feeling whoever wins this in their next match. But when you have two world class guys like this, the margins are very slim and you know guys are going to try to find those advantages however they can. Roberto doing a lot of tapping to the head trying to get a reaction out of that almost like a boxer with a jab trying to set a rhythm and then ducks underneath of it. But Isaac very heavy hips very hard to get a good deep shot on Isaac Michelle. He's worked a lot on that sprawl and and he's got a very muscular frame that's hard to work through. Good single, but Roberto trying to cut that angle to the back. Isaac grabs the over hook and bails. Now Roberto in on the leg. Great scramble. He's cleared the knee. We're into this same single leg position that we were in earlier. 45 seconds on the clock. Roberto trying to grab a little bit of grip. If you're Roberto, you got to get him moving a little bit. You got to move your feet. You got to get him to start having to catch his balance so you can get him in between steps. And if you're Isaac, you got to start to clear that knee and then be able to limp leg away like they've both been able to do throughout this match. But 20 seconds on the clock, it's totally feasible that he could wait out this position and then start to strike once they get into overtime. Roberto working his way to the back. Big suplex. Big return from Roberto Jimenez who's now going to chase the back with short time left on the clock. Isaac escapes. But that was an incredible moment from the young South American star Roberto Jimenez. The power on display here in this 83 kilo Grand Prix. If this was freestyle, it would be a five, potentially a four. Uh but but it would be certainly some kind of amplitude. We're going to overtime tied 000. Referee checking just to make sure with the side table that nothing was given for that takedown. I don't believe anything should be. We are going to be going to overtime here. Both these guys feeling it. Both these guys want to continue. Both these guys loving the energy from this Brazilian crowd. Nobody brings the energy quite like these BJJ stars crowds, right? They're so knowledgeable. They're right on top of the action. Here we go. Oh, what a fight, guys. What a fight, guys. Congratulations to Jimenez. And Roberto Jimenez picks up the win here. I believe it was that late takedown action that gave him the nod here in the judges. I'm not sure if it they awarded points or maybe they just called the decision after the initial regulation, but Roberto Jimenez gets his hand raised. He's going to be the one moving on. Incredible fight. The announcers call it out. Both those guys left it all out. There's some awesome takedown exchanges. Roberto with that late exchange is able to be the winner. He advances on. He is going to take on the winner of Jonatas and Oliver. Look early in the fight. It was early and late for Roberto. He makes that big pull. Isaac right back with that big double. And this was I think that big fight off the mat that these guys had where these guys were really scrambling and struggling and throwing submissions and pushing each other into the chairs. If you're sitting matt side in ADC rules match, you got to understand what that means, unfortunately. And this is that big jump to the back that Roberto makes. Freezes hips, wrestles his way back into the leg, and that would then set up the duck around and the big taked down. That's a giant throw onto the shoulder. Look at that. Unreal. Roberto, he has been putting together an incredible 2025 highlight reel. And he adds another one here. here. That's an enormous win for him over Isaac. He's advancing to the top four. He's got his eyes on number one. What an awesome, awesome fight, guys. We'll be back. I [Music] want [Music] beautiful things that I've got. It's time. [Applause] Roberto. Okay guys, we are back here stars. We are in the middle of the Grand Prix. Two of the first fights are done. Mika Galva wins his match three to nothing. Roberto Jimenez advances over Isaac. Great great match match of the night so far. Uh and now we're moving into the third round where Elijah Dorsy is going to take on Rafael Paganini. These are actually the two guys who uh started to jaw back and forth a little bit about who uh who is going to be better that who do you want to see in the first round? Who's the easy draw? Both these guys said, "I want to fight this guy Elijah. I want to fight Raphael. Raphael, I want to fight Elijah." And they're going to meet here on the BJ Stars. Mask is Elijah Dorsy. He was top four ADCC. Picked up wins over Dante Leon. Ever heard of him? Picked up a win over JT. Ever heard of him. Incredible. Incredible accomplishments. OneC trial. Pick up a win in the finals over Nick Ryan. Ever heard of him. This kid has been on an absolutely incredible run for my money. Maybe the most underappreciated grappler on the planet right there. Elijah Dorsy. He's coming out. He's taking on Hael Paganini who's been on a great run of his own. He is getting credited as Dreamart. I've been seeing this guy training with the New Wave team here in Austin, Texas for a while now. Every time I hop in, he's in there training with guys like John Carlo Padoni and Oliver Caen, some of the best guys in the world in there. And so I think he's going to have some extra tricks coming in here tonight potentially training with a team of that quality. But Elijah, man, one of the best there is coming up from 170 where he usually is. Paganini maybe a little bit more naturally big guy. He is one before BJ stars. He's a twotime Brazilian Nogi national champion. One of the best in Brazil, no doubt. And man, you don't think there's pressure on these guys? These guys both said, "I want to fight the other guy cuz I think he's the easy draw." That's pressure. That's signing yourself up for something where you really can't afford to take that loss, can you? At least your ego uh uh is going to be in trouble if you do. Hafael pulls. Elijah going to work from top. We saw Elijah when he fought somebody like Nicki Ryan was able to use his loose passing to huge effect. People kind of got on him for just having a very fundamental game at the time. Guys, fundamentals are what gets the job done. Oh, that wasn't very fundamental. He jumps up over the top. Elijah looking to diversify his game a little bit. But now Paganini into the legs and Elijah steps out. Love to see young Dorsy flying up over the top and making it happen. Man, it was really awesome seeing him come out of ADCC and have an awesome run. Place top four, placed fourth. uh picking up some of the wins like we talked about over really really experienced guys. I mean Dante's one of the best guys poundfor-pound was a guy that everybody was talking about. He drops in on a leg. He drops in on a leg. Paganini counters now. Paganini looking to make it happen. Paganini looking for outside attacks. Tries to wrestle up and Dorsey kicks his way free. Dorsy very effective now. Originally just a lot more of a ghee guy. grew up very much uh as a ghee guy, as a ghee kids competitor, but he has really developed the no ghee skills, especially the ability to kick and high step and get out of those dangerous dangerous leg entanglements. Paganini chasing those dangerous leg entanglements, which you love to see. Elevates him. Dorsy starting to apply a little bit more pressure. Remember, three and a half minute mark points will come into effect. and everything up until then. This sub only essentially Paganini starting to agitate now from bottom and push in and collar tie and just agitate and try to make something happen, try to draw reactions that he can build from as Dorsy moves his way to the angle. Nice deep pass attempt. You see Paganini trying to hold on to legs, potentially think about some kind of K guard, work his shins back in where he's going to eventually be able to recompose the guard and he does. But that's a lot of energy. Think about that, right? We have one minute until points. Who's working harder than the other person? I'm not saying Paganini necessarily is, but if you work much harder than your opponent and it doesn't show up on the scoreboard, it usually isn't a great sign for the rest of the fight. So that's a lot of what these ADCC strategists do in no points. if they can't submit you, they're at least gonna make you work. And I think we're seeing that strategy from the very strategically sound Elijah Dorsy. I think that's part of what makes him so good is that he is very strategically sharp. He always comes in with a solid plan, him and his team, and he's really, really smart about executing that and sticking to the game plan, keeping it simple, sticking to the game plan. You see him move to the angle here, but Paganini staying right there with him. Paganini not out of this by any respect. And now he's going to be able to catch his breath a little bit. 30 seconds left. Both guys taking stock of the fight now that we're three minutes in. Dorsy finds his way to an angle. You see him using some of this leg pin passing. We are into points now where these things are going to matter a little bit more. The exchanges have to be and he's deep into a pass. Tries to find the angle. Paganini spins. They're going to reset to the center. It's been Dorsy's loose passing. It's been Dorsy's loose passing and his ability to cut in when he needs to for for a big advantageous position, usually north south, that have been the difference for him in this matchup so far. Paganini is going to need to find some way to work up and engage differently if he wants to change the way the tenor of this fight is shaping up. Two and a half minutes remain. You see another knee slide into a north south position. But you see that left shin of Paganini is being a real problem. Staying inside there, but Dorsy now cuts back to a new angle. He's got a deep body lock, but he's going to be unable to recmpo to uh establish a pass rather as Pagani draws his way in. And Paganini starting to scoop at that leg, starting to make himself a nuisance here on bottom, but he lets it go. That's usually a sign that there's deep pressure coming. You can see his hands starting to bench press and push and frame as he finds ways to ameliate that pressure and keep that pressure off of him and deal with that from the young TLI product. He slides out again. He's been very effective at that. And the reason is he's not knee sliding through. He's knee sliding out over the shin rather than over the thigh. And that puts him into a space where then he is further away and he's cutting the space off by jumping over to north south. Right? It's that sideways knee slide jump to north south idea that some guys use very well. He's using very well here tonight. You can see a great example of it here tonight. uh rather than trying to fight directly through the guard. Minute 15 left for these guys. Dorsy pummeles his way free again. Something I'd like to see from him is start to Yes, I was going to say start to diversify which side you're passing to. And as soon as I say that, he starts to do it. Now he's got a great look at the back as Paganini Turtles. There's a good seat belt here for him. Paganini able to get it back to the mat. There's a deep deep half guard position for Dorsy. He's going to probably look to try to pressure and pass his way through this position as he pins his way uh uh his opponent down. 30 seconds left. This is a really, really critical position for both these guys. Dorsy, if he can score, is going to be able to finish the match right here. Paganini needs to hold on to give himself a chance in the overtime. late push. 5 seconds out. He got out with 5 seconds left. A late push from Elijah Dors. He may have just won him this match and put him into the semifinals here. BJJ Stars. The time on the clock when that leg came out was 5 seconds, but it's going to matter how they how they rate all of that. Do they give him the pass and the establishment of the pass early enough into that to give the points? If not, still looks likely he's going to pick up the decision win. Elijah Dorsy will advance through to the second round of the BJJ Stars Grand Prix. Parab Elijah Dorsberto Elijah Dors. Elijah Dorsy picking up the win, advancing to the semiinal. He's our third semi-finalist here at BJ Stars 15. It was the aggressive top work from Big Breakfast, Elijah Dorsy getting it done. You see him jumping into the guard there. He had kind of a fearless passing style tonight, if I might say. So, he he really attacked that guard very very well. It was that late work that was ultimately so important, but you see him there knee sliding out to the side and then trying to establish himself from north south. putting on the pressure, putting on the squeeze like only Big Breakfast can. Certainly had his wedies this morning. Here you see him making his way to the far side, which causes the turtle. Very impactful sequence here in the match. Paganini eventually going to get his back to the mat, but it's still going to be a pass into the mount for Elijah Dorsy. He controlled the fight from the top position here. He is moving into the semi-finals where he's going to take on Mika Galva. This is the ADCC match that we didn't see. It was happening on the other side of the bracket. This is the only ADCC semi-finalist from 2024 that Mika has yet to face. So, I think it's a very interesting fight for these two to take each other on. Remember, he's beaten guys like Dante, he's beaten guys like JT, he's beaten guys like Mickey Ryan, and now he picks up the win over Rafael Paganini. Elijah Dorsey is a force to be reckoned with, not just the 185 pound class, but any bracket he gets into. We're going to be back soon here. Happy birthday. [Applause] stars. [Music] Guys, we are back here at BJ Stars 15. The middleweight Grand Prix is almost complete. We have one more quarterfinal going on. is going to be a rematch of a WO match where Oliver Taza is going to take on Jonah Gracie. Gracie ranked number two in the world. Oliver Taza also ranked in the world. These guys are two of the best in any weight that they ever compete at. Cannot wait to have them on the mat here. Winner is going to take on uh Roberto Jimenez in a huge semifinal. Jonatas, he's coming in right now. Big dog Oliver Taza coming to the mat. The new wave product, the John Donna, her disciple who has had a really underrated career where he has picked up some enormous wins in ABC so many times at this point. One of the best leg lockers in the division. Tough tough guy. Really known for his escapes, known for some of his grappling creativity. Great being able to pull in the legs. We saw ADCC where he was able to tap out for him. Our ADCC champion Davi Hamos with an incredible knee bar. And uh Oliver is really just an underrated guy in terms of what he's able to offer at the top level. I think that he is a danger to absolutely everybody, but he has a really really tough match up here for him tonight. Not just in terms of stature, but I also think stylistically. Jonas Gracie, his pressure passing, his power, his just physical presence is so much so difficult for so many of these guys to deal with. Uh he has a really crazy story where he had to really pull himself up out of some really tough times. He started to find out a little bit more about that last year. Uh and this guy has really worked hard. Now he's out representing AOJ from Costa Mesa, California working every day with some very very tough guys like Faburi, like some more guys that are out there. Felipe Andrew for example. Uh he is someone who brings really strong wrestling, really strong top game, really strong everywhere. He's won a lot of really big tournaments. has beaten a lot of big names doing it. This is a guy that is one of the favorites to win this tournament for a reason. [Music] Bamut. Let's see it. I believe I'm interested to see what the strategies are going to be for both these guys because both these guys are able to get it done everywhere. I feel like Taza a little bit more known as a guard puller and a leg locker and you do see that early. He's going to take a nice good attempt at that leg early trying to find some way into some kind of entanglement. If he's able to get there, he can finish the show on anybody in the world. He's absolutely a killer when he gets to those clock positions. And something I like about him is he's really leveled up his wrestling over the years as well, right? Jonotus does have very strong wrestling. Uh he has very strong everything because he's a very strong person. Uh but Oliver has really developed his wrestling uh over the last few years and that combined with his guard play has made him a very very dangerous person to deal with. Jonatas of course very dangerous person to deal with. The WNO middleweight champion making his way on top here working from this leg drag position. He's pretty safe here as they start to reset everything into the center. Like we were talking about earlier, it's pretty much impossible to fully reset a position exactly how it was. Somebody's always going to win and lose the reset. You usually figure that out pretty early. It looks like Taza did a good job of being able to get his hips back into the equation here and start to frame away. But Gracie still on top, still able to lock down. When you see this guy up close, the back muscles on this guy looks like a Ninja Turtle. It's unbelievable. Uh he's absolutely yolked. He's got muscles in places I don't even have places. But Taza doing a good job of starting to work his way underneath now. There's definitely some danger in these kind of positions when you get in here with Oliver Taza. See Oliver starting to control both legs actually even though he doesn't really have a good lock with his own legs. One of his arms is scooping an ankle. One of the other arms is framing on that far leg. So, there are going to be some options here for him if he can just kind of kip his hips free and start to make something happen there. Pulls that leg across. There's almost like a a very modified reverse close guard. Jonatas doing a lot to just kind of hold on, maybe drain the position as Oliver is able to finally square back up. deep under hook with that left arm from Gracie. You don't see that very often in Noi. It's a very common ghee tactic. Uh almost like an over under pass, but it's a little bit less common to see that here in the ghee. But he he has such a background in Nogi and he has such physical power, he's able to make a lot of those things happen as he starts to push through the guard and settle his way into it. Now he's got a good body lock. Once he connects his hands, and he just unlocked, but I think he just reconnected actually. Uh once he connects his hands, very difficult to deal with this. Jonatas has won 34 of his last 36 matches. Uh as we cut over to Victor Dory and the boys for a second. Uh and he earns his way to a very strong pinning position where Oliver is going to have to carry his weight. Here's where the strategy comes in. Wow, great reversal from Oliver. Taza, like we talked about, his escaping ability, man. You know, Jonotus is going to be looking back at the film and wondering, man, should I park there for 30 seconds until the points came in and then tried to make my move for the pass, but uh he was trying to just make it happen. Got to respect it. They get their way back up to the feet. You saw Oliver give him a little smile. I think that's almost to say like, "Hey man, I escaped out of a bad You thought you were going to pin me for a long time there. Uh but I was able to get out." Now they're wrestling. 30 3:30 on the clock. That means points are active. That means neither man is going to be able to pull without a penalty. If they're able to shoot their way into a take down and then pull, then it can start to be a kind of a thing. But, uh, I think this one's going to have to be decided here on the feet because I also really, you know, the action that's happened so far is definitely for Jonatas, but uh, not overwhelmingly. So, Oliver is definitely in this match right now and a couple good exchanges can put him in the lead. Throw by attempt for Jonah Tus, but both guys staying at a far distance. Good blast double from Taza. Meets the heavy hips of Jonatus who digs in an underhook and tries to throw it by. They go off the [Music] mat. Gracie has the front headlock. I don't know if they're going to let him have that when they come back, but good action from both men. That was Taza shooting. That was Jonatus re-shooting through with that knee tap. Not able to make it happen. We reset totally. Taza of that new wave program. Usually that means strong under hooks, a lot of foot sweeps, very heavy collar ties, trying to pull the person's head down to exhaust them as early as possible. Right. Shooting in. If Taza wants to pull now, he would be allowed to under ADCC rules without uh getting a negative. But Gracie deep in this sprawl, hips on the mat. And Gracie dangerous from the front headlock. So Taza can't hang out here and just expect everything to be totally fine. Even though both arms are inside the lock, so it's unlikely there's submission danger. Now, that can change pretty quick. And this is definitely a position where he's carrying a very heavy 83 kilo guy. [Music] Winner of this match going to take on Roberto Jimenez here later tonight on Flow Grappling. If you're on the YouTube stream, we're going to be ending the match stream soon. Uh make your way over to Flow Grappling if you want to see everything else that's going on for uh even in Brazil. Everything is exclusively on flow grappling now as part of our new deal. Uh so really excited to see you guys over there. We're going to have the semi-finals and finals this bracket. We're going to have all the big major key super matches as you see Gracie get his way to top position looking for the submission once he gets his hands locked. It is a tough tough thing to deal with but not able to. You see the pressure starting to come back in from Jonatas as he starts to impose himself on this match. I think Taza needs to open and make something happen if he wants to win this. Otherwise, it's definitely going to be a Jonatus uh victory on the decision. Taza needs something that's going to change up pace and tenor of this match. Hey resetting back to the center. 30 seconds left. Both men tired. Been a difficult match. Taza wants the pace. He's the first one back to the center. Gracie thumb posted in the in the open guard, not not opening up too much. Uh and Taza not happy about that. So, it is going to be a little interesting to see how the referees and judges ultimately view this. I think Jonas probably did the majority of the best work, uh, but definitely took his foot off the gas late. And so I think that that is going to be something to watch when we hit the judges. Uh Oliver is kind of pleading his case right now. You can see uh but I don't know. It comes down to what were you able to effectively do? Winner going to take on Roberto? Uh uh let's see what the judges decide. Difficult outing for both men. You can see a lot of improvement in Taza's game. Uh because when they took each other on at who's number one, it was not as This is a very narrow match. It was not as narrow then. He's narrowed that gap, right? And so I think that uh that's really a credit to Taza and how much he continues to evolve, put in that hard work. One of the most hardworking guys that I ever see when I'm bouncing gym to gym. Uh absolutely a stud. Jonah Tus also absolutely a physical specimen, great jiu-jitsu, has won 34 of his last 36 matches like we talked about or who's number one middleweight champion looking to add a BJ Stars title to that and pick up some enormous wins if he's able to get there. Coming back to the center. Let's see what we get. Oliver Taza. Wow. And it is Oliver Taza picking up the upset decision win over Jonatus Gracie, the who's number one champion here in the first round of BJJ Stars 15. That is the upset of the first round. It was his guard play. It was his initiations that they liked a little bit more. Jonotest didn't do himself any favors late there. Holding on, holding on, holding on. So, it's ultimately going to be Taza getting the win after a lot of great work from Gracie as well. He's got every right to feel like he did a lot of great stuff in that fight. Let's take a look through this. There you see the single leg. Taza trying to counter his way into that same role that he hit on uh Hamos. Not able to get it done. Gracie able to wrestle him down, able to pin him down, able to use a lot of pressure over a long period of time, but ultimately wasn't able to do anything with those positions submission wise. Here you see him going off the mat after Taza's big big double leg there to initiate things and get things started there. It was just a lot of back and forth on this match. Uh Taza in on the legs there again. He was the one shooting I felt like a little bit more especially later into the match once the points got going. Maybe that was very important to things. But uh ultimately that's how things go here tonight. So it's going to be Mika Galva taking on Elijah Dorsy is going to be Oliver Taza taking on Roberto Jimenez in the next round. I don't believe either of those pairings have ever fought before. So that's the first time ever for both of them. Going to be super exciting. We're going to be back here.