Kind: captions Language: en as well as uh nearly half a dozen super fights here with some of the best ghee athletes in the world. Joe, what are you looking forward to tonight? &gt;&gt; It's going to be an incredible night. It's always an incredible night with BJ Stars, the biggest superfight show in Brazil. I'm mostly looking forward to this NOI Grand Prix. I think these Nogi Grand Prix all year have been producing some incredible action. We've seen guys like uh Mika's run comes to mind, right, in the incredible run that he had earlier this year at 185 pounds. Now we're bringing it down to 70 kilos, 155 pounds. Some of the best around Brazil, some of the best from South America are going to do battle. I'm really, really excited. There's gonna be some awesome, awesome Geese super fights. Cory, man, we got guys like Meum in this bracket. We got guys like Gabriel Souza in this bracket. Who's standing out in this bracket to you? I think we have to kick this off with with Maya Machin, the two time I world champion. We don't see much of him in NOI. He's really kind of well known for his uh his explosive and energetic ghee style, but in the couple times he's competed in Nogi along his career, he's excelled. He has a submission win over Fabricio Andre. So, I'm excited to see what his judo and his movement style look like uh in a really decorated NOGI bracket. &gt;&gt; I'm super excited to see how Gabriel Souza looks tonight. I think Gabriel Soua ADCC medalist and 80C finalist has looked incredible in the past. I think he had a little bit of a rough stretch there through 2024. I think in 2025 he's looked a lot better. He started to put together some really solid wins. Beat guys like Josh. He had an awesome performance at Polaris just a few weeks ago. I think it might have been last weekend actually. So, he's been very, very active, very successful. had some awesome awesome performances and submissions there at the Polaris event. So, I'm really really excited to see how Gabriel Souza does in this. I think he's going to be the guy to to lead this pack and be the favorite heading in as we get ready for this big bracket. &gt;&gt; One athlete we've got our eyes on is Khalibi Pereira, the 17-year-old fighting out of Melki Galva, but with a already kind of decorated hit list. He had two phenomenal runs at the South American trials back in 2020 uh 2024 on the road up to ADCC. um and has proven that he can be somebody that takes out top names in this bracket. &gt;&gt; 100%. I know that we're going to get started here really soon. I'm really excited for that. But KBI obviously a killer down from Manouse, one of those really tough kids that's coming out and really making his name and making his uh uh path forward as we see the fighters from tonight all making their path forward. A lot of elite talent from around the region, from around the country, all making their way out. There's a lot of pride on the line here at BJ Stars, uh, along with everything else, the prize money, the championship belt. Uh, so I'm really excited to see how a guy like KBI is able to answer the moment, right? There's a little bit of pressure. There's a little bit of importance. How does that factor into his performance? Of course, BJ Stars tonight also going to include uh several super fights. One that I'm really looking forward to is Felipe Andrew, the multiple time world champion, taking on the uh I guess he's no longer a rookie, but the young black belt in Leo Pera. to PJ Stars. PJ Stars is a statue. [Music] Jessica Alga Lucas Maya Julantes Nolan Stewart Diego Harrison Gabrielle Leonard Philipp You see everybody starting to embrace getting ready for their fights tonight. A lot of mutual respect here among For everybody joining us tonight on our YouTube live stream, we are going to be streaming the first five matches before sending everything to the site. So, if you are watching right now live on our YouTube stream, make sure you head over to our site for everything that's going on a little bit later here tonight. Uh uh it's going to be some incredible matches that includes some of the quarterfinal matches that people are going to see. Uh uh but if you want to see the finals, the semi-finals, some of the best action is gonna happen tonight, you need to make sure you head on over to flowgrappling.com and watch everything right there. The exclusive streaming home of BJ Stars. Future fighters choice belts sports instead. AtletJS confetti PJ Stars confetti soldiers. Jose Vtor, &gt;&gt; Jose Victor making his walk to the stage representing soldiers the uh the purple belt here. Relatively new purple belt. He had a successful run at at blue belt where he won a world title and has been a breakout star purple belt already. Jose has definitely established himself as one of the best young color belts I would say especially out of this program. Uh these are both guys who I believe came up through the confery system that BJ Stars puts on their free YouTube fight series. People can go take a look at that right now. Both these guys have really earned their way &gt;&gt; and his opponent Mike Gabrielle making the walk to the stage. Mon also a really decorated competitor as a blue belt al including &gt;&gt; the black panther. Look at this. &gt;&gt; Yeah, look at that. What a walk out here for my Gabrielle who is a double gold winner at the 2025 Brazil blue belt as well as the uh the champion at the European &gt;&gt; the European Championships as well. Yeah, 100%. You can see why they call this guy the Black Panther, right? He has really embraced that moniker, embraced that as a personality, as a gimmick. This guy has been undefeated as a color belt as far as I could tell &gt;&gt; and he's coming out to put on a show. This to me says that this guy is really really confident that he's about to come out here and do something awesome. I've seen this guy fight in person. It's big judo. It's big crazy takedowns. &gt;&gt; Uh it's kind of almost like a Muhammad Ali type of style. You know what I mean? Just getting some of those crazy big uh uh exchanges. I'm really excited to see what this guy's going to do, especially after that awesome walk out. Let's see what gets going. Mon it was he was kind of the guy to watch at blue belt especially because double gold double gold here he gets his purple belt right before worlds. He wasn't able to do the world championships so they just promoted him right ahead of time. So he really didn't get a chance to go up against some of those best blue belts in the world like Jose did. And I think that tonight is going to be a really really big uh opportunity for him. &gt;&gt; Hoping to see a standing exchange here as we get started but my takes a shot right off the bat here chasing it down. Big amplitude. &gt;&gt; Oh, but Jos Victor gives it right back. He wrestles into the position and now he's working his passing. Mean may have come out a little too hot there and it's Jose taking advantage early here for those two points. &gt;&gt; Jose picks up the two there and gets his head inside looking to pass the guard right away. Seeing some good guard work here from I love having to see this. I love having to see Meon. I really haven't seen him pushed. I really haven't seen him uh have to come back in a lot of these matches. So seeing this early on, I like that we're going to have to see from a mental standpoint. What's he dealing with? &gt;&gt; Jose's got the crazy dog grips here right now. He's got my uh drawn out already putting some pressure down. Looking to camp this position out just a bit. &gt;&gt; With the dead pass, he may settle in for points here. &gt;&gt; This is incredibly impressive from Jos Victor. I knew that he was tough. I didn't know that he was going to come out here and in the first minute be he put together this kind of performance. He is up 5 nothing as the underdog coming out here and making a statement early. He still has a lot of work to do. There's still a ton of time left on the clock. This is very very impressive work from Jose Victor early on. &gt;&gt; Jose's got that high collar grip already. He's looking to transition north south. Wonder what he's looking to set up here. &gt;&gt; Step over. Yeah. Mike doing a good job of escaping here. Looks like he's going to return to his guard, but once again on that cross pank grip. &gt;&gt; I think he needs to get up. I think he needs to Exactly. He needs to make his way up and just reset this fight from the feet. This is where he is the best when he's able to chain his takedowns into attacks on the ground. Good ankle pick opportunity there for him. [Applause] And you notice, man, it was a little bit of speed off that, right? He had he got cooked a little bit under there a and now a little bit of the explosion is going to be less so than it was. This is really good news for Jose as he continues to move forward in this fight. But that little ankle pick is just a little slower, a little more uh labored than it otherwise was right at the beginning of the match. We saw him so energetic, so ready to go. It makes me wonder, Cory, maybe there was an adrenaline dump here. It seems like there was at least a little bit of exhaustion here as Micron is locked horns here with Jose Victor. Certainly not the space he might want to be. Seems like he he's looking to be a little more upright. Uh finding opportunities to use throws to shoot on those legs. &gt;&gt; Jose doing a great job standing in front, keeping his forehead to forehead here and perhaps forcing Monda to think about pulling guard. Man, five points is a lot to make up. That's a lot to make up. That that basically says to me that Mon is either going to have to secure the submission or he's going to have to find his way to the back, right? One of those two things is going to have to happen if he wants to win this match. Neither of those things are impossible, but you see the referee already getting on him about potential stall. Uh uh something to point out here early, these are IBJJF rules, but they're slightly modified. Uh, one way in which they are modified is that there is one fewer stalling penalty. There's no free stalling call. There's no free penalty call where it doesn't show up on the scoreboard. It's going to show up a little bit quicker here in terms of disqualifications, further points. You see advantages come out on the board right now. That's a little early if you're used to IBJJF work, but that's going to be a change for every match here tonight. &gt;&gt; Back on back to the collar and sleeve here, but we're still headtohead. Not a lot going to happen here in this position. We're going to need a little bit of a change of angle from either of these athletes to get something going to the mat. &gt;&gt; I think Mon that, you know, early on that was not what he expected. He came out with a lot of fire. He's trying to catch his breath and catch his energy and get his arms really feeling that pop again. Uh uh even there you see is, you know, just a little bit of a step out. It's going to take a little bit more engagement to bring that engagement back to him. &gt;&gt; There you see a second stall call. I love that we're getting the early calls, right? And these guys are not going to be given the opportunity to not put on a show. You're here, you're at a big professional event, you're going to be forced to put on a show. Both these guys have their back up against. Let's see what they come out with now. And here's Mecon answering the bell with a big double leg immediately. It's important to note here that we are on uh the final penalty. So, with three minutes left in this match, another penalty is a double disqualification. Both of these athletes need to make something happen. And we're seeing some seemingly desperate shots from MON. But Jose makes a counter attempt here. Snatches up a single. Let's see if he can score with it. Big club to the head. &gt;&gt; It looks like they did not give Mon a second penalty. So right now it is just Jose. Oh no, there it comes. So now it's Jose back on top and really imposing himself. That's a big big impactful takedown. Not just for the technique, not just for the score, but but but for the momentum and for the mentality of this match. Is that going to be the nail in the coffin? And if he gets this pass, that is going to be a nail in the coffin. Now we're talking about can he finish by submission. &gt;&gt; Jose Victor is putting on a show here with this kind of performance. Lighting up the scoreboard every which way. &gt;&gt; Jose Victor with another three points here is running away with this one. 14-2. Of course, those two points came by way of penalty. Looking to set up that Bravo grip, which is really, you talked about the nail in the coffin here. That grip is going to be very difficult for Micron to get anything going in this position. &gt;&gt; You can see Mumm up there in the uh in the background. Not not at this angle, but he's uh over there in the background going to compete here pretty soon himself. But he's shouting instructions to his boys, trying to get them going, trying to get the the feeling high. You see he's walking that arm up and now over into the mount. This is big big trouble. If that left foot comes out for Jose Victor, then I think he's going to be able to secure the submission considering the rest of the position. That left foot is super important right now for the defense of Mon. &gt;&gt; Nothing going on that Americana attempts, but an uh a strong statement there by Jo Jose Victor to remind Mike that Jose is dangerous from this position. &gt;&gt; Locking the arm over the head now too. And he'll settle in to mount for an additional four points. &gt;&gt; Seven. &gt;&gt; That's right. Seven points for the the pass as well. It's going to be 20. &gt;&gt; He's still got room to work. He's looking key locks, which usually means you don't want to risk too much, right? He still feels maybe a little bit of that pop and explosion from underneath, but you see Meon throwing his legs up. Uh that's usually a sign that you don't have a lot of other answers at the moment. &gt;&gt; With the arms pinned over the head, there's not a whole lot can do here from the bottom with the exception of some maybe desperation moves. Jose trying to finish the job here with the arm bars going belly down on it. &gt;&gt; Mon spins. &gt;&gt; We got 30 seconds left. Jose Victor is up by a truckload of points. This is basically submission only territory for Mon Gabriel. Let's see if he can make something happen or if Jose is going to be able to manage the last 30 seconds of this match, which he's largely dominated. &gt;&gt; If you're Mike here, this is an opportunity to make a statement and just &gt;&gt; get your pride back. 35 seconds you've got left on the mat. &gt;&gt; Get a little pride back. Give Give us You might not have won the match. Maybe you can get the best highlight. You know what I mean? Maybe you can get a sweet throw. [Music] [Applause] &gt;&gt; Now there are still 30 seconds on the clock. We are not out of double disqualification. &gt;&gt; I hadn't thought about that. Uh uh that would kind of be uh you know worst case scenario for Jose. That would be a a hood call from the referee. You see him kind of looking over to the side making sure. But that would definitely be an intense call as Mon decides better off just to pull the close guard and discretion will be the better part of Valor today. It is Jose Victor who is going to walk away with an incredible 21-2 victory here tonight. The takedowns, the passing, incredible work. Phenomenal uh outing from the Soldiers representative here. Uh 21-2 is not the type of margin we normally see on the BJ Star stage. Just looked a head and shoulders better than his opponent throughout the uh throughout the seven minutes. &gt;&gt; 100%. Mean came out with every intention of putting on a show, but it ended up being Jose's night. He ended up being the guy, even though he was the underdog who was able to come out and put together a really dominant performance. This is going to be big for him moving forward. There's a big statement made as we move into purple belt next year where these guys are going to see each other in those same brackets probably plenty of times. Uh man, he is fired up to get that win. Starting off BJJ Star 17 the right way. [Applause] [Music] Jose Victor takes the win here at BJJ Star 17. We're going to take a look at some of the several highlights from his performance in just a moment here. &gt;&gt; Man, it felt like Mong fell into a fell into a hole early and just, you know, tried to dig himself out here and there uh but just wasn't able to. There's a good example of, you know, one wrong exchange very early in a match can sometimes be the end jiu-jit jiu-jitsu because the way things can snowball and the way momentum can get away from you couple of couple of the toughest heavyweights that we have here at the purple belt division here. Now we're seeing finally some replays. This is that early passing exchange. This to me is where he really broke the match open and changed the dynamic of everything. Cory, talk to me about what you're seeing here. &gt;&gt; Yeah, this this deadlift off of the crazy dog grip is a really good way to uh just break through those defenses. And then when we got to standing, this is where we thought Mike might have the best advantage, but it was Jose that scored not one but two takedowns, which really earned him phenomenal control of the match. when it came into this these passing sequences, he was pretty dominant. But uh winning in this positions where we thought MON might have the biggest advantage is really what put Jose control throughout the entire match. &gt;&gt; Soldiers has one of the toughest teams in the world. It's not one of the biggest teams in the world certainly, but we consider their high-end talent and the level of training that these guys are receiving every day as color belts going with black belts like brothers, like Mumm. It's a really incredible room. You can see it paying off here with some incredible takedown skills, some incredible top work and kept chasing the submission. I love to see that from Jose. I thought this was just an incredible statement all the way around and he gets the well-deserved hand raise and one of the more dominant performances I've seen in a game match in BJW stars to be perfectly honest. Putting up 19 points on anybody, 21 when you consider the penalty is uh uh ostentatious. Man, Corey, that was an awesome match. Uh to everybody that's joining us on YouTube, we really appreciate that. That was just one match. We're going to have five free matches here on YouTube. After that, you got to head over to flowgrappling.com. Make sure you check everything out. There's going to be a lot a lot of awesome IBJJF style action, ADCC style action. Cory, super awesome first fight. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Coming up next, too, we have uh a multi a decorated black belt in Jessica &gt;&gt; against the super tough. We have an interview. Let's check it out. So, [Music] for Facebook. Okay, coming up next we have Jessica Carolinolini taking on the new black belt in Giovana Olivea. We will be right back at BJJ stars. [Music] be world. [Music] I own belts. Giovana Oliver. &gt;&gt; Giovana Olivera, the newly uh the newly crowned black belt fighting out of Almeida jiu-jitsu in a room where there are tons of really tough young female black belts and also a great coach in Bianca Basilio. &gt;&gt; Yeah, she really impressed me this year. She had an incredible 2025 season. Uh uh she was able to win the world championships, the pan championships, the Brazilos. She had an awesome awesome 2025. I'm really excited to see her get a chance to step up and elevate herself, take a shot against the upper level of this division. And when you talk about the upper level of this division, you're talking about girls like Jessica Caroline, who has always been a killer. She has wins over some of the best to ever do it. She's won major championships at this belt. I think there's going to be an awesome awesome test for Academy. Jessica Carolin, &gt;&gt; Jessica Carolini, the 2023 pan champion and European champion. She also won Euros in 2024. Jessica Karolini has been one of the toughest roosterweights on the scene in the last couple of years. has wins over Mais Bastos and several others. Um but has has been really tricky in her guard and her kind of aggressive passing style. Um she's of course willing to play that rooster weight back take game uh that we're so familiar with from the uh the lightweight women. Excited to see what she can do tonight. &gt;&gt; 100%. Jessica Karolini has always been a big dog in this division. So I'm really excited to see what she can bring to the table here. Uh uh seems like we might been having some issues with the video as they uh try to get that going. But &gt;&gt; just so everybody knows uh uh this is uh two of the best going on the I thought that all year Giovana was one of the top 10 women in the world at this weight class. She just happened to be a brown belt while she was doing it. Jessica Caroline is now getting her chance to uh uh put on a show here in the BJ Stars uh arena. Let's see what we got going. Close guard collar sleeve here from Jessica Karolini who's already uh having to deal with the strong posture of Giov Giovana Olivera who breaks it open gets her elbows inside. Looked for a moment at the beginning of the match to to try and find a double underpass. Let's see if she goes back to that strategy. &gt;&gt; I think it's a little bit of a mistake for Giovana to let Jessica get off one of those guard pulls that cleanly. You know what I And I think that, you know, you got to try to play the double pull game as annoying as it can be or you got to try to catch that coming in letting someone with as unpassable a guard as Jessica Caroline come in and get a free guard pull or now you're going to have to work against that potentially for seven minutes. It's difficult uh proposition. &gt;&gt; Jessica looking for that plat on her left side early. Let's see if she comes back to that as she's trying to find the space now behind Giovana's elbow. Notice that left-handed underhook grip, but the the right hand of Giovana is still caught up in a little bit of that lass. So you see it starting to weave underneath though. Definitely double unders is the way that she's looking to go. She's decided to go through the guard or around the guard. Not really the way for her. Let's try to go under the guard. &gt;&gt; There's the stack. Anytime you can get the toes to touch the mat, that's a sign that the stack pass is doing some really good work. So this is really encouraging if you're Giovana. into this leg drag variant. The sleeve right now is saving Jessica. That sleeve grip. Giovana in a in a strong position here to complete the pass if she can get her sleeve free. &gt;&gt; 100%. Look at the way she's using her right shin against the shin of her opponent to keep her pin in that position. You see Jessica getting her head away so she's not having to carry as much of that weight in the stack as she tries to retain her guard. But what that does is it creates a little bit of back exposure where Giovana can cut that angle fast enough. This is going to make the position real interesting. So, let's see what happens here. This there's a lot of options here from this deep stack position. &gt;&gt; One thing we know about these top flight rooster weights is just how flexible and dynamic they are. So, these positions that look like they might they might be quite uncomfortable. Uh somebody like Jessica Carolini has spent hours and hours fighting from this position. &gt;&gt; 100%. She's a pro at defending this position. Everything is about that sleeve right now of Giovana and she's doing a great job. She's got a great grip on the pants and she's looking to just slowly kind of spiderw walk that further and further away. This is a great start to the match for her. And can you imagine the statement made if she's able to pass a guard as legendarily unpassable as Jessica Karolini who I I don't remember if I've ever seen her get her guard passing competition. &gt;&gt; That's a better hand position there for Giovana who's looking to drag that that leg. Jessica doing a great job of making her right leg heavy, keeping those toes flat on the mat and uh able to save her guard that way at least momentarily. &gt;&gt; Man, look at the pressure that she is putting on that shin and Jessica keeping her legs straight. That is so much flexibility, dexterity, strength, and position, whatever you want to call it. It's just a lot of toughness as well. &gt;&gt; So much of this position, too, is about patience and not being the one to make the first uh the first choice here, right? Um, &gt;&gt; you try hard, you die hard sometimes. &gt;&gt; Yeah. If Giovana goes to finish the pass, she's giving everything up. If she goes for the back, she finishes. She gives everything up. But she's going to try and force Jessica to make that decision for her. &gt;&gt; 100%. There's also the uh ative nature of pressure that builds up like water over time will erode. Uh, this is all really good pressure that she's investing and that's just going to make everything as the match wears on easier and easier. First from a phys a physical standpoint because you're breathing harder, your muscles are working harder than your opponent. None of that's great. But then also from a mental Look at this. Look at this arm bar into the arm bar. She she's deep on this. There's the tap. That was incredible. &gt;&gt; Olive. &gt;&gt; We said it was a dynamic position. We weren't lying. Giovana Olivera just stunned Jessica Karolini with that position, with that performance from top, scoring the armbar in her rookie black belt year. That is a crazy result for her. &gt;&gt; And you know, looking at that position, we were thinking pass, we were thinking back take. I don't know about you, Joe, I was not thinking armbar, though there. &gt;&gt; That was not really on my menu either. That was awesome from the young competitor. That was from team Almeida. Team Almeida is so stacked with these young female prospects. You see them in the crowd getting hyped, getting nuts. That's one of the best parts of BJ Stars is everybody has their people right there on the top of the mats. What a performance. Giovana Oliver. [Applause] &gt;&gt; That's a sign of things to come, I think, for the upcoming IBJF season. We have a new breakout star in a division full of breakout stars in the female roosterweight division. &gt;&gt; Man, her and her and a Faggra sister are going to have to see battle at some point, right? Her andra sister are going to have to do battle at some point, right? &gt;&gt; Uh I'm definitely really excited to see that. That was an awesome awesome performance. Like you said, just think of how much uh confidence and momentum that's going to give her as she starts getting ready for Euros, Brazil, Euros, Pans, and eventually worlds. &gt;&gt; Every athlete here tonight receiving the BJJ stars trophy. Every athlete here tonight is a BJJ star, of course. And Gia Vana Olivera just scored our first submission of the evening. Man, that was something. I really want to see a replay. &gt;&gt; Saw a lot of good stacking work here early. Cory, talk to me about what you're seeing. The patience in this position is really the key to this. I think if if Giovana has settled to try something here any earlier, she would have lost everything. But just remained patient, kept fighting for that hand. And uh in a moment here, we'll see the way she cut the angles to the arm bar, but just the pressure and the patience in the stack is really what brought the whole thing down. &gt;&gt; Man, she didn't give Jessica a look in. And then you see she starts to tip her over. She steps over and captures the elbow. From there, she's able to extend. And she is looking at the refere referee already. She knows she has that locked in, ready to go. That is the biggest win of her career by far. It comes tonight on BJ Stars 17. The future is so bright for Giovana Olivera. Incredible finish. That's one of the craziest stars I've seen in a minute. &gt;&gt; That entire match really came down to the hand fight, right? Uh Jessica was saving herself by fighting with her right hand and keeping Giovana's arm trapped. But live by the arm, die by the arm. &gt;&gt; There you go. And we also talked about how both of these women did not want to be the first one to have to move out of that position, right? And it felt like ultimately Jessica with the clock moving against her. So much pressure in the position being so deep that ultimately she did have to uh uh bail from that position in the bailing. She leaves the arm out and there's the finish. &gt;&gt; Huge momentum for Giovana Olivea in her uh I don't know if this is her debut per se, but it's for sure her her uh biggest match so far at Black Ball. &gt;&gt; 100%. No question about it. Let's hear from her. Please say I want [Music] Foreigne speech. [Music] Kevin, [Music] Giovana Olivera. has her eyes set asking for a rematch with A-Rod among others. We will be right back with the start of our Grand Prix. Here is our bracket for BJ Star 17's 50 kilogram Grand Prix. Just a reminder for everybody watching on uh YouTube and live to social that we are going to be showing the semi-finals and the finals exclusively on Flow Grappling. We have three more matches that we're going to show live to social before everything moves over to the site. So keep that in mind. Make sure you get over to flowgrappling.com to watch everything else that's going to happen tonight. &gt;&gt; Cory, what what match on here first round is really sticking out to you? &gt;&gt; Clever Barbosa versus Gabriel Souza, which I think we might agile young [Music] Barbosa. Just like you said, uh, Cory, here is Clever. I think Clever is one of these really unknown, hungry young guys. Uh, just a couple years in black. He's had some really good results. He's a little small. I think he's going to have to answer some questions about his strength in this match against especially a guy who's just yolked up as Gabriel Souza is, but he's super tough and super dangerous. He has wins over guys like Jaylen Fasier, who just won a black belt world championship this year. He is definitely definitely worthy of being in this bracket and I'm really excited to see what he gets to do with this opportunity here tonight. [Music] &gt;&gt; Clever training out here in San Antonio and we've got quite a few opportunities to watch him compete. He's competing every weekend at local shows and always just a thrill to watch. Same can be said about Gabriel Sza who is remember the 2022 ADCC silver medalist and an absolute firecracker. Uh Gabriel Souza has some of the best uh the best wrestling in the business among the 70 kg guys. Incredible wrestling, great top game, even a really really good guard. This is a guy who's able to get it done everywhere. He's won a bunch of tournaments in the past. For my money, he's the favorite coming in just because of his NOI experience and all the big wins that he's had there. But by no means is it going to be easy as we get everything started here for our Grand Prix. Reminder for everyone, these are ADC ADCC style rules with some light modifications. We'll get into those if we need to, but for the most part, ADCC style rules. Gabriel Souza, the only officially world ranked opponent uh in this uh uh bracket tonight. I believe he comes in as number seven at 155 pounds uh which is what the weight class is here tonight. Big jumping guard pull from Gabriel Souza. We talked about his wrestling, but he gets down with the guard pull early on. I think that's very interesting for him to pull close guard. I'm not used to him doing that. &gt;&gt; We're already uh yeah, they're already getting on him in the first 30 seconds. We're seeing uh both these guys kind of trying to uh or the referees starting to get on Clever for the inactivity, wanting him to open up from this closed guard and move around. I think Gabriel really wants to come out here and sprint and try to find something early on as he starts throwing up this leg lock. &gt;&gt; Clever back stepping, looking to get out, but Gabriel wrestles up on it. Nothing doing. And this is what Gabriel will do sometimes. He'll pull guard and and use the threat of the leg locks and the back takes to wrestle up. And here he's super strong. &gt;&gt; Deep drag attempt. And he is going to score this as a back take and end up at least looking on the back. Clever giving a gator roll trying to get out. Now remember we are in a modified ADCC rule set. That means the first half of the match there are no points uh no points scored. &gt;&gt; I think the one of the modifications tonight is I think they are giving points in the first half. Uh uh uh and that is to try to encourage guys to get out there a little bit earlier and try to get after it. Usually under ADCC style rules that would not be the case. Here tonight we are allowing it. stay corrected. And there are the two points for Gabriel Souza for scoring that takedown, which could have been a back take. &gt;&gt; Could have been a back take. &gt;&gt; Now it's Clever's turn to work from his guard. As you see the pressure coming on from top position by Gabriel Souza, leaning the hip in, putting the head overhead, back stepping, and now trying to wrestle into this front headlock cradle. &gt;&gt; Beautiful chain wrestling here from Gabriel Suzie. He works from the front headlock to the legs. puts him right back down. He's all over this guy right now. &gt;&gt; His fluidity between guard work and back take attempts and wrestle ups down into a leg lock. Gabriel just seems to be uh a little bit faster to pull the trigger and there are no seams in his movement. &gt;&gt; Leg lock attempt now. &gt;&gt; Another two points for Gabriel Suzon that take down when they came back up and he put him back down. They're considering that another taked down. Or I guess they're not now back there. He doesn't not have a Zlock, but I don't know if he's going to be able to get the Zlock, but he does have a good bite here on this outside heel hook, &gt;&gt; but Clever rolls and Clever's able to escape. &gt;&gt; Gabriel is doing a great job. Sprawl to the back. Pull guard. Go to the back. Go to the back. &gt;&gt; I feel like he wanted to come out here and potentially even get like an earlier submission. You know what I mean? try to get off the mat a little bit early. Uh uh considering that he's going to have multiple matches tonight. He's going to have may potentially second round is what the bracket looks like. Uh so I wouldn't be surprised if he wanted to come out here and really see if he could put this put this away early, but uh it doesn't look like that. Clever's too tough for that. &gt;&gt; Among the men in this eightman Grand Prix, Gabriel Souza is the veteran and the senior at 28 years old. most of these uh competitors in their early 20s or even in the teens as we'll see later tonight. But Gabriel definitely showing his vetery in this bracket so far in this matchup. &gt;&gt; Yeah, don't tell me that. Don't tell me he's the oldest guy in this bracket at 28. Don't make me feel old. &gt;&gt; He's got that inside camping position there for a second, that hip sprawl on the inside. &gt;&gt; Now, one thing about Clever is he's always sharp. He's got those really like sniperlike attacks from his guard. Kind of a no arm triangle. Oh, yeah. Nothing to it. &gt;&gt; Man, I feel like the way jiu-jitsu is evolving these days, some of these moves that I used to consider junk, like a no arm triangle, I kind of have to start respecting a little bit more because these guys have just been working in the gym, trying to specialize these things and they figure out a way to make them work. I got to respect everything these days. &gt;&gt; You hear about it referred every once in a while to as jiu-jitsu technology, which always makes me laugh, but it's true. There are little tiny fixes that can make those seemingly ridiculous submissions very credible. &gt;&gt; Oo, a little bit of good technology there from Gabriel Souza as he gets to that side position. Manages to pass all the way to side control. That was great leg pummeling from him and good opportunistic passing as he adds three more to his total. &gt;&gt; That's a mean cross face he's got there on that left shoulder. climbing the arm up. &gt;&gt; North south. He's shown a good north south before needing it to take the back. He's he'll truck roll. He'll come back up. Clever scrambling out, but Gabriel still getting the better of that exchange. &gt;&gt; Here you see that smashing top pressure. One of the reasons that Gabriel is so comfortable pulling guard is he understands that as long as he can get on top in any way, he's going to be able to blow most matches wide open. And he's shown that under multiple different rule sets in the ghee, out of the ghee, IBJJF, BJJ stars, uh, uh, ADCC, ADXC. He has had success basically everywhere he's gone. &gt;&gt; We're look at we're looking at the early signs of perhaps an arm triangle here, but Gabriel instead decides to use to take the back. I can't see where his right foot is, but it looks like there may be four more points coming on. &gt;&gt; Right foot's inside. This is scoring criteria. &gt;&gt; I think he just got out of scoring criteria, but I think he was in it for long enough that they're going to give it up, but he goes right back in. And now it's just going to be a matter of is he able to lock up this submission? Those strong strong anaconda arms. And Gabriel Souza, if they lock around the neck, it is going to be an issue. &gt;&gt; And we've seen him fight in this position before. He's a bully. when he gets to the back, he'll he'll smother his face. He'll punch across the jaw. He's not nice in this position, &gt;&gt; which is weird cuz he's a pretty nice guy most of the time. Like anytime I've dealt with him, he seems pretty okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah, but he he's definitely a guy who Yeah. He throws on the the wrist lock from the the opportunity from the angle you didn't see coming. There's the arm starting to get under, right? &gt;&gt; Just patient. Just a veteran. You know, he's got the the arm under the throat, but not rushing it. still kind of playing calm and calculated. 30 seconds left in this match. Gabriel seems pretty confident he'll get the finish here. Clever hanging on to the hand for uh for life, but Gab all Gabriel Suza so far in this match up. &gt;&gt; So, something I want to point out here, maybe this will come up later tonight, but just keep a lookout in pro matches. A lot of guys once they get that body triangle are no longer using a control arm like a seat belt grip where one arm is under the shoulder. They go with both arms over the shoulder so they're both choke threats at the same time. I think that's very interesting. Gabriel putting on a final squeeze with 8 seconds left and the hand comes up and the tap goes down. Gabriel Souza wins by submission. 4 seconds left on the clock and will advance in this 70 kilo Grand Prix. Veteran dominant performance here from Gabriel Souza. &gt;&gt; That man looks ready to win a bracket here tonight. He looked awesome from all positions, the guard, the wrestling, the top work. Eventually finishing with a submission. That was a vintage performance from Gabriel Souza here to open up our Grand Prix at BJ Star 17. Gabrielle Sosa. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Gabriel Sza takes the victory. Ver naked choke in the waning seconds of the match here. Looked phenomenal through his kind of just fluency, fluidity through positions. Working through the back, working to mount, showing off his takedowns and his sweeping ability. We'll see how that sustains through the rest of this bracket. We'll be right back with more from the 70 kg Grand Prix of BG Star 17. Let's take a look at some of these replays. Actually, uh here you see one of these early wrestling exchanges from Gabriel Souza using his ADCC vetery to uh stay on top and continue wrestling even as they start getting a little bit to the edge. There's no safety there. And here you see him just once he got to a good position, that momentum only started kicking up and up and up. The the wheel only turns in one direction. And from there, you see another taked down getting at it. It was a an awesome awesome display of what Gabriel Seuss is able to do out there on the mats. You thought there was going to be a Z-lock for a second. This is the closest they got to a submission before he got to the back. And an awesome awesome outside heel hook attempt uh uh as he was working low, working high. Just looking to really kind of show off here. And there's that pass that I think really opened everything up and really started the beginning of the end in a lot of ways. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we just really got to see a lot of Gabriel Souza. We got to see his guard. We got to see his passing. We got to see those those leg locks and wrestling. uh really impressed with the way he mixed it up and just kind of outpaced Cleber throughout the whole match. &gt;&gt; He will move on. He will face the winner of Maym and Jonatuff for Zho. I believe that match is coming up next if he meets Maym in the semi-finals. That is going to be an awesome awesome. We'll be back. [Music] grappling, [Music] &gt;&gt; the Argentinian black belt. Uh Lucas KTO making his walk to the mat. KTO's been kind of making a name for himself on the Aiga stage. uh and has been really kind of excelling for silver at the bronze ni and also he took a bronze medal at the European NOI this year. Definitely. This is a super tough guy who I feel like uh guys behind the scenes, guys who are working in media have seen this guy toiling, seen this guy putting in work, getting some good results and never quite breaking through. Tonight's a huge opportunity in his career. I think the biggest opportunity he's had yet to be perfectly honest and he has no easy task. Takes on ABC veteran rather. [Music] Huan Alvaranga has quite the hype to his name and he's been really a standout black belt but hasn't had a very active black belt in the last five years. Hasn't competed a ton but has always excelled on the competition stage when he does 100%. He's been kind of making his name not making his name but keeping himself busy in the ADXC scene keeping busy as a super fight champion over there tonight. He's getting a lot of matches at once. I'm really happy about that. He's a guy who's trained extensively with guys like Marcelo Garcia. He has competed the highest levels of the sport, including performance of the ACC World Championships before. Now he takes on the Argentinian black belt in the first round of the BJS Stars Grand Prix. &gt;&gt; KTO sits right to guard here. We get things going. &gt;&gt; KTO definitely a dynamic leg locker. You see Puan really getting low early trying to smash on top of this leg entanglement. This is one of the uh strategies that people use. Good limp leg there. Man, good inversion. This is a deep bite by Lucas Kto as he gets all the way into this outside Ashi. Now he's doing a little bit of work to try to pull it back in. Nothing doing. Good entanglement early though from KTO here in this Grand Prix. Even though points are active the whole time, these guys are still allowed to pull guard in this first half. Alvaranga looking not once but twice at the row drag. Seems like everybody who runs into Dante Leon during their career develops a row drag. &gt;&gt; They keep getting hit with it and they're like, "Damn, this thing's really solid." Yeah, that row drag is just that little farm action that guys are doing to punch in that under hook after punching away the frame. It's kind of a two-stage quick little pump. There it is. &gt;&gt; Uh but but you know, as guys get better at it, guys get better at defending it. Always a cycle. This match may kind of boil down to can Lucas KTO get to the legs or can Alvaranga get past the guard. I think they're both kind of where they want to be in this match as far as Kanto prefers to play off his back, likes to look at leg locks and Alvarena for most of what we see have seen from him generally prefers to pass the guard. &gt;&gt; He generally does and he generally prefers to work out of that split squad. He's had really good success with that in the past. I would point out for example a match at Nogi Brazilos where he submitted for Bruceio Andre before working from top and passing in a very similar way. Was able to drag, get to an arm triangle, get the tap there. Awesome win. Uh but here Lucas KTO is showing a really good ability to constantly keep those frames off. Look at the left hand and the work that it's doing to be able to get everything going. Uh so may need a little bit of a change up from the split squat considering how comfortable Lucas Kto is there. You see him again starting to build into that left leg or into that far leg. &gt;&gt; Back to a neutral position here. Let's see if we change the strategy. KTO very clearly showing his hand in attacking the legs not once there but twice. &gt;&gt; Big time. He likes getting to that reverse to Eliva getting to the legs. And there you see a far side pass from Huon. I think that was genius work and that was very reminiscent actually of a little bit Marcelo Garcia style. Right. Smash left, smash left, smash left, loose pass right. switching up the pace, switching up the angle, and trying to get a little bit of a a change up here to get past uh KTO's savvy guard. But as long as we're stuck here, I think it's going to be hard. You see Huan is deciding instead of going into the legs and trying to even put pressure there, which I feel like KTO is really good at absorbing. He's trying to kind of jump over the top if he can't rout, he's looking to get to like almost a front headlock and get something going there. But now we're seeing a little more pressure. Now we're seeing a little bit more chest to chest and better position for Huan Alvaranga as he starts to look to really put the smash down. &gt;&gt; Great job of KTO to pummel that left leg through and find his way now just out of passing danger back into another leg entry. &gt;&gt; That's the trick, man. If you're going to be a guard player at the highest levels, it is not enough to retain your guard. There are a million guys out there who can retain their guard. Can you retain your guard into offense? Can you pummel your legs back as they put the pass on you in a meaningful way that's going to enter into a leg or enter into some kind of really advantageous position or get you into a sweep? Because if the best you can do is get yourself back to a neutral position, it's going to be a top players game. Speaking of top players game, there's another big passing opportunity from Huan Alvaranga. And Cory, look at the time. I don't think that's by mistake either. &gt;&gt; Talking about the kind of dynamic switch up. Alvarena coming in with pressure for three and a half minutes and then deciding to kind of loosen everything up and disappear past the guard. Doesn't quite score the pass there, but best opportunity of the match for Huan Alvaranga who is now looking to settle in on a pass. Double unders had a moment momentary look at the back there as well. &gt;&gt; Yes, he did. And that started right as uh uh points were starting to traditional points were starting to come in. Uh, I know that we're we're counting points all night long here, but I always notice these ADCC guys, they have just such a habit of kicking it up right as soon as the halfway point of the match starts. &gt;&gt; Now, I feel like it's on KTO. He's got to open up and he's got to be bringing it a little bit more to make sure that he has that. That was a really, really good look from Huan on top. Uh, and now I think the ball is back in KTO's court to be able to answer back and put some danger on top of Alvarena. Momentum certainly seems to be working in Alvar Alvaringa's favor at this point. The pressure is coming on. The leg locks don't seem to be working just yet for Ko. Do you think it's time for him to switch up his strategy here a little bit? &gt;&gt; 100%. You got to start to at least give an upper body attack. Right. How many of these elite leg lockers as he looks to the pass again? How many of these leg elite leg lockers truly elite leg lockers have a really sick choy bar or have a really good triangle? You know what I mean? or have something to the up like good guillotine something they can go to uh uh above the waist uh because man why you going to ignore 50% of the human body right just works in the other way uh uh so I'm not seeing that I'm just seeing a lot of framing and then looking for the legs so hopefully he can diversify a little bit here I think against a guy as experienced as Huan that might be the ticket tough to be uh specializing in just the leg locks especially as you get deep into the match everything's very slippery everything's only going to get a little bit harder to to secure in Cory, I don't think it would be ridiculous to say if you see a submission in the first minute, often it's a leg lock. If you see a submission in the last minute, you're naked choke. &gt;&gt; Generally, a really uh uh com really common theme, especially among matches that feature leg lockers, right? the the leg locks work best when they can kind of be sudden and off guard, but if pressure builds, it's going to be the uh the old I don't want to call them old school, but the arm bars, the rear negative choke, the traditional attacks. &gt;&gt; Another deep knee cut here from Huan as he looks to collect the upper body before passing with the lower body. He's still got a good lock. Able to get those frames back in one more time. Man, he's got to open up a little bit more. I feel like on bottom I feel like he needs to give a little bit more action, a little bit more work uh uh to to try to get himself into this match. It might even mean coming up wrestling coming up trying to get out of your guard and do something there. &gt;&gt; Alanga takes a big look at the clock before he backs away and gets into this maybe safety territory, right? He's he's he feels he's done enough work uh putting pressure on the guard and now he can just kind of uh stall Kanto out. not stall KTO out but slow KTO down, eliminate all of his opportunities play out here. &gt;&gt; Definitely. And you see the ADCC uh referees are in attendance. They are the ones we're helping to tender the decision that's coming out tonight. Uh so these are by ADCC rules. Who would win this match? Uh is ultimately how things are going. And it is a close one, but you think who won, right? almost passed the guard more than one occasion. You saw some good leg entries from KTO, but never for more than a second or two, and he wasn't able to really get any kind of submission lock going. I know it that they say it comes down to initiations, but uh uh to me that that would mean [Music] gets his hand raised here. He will move on in this bracket. and Alvaringa did enough in controlling the pace and applying the pressure to take the win over the Argentinian &gt;&gt; is Huan Alvaranga. He gets it done with his top game. I think that is the best aspect of this game. This I think was the best entry KTO had all night. It was a deep look at that outside Ashi. Definitely a talented leg locker, but a talented defender as well in this match was using that row drag and that split squat action to great effect all night long. That row drag was maybe the early story of the match, but as the match kind of wore on, it was mostly uh Alvaranga's pressure and his lateral movements like this one here that got him the closest he got to passing the guard. Uh this movement, I think, kind of made the match for him. that big step over to north south and then looking to the back, settling back into a passing position. He just looked more dynamic, more aggressive, uh more like he was initiating the action throughout, I'd say, at least the last 75% of the match. &gt;&gt; I would agree. And he didn't have to overly exert himself, go crazy. He was able to manage the match very strategically. So, he's still going to have a lot of energy for next round when he could see KBI Pereira or Julio Oranches in a very difficult semiinal. For everybody out there, remember one more match left before we go to work. Happy. Whoa. Grappling Jonathan Frazzale making his walk to the mat. He is the 2024 Nogi Brazilero silver medalist. Uh he earned his right onto this uh onto this mat via the uh the the confer the the bracket here. He was not the winner. &gt;&gt; The the qualify. He was not the winner, but he did enough to earn himself a shot as uh as an athlete pulled out of the &gt;&gt; Yeah, we had some changes to to this bracket late, but we did have the qualifier event which Julio Ranches won. Jonath was the guy who lost to Aranchas in that bracket in the semifinals. He's shown a ton of promise and a ton of great results over the years. So, when some athletes started to drop out, they went to the second place in that bracket. That was clever. Then they had to go to the third place in that bracket. That was Jonath. He was the second uh uh alternate for this bracket. So now he's in here. He doesn't get any uh easy looks early on, but I don't think he wanted them. He's going to have to face world champion May early on. Cory, I know you're an enormous Mayhem fan. &gt;&gt; Mayhem, despite his lack of Noi experience, I would say is probably the favorite in this bracket. And he's got a BJ Stars belt to his name to prove it. He won the 70 kg division in the ghee. One of the most explosive featherweights on the scene today with his dynamic passing, his judo. I'm really excited to see what his wrestling looks like today and if he can translate some of his dynamic e game into a no atmosphere. &gt;&gt; May has always been electric on the mats. His throws, his passing, his back takes, his connection with the crowd. The Brazilian audience absolutely loves May. So, the idea that he's gonna come out here and finally start putting together an Inogi, I am really excited to see that, see what that looks like. [Music] &gt;&gt; Joe, you mentioned Maya is uh one of the uh the favorites here at BJ Stars. He's got the record to prove it. He's nine and two on the BJ Star stage. I would say he's one of the uh most active BJ Stars competitors in the organization. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. He's been in multiple Grand Prix. He's shown great results in all those. I don't know if there's ever been a Grand Prix for BJ Stars that he's been in where he didn't at least make the finals. So, yeah, you know, early on he is definitely one of the bears in this division. Oh, big statement fireman's carry from Jonatal. You see Mayhem trying to laugh it off, but uh that that was a little bit of a statement made that hey man, I'm here to throw too. You want to exchange some judo? I put it on I put that ghee on before too. We can get to it. Look for a fiery comeback here for Mayhem after looking at that kuchari right off the bat &gt;&gt; and showing that he wants to play. &gt;&gt; May is definitely a guy who I think competes with emotion. You know what I mean? I think he's one of those guys who competes with emotion in a way that does not limit him. I think that it really does fire him up and he likes to make it a little bit of a fight, make it a little gritty and grimy in there. Even though he's so athletic and he's so electric, a lot of those guys usually like to make the fight very pretty. I don't think that's Maym's way. I believe it was the last BJ stars where May came out and faced Baby Shark and had an incredible performance. We all know how good Baby Shark is. Baby Shark's one of the best of this generation, especially Noki, but they faced off in the G. It was May's passing. Oh, throw to the back as he starts to look. Potential suplex coming. &gt;&gt; Mayhem looking to walk him around looking to get forward back motion. So he can start to trip, start to lift, start to throw, start to get something going. Jonah looking to use that hand on the mat to try to keep his balance. Eventually fight the hands, break open the lock and turning face. &gt;&gt; May with some strong Matt IQ there, too. Not do too much toward the boundary, allow the ref to set it to the middle so that he can do this, jump on the back. &gt;&gt; Already has the arm under for the choke. &gt;&gt; Nope, &gt;&gt; I'll lose it. &gt;&gt; He lost it. Potential Sulo have stretch by right there. by the way. I'll throw I'll throw that out there. But there is the back take. I think he's going to get points off of this off that standing back take from the wrestling exchange. And he is looking to finish things early as he traps the hand from the back. &gt;&gt; And now he's looking to bring that right arm across. This is an uncontested strangle hand. Incredible work from May. We were worried how his nogi and how his wrestling was going to look. Looking pretty okay to me right now. Seems like it fits into his his style. This is perfect for Mayhan. just finally was able to get that hand out was Mayhem who's now well in the driver's seat with four and a half left to go. There's the rear naked choke, the squeeze, the tap. &gt;&gt; He gets the submission. Another standout performance here from Maya McN on the BJ Star stage. This is really his atmosphere. He thrives on this stage and we see why. &gt;&gt; The soldier jiu-jitsu star always bringing the people uh to their beat here at PJ Stars really making it, you know, he's just one of the best. &gt;&gt; A little bit of Nikki Rod style there guard off right away. &gt;&gt; What's pops the top in Portuguese coming up? He's going to have Gabriel Souza next round. That's a crazy match that quarterfinal matchup or the semi-final match up. Gabriel Souza versus Marram second round. Going to get the replays here uh going. Saw some early wrestling exchanges. There was a good fireman's and the extra little shove off the mat from Jonah to let him know who's around was Mumm laughing and he would have the last laugh here with this throw by to the back. It would eventually turn into the submission win. Smart job looking for that suplex early just to make sure the the back attack was there. He did it again when we hit the center of the mat. Same exchange, right? Throwing the throwing the suplex to open the back up. And from here it was uh just clinical working into the arm trap and then into that rear naked choke over the jaw at first and slipping down to the neck. Teeth choke. Good little dentist work from Nih. Transition to Noi. Looks super successful so far. We just set up a match between him and an ABCC finalist next round. For all of our people that are watching on Flow Grappling or that are watching on the YouTube, make sure you head over to flowgrappling.com to watch the rest of this. If you want to see Mayhem taking on Gabriel Souza, all of our geese super fights tonight. Guys like Diego Sergey, Harrison Gabriel, uh Mayhem versus Gabriel Souza, like we just mentioned, Geruki taking on Nolan Stewart. Bunch of awesome matchups. You can only see them globally on Flow Grappling. Coming up next, Khalibi Pereira versus Julio Aranches. And that will round out the uh the fourman in the Grand Prix. Coming up next. Kings PJ College, &gt;&gt; youngster in the division. KBI Pereira walking out to the mat representing BJ College, Milky Galva's Academy.