Kind: captions Language: en Yo, what's up, boys? How's everybody doing today on this Thursday morning? Sorry about that. I got some cups in the background. Let me clean this up for you guys real quick. How's everybody doing today? It's uh I believe day I think it's day eight now of the uh IBJJF European Championship. Today there are some brown belts going. Um obviously a lot of the divisions have already went because of the time change, but uh the brown belts are going. I believe also we're going to see the male purple belt open class go and there's some juvenile blue belts going today as well. So a lot of good stuff to watch. You know, we'll be able to watch the Probell Open class, see who comes out on top of that one. We'll watch some of the uh Brown Bell female divisions, I believe, are still going. Maybe we'll catch some of these young these young bucks, you know, in the juvenile blue. Mr. Who in the chat already. Greetings from South Sweden. What's up, bro? Welcome in. Welcome in. Come on in, everybody. Come on in. Trickle in. Get in here. Everything's safe in here, you know. What up, Sam? Let's get it. Where where in where's where in South Sweden? Where's Stockholm at in Sweden? Huh? What where is it considered? Because I think I just saw a Stark girl go not that long ago. But you guys know the drill. We'll get to we'll get into the quad box. We'll be looking all over. The quad box will be flowing. We'll be looking for scrappy poos. You guys know how we do it. So, you know, without further ado, I guess we should just jump into this quad box, huh? Is that what you guys want? [snorts] Let's jump into the quad box. All right. What matches do we need to pull up? I'm gonna go full screen here for just a bit. But you know, you guys know how to do it. You know, hey, if you're going to start shouting out matches or mats though, you better you better introduce yourself first. You better say hi first before you just start yelling at me to pull up Matt 17 or something, you know. But looks like we got some juvenile blues going. Stockholm, six hours north and like in the lower quarter of the country. Okay, not bad. I'm in Eastad. That's cool. What's it like there? What's it like in Eaststead? Is it a good time? Is it a good time there? Yeah, looks like a bunch of Oh. Oh, sick, dude. This top left right here, we got a AOJ juvenile versus Milky Galva juvenile. And the Milky Galval ju Juvenile is uh what's that kid's nickname? I don't know. I met him before. Those kids are probably beasts. So, no doubt if you're watching this, those kids in the top left have better jiu-jitsu than you. No, I Hey, I didn't make the rules, you know. Sorry to offend anybody, but it's just true. [cheering] Leandro, what's up, bro? 32 degrees Fahrenheit and blowing like it's blowing. It's like Holland flat AF. Nice. All right. All right. Let [clears throat] me see here. Throwing up a little posty poo to promote this. Let me just share this real quick. [cheering] &gt;&gt; All right. Who won between Joah Lucas Souza Toledo Temporium versus Luis Philippo? He's my brother. I'm not sure. Jo is my brother. Uh I'm not sure, but maybe we can look it up later. [cheering] Hello. What's up, bro? &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; All right, boys. Got a little sub going on there. bottom right. [cheering] I mean, juvenile juvenile blue belts, if you guys don't know, if you guys have never rolled with juvenile blue belts, juvenile blue belts are a person's worst nightmare. If you show up to a gym and it's just full of like juvenile blue belts and a couple black belts, you're freaking screwed. Like, you're cooked, dude. Just go ahead and go home. Did you watch anything from Bernardo Mendonsa? Uh, if it was today, like we just started just started up the stream. Just started watching so I haven't really seen much. [clears throat] [cheering] Let me check. Matt 2 should have the open class open class, but it seems to be a stalemate. We got map four, some juvenile and female brown belts. Yeah, it's going to be a lot of brown belt female division still mixed in with juvenile blue belt mixed in with the adult purple belt open class is what we're looking at here. [cheering] &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; I don't know what they're waiting on here, but Matt 2's up here in this corner. So, it should be uh, you know, it should get going at some point. [clears throat] Sorry about that. &gt;&gt; You know the girl bottom right from Dynamics? Wow. Kai K Carvalo, where do you train? I train at Paragon in Austin, Texas. [cough] &gt;&gt; Where do you train? Excuse me, I sneezed. [cheering] &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; This AOJ versus Melky match top left is coming down to a decision. Huh. Who they going to give it to? &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; They're arbitrating it. Got to arbitrate this one. Get some good arbitration going. Nothing like a a little postmatch arbitration, you know, to really set the tone. [cheering] [applause] [cheering] Sorry to do this to you guys. I'm gonna blow my nose real quick. &gt;&gt; Let's see who won this one. Top left. &gt;&gt; Get covered today and make endurance. &gt;&gt; There you go. I'm going blow my nose real quick. Don't look. Everybody look away. &gt;&gt; Endurance covered it. &gt;&gt; Right now you can get $300 off any plan. So call and get your free quote now. area. [cheering] &gt;&gt; All right. Sorry to do that. Thank you guys for looking away, though. [clears throat] I wonder if they're they're they might do the uh female [cough and clears throat] they might do the female brown boot absolute brown belt absolute later. And you know who I want to see? Who I would like to to watch? I would like to watch Nichollet kiss. You missed a spot. Come on now. No Nick, don't do me like that, brother. Don't do me like that, brother. Man, come on. didn't miss a spot. &gt;&gt; You guys, you guys notice Kono back there on the bed? She's watching today. She's kind of locked in to be honest with you. Con's locked in. Look at her. She's staring you guys down. She's staring you guys down. You make any You make any wrong move and you're freaking cooked, dude. So, you better watch it. You better watch it. No, Nick. I got these shooters back here just freaking on watch, ready to ready to pounce any minute. You better be careful. [clears throat] &gt;&gt; You guys been uh have you guys been following along with the European Championship outside of just this stream? like is there anything you guys been watching any is there any game you should put me on to &gt;&gt; but yeah definitely later if they do the female what's up chat from Houston Texas here training with invet Matas Gabriel from his school to guide gym that's sick bro that's a sick gym how's everything going there how's Matas Gabriel I haven't seen him since I think worlds I saw my worlds too cute. &gt;&gt; She'll get real She'll get not cute real fast, brother. All right, so you better watch it. &gt;&gt; Waiting for the AOJ blue belt juveniles. There's some in the mix. There's [clears throat] some that are kind of going out. One just lost to a milky student. [cough and clears throat] I don't know. I don't know why they're they're like why they're freezing up on mat two. That should be the open class. Should have a couple matches coming out, but Mhm. Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm. Mhm. &gt;&gt; Yo, you guys been watching the burnt peanut? I started watching the burnt peanut. Dude, it's hilarious. [cheering] Mhm. Mhm. Oh, I would watch, but Christian beauty day streams are kind of expensive. &gt;&gt; Give me any of those juveniles at 80CC. What's up, Joslyn? We got Joselyn Molina in the chat. I I believe it, Joslyn. You'd smash him, Joslyn. Joslyn, what you ever You ever train in the ghee? You ever train or compete in the ghee? You should get some ghee some ghee action in. That'd be awesome. call your live streams and rewatch them. Fun with commentary. Hell yeah, bro. Thanks for thanks for watching. I appreciate it. &gt;&gt; Matteas just got back from seminar tour and Sam just got back from visiting back home in Manouse after his match at UFC BJJ. Took a little vacation. We got some girls. Nice. Nice. Looks like everybody's just doing well down there. Good for the boys. Check. We have a lot of top ranked juveniles. I believe it. I think [clears throat] uh I think Czechmat's currently leading the the men's team race. I should have known. Joselyn, I should have known that you were a five-time pancid champ. Should we Should we go Should we watch old Joselyn Molina uh old Jos Molina ghee matches? Let me see here. [cheering] Here we go. Jasine Molina 2024 Pan Kids Jiu-Jitsu IBJF Championship. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; If I had to guess, I bet Joselyn submits this girl quickly. You guys can't see it. Do you guys want me to show it? You want me to show Joselyn just smashing little kids? Blue adult gear are over. Yeah, I think so. I think so. The uh the open class was last night. It was that uh if you guys were watching, we watched that Mugatine kid. Uh that blue belt. I think he won medium heavy mugatine. He ended up winning the absolute also. We kind of called it. We said we thought he'd win. And now we got we got a purple belt absolute going. And it looks like Abdul Jamal Abdaziz off just got a quick little sub on Damiano Gerillo. But Damiano Agillo has some cool subs. Dude, this Freddy Lelay Tala kid. I think he's French. This kid's kind of awesome. I'm kind of rooting for this kid. Freddy Tala. It was like almost a $6,000. &gt;&gt; I think he I think he won his division already. Looks like he's got a Dreamark kid right now, which is like, you know, that's tough. Dream's really good. &gt;&gt; But this Freddy Talle kid, he's kind of sick and it's just it's cool. Obviously rooting for a European at the European Championship. But I'll say this too though. I keep seeing like all this stuff about like, you know, we'll post we've been posting like the medal count per like nation and stuff, you know, and it's like Brazil obviously has the most medals. They just always will to be honest, like at least for now. And everyone's like, "How come Europe or how come Brazilians and Americans can compete in the European Championship?" It's like, bro, we're not at a place in the sport where it's like you can exclude other like continents from these events. You know what I mean? It's like I get it. It's like people say like, "Shouldn't the European Cup be only Europeans?" It's like, "Yeah, kind of." But it's really just like a way of having a major event, [cough] a major event in that region, you know? It's not strictly a European championship. Just like it's not like American nationals isn't only Americans and Brazilian n Brazileros isn't only Brazilians, you know? It's like people from America, people from Europe love coming to Brazil for Brazilian nationals, but like no one brings it up then. For some reason, it's only Europeans that like everyone's like, "What the heck?" No outsiders. Europeans only. It's like no one's saying that about Brazilian nationals. No one's saying that about American nationals. So it's like I don't know. I get it. You know, you want it to be a little easier. Europeans want it to be a little easier. You know what I'm saying? No offense. I I get it. But I just don't that's just not how it is. So I don't know. Sorry about that. It's region based, not nation based. Yeah. You know what I mean? &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Just think of it as testing against the world. The more the marrier. That's right. [cheering] &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; That one already in top left. I missed it. Big boy verse little boy. Big boy wins. [cheering] Got a little sub bottom right. Oopsies. Hopefully that girl's okay. [cheering] [cheering] Oh. Oh. Waved off the doctor said, "Get out of here." Waved off the doctor said, "Go back to whatever hole you just crawled out of, bucko. Freddy Tyler playing some guard. [cough and clears throat] Whoa. Whoa. Oh, oh, oh. All right, I gotta I gotta go. I gotta go do something real quick. I'll be right back. I'm gonna leave you guys unmonitored. Okay. And I'm going to trust I'm going to trust that you guys can hold it down while I'm gone. All right. I don't want to see anybody acting up. Let's see. Let's put I'mma put Crazy Nerd in charge. Crazy Nerd, you're in charge of the chat while I'm gone. So, make sure everybody's acting in line, acting accordingly. And I'll be right back. Okay. I'll be right back. Nobody act up. I'm going to keep the quad box on for you guys. You let me know what what I miss. Crazy nerd, you're in charge for now. Let's go, boys. All right. I knew I I knew I could trust you. No, no party, Crazy Nerd. Like I said, you got to you got to keep these boys in line. All right. I'll be right back. might &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; match two abortion. Please come through the check area. One more. Come back. Your next breakdown could be anytime, anywhere. &gt;&gt; Get covered today and make endurance pay for it. It was like almost a $6,000 job. Endurance covered is &gt;&gt; right now you can get $300 off any plan. So call and get your free quote now. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; side. Go to the side. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Go go go go go. [cheering] What do you guys have to say for yourselves? H What do you guys have to say for yourselves? [cheering] Just kidding. I was watching the chat. Everyone was acting accordingly. Let's give it up for everybody in the chat acting accordingly. Nice job, boys. [cheering] What did I miss? [cheering] &gt;&gt; So, what did I miss? Huh? Looks like Freddy Tala is going to uh going to decision here. That one looked like a tough match. That one looked like a tough match. Also, Kona left the room. Kona's out of here. &gt;&gt; Yeah, she's out of here. She doesn't want to hang with us anymore. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Oh man, Freddy Tala lost. &gt;&gt; Good for Jonathan Moda, but you know, wanted to see the Frenchman go on a run. Top left now we got uh we got Blair Hamilton. He's a uh East Coast guy. &gt;&gt; Con your bag. &gt;&gt; Con's bag. Yeah, Sam. Pop off Sam. Dream art represent. [cough and clears throat] Go it Lopoli. You know him? You a big fan of it low poly? Oh, here we go. Bow and arrow. Bottom left. Got her. The bow and arrow is like one of the That's right. Did I say that? You said we're going to watch all our matches and we did. Sick. Man of my word. Uh, bow and arrow choke is like one of the gnarliest chokes to be honest. Like it's like if you fully get a bow and arrow and you got the pant leg or you got the pants and you got the choke across, it's like you're going to break a dude in half. At least when I do it, at least the way I be doing bow and arrows, it's like I'm about to break a mofo in half. She lost, but we did. Okay, there we go. I got the type of bow and arrow that'll break a guy in half. All right, simple as that. And spread the word. Okay, start spreading the word. I'm tired of the world not knowing that I got a bow and arrow that'll break a guy in half. So, I need you guys I need all the alleycats to go out there and start spreading that word in the deep, darkest corners of the jiu-jitsu community. You know what I'm saying? Let everybody know that I got a bow and air that'll break a guy in half. &gt;&gt; I want the people to know. I'm tired of living with this heavy on my heart. You know what I mean? I'm tired of living with this burden of a bow and arrow that'll break a guy in half and not even the world knowing about it. [laughter] Oh, I'm that guy, pal. Oh, I'm that guy. All right, you better believe it. I'm that guy when it comes to the bow and arrow. I'm not saying I can get to the bow and arrow. You know what I mean? I'm not saying I can set up a bow and arrow. I'm just saying if I have a bow and arrow and I got the freaking lapel, I got the pants, I'll break a dude in half. Simple as that. Like, you can see me in, you know, your your conventional gym. You can see me at your local Planet Fitness just with a with a ghee wrapped around a cable machine and a ghee wrapped around a different cable machine and me just ah [clears throat] [snorts] ah ah [laughter and sighs] ah ah with all the weight in the gym. Dude, I'm getting sick of it. I'm honestly mad at Planet Fitness. I got a beef with Planet Fitness right now. They don't have enough weight in the gym for me to do weird cable pools in a bow and arrow way. And it's pissing me off. Simple as that. Cuz I'm that guy, pal. And I need you guys to spread the word. What do you like more, a bow and arrow or a zipper choke from the back? Uh, I probably, if I could choose, I'd probably pick a bow and arrow, but I maybe get the zipper choke more. I I also like I also like uh I like the choke where you're like going for a zipper choke and they're kind of like putting their arm above to to fight it and you like loop through their arm and so now you have their arm stuck like this while you choke them like that. So it's like, you know what I mean? I like that one, Sam. Yeah, Sam. That's right. I'm that guy. I'm that guy. You know what I mean? That guy. &gt;&gt; What do you guys like more? Everybody pop off with your favorite submission. Everybody let me know your favorite submission. What submission are you that guy with? You know what I'm saying? Actually, let me know when you come to Portugal so I can get out of here. Yeah, you better. You're in Portugal, crazy nerd. My coach calls that the crossbow choke. Don't know the real name. Yeah, that's like that's like a tough part of jiu-jitsu to be honest is like obviously there are some things that it's like, you know, the choke's the choke, but uh but it's like there's a lot of variations of names and a lot of subtle variations where it kind of changes and then there'll be like 10 different names for that. All right, here we go. We got some We got some submissions going. What's you guys' favorite subs? Sam says, "Paper cutter." That's a gnarly one. Choy Bar. I actually I I think maybe the Choy Bar might be my favorite submission as well. I love the Choy Bar. Barado Plat. That's a sick one. North South City. Okay. The Million-Dollar Sleeper. Yeah, Ted Debiosi always used it. All right. Now we're talking. KTO Choke. That's a beauty for sure. All right, Mr. Who. Have fun at uh at at training. messed some dudes up. Why don't you, Mr. Who, why don't you go ahead and just be that guy during this training session. Smash some dudes. Come back and tell us how it was. &gt;&gt; Baseball bat choke. What? Marco, you're not hitting it like that, man. You're not Majid Hayes. You're not gorilla hands. I'm the guy that can't even submit anyone cuz I started like four months ago. So, you know, I'm that guy. Yeah, that's right. Got to make a call. I'll go on mute for now. BRB. All right, Sam. Make a call. And And this call, this call better be you calling to tell somebody that I can break a dude in half with my bow and arrow. All right, go ahead and make that call. The Boston crab. Yeah, that's a good one. One of my favorites is the knee. Wait, you can't neba. You can't neba. You guys know that video. Spin choke with the double lapel. But yeah, I think I think Choy Bar would be up there for me. &gt;&gt; What else is up there? &gt;&gt; I'll make a note of that. All right, good. See you, Sam. &gt;&gt; Wrist locks. A little wristy business. You're hitting a little wristy business. They weren't impressed. &gt;&gt; You being serious, Lawless? You being serious? They weren't impressed. What kind of office are you in? A freaking freaking loser office or something? What do you guys What do you guys freaking office full of of dill weeds or something? Classic clock choke. Yep. Love the arm bar from Mount Mika Galva style for sure. You got a rolling bow and arrow choke at judo tournament Sunday. Poor guy almost puked on the mat. Where you doing judo tournaments at? Judo's something serious now. What's matt three category? Uh juvenile one something. &gt;&gt; Juvenile one blue belt lightweight. I do know something serious. So [snorts] &gt;&gt; these pearl bus top left. They're in a real standoff. Oh. Oh. Kind of a wild guard pull, &gt;&gt; but he was able to close it up. &gt;&gt; Jame should have gotten that knee in the middle. You know what I'm saying? Hello. Kevin says, "Hello. Good day. What's your favorite fighter? My favorite jiu-jitsu fighter or my favorite like MMA fighter? Actually, I'll just go. Show's fun. I've been watching. Luckily, we have lots of clubs up here. That's pretty dope. There's uh Dew Weeds is exactly what I call them. I swear sometimes I don't think these guys even care about BJ talk about it and they just look at me. That's so annoying, dude. That's so annoying. I want you to know that they're the problem, not you, Lawless. You know, if they're if you're talking about BJ and they're not interested, that's they're the problem. All right. Those dudes need to figure it out. Those just need to get it together, man. &gt;&gt; They need to start figuring out what's important and what's not. My favorite jiu-jitsu fighters. H. &gt;&gt; I like to have like a rotating cast of favorite jiu-jitsu athletes, to be honest. It's like, for one, I work with a lot of these people, so it's hard for me to be like, "This is my favorite guy." Um, I'm kind of a big fan of anybody who's just like exciting. Like I think there's like some mustwatch dudes out there, you know? Like I would say I would say like the Ruatlo brothers, anytime they're doing jiu-jitsu, that's mustwatch. Andrew Tag's been killing it. Mika Galva is mustwatch for me. Dante Leon right now. Declan Moody, Adam Warzzinski, even though he's retired. Um, I think Andy Murasaki, Tyen in the ghee. [cheering] I don't know. It was a big list. A big old list. And we're back. Yeah, Lawless, you got to start putting those dill weeds in their place. Yeah, I miss Leandro also. That's one of the I mean it probably straight up is the most tragic thing to happen in the jiu-jitsu world. &gt;&gt; What are you doing Conor? &gt;&gt; Conor just postured up on you guys. Just had to let you know she's a big dog. &gt;&gt; You know I have to say it. Woo pig. That's right, Zach. pick. Pick &gt;&gt; Bernardo Faria for me, there's something special about knowing exactly what someone's going to do and then they just do it. Yeah, that's true. I mean, Maragali, I'll put Maragali up there for sure as one of my favorite grapplers. Margali is absolutely electric to watch. Big dog. She's staring out the window right now. She's upset about somebody out there. [cheering] Oh man, look at what's going on bottom right. This is nuts. She got out of it. Yeah, the Mendes brothers did have it on lock. Yeah, Marggoi. He's just so smooth at everything for sure. Just a suave ass dude. I mean, then there are dudes who are just like kind of like badass to watch. Like, I would put like Michael Pixley in that category. It's just like, okay, this dude's just kind of like sick, you know? It's like he's like a nononsense dude. Like, he doesn't mind just like turning it into a street fight. Like, you know, I think so. One one thing I'm really stoked for coming up in the jiu-jitsu world, like obviously Euros is right now. We haven't gotten to the black belts yet. They'll they'll start tomorrow, which I'm stoked for that. But then we have Polaris 35 which is going to be sick. But then after that there's the IBJF Nogi uh Absolute Grand Prix. That bracket is shaping up to be pretty sick to be honest. Like it's going to be Michael Pixley, Nick Hartman, Victor Hugo, Marlon Tjik. So just those three dudes, Marlon Tjik, Nick Hartman, and Michael Pixley are essentially making their black belt debuts in the IBJF noi Absolute Grand Prix. like arguably like the toughest IBJJF uh bracket of the year, NOGI bracket of the year. So you have Marlin, Nick Hartman, and Pixley, all dudes who are absolute beasts. Finally got their black belts and now are kind of debuting in a crazy way going up against like Victor Hugo, I think Pedro Mourinho. All right. All right, dude. We got We got Reed in the chat lying. He said he hits me with this daily. That's not true, dude. It's just not true. [cheering] No more lying in the chat. Nobody's hitting me with any moves daily [cheering] is very intending to go forward. Impose your will on someone. Talk better. Yeah, for sure. watching Ghee to be honest had a bad rap for a long time about the versive technique you see. [cheering] Yeah, for sure. I mean, I think like I don't I think it's just like more of a narrative thing to be honest that it's like, "Oh man, I I only watch Nugie, dude. Guy like me freaking I only watch Nugie." You know? It's just like I think people just like saying that more than they honestly believe that. Like they just maybe didn't give ghee an actual chance or they haven't watched good Ghee stuff. Like there's less ghee superfight shows at this point than there are no ghee shows. So maybe Gee is a little harder to watch. That's like one of the reasons why I like doing these live streams because like maybe it's helping with the live viewership experience, you know? It's like I'm pulling the matches, you know, making it where it's like, all right, you can just tune into this, you can see four different matches. Hopefully, we see some cool stuff, kind of bounce around. But it's like it is hard to navigate some of these ghee tournaments when it comes to like the live streaming experience. You know, there's so many mats going on. There's 10 mats right now at Euros, all kinds of different divisions, everything. So it's like hard to watch where Noi there's like way more just superfight shows where it's just you turn it on and it plays more like a UFC card which is definitely good for that. And there are some that do it like that though like for ghee like BJ stars obviously and stuff but I just think that's like a narrative that got kind of like just got ran with in this like modern jiu-jitsu culture and it's like I don't fully agree with it. Like I think there's some incredible ghee jiu-jitsu to watch. You know, it's like talking about Margali. Margali is a good example of like like watching Margali in the ghee is incredible. I honestly think Kyn and Dwarte like when Kynan Dwarte is in the ghee. I love watching Kan Dwarte in the ghee. Like I remember one time 2021 Worlds uh this was the one that was in Anaheim. Like I remember just like watching him like break a ghee grip and for there was something about it where I was like that was incredible. Like the way this dude just snaps off grips, you know? So, it's like there's way more nuance for sure, but like some of that is like beautiful, you know? It's like watching Kynan just one-handed just snap someone's grip off is like there's something cool about that where it's just like whoa, dude. What a freaking what a beast. Like this because you know the dude he's going against has grips that you could never dream of breaking. So, I don't know. There's some beauty there. Reed wants to know where's JP Tran. JP's going juvenile too, Reed. So, he's competing tomorrow. So, we got to lock in. We got to lock in on JP Tran because New Year's resolution this year, I vowed to watch every single JP TR match. So that starts tomorrow. Sam says, "I truly appreciate the nuance of the Gizu. I enjoy watching both, but Gee will be my go-to for sure." Definitely. I like watching both as well. And I get that just in general, Nogi can be more entertaining. You know, it's like there's more dynamic dynamic movement, there's more scrambles. is closer to like a like something like wrestling which people are more familiar with but me and the ghee oh my amazing one of the best tournaments of the year and it sucks to watch on those cameras yeah well you know trying our best trying our best trying our best trying our best [cheering] yeah mik and the ghee is awesome but it's also like I love me and the ghee I think tinan in the ghee is incredible the rule brothers in the ghee. Like if you guys have never watched Tai versus Cade at Brown Belt Worlds, they fought in the finals of 2021 Worlds when they were brown belts. That's sick. Go watch that. Is it that hard to get a good angle on the cameras? Yeah, it is, bro. [cheering] How about that? It is that hard. There's this big white American who plays lasso. He just won something. I think he's on one division above Adam. Are you talking about Nolan Stewart? Maybe talking about Nolan Stewart and he he just beat Adam. Uh he just beat Adam at the crown if that's who you're talking about. He applauded him. Your next breakdown could be anytime, anywhere. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Nolan's door is a beast for sure. &gt;&gt; Make endurance pay for it. &gt;&gt; Who knows? I think I think uh so he'll be competing at the European Championship. &gt;&gt; Covered it &gt;&gt; right now. You can get $300 off any plan. So call and get your free quote now. &gt;&gt; He'll be competing at the European Championship this weekend tomorrow. And I think this would be a telling tournament for him if he, you know, can ride the momentum of winning the crown and kind of take off or what? &gt;&gt; Yeah, Kenan was awesome to watch in the ghee. All right. What else we got going on here? Oh, we got the brown belt open class going as well. Let me switch this to matt six, &gt;&gt; you know. &gt;&gt; Should be some brown belt male open class going &gt;&gt; like your links. &gt;&gt; Oops. also on mat seven. &gt;&gt; Let's go. I'm going to switch this one to mat seven. &gt;&gt; You know, some things just fit better when they're shorter. like your links. Short, sweet, and &gt;&gt; All right. All right. Our oop, sorry, guys. Our quad box is struggling right now, dude. We only got one of the boxes fullled. Come on. Let's get it going, dude. Someone make a call to Portugal and get it going. I want a full quad box. I want a full quad box. Now, throw a bit. Are you gonna do any live tomorrow? Yeah, I think I will. I'm flying to Idaho tonight and I'm getting an Airbnb. So, I gota I got to figure out a setup in the Airbnb to to hopefully still go live for like an hour or two. Yeah, Joel versus Nata will be a huge fight for sure. Not that Tenko's absolute dog. Just an absolute dog. But yeah. Oh. Oh. The referee said, "Oh, hold it, boys. Hold it. Hold it. Hold your horses." He hit him with the hold your horses. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Hold your horses. Hold your horses. That's what he said. Oh &gt;&gt; yeah. So Nat Tena and Jo uh Lucas should be should be up next here on mat six bottom left if my calculations are correct. What we doing here, boys? What we doing? Huh? What we doing? Let's get going, boys. Hey, here we go. Matt one. Couple big boys. Jo is your brother. You think he's going to kill Nata? &gt;&gt; Nata is a tall order, bro. Let's see. We'll be watching, Matas. We're gonna be watching with you, homie. We kind of have a we kind of have a lot going on right now because there's also uh there we go. There's Nata. There's there's more brown bell open class matches going on on mats like nine and 10. All right, we got Joel Matus's uh brother Matt Seven's bottom right. Victor and put my work slides on and hit this meeting, man. Skip that meeting. Skip that meeting. Sam Nat's up. &gt;&gt; Tell Tell everyone who's supposed to be in that meeting to join this chat right now. And you guys can just meet through the chat and I'll help I'll help moderate. &gt;&gt; Oh, damn. [cheering] Rodrigo finished him. Oh, that dude, that Arthur Lopes dude is actually a beast. Did Natal win? I didn't see it. Yeah, black belt bracket start tomorrow. Oh, you're that guy in the meeting, Sam. All right, you dog. Let me go back and see how Nata won. Sorry, Matteas. Nata's really good. Got that straight ankle, of course. for it. It was like almost a $6,000 job endurance. &gt;&gt; All right, [clears throat] you can get $300 off any plan. So, call and get your &gt;&gt; wins. Heck Ludicrous doing what heck's Ludicrous and Danica Patrick doing in these ads. Get them out of here. Get him out of here. [crying] &gt;&gt; [screaming] &gt;&gt; Let's jump this one to [cheering] Let's go Matt 10 [cheering] &gt;&gt; cuz it should be a minute before they uh come up on mat six again. &gt;&gt; Things just fit better when they're shorter like your length. All right. Who you guys uh who you guys think's going to win the brown belt? Absolute. [cheering] Terry Phipe, dude. He's a He's a big boy who can not afraid to throw down a little. &gt;&gt; What happened up here? Top right. How do you finish? [screaming] &gt;&gt; Ooh, that was pretty cool, actually. His opponent knew it, too. He He uh he did the stone he did like the stoic face like I do this all the time. Ain't nothing ain't no thing but chicken wang. You know what I'm saying? &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; We got we got three angles on the Terry Phipe match. You can see down here we're watching the actual match. Then we have the far side view of it up here. And then we have it in the corner over here. We got three angles on this one match. everybody lock in on this. [laughter] And they're also slightly different timing. So like I saw the throw first over here and then over here and then back there. &gt;&gt; That's so funny. [laughter] [cheering] [screaming] &gt;&gt; [cheering] [cheering] &gt;&gt; All right. [cough and clears throat] &gt;&gt; Blair Hamilton going. He's making it kind of deep into this uh into this purple belt absolute. &gt;&gt; He's in the quarterfinals now. &gt;&gt; He is a strong boy. Sultan Baba disqualified by no show. [clears throat] [snorts] We got to get We got to get some stuff going over here. What's up, boys? I'm trying to have a full quad box. Whoop. This is This is always a great part when they just have to like drag them. Always one of my favorite parts is when they have to drag him a little bit. &gt;&gt; Sorry, boys. Just gonna just gonna drag you here a little bit. &gt;&gt; Oh, pardon me, boys. Just going to drag you here a little bit. Hope you don't mind. I think I'm going to predict for Nata Tanka to win the brown belt absolute purple belt. I'm not sure. Let me look up the bracket real quick. But who do you who are you guys taking to win the uh to win the brown and purple belt absolutes? I feel like they should be doing the female as well, but I haven't seen Yeah, they should still do the female. Wait, wait, wait. Terry Phip's a big boy. &gt;&gt; Alex Vasquez is also in the brown belt absolute though. That's he's good. Caleb Nasamnto, Luan Patrick, Atena Alex Vasquez is really good, but he's he's a featherweight, &gt;&gt; which, you know, it's a little got to be really really good, I guess. You know, &gt;&gt; let's figure out where these matches are going on. I don't like an empty quad box. An empty quad box trade no like that. You know what I'm saying? A full quad box trade likey that. You guys know what I'm saying? An empty quad box. Trade no likey that. Full quad box. Trey likey that. &gt;&gt; There we go. Now we got Caleb Nasamto versus Lucas Lopes. This should be a pretty tough one. Caleb Nasnto going to get is he get the two here? Two. Heck just happened. That was weird. &gt;&gt; Closeup on top left. Homie got his closeup in. Dude, this this Blair Hamilton versus Luan uh Alexander match feels like it's been going on for ages. Feels like this match has been going on for an eternity. Slightly awkward double pull. Is it Are they going to give him the advantage if he gets that advantage for the double pull? That might be it. Talking to the rest. [laughter] What's up, Kona? You're not into the double pool. You're not into that. You had to big dog everybody. Kona says she had to big dog everybody cuz she doesn't like the double pool. Blair getting back to that closed guard. hard. &gt;&gt; Oh, damn, dude. Lucas Lopes just got hit in the freaking got hit in the nuts. Big dog doesn't like the pullers. Nah, no, no, no, no, no, no. She wants to take down Lucas Lo got hit in the nuts and they're doing the legs up method on him. Is this a real thing? They're just shaking out his little tootsies. I've never I've never done the old get hit in the nuts and then shake out my tootsies method. Does it work? Can Can anyone in the chat let me know if it works right now. Oh, took the camera off him. [cheering] Oh, zooming in on Caleb Nasimento as he watches Lucas Lopes get his tootsies shaken out to help his freaking ball bag. [cheering] Hey, Cona. Hey, stop it. Can anyone in the chat confirm or deny that the shake the tootsies method helps in this situation? [cheering] Con's getting somebody the business right now. You guys hear that? All &gt;&gt; [cheering] [snorts] &gt;&gt; right. [cheering] Dang. Luan Alexander ended up getting the uh getting an advantage on Blair Hamilton. That's a bummer for Blair. What y'all boys up to in the chat? Huh? Is it We're getting quiet in here. I'm trying to, you know, let's let's get it let's get it going again. Huh? I want to Where you guys from? Where you watching from? Where you tuning in from? What kind of jiu-jitsu do you like to do? You know, we talked about our favorite submissions earlier. If you if you joined and you didn't get to say your favorite submission, go ahead and and drop that in the chat now. Let everybody know your favorite submission, your favorite guard, maybe. What kind of guard you guys playing? You guys been You guys trying to play the new hip stuff? You guys been playing octopus? I hit an octopus back take uh in training Tuesday. That was cool. Felt felt good to hit that. [cheering] I feel like I can hit the sweep, but I can't always get the back take. But then something just clicked for me on Tuesday and that back take was just smooth as butter off the octopus guard. NP Music 2707, do you know if Cohen Martin has fought yet? I train with him. What division is he? Tell us a division. I can seek it out. I can seek out the information you need. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; where Zinski's butterfly guard is what I play. Yeah, I mean to be honest like uh I was never great at butterfly guard, but then just like watching so much Adam Wardzinski in 2025 like as he did the grand slam and was just kind of dominating everyone definitely made it where I started uh playing more butterfly guard and uh yeah I don't know I had some I've started having some more success with it. I'm still not great at Butterfly Guard to be honest, but definitely play more of it. Adam just makes it look so sick. Like Adam makes Butterfly Guard looks so dope. Like to be honest, I just try to copy everything Adam does. Tacoma Washington G is the best right now. I'm effing with butterfly and Xcard as I'm not a large man. All right, let's go. Let's go. I love Xcard. I think Xguard is one of the most satisfying guards to play. You know, I I don't know if that makes sense. Does that make sense to you guys? But it's just like when you get into an Xguard, it feels satisfying. Like an example I would give is like half guard. I play a lot of half guard. Hold on one second. Like I play a lot of half guard, you know? Um it has it its purposes. It's easy. It's kind of like you can be lazy with it. easy to create dilemmas, you know, but it's not satisfying to play half guard. Like, you're kind of like partially getting smashed if you're playing half guard. And it's like, you know, ultimately you can you can do what you need to do to win from half guard, but it's not like satisfying. It's not like, oh, this feels good. Xguard feels good. Like, whenever you get into Xgard, you start freaking you're fully under your opponent. You're heisting them up. You're offbalancing them. you hit some dope sweep or go to the back off of it. It is very satisfying. So, I like I like Xcard a lot. It's one of my favorite cards. Spence, Tulsa, Oklahoma method jutsu arm bars from anywhere. He said, "What's my favorite submission?" That would have to be arm bars from anywhere. Pretty sick. Pretty sick. Shout out Tulsa, Oklahoma. I uh I grew up in southeast Kansas. uh just north of Miami, Oklahoma. So sometimes whenever I go back home to visit my family, I fly to Tulsa and then my my parents will come pick me up or someone will come pick me up and I drive from Tulsa back to Kansas with them. Vancouver, Washington scarfold is is king, my dude. All right, let's go. A freaking scarfold guy. Hey, don't knock it till you try it. You know what I'm saying? Scarf hold though is man you got a lot of friends in the gym or is just you know you make everybody mad just freaking throwing nasty scarf holds on them. Xgard is dope. It feels cool. Play a lot of half guard but not by choice. Haha. Yeah. Halfguard is just kind of like a it's like sometimes especially if you develop a def decent half guard. It's almost like a move uh it's almost like a move where you just kind of like are like okay all right let's get to half guard. Let's let's get to safety here for a sec. you know, and you kind of just get back to half guard. It's like sometimes you kind of have to come in intentionally. I feel like if you play a lot of half guard and be like, I am not uh I'm not letting myself go into half guard during this training session so that you can just develop other things. Oh, hell yeah. My m has a great fried pickled stand. Let's go. Fried pickles. Love a good fried pickle. Everyone's angry. Yeah, I figured they would be, bro. All right, looks like we got Terry Phipe coming up on mat 10 bottom left. Let's Let's I'm gonna check the boards. Make sure we're not missing like Natar or something. Oh shit, he might be on mat six. &gt;&gt; As a small business, you have &gt;&gt; And now we got an ad. Do they not know that this is a this is a &gt;&gt; has the tools you need to fully bake your marketing &gt;&gt; time of crisis. We're missing a nata tanka match. Oh, they just broke a camera. This broke one of the like judges uh cameras. Columbus, Ohio. I'm a white belt, so I'm still fighting my game. I like butterfly and half card. I'm heavyweight, so those feel the most comfortable to me. Nice, Brian. Keep keep freaking grinding, bro. you know, don't don't you don't got to lock in too much on one specific game this early in your jiu-jitsu journey. You know, it's like just just kind of just play with everything. [cough] [clears throat] Eat from the buffet of jiu-jitsu, you know, eat from the buffet of technique and just kind of keep playing everything, getting a baseline for what it all is like. Honestly, just locking on the move of the day. Like whatever whatever move they show that day, like focus on trying to hit that during live training. &gt;&gt; Feel like that'll help a lot. And then eventually you'll kind of just naturally gravitate towards something, whether it be something you find success with or just even like something that interests you, you'll kind of keep diving deeper into that. &gt;&gt; If they would start this match bottom left, then we would have a full quad box. And we ain't had we ain't had a full quad box in a minute, boys. And you know, sometimes not having a full quad box, that'll piss me right off. It'll piss me off having an empty quad box. So, &gt;&gt; so it'd be good to, you know, fill one up. I was actually I was in a bracket with Natena, the guy top left in the white ghee, who I think &gt;&gt; could potentially win this if he if he can beat Matas Pa because currently currently only up by an advantage. But I think Nata could win this. Yeah, we'd be quad up big bearded. Like we need that. We need to get quaded up. But I was in a bracket one time with Nata Tena. It was actually at Euros in 2024, maybe 2023, maybe 2024, can't remember for sure, but uh at per we were both purple belts. We were in the heavyweight brackets, but I lost. A I lost before I could fight not to show him what I'm made of. I think he went on to win the bracket, and I didn't. But if we would have met, you know, things might have been different that day. Things might have been different for little old Tinka. &gt;&gt; Nice little sweepy poo top right. You guys got a favorite sweep? Anybody in the chat got a favorite sweep? How much you guys locking in on favorite sweeps and whatnot? I got some favorite sweeps. I I'll wait for you guys uh before I say my favorite sweeps, but I got some favorite sweeps. &gt;&gt; Looks like Tanka advances. On the theme of scarfold though, I've set the goal of just getting my opponent's elbow above their shoulder. So many attacks, katakatami, arm locks, wing chokes as equals, and so easy to control. Fair enough. Oh, I also I'm big on the rule. I love the rule. It's a good one for me. I got long arms. Xcard sweep. Obviously got to got to have that in the bag. Nata advances. Let's see where we're at in the bracket. So that was a quarterfinal. &gt;&gt; So the other side of the bracket's taking a little longer. They're still on &gt;&gt; this Lucas versus Caleb Nasnto match. That's an elimination round. &gt;&gt; We still have Alex Vasquez versus Henrik Suarez after that. Then a quarterfinal. [cheering] &gt;&gt; So [cheering] Let me lock in here. I got to I got to Okay, so this semi-final is going to be a while because they need the winner of fight 56. Well, that doesn't make sense. Let's [cheering] switch this to mat nine. [cheering] These boys going on M. Sweet dreams of success, but likely not a lot of dough. &gt;&gt; Skip this ad real quick. &gt;&gt; Don't buy that. If you guys saw that ad, don't buy it. Whatever that was, don't fall for the ad. [cheering] Uh Josh Ree also been hitting basic scissor sweep a lot lately. Octopus. Yep. Double pant grip. Wrestle up from everywhere. Nice. Most satisfying to hit is the butterfly sweep. a classic one. Yeah, that's a really good one. What has been your favorite submission this far from this competition? All right, my favorite submission so far. Oh man, I don't know for sure. I might have to think about it some more. [clears throat] How can we access it? A live bracket update. You got to go to BJJ comp system. BJ comp system. They have like all the brackets, all the uh order of fights, so you can see like what's going on. Check it out there. [snorts] All right, here we go. Terry Phipe versus Adrien Habbero. This one should be a scrap. See what these boys got. [cheering] Gomez Safado said, "Shut up, bitch." Now you shut up, bitch. That's what I thought. Elite, thank you, sir. No problem. No problem. Hammy Thoughts on Pedro Fontes, Ricardo, and all the new AOJ Pro belt champs? Yeah, I mean, I think the AOJ uh colored belt crew is like always a super sick crew to watch. Super fun. Um, and they're also going to be like the elite grapplers in the next few years, you know? It's like G Mendes has been doing great stuff with the AOJ program and bringing these kids up. So, I think they're it's like whenever AOJ has these young purple belts or even blue belts or brown belts that are kind of dominating, it's worth watching them because eventually they're going to be at top of the sport. So, shout out to him. I feel like I've watched Ricardo Yoshida for like a very long time. This is an AOJ, a young kid that we've watched from AOJ for a long time, Alex Vasquez, who's now brown belt. And so, always worth watching these young AOJ kids like the Fenegra girls kind of came up through there and now they're both black belt world champions. One in the ghee, one no ghee. Dyn also for sure. All right. I think Adrien Habbero is atos. So if he ends up winning then and like him and Nata meet, I don't know how that'll go. But if Terry Phipe wins, then they could end up meeting. Oh, Alex Vadquez fighting for a sweepy poo against a Frenchman. Guys, what's your favorite brand for BJJ everyday clothing? Says Franco. Says Franco. What do you guys say? What's you guys' answer? Got stall. We got one of the referees calling for stalling. The other one's going to give it to him. Ooh. Oh, is he going to arm bar off? No. &gt;&gt; Big old throw though. Half sumo has some cool stuff. I'm wearing half sumo right now. little half sumo. &gt;&gt; I don't think I have any BJ brand clothing I wear outside of training. Fair enough. Show your roll. Comfortable wear. Show your roll is awesome. Hyperfly is cool. Hyperfly. Show your roll. Half sumo is cool. They got some cool shit. Kings has some cool stuff. Yeah, if I could afford it, probably Half Sumo. Yeah, Half Sumo's dope. Dude, I always I want one of their like rugs. Halfsumo has like dope rugs, but they're so expensive. Like, I could not afford it. Half Sumo, if you're watching, dude, freaking send me a rug. Send me a rug. I'll put it on this stream. &gt;&gt; What's going on bottom right? Somebody getting DQed. What just happened? He submitted him. Did he tap off of this? &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Yeah, he tapped. I didn't realize he tapped. Fuel will hunt. What that? Oh, rug. Yeah, like a rug. Like carpet. All right. Where's all the matches going on? Where's all the matches at? Huh? Before I get angry, before I start acting up. Somebody tell me right now where all the matches are before I start acting up. Switch this to mount one. Bling blow blam. As a small business, you success, but likely not a lot of dough. As a small business, dreams of success. &gt;&gt; Don't purchase this. Whatever this is, don't buy it. &gt;&gt; Don't listen to it. &gt;&gt; All right. No matches going on there either, but at least now we have a second angle of this Terry Phillip versus Adrien Hero match. Oh, these big these big boys. These big boys trying to throw now. Oh shit. Sound the alarms. We got big boys trying to throw. Sound the big boys trying to throw alarms. &gt;&gt; Uh I don't remember the name of the rug. It's It's on Half Sumo's website. You going to act fool? I'm going to start acting up. Look pretty empty. Lol. Well, this is like day eight with brown belts. And it's also like the end of the day. This is like they've been competing since 9:30 local time, 3:30 a.m. Central time where I'm at. So what's 3:30? What was that? Like 8 9 10 11. So it's been going on for 8 hours. So you know, if the stands were packed for eight hours, that'd be pretty incredible. Ro yelling, "Do not buy that while the ads are covering his paycheck." Those ads do not cover my paycheck, despite what you might think. Dang, the rugs are sold out, huh? Brutal. I'm just I'm looking out for you guys. Don't Don't buy that shit. These big boys need more judo. Them big boys just need to throw. Come on. Sound the alarms. Let the big boys throw. Let me bang, bro. Let me bang. We'll be going to class, BJ in 30 minutes. Nice. What kind of stuff you uh what kind of stuff you going to do in class? You going to smash everybody? Turtle hottie. These guys are terrible at standup. They're just kind of nullifying each other, huh? There ain't nothing like getting some some good collar grips and just Oh my gosh. Just big boys just chucking each other, huh? Just hooking each other. Frain. Okay. Sorry. It's all right. I understand. Yeah. Sometimes you got to turn and burn, bro. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Just let him rip. Let it rip. Do a Do a uh sacrifice throw. &gt;&gt; Be so tiring to be honest. It would be insanely tiring just call her just call her just tying up. You just see how this championship has been packed and this weekend going to be madness. Regards from Liz Boa. Nice Andre. Thanks for checking in from Liz Boa. Yeah. No, Euros gets gets insane to be honest. Like the energy there is pretty nuts. Especially like I remember last year during the black belt finals, one of the Veterac brothers in the finals, you know, and the place was just going ludicrous. Let's not get carried away now. Send the Uchima. Maybe Haray Goshi. I mean Uchima for Oh, he just almost dropped down. Just went double leg on him. Oh, but he's getting snaked. Oh, man. He got saved by the out of bounds, huh? A little iffy. You don't want to get snaked like that by that by a dude that big. Are you going to stream tomorrow again? Yeah, I will stream tomorrow again. Yeah, I'm going to stream tomorrow at least for an hour or so. Um, but I'm going to be in a different location. So, I gotta I gotta figure out how I'm gonna do it. Got to go to Idaho tonight. So, and white belt doing it for six months. I always do one technique session and spare spar with higher belts. Nice udul nakia lutar. Professor, the guy in the blue is not fighting. Professor, the guy in the blue is not fighting. Judge said uh Machado Ais. All right. Little look. Oh, flatten him out. How's Terry just going to go flat like that? Unless he's trying to big boy roll right now. Which time? Because I'm fighting on Matt 6 tomorrow. Um, it'll probably be sometime around 10:00 a.m. They're going to be at San Diego ADC. No, I don't think I'll make it. Is it like a San Diego open? What time are What time are you fighting on Matt 6 tomorrow? Uh, Dwayne, send me send me your info, Dwayne, and I'll try to watch it if uh if the time zones match up. He didn't mean he wasn't fighting, but that he didn't want to fight. Okay. Oh, care means, yeah, I want like Coca-Cola. I want a Coca-Cola with with uh ice, please. The the little fat something. We're going to fight 1349 Matt 6. So, what is that? That's 150. That might be in the middle of the night here. Terry Phipe clapping it up. Um, Dwayne, send me send me like your what name you're registered under and what uh division and everything. All right. So, we got Purple Bell open class top left. &gt;&gt; I don't know where it's at. Let me try and figure out where we're at in the bracket for the Purple Bell Absolute. &gt;&gt; I think that's a Yeah, this should be a semiinal. Got Checkmat versus Dreamart top left. Arthur Lopes I believe in the white ghee. Luan Alexander in the blue. &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; Um, &gt;&gt; Natasha should be coming up Matt six, &gt;&gt; but they he still needs his opponent from the other side, &gt;&gt; which is going on on mat seven down here. So, that one should be going on soon. All right, let's switch Matt 10 to Matt Nine because that's where the next semifinal should be. As a small business, you have sweet dreams of success, but likely not. &gt;&gt; This ad, don't buy that. It doesn't pay my paycheck. It doesn't cover my paycheck. Don't buy it. &gt;&gt; Uh, do you speak Portuguese? Uh, not really. I can just understand some things and I can order I can order food. Pretty much it. Me? Yeah, I'm Portuguese. I trained stealth Manchester. If you met me, yes, I'm from Brazil. Those guys speak Portuguese. Not me. Let's go. Sarah Gaval. She's going to have another good year. Yeah, I can't wait to watch Sarah tomorrow. There's another final going on. Put it Put it there. Lucas Milky Gavo. There's another final going on. Put it there. It's Lucas. There's another final going on. Put it there. There's another final going on. Put it there. Lucky. There's another final going on. Put it there. Lucy. All right. You got it, bro. What map? What map? You tell me what, Matt, and I'll put it on. &gt;&gt; There you go. &gt;&gt; As a small business, you have &gt;&gt; There's an ad. Don't buy that. It doesn't pay my bill. &gt;&gt; Not a lot of dough. Bitly has the tools you need to &gt;&gt; There we go. There's another There's another Thank you, Kevin. Thanks for letting us know, Kevin. There's another Mugatine is strong, dude. Mugatine. Mugatine ended up double golden, bro. Double gold mugatine, &gt;&gt; my boy. &gt;&gt; We're big fans of mugatine here here in this channel. &gt;&gt; Hey Kevin, cut it out. You're going to get put in timeout if you keep sending that. Sh. Pupa. [cheering] No problem, Kevin. &gt;&gt; What belt you have? I'm a purple belt. I really want to hear your opinion about Mugatine. I was so impressed. Yeah, I was super impressed, too, to be honest. Um, we started watching him a couple days ago when he was doing his division and it was just kind of sometimes when you watch somebody it's like it's obvious that they're very good, you know, uh, no matter what belt they are or whatever, it's like, oh, okay, this guy has a legit run or has a legit chance to to win and potentially double gold here. So, when we were watching him do his division, I I said like, I think this dude might end up winning the absolute and he kind of kept dominating. Came back around, watched him uh, in the absolute. He gets the dub, double gold. uh at blue belt and I think he got his purple belt. But yeah, I thought Mugatine was super impressive. I think it's always fun to find a guy like that. Um like a young blue belt or something. You don't really know who kind of kind of appears on the scene through an event like this and uh you kind of get hip to him and now you can kind of keep watching them throughout. So I'm excited to keep watching Mugatine. Um you know, now he's a pro belt too. That'll be sick. all these all these upcoming events and everything like hopefully he does like pans or brazileros or worlds even you know and we can keep watching Mugatine see how he does in the purple belt divisions as well. So I was I was also very impressed with Mugatine. [cheering] &gt;&gt; Who is my goat in jiu-jitsu? Um, I mean it's hard not to say Hodger, but he kind of did it all. He has the 2005 ADCC double gold run where he did it all submissions. I mean, I would say like honestly like uh I think that [cheering] I think Gordon's probably the noi goat at this point. Like just straight up probably is the best. Kevin, stop spamming your comments. I'm from Brazil. I'm translating Google. Responding with yes. Can someone translate for me and say, "Hey, Kevin, stop spamming your comments. Just send it once." Someone translate that and send it to Kevin. Tell him Tell him it's from me. Don't say any bad words, though. [cheering] &gt;&gt; Say it in Portuguese. I'll translate for you. Are you telling Kevin or me? There we go. &gt;&gt; Just Just tell him to only send it once. He wants He wants to know if I'm going to stream the black belt finals, but I will be streaming during the black belt days. I don't know if it's going to be specifically the black belt finals or not, but there. Thank you, boys. Kevin Appreciate that, boys. &gt;&gt; But yeah, also tell him that I will be streaming during black belt days. I just don't know for sure if it'll be during the finals. &gt;&gt; Can I trust you guys are saying the right stuff? &gt;&gt; Can I trust you guys are saying the right stuff in there? I can trust you guys, right? We're we're all friends here. I can trust you guys, right? &gt;&gt; I'm trust you guys. &gt;&gt; Valu Kevin Valleo. Valza, &gt;&gt; who do you think would win? Mik Gabbar, Titan Dalra. Uh, they fought once, what was it, like EUG or something at Black Belt and I think Mika won, but it was kind of like a weird match like five minute. Uh, I don't know. That would be a sick match. I would love to see it though. You absolutely can't trust us. All right, good. That's what I was trusting that I can't trust you guys. So, I don't know if that means I can or can't trust when it comes down to it, but I can trust that I can't trust you. So, that's where we're at. Appreciate it, fellas. Valua tranquilo tranqu doesn't trust you guys one bit &gt;&gt; janada Kevin &gt;&gt; let me check where we're at with some of these other All right the female open class is kicking up now factory. &gt;&gt; I'm g switch this to Matt 10. This should be the female open class. &gt;&gt; Female open class. Who Who is Trey &gt;&gt; excited to watch the most? Okay, thanks for asking. Let me tell you, I would have to say Nichollet Kiss. Nichollet Kiss, I believe, won last year &gt;&gt; and I think she had Eliza Nasimento in the finals &gt;&gt; and I think Eliza Nasimento is also in this open class. So, I will say Nichollet Kiss and Eliza Nashamento are the two people I'm most excited to watch. But Nichollet Kiss is a Hungarian uh grappler. I think she's awesome. I love watching Nichollet Kiss. I also do love watching uh Eliza Nasimento. So, I'm stoked for those ones. I am stoked for those ones. I don't care what you guys say. I'm excited for those ones. [clears throat] Con's being a good girl. legal. I don't have money to buy a flow grappling something. This is what you um I don't know, but this transmission of the fights is very cool. Hey, &gt;&gt; samos Kevin samos moto legal. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I was pretty close, Raphael. My my translation right there was pretty close. [snorts] I like how Raphael is now is now like the designated translator for Kevin. Like what an interesting dynamic we have going on. But you know, do you see that? That translation by me, &gt;&gt; Rafael, that was impressive. No, &gt;&gt; please sign up. Please report to the checkin area. &gt;&gt; That was so close. All right. Thank you. It was close enough where I understood what he was saying. I didn't have like exact word for word translation, but I knew what he was saying. [clears throat] Dono the flow grappling. You are &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; You are the owner of flow grappling. &gt;&gt; Opponent wants to play. No, I'm not the owner of Flow Grappling. I'm just I just work for Flow Grappling. I didn't know that one, but I guessed it. No, I'm not the owner. I am a content creator at Flowgrappling. I'm a fan of Flow Grappling. I'm an employee of Flow Grappling. I do a lot of work for Flow Grappling. What's going on here? Why isn't Matt 10? Why are they not going? Somebody tell them to start right now or I will get mad. Matt nine. At seven. What else do we need? We need seven's going. 102 97. &gt;&gt; Switch this to mat six real quick. &gt;&gt; I think Nata should be coming up, &gt;&gt; you know. Some things just fit better when they're shorter. Like your length. &gt;&gt; How long we been streaming for, boys? &gt;&gt; How long has this been going on? [clears throat] &gt;&gt; Are you aware of the weather alert for the next 48 hours in Portugal? No, I'm not. What's going on with the weather? What competitions have you won before? I mean, not that many. Nothing impressive, like just like local stuff early on when I was like uh like a white belt and stuff, but really haven't won that much. I haven't won anything at purple. I think I got well actually technically I did win the Austin Open, but then I lost in the Absolute and I just won because I was the only one in the bracket. [laughter] Oh no, I got here late. Yeah, the U I know the US has one. Uh we're supposed to get here in like Austin, Texas. We're supposed to get like a bunch of ice and stuff. I've been live 109 minutes. Huh. Wow. Wow. Congratulations, guys, for the idea to make this live on this configuration. I loved it. All right. Thank you, resident. I appreciate that. Appreciate the feedback. If you guys do want to watch more of the European Championship though, you can click the pinned comment from Flow Grappling. Click that link and uh get you a little subscription to Flow Grappling and you have access to everything. You can be throwing up your own quad box. I have to be AFK for a while. Behave yourself, Kevin. Thank you. Thank you, Raphael, for uh Thank you, Hafa Hafael, for uh you know, being our Kevin translator. If he starts misbehaving, we will need you to come back though. What's your opinion on AJP? I think AJP is cool. Kona wants to play. Kona says this stream's been going on for far too long and she wants to play. Yeah, I'll definitely try to do it more often. &gt;&gt; Hey, Connor, cut it out. &gt;&gt; A storm called Ingrid. What a scary name for a storm. Ingrid. There we go. We got the female brown belt absolute going now. Bottom right. &gt;&gt; Officer Juice. I swear I'm annoyed looking for my dog in the toy. He's squeaking. Yeah, my bad. That's Kona. &gt;&gt; She's squeaking one right now. &gt;&gt; But you know, who am I to stop her? [laughter] [cheering] Aluta absolutavore. Stream the fight of the absolute now. Which one? We got the brown belt absolute. Bottom right. We got the or male and female brown belt absolutes. Bottom right and left. The top one's supposed to be like not that tenka coming up. [cheering] &gt;&gt; Here we go. Top right. Is this Is this uh Tena going to be coming out? Yeah, it should be. Oh, wait. No, they moved it. Okay, so this is juvenile one open class and then Tanka should be next. What's going on with Matt 10? Why is Matt 10? Why is Matt 10 just dead right now? Somebody might tell him to fire up Matt 10 and get it going. So, I want a full quad box. Play Deso Matt one you trying to watch on Matt Juan. Thought Matt one was like done. H it's the juvenile open class. &gt;&gt; All right, I'll switch this to Mat one for now. You know, some things just fit better when they're shorter, like your length. &gt;&gt; Sorry. [cheering] Yeah, there's a bunch of finals today. Um, all of the like brown belt divisional finals &gt;&gt; are already done. Now we're basically just watching the absolutes. So those will all go to the finals as well. So top left is the juvenile one blue belt absolute. Top right is the female juvenile one blue belt absolute. Bottom left brown belt adult absolute. And bottom right is brown belt female absolute. And those will run through to the uh to the finals. Will you play the previous matches? I mean, in theory, I could, but I'm not going to watch every mat. I'm not going to watch 10 m like eight hours of 10 different mats. Um, my son trains with black belt from Hedgeik in Chicago. Are you familiar with them? Legit. Uh, I don't know. Well, can you tell me the gym and stuff a little more specific? &gt;&gt; [cheering] [cheering] &gt;&gt; Word to Wen. &gt;&gt; Can you edit that? [cheering] episode. [cheering] This is your last &gt;&gt; [cheering] [cheering] &gt;&gt; All right, we got a couple juvenile uh matches going. Got some Dream Art fans in the chat. [cheering] All like, yeah, all the mats are back being used now except for I guess the two we have on the stream. &gt;&gt; But it's like if you look up the order of fights, there should be matches going on on every mat. Okay, here we go. What mat do we have on down here? Seven. Got the joies walking out. So, this one should be female brown belt open class. Oh, never mind. He just walked off. Walked off to a different mat. He's just cruising. Just cruising around. Oh, there he comes. Look. Look. We see him again. We saw him over here to start. Now we see him again right here. Should we click? What m What match should we go to so we can keep seeing this guy? Where's he going? Where's he going? Oh, there he is. Is he Is that him or is that somebody else? That might be somebody else. We might need to click to a different match. Should we Should we keep trying to just find this referee? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I know. Isach's awesome. Matt 8. Why is Ming Val not competing more? I've not seen him compete in two months. He's about to have a baby. Him and a meat are having a baby. Never entered an absolute brag before. Sounds kind of scary. He's a smaller dude. It's not that scary. Just do it. Just let it rip, baby. Just go out there and submit everybody in the absolute. Become a legend. Let yourself become a legend, brother. Don't be scared to let yourself become an absolute legend. Okay, I see Nichollet Kiss and Eliza Nasamto walking out there. What mat is that on this far side? We need to find that. I want to watch that match. Where is that happening? Matt 10. &gt;&gt; You know, some things just fit better when they're shorter. &gt;&gt; There's Matt sex right there. &gt;&gt; Like your links. Short, sweet, and branded. You know, some things just fit better when they're shorter. Like your links, short, sweet, and branded. That's exactly what Bitly does. There's something something funny is a foot. &gt;&gt; It says Alexandra Plymova, but I'm like 90% sure that that's Eliza Nasimento. &gt;&gt; I think something got a little squirly there with the with the with the scoreboard. Think something got a little squirly with the scoreboard, boys. &gt;&gt; My six is right here. We've been waiting. &gt;&gt; We've been waiting for Matt six. &gt;&gt; Is Matt? Yeah, it's Natal versus Lucas Lopes. We've been waiting for that one. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Eliza versus Nicollet Kiss. I'm pretty sure this was the final last year. hitting pretty early in the absolute this time. &gt;&gt; Yeah, top right corner is Matt six. &gt;&gt; So, we got Matt 10, Matt six, Matt nine, and Matt seven, but maybe there's maybe there's some we should switch around. Feel like Matt 10 and Matt six, those are locked in. We need those two. But these bottom two we could play around with. &gt;&gt; Come on. We need a full quad box. Are we about to get a full quad box, boys? Are we about to get a full quad box? The Jesas are out there on the right. I think we are we we are honing in on a full quad box if I'm not mistaken. Come on. Send them out there. Three of four. This is big, boys. We haven't had a full quad box in what feels like an eternity. &gt;&gt; Matt one is the absolute final for juvenile blue or what? Oh my gosh. Send them out. Send them out. We got a full quad box. Go nuts in the chat right now. Brandon Redbeard, hello Trey, also from Kansas. I'm digging the quad stream here. &gt;&gt; Hell yeah, bro. Where you from in Kansas? I appreciate that. Thanks for watching the stream. Purple final open class in one. [cheering] We're quaded up. We're quaded up, boys. We do. We want to ruin this and try to mess around. I can put on Matt one if we want, but we're quaded up. We haven't been quaded up in a minute. We're quad boxed out of our mind. This is awesome. &gt;&gt; Go nuts. Send the quad boxes. Send the quad boxes in the chat, dude. We're quad boxed. This is incredible. This is what we do it for. We quad it up. &gt;&gt; We live for the full quad box. &gt;&gt; We die for the full quad box. &gt;&gt; There's not There's not a final going on on mat one. It says it's a it's the juvenile one open class elimination rounds. &gt;&gt; You guys pranking me? Matt six. Matt six. Matt six is uh top right. &gt;&gt; Love of the game. &gt;&gt; The quad box is jumping right now, boys. &gt;&gt; Did Nata Tena just submit him? Ottawa south of Lawrence. Nice. Yeah, I know Ottawa. Uh, they have a D3 school there, right? The Ottawa Braves or something like that. I'm from Columbus. It's just like south of Pittsburgh. What is your favorite submission? Uh, I think probably I I like the Choy Bar a lot. I like arm bars, but I do like the choy bar a lot. It's a fun one. Not Tatanka, dude. Just just an absolute demon. Philipe says, "Thanks for sharing." Of course, glad I could do this. Nata Tank is on demon timing, bro. This boy ain't Yeah, Natai ain't messing around, dude. Nata's on demon timing right now. &gt;&gt; I had a I had an offer to play football at Ottawa, the Ottawa Braves, but D3 schools, I don't they can't give scholarship money. I ended up playing out of Jo. I played at Hutch uh in Hutchinson, Kansas, the Hutchinson Community College Blue Dragons. I played there like the year after Alvin Kamar left. But yeah, that's how I know about the Ottawa Braves. &gt;&gt; Not on demon timing, boys. Racial wrist locks are for the prestige. Any other submission is for the poppers. True that. &gt;&gt; Next put Matt one OG 249 P&amp;R Open class finals. My twins My twin is in the finals. Who's your twin? &gt;&gt; Which position? Quarterback. Poor favore too. I can understand that. &gt;&gt; I know area is Matt. Glad you're back. Papa area 2 final of absolute. Which absolute? The purple belt. People are saying it's on mat one. Oh, is a juvenile. &gt;&gt; You know, &gt;&gt; it's not the final yet, is it though? &gt;&gt; Better when they're shorter. Like your links. Short, sweet, and branded. That's exact. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. This is the final. &gt;&gt; There we go. Kevin knows Kevin knows what he's talking about. Kevin Sabi. Kevin Sabi. So yeah, this is the Pro Bell Absolute final right here. We got Lucas Jan, a Melky student versus Arthur Lopes. Arthur Bizetto. Arthur Biznetto is your twin. Do we got to get behind Arthur? One of the Chatter's twin twin bro. Twin Broki. I think we might have to get behind him. Should we ride for Arthur? Yo, chat, are we riding for Arthur or not? &gt;&gt; Let me know right now. Are we riding for Arthur or not? Nevel inch inchudar is luchas I very I like very much the something of the fights it is interesting and good to study such fights something like that something like that all right we're riding with Arthur we're riding with Arthur everybody everybody pop it off let's ride with Arthur We're riding with Arthur. It's official. Nichollet kiss be Eliza. &gt;&gt; Need the overunder on Arthur. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I don't know. Only high level match, so it's quite good to study the fights. Okay. I was close. Hafa. Hey, watch Matt one. We got to ride with Arthur for a minute here, boys. Uh, can I turn on Matt one also for the juvenile absolute forever ghost of leg locks? Arthur better win. I'm betting the house on this. Same here. I just took out my freaking my wife's boyfriend's savings and put it all on Arthur, so he better win. That big dog. [laughter] [cheering] &gt;&gt; Look at this sub top like this sub attempt top left. &gt;&gt; She's jump. Oh, she got it. That was nuts. Did you guys see that? That was nuts, dude. &gt;&gt; Look at this. &gt;&gt; Jumps it off the rib. Kowal Kerblam. [cheering] &gt;&gt; [cheering and applause] &gt;&gt; Hey bro, will there be vlog videos from the European Championship tomorrow? Um, to be honest, no. Uh, usually I'm I'm the one who does the vlogging and I'm I've not gone to Europeans this year. I'm still in Austin, Texas. So, sadly, no vlogs from Euros this year. &gt;&gt; What else we got? What else can I put up here? So, &gt;&gt; I mean, I'm not opposed to putting on Matt one, but it's still the elimination rounds of the juvenile one blue belt absolute. So, I feel like they're still kind of like, you know, &gt;&gt; is this still Matt Six? Is the Is the brown belt final going on? &gt;&gt; Don't buy this. Don't do it. Skip this ad as soon as we can. Boom. All right. Matt six is the is the brown bell open class final. So I'm keeping that up top left until it starts cuz I don't want to miss it. Then right here we have Matt 2. This pro open class final seven nine and seven down here. It should be female. Yeah, Emily Lea's coming up on eight actually. Let's put that up and I'll put Matt one right there for now. But dude, if I miss something because I got juvenile absolute, I'm going be upset. &gt;&gt; So you guys keep keep me updated if something uh important's going on &gt;&gt; that I need to switch to. Oh, dude. This is Arthur. This is my boy Arthur. He trains at Milky Gao. Go to my Instagram and there's a video of me training with Arthur when he's in orange belt. Me and him roll. And I whoop him, dude. I whoop Arthur. So don't even think I lost that round cuz I didn't. And in the video Arthur's going to lie and say that he won. He didn't win, dude. I won. So, just remember that. But go watch that. Here we go. We got Emily Leva on the left side. Also, Emily Leva's absolute beast. So fun. So fun to watch. [cheering] What are you saying, Jeremy? Ellie follows the Europa vio agora. Will someone translate that for me? &gt;&gt; Oh, dude. Tommy, stop buying it, bro. Don't let it suck you in like that. &gt;&gt; Your niece is fighting on Matt 5. &gt;&gt; [cheering and applause] [cheering] &gt;&gt; All right, let's go. Hey, Half Sumo was watching. Half sumo was watching. Let's go. Come on, Humo. Hook it up. That's pretty sick. That's cool. Shout out HSumo. Thank you guys for watching. I appreciate that, man. Appreciate the support. Glad I glad I could give it back to somebody who's actively supporting me, you know. Yeah, Arthur's the man. Every everyone's got it. Or actually, we got two Arthurs right now. So, we we've been riding with Arthur at the top, but then also bottom right, I'm riding with that Arthur as well. You can't handle full sumo, exfilio. So, don't act like you can't. Don't come on here fronting acting like you can handle full sumo. You can't even handle half sumo. So, you better quit fronting on everybody and come correct next time. All right, we got Oh, they're closing out the absolute. They're giving it to Nata. [cheering] Antilatic. Antilatic finish. Oh. Whoa. Whoa. Oh, whoa. Hey, we're getting on people's shoulders now. [cheering] Hey, relax, boys. Come on. Let's not get too crazy. All right, there we go. Brown belt absolute champ. Natanka to close out. Turkish oil wrestling in sumo is life. Osa. &gt;&gt; Hell yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Hell yeah. &gt;&gt; And make endurance pay for it. It was like almost a $6,000 job. Endurance covered it. &gt;&gt; Right now you can get $300 off any plan. So call and get your free quote now. &gt;&gt; You guys are big on Turkish oil wrestling. I bet you are. All right. All right, Arthur's got 10 seconds here to get a taked down or something. They're still just in arbitration with the earpiece. Did Emily Lea just submit that girl? Let's see how she finished here. Little straight anky. Little straight Anky. Arthur wins. Arthur, young Arthur wins. Go straight Anky &gt;&gt; for Emily Lever. &gt;&gt; Good job, Emily. &gt;&gt; Good on you, Emily. &gt;&gt; So, call and get your free quote now. &gt;&gt; The words of Drake started in the bottom. Now we hear I wouldn't say I'm big in Turkish oil. I don't like to talk about it. Fair enough. I'mma have I'mma have Kevin spill the beans on you, Hafa. Hey yo, Kevin, spill the beans on Hafa. How big is this dude in Turkish oil wrestling? Ella Dorcin versus Ivana Dupanyan. All right, we're going to see Lucas Jan the champ. Shout out Lucas Jan. Purple belt absolute champ coming out of Milky Galval BJ College. Good for him. All right, we got to reset the quad box. So, purple absolutees done. Brown belt absolutes done. Should be a lot of female brown belt open class going. Let's go. Let's switch. &gt;&gt; All right, let's go. Matt seven right there. Don't buy this. Don't buy this. We're going to skip it. No one buy it. Everyone look away. Look away. Look away. Tommy, I'm talking to you. Don't buy that. Matt seven. We need mat eight. &gt;&gt; Oops, I messed it up. Matt eight. &gt;&gt; We know trying to understand your marketing campaign's performance can be a scary thing. &gt;&gt; Don't be scared. &gt;&gt; Matt, &gt;&gt; try Bitly. &gt;&gt; I'll keep this Matt one for for you juvenile uh watchers. How's that? How's that? [cough and clears throat] &gt;&gt; Sorry. Con &gt;&gt; [sighs] [laughter] &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. There's a little bit of a pause there. Um, I know what to say about you juvenile watchers. You missed one. One is right here. No. Or down here. Yeah, Matt. One's down here. &gt;&gt; [cough] [clears throat] &gt;&gt; Oh wow. Oh. I see you. Kevin. Eso Ario. Iso Ario. BJJ forever. You got that right, brother. You got that right. Don't get it twisted. Janada Kevin Ganada. They're going nuts down there on area one. Where's all the action going on? Why do we We keep uh like Why are they not showing? There's And what else? Matt, do we got Matt 8 up? Yeah, Matt 8's right there, but it's not nine's right there. Let's switch this. Let's switch this to Matt 10. &gt;&gt; Oh, still nothing. [music] connect your matte is uh right here, but it's empty. We're waiting for them to come out onto Matt 8. What do you guys want to do in the meantime? Huh? Got what, like 230 of you in here. What do you guys want to do in the meantime while we're waiting on uh Do we got an empty quad box? We straight up have an empty quad box right now. This is embarrassing. This is straight up embarrassing. We have an empty quad box. I've never been so embarrassed in my life. It looks like Nichollet Kiss. I see her walking in the background. She's walking out to Matt 10. So, let's switch to Matt 10 somewhere. You guys didn't think I That's why I'm a pro, dude. Oh, we already got Matt 10 right there. That's okay, Kevin. That's why I'm a pro. I spotted it from this from this stream that Nichollet Kiss was walking out over there and then boom, she's going to be coming out right here. She become walking out right here in a white ghee here in just a second. She's taking a drink of water right now. And now the the ref motion. Here she comes. 3 2 1 Nichollet Kiss taking the mat. Boom. That's why I'm a pro. That's why I'm a pro. And you know what? If you're freaking scared, go to church, bucko. And if you want to watch a pro operate a quad box, then come to this live stream. Yeah, we had an embarrassing moment, Reed. Yeah, it was embarrassing that we had an empty quad box, but then we redeemed oursel with the Nicollet Kiss. Just we got Look, we got all kinds of angles on Nicollet Kiss right now. &gt;&gt; What is this? We need to switch to Matt 3 because I see something going on across the way. And that's why I'm the freaking pro of the quad box. You guys aren't putting enough respect on my name when it comes to the quadbox operations. Don't buy this. Don't buy this. Ignore the ad. Skip ad. Voila. Dude, what's Nicol kissing Maria Klein doing? All right, we got my boy Arthur back up against Michael Wellen. Um, I think AOJ kid. &gt;&gt; Arthur's my boy, though. Toto oipos de angulos. Well, we got we got Reed uh speaking Portuguese in the chat now. &gt;&gt; Someone translate what Reed just said and then I want you to respond to him and say something nasty in Portuguese. Say some bad words to Reed. I know some bad words, but I'm not going to say them because I'll get in trouble. So, you guys type them for me. &gt;&gt; Arthur's back. My house. Arthur. My house. Let's dress right. OG Trey, quad box, pod boss. That's right, baby. I'm the boss of the quad box. Oh man. &gt;&gt; Mickey going after Arthur, huh? Not too nasty. Just like funny. Funny nasty. &gt;&gt; A young Hoff Mendes. You mean that Reed? All types of angles. Reed. Now, Hafa, will you translate what that means? Because Reed doesn't actually speak Portuguese. [laughter] Reed works for Flow Grappling if you guys don't know. &gt;&gt; Mickey pawning this kid. All right. Now, let's relax a little bit there, Bucko. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. &gt;&gt; Why you guys hating on Arthur? You guys are making me sad, dude. Arthur's my guy. &gt;&gt; I didn't realize that was like Michael Wellen was Mickey. I don't actually know Mickey, but I have heard of Mickey. Also, how did Nichollet Kiss win or lose? So, Michione, what is going on right there? She got the She choking her. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Just a crazy angle for the finish there from Nichollet Kiss on that choke. It's [laughter] so nasty that I'm a bit ashamed of myself. A dude, I read it out loud. I shouldn't have read it. Be in big trouble. Reed's Reed's hitting the Google Translate right now to drop these Portuguese messages. He don't even know what he's saying. &gt;&gt; Fair play though, Reed. &gt;&gt; [cheering] [cheering] &gt;&gt; Hey, Hey, Hafa. I just translated that. I did not say that Reed that I'm saying that the host is saying how cool and important Reed is to the live stream and he sends his regards. I did not say that. I knew I could I knew I could trust that I couldn't trust you, bro. I knew it. I knew it. You son of a gun. Oh, Mickey tapped him. Wow. Mickey a dog for real, huh? &gt;&gt; I did say I'm honestly dishonest. Shame on you for trusting me. No, I've always trusted that I can't trust you. So, we're on the same page. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; That's crazy, dude. Mickey a dog. &gt;&gt; Everybody get Hey, send the dog emoji in the chat for Mickey. You know what I'm saying? [groaning] Yeah. Zilio, there goes your house. They made me lose my house, my kids, my wife. Hey, you know what? Double down. Next competition, bet it all on him again to win it all back. &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; You only actually lose once you stop betting. You know, people forget about that. You only ever lose if you stop. So the day you stop, then you lost. But if you keep betting, you're still playing the game and you could win big. Make it all back. Oh, Emily Lea on the on the anky &gt;&gt; getting hit with the toe hold back. &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. I don't have kids or a house. Kids or a wife or a house, but I lost it. Yeah, me too. &gt;&gt; Same here, brother. Emily Leva is like the ultimate just freaking scrapper who makes it a crazy match and then it goes like 30 seconds left, she'll hit a submission. Obviously, there seems to be a size difference in this one. So, it'll be harder for her to do, but she's an absolute dog. So, let's see what happens. &gt;&gt; Top right. Looks like we're going to have Destiny Beer coming out here soon against Deborah Melo. Kevin said, "Sports betting is never the way, boys. Stick to poker." Yeah, sports betting is not the way if you don't want to be a freaking legend. I want to do I want to do a jiu-jitsu/mma gambling show with Mike Perez. That's one of my It's one of my dream pieces of content to do. I don't know how often it'd be, but I want to do like a like a gambling show with me and Michael Perez where we put on like suits and we slick back our hair. We're just like just freaking greasy car salesman sports betting type of guys and we just bet on uh jiu-jitsu events and MMA events. I think it'd be so fun. Mike Mike Perez, &gt;&gt; Mike Perez, for anybody doesn't know, is familiar with the bag when it comes to to betting on like MMA cards and stuff. That boy done secured a few bags in his time, so he's got the picks. I think that would be such a funny show. We could have a little phone where you guys could call in, give your pics, you keep like a tally going. I also I saw Nichollet Kiss uh walk through. She's over on the side now talking to like what appears to be her parents or something, but now she's leaving. So, I don't know. I don't know what's going on. Mike Perez still training at San Diego. He does. If you want to lay down odds on black belt match, I'd be down to watch it. All right. All right. Now we're talking. Now we're talking. Oh, Emily getting past. She got passed. They gave the three. Yeah, she's going to do something big here to come out on top of this one. going to buggy choker. Imagine What happened? I missed I missed what just happened where she came on top, but she's not getting any points. It was just a reversal or something. Oh my goodness. Is she going to submit her from here? Is Emily going to get this? Is Hold on one second, guys. I want to watch the ending of this match. This is now we're just in a nuts position right now. It's like Emily has the arm bar, but Lauriana's entered close guard &gt;&gt; on the tow hold. Oh, don't don't flee. Okay, so she's about to get two for that. Okay, only got two. So, she needs to pass. But she's in 50/50 now. So, that's like essentially impossible to pass from &gt;&gt; nine seconds. &gt;&gt; Oh, man. Ah, yeah. Good on Lauriani. &gt;&gt; Good fight by Emily. Always down for a good fight. Uh, &gt;&gt; all right. That was a pretty sick ending to that match, though. &gt;&gt; Um, all right. Let me catch up on what you guys say. We got Nicollet Kiss up there, too. Going. &gt;&gt; What are you What are you guys say? What are you guys talking about? What are you guys talking about in here? &gt;&gt; Flo should do a vid on closing in the garage for Chris Hodder. Yeah, that'd be cool. Good idea, Trey. Maybe only adult black belt matches though because if I was a kid competitor and you gave me bad odds, it would hurt my feelings. That's true. Why don't you come to Lisbon this year? Um, we just have a lot going on in 2026 to be honest. So, we're kind of we kind of have to be more selective with everything we're going to do and how we're going to cover everything. So, Joe Gilpin flew out. He's out there right now. Uh, I stayed back behind. You can actually see Joe in the background right here. He's right there walking. I stay behind and I'm going out to Polaris next week in Wales. &gt;&gt; Buggy choking the ghee. Chris Hart should go back to competing. My first girlfriend trained for free with his wife eight years ago. That's pretty cool. So bringing her these bad manners. Yeah. I mean there's a lot of emotion that goes on during these matches and stuff. I try not to be too critical of of like the sportsmanlike conduct in small ways in in matches. Obviously like blatant disrespect and unfortunat not a good thing. But I think just sometimes, you know, it's like Emily Le's a beast. She's she's notorious now, you know, and it's like sometimes you just get amped up and like, you know, you have it going on. So, a little something sneaks out. I try not to be too critical of of that type of thing. Obviously, it's like you don't want disrespectful stuff. if you don't want sportsmanlike conduct, but it's also it's easy to be a critic. &gt;&gt; But I get what you're saying, Kevin. &gt;&gt; All right, we got Mickey back up. Is this the final or does he have like like 30 more matches? &gt;&gt; This Nichollet kiss is in this is a semiinal for her. This is a semifinal for uh Mickey and Benjamin. All right. What we got going on here? We got a &gt;&gt; female juvenile absolute. Where is the Where's the other brown belt? I guess it just went. So, they're probably gonna have to wait a little while to start the semiinal on the other side of the female brown belt. &gt;&gt; Are we gonna Are Are we getting into fishnet territory, &gt;&gt; dude? Dude, I think she's got the fishnet. I think Nicolet Kiss has the fishnet right now. I love the fishnet. Are you guys familiar with the fishnet? Shane Fishman technique to where you go like far side lock down and then you trap the leg uh on the other side of your body like this. It's It's kind of brutal, &gt;&gt; but it's like it's like similar like a lock It's obviously you're doing a lockdown, so you know, &gt;&gt; has pressure like a lockdown. Um, &gt;&gt; but it's like really hard not to get swept if someone gets you in the fishnet like this. But you can also take the back off of it. The back take is like it's pretty intricate to be honest. I really haven't &gt;&gt; been able to lock in on the on the back take as much. This is a nuts position right now between Nichollet Kiss and Hazel where she like has the fishnet but then Hazel got her leg back free so that that her Hazel's left leg back free and put it back down. So now she has a lock down on the far side leg, but then also and now she's trying to slide her knee back across. Nichollet kiss has a has a grip on the pants though to kind of stop it. Just just not where you want to be if you're Hazel. But then on the flip side, Nichollet has the lock down, but it looks like Hazel just has crazy head control. Probably putting down a lot of pressure on like Nichollet's jaw and face. &gt;&gt; What a nuts position. It's like far side lock down but with like the leg trap. Look at look up the fishnet by Shane Fishman. He has some videos breaking it down if you guys want to get more hip to it. It's pretty sick. &gt;&gt; But this is a nuts position we're looking at right here. [groaning] &gt;&gt; Did she get her leg across or Yeah. Okay. So, she got her leg all the way across. [cheering] &gt;&gt; Now she's into like a reverse half guard. &gt;&gt; Oh, wow. Threw up the close guard from there. All right. All right, Nichollet. Yeah, I actually agree, Reed. Lockdown is a thumbs down position. I like the fishnet, though, which isn't technically just straight up lockown, but yeah, lock down is a little bit of a it's kind of staly and you're also just like threatening to blow out [cheering] your opponent or training partner's knee. Like, they kind of have to accept it. need to know it to deal with black belt nuggi guys nowadays. Reed. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Reed. [cheering] &gt;&gt; So, suck on that, Reed. You need to know it if you want to deal with these black belt guys nowadays. [cheering] &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Mickey getting the dubsky there by the advantages. eight bets. &gt;&gt; Only delays the pass. &gt;&gt; Big Reed said it only delays the pass. When you got Big Reed coming at your guard, just his long hair just freaking falling everywhere. &gt;&gt; He's going nutso mode on it. That lock down's only going to delay what's inevitable. And that, my friend, is the pass. Nichollet kiss armbar. &gt;&gt; Got a weird angle on it. Oh my goodness. &gt;&gt; That's why Nicola kiss is dope. like she very much was willing to give up, you know, just the safe position to go for that arm bar and kind of keep trying to trying to rotate through and get it. And then it's like got a little dicey. &gt;&gt; Reed competes. Reed's a Reed's a pan champion. &gt;&gt; Competes more than me for sure in like the course of his entire jiu-jitsu career. He's also a black belt, but yeah, Reed's a pan champion. Got so you gota give Reed a little respect there now. &gt;&gt; But Nicollet Kiss is nuts. Go, you guys go watch the classic Reed vlog where he flies to Mexico for the Mexico City Open and uh I think he double golds when he was a blue bell back in like 2016 or something. Go watch that if you don't think Reed's out there competing. Reed's been holding it down. &gt;&gt; Yeah, there we go. That's a better chirp. Get a haircut. Get a haircut, Reed. Now we're back. We're back, Kevin. Reed, get a haircut. Got him. &gt;&gt; I might I might buzz my hair. I've been thinking about it. I might go buzzcut because then we got four people on the flow grappling team. Me, Slack, Joe, and Reed. And if I buzz my hair, then that means me and Slack will be the buzzcut boys and Reed and Joe will be the long hair boys. Nichollet Kiss with the with the decision. Let's go. &gt;&gt; Yeah. 2016 is 10 years ago, bro. That tells you how long Reed's been holding it down. Oh my god. Reed's got the Adam Wardinski cut though. You know that high fade. That is a that is a nice aerodynamic cut. Honestly, like get the Francisco low cut. Just have your have your boy just like freaking, you know, in the gym. No fade, nothing. That's how if you if you go up against a dude who just has like the the FLLA cut, no fade, nothing. Just like just a hard like just trimmed up right there. Just freaking hard lines. Uh be scared, dude, cuz you're about to get stomped. When do black belts start fighting? tomorrow, said the Redeemed Rifts. Yes, sir. Black Bells kickoff tomorrow. They'll be going tomorrow and Saturday. Um, basically should be going all day. They should start with the uh Absolute and then into the divisions tomorrow. And I believe it should kick off 3:30 a.m. Central time. So So what what time zone are you in, Redeemed? We got the purple belt uh semi-final going down here. &gt;&gt; No, it should be it should be probably quarterfinals for the male divisions. Uh we'll start Saturday and the females will probably go all the way to the finals. So, so it'll be starting Saturday will probably be the quarter belt quarterfinal males and then semiis and then it'll go into the finals where the females already go through the finals. But I would guess tomorrow the females will will compete all the way up to the finals. [clears throat] And that's without me confirming it, just like historically how it's happened in the past. All right. Is it is it almost time for us to drop the quad box and just go with a with a dual box? So, we got this semi-final and then match seven will be the brown belt open class final. This kind of this stream's kind of been going on for a while, but I figured we might as well just ride it out now until we see the winner of the the brown belt absolute final. What just happened? She finished. &gt;&gt; Oh no, they're they're resetting. Got tie her pants. Hate when I got to tie my pants. &gt;&gt; There's a good setup, Trey. Thank you. Thank you very much. I'm the king of the quad box. &gt;&gt; Yeah, this is the only thing still going on though. So, we don't even got a quad box anymore. Or we can just freaking hit that solo box. We solo boxing. We don't We don't We don't solo box that often. &gt;&gt; As a small business, you &gt;&gt; Now we got an ad. Don't buy this. Don't buy this. Don't buy this. &gt;&gt; Not a lot of dough. Bit. Has the tools you need to &gt;&gt; There we go. All right, we're locking in here for the for the end of the female. Oh, &gt;&gt; we on that solo dooo now, boys. We're locking in here for the end of the female absolute. This is the last semifinal and then we'll have the final where Nichollet Kiss is already on the other side and we're going to have our other finalist decided in this one. This Lauriana Alphonso girl, she seems kind of cool to be honest. She's the one who uh ended up beating Emily Leva. She been scrapping a little We have four. [clears throat] Who you guys want to win? Oh. Oh. Using the straight arm lock attempt to pass. &gt;&gt; Not bad. &gt;&gt; Pretty solid. Lauriani kind of knows some moves, huh? She's got some moves. &gt;&gt; All right, Lauriani, go off queen. Yeah, blue's moving it. She's smooing. She's moving a little bit. She's going for a toe hold. She's going to get this toe hold. Black does not seem like they like that toe hold to be honest. What's going on here with the leg? &gt;&gt; Is that allowed? &gt;&gt; Is that allowed? Is [snorts] that a lamp? &gt;&gt; That was cute. &gt;&gt; I was just kidding. &gt;&gt; Where are these girls from? You guys know? You guys know where they're from? Gracie Baja Curaca. Oh, damn. [cheering] Earth. [cheering] [screaming] I mean, most of them probably aren't uh European to be honest. Yes, she's from Kiraiba, Brazil. What about What about Anna Sanden? Oh, they're scrapping now. We got a scrappy poo alert to end it out here. Oh, man. They They want to make it interesting on them judges, huh? Two, two, two advantages each. We're going to decision. We got a little earpiece. Oh. Oh. Whoa. Referee says he wants the advantage. Are the other ones giving it to him? &gt;&gt; Nope. Nope. They didn't give it to him. It's always funny when one of the referees like like he wants the the whatever, but no one else No one else agrees. &gt;&gt; So he just stood has to sit back down. Is it Anna Sanden? Like is she Swedish or something? Seemed like blueg early on, but then uh I feel like late uh Black Geek kind of turned the tables quite a bit. Look at Look at how many judges are back here watching these screens. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10. And then this is like a This isn't a judge, but it's something else. We got 10 judges back here. Let's get this one right, boys. Let's get this Let's lock in on this one. All right. Let's get this one right. [laughter] Uh, [laughter] hey, let's lock in on this one. I'm just kidding. I don't even know if any of them are looking at it. There's probably like, oh, oh, oh, they took the two off and gave her the advantage. Ooh. Ooh. [screaming] Ooh. Okay. So Lauriana won that one. Video replay is great for the sport. [sighs and gasps] I don't know, man. Sometimes it just like makes things take so long. Like like a 10 like a black belt 10-minute match is already like it takes forever. But then uh just adds up so much time to it. Yeah, I assume she's pissed. All right, what do we what do we got now? We only have the final, so we're going to have to wait a little while for the final. What should we do in the meantime? The final is going to be on mat seven. What's going on over here? What's going on on mat one? Is this just like uh lagging or something? Yeah, I didn't think anything was going on here. This should be where the next final is where we're going to see Nichollet Kiss going up against Lauriana Alfonso. &gt;&gt; But I'll tell Chop Boys what. I'll tell Chop Boys what? Yeah, I mean I know it's high stakes and I know it's like you can &gt;&gt; correct some stuff, but certain point you got to take into account like that's like part of the sport. Just get to it's like I don't know. I don't know, bro. 60 million rest till finals. Yeah, we got a while. I think I think Mickey's already done. I don't think uh I think he already did his last match. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I don't think there's another match on the board besides the brown belt finals. &gt;&gt; Let me look it up real quick. Yeah, I think Mickey's already done. Let's look at uh uh until the finals. So, &gt;&gt; we got a little minute here until the finals or the the final of the the female brown belt. Let's look at uh some of the black belt. Let's check out some of the black belts for this weekend. So, let me go here. Let me go here. Let me go here. You guys can't see where I'm going, but don't worry. I'm making it happen. Let me click here. Let me click there. Bada bing, bada boom. BJ com system. You guys hit the BJJ comp system at all. Let's go. Brackets. All right. All right. So, this is BJ com system. If you guys never seen it before, this is where they kind of list out all the stuff. This is the schedule for tomorrow. This is the schedule we got for tomorrow. I'mma try and hype you boys up. All right. It's gonna be big time. But so tomorrow things will kick off. There's also Juvenile 2 going tomorrow. And we got to watch JP Tran. All right. But we have uh it'll kick off match 2, three, four, seven, eight, and then probably nine and 10. 7 8 9 are where the black belts are going to be throwing down. And it's going to kick off with the open class. We could we can look up the open class real quick. Hold on one second. I'm doing something on my other monitor that you guys can't see. Drag this in. Now you guys can see it. So let's look at who's registered for the open class. So for the male open class, black belt, Kennedy Masiel, Kennedy Masiel in the open. Okay, boys. Okay, boys. Okay, boys. Open class is the absolute division. So for black belts, they run the absolute first. So this is like you can see their weight divisions here. Super heavy, feather, super heavy, heavy, medium heavy. This will be the absolute. So, we got Kennedy in there. Igor Tanabi, fat ninja out of Bra uh Japan. That's sick. Um Marcus Kerazinho. Feel like he's like low-key a killer. Sif the Frenchman. And Anderson Kowan out of infight. He trains with Gabby Pagna. He's a beast. Uh let's see here. Higgorito, he's a beast. London Horn, that's dope. Joahow, Victor, Louise, Victor, Clay Mayfield, shout out Clay Mayfield. Eric Mun, obviously probably the favorite here. Eric Mun. So, yeah, pretty pretty cool. It looks It's like Oh, so this is another featherweight. I don't know him as well. And a lightweight here. But yeah, with Kennedy in the mix, kind of crazy. Igor Tonabi is cool. Sif's a big big boy. Eric Mun's got to be the favorite in that one though. Let's check out the female. Who? We got Sarah Galva. Sarah Gon in there. That's awesome. Let's check here. Still not going on. Let me move this over here real quick so I can keep an eye on it. Make sure we don't miss it. &gt;&gt; Y'all boys know what I'm saying. &gt;&gt; All right. So, we got Sarah Galval in there. &gt;&gt; Amanda Schz is cool. Gabby Passagna. So, th this one's not as deep to be honest. Not as many applicants. So, Gabby Passagna obviously the clear favorite in this. Imagine though, imagine Sarah Galva goes on a little run, goes on a little runk. Imagine Sarah Galvau versus Gabby Pagnagna. That's kind of crazy, dude, to be honest with you. That's crazy to think about. I said a long time ago, and by that I mean a few years ago when Sarah kind of started competing more and she was like getting more into it um when she was a blue belt because it was like, you know, who's going to dethrone Gabby Passania and now since then we've obviously seen Tayani get a win over Gabby. We've seen uh Liz Clay just submitted Gabby, but I always said it might be Sarah Galva who's the one who eventually is able to dethrone Gabby Bagna. Now, Sarah Galva is a lot smaller. She's a lot smaller than Gabby. She's a lightweight, but she's just she's just sick, you know? Like, some of these young grapplers that uh that we currently got right now coming up in the female divisions like Sarah, Helena Cravar, like it's just awesome. Like, things are looking good. So, who knows? We could see Sarah versus Gabby sign tomorrow. That'd be nuts. What's up, Sam? Welcome back. Um &gt;&gt; but yeah, so there's the open classes. Still waiting on we're Sam. We're waiting on the brown belt female absolute final and then uh that's the last match of the day. And right now we're just kind of looking at what else is coming up tomorrow. So you guys want to look at some of the brackets for the for the weight classes? If I can do that. We can do that. Let's go. Let's see. Let's look at the middle the middleweight bracket. We'll close this off. So, Tinan obviously the one seed on his side. He's got uh Matteas Barado and Joel Victor. This is not the craziest bracket to be honest. I think a re a really cool part of this one is Jose Steve. Jose Steve just got his black belt. So that's pretty awesome. He's in the mix here. Matteas Luna is an absolute killer. Underrated to be honest. So I think Matteas, you know, you got to keep your eye on him. He could make a run through here on this side. I'm just going to level with you guys. I think this side's all tiny in uh Yuri Rodriguez. I feel like that sounds familiar, but I can't quite place who that is if I'm being honest. But that does sound familiar. [gasps] I think this one's all Tyen, though. It's not the craziest bracket. I think Titan T might go all subs. Adult heavy and super heavy. All right, I got you. All right, adult heavy. It's Leo Fera in the one seed. Makes sense. Uh he ended up taking silver last year at at Europeans. He lost to Adam Wardzinski in the finals. Matteas Rodriguez at the four seat to get if we got Matteas. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. What's going on here? You guys can't see this, but we [music] just got the will be back soon screen. Whatever. Matteas Rodriguez versus Fat Ninja in the first round. That's pretty sick. That's a sick first round [music] matchup. I don't have a middle &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; You're saying like click the wheel? Oh, sick. All right, Kevin. All right, Kevin. Kevin, you dog. Sending me giving me the the little wheel click shortcut. All right, now we're talking. [music] But yeah, Matteas Rodriguez versus Fat Ninja. That's one of the best first round matchups. That one's sick. I think Leo Fera is really hard to beat. But to be honest, I also think [music] uh Jay Rodriguez is really hard to beat. So is Igor Tanabi though. We haven't seen like Igor Tanavi obviously was gone for a while, [music] but now that he's back, this one's pretty pretty nasty. Lucas Lopes really good. Uh then the other side we got Dobby Veterac and Matteas Veter. So [music] they're both in that top right quadrant. Veter bros kind of they balled out last year. Place was going nuts for them. Yeah, these are local. These are local times. So, like all the matches start 9:30 a.m. in Lisbon, which is like 3:30 a.m. uh central time. So, if you're in central time like me, starts at 3:30 a.m. But yeah, these times are are local to the event. So, this is the time it'll be in Lisbon. &gt;&gt; There's music blaring. Can you guys do you guys still hear it? &gt;&gt; What about now? Do you hear it? What about now? Do you hear it? All right, [clears throat] I think I figured it out. Uh, what time does the stream start tomorrow? I don't know. Depends what time I wake up. To be honest, it depends what time I wake up. But, uh, like I was going to say in this in the heavyweight, Nolan Stewart down here might be a sneaky favorite. So, we'll see. Nolan Stewart's a dog, but all right. I think they're they're kicking up the final here. Boom. &gt;&gt; All right, here we go. I tried to leave a little bit of IBJJF noises in there for you guys to give you some of that atmosphere, but uh let me know if it's too loud or not loud enough. [snorts] &gt;&gt; All right, let's do it, boys. We got Nichollet Kiss versus Lauriani Alfonso in the female brown bell absolute. Both these girls super game, super sick. [snorts] Who you guys got? We got like uh around 200 people in here right now. I want to see that chat flying with your predictions. Are you guys taking Nichollet kiss or are you guys taking Lauriani Alfonso? &gt;&gt; You want me You want me to get a little poll going? &gt;&gt; Boom. All right, just posted the poll. Who you guys Who you guys taking? &gt;&gt; Reed says Aonso. &gt;&gt; I'm Nick. I'm I'm a Nichollet Kiss guy myself. Nichollet Kiss the defending champion. Nichollet because she represents Sigma. &gt;&gt; Fanso Nichollet. &gt;&gt; Dang, the chat is 70. The poll is 73% of Fono so far. 33% Nichollet. Nichollet kiss mounted. Nichollet Kiss is like the silent assassin. She's like the unassuming. You would not expect her to be an absolute killer, but she's an She's a Hungarian assassin, dude. She's a sleeper cell waiting to be activated for total jiu-jitsu domination. And as you can see here, she's hunting the sub. She has her orders. She knows that it's mission critical for her to do what she needs to do and put a stop to this right now. And that's what she's doing. No, Alphonso's in blue. &gt;&gt; Thanks for sharing. I love this. Hell yeah. Glad you love it. Glad I could give you a little something you love. Nichollet kisses in white. Alphonso's in blue. &gt;&gt; Uh it was the the banner was messed up at first and then they switched it. Nichollet Kiss, I think, should make her nickname the Hungarian Sleeper Cell. How sick would that be? That's a That's a sick nickname. Nichollet kissed the Hungarian sleeper cell [snorts] waiting to be activated for jiu-jitsu domination. &gt;&gt; This is the brown belt brown belt female absolute. This is the final The good night. &gt;&gt; The good night kiss. That's [laughter] pretty good. That's pretty good, Reed. &gt;&gt; Nichollet, the good night kiss. &gt;&gt; Oh, I see y'all switching up on them votes a little bit as this match goes on, huh? It was like it was like almost 80% when it started and now it's 67%. &gt;&gt; 67% for Alphonso. Nichollet Kiss's uh poll is just rising. Nichollet just, you know, she's just inching along on that lapel. Just inching along waiting to just freaking &gt;&gt; Yeah, the banner might have messed people up. Fair enough. If you guys were watching from the beginning of the stream when I was talking about how I got a bow and arrow that'll break a dude in half, which I do. &gt;&gt; Now we've came full circle and Nichollet Kiss has a bow and arrow that'll break a break a person in half. So, but it looks like she might she might be able to get this little zipper. But if she goes bow and arrow, just be warned. &gt;&gt; Could get gory. Any tips for a fellow trash backtaker? Uh, watch some instructionals from Ethan Krellinstein or Roberto Jimenez. &gt;&gt; That would be my tip. &gt;&gt; They can they can tell you how to do it. Nichollet Kiss racking up 13 points. You guys think she's going to be able to get the uh finish here in the last 40 seconds? Con's over there snoring during this. &gt;&gt; Grabbing that toe hold. Everybody loves just grabbing a tow hold and letting it rip. Huh? She gonna go sulov stretch from here. &gt;&gt; She should have went sulov stretch. That would have been sick. Time. Nichollet kiss gets it done. 130 in the finals. Shout out Laurania Alfonso. She has some great matches as well. Just got done training. Got a bow and arrow in Noi. Might have to hit up BJ Fanatic cuz I'm the man. Let's go. That that uh that bow noi bow and arrow instructional dropping soon. Shout out Nicholas. Nichollet kiss. Some are calling Some are calling her Nichollet the good night kiss. Some are calling her Nichollet Kiss the Hungarian sleeper cell. She's an absolute dog. &gt;&gt; Absolute dog. Great performance. Nichollet kiss. Backto back Euros champ. &gt;&gt; Way to go. Way to go. Greetings from Stockholm. Welcome in. Great match. Yeah, that was a sick one. All right, boys. What you want to That should wrap it up for the divisions today. Are there any other black belt divisions you guys want to look at real quick right before I end this? I got to get out of here soon, but um look at Super Heavy. Got Eric Mun in there. It's hard not to bet against Eric Munes whenever he's in a bracket. There's Marcus Kerazino. He's a he's a sneaky good dude. Harrison Pera in there as well. Tra if you're going to Stockholm. I don't know where that where that guy trains, but go to Stark. Stark would be a sick place to train. Uh, when am I going to wake up tomorrow? So, this is the thing. I got to fly to Idaho tonight. So, then I'll be an hour ahead timewise. I'll try to start streaming by like 9:00 a.m. Pacific time. So, 10:00 a.m. Central. I'll try to start streaming by 10:00 a.m. Central tomorrow. We'll see how that works. But yeah, here's Super Heavy. Should be a dope one. What else should we look at? Let's look at uh let's look at Feather. And then let's look at Light Feather. So here's Feather. Uh Kabate should be in here. There's Kolabate, the two seed. Giwan Park is pretty dope. Sebastian Serpa in the mix. We got Sebastian Serpa and Juliano Spar. And then we got Kennedy at the one seat up here. So we could see we could see a uh Kennedy versus Cole rematch at Euros. They fought last year at at Euros and Kennedy was able to get the win or no no yeah Kennedy got the win, right? Uh Eliza Nasimento already fought today. Come try Kagalo like the the favlla in Rio de Janeiro where they just have a Kagalo in Stockholm named after that one. But yeah, Kennedy Cole potential rematch but it'll have to happen in the finals there. And then Light Feather, we got Diego P went down to Light Feather for this one. I assume making a little room for Cole in the featherweight bracket. But we also got Showya Ishagura. I'm excited to watch Showya Ishaguro. Showya is a Japanese grappler. Uh he was in the finals against Baby Shark last year at Euros. Had a great year. So I'm excited to watch Showya. But it looks like if he makes a run here, PTO makes a run, then they might meet in the semis. We got Gustavo Gawa down here. Young dude out of AOJ. Kevin Carrasco, always a beast. Malachi Edmond out of TLI. Um, he could make a run. So, some cool ones there in Light Feather. Oh, the bracket's out for the the bracket is out for the male open class. Let's see what we got here. Got Kennedy at the four seed. So, we got Kyle Pinero and Klay Mayfield up here. Winner will fight Kennedy. Sif down here. Eric Mene's the one obviously. Diego too deep in the game. Yeah, Diego's a beast. Anderson Kawan, London Horn, Marcus Kerino, Pedro Maya. Got Pedro Maya in the uh absolute. I missed his name earlier. That's dope. Igor Tonabi. So, Igor Tabi and Vladimir, the winner has to fight Higgor Brito. Higor Britto is a sneaky beast. All right. Not bad. Not bad. Not bad. Not bad. We can work with that. Let's check see if they got the female. Voila. Oh, I forgot the middle click. Sorry. All right, let's see what we got here. Gabby Passan at the one seed, of course. Lena Graassi and Patricia Pacheco. Sarah Galva at the three going up against Natasha Hero. Amanda shirts up here. Okay. Okay. Interesting. There's a there's a there's a path. I'm not I'm not overlooking any of these people. I'm not saying anything bad about anyone else. But there is a path where we see Sarah Galval vers Gabby Panagna here. You know, like let's assume Amanda Schz makes the semis on this side. Sarah can win this. Then she would have Amanda Schz. That's a sick match. Amanda Schsz versus uh Sarah Galva. Winner goes to finals. I'm just going to assume Gabby's going to make the finals on this side. Can we all assume that? So yeah, the absolute will play out first. Kennedy will be fine. I mean, a lot of times I feel like guys sometimes even just use the Absolute as a warm-up for their division. But yeah, there's a potential Sarah versus Gabby final. That's pretty sick. Let's look up Sarah's. Oops. Oops. I want to do the Boing. Okay, so Sarah has Zara Dfano. I thought, am I tripping or was Zara Brown Belt at Nogi Pans? Did she get promoted? Bizar Tano, a European grappler, she had a really good run at at Nogi Pans. Beatric Jen, Patricia Pacheco, I don't know this one seed. Or maybe I just don't recognize the name. But Sarah Versar Tfano is uh that's a pretty cool first round match. That's a pretty cool Eliza Nasto's already done, bro. Oops. I mean, I'll I'll show you how she did. What was she like? Lightweight. She took bronze. She took bronze in her division. She lost to uh Nichollet Kiss in the semi-finals. So there you go. Anything else you guys want to check before I get out of here? Yeah, no problem. [gasps] All right, boys. I think I'm gonna call it there. Make sure you guys uh are watching everything tomorrow. There's a there's a pinned there's a pinned comment with the uh with a link to sign up for flow grappling if you guys want to make sure you don't miss anything. You know, go sign up there and you can watch all the European Championship. And you know, I'll be back. I'm going to try to start streaming by like 10 a.m. Central time. We will see. We will see how that works. So, I'll try my best. Thanks, Trey. Great stream. Appreciate it. Kevin, thanks for making this entertaining. Of course, Eli, I'm glad I could do that. See you later, big dog. Big bearded. See you later. But yeah, thank you guys for watching. I'll see you guys tomorrow. Remember, we're watching the black belts tomorrow. We got black belt action tomorrow. It's going to be sick. It's finally time for the black belts. I am stoked. And also, we got JP Tran tomorrow. I've been I promised that I'm going to watch every JP Tran match this year. So, we're also going to watch a little juvenile 2 blue bell so we can watch some JP Tran. But thank you all for tuning in. Kona says thank you as well. You know, she's been sleeping over there. She she's ready to go play or something. So, I'm going to go play with Kona a little bit. But I appreciate you guys watching. I'll see you guys tomorrow for another stream. Have a good one.