Kind: captions Language: en Check. No. No. Check. Check. Okay, so guys, welcome back to the Aiga Champions League qualifiers here in Sa Paulo, Brazil. This is the South American qualifiers, day two. I'm Halty, joined by my broadcast partner, Jake Watson. Now, we were here for a very interesting and very competitive series of team encounters yesterday. We had the quarterfinals and today Jake, we're going into the semi-finals and there's a lot to talk about from yesterday. But first of all, what can the fans expect from the semi-finals today? My goodness, the way that these competitors came out and punched their ticket to the semi-final. Just if that's any indication of how today is going to go, you guys don't want to miss it. So many amazing finishes, so many I would say even like some breakout performances, right? Were on display here on the AIA stage and I'm very excited about how how it's going to go down today. Expect a lot of submissions. Expect some highlight reel moments. It's going to be awesome. It should be because if like Jake said, if anything, if yesterday is anything to go by, then we do have plenty of action to look forward to. So, what happens today? Well, we have the semi-finals and then the final. Of course, the team that wins overall will go through to the Champions League finals in Kazakhstan in 2025 to compete for the prize of $1 million. So, who do we have competing today? Well, the first semi-final will be between Andho's grappling team. Now, this is a team made up of a number of South American grapplers from countries including Argentina, Chile, and Peru. The name of course Andinho is referring to the mountain chain, the Andes that links those three nations together. And then we have against them Team Casai, something of a a super team put together featuring a number of athletes from various countries, but predominantly United States and Brazil. And then of course the second semi-final, we have team Vauite going up against team Pyramid. Now both of these teams are entirely Brazilians. Very interesting affairs. They have uh you know some teams based from in and around the Rio di Janeiro area who have been making waves on the national domestic Brazilian scene in NOI grappling and Jake said this is a potential breakout moment for some of these athletes here today in Aiga Champions League. So, knowing that we had Andinho and team Casai in this first semi-final, thinking back to yesterday, Jake, uh any performances from either of those two teams particularly stand out for you? Well, and Genos didn't have the easiest road into the semi-final, right? They had a great push back from their competition and they did end up just man really pushing through and really getting to that semi-final, right? But Casai went out there and absolutely seven to zero at ran through, right? And that's that's no disrespect. That's just kind of how it happened. They went out there and everybody except for Sebastian Rodriguez submitted everybody in the first round and then Sebastian did it near the beginning of the second round. So it was a very impressive performance by Casai. I would say of the competitors out of Casside that I was most impressed with really I would say Dorian Oliver. We we had not a lot of questions about him coming into it. But we wonder, okay, a wrestler coming into this bracket and doing jiu-jitsu with other jiu-jitsu athletes and he went out there. He looked fantastic. He he didn't even have to use his wrestling a whole lot. He did of course, but he was able to pass the guard. He was able to get the submission. And I was very impressed with Dorian on the Casai side. So then in the semi-final we have team VU Elite going up against team. So my personal standout moments from these teams. So I mean Team V Elite had a number of really nice matches. Um I'm specifically thinking of Eli Braz who after being stuck in the closed guard for the majority of the first round basically was able to break it open and catch an arm triangle choke in a matter of seconds after passing the guard right before the end of the first round. Well, then you have to look at team Pimage and they scored a number of first round submissions in their matches. They went against team Milky Galva and they were able to beat them. I think it was 4 to3 in the overall team standings, but a number of first round submissions with a number of those matches ending via heel hook showing maybe a preference for the lower body attack. So, we have a number of different teams here that have very, very different, very unique styles. And not just styles Jake, but the strategy here plays a large part as well. And we saw a lot of strategy being employed by various teams yesterday. Absolutely. Pyramid had team Milky Gonvo that they were fighting yesterday. And we saw in one of the final matches, actually the match that really decided it for them, we saw this sort of battle of strategy between Antonio Asf and Adam Nabalawi. And that was a match that for the first two rounds, it was just a grind. It was head-to-head trying really hard to get to the match to the ground. Then at the very last minute, there was a crazy submission by Antonio Azip that no one could have predicted. Him actually getting snapped down and responding with a rolling knee bar. How impressive was that? But that what we're seeing in Aiga and what I hope that the fans can expect to see and what they should be looking out for is that sort of game planning. We see that the the managers are perhaps more excited than some of these competitors because of the game plans they've concocted and how they are just very deeply invested in the team aspect of this event. Some of the names that you may look forward to seeing later on today, of course, because these teams have rather large rosters and they're able to submit alternates. So, you may have seen some faces competing yesterday, you'll have different faces today. Just to give you an idea. For example, in the team Casai, Junior Okazio returns, as does Dorian Alvarez, as does Fabricio Andre. Hanato Kenuto will compete. Andrew Tacket returns going up a weight class to 83 where he was competing at 76 yesterday. Pedro Mourinho is back as is Roberto Gimenez. some of the best known names in grappling. All of them world-class athletes and they will be competing today. On the other side, of course, the Andinho. They are definitely the underdogs in this encounter, but they were possibly also the underdogs yesterday against a Luty Brazil team. And of course, they had great strategy, showed great heart, great display of technique, and going through and taking that one to make it through into the semi-finals. So, don't sleep on that. On team Valite, now some of the standouts from that one, Nicholas Hamos had a great match yesterday, as did Gabrielle Brooj against Fernando Hayes. Now, that was one of the best most technical matches. Maybe not the most uh dynamic and you know the most acrobatic kind of matches like you may have seen from somebody such as Fabricio Andre, but a really intriguing technical matchup, right? Yeah. Not easy to beat Fabricio Andre, right? But definitely very intriguing and I think that we at the commentary desk were able to see a lot of the stuff that was going down. Uh just some of the techniques that were being displayed, the the deep halfguard intricacies and that's something that we're also seeing in Iaya, right? We're not just seeing the highlight reel stuff, the easy Instagram clips. We're seeing a deep knowledge of Brazilian jiu-jitsu. It appeals to both new fans, people who are just getting intro introduced to jiu-jitsu and people who have been doing the sport for years. So, a little about what to expect from today. And of course, we have these two semi-finals. Each team feels seven athletes in different weight categories. Now, the order of matches is to be determined. We will have a random draw. The team managers will come up onto the stage shortly. They will withdraw the names from a hat and that's how we will find out in which order these matches go. So there is no team strategy in place. You're not able to save your best guys for last. It's really a case of they all have to go out there and do their best regardless. Of course, the seven matches, it's a, you know, the best of seven. So if it's clean sweep, of course, but you know, we could see it go down 4-3 as happened yesterday. And whoever moves through into the finals, of course, then the overall winner will go on to compete in the Champions League against the other qualifiers from North America, Europe, and Asia, the other trials that are taking place. Just a reminder about the rules. If this is your first time watching AIA, the rules here are a little different. We have three fiveminute rounds, Jake. And something rather unique, maybe a hybrid rule set for a lot of people, but there's something special about the first two minutes of each m each round. Absolutely. You cannot score. The only way that you can score is with the takedown. Takedown of two points will score. You can pull guard, but you need to make a grip. And so that's something that actually happened a few times yesterday is competitors are pulling guard without a grip, and then you receive a negative point for that. you can get two points within the first two minutes with a takedown. So, it's sort of like ADCC rules. It's inspired by the ADCC rule set, but it is unique to AIA. And speaking on the round breaks in between, I think of that as an incredibly interesting dynamic for jiu-jitsu. A lot of these competitors are used to the tournament format where you fight once and you'll never fight that guy again until you see him in another tournament, right? But you are going to fight the same guy potentially three times in a row as per that logic. And that's really really interesting. It's kind of like MMA in that aspect or any other combat sport. Yeah. three five minute five five minute rounds potentially with a one-minute break. Of course, a uh submission will finish the match at any time, but does give an opportunity for the athletes to come back, talk to their corners, game plan, adjust the techniques, and come back out. And we saw that that was employed to great effect yesterday in many of the matches that took place. So, with all that being said, it's really now time to get things underway here in S. Paulo. We'll start the action shortly. We'll be coming back out to decide who the teams and uh which order the matches will take place. We'll catch you in a few minutes. That's your coffee, J. And your sugar and stuff. Cool. Okay. So, while you do this, I'm going to run to the box room. Yeah. and then we'll figure out and then I'll say [music] Then and then I'll and then I'll do this. Wow. [music] Heat. [music] Heat. [music] Heat. [music] Heat. [music] Heat. Heat. [music] [music] Heat. [music] Heat. [music] Heat. [music] Ladies and gentlemen, WELCOME TO [screaming] Today we decide the semifinal and the final to see who will move on to the group stage to compete in the center of Eurasia. And now it's time to begin our first semifinal of the evening. [screaming] game. No corner. Very angus GRAPPLING CHAMP. Managers of Angos come to the mat. In the 60 kg division, Tomas Sanchez in the 65 kg division. Lucas Cano. In the 70 kg division, LUCAS GALBUSA the 76 kg division. Pierre Paulo the 83 kg division Lo GARCIA THE 91 kg division Nicholas Thor and in the above 91 kg division Alan Menzo then their opponents in the blue corner team CASAI managers of Casai come to the mat in the 60 kg division. EDENO KAZIO the 65 kg division. Dores the 70 kg division. Fabricio Andre 76 kg division. HENATO KANUTO 83 kg division Andrew Tet 91 kg division Pedro Marinho. And in the above 91 kg division, Roberto Himenez. And now we would like to invite our chief judge, Olas Doanov, to the match. Now, we'd like to invite the managers of both teams for the drawing of lots. Our first bout takes place in the above 91 kg division. Our second bout in the under 65 kg division. Our fourth fight in the under 83 kg. 76 kg, under 60 kg division. And the final match of the semifinal will take place in the under 91 kg division. Athletes, take your seats and our first bout will begin in just a moment. [music] body. [music] [snorts] comes through with the knee pass. Yeah, we sort of we sort of had this already yesterday. We have a replay in that guys are immediately immediately pulling guard and working from bottom. This is a carbon copy replay of their strategy. This is a So passion. Oh no, we just in fact sorry we just went to the point section but I believe that the pass that he scored still in the first two minute of the match that wins for end doesn't score for the pass but still it's a great position and there was a little bit of neon neck there as well. That's a that's a pretty uh aggressive position to take, right? Yeah. You know, Roberto is really showing that regardless of what might be an apparent weight discrepancy between these two, he is just showing really fluid jiu-jitsu. I mean, this is just Roberto Himenez 101, right? He puts on an incredible pace. It's so difficult to keep up with. Oh, and then a triangle. Triangle by the triangle. Now, we see here trying to lock it up. He's got the triangle side as well. So, often times switching the lock to the other side like that will open up things like plat. And now, Roberto passing really getting creative. It seems like he's figured out a little bit of the guard of Alan Mcenzo here. Nice passing from now with a deep left arm under hook. Now, it's going to prevent Alan Mcenzo from getting up all the way, but one minute 15 seconds left in this match or at least in this round. You see, that's and that's what we were talking about in the pre-show is even I just now momentarily forgot that this is not this is not one match. But yeah, five minutes in this first round, got two rounds ahead. Roberto Jimenez up 10 to zero in this first round. Man, I love this footwork from Roberto Gimenez. He's uh he's able to get around those legs, but Menzo is going he's still he's proven to be comfortable from the bottom. He's doing well in recovering the guard and you know he's trying to suck in the leg and if there is one weakness one weakness Jake that we can point to with Roberto Gimenez is he has lost by leg lock submission in the past it's something of a in his armor. He doesn't have many, but we're being such a well-known figure, you have to think that the Anenhos team, they've done their research. They know exactly who he is and what he's got. And they're thinking if we've got one chance to catch Roberto, it's going to be with a heel hook. If you're thinking about statistics, absolutely. And that's, you know, Roberto has done a lot of work to combat that. I believe if you look at all of his losses that were by submission in the last I don't know while of competition for him then you would have to point to the leg lock being something that he's definitely been susceptible to. And right here you see the waning seconds of the round. Alenzo goes for one more little look. Round one goes to team Kasai. [music] So this is our first uh match this in this series and it is the well already interesting that it's gone through to the second round because you know very different yesterday when Casai went up against team Damian Maya. Six of their seven matches ended via first round submission. So, we talked a lot about what we could expect from this encounter between uh Anjinos and team Casai and we did point to the fact that you know the Anho's strategy was so clear yesterday. They pulled guard in every match pretty much against Li Brazil [music] and they did exactly that against Casai. So already a very different encounter in this first semi-final match compared to what Kasai had to go up to had to go through yesterday against team Damian Mayer. Perhaps a hidden strength that some of these teams going against the Casai squad have is they have a lot of research that they can do, right? Because we we have seen countless videos of every one of the competitors in team Casai. You can look up on YouTube, you can look it up on FL grappling, doesn't matter where, you can find a lot of material to study against the famous, right? They're all they're all worldrenowned. I mean, majority of them have competed extensively on the international scene, whereas let's be fair, this is nice entry on the legs. Beautiful that Magenzo knows that going for the legs against Roberto is a distinct strategy, but and this is no, there's a nice pass from Roberto. He gets almost round into the top. Nice work from the guard and really I love this pressure from Roberto Gimenez. But beautiful slides through chain passing. Perfect display of technique. But let's be honest, Jake, it's no uh it's no great offense to say that the Anenho's team, they were underdog coming into this, but they're also they're relatively unknown uh on the on the wider international scene. That that can go in their favor because nobody knows what they're capable of. Absolutely. I mean, we saw yesterday so much great technique coming out of them. Uh very well-rounded approaches from every one of their competitors. I mean, we're seeing this in the plus 91 kilogram division. Alan Mcenzo has some serious leg entries. And one thing that I like that he's doing is he's not falling for the bait that Roberto is going for. A lot of times Roberto will set up his passes in order to get somebody to turtle. And we talked about that a little bit yesterday. But Menzo when he's met with the passing situation, he's not turning his hips away. He's turning his hips towards. And now you see him going for a false. This is good for Menzo on bottom. You know, he's doing his best to try and get into the legs. you know that the strategy is clear that if you're going to go up against Roberto Jimenez, man, you you really your best chance if you want to submit him is to get into the legs and Menzo is insisting he's doing his best. It's two-0 to Roberto so far and now we enter the points period. Yeah, either that or you match his intensity for the entirety of a match and we've seen Roberto Jimenez does not have an off switch. He doesn't even have a slow down switch. Once again, passing around. Roberto now, and he's been employing a lot of the same sort of idea, pumping the legs in, looking for the under hook. Now, just shoving the leg underneath. Look at that. Easily passes into the mount. That's a big scoring sequence right there. Kind of tough to see from this angle. 5-0 for Roberto Jimenez. They're past the halfway mark as well. Definitely a great spot for Roberto Himenez to be in. Plenty of time to work too. Cycling that foot on the inside. Putting a lot of pressure down with his chest. Double under hook though might be able to get out the back door. But Roberto, look at Roberto putting that right foot on the leg to prevent the d the both arms going under to shuck him off over the top. Forced to go back into half guard. And interesting, Roberto is not opting for the full mount. He's opting just to kind of keep his right foot. He alternates between mount and putting his foot in between the legs. That is kind of curious, isn't it? You know, it's um I just think it goes to show how how comfortable Roberto is in that kind of position. And 8 Z with about 90 seconds remaining in this second round. Similar position. He's also had like enough time now to get a feel for his opponent. And I think he's realized, okay, this guy's not a walkover. You know, he's he's defended a number of attacks. You know, he did well to get out of the mounted triangle that Roberto had earlier. So, Roberto maybe is thinking, I'm not just going to I'm not just going to go all out in this guy. I'm going to try and chip away at him and see if I can, you know, find the finish on my terms. Another factor, and I' and I've brought this up on a number of occasions as well, is the cardio and just the fact that Roberto's passing style is very cumbersome. It is it is something that you have to be ready. You have to be conditioned to deal with because look at this now. Just putting pressure down with his chest. and even more points for Roberto Jimenez. Similarly dominant this round to the first round. Yeah. 100. Can you believe it? He's just racking up these points. But I'm sure though I'm sure that he would only be com he would only be satisfied with a submission victory. That's just the kind of competitor that Roberto's always been too. You don't get a a double gold 10 submission run in purple belt your first year at at purple belt. uh competing at black belt at the highest level, brown boat at the highest level, submitting some of the best competitors in the world. Black belt debut on the who's number one stage back in the ghee in the the early days versus Keenan Cornelius. Yeah, that was his black belt debut. Can you believe it? Wow. Okay, so there's Menzo now and and that that caused that caused Roberto to fail on that. You know, this is I'm not taking I'm not saying anything bad about Roberto's game, but you know, we've talked about it, you know, his his um his weaknesses, his legs, and I think he understood. Hey, I'm not going to I'm going to hang out in a shootout here. He's he's getting out. He's getting to a position where he's more comfortable. So, second round goes to Roberto Jimenez on points. We'll continue to Aren't you just so a few seconds left in this second round and I got to say this has already proven to be a very different encounter than I expected because just based on the performance of the Casai team yesterday in the the clean sweep of seven submissions in a row with six of those being first round subs. I did expect it to be um you know a repeat display of that dominance and credit to Alamzo going up against Roberto Jimenez. This is the third round. Of course, Roberto took both of those rounds by points. So, the only chance that Megan has to win this match. Oh, look at this flying triangle from Roberto. Wow. And it seems like they both had the idea to pull guard as well. And Roberto just throws his legs a little higher, improvises off of it, comes in for the take down. Now, that is not going to be considered a taked down because that's technically a sweep. It was a wrestle up, caught the ankle pick. He was already on the mat. So, he won't score two for that. But all I was going to say is that Menzo's only chance to win this match for team Andinho is to submit Roberto Himez in this third round. Yes. Yes. Roberto has definitely put himself in the driver's seat for this third round, but Mcenzo has shown and then on the leg. But Roberto very good at getting his hips away, spinning with it. Roberto stapling that leg down to the ground. It's been sort of the the principled idea of his passing. A lot of pinning, moving around, side to side movement. now posting on the throat. Haven't seen a lot of that this weekend, but definitely very effective spacing tool. I like the way that Roberto, you know, he stays so heavy on that leg and there then he goes light and he just floats over the top of it. Right. It's um it it looks so simple, but the subtleties in the application of pressure from those positions, Jake, you know, it has to be felt to be truly understood, right? Yes, absolutely. And I I can say as somebody who has shared the Master Roberto in competition, it's very awkward to deal with the level of activity he's able to put out because you expect somebody to slow down over a certain amount of time, right? But the way that he's able to chain passes together, you have to have a very specific training partner to prepare you for that kind of thing. You can conceptualize it and study it, of course, but unless you're ready to deal with pass after just right there, the same idea. Moves from one pass to another. He doesn't always disengage. He just re-engages. And that that I think is the biggest difference between the passing of Roberto Himenez and a lot of other people is he's he's not taking steps backward unless he absolutely has to. He'd rather take a step to the side so he can go forward again. And another pass for Roberto Himenez. 30 seconds into the points period as well. Yeah, three points up over the halfway through this uh third round and it really is very reminiscent of what we saw in the first and second round. So, Roberto's top control. He's just so comfortable there. But Menzo has been doing a good job of avoiding the Oh, I say avoiding the danger. There's a beginning of a D choke there. And now the brief moment of back exposure. And I was going to say if there's one place you do not want Roberto Jimenez, it's on your back. You can see the urgency. Menzo put his back flat on the mat and would rather I think be in bottom mount than have Roberto on his back. Now seven to zero. So far, positional dominance is the word best used to describe this three round match. the Angelinos team member Alamzo, you know, yesterday when he fought, he won via Armbar in the second round against Fabio Dutra. That was a tough match because his wreston a heavyweight opponent was um let's say rather cautious and didn't want to engage too much but Menzo's guard was a a factor and Menzo has not been able to use his guard much because Roberto has always found a way around it and through it. But that's not to say that Menzo hasn't had his moments where he's he's thrown up attacks. You know, he he's looking for Oh, look at the smother from Roberto Gimenez. But it's very difficult to attack your opponent when you're just completely on the defensive like like Enzo is now because Roberto Jimenez has just settled into this into this kind of pace where he's just like, "All right, I can't I can't crack the shell. You're not giving me anything. I'm just going to make you suffer." You know, to Menzo's credit, he has tried different creative ways to get under the legs. I think Roberto has been very careful as well, though. If you notice, he's controlling the ankles a lot. And look at this last hailmary attempt by Menzo spinning through. But again, look, Roberto prioritizes defense over offense in that situation. All right, last 15 seconds now. Roberto Jimenez moves around in top controller once again. The knee on neck. That is such an uncomfortable position. 100-0 to round out this final round of three. And that is a victory. An overall victory on points for team Casai in the first of this seven match series. Your winner by points representing team Casai Roberto [screaming] Jimenez. The score is now one to zero in favor of team. Well, it was a very convincing win for Roberto Jimenez there. I mean, that's a good start for Casai, and they're in good spirits when you look at them over in the corner. We're just going to wipe wipe down the sweat off this uh big big mat that we have in front of us. And we'll be back in just a second with the second round. Yeah. Our next bout takes place in the 65 kg division on grappling team. LUCAS and representing team Casai Dorian. Got the got the entire got the entire Casai team looking at me and trying to make me laugh while I'm doing the ring announcing. But we're back on it. Dorian opening up with a faint right off the bat. No surprise that uh Lucas Kanto sits to guard. This was the playbook for the Andinho team yesterday in their encounter with Lutra Brazil. And that is exactly what they're doing here again against Casai. On top in the all black is Dorian Olivarez from Houston, Texas. teenager, ADCC trials winner, national wrestling champion, number one ranked high school wrestler in the United States. And on bottom is Lucas Kanto, who impressed us yesterday, Jake. You know, he had a uh he had a tough match against uh Marcus Palo Montero of Team Lut. He was able to win that one on points, but Dorian Olivarez impressed us so much with a really powerful strangle. He had a seated katakatami. It's an arm triangle choke that looks very similar to a guillotine. And that that is pretty much what you can expect from Dorian Nolivares because he's got relentless passing from top position. Endless gas tank and when he gets around the guard, he's very, very good at attacking the head and neck. Great front headlock series of attacks. Look at this though. Trying to draw an arm in was Lucas Kanto. But Dorian Olivarez, he has a great style of kind of in and out. Yeah, if you were watching his 2023 80C East Coast trials performance where he won gold and pretty much sent shock waves to the jiu-jitsu world, this man, this side to side pressure, it's endless. He never stops. He never slows down with this sort of a thing. And so he is just moving side to side and eventually becomes a lot to keep up with. He can he can keep this pace up with three, five minute rounds, no problem. and that relentless side to side pressure passing that he employs mixed in with great footwork. Man, he took out some big names on the road to that ADCC qualifying win. Now, he took out Gianni Grippo. He took out Ethan Krellston, took out multiple black belts. And even though he may only be a a teenage purple belt, doesn't really accurately reflect his abilities, but look at the flexibility from Lucas Kando on bottom. great guard, very active, doing his best to try and grab hold of Dorian. And Dorian never seems really frustrated with his inability to pass at the moment because he knows that he's chipping away. It's a matter of time, I think, for him. You know, he knows I just keep this pressure on, eventually I'll break my opponent. All that being said, though, Lucas Canal is doing the right things in the situation. He's playing a defensive guard, but he's he's looking for opportunities as Dorian comes in. It's just so difficult because Dorian never stays in the same place. The shield half guard here. You see Dorian if he can make that. There it is. He pops off that arm. He's going for the under hook. He's in the kind of an open half here. He's trying to clear that that inside leg, step over the knee, try and occupy that inside space. But look at the inversion and the flexibility from Lucas Kto. Jake, you know, if you uh if you're going to go up against somebody like Dorian Olivaris, and you know, if you're going to go up against somebody with that kind of pressure, you have to say that Lucas Kanto so far, he's doing all the right things. You having to bring your legs all the way around like this can get really tiring, though. And that and he's doing the right things. He's looking for arms. I would say a really good bet for him would be to try to time Dorian on the approach and try to set up sort of that double trouble. Look for an arm and like at least here on the legs. Really try to get a solid connection around the legs. Really try to bring that into a leg entanglement and try to put Dorian in a position where he might be less comfortable. I would say in the leg entanglement game, that would probably be where Dorian might not be as comfortable. Now, I don't know what kind of training he's doing, but if I had to guess, that would be where I would go. Very quick footwork. The way that he switches directions, you see he's trying to control those legs and to throw them by. He's trying to trying to remove those obstacles in his path to controlling the upper body. He's looking for head of He's especially looking for head control. He's looking for under hooks. He's looking for head control because one thing that that we've seen from Dorian in the past is that, you know, probably as a result of his extensive background in wrestling, if he can get a hold of the head and neck, I mean, he's got great front headlock there. He's trying to go for the under hook. He's trying to get head control and he's got great attacks from there. He used um he cycled through a number of attacks yesterday. Front headlock to a guillotine and then finished with a the seated katakatami. We've seen him use rear naked kids. We've seen him use ar you know the high-risisk guillotines. But I got to say that even though he's given up the under hook here, Lucas Kanto is doing a really good job of not allowing Dorian Olivarez to occupy that inside space. He's not allowing him to get chest to chest. That inside knee is proving to be very tricky. And with this clock running down, this is the second match in this series that will go through to into the second round. Round one declared a draw. Hound. So, one thing I like about Aiger in general is when you look over in between rounds and you have all of them team members [music] talking to their athletes. They're all invested in this result, Jake. You look at the Casai team, they're all on their feet. They're all next to Dorian. You look over at Andinho, it's the same situation. So much rides on every match. You know, there is it all comes down to the team. At the end of the day, it's a series of individ individual performances that represent your team. And it's competitors who will share the M. They'll be on the mat later. Like these guys are going to compete later. It's not like they have a dedicated team of medical professionals. These guys are chipping in and kind of sticking their necks out for each other in this format. Round two. And there on the legs is Dorian Olivar. Is that that Jake? That's two points in the first 5 seconds. I think that's really smart because that first round was 000. And now keep it. Look at the pace he's already putting on. Ramping it up right off the bat to try to get this pass going. Cuz we knew that Angelinos were going to pull guard, right? They've done it again and again and again. And you know, Lucas Kanto again, that flexible guard. He was able to pull guard in the first round, denied Dorian the takedown points. Dorian came out and got that so quick this time. Again, look at the pressure. But I feel like Dorian's is it just me or is he he's moved up a gear? I think he's definitely kicked gone into another gear for sure. He one thing that's really cool that I'm noticing Dorian doing is he's moving around to north south so quickly and he's trying to force almost the reverse double under right and when he does that he knows that Lucas is going to defend so he tries to hook the leg and pass around to the side sort of like a leg drag. So I think there's a system behind what Dorian is trying to accomplish whenever he does that. Got that he's getting higher up the body as well. If you look at that, you know, it's Lucas is doing a great job. Every time Dorian passes and Dorian passes almost exclusively to this direction. Oh, look at this. Nice work there on the plat. And now in on the legs. But look at the strength of Dorian Oliver. You know, I was going to say that every time that that Dorian passes, he goes to his left. He he goes to the to the right side of Lucas Kanto. And Lucas Kanto, you know, even when Dorian's able to get a deep under hook, his guard is still so dangerous. And that that's the best attack that Lucas Kanto has had from bottom so far. And and I imagine he might be a little frustrated gets that deep on the leg and then it's just dealt with so quickly, right? That and when you're in a position like Lucas Kto, you're fighting for now seven minutes against the same pressure passing that hasn't let up. In fact, it's only gotten faster. All right, points are now active. So, it is still two to Dorian Olivarez, but look at this. This is different. This is better for Kanto. He's got full guard. He's been playing a lot from half guard. He briefly had kind of a decent butterfly guard there, but now it's half guard on the other side. I think that's what I mean is Dorian doesn't he he's not hanging out in a disadvantageous position for too long. Now, everybody has a kind of a good side and you see Dorian deciding to pass to the other side now. I wonder if he feels like, okay, you know, Lucas Kanto's his right side is the strongest. Maybe he's going to test out the left to see if it's any weaker. But closed guard now. And Dorian doing a really good job. I mean, we saw so many matches yesterday, Jake, where guys were stuck for extended periods if in closed guard. You want to know how to open the closed guard? Just look at what Dorian did right there. Yeah, that's probably the safest way in Noki to open the closed guard, but it's still difficult. It doesn't come without its own hint of danger as well. you are susceptible potentially to Kgard. But what Dorian did that was very good is he row and here we go. That was a nice turnover there. Briefly got him to the turtle. And to be honest, I think Dorian that's a good strategy. He doesn't need to pass the guard. If he can also get the guy to turtle that exposes the head and neck. This is exactly what he's doing here. He's got him to his knees. He's head and neck. He's in front headlock series. Will we see him go for the back or will we see him use a similar attack to as we saw yesterday? Yeah, he's got that left knee pinned under now. Forcing that right arm through. He is He's bringing the right arm through. We could see Anacondo. We could see the seated gat. Yeah, he drops through it. Seated Katakatami. Could this BE IT? AND THAT'S IT. Second round submission for Dorian Olivarez. At 3 minutes and 35 seconds of the second round, Casai take the second match in a row in this series. in the first by submission. And your winner by submissioning team DORIS wasn't easy. had to really work hard to try and find a way around to solve the puzzle that was the guard of Lucas Kanto. But eventually the guard pass, even though he'd been hunting him for it for so long, the guard pass wasn't actually what led to that submission, it was actually the turnover to Turtle, and we talked a lot, well, I specifically mentioned a number of times about Dorian Olivar's front headlock attacks. I mean, from from that four-point position, did not take him long to find the submission. No. And he kept that pace up the entire time. And like you had said, he goes and goes and goes because he knows eventually something's going to break. There's going to be an opening. And as soon as he found it, he took it. Our next bout takes place in the 70 kg division. Introducing first out of grappling team, Lucas Galera. [screaming] LUCAS GERENT ANDREAS ANDRE ALL RIGHT, so the Hokagi show is back and there's the power up. Match starts in the all black is Fabricu Andre in the black and red is Lucas Galbusa. And again, the Ango's team member they immediately pull guard. Fabricio Andre is such a character, man. I mean, his match yesterday was basically an extended highlight reel. He's such a showman. He's now based here in S. Paulo. He is originally of course from Manouse in the Amazon and he's now living here training at Alliance HQ and representing the Casai team and uh obviously being a transplant here in S. Paulo, he has a lot of a lot of fans, a lot of fans in general all over the world. We had a lot of fans here. Oh, look at this. I never see Hokagi go back for leg locks, but this is interesting. What is what is he doing here, Jake? Well, it's a straight ankle lock, but it's hard to see from our angle if the heel is slipping out. Looks like he doesn't have quite the angle on it. Was just was just sort of arching it. One thing I like about Fabricio Andre ji ji ji ji ji ji ji ji ji jiu is almost looks like he's always playing like it's very intense of course but he he looks like he's having an actually genuinely good time out there. Yeah, I think Frisio Andre is never happier when he's in that flow state on the mat. This is something that we rarely see from him, isn't it? It's like kind of a leg lock shootout especially dropping back on a leg as well. It's so unusual but perhaps experimenting. Yeah, I mean it's always you know as an athlete you always want to develop your game. You always want to evolve. You always want to try new things. And he has managed to wrap up the straight ankle here. But you see how the the foot is able to slip out. Yes. Yeah. Gobles is doing his best to try and attack and try and maintain his discipline in these positions, but there's absolutely no no intention whatsoever from Gosera coming up on top. And we did see that yesterday in his matches as well, right? In his match yesterday, I should say. The Argentinian, he was just really focused on fighting from guard. And yesterday, you know what happened there was he ended up uh actually losing his match on a decision and I think that was maybe no bit of a if I was him if I was his coaches it' be a bit of a wakeup call be like hey maybe you need to switch things up a bit but trying to do that against Hukagi is uh that's a tough test it's very interesting fabricio is wrapping that foot and reaching all the way through to the toes sort of doing a one-handed hold I like the bite on the foot but what Galet is doing really really well is he's keeping his foot on the inside to prevent prevent Fabricio from getting the angle that he needs to get in order to actually initiate that foot lock. So, Fabricio, if he was able to sort of deal with that free leg and turn with the foot lock, it would have been a lot stronger. Look at the speed of that knee cut. The acceleration of Hokagi. And not just that, but the I mean that opening was there for the just a fraction of a second. and he's able to to identify those opportunities and take action on them. Nice attempt at the stomp pass there. That's a decent passing position for Hokag. He's trying to capture the hips. Oh my goodness. Throwing the leg out of the way to keep this pass going. Lifting up the head. Switching direction now is Fabric Andre. He's putting Alba under a lot of pressure here. You see him just grab the ankle and throw the leg out of the way. What an interesting I we don't see a lot of people do that but it's very powerful good late stage defense from Galpera Andreas putting on lots of pressure there but wasn't able to make meaningful contact with the upper body because you know first when you're passing the guard Jake you got to deal with the legs you got to get past the hips then you've got to secure the upper body and if that sequence isn't you know completed fully if there's if you're not controlling the hips you know all All of a sudden you find that the guy is out and away. If you're not controlling the legs, then suddenly there's a leg back in in in between you. So it's a it's an algorithm that's quite logical in how it functions, but it's not as easy as it sounds, shall we say. Not at all. And as it gets more and more into the second and third round, you get more slippery. It's even harder to hold people. And that's a very real thing. And that's why a lot of the concepts in Noki is to get really concrete grips where you're connecting your hands together. It doesn't really matter if they're slippery or not. you're not getting that same sort of hold with one arm around the back or another grip like that to where you could slip off. You're trying to get concrete controls. And that's another thing about the AGA rule set is every competitor is required to wear spats and so meaning um leg compression sleeves and that that actually does add a little bit of friction. It makes it a little easier for you to control your opponent's legs. Last 10 seconds. Zero zero in this round. Hagi has done his best to try and find a way around the guard, but Kuzera has put up plenty of uh resistance so far, and that means that we will go through into the second round. Round one draw. So very different match in this first round compared to Fabricio Fabricio Andre's first round yesterday which was just an extended highlight reel where he was able to just absolutely stunt on his opponents. Gosera did have a full three round match yesterday in his uh in his match as part of the series between Andino and Livery which he lost on decision in a close match we should say but having taken for Andre now into this second period well this is an opportunity for them to game plan I don't see any great deviation from the Andinho's team in their game plan I imagine Gobles [music] is going to pull guard again the question is How is Frisio Andre going to adapt his game plan for his opponents? Definitely going to be interesting to see. Fabricio now coming forward getting that an angle pick. Would that be two points? That was quick. And they're going to give him the two. Wow. Fabricio Andre with the lightning quick ankle pick. That was nice. The reaction time on that. Now that is very similar to what happened with Dorian Olivarez in the last round that you know he came out and having gone zero in his first round what did he do he came out and within the first f first five seconds he got takedown points and that's exactly what Fabric Andre did his so the Casai guys have realized okay we know the strategy from theos they're going to pull guard so that means that we need to we need to score takedown points as quickly as possible to get an advantage over them you know we got a lot of mines in the corner of the Casai grappling squad. We got Victor Doria, William Tacket, we got and look at this. Another great passing opportunity for Fabricio Andre. And now if he does settle on the side control with the knee belly, inching forward a little bit more. I like the deep head control with the right arm. Look at that. Forces Galbusa flat on the mat. Now he's in mount. So much pressure. Yeah, this is great. But of course, even though he's on top and he's really Oh, look at Grap. He's uh putting a lot of pressure on here now. Moving slowly around to the back. Still, this is the uh earlier stage of the match, so there's no points, but you think he's going high for possibly back triangle here? Looks like it, right? I can't quite unfortunately they've rolled away from us. We can't quite see the angle. Oh, he is. He's trying to triangle his legs. He's going to go armbar. And the lock is right over the opposite hand. So, that armbar is going to come on quick. You see it right there. And arm bar submission for Fabricio Andre. Beautiful finish for Fabricio Andre with the second round submission after a very tricky first round. Just doesn't leave any doubts and after two minutes gets the submission. And your winner by submission due to an arm bar out of team AND the score is now three to zero in favor of team. is Victoria. So Casai of course this series is in total seven matches with three victories in a row, two of those [music] by way of submission. If they win this match, the next match now, which is Sebastian Rodriguez versus Lo Garcia Morato, then uh oh, excuse me. know is Andrew Tacket has actually moved up to the 83 kg division, excuse me, and he'll be competing against Lo Garcia. If Andrew Tacket can get this done, well, that means that Casai win the series overall. Our next bout takes place in the 83 kg division representing grappling team. Grappling Lu GARCIA and representing team ANDREW T. All right, fourth match in this seven match series. Andrew Tacket returns a bit higher weight class. He competed at the 76 division yesterday. He's gone up to 83. Andrew Tacket. I mean, we know he's a showman. We know that he's very unpredictable. Thrives in the chaos. Jake seems like it's not even as much chaos as like just him having kids control, you know, like but there is an element of chaos, too, though. So, I don't necessarily disagree because he he's just able to navigate through that kind of stuff and he's got an eye for it so much so that it almost seems confusing. Like, who comes up with ideas like that? Well, he's very Oh, there is the big double leg into side control. Yeah, he catches both the legs with the tackle and hops over into side control. So, that's two points on the board for Andrew Tacket. And he's in a great attacking position now. But I feel like Andrew Tacket, he improvises so much during his matches. Of course, there's a lot of technique, high level technique, black belt, worldclass black belt level technique, but it's almost like watching a jazz musician just riff because the way that he just he's so creative in his sequences. You think, man, how does he even do that? But it's such a show when it happens. It absolutely is. And right now, what we're seeing is Andrew Tacken applying a lot of pressure with that left arm. Now, you see how he's used his he's got his left hip underneath the right elbow. That's very important that he keeps that. And you can see Lo Garcia does not want his right elbow where it is right now. If Andrew is able to continue, he might get rolled over if he's not careful, but if Andrew was able to continue to move that right elbow away, away away from Lo Garcia, then he would have had an opportunity to go to mount, possibly throw a triangle from side control, some other Andrew Tacket level crazy thing. Andrew Tacket was able to win his match yesterday, a first round submission by a rear naked choke, one arm rear naked choke if I remember correctly. And uh to his credit, Lal Garcia. Oh, he's not in a good spot here. Getting over the back. Oh no, he's switched to the triangle. Andrew Tech's gone to the triangle. He's cutting the angle here. This is on Jake. A lot of pressure going on. We could see the tap in just a few seconds. This could punch Casai's ticket to the final. Trying to pass the arm across. Lug Garcia is doing his best to defend. He's hooking the leg. Andrew Tacket has hooked the leg. That hand hovered for a second. That amplifies the pressure. It amplifies the pressure so much how to underhook the leg like that. But going back square, team Casai advance into the final here of the South American Aiga qualifiers. Andrew Tagit, fixes his hair, and celebrates a submission win, his second of the weekend, and Casai's third submission in a row. And your winner by submission due to a triangle choke, Andrew T. team has officially moved on to the final. The score is now four to zero in favor of team Casai. Well, Andrew Teit, he put a bow on that one, didn't he? cycled through the positions when he got that triangle choke. It wasn't a quick finish. You know, he had to work at it. His opponent La Garcia definitely resisted as long as he could, but there was no escape. And that's fourth victory in a row. Very impressive result for Team Casai, their third submission. And we're just seconds away from the next round. Our next bout takes place in the 76 kilograming team. and representing team. Hitting the mats here at the Aiga Champions League Brazil qualifier for the first time is Hanato Kuto returning to competition in a big way. Haven't seen Hanato in the NOI scene until recently. He entered the competition scene again, but hadn't seen him compete since ADCC 2022. now back in a big way. Very active in the Noki scene. Good to see him here. Part of team Casai. Highflying and absolutely dynamic. But Piero looked fantastic yesterday, too. Great wrestling base. Had an absolute dog fight of a battle. What's interesting is Henato got here I think three days or two days ago to S Paulo Brazil. He'll have to go back home following the conclusion of this event but was able to get out here for the competition. Look at Pier Balo coming forward. Lot of aggression being very physical right off the bat as well. Remember ladies and gentlemen that Global is brought to you by Acai Republic. Referee's calling for them to restart in the center. A lot of matches yesterday went actually completely off of the stage. And this is a big stage, too. This is not a stage that's easy to fall off of, but these competitors very aggressive. They found a way. Yeah, that happens a lot yesterday. A Pierre Paulo is a very physical grappler and very elusive. Now, his opponent yesterday, Jeffson Pontes, took him off the edge of the mat more times than I can remember. And Hanatu Kuto is a um he's a different kind of different kind of grappler that's been described as elusive himself. Very explosive. And there is a takedown attempt. But look at that 10finger guillotine from Pierre Paulo. It's almost like he's waiting for that shot to catch it. Jake, you know what's funny is he did that so many times yesterday versus Jefferson Pontes and that was a wrestling battle really that that was a match that was decided by the activity on the feet. It was and we're seeing that here too. Henato uh you know we had remarked that he is a very highflying dynamic competitor but he hasn't had a secure wrap on the body of PR Paulo yet on the feet but keep in mind that threat is there at all times with him. It definitely is. And you know something important to note as well is that Hinata Kudo we saw just an absolutely spectacular flying scissors heel hook take down submission in the UFC fight pass very recently. And that was just about 10 days ago. Beautiful uchim matter from the clinch and goes into the mount onto the back. That was a beautiful take down, Jake. Look at that. This could be trouble and plenty of time to work. 5-0 for Kuto. What I was about to say was you never know what to expect with Kuto. And while as I was saying, he could easily throw up a flying sig flying scissors. He hits that fantastic Gucci mata from the from the wizard. And yesterday we saw Pier Paulo just so comfortable on the feet too. You got to think that he was not expecting that kind of takedown attack from Hano Canono. Well, I think that it's more likely you expect a tackle, right? You expect a double leg, you expect a single leg and uh that's really the, you know, one of the only times that we've seen an upper body throw in this competition. Of course, yesterday we saw Fabricio Andre do similar big hip toss and you know we saw even front headlock kind of throw but uh yeah first time we saw the mata from the from the over hook and very effective indeed. Kuto on the back with the body triangle. Five points to zero with just under 90 seconds to work. Really working for this choke though. You know something we can reveal that he told us yesterday hasn't been announced yet, but his MMA debut is very, very soon. He has a date. It's going to take place in Asia and we should see him compete in a fight to be announced very soon. Can only imagine what organization that might be for. I'll leave it open for you guys to uh figure it out. But yeah, don't want to spoil the announcement just yet, but Kuto, look at this. He's doing his best to try and Oh, there he goes. He goes under it with the right arm. Right arm is Oh, this could BE IT. AND THAT'S IT. First round renegade choke for Henato Kenuto. [cheering] Took a little over four minutes. 4 minutes and 18 seconds to find that finish. But Henu Konuto, wow, what an impressive win there. Take down positional control. Fight end in submission. What a win. And your winner by submission to a rear naked choke representing team Kasai. HATO. SO, Herato Kuto continues the dominance of team Casai. It is now five matches to zero against Andos. [music] Of course, they are already qualified. These matches are a formality, but there's still plenty of pride on the line here, Jake. You know, these matches are not meaningless in that sense anymore. But uh Hinata Konuto, this was his first time competing here at Aiger. He did not compete yesterday, but uh a very impressive win indeed. [music] Yeah, and he opened up in a big way. You know, it's exciting to see Kuto back in competition after some time away. We hadn't seen him since ADCC 2022 Worlds. Took some time, trained hard, and now he's back competing actively. And man, I love to see it. He possesses such a dynamic and unique style. It's so great for super fight showcases. It's got to be so easy for organizers to book him because he's so excited. Our next bout takes place in the 60 kilogram division. Introducing first out of Angelino's grappling team, Tomas Sanchez. Presenting teamasio. So now we go down into the 60 kg division. This is the lightest of the all the weight categories. Junior Okazio had a really impressive uh first round submission yesterday in his match. He was able to win that one by heel hook in 1 minute and 25. And Thomas Sanchez, he lost his match on points. It was a hard fought match actually, but it's uh unusually compared to the other matches with the Andinho. It's Juny who gets down to the mat first and he only had one hand with fingers interlocked. Then Tomas actually looked up at the ref and questioned whether or not it was an accurate guard pull, but Juny know Jun has been pulling guard in that way for a very long time. Oh yeah, he's got the timing down for sure. Thomas had to go up against the uh the very powerful figure of Gul and Magal and that was one of the highlights already. Remember Gulan just absolutely launched him through the air with the front headlock, outwrestled him. But this is going to be a very different match cuz Jun is not known for his wrestling is he Jake? No, not at all. But he is known for being an incredible tactician and whether it's sweeping. I mean, he he knows what he needs to do to be able to win even if he knows that it'll only be by a small margin in some instances, right? Situation by situation, he's one of the great minds in this weight division. That's one of the reasons why he's a Nogi world champion. And stylistically, this is exactly what you can expect from Jun Kazio. He's a leg locker. He is a leg locker. One of those guys absolutely a leg locker. If you're going to straight ankle could turn this into an Aoki. Jody's working on that leg. Hand fighting is Thomas Sanchez. And that's it. Oh, gets the tap. 1 minute and 40 seconds. Julio Kazio just a few seconds longer than his match yesterday. Gets the gets the tap. Couldn't quite see if it was a straight ankle, but great win. And your winner by submission due to a foot lock out of team Casai Juno Kazio. Well, they are not hanging around, are they, Jake? And we This is now the the sixth match of seven that has gone in favor of Casai. And of those six matches, five have ended by submission. Three of them in the first round. Yeah, very impressive. We only have one more to go. That will be Pedro [music] Pedro Mourinho up against Nicholas Thorne in the over 91 kg division. We'll be should uh get started any second now. Our next bout takes place in the 91 kg division representing on grappling team Nicholas. GRAPPLING out of team. So this is the final match in the series between Casai Pedro Mourinho in the all black versus Nicholas Dawn representing Anjinos in the black and red. Pedro Mourinho he won by first round submission yesterday as well in I would describe it as a very violent very intense match. Less than two minutes for him to win by surprise surprise guillotine. Of course, Pedro Mourinho known for his very powerful guillotine joke. And definitely an incredible Oh, and he might get another one here. How immediately Nicholas Thornne shoots in. Pedro's got the wrap around the neck. Could this be another Minho team? Chin high up in the middle of the back. You can see him working. Pedro's just got an absolutely savage squeeze from this position. Very interesting finishing mechanics. A little bit of chin strap, a little little bit of tent finger, but he's got arm in it seems. Yeah, he does. Adjusts, forces Nicholas Thornne down briefly, but Nicholas Thornne back up into this uh turtle position. If there's one position I can think of I would not want to be with Pedro Marinho, it's right here. Yeah, you don't get a nickname like like the Marinho team unless you've guillotined a lot of people, right? And so I I've heard that Pedro Mourinho's guillotine. Now he transitions it to the Anaconda. Yeah, he kind of fed the right hand through still working for it. You may see him go Anaconda from this. And this is how they interplay, right? You can switch from one attack to the other. NOW HE'S GOT 10 finger guillotine forces HIM TO HIS BACK AND THE SUBMISSION. We can't keep letting him get away with it. Wow. 94 seconds was all it took. This is like almost like these guys are out here to kind of compete against each other who can get the best and the fastest submission. Pedro Mourinho guillotine just like yesterday. And your winner by submission due to a guillotine choke representing team. Oh, so Pedro Mourinho nearly a clean sweep following his submission. Six to one in favor of Casai. And Pedro Mourinho actually gets the fastest submission from the Casai squad. 1 minute and 34 seconds. The second fastest submission with Junior Okazio in 1 minute 40. A very strong win there for team Casai. They had a clean sweep yesterday with seven submissions, seven matches. Six matches ended by submission here in this second encounter, but they win the semi-final. And that means that they will go through into the final against the winner of this next team series coming up soon. And we'd like to invite both teams back up to the mat for the official announcement. announce your official. Ladies and gentlemen, your winner with a score of seven wins and no losses. TEAM CLASSIFIC seven matches to zero. Clean sweep for team Casai. Very very impressive result. Six of those being by [music] submission. Rabutoo Jimenez wins on points. Dorian Olvarez by Katakatami. Fabisu Andre by armbar. Andrew Tei by [music] triangle. Hatuk by rear naked choke. Junior Okazi by uh Aoki lock and Pedro Mourinho with his very well-known guillotine and really interesting to see guys like Pedro Marinho and Roberto Jimenez who competed against each other so many times in the past now teammates here in the same squad sharing the mats together and they'll make it through into the finals and we'll find out who they'll face. It'll be this next semi-final between Team V Elite and Team Pyramid coming up shortly. And now, ladies and gentlemen, it's time to begin our second semifinal of the AIA Champions League Brazil qualifier, brought to you by Republic Champions League. No.