Kind: captions Language: en What's up, boys? People trickling in. Can you guys hear me? We're back live. You guys see the new graphic? Got a sick new graphic that says I'll be right back. I'm not 100% sure what's going on with the chat. I can't see the chat on my end yet, but we're going to work through it. We're going to see what we can do. We're going to see if we can get all this sorted out and uh get this stream going for everybody. Go ahead and start sounding off in the chat if you guys are here so I can see if this is even working. [Music] See Jordan von Strangle. What's up, Jordan? I know I can always count on my boy Jordan to pull up pull up to the party. I'm gonna give it a second here. I also really need to figure out how to fix this chat thing. So, I'm trying to talk with you guys more than just stream myself. Um, okay. Boom. All right, there we go. Now I got some some chat on the screen. All right. What's up everybody? Welcome in. Welcome to it today. Today Today I think the plan is this is what we're going to do. I got some Shanji Habero matches queued up. All right. And I think we're going to try and watch some classic Shani matches. Um, we'll see how that goes. Maybe we can watch some other stuff, too. Obviously, who's Number One is this Friday, December 5th. A lot of big matches. Luke Griffith and Philipe Penna going to be competing for the Who's Number One Heavyweight title. A lot of other stuff going on. And so, we're gonna I don't know. We can bounce around. We can watch whatever you guys want to watch to be honest. So, let me know in the comments if there's something else you'd you'd rather be watching. But, I think we're going to watch some matches and then we can do whatever. So, let's kick it off. To start, we're going to dive into some classic Shanji Hero matches. Now, I got a few pulled up. I got a few pulled up here. Obviously, the Roost match is a classic from his ADCC 2017 run where he hit that insane arm bar, but I was also, you know, we got to throw it back to the roots a little bit here. And this is an old Shani versus Roger Gracie match. Let me see here. This is 2008. This is a 2008 match where Shan Gi and Roger fought for the absolute title at Worlds. So, this is the absolute final. This is also the crazy one. I don't know how much you guys know about Shanji Lore, but this is the match where Gracie Baja was screaming at him and then he told the crowd to shut up afterwards. So, potentially something there. We'll see. But then the other ones, this is a Shani loss, but it's just a sick match. Shanji versus Buchesa in 2017. But I was thinking we can watch some of those, go from there, and then who knows, maybe we can uh watch some like a like a recent Philippe Penna match or a recent Luke Griffith match also just to get prepared for their big clash. Who's number one? 31. I don't I I feel like you guys aren't really chatting a lot so far, you know, and I need that support. I need that support of the chat so that I don't have to just come up with stuff to say this entire time. So, you know, start firing it off if you're in there. I'm also having issues on my end making sure the chat's actually working because I'm I'm trying to I'm trying to use OBS this time so we can, you know, flip through some easy little little solo shot, little picturein picture. You guys know how it is. But let's get into it. First, let's watch Rust versus Shanji Habro. This is obviously like uh it's not a crazy classic match. Like I don't know, is 2017 ADCC considered a classic match at this time? Like I guess maybe so in the jiu-jitsu the jiu-jitsu landscape the the jiu-jitsu world, you know, happens fast. So I guess this could be a classic match. But let's watch this one. This is ADCC 2017. This is the one that's in Finland. I wasn't at this ADCC, but I've always heard great things about this ADCC. It was obviously like a smaller one. 2019 was in Anaheim. That one was bigger. And then obviously 2022 is I think one of the greatest events of all time in uh Thomas and Mack in Las Vegas. This is a little more back rootsy, you know, just like just the jiu-jitsu communities here in Finland watching this one. And then I got to say, dude, Rootom alltime body hair guy. When it comes to the best body hair in jiu-jitsu, Rootom got to be up there for one of the top spots. Like this guy can't this guy can't roll shirtless because he's always got just a sweater on no matter what. And that's incredible. Bras bad boy. What's up Bras? This is your division. The toughest division in ADCC history. You talking about this one specifically at 2017 or you just talking about in general bracket of death. Bracket of death is a sick sick thing to say. This one specifically. Yeah, this one's awesome. Yeah, like I said, I never I didn't go to Finland, but people always talk highly of it. They always talk highly about the afterparties and stuff afterwards. So, I don't know if that's you guys' vibe, but if it is, you know, people have good things to say about the Finland h afterparty. Where you from, Brasco? Where you chatting in from? Go ahead and sound off in the comments. Yeah, everybody everybody in the comments, you know, start uh start, you know, firing off. Let me know where you're from and all that. I don't like feeling like strangers with the chat, you know? It makes me feel a little weird on my end. Like you guys are inside my home right now and I don't even know who's watching. 10 plus world champs. Yeah, that one was insane. What's some future matchups that we can see or you hope to see for 2026 WNO event? It's a good question. Um, so obviously this weekend there's some there's some good matchups. Uh, particularly Fleet Penna and Luke Griffith. That one's pretty sick. Like it's it's obviously the event is called who's number one, but it's not always that we legitimately see the number one and number two guys competing for the belt. And this one we do. So Philipe Penna ranked number one at heavyweight. Luke Griffith ranked number two. Excuse me, I just chugged a bunch of Jaco go. Shout out Jaco Go. And then uh they're going to be competing for the heavyweight belt. So that was pretty sick. I think future matchups I feel like there's got to be a Dante Leon versus Mika Galva match looming in the distance. You know, it's like Dante loses 77 kilos in his division to uh who do he lose to? Like Elijah, right? if I'm someone correct me if I'm wrong, but loses the division, comes back in the absolute after Mika had won the 77 kilos uh championship at ADCC and Dante submits him via straight ankle lock which is incredible. So, and also Dante's just been like, you know, both those guys are always putting on insane matches, incredible uh performances and everything. Dante's 0 and2 against Mika though. He lost to him twice. Both semi-controversial decisions. Could have gone either way. And so I just feel like that one's one that could be uh could be looming in the distance that I think would be sick. Potential title fight. Brasco from Florida. Rob Lauria from Canada, Toronto area. Brasco was with Fight Sports Vagner Pablo Cyborg at for the 2017 Finland. That's pretty sick. Rowdy crew that bunch. We got an ad, dude. They're running ads, dude. I couldn't I Hey, sorry guys. I couldn't afford the YouTube Premium. You know, it adds up. This is not the place you want to be if you're Rootom. Just inside Shani Habro's guard. You won trials that year, Brasco. Should I? What's your real name? We're gonna see Gee events for WO. I mean, WO has had Gee uh it's had Gee matches before. I think most recently Nicholas Maragali versus Pedro Mourinho in the Gee, but then some of the first who's number ones were Gee events and I don't know, they just like they just didn't do as well like numbers wise, you know? It's like I train mostly in the ghee to be honest. Like I like the ghee. I watch the ghee. I love worlds. I love all the IBJJF stuff, but for who's number one, it's like a weird uh I don't know your name, Brasco. You should know me. Lol. Bras Bad Boy. I don't I don't know it just off that. Got to tell me your full name. Three-time AC vet, two-time trial champ. Oops. Tell me your full name. Maybe we'll watch some of your matches. James Bras. Okay. All right. Let's get it. We got James Bras in the chat. But yeah, Rob, uh, I like the first one had ghee stuff. Oh, we're missing this arm bar. Dude, I love doing this twoon one in closed guard. I mean, who doesn't to be honest? But imagine if Shanji finished the nogi plat. That shit already looks like it hurts so bad. But Rust said no way. He said this sweater keeps me safe in times of worry. James Brasco, we're going to pull up some of your matches and watch them. What do you think? You have MMA fights, too, right? Should we watch some of your MMA fights? going to classes. Good job, Flow Grappling. Thanks. Thanks, Brasco. You're the man. I actually got to go train later, too. Gabby Passagna, she's coming to Austin for who's number one. She's doing a seminar at Paragon in South Austin. So, I got to swing through there. Maybe film with her, but also uh you know, learn some stuff. Learn how to straight start straight ankle locking everybody. I'm gonna rewind this. I want to see that scramble. Who say Shanji can't wrestle a little? Huh? He says he can't wrestle. Yeah, the sweater body hair sweater is a cheat code. What do you mean, Rob? You you bro, if you if you can rock a sweater like that, a natural man-made sweater, if God put a sweater on you, like that, then you don't need to shave or wax it, brother. Don't be insecure about it. All right? People would kill for that kind of warmth. Watch Shanji Gordon. We can watch Shanji Gordon. Did Shanji win? Can you guys hear the match audio at all? Or no, maybe now you can hear it a little bit. This is one of the sickest armbars in jiu-jitsu history to be honest. We can't No. What's up the bakery? Now, now you're chatting, huh? Now that you say you can't hear the match audio, you didn't say what's up or anything when you got here. Just an unbelievable arm bar. This I think like jiu-jitsu has a lot of very satisfying feelings. You know, if you train a lot, if you do a lot of jiu-jitsu, you know that there's like a lot of things that are just very satisfying about doing jiu-jitsu. I think this position right here where you have close guard but you have the arm fully across. Excuse me as Jaco goes me. You have the arm fully across. I feel like that's just such a satisfying feeling when you're training. It's just like you know you got him. You know you're either going to you're gonna be hitting a flower sweep soon. You're gonna be going to the back getting the arm bar. It's just like a weird control that just feels really good for some reason. There's a lot of stuff like that in jiu-jitsu where it's like, man, I don't really know why this feels so good, but it does. You know, a little Trey Ley type of moment. Also, that far elbow control, when you're controlling the far elbow, that's also a really good feeling. But then it's just Shanji's just stuck once he gets here. So crazy. There it is. Sick one from Shanji there by Cheering. This is where he's got the blood dripping down the eye, too. I'm pretty sure. What a legend. Oh, he's going to do a little dance. Shani almost did a little Manowara dance right there for us. you know, Rio and the in the uh people from Rio get all the credit for uh you know, being big dancers and doing their thing. You don't see enough of them manir busting a move. So, if you're from Manouse, you know, let me see you dance more. Let's see what Manowsk has got. All right, let me read some of these chats real quick. What been the best advice you've gotten for better developing, growing with jiu-jitsu skillwise would be? I mean, I'm not some elite grappler, you know? I'm not a pro grappler out there who's just like winning world championships and on WO. I love jiu-jitsu. I watch a lot of jiu-jitsu. Um I make a lot of videos about jiu-jitsu. It's my best advice. I think would it be watch as much tape and match as you can and take everything slow and then slowly add more and more of a competitive pace to it. I mean, I think obviously the more jiu-jitsu you watch, like the more matches you watch, the more you just like are seeing people do really good jiu-jitsu, I feel like it at a certain point it kind of starts just like you can mimic that a little better, you know? Like I feel like whenever I go to the world championship and I watch all of these guys do just insane techniques, I come back and I roll better. And it's like I wasn't training while I was out there. I was working, making videos and stuff, but you just kind of like you see, you know, how some of these dudes are doing stuff a little different. right? You notice some details and you kind of pick up on those details and take them back and kind of put them in your own game. So, I do think watching a lot of jiu-jitsu is a good way to progress. I think maybe this is cliche, maybe this is what everyone says, but I think, you know, coming in with some intention, like having stuff you're actually going to work on. Like my brother, my brother got his blue belt not that long ago, but whenever he was a white belt and he was always asking me about like what he should be doing and what he should be focusing on, he kind of just like he always was like looking for the next best thing, like the next best shortcut. And like I don't really think that's the way. I think you just have to come in and be like, "All right, I want to get I want to develop at least one solid guard, so I'm going to dive into Xguard or to half guard." And then whenever you start rolling like make yourself get into that guard and don't let yourself just kind of you know get out of it and resort to something else even if you get beat you know you got to kind of dive into that thing you want to get better at and then just kind of live by it or die by it for a while and eventually you'll start developing it more and get better at it. So that's the best advice I've ever gotten so far. All right. Glad I could help Glad I could help you out there, bro. But let's dive into let's dive into a big-time classic of Shan Gi Habro. This one I mean if you guys don't know this one then I'm glad I can show it to you to be honest. This one is Shanji Hibro versus Hadra Gracie at the IBJF World Championships in 2008. So, I feel like a lot of people have forgotten how good Shani really is. Like what kind of career Shani has had. Shanji is he's on the short list for people you could debate are the greatest of all time. Like Gee and Nogie kind of combined. I think at this point Gordon probably is the no goat. Probably the best. I don't know. It's hard to Yeah, he probably is. But it's also like hard to not want to talk about Marcelo as well. But just overall both Gee and Noi it's like Roger is like usually the first name that comes up. Shanji has multiple wins over Roger. I think that Roger has maybe three and Shani has two something like that and Rogers won by submission. Shanji usually wins by points but like Shanji was beating Roger in his prime. They were kind of going back and forth. So like 2005 is the Roger Gracie ADCC run where Roger won with all submissions. In 2006 they fought again in the IBJF World Championship and I believe Shanji won that one in the absolute finals. So that's like right in the prime like the the 20 the greatest ADCC run of all time is Roger Gracie in 2005. And so uh the year like the year following that Shani then gets the dub and and beats him. So, it's like it's not like he was doing it after Roger had peaked or anything like that. It's like Shanji was going back and forth with Roger in his prime. I was going to watch the 2006 one, but the quality is so bad you can't even really see it. I think Shanji still has hair in it, so it's like you can't even tell them apart to be honest. So, we're going to watch the 2008 absolute final. And this is the one where Gracie Baja was like screaming at Shani the entire time. And he no likey Shanji no likey that. So, at the end he has like a huge reaction and stuff. &gt;&gt; All right. Can you guys hear the matches now? Do you want me to turn it off? Turn it on. &gt;&gt; They're doing commentary, so I don't know if it's too loud. &gt;&gt; Anyways, I'm off to the gym. It's like 6 PM here in Ontario. Thank the good work on the flow channels. Cheers, everyone. Shout out Rob. Thanks for calling in or thanks for joining in, doing some chatting. I appreciate it, brother. Good luck at training. Go smash some people. Sam Justin, let's go. Wo hype. I'm bummed about Jordan, but still stoked to see the matches. Yeah, I'm bummed about Jordan, too. That was going to be kind of cool. You know, I think I thought it was going to be sick to to see what he could do out there on a big stage like that, I guess, especially against a guy like Shanji. But &gt;&gt; Shanji versus Ferris is still a really cool match. wants to get his arm out. That's not a good &gt;&gt; dude. Roger's build is just like so good for jiu-jitsu also. Like &gt;&gt; dude is so long. Like look how long his legs are. Is that ghee regulation? Yo, Roger. &gt;&gt; Roger. My guy. Is that ghee regulation? Do we got a do we got a rules infraction right here? Do I need to call Do I need to call the IBJJF and and you know bring this run into question? That might be a cheater ghee. That might be a little bit a little short on the ankles. I'm just kidding. I'm not actually critiquing Roger. I would never do that. I'm terrified of him. But Roger's legs and arms are so long, dude. Like I think later on there's he starts going for some some trips. &gt;&gt; It's just nuts. has some medalist knowing outside &gt;&gt; Roger pulling &gt;&gt; with with them long legs. gets all the way. &gt;&gt; If he gets all the way into the half guard, the commentator just said if if Shanji gets all the way into the half guard, he'll get an advantage. &gt;&gt; Seems a little weird. I can't remember for sure. I think this match ends up being like four to two maybe. We'll see how it plays out. But &gt;&gt; Oh, damn. leg down to his knees. No points yet. &gt;&gt; Shanji gets out of it. Roger gets the advantage. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I don't know if you guys can hear the commentators or not, but it's 000 now with one advantage. At some point, Roger starts throwing off some some big takedown attempts. &gt;&gt; I don't remember when it happens. &gt;&gt; But I like to watch it. &gt;&gt; This is kind of It's kind of funny to like look back at some of these old matches and just see how they were doing stuff and everything. Like even just the fact that the mats are blue and red. Like that's kind of like IBJJF is so synonymous with green and blue mats now that it's just a little weird to see this like blue and red. But then also if you look at the clock, the clock's counting up instead of down. Like just what an interesting thing that like every sporting event ever. I guess soccer has the clock going up. I believe we got an ad. &gt;&gt; Yo, should I buy this? &gt;&gt; Everybody drop a comment if you want me to buy this. start buying ads on stream. &gt;&gt; Give him a like. &gt;&gt; But it's like the clock going up is such a weird choice. &gt;&gt; Also just still in the pyramid. Been holding it down for so long in the pyramid. I think 2021 was the only year in recent time that wasn't in the pyramid. That was at the Anaheim Convention Center. Harder just rocking some some sick grips here. Look at this. He's got the the belt over the top belt grip and then he's got the far sleeve. Shanji's just kind of like gripping that sleeve back, you know, a little bit. If you want it, I'm I'mma get it too type of action. You guys ever do that in training where someone just like grabs a grip, so you just regrab the same grip just kind of do a little just just to be annoying. but like full belt over the top with a far sleeve. And now he's gonna start throwing some of these outside trips or throws. &gt;&gt; Shanji breaks him down though. &gt;&gt; The half Nelson &gt;&gt; crowd's going nuts. They're going to call it. &gt;&gt; What a horrible spot to have to try and reset, dude. Like, &gt;&gt; no one's making out of the Oh, they're going to do the drag. &gt;&gt; This is also one of the funniest parts of jiu-jitsu matches when they just got to drag two bodies back to the center. &gt;&gt; IBJF has upped their referee attire a little bit. Back then, they just had, you know, all black with the polo. Now they're rocking the full suits. So &gt;&gt; little controversy taking away the points. Yeah, this is a little weird that they didn't give him that. &gt;&gt; I feel like there's a lot of controversy with points in this match though, if I remember right. Like, yeah, here we go. We're about to go into a &gt;&gt; we're going to go into like a rules debate here. Oh, &gt;&gt; the referees are arguing a little bit. &gt;&gt; Oh, bring them together. Bring the boys together. Get them all in here. Let's talk about this. &gt;&gt; Shanji's still he's this jack to this day. It's kind of nuts. Another ad, bro. So, right now I think it's 000 and Roger has an advantage. It did seem like Shanji should have gotten the two off of that. Like they started standing. He got Roger down to Turtle. So, you'd expect there to be two, but something to do with Shanji not having his arm free. There's a lot of referee arguing. I don't feel like you can get away with that now. &gt;&gt; Oh, gave him the two. &gt;&gt; So, he got the points. But that was a that was a lot of discussion with the referee. I feel like now if you try that auto DQ I don't I think they kind of nixed that. I feel like Roger's going to pull here. Look how insanely long Roger's arms are. He can just reach over anybody and grab their belt. &gt;&gt; Shanji counters it. They got to give him the two here, right? &gt;&gt; Unless they called it out of bounds. All right, Shanji's up four0 now &gt;&gt; in half guard, &gt;&gt; but it's Roger. &gt;&gt; You never know. Three minutes left. &gt;&gt; Roger getting into like a &gt;&gt; like almost going into like a coyote &gt;&gt; coming up on a dog fight type of thing. &gt;&gt; That's another crazy thing about jiu-jitsu. But when you watch back like classic matches like the techniques don't change that much you know like you can go watch like a Marcelo Garcia match you can go watch a Hafa Mendes match a Roger match a Shanji match and it's like this is still pretty much the meta dudes are doing now obviously the leg lock game seemed to get kind of revolutionized there's a lot of OG stuff of guys doing a lot of the modern leg locks as well obviously Dean Listister like was doing insane leg locks from day one Reach that back leg. Roger almost went inside the inside the sleeve there with that grip. &gt;&gt; He fixed it. &gt;&gt; Oh shit. &gt;&gt; Got him. &gt;&gt; All right. Now there's like one minute left if I saw the clock correctly. Are they going to reset him neutral or &gt;&gt; I don't know if this is the moment or not, but there is a there is part of this where Roger uh takes a long time tying his belt and Shanji starts getting worked up about it. &gt;&gt; I feel like this is probably it. So they're at 848 10-minute match. So basically just over a minute left. &gt;&gt; Shani's up by two points. &gt;&gt; Roger on top. Obviously Shanji one of the best guards of all time. Look at this dude. Roger's taking his time. We got another ad, bro. When you're Roger Gracie, you get to take as long as you want to tie your belt. All right? No one can tell you to hurry it up. &gt;&gt; Just do your thing, man. Do your thing, Roger. Just tie that belt. I feel like Roger, maybe he needs the cardio recovery, catch his breath a little, but I just feel like this is more of like a mental thing where he's just kind of like, you know, making Shanji get worked up. Like look at him now. Arms out, dragging him up by the collar. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Restarting neutral. Roger didn't like doesn't like the running around. &gt;&gt; Got one minute to sweep him. Roger. &gt;&gt; Shanji, you got one minute to survive here. really really not afraid to come in with just low posture in the closed guard. Like obviously you always, you know, get taught and are constantly told to posture up and all that, but he's not worried about it. Now he's like getting close to the position where Shanji submitted Rootom &gt;&gt; from this is such a tough spot to be in. Even if you're Roger Gracie, &gt;&gt; one of the best ever. Just up to knowing that he just can't get swept or submitted. &gt;&gt; Even gets him into the arm bar here. &gt;&gt; Then he starts yelling at Gracie Baja, telling him to shut up. &gt;&gt; Just ferocious. &gt;&gt; He's going back for more now. how he's celebrating with his crowd. One time we talked to Shan Gi. We uh we talked to Shanji at Worlds like maybe this most recent year because it was it was 10 years of the World Championship being on flow grappling. And we asked him if he just had like a favorite memory from the World Championship. And I believe he said that this match was one of his favorite memories of all time where he got to tell Gracie Baja to shut up. They were kind of heckling him and stuff the whole time. Then he just exploded after beating Roger. Just screaming at the crowd, let him know what he thought. There it is. 2008 World Championship finals in the absolute Shanji Hero going up against Roger Gracie. Shanji gets the dub. So, you know, I just wanted to I wanted to bring a little bit of a classic match to everybody in case you hadn't seen in case you weren't hip to Shanji and all the stuff he's done in the past. You know, had to had to show everybody that one in case you haven't seen it yet, but go back and watch that one. They fought a few times. Um, their 2006 match is also pretty wild. I believe Shanji wins that one, but then Hodger has a few where he gets the dub also. But, let's go. Let me drop a comment if there's something you guys want to watch, something I should pull up. But we have a few different things on Flow Grappling. We've been dropping some new videos on there all week leading up to who's number 131. Let me see if I can pull up some of this stuff. Yeah. So, here's the full card for who's number one. 31. That's going down obviously Friday, December 5th. should be pretty electric. Um, then the main event is going to be uh I don't know why that says co-main event. That's the main event. Philippe Penna versus Luke Griffith for the WO heavyweight belt. We got Diego Pito and DeAndre Corby on there as well. Helena Cravar and Julia Boser for the women's featherweight championship. And then Shanji Habbero and Ferris bin Lamadam. If you don't know Ferris, Ferris is like a European grappler. Um he makes a lot of waves on the internet and everything. He's a nogi world champion. He stepped in late to face Shanji after Jordan TJs had to pull out of that one. And then we got Gabby Passagna making her Nogi super fight debut going up against Paige Vet Climber also a welterweight. This is this is outdated. Dante and Andy's that one's called off. What the heck's Flow Grappling doing, bro? Posting these these outdated matches on there. Come on, get it updated. And then uh Philipe Costa versus Abraham Lamontine. Then the undercard Jin Molina. Joselyn is 13 years old. It's so insane the stuff Joselyn's been able to do so far in her career. Kind of the wave she's making. She's literally 13 going up against Katie Boch, Grayson Henley versus Michael Banish, and then Shawn Magnus versus Nick Fritz. But it should be a pretty sick event. Obviously, a lot of big matches. I'm stoked for it. But, you know, I got to get to Paragon in South Austin. Gabby Passagna is going to be there. She's doing a seminar in South Austin. But so I gotta go make some videos of that. We're dropping these these embedded style vlogs every day this week. There's two that are out already. The first one is kind of behind the scenes at Flow Sports uh whenever we film like the podcast and getting ready for an event on the start of event week. Episode two just dropped not that long ago. It's on our YouTube channel, so switch over and watch that after this ends. And uh it features Shanji, Philipe Costa, Victor Hugo, and then we go over to Brazilian Fight Factory to catch up with Grayson Henley, one of the undercard athletes, William Tackets there, coaching him and everything. So that was pretty sick. And then the next one is going to be about this Gabby Pagana seminar that's going down. So we're going to catch up with her, talk to her some. But thank you guys for tuning in to this one. Hopefully you watched it. Let me know what kind of live streams you guys want to see, what kind of stuff you want to watch in the future. Keep these going if you like them. if you don't, you know, let me know. But thank you guys for tuning in. I'm going to end it there. You know, let me know what we should do in the future. I appreciate you guys uh coming in, joining us, and chatting with me. I'll see you guys in the next one.