Kind: captions Language: en Got it. Get here. Nice. Nice. There's a box. But hey, Good You stay right here. Okay. Come on. Fresh. saying yeah. Yeah. I think it's best. Maybe maybe maybe like this is better. No, cuz for the mats. No, I I don't know. The problem is the lighting. Yeah, that's not I'm here with some new first match I'm about to start with. his half guard. Super tough game. Both trying to pull obviously. And Babato with very versatile fighter actually. Uh plays guard comes up on top. Uh good passing style, but I believe he doesn't want to get stuck in uh Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh, will he get the tap? Keep it in mind that hot has gotten submitted at the finals of of the world's championship in 2019. So, with a foot lock from the double pool, so this wouldn't be the first time. So, Beetto tried something similar, but uh was not able to get a a a good a good bite on Rodney's ankle. I believe the video referees are checking or something, checking if uh there was an advantage. Yeah, they're checking if there was an advantage. They kept uh the decision of the referee, the central referee and a one advantage lead for the battle. Both of them have a penalty for double gar. Both of these guys trained all year for the for this all year long. Both of these guys are mainly GE players, dedicate a whole year for this and only one will have a spot in the finals. And both of them are used to they know they know uh they know what's like to be there, right? So both of them are very uh veterans and have been in the finals of the worlds before, but only one of them is the current world champion, which is Betto on the blue G. Beautiful. Right. Second penalty for double guar. The referee. Yeah, I believe the uh uh the the referee scorekeeper. No, because he forgot an advantage. They forgot battle's advantage. That's why. Okay. It's correct. But the the the main referee No, I think uh both advantages went now. It's correct. Yes. Now it's correct. So they both got two penalties already. Uh one advantage for each uh following the penalties. Next one is two points. And then if they still double pull again, Rod is kind of pulling on his knee, but because he's so small as as a rooster weight, he's able to place his hips on the mat right away, counting for a double pull. Now, Hogney is the one going for that foot lock, keeping in mind that the 20 seconds to stand up only really counts when the foot lock is released, when there's no more danger. Yeah. So far, I don't think that it has been released. There isn't danger anymore. So, if no one comes up, the referee's going to stop and bring them up again. And and my bet here is next at at the next Garpool, double Garpool, the bat will be coming up on top. Yeah, that's what I believe so too. But his goal is going to be coming up without getting stuck in Rodney's half Yes. Yeah. So, so that's the thing, right? He he had a whole night to prepare for this match, right? So, he knows very well, just like we know that Rodney is going to try to wrestle up with with his leg that Rodney stays in in the position in that position for a long time holding holding the leg in the half car. He stays he usually stays very calm under pressure there. Very calm. Yeah. Yeah. Switching between the the single leg half into the deep half, right? Yeah, but um and the referee thought one of them put first because unless Betto has has a grip on a bite on the foot which I cannot see from here which is possible though but I don't think so. Yeah. So I guess Beth put Yeah, would have put first. Remember I said that Rodney went on his knees at first. Yeah. Yeah. Because Rodney is kind of up now, but he did not get an advantage. If you notice, he didn't get an advantage for coming up on top. That's what I said. Rodney kind of pulled on his knee and then sat down, you know. So, some referees cannot see that, but I believe that the main referee was able to see. No, now he gave an advantage. Yeah. So, I was wondering I'm wondering why he they didn't a penalty because I can't see any submission and it was definitely past 20 seconds there. Yeah. No, definitely past A couple minutes, six minutes left in into this match and we have the current world champion here, Betu Olivera against Rodney Barbosa, who has also reached the finals of the worlds before. This is no news for for either of them. Babu with a two-point lead. Both of the gentlemen have two penalties. It's not at a spot that they can actually um stall or stop moving because if they do so, the other person will get a penalty and two points. So, uh Beto cannot stop moving from here. And from one side is good, right, Kaio? Because we're still halfway through the match and uh this is going to bring some action to the to the match. Bring some action for us. Yeah. Now, it's really like we were talking about, it's really hard to move in Rodney's guard because Rodney play places places you in a position where you just you just it's just hard to move, you know? He's so small and he hugs so tight. Look at that. Yeah, he's hugging the leg. But Vetto is doing a good thing standing up, going back down, and and that allows him to um There's a good a good grip break to by Vetto now placing his back on the mat. Kyle, do you think he should be flatting him out over there to make it harder for him to try to wrestle up? There's a lot of options here, right? He already tried the guillotin. It's too hard to get to the guillotin like he tried. It's a good option, but it's really hard because Rodney stays really connected to the leg with the head. You look how the head goes down every time. Rodney doing a great job. It's his game, right? It's his main game. So, he knows very well all the This is another situation that he can do that, you know, we didn't account for, which is jumping to the other side. Rodney also probably is very used to this, you know, very comfortable in all these situations because he trains with smaller guys, bigger guys, all type of of bodies. So he's trying to feed the lapel there. He tried to feed the lapel behind the back, but he wasn't he wasn't able to. So now he feed the lapel under the under Bab's leg, which also keeps him down really well there. And uh there's a little good sweep there. If he bumps up, he can put a hook. He has it set up. He has everything it takes. Yeah, Bento has to hug his leg tighter otherwise there will be a sweep. Yeah, right hand right now, he has to hug Rodney's hand leg tighter. So, so Ronnie cannot come up towards his right. Has a good sweep set up there. Now he's switched. I believe what he wants he wants that under hook to go uh to hug the back. He's been Yeah. would be a a better grip. Definitely. Yeah. You know, lot of action here today at the 2025 World Championships. I'm Kaya here with Sam Shantry. inverter halfcar game from uh uh from Rodney. It's a tough game to deal with and at the same time you feel threaten the whole time. He got the grip that we were talking about right now. Yep. Yep. He hasn't get gotten the lapel yet. Yes. He's trying to open there. And now has to get that under hook. You know's left hand has to get an under hook on Rodney to prevent Rodney not just from the sweep but so that can jump to the other side. Because if Betto jumps to the other side right now, Rodney will take his back. So Beetto is doing a good job now hugging that leg tight like we were talking about with his right hand. But Beetto's left hand has to underhook on Broad's arm right now. And that's a game you play for the longest time. Yeah. So you understand really really well what we're talking about there. Uh, Betto is really in a very tough situation there. If he doesn't if he goes forward too much, he might he might get his back taken. If he goes back, he gets a he gets swept. Yeah, but it look like Look at that. He got the under hook. Rodney went and tried not allowing Rodney made a slight mistake right now because he kept his his armpit a little bit too wide. You know, he should have closed the gap a little bit more, but it's it's hard. you know, you're at the highest level against the current world champion and this is just one spot to the final. So, yeah, one tiny one tiny one tiny spot you open there. But to capitalize and now the sweep is a little less set up. He's trying to regain He regained that under hook there, Kyle. But now he's working on getting to that position again. But again, Beetto gets the under hook. Now beet in definitely a better position there. He's a little bit more uh spread out to his body. Even if they were kind of even, you know, I think they're kind of even because just because just because maybe would be better there against someone that that doesn't play this game so often, but because of Rodney because it's Rodney style, I would say they're even. But however, there's only one minute left and and now Rodney has to risk it. He has to risk it and that's the problem. But keep it in mind that even if he gets the two points, it doesn't guarantee him the win. Exactly. Exactly. He's still And the referees are looking at the clock. They believe one of them, you know, they believe one of them are not moving. Now, it could be one of them or could both be both of them. You know, it's hard to tell because I actually believe that both of them are Exactly. I was just going to say that because Betto is really trying to maintain position and get in a better position there while Rodney is trying to get uh he's on the hook back and try to set up his swoop and he and he let's see what's going to happen. He still has a good position. He's still good. He's still good. And put his back on the ground. He will advance. It seems will advance. It was too late to risk. Look at that. He got to the X guard. That was too late. and the battle in another world championship finals. Amazing. Amazing. That was a great great end of this match, Kyle. Really good. It seemed like that end was uh uh set up from the what six uh fifth minute, fourth minute. It just seemed like everything was leading to a great ending like that. And and and I know right now Beth is feeling okay. all the hard work that I put have put this this whole last year, you know, been paid off so far. I love that number. It's hands to go back. Is heartbreaking one year working towards this and advances to the finals. Advancing to the finals. against Jaylen the future. Let's see if it's going to be the future or the present. Huh? Are we in the future or in the present? And Jaylen uh he's the current Panm champion. Also an amazing performance at Pins. Current Panm champion against current world champion. That's going to be a good one. That's going to be place your bet, guys. Place your bets. That's going to be a good one. And next match Next match here we have Joo Hayes looking for his first world championship against no other than Leonardo Mario Pereira Aka I might be wrong but I believe that was the semifinals also at Europeans. Uhhuh. And uh it was a really tough match. Come on. Or is there not a tough match in this division, you know? Yeah, this division is definitely both of these guys. So, we have Jo Hayes here coming up next. Um, we have Leonardo on the blue gear. Jo Hayes on white gear, the baby shark. Jo Hayes that had to beat Jefferson Velo from AOJ on his quarters to make it here to the semifinals where he faced Leonardo Mario Pereira from Alliance who had to defeat Malaki James from team Lloyd Irvin Malaki also that has accomplished the European championships. Yes. Won Europeans. Uh he and he was in the finals of the worlds maybe once or twice. Uh he was definitely super tough. Also uh Leonardo beat uh Zack from AOJ that's the current world no gee champion. So great run from both from both these athletes to make to the semifinals today. Yeah, it it this is a really tough this is a really tough situation for Leonardo and the reason is that world championships is completely different than any other tournament no matter if it's gear or no gi to be on the second day. Oh. Oh. Oh, there was a double guar. But I believe that Hayes pulled first. Okay, I believe so too. They're checking. I believe that Gio Hayes pulled first. They're checking back on the clock there on the and he's counting. So, double pull. Double pull. The referee thought that was a a gar for Jo Hayes at first, but the camera called back and said that was a double guar. [Applause] It's really hard for Leonardo being here for the first time in the semiinal. Second, making to the second day is already a huge accomplishment. And Joo Hayes came up on top. He's a really guard passer. You know, I would say that it wouldn't really matter for him. If anything, might be better for him to be on top. Beautiful sequence. No pressure. Beautiful sequence. Pressure. Beautiful sequence by by Dooo. Side to side again. Switching sides. You see how he is always trying and controlling the knee into the middle. You see right now, Leonardo has the knee on the left and that's why he cannot pass. Leonardo's knee uh Leonardo's left knee is still on his left. Jo is always trying to bring the the the knees towards the middle or towards the other side. That's going to be a that's going to be a good uh good clash of styles. Uh Lonardo has a really good guard and Shark is definitely one of the best guard passers uh in that division. For sure. For sure. If not the best. Right. I think guard passer. Guard passing wise, he he's probably the the best in in the light feather division right now. Um I would say guard we have we have P, right? Yeah. And P has been passing a lot of guards lately, too. Yeah. He's been doing really well on top as well. Jo also has a really good guard guard as well, but I would say both of them are very compet. Jo probably has better passing. And then I would say that that Jo has uh much better wrestling probably, you know, and P has better leg attacks. No, has good good wrestling, too. Yeah. Yeah. We don't see him wrestling that much. Uh I've seen when it's necessary, he does. Yeah. Yeah. I've seen before in some NOI competitions for sure. But here we have Leonardo, which has a really good guard as well. He's a not as offensive as Pu, but he uh in the other hand is is a is a guard that he is really good at recomposing his guard, really good at guard recovering. So, it's it's tough to pass, but you know, sweeping Joe Hayes is so hard. You know, at the end of the day, you have to wrestle up with this guy, and that's a tough mission. Yeah, wrestle wrestling up with him is hard because his wrestling Look at the knee. Look at the knee. He's going to try and get that knee to the middle. Look at this. No, the knee is on the side, but he has a pen collar. Oh, now he goes to the other side where the knee was forced. And Leonardo is really his guard is really good. And think about one thing too, he's uh he's tall for that division though. Like he's tall. His legs are he's lanky for that division. His legs are are long giving. Yeah, but but Jo is pokey for that division. Oh, under hook the laiva now and close the guard. Good work by Leonardo. Really good work here, guys. Both of these guys fighting their hard outs right now, Leonardo. I believe Baby Shark is being a little bit more aggressive. Uh Leonardo hasn't found yet a uh good position for sweeping. But but but think about this. It's hard to be aggressive with It's really hard to be aggressive with with Baby Shark, you know, because if you're aggressive, you will open up and he will be faster and more explosive than you, right? So I believe that Leonardo is doing a good thing by being patient because you know he might be able to beat Baby Shark with technique. He will not be able to beat Baby Shark with athleticism. I I I I highly doubt. Yeah, it would be good uh Leonardo keeping trying to keeping the pace a little bit slow and um find a guard that he can feel comfortable and the close guard is one of them that can bring the bring the pace a little lower. other iss lower and then uh trying to find a good position from there that he can set up. Maybe open the lapel uh and trying to set up a little like a a better a guard where he can bait Baby Baby Shark a little bit and then trying to go for the sweep. Oh, that's a good one. Let's see what's going to happen now because he's trying to get to the back but Baby Shark can also open to a pass. Oh. Oh, the knee is out. The knee is out. Oh, nice job by Leonardo placing in the de laiva. Very nice job by both of these guys. He has a good reach and the lapel there also. Oh, no. Nice job by by the middle there. Baby Shark stepping to the side and this is dangerous for Leonardo. If he clears the knee is not good for Leonardo. I believe the knee is cleared. I believe that that that I believe that right now Leonardo is already in a bad spot because that's not a game that he plays. I want to see if that knee my angle here is not the knee is slightly out but he can bring it in. He just brought it in. Just brought it in. Now he's going to try to create distance but keeping in mind that it's in the opposite side that that he plays guard. Okay. That there is one that's one thing. And he's in the half guard position where he's not as comfortable as in open guard. Absolutely. Okay. Donado plays more open guard. I mean he has a lapel also between his legs that prevents a little the knee. Yeah. But the lapel there I don't know if it's doing much, you know. I I I think that he's even going to let go because his knees out now. He needs to push. He needs to push. He needs to open that space there. And Joo Hayes will try to get inch by inch closer. Yeah. If he tries to pummel in that that grip. Yes, I think that's what he tried to do right now. Should be trying to break that grip. That's going to If you break that grip, makes it very makes it much better for him. But Oh, that was a good guard retention. right into a double under stack pass. Nice job, Leonardo. Nice job, Jo. Leonardo has to get his hips further away. Good thing that it's one of the first matches here, so the Mets are still sliding, so he's able to recover. Oh, good match, guys. Good match. And and like I said, Leonardo has really got recover, you know, really guard retention, so he's able to I I think that Jo maybe could have earned another advantage, but the referees thought that he didn't get the knee fully out uh on the half guard in the half guard there. But um Leonardo still has to move, right? He has less than four minutes to score at least an advantage. And I would say actually more than an advantage because because Joo Hayes will probably get the decision here. Joo Hayes has been way more active getting to much better position. So I believe that Leonardo has to get let's has to try and get that sweep right. But again if he opens up that's where Jo wants. You know the the if you are fighting Jo in my opinion your main goal is to start winning because if you start losing you are forced to open up and if you open up you know that the you're playing with the baby shark you are playing literally with sharks while you're swimming you know but if you score first maybe you're playing with a baby shark but it's in the land right so it's your territory now Samir what would you do you're like feather so we're like feather better than you like me. What would you do right there? I I honestly I honestly would try to uh get Baby Shak in a guard where I can keep a slower pace. I do not want to exchange athleticism with him as we mentioned before. And uh I'll be trying to get him into a guard where I can slower the pace and have my weapons ready for when it's time when I feel like he's going to be because we can see that Baby Shark even though he's winning, he's not slowing down. So, so, so, so you're telling me that you're going to play like Rodney? That I will play what? Like Rodney. Rodney. That's one of That's one of the guards. That's one of the guards that that could be effective against uh Baby Shark. Yes. In my opinion, kind of, right? Because the problem is wrestling up with Baby Shark. True. True. That's That's But maybe for you, right, cuz Samir, if you if you guys don't know, he's extremely strong, you know? So maybe maybe Samir for me, I don't think that would work. No, but I think uh the close guard that he had trying to try to set up a lapel guard. Uh he's doing a good uh good job with Lasso. Lasso is a tough guard to uh uh uh to move too much there. Lasso and uh uh and uh the other arm to the sleeve. Uh but I I just think he should be trying to get under the legs more. He's trying to more controlling the upper body. But Baby Shark is doing a great job keeping his legs back too. He knows what you see that it's connecting trying to connect to the guard. Oh. Oh, and now he just got rid of the knee. Let's see if he's going to be able to. But Leonardo's guard retention is so good, you know. It's so good. So good. But I think he missed it. It's crazy because you know, you watch from TV, you watch live, but you you think, "Oh, he's just playing with his legs." Guys, this is really difficult, especially with a top level player such as Joo Hayes. And and not not just Jo is good. He's freaking hungry. He's hungry for his first world title. Less than a minute to end. Less than one minute to end. Leonardo has to open up. He has to open up. And Gio is waiting for that. Oh, he came up in a good feels like he was waiting for this time. See how he got under? But Diego is super heavy right now there and got that. He likes that. He likes that body lock pass there. He's very heavy. He's doing a one side body lock which is really nice. It's I I really like that game as well. You see he tried to feed the lapel. Look at that. He feeds the lapel underneath. He does that game really well. Yeah. And you can see that Jo could be like stalling now. Not stalling but uh uh being a little bit more passive. But he's still trying and fighting. He's hungry. He's hungry today. But Leonardo is just tough to pass. Is really tough to pass. Nice match. Good job both of these guys. You know, the score doesn't uh doesn't translate what the fight really was. I agree. One advantage, but it was a very There was a lot of action in this match. I agree. There was a lot of guard pass attempts. If we count the amount of guard pass attempts that we saw in this match, it was uh so many, but Leonardo did a really, really good job uh stopping or recovering them. So definitely a great match and Baby Shark advances to the finals. [Applause] P. Another another one. Another one. Another one. I believe uh uh uh Baby Shark has won against Pence a few years back. Uh and then P has uh Baby Shark a few times. So, that's going to be a really good matchup. Uh, expect nothing less than uh an amazing match between these two. Uh, in my opinion, definitely uh both super qualified to be there and uh yeah, so let's see. Will P show his dominance and win one more tournament this year? I believe he won all Granland tournaments this year. Europeans, Brazilos and Pence and uh he just and everyone and and and every single NOI tournament as well. Huh. And now we have Joan Pedro Bueno Mendes Bisnaga from Atsos Jiujitsu against Rundo Gogu Diego Pinto Diego Sre. Yeah, Diego Sodre coming out. An amazing submission yesterday, Kyle. That was probably the craziest submission of the whole tournament. They they call double is not going to come up on top. Wow, that's surprising. They gave They're going to They're going to give Why they're going to give? Are they going to give? I think the other referees think it was not a double bar. Yeah. So, so they're taking it out. Yeah, he was a little bit too late. And that was the two points right there, I think. Sodra was a little too late on the pool. And Bisnaka has been on a crescent. He's uh that was very nice of Bisnaga though because he didn't even care if there was uh points or guard pool or whatever. He just came up on top and said, "Let's just start this match, you know." Yeah, he plays he plays he plays top uh often against some of the best guards. Uh he did really well at Crown last year. has been doing really well. But Diego Sre with a big sweep coming on top and tying the match two to two. Now he's on top. Keep it in mind that we're talking about, you know, he was losing the whole entire match against Fabrina Kennedy and at the very end of the match he was able to get the submission. And when we say the very end, it was three seconds left. No, no, no. It was at zero. It was at zero. It was zero when the when they stopped. Yes. But I believe it was three 3 seconds left when he came on top. When he came on top. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But there still was nothing there. You know, the clock the the time ended and that wouldn't be points by the way. And he was losing by two points, you know. Yes. Yes. So he had to get the submission. I believe that's why Kennedy tried to held on for tried to hold on for so long, you know. And you can see that he looked at the clock. Yeah. Yep. He probably was like, "Okay, two seconds I can fall." You know, that was beautiful. And Diego has been in the finals twice, if I'm not mistaken. And uh hasn't won just yet, but he did win, I believe, Europeans. And he's the he's the younger brother, huh, from Alex Odre, who has also been on a tear lately. Both of these guys competing at the same division. [Applause] Nice try. Nice nice guard pass. Now, the thing with with Biza coming up on top is not because I was surprised that he plays on top. All these guys have amazing amazing guard passing. Oh, look at that. I know that technique of foot lock right here. I know that technique. Is it going to happen at finals of the worlds? I didn't manage to do that at at Gear Worlds. I believe maybe a nogi world but not a not a G. And there was the submission happened. The guy in that bulock. No way. My good luck right there. What did you see how he how he put out his uh Diego tried to turn in for his foot to try to to to get off angle but he I believe his knee popped. Yeah. Because this knee popped. Yeah. Amazing. Amazing. first finals from Giznaga is such such such a tough competitor and underrated and you know extremely underrated because he never gets a good bracket you know he never gets a good draw but this time you know he went there he beat a lot of tough opponents you know also Isaac Gordling did not show up so so you know that was in his favor but uh he went to the finals of the crown he beat uh uh uh Kennedy at the crown last year he lost in a really tough match against B and uh yeah so man I'm just upset he got the he got the k foot lock in the in the semifinals of the worlds or maybe oh no I don't think so not at the gear worlds but I never I never did that you know so look let's see let's see in the replay look how he was trying to move his foot away yeah but the the foot was the the leg was so tight oh oh my god he broke Oh my god, that looked Oh my god, that did not That was nasty. That was nasty. That was a lot of pressure. That that foot locker puts a lot of pressure on the knee down so you can hyper extend. So what happened is this guys um usually the person falls down and then the and then there's all the pressure on the foot. But Jo did not want to go down. He wanted to stay up to not give an advantage or two points and because of that the knee you know you start applying pressure on the knee you know wow wow that that was actually surprising amazing job by by Bizaga you know making it to his first finals like we said he's uh extremely underrated a lot of people don't know him he's been on the on the scene for a very long time, you know, but since he's a brown belt, he has always done so amazing, you know. So, no surprise for me, no surprise for you, but if you have never heard of him, guys, he is really good. This new generation is really good. He's not really in the new generation, but he's also not in the past generation, you know, and he's trying to make his name out there, making it to his first finals. he's going to have a really tough match either against Mayhem or or Cole, whoever wins that match, you know. And um I've heard that training he trains 10 times better than he actually competes. That's what I heard from uh some of his teammates that in the academy his training is just amazing that he trains with everyone with the heavier guys and everyone have a tough time. That that's not a good that's not a good thing. You know why? Because competing is definitely harder than training. But Samir, how is it to be on day two of Worlds competing on those mats? It's a different experience. It's a different for sure. It's a different adrenaline. The adrenaline is just the adrenaline is just uh something else. It's something else. And guys, let's go for a quick commercial break until our next match starts. We will be back. [Music] Hey, [Music] hey, hey. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] Hey, [Music] hey, hey. Hey, hey, hey. [Music] Hey, [Music] hey, hey. [Music] And we are back at the 2025 World Championships, the most important G tournament of 2020. 25. We have here Andy Murasaki chasing his first world titles, a first world title after so many after coming close so many times against Leonardo Sza in his first semifinals. Samir country Leonardo really tough uh really tough opponent for uh Andy. Leonardo won uh Europeans this year. Uh, super tough, super tough guy. But Andy, man, he is he he has what it takes. Has been having what it takes to be a world champion for a long time. Has been, I believe, in three or four finals and uh in different weight classes. Okay, keep that in mind. I'm Yes. Yes. Lightweight and and now he's back at light. So, let's see if that's, you know, if that's what it takes. I I believe that's a great whit class for him though. One thing about Andy is that it's unpredictable if he wants to play bottom or top, you know, and he wants the bottom. He likes that under hook de laiva. And also, I believe because uh uh um Donado has a great guard. Oh, closing the guard. That's something that we don't see Andy doing it often, but it's a good it's a good way to set up his his own guards, you know. So if Leonardo stands and he might be able to set up a guard a lot tight or transition to something really good that has a cross grip right now. Kyle uh maybe try maybe he's going to try to cross that arm. Let's go that grip. Grab. That's deep. Gets a deep collar grip there. Collar and sleeve. Switching between guards. Actually switching grips. Yeah. Going for that arm, huh? As now has a triceps grip. He's transitioning all his grips all the time. That's really good because he keeps his opponent confused, you know. Something went wrong there. All the the arm. Yeah. The the G is a little bit long. You know, Shani and Hajer Gracie style, you know, always always long geese. Most of the people do the opposite, right? They they they keep it as short as possible. Funny fact, guy, I had to bring it up. I don't know if you remember, but when Leonardo uh won Europeans, he won and run through Shani and took Shan down. That was a good one. Oh, I didn't see that. So, let's see the match if that's going to happen again. I think Shani is going to throw him on the stands. It's going to be a rematch there. Yeah. Yeah, not many people take Shandal though. And here comes that after winning. Man, that's actually harder than winning on European contest. Oh, going for that K. He's been trying to go for that K for a while. Since the beginning of the the match, he goes K and then he closed the guard. Now he's back to the K. They're not doing good job. That's where Andy likes, huh? He likes that Xguard. Anything hugging the leg is Andy's specialty. You know, he hugs the leg, he chases the back. That was beautiful. And Leonardo did a good job defending the back take, but you know to defend the back take you have to place your back on the mat and then you end up giving the two points. Now Andy is really dangerous passing guard. So heavy. He's so heavy for that class especially. Yeah. Look at look at his foot. Like his his feet are like almost as wide as his as his length, you know? So it keeps him gives him a really good base. You can see that Andy plays a lot with feet wide, knees closed. This gives him a nice base. You you can watch you can you know if the camera can show you you start noticing that um this give him a good base not just to not get swept but if your opponent tries and moves it sets up his passing you know because it sets up opening the knee and getting getting a slice. So, and his feet are flat all the time, right? A lot of times his feet are flat on the mat. Unless he's pushing forward, then he goes both toes on the mat. But, but yeah, most of the positions he gets feet flat because that's that's what gives him good balance, right? And almost impossible to sweep. Oh, nice try by Leonardo. Good job by Andy sitting back. And that wasn't two points. He's looking for the points, but that was not two points. No. Oh yeah, it was it was just a failed taked down. He tried to take down, didn't accomplish. And one more time, Andy pulling guard and um closing the guard. Slowing down the game, too. He's on the lead. Two to zero. Six minutes left. It's a good position to be in for sure. Leonardo has to push the pace though. Yeah. And he has to be quick because, you know, he's losing by two points and has been way more active. So he has the win right now you know he has to not score only the two points but more than that you know so he has to start pushing has start moving and and and doing something to Andy the the match has has been having a lot of action but the action has been coming all from Andy so it's important that Leonardo you know it's not guys it's not easy to be on second day of worlds it's not easy it's a different pressure if you have ever competed you know that the pressure is not good. The pressure at worlds is a lot harder. The pressure at the second day, it's even harder. Nice job by Andy. Good job by Leonardo by trying to stand, but he needs to do more than that. He's going to have to keep more active. Samir, what would you do now if you were Leonardo? I would make sure I make my grips. I make my grips and start uh and start applying pressure to open the guard. Stand up. Stand up a good posture. Controlling the sleeves and uh you got to push the pace. Five minutes. So halfway through he has to open the guard and start applying start applying some guard passes there to try to at least get a reaction from Andy. Uh but I would definitely make sure I'm safe before uh before taking the step. Like right now Andy has his leg so I not a good idea to just stand up from there. Not a good idea, huh? Not a good idea. Wrong timing. Exactly. Yeah. So make sure he's safe. Make sure he's breaking the graves. make sure he's all safe there. He did a good job now sprawling out and uh now he's looking for his grips to stand up. But keeping in mind that Andy keeps on switching his grips. That makes it so hard for someone to stand because you don't know what's coming, you know? And he has to stand. He has to hold his leaf. But he doesn't hold his leave, you know, and I think that's the problem. Every time he's trying and he's breaking his grips and keeping him down. Look, but this is a time to risk, right? There's four minutes. That's the time that you can still, you know, get get ahead. If it's one minute to left on the clock and you leave it for one minute left on the clock, it will be over. He should be trying to stand up with the others if he's not being able to. They're they're they're going to give penalties. Let's see. They're giving penalties to the blue. Both of them. Yeah. But that's that's I I believe that that the blue is actually moving. I think both of them are active. I think the uh Lern is also trying to get this lead. You see how he is, but the thing is that um I don't I don't know if he's if he's trying that hard because his posture is so low, you know. He like you said before, he has to have better posture there. Yeah. And I honestly what I would do, I would just grab the other sleeve. Daddy's leaf is there for him, you know. Grab the Look at that. Now he did. He finally did what we're talking about. He finally stood. But again, that sets up and is guard. And if he underhooks the leg, take a look. Let's see if he's going to be able to. If he under Oh. Oh. Oh. Nice attempt of the of of of the fulock and likes to switch also there to the honey ho as well, you know. So that's a good good weight distribution by Leonardo. And now that that comes comes back to what we were talking about like he had to he's trying to switch to the honey hole. See he's trying to switch the honey 100%. He was not able. Leonardo knows. Oh, he crossed the foot there. He Oh. Oh, wait. He's crossing the leg. He might be the Q. Yes. [Music] But at the same time, Leonardo was the one that turned. So they're going to have to see in the video. I saw a rip. Yeah, I I saw the rip, too. But did Leonardo caused the rip or did Andy cause the rip, right? So that's what I think that they're verifying right now. Even if Leonardo rolled to the inside, the leg can't get through. You got to keep that leg on the outside, you know? And I And but if the one pushed it in, that's a different story. Yeah. No. Yes. That's that would be a different story. But I don't think he pushed it in. Let's let's see what what the our angle here was was not as good as the as the uh the referee sitting on the other side. You know, neither of the three referees saw as a reap. But let let's take a look again, guys. As soon as we have a winner here, we're going to try and play the we don't want to lose. Who's going to win this match? We don't want to miss that. But um as soon as we we have a winner declared, we're going to we're going to take a look again at the It was a really nice to huh the transition was really nice. The transition was the transition was amazing. Uh let let's just take a look here. Let's just take a look here. And at Andy trying to get to the honey hole. You can see that. But but you see how he Leonardo keeps his leg on the Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. It was Andy. See, it was it was already there. And then he set up the But I don't know if it was Andy. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. I think it was kind of in the middle though, you know. I think it was kind of in the middle. It was slightly past the middle. But did it pass because he turned his hips? That's, you know, that's what we we we didn't have a slow motion on it, you know, so it's a little a little hard to tell. But Andy comes out with a win here. Tough decision, but but come on. Let's be honest here. Andy Andy didn't rip to apply more pressure. The Toho was tightard. I don't think I don't think he I don't think Leonardo wants to win like that, right? Yeah, that Yeah, that Let's take a look again. This This actually I'm curious to see. Honey hole and then keep the knee tight and then he and he goes on the opposite leg. Right now it seems like it's so hard to tell. Look at the end. Yes, there is a rip, but Leonardo also is like, "Hey, he's ripping." You know, so at the same time, the referees are probably secondg guessing. Was it on purpose? Right. Yes. Because it wasn't a rip all the way across the hip. No, it was all slightly above. Yeah. If it was, guys, it was like an inch. If it was past the hip, past the uh the belly button line with the It was an inch. Exactly. It was an inch, right? So, it's not like tough call. And I believe uh by the replay uh I have the impression that Leonardo tapped slightly before the the the foot crossed more than what I more than the hip line. That plays that plays as well, right? But but keep it in mind that we all we we're we're watching from the same angle, you know, and the the IVJF has multiple cameras set up for the referees. Yes. So they they can just get an angle for for the actual submission, right? So um it's a tough call because you have to watch in slow motion. There's no way if you if you watch, you know. Yeah. And I'm glad uh with the evolution with the uh uh evolution of jiu-jitsu, we can see we have now uh uh cameras. We have now computers where uh even more referees can take a look. Coming up next. Yeah. Coming up next now we have middleweight Yaniki Kapow with a bluegill and Rolando Samson with a white gy first time for Orlando, huh? So such a long time in the making to make to the semifinals of worlds. Yeah, he Yeah, I think he did he did make it once. I think he made it. I think he made it. Yeah, but not at not at middleweight though. It was it was probably a lightweight. Yeah, but but it was that was in like one of his first years though. Yeah. Ronda has been a long long time. Ronda had a great story. Long time. He was uh he was such a always a very talented kid coming up and then uh very talented, right? He stopped training for a while. Yeah, I believe he was uh uh uh getting his uh law degree and then he came back. Seemed like he never left. Yeah. Maybe Hudson can get on that story soon, huh? Yeah. All right, let's go to this match. Yan Pikap such a stronger. Both of these guys like to to to stand right. I believe that Rolando will be forced to pull, but he also likes to to trade takedowns. Maybe with young Pikapow is a it's a good idea to uh maybe not. Oh wow. You know, maybe not. I think he's trying to set up his grip to pull to a good guard because Yumpi Kapow knows how to jump over the legs and time perfectly the pull. So Rolando probably knows that study his opponent had a whole night to think about this match. Probably didn't even sleep right. So you know only one spot to the finals. Only one of these men are going to the finals of the world. Rolando making the first grips. Uh, that's actually really important for Rolando. Making the grips right away prevent the Yumpy Kapow from shooting, but Yumpy Kapow is really good with hip throats as well, you know. So, uh, there's no way out, you know, if you if you stand with Yumpi Kapow. Um, I I mean that that's not something that I would look forward to. Oh, that's surprising. That's surprising. Yeah, but he can wrestle up really well too. So look like he's looking for K guard or giving the lapel there. [Music] [Applause] Rolando already open. It's already start putting pressure bringing the knee through. Nice job. Nice job by Rolando. Beautiful. Beautiful transition to the other side looking for the leg drag. Yeah, some some atus jiujitsu style right there. [Applause] And Galvon has not a single break, huh? Match after match year coaching doesn't even have to take his vest off. Very flexible too there. Rolando is looking right now to stack on on Yon Pikapo. Yon Pikapa is doing a good job keeping his legs open and wide and at the same time keeping his hips off of the mat. You can see that with the hips off of the mat, he can actually load Rolando um in case he uses the leg that is spinning it down and pushes it away. But Rolando is keeping his knee close to the mat. You know, Yumpi Kapow doing a good job with his hand under the leg to prevent pressure from Rolando. Very nice. Rolando did a good a good thing trying to chase the other side, but Yikap knows that. So, he keeps the leg open and wide. Both of these guys know really well the game of jiu-jitsu. So, they're going to have to be creative here. You see that because of Rolando wasn't able to bring his hip up, he had to expose the pass a little bit and almost lost the pass. Uh but then he saw that came right back into the position and uh go back. But you see that you pick up I don't think he actually exposed it because I think he knew that he would lose it so he came back. I think he just said I told you guys he has to be creative at this level guys. He has to be creative guys. This advantage doesn't matter. What matters is the position that he reached. Getting into the leg weave position against such a tough opponent. It might be it might be what it causes the win. You know Kyle, what you rather do trying to pass straight to the mount? Trying to pass to the left side to switch to the right side. It depends on what my opponent will give to me. And what Young gave to him is I got recover into that into that stacking position. Right back. But now but now Young Pikapo is more aware of what of what Rolando can do which is moving the the his left leg towards the north south position. Keep it in mind this is not the same position as before because before Yumpi Kapa had his his arm under his own leg, his left arm and now the arm is on the lapel which mean guys that that Rolando now can have the knee on the floor and now u cannot yes Kapa cannot load him anymore. You see how uh uh I like that what Rolando did there. It's really good that the lapel there is open. Yes. See, he's opened. He doesn't have that grip any high grip anymore. And this is important because it's he's trying to close the knee. Oh, nice job. He came back. But you see how Yeah. Yeah. That was good because that that would have created a guard pass for sure. Yeah. Going to north south. Oh, but the hand now he's in back again. The hand is back underneath again. So now So now Yeah. Yeah. Orlando should have you need you see that's the thing you know you can't rush at this level but at the same time if you don't you know you allow an opportunity for play is going to be yeah to to set up his grips as well and now now pick up he's still not he's under the leg but he's under the shin so it's not as powerful as under his own you know his own knee but uh you can see that that Rolando has his knee on the floor but in in trade you know in exchange of that um he's allowing um pickup how to hold his lapel underneath. That doesn't really guarantee or stop u from a guard pass from Rolando because Rolando can use his left arm and underhook the hips, you know, and Rolando is in a really comfortable position right now. You know, staying there for like four minutes is not the nicest thing you want, right? Being stacked for four minutes is is not very Oh, he's trying to switch the leg trying to switch leg shoot over there so he can push to the side. Yeah, he's trying to get to the north south here, but you know, the thing is that uh he needs to get the lapel a little bit looser, you know, because if the lapel is still there, he'll have a hard time taking his foot out, you know. That's what he's trying to do. Look how he's trying to get his foot as close to the edge as possible. You see it was in the shin, it's by the foot. But at the same time, you do that, you lose pressure. You lose pressure. So, it's a trade, right? It's an exchange here. you know, you really want the pass or you you know, you want to stay there because you picap can also not Oh. Oh, now he loaded. That's what we're talking about before, you know, but the loading creates the bolo. The loading leg drag. Then he came back on top and right back into this stack. But now Yan has the he has a lag in a lag in. So, makes it much better for him to set up a guard and not be in that stack position back again. [Music] Oh, nice underhook by Rolando trying to force Halfgar. Yeah, he's he's he's in a position where they are actually neutral because he's in the deep half still but the hips is below the hips, right? So, allows Pikapo. This is actually a good situation for Pikapo. plays very well from this angle because he comes up. He wrestles up. He exactly he wrestles up from this position, right? He created it just creates a scramble. Cino Venus used to play it really well as well, right? But young Pikapo wrestles from this position really nice. Well, another loss that under hook that had that he had it which but he's going to probably look for that again. Got got it back but also uh Pikapo brought the leg back. Rolando has wants no breaks. Beautiful. He wants no breaks here. Doesn't tie his belt. He just wants to go for it. He doesn't let Pika comfortable at any time. It's one guard pass, one guard pass attempt behind other guard pass attempt to get into the comfortable positions all the time. He's not letting Pikapal set up his guard right now. That's keeping in mind the difference here, right? If it's if it's um if if if he tries to sweep now, right? um Rolando will probably try and come up on top and and just give an advantage, right? But um the thing is if he tries to sweep later on, Rolando will not try will try to not give any advantage and then can cause two advantages because it can cause the advantage of of um the sweep and the backake back. Yeah, he turns away. So, so Yikap might be timing the right moment to do this because sweeping right now could only cause maybe the the advantage if in case he cannot get the two points, right? And that would will draw the match, but Rolando will win by being more active, right? Yeah, he's definitely in dominant positions and he's definitely the one attempting and uh looking for. Now, he sweeps at 30 seconds. That changes everything if it gets to two. Yes, absolutely. It's dangerous though because that 30 seconds that's that's like a one boot. you know, you're playing Russian roulette, you know, in this case, uh, Brazilian roulette, you know, to be honest, Kyle, uh, give me your opinion on this, but one minute left. Orlando has a good position. I don't think he should risk anymore. Oh. Oh. Oh, now he's trying to get the Yeah, for sure. For sure. But at the same time, if he stops moving, it allows Pikapow to get better. It's It's a tough situation. Got a good position there. That lapel and that knee pin, I think it's going to make very hard for Oh, yeah. If he keeps that position, that would be perfect. You know, that that would be perfect. But but his coach cannot say that. The ref cannot hear that. Yeah, but right now he can't. He can stall now because there's only less than 30 seconds. Even if he get a penalty, he still Oh, the liber. [Applause] The knees out to the side and the 5050. Oh, there will be no advantage for the 50/50. Is going to look for that. Could be an advantage by the F. He will lose by by not being active enough as much as Orlando. And will Rolando make it to his first finals of the world? 3, two, one. And Rolando advances to the final against either Tynan Dalra or Ronaldo Pereira from also Atus. Right. So, let's see if we're going to have a team out close out. a team close out or or we're gonna have Tino on another world finals here against Orlando Samson. Both of these guys, but let's keep in mind, we seen at members fighting uh in the World's Championship, Andy and uh Bragina, they fought two years ago. Then they they went to the finals of the uh medium heavy. And it's too far right now. You kind of have to fight, right? You you you need to fight in order to actually receive the points, receive the bonus and the prize. Yes. True, true, true, true. It's a good too from ABJ. And honestly, I don't know who would win, Rolando or Ronaldo. That would be a great match. But anyone against Tina, Tyn is the favorite. So, so let's see who Rolando has. He guarantees the first spot in the 2025 World Championship Middle Finals. [Music] Samir, what do you what did you think about this match? It was a great match controlled by Orlando. Uh Pikapo did surprise us by pulling guard, but did had a really really really good guard. Uh just wasn't able to get like a very uh uh offensive position. We're going to see some replay right now from the match. You see that? You see how he dodged good positions, but that that was a beautiful backstab. Yeah, that didn't work. That Well, that that did give him an advantage, huh? Yes, that was that was that was that was the one advantage. There was no double pull on this match. You don't pick up surprised and actually pulled guard. Yes, maybe he's he's thinking why did I, right? Yeah, he did. He did get he did set up a good guard there, but man, Rolando was just so good on taking initiative and not allowing Pikapo to actually set up a an offensive guard. He picked really well the guards, but mostly in defensive positions, he was able to prevent the passes. Uh, but yeah. All right, introducing for next match middle heavy semifinals Gustavo Batista in the blue ghee and we have Wallace on Olivera uh from Campion United in the white ghee. Gustavo Bachista Bragina had an amazing quarterfinals yesterday. uh he was getting his back taken and he escaped right into a guard pass and then got a submission. It was a great run from Batista yesterday and W also Wson also had to face Hibama who is also a really tough opponent. It was a really tough match. He was actually decided in the last 30 seconds. Oh, Bragina pooling. No surprise there. Uh but brain man amazing amazing one leg decks amazing top game pressure. So um there's no way to feel comfortable with this guy. Huh? I see his game very similar to actually or the other the same the same as L as L. Yes. Also but like when I see him and uh uh uh Andy they both have very I wouldn't say so because No, I I wouldn't say so. I think that that Andy plays way more with under hookah. his uh top game. Their top game. Oh, his top game. That top game. Their top game. Very slow paced pressure. I don't think so because Andy looks for the leg drag a lot of the times and Bragina uses more than cut the handle. The hand on the knee knee cuts uh but what is very similar is that both of these guys, the pace and the pressure have incredible pressure and balance. Their balance and their pace is incredible. Their pace is very similar. Yeah, exactly. Very similar. When they reach a good position, you're not getting out of there, huh? Ra gets the the get gets Wallace out of balance, but Wallis keeps his composure. Comes up on top. No advantage there. You know, he manages to fall on his knee. Good job by Wallace, but you can see that Bragin is trying to move Wallisson uh to Bragina's left side so he can set up that one leg decks. You see, Bragin is very comfortable with the leg uh under under the legs, you know, like into the headquarters position. He actually chooses that. He used that a lot. He has a really good full lock. He didn't go for it, but you know, usually he has really good uh straight ankle locks. He gets the two points and Wallstone has to set up a nice guard because if he doesn't, then it becomes dangerous, you know. Rain is looking for Seems like he doesn't have a good angle so far, you know. Yeah. And then and be careful, you know, because you set up foot locks. That's that's a back take right there, right? you any any foot lock attack is an opportunity for opponent to take your back. So that's the beauty of jiu-jitsu. You know W has a creates a a better even better counterattack. the lapel the lapel set up there by Wallace has been trapping that and and and remember remember what I said right um Galvan would have no breaks but he got a little break right now because Louisa took his spot you know coaching his his girlfriend so we got Bonzo on the other side oh yeah he had no break forgot about Ronaldo Bra was able to free his for Braa is really comfortable in close guard. You know most most athletes uh aren't as as comfortable in the close guards as Brainia. I have never really seen someone maybe Hutong right but besides Hutong I have never seen someone actually attacking Bragina and and making Bragina uncomfortable from the close guard which is which is actually really rare. You know, one thing is uh uh uh uh uh at least, you know, like he he doesn't even get outbalanced from that position, you know, he's so comfortable there. I I believe it might be his body type, but you know, I never trained with him or fought him to really to really know trying to set up the K guard under hooking the leg. You see, he's trying to keep the brain from the pressure off. He doesn't have the knee, so he has has to push You know, and that the problem right now is that Bragina might have the knee under. Yes, he did. So now Bragin is like inch by inch like you said, Samir, getting into the half guard position. This is really tight, guys. This is so tight. This is so tight. Now it's going to be Waterstone's going to have to pull something off really good to get breaking off of there. This even if he does, it's, you know, it's so much energy to get out of there. Yeah, at at this point Wallis, you know, is is basically surviving. Wallis did a great job coming in into into the semifinals. Has a grip has a grip on his sh. It's almost like fighting an IBJF open, huh? Look at this. Oh, wow. Passing to the mount. Going for the back. So, he gets the advantage for the for the pass. He did not get the the advantage for the mount, but I believe uh Wallis turned right away. So he didn't get an advantage for the mount. So now But but how do you how do you do that if you pass straight to the mount and get an advantage for the pass? But I think he turned away. He turned away before. So it was just an advantage for the pass like he turned to like he turned to he defended the pass. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I I thought he actually went towards the mount but Oh, he got a submission. From our angle, we couldn't see what he was. Yeah. I have the referee right in front of me. They were facing away. I didn't see but very likely a a rear naked or something because I don't think I don't see any grip on extension on like his body. Yeah. Either either rear naked or lapel but I would say rear naked because I don't see the lapel because of he would have he would have to go. Yeah. So I don't see that. So we see but like I said like a minute ago just a minute ago he at this point Wall was just surviving. Was the beginning of the end. Yeah. Was was was the the very beginning of the end when we call it. Yes guys is no shame on this. Okay. Bragina is just, you know, like not just on another level. This guy has been in the final of the worlds so many times, you know, like it's no surprise being here in the semi-finals today, you know, for Wallace. And it's still like kind of a shock, you know, being in the second day of Worlds is not an easy task and there was only one spot in the finals and we have Breaking advancing to another finals once again, but it's not going to be easy. Okay, because we have in the other side Jansen Gomez and Rahul Barbarosa Bazilu. One more match for Andre to coach. Yeah. In the other on the other side, right? But um both of these guys used to to actually be atus jiu-jitsu, right? So no no sorry. So only only Rahu, but Raul has Caillou. Rau has Kaio. So it's not it's not really is Galvong coaching or Kyong. Oh really? Yeah. Rau has been in uh ATS HQ and Le is coaching Johnson. Johnson that came from uh Kagallu. So many you know top level athletes came in from from Kentagalo. So many talent. So many talent. Replay. We're going to see the we're going to see the the tap over there. I think that was a little extension there of the body. So, that was kind of like a modified rear naked choke. I think he had it he had it under I I didn't see the lapel. It could be the lapel. I think I by the angle I saw a little extension of the body. So, I'm assuming I think it was not an extension of the body. I think it was extension of his own body to push himself backwards and maybe apply pressure with the form on the throat, you know. But I could be wrong. Make that that double hand. Double hand. Yeah, the double hand but with only one hand because it's Brain. Guys, we have here, you know, one of the stars of the tournament, Adam Warzinski. A lot of people waiting for this match. A lot of people waiting for this man right here. You know, seven years in the making until making it to the finals of the world and conquering his first world title. And since then on a tear winning the Grand Slam, winning worlds 2024, Europeans 2025, Panams 2025, going to Brazil 2024 as well. Yeah, crown. Yeah, that that's actually a maybe even harder than the Grand Slam right there. He uh some will call super grand, right? Winning major. Yeah. The G the G super Grand Super Grand. Yes, all major. All four majors plus the crown. So, has been on a tear since world's last year. So, since here last year, Adam has a lost. Unbelievable. Unbelievable. Hey, no, no, no, no, no, hold on, hold on. Not not not that he didn't lose, but the fact that he dominated all his opponents. I believe he only didn't submit once or uh once or twice, but I don't think that will be a submission right here. Adam with the blue G. Rider on the white give. Adam probably pulling guard. Oh, nice job by Rider. Uh oh, and Adam came up on top. They took out the advantage. Gave him two. Gave him the the the two points here. They're reviewing it. They're reviewing to see if Adam pulled first. I actually thought that Adam did pull first. was just like maybe a second, you know, maybe 1 second away, but I did think that Adam did pull first. Yeah, they're reviewing that right now. Kyle, uh different than what we were talking about Andy. Look at uh while we while Adam is on top, look how he changed his feet positioning and his feet angles all the time. What I need you to look is how he's has his uh feet not flat. He goes on his toes but without his toes. Yes, but without his toes. That That's crazy. You see uh and uh Oh, he might have his toes broken because on the right side he actually placed the toes on the mat. I heard from people that fought him and I can see how much forward pressure he puts. I've studied his game before. No, he's he's always driving forward. He's always driving forward. It's unbelievable. And with his land too. how uh uh with his length, he also is able to push forward in being so far forward on the opponent past the hip which creates a huge pressure and weight distribution on the opponent. But but but let's keep one thing in mind, okay? He is Polish, probably the strongest race out there, you know. So I'm so lucky I have never trained with this guy. and and uh not only from people that have fought him before, but people that have trained with him saying that he's one of the hardest people hardest person to train because of the distinct uh uh game and uh body type. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. And uh he looks so skinny, but at the same time, he must have so so much power, you know, and and his pressure is so good. Look at that. Because of his length, too, and how amazing he is able to use that in his face. He has really good movement for a guy that that size, you know. Oh, yeah. Beautiful leg drag. Beautiful leg weave into the leg drag. Windshield wiper, I'm sorry. Windshield wiper to the leg drive. And keeping in mind that he likes the closed guard, but but Adam knows that. And he keeps the knee Oh, he did. He did close the guard. See, he kept always the the form blocking the the back of the knee on Rider's left side, but but Rider was able to get the elbow off and close the guard. You know, eventually, that's the thing. If you keep trying the same thing over and over, you know, it works. But at some point, your opponent can recognize, especially in a 10-minute match, you know, oh, beautiful. Oh my god, this guy. And now we're talking about now. Now, now I'm just upset at Adam, you Oh, I'm upset at this. Why didn't he fight the absolute? You know why? He doesn't do much absolute, right? Yeah, but I would love to see this guy against people such as like Eric Monise, you know? Yeah. Now, Adam did a Adam is playing so smart. He had never fight like this, you know. Adam always plays like, "Okay, yeah, I'm training jiu-jitsu." Yeah. What you want to play top? I I play I play bottom. You want to play bottom, I play top. Right now, he did such a good smart strategy, you know, good timing on the pool, right? Such a good timing on the pool. He He knew Re would have to turn on his knees and the moment he did so, he went and pull guard and now he's playing his own game. Guys, this is really important for Adam. Yeah, but but this is really important for Adam. Not just because he can sweep Ritter, you know, but because Adam always sweeps to that knee cut. If you allow Adam to sweep, it's not the two points that matter. It's the position that he lands. This is what Reer have has has to worry about. And Reer can't keep on walking back. He's going to get penalized. He has to drive forward. Yes. So now he puts his knees on the floor. The floor. Nice job holding the the collar right there. Collar. Yeah. Collar. That's that's one 101. But at least he didn't he landed with the knee on. You see, he did Reer didn't fight. And that's why Rider did a good job not fighting. Sometimes you fight and then that's when Adam gets to his position to his knee cut, but instead of fighting, Rider uh Rder accepted the sweep, getting the knee on the middle right away, but that didn't matter much. But look how the knee look how the knee is already forward, Kyle. You don't want that. And that's that's the beginning of the end. You don't want that. You don't want you know that's the thing. You you train you get into that position and you take your opponent out. But you are not fighting a regular opponent. You're fighting one of the best pound for pound in the world right now. You know this guy hasn't lost a single match a single match since last world's conquering the super grand slam. Oh, that beautiful mount. It it he's I I was broadcasting this yesterday. This guy, Samir, this guy, correct me if I'm wrong, but this guy is almost like the new Roger Gracie because, you know, this guy's going to do this thing and he does exactly what he does in every single match. Check what I was talking about. Look how he can keep his hip low which prevent which flats him out but also he's so p he's still past hither's head. So the amount of pressure on top there on uh on the choke or anything he does there. Look the funny thing now the funny thing to me and Adam stays here in this position if you guys don't know he stays here for a while. He likes to control the mount and get his opponents tired just so you guys know. So he might stay here for for a minute before he he actually gets him tired and then finish. But you know eventually he does get the the job done or he lands in close guard back again. So let's see what's going to happen here. But if you guys don't know a lot of people uh that train and competed with with Ritter, they they have always said that Rider is one of the strongest guy they have ever trained or fought. Um but that's probably because they have never trained or fought Adam because the pressure of this man is unbelievable. I truly it's I believe it's more driven pressure than anything, man. Like the pressure his how he uses body type in his length is just amazing. Yeah. Look at H Gracie, right? Yeah. H Gracie, a lot of his opponents I talk to uh I always say, "How strong is he?" And man, this guy is not strong at all. He's not strong at all. He's just weird, you know? He's just weird. He can use his size so well, you know, and I have never trained with someone that long that can use his body. So, you know, it's just it's just knowing your body. is so good. And that's one of the reasons why jiu-jit people should train jiu-jitsu because it allows you to move better and have a better quality of life because you know your body better. You know, waking up knowing your body is a different feeling, you know, because in the end of the day, jiu-jitsu is is the art, you know, that that you um you're pretty much um um telling what you feel, you know, by movement, you know. So it it requires you to understand your body very well. And now we have been like over that minute mark that we were talking about. So that's when Adam starts going for it because he is probably now really extremely tired and uh you know there's too much pressure. You know being in the being the mount for a minute is one thing. Being the mount with Adam putting pressure is a different thing. Look at that. I call the one minute and that's when he starts it. It's so normal. You know it's it's usually the same way. His only chance is getting to the close guard again. That's why he has to try. Oh, nice katagatam. You see he has to drop the hips to the side and the finish is going to happen. Guys, you see how patient he has been building up to this position for the longest time and then even when he gets the position, it doesn't seem like he applies that huge amount of pressure to try to finish right away. Good job by Hither. Good. Good. You see Hither kept his chin kept his chin down. You know, you keep the chin down. No choke. the but the problem with that is that there's no choke but at the same time you can't breathe because your nose gets on your opponent's shoulder you know so he traded the the the choke for not breathing he was able to survive but you know if you're not breathing for a while you get tired so you end up setting up a different spot and now Adam is with Ezekiel choke right there is so tough yeah it didn't it didn't seem like he's God this guy's tough it didn't seem my uh that his forearm was all the way And he's doing a good job uh uh moving his hip away there. But Adam, like I said, Adam's just just like a snake. And he didn't he got out. How How are he still How is he still moving? How is he still moving? One minute left. 13 points lead by Adam. Yeah, which is which is totally normal in any of his matches, right? All his matches. ends with a very large uh amount of points whether there's a submission or not. Um, nice job by Ritter. Nice job by Rider right there. One of the best matches by the way was uh you know uh in the past couple years was Philipe Andre and and Adam Warzinski. You probably remember that very well. If you guys have not watched guys go on flow, you know u search for Philip Andre and Wad Adam Warzinski. You you'll definitely I believe it was uh 2022. No, was it 22, man? I thought it was 2024. Now I'm getting Oh my god, I'm so old. I'm so I'm glad that you're the one balding cuz I'm the one getting old. 2024 Adam lost to Pedro Mashado. Um, and it's the end here, Samir. It's the end here. Surprise for you. Adam making to another finals. Yes. Once again will so so if you win worlds you know and then you have to win to grand slam you have to win uh Europeans pans and brazilos to grand slam and then he wins the deck round. So now it's a super grand slam, but he wins the 2025 Worlds too. Let's say, right? If he wins, I mean, what would that be? Super super super grand slam. That's the beginning of a new season. Ah, come on. Today would be a beginning of a new season. If this guy, if this guy makes it, you know, and wins another world title without even barely. Look at this guy. Look at this guy's composure. If he's really with that composure, winning another world title, give this guy like the give him the real crown here in jiu-jitsu, you know? Amazing, Adam. Amazing. You are great. You are awesome. Great, Adam. And there's a story behind it, man. Like seven seven world championship, not meddling, and then accomplish his first world title and then that just set up for greatness. That first world title, I believe, just changed. Let's let's take a look in the replay here, Samir. He gets the advantage on the double pull right in the beginning. He doesn't want to spend any time not doing jiu-jitsu and then he used the butterfly hook which either did a good job setting up his own guard with the knee. See how he falls and set ups the knee on the middle. That didn't prevent Adam though eventually to get that was Adam 101. Yeah, that was Adam 101. the sweep that we once you get the sweep that we see, the guard pass that we see. We we we we tell people all the time, you know, don't let them mount you, you know, don't let them get to your back, guys. With Adam Warzinski, do not let him poke his knee through half guard. Do not let that happen. And and now let's get to the super heavy division. Um, we have here maybe the star of the tournament, Eric Monise, which is also in the finals of the absolute in the blue G already pulling guard, trying to to make his game, his guard game against Venicious Liberace, which which had an amazing run last year. He had an amazing run. He lost the finals to Adam last year in the heavyweight division. But but keep it in mind that he didn't just lose the finals like but he was playing extremely well against Adam. Yes, extremely well. Yes, he he was shocking to me how good he was last year. But then that sequence hit that sweep into the guard pass into the mount into the submission. Yep. Yep. Yep. That's the thing, you know. 6 minutes, six minutes into the match with Adam Morzinskin is death. You know, you see that's the thing last year I was commentating and saying how Venus is so patient, so calm. Look how he fights so calm and so patient. So I thought he could he could have gone a division down, you know, because he doesn't use a lot of energy on his matches, you know? He's just so technical. But then he went up, you know, maybe he's thinking, "Oh, you know what? These big guys, they're not as technical, so I'm going to win on that." Man, you're wrong because you're fighting maybe one of the most techn if not the most technical guy of today, which is Eric Monise. you know, and it's not in the finals, it's in the semi. So, but really nice job because most people here with Eric, you know, they they have a tough a hard time uh not Eric, not not not uh preventing Eric from setting up his grips. And Eric right now trying to come up on a single leg. Look at at Venicious already falling down, trying to close the guard. But, um both of these guys are very patient. You know, they're playing really smooth jiu-jitsu. If you likes move jiu-jitsu, this is the match to watch because Eric always plays like this. There's not a lot of explosion or speed, you know, he's it's not that he's slow. He just plays on the perfect pace, you know, both on bottom and on top. And Venus is very similar. Samir, talk about the position that they have right there on this onelegged X kind of modified. Yeah, that's actually a good position for uh for Liberati, how uh he has the control of the far leg. That's one thing that I uh that I do a lot and I tell my students like when we get a uh uh uh single leg act like that, trying to control the the far leg is a really good way to go. And that's actually uh Oh, that was a good trying a good transition to the back there. But uh that was lack of control there. That was good. It's a good tilt sweep. You don't see that often against Eric. Oh my god. This man's just swept Eric Mun. That's very good. I was thinking like that's not smart, you know, to going super heavy and facing Eric Monise, but actually Eric Monise might be the the the one guy that will play into his game because it's technique against technique, you know, and we're really going to see who's better at jiu-jitsu in this match. Oh, nice transition to the modified honeyhole here. This this can be a really good attack. Nice transition again to to the one leg decks. these both both of these guys. Look at this other side cuz the weight the weight was in the other side. So he switched and he does he does a switch as well. So he can uh so he can have both pen control. He has a pen control on the one on one side and when he switch the other side now has control both legs. He hits that a lot. that I see. And the way to kill that, it's it it usually is to place both knees on the mat. But if you do, I mean, what the opposite knee on the mat that it doesn't have the single leg X, but if you do that, you expose your back, right? Because it allows your opponent to cross the other leg over your body. Um, Eric Monise comes up on top. They're they're not really fighting to stay on top that hard because uh what they're trying to do basically is trying to get a sweep into a good position, right? And um and sometimes when you when you fight too hard, you end up set setting up the pass for your opponent. So So they accept into their own guard. Look how Venicious can get the sweep back again. And they're back to back. Keep it in mind that these these guys have trained together many times. You know, they are from different teams now, but but they have trained together multiple times, so they know each other's games. Yes. Uh guys, it's hard to to to to to say what's going to happen here because uh both of these guys are very very um versatile and you really just don't know what they're looking for against each other, you know, and and sometimes playing your own game might not be the best since they know each other, you know. Maybe sometimes it's better to switch a little bit. You see that they're not playing the same game at all this whole fight. you know, uh, Venus was trying to play with the lasso initially when he was on bottom. Now he's doing a completely different game. This is more of his game, right? By, by the way, you know, having the pengrip dehiva, but doing that to someone that is taller than you is usually harder. Pinu is usually the tallest guy when he when he fights, but this type of game, uh, sometimes it's hard to play with someone that is that is taller than you in case you're trying to move them to the opposite side of the de la, right? Yeah. He's trying to get to that single leg X. Is he trying to get to the close guard position? I I I thought I saw his hips trying to get up and both legs on the outside. He's trying nice. Yeah, nice nice transition here. And this is a really good position, but it's better when your opponent is standing. Now, if if Eric takes the hand off the floor, he does get swept there. Okay, but you can see that uh the uh uh how tall he is and he keeps the leg away, the the arm away, I'm sorry. This is a nice transition placing the hips on the floor. You see, because it allows Yes. to counterattack. Nice buring bolo transition, but it's not tight. It's not tight. Venicious, he has to bring the the left leg towards the floor. Oh no. On the front of Eric's body. That's That's not where he wants it. That can set up the leg drag, my friend. And Eric knows that. So if he locks the the triangle there on the legs and not allow which which he just did and not allow Venzo to cross the leg to the 50/50, he brings a leg. Yeah. Oh, now now Venu is being able to remove the leg. Both of these guys know jiu-jitsu so well. They're so technical, you know. I'm usually calling the shots before it even happens. But look at that. The 50/50 Venicious did it. Venicious made it work. I usually call the shots before it happens. But with these guys so hard, I have to talk so fast in order to even try and call it before what they do because they they know jiu-jitsu so much so well, you know, and they know that each other knows jiu-jitsu so well that um that they need to have that transition. That's why they keep on transitioning from from guard to guard, from grip to grip so fast and not allowing uh your their their opponent to be comfortable in any position. I like that position a lot, Kyle. Like the preventing how Eric's preventing the uh the 50/50 by having his knee open there. Yeah. With with the hips away, you see looking facing away from from Venicius. Okay. If he if if Eric has the hips facing towards Venus, then Venus can cross the leg into the 50/50 again. Oh, nice transition with the leg there. But Venice already set up the guard defense. Very good, man. These guys are so good. These guys are so good. it it's almost like effortless for both of them. You know, Eric is really good on top, but his that his guard is definitely his best his best part of the game. Um, and Venu's guard is really really good, but Venios does don't really care about playing guard or top. Nice coming up, but but this can set up a back take. Okay. So, so that's even referees will make them tie their belts back again. Neither of these these guys are tired. You know, they're being exchanging a lot of techniques. Obviously, there's some energy that they are wasting there and their heart must be beating fast because it's the semi-finals of the world's um 42. Man, how crowded this place is. 1 minute and 45 seconds left. The camera is not showing really how crowded this place is. It it it has one side that that that one small side that is open is where the camera is facing, but everything else is incredibly packed. Incredibly packed here. If Eric Pard iconic pyramid if Eric pulls guard, which he does, that that's going to be almost impossible. Venu is going to have a hard time. That's going to be almost impossible. Yeah, Venice, that's what I was saying. Like he plays guard so much better, but at the same time, he's comfortable on top. like he he he's playing old school Adam Warzinski where he doesn't care what his opponents do, you know, but look at Adam, he's so good now with the rules and you know, it's like imagine if you play soccer without knowing the rules. You can be the best player in the world. You can be Ronaldo, you can be Messi, but if you don't know the rules, you know, you'll never reach your full potential. And it's not that he doesn't know the rules, he just doesn't want to play the rules. So we here comes the his notable double as the impossible guard to pass. Uh, look at Eric how his hand was like in the air like, "Okay, you know, I'm so comfortable here. You're not going to pass. I'm, you know, my guard retention so incredible." And he's right. You know, if you want to pass Eric, guys, you you you are really going to have to reach a position that most people don't, you know. Yeah, he's trying to set up the double. So, look how his hand is on the air. Not really carrying. Not make like who plays guard without with with only one grip, you know? It's It's rare to find this. [Applause] [Music] And I think that's it, huh? Eric closed the guard. Both of these guys are probably friends, I believe. And now, yeah, good job both guys. Really technical match here, you know. Amazing amazing way to see jiu-jitsu, you know. and and and this is a proof that you don't have to use all your energy, all your strength um to actually be active in jiu-jitsu. You know, these guys were what was such an active match. They didn't stop in any single position transitioning from guard to guard the whole entire time but barely using any energy. Amazing. Incredible. Great match. Very technical. Great sweep exchanges, gaze controls. Liberati with good guard passing attempts towards the end there and uh Eric advance the super heavyweight finals for another finals of worlds, huh? This guy has been to the finals of world so many times. Wait and absolute. Let's take a look here in the replay. That was the beautiful sweep that Venitzu scored. Surprised me, you know, how how smooth it was against no one else than Eric Monise. And then Eric got back on top. Venice is kind of accepting so he can choose the guard the landing. Had a good lapel guard there. So yeah. So he tried to get to the squee to the squid but Eric Mun already had the knee uh poking through and on the mat kind of killing the squid for a moment. And now let's go to our last semifinals. In blue we have um Luis Fernando Jolivera from Fratric Jiujitsu and on white we have Roosevelt Pereira from Kasone Jiujitsu. Roosevelt that um had a really good run in the lower belts um past few years have have been up and down and And now he's trying to make it to the finals of the world against Luis Fernando. Um Luis Fernando that had to defeat one of the favorites for this division Gileare from Aliance who who has uh been a seasoned athlete you know with multiple finals in in his career so from Grand Slam event. So, let's see if he's ready for day two of the World Championships. It's going to be a good, very good matchup. Uh, Roosevelt has his uh very distinct style for a guy his size. Yeah, this is going to be the new rooster wave match here. This guy just weigh almost triple of the roosters, but uh there will be a lot of movement here. I'm expecting a lot of movement. Roosevelt with really good leg attacks, straight ankle, flexible guards, very flexible guard, moves a lot. Who you expect to be pulling guard here? I thought Roosevelt was going to pull guard. That was my impression before. I think in the in the in the ultra heavies, you know, they try stand a little bit set up setting up their grips to pull to a good guard, you know, because if you if you pull and the guard is not perfect, you know, being on bottom against such an such a heavy opponent is uh is not danger to pass the guard, but you know, the fact that you're going to waste so much energy to get them out of there is probably the main issue, you know, and also the pace, right? uh they tend to be slower than a lighter weight class and then uh when you pull guard and you're not in a good position then one movement takes you longer but mana has such a such a great guard such flexible guard. I truly thought he was going to poke off the bat there but let's see let's see what both of them bring out. Oh very nice ankle pick. Ankle pick ankle pick. Oh that the referee had stopped before. Let's see if there will be an advantage. It will be an advantage. He started in He started inside the M area, but he didn't land before he su, you know, so so no advantage. He said I I think he called the shot a little bit early. He stopped the match a little bit early, but he, you know, because when he stopped the match was still in the blue, but he didn't he he didn't land on on bottom to score the advantage, you know. Was a nice ankle pick, though. guys doing an ankle pick against someone holding your own ghee being 250 pounds. Oh my god, that was good. He creates some uh movement. He uh snapped down a little bit and then went to the leg. That was a good very good move. [Music] Roosevelt that beat current world champion safe from GFM the the big big boy you know. So he definitely with his energy levels ready for this tournament. [Music] Only one of these men will be in the finals of the 2025 Jiujitsu World's Championship. IBJJF here creating this great great Oh. Oh, beautiful. Now, now he stopped after he was in yellow, but he stopped after the opponent reached the mat. But I think he's not going to give anything because he didn't give anything in the in the in the takedown before. Yeah, both of these, in my opinion, should have been advantages. I don't think it would matter because it would still be tied, but um I think it's just being fair landing out. It landed out, but yeah, it did land out, but I think that Roosevelt and Yeah, it's Yeah, it still landed out. Yeah, you're right. You're right. Both of them landed out. Yeah, I think Roosevelt would still win, but but but yeah, Luis Fenard was out. You're right. Either way, take either way. Now he's being fair, right? Yeah. To the referee, uh, who has wrapped many finals off of Worlds and other Grand Slam events. So, really comfortable being here. There's no pressure on him. Uh, all three referees have been here before. We have two referees, seasoned referees in the cameras, too. Really hard to make a mistake at the at this point. Nice snap down. Try reaching the back. That's the issue they have with the ultra heavy is they try always to get that that take down at the edge of the mat, you know, so they can kind of like flee out of the risk, you know, if they need to. They just Yes. Exactly. But that's the problem, you know, and the reason guys so you know what the reason why they do that is because uh having a hip throw against another ultra heavy is not that it's it's not that it's uh hard. It's risky because they're so heavy they can end up landing on your back, you know. So that's why they do that because that way, you know, if they get close to landing on your back, you still continue the roll and you you kind of flee the mat uh in a way that you're not penalized. I believe they're going to get penalty there from lack of combativvenities. Yes, they did. Yeah. Which which is weird because it was just it was just a a beautiful attempt, but yeah, it was like 20 seconds without being active. The ref will penalize them. Remember remember back in the day when the rules were you have the the uh you have three penalties on the on the third penalty, right? You you stand both back up. Yes. It should be like that, right? You have three penalties standing. You'll go back to a guard. Maybe double poo, right? Double poo. Oh, now Luis Fernando pulio. Yeah. Yeah. I was not expecting that. I I I I I'm not really surprised by it, you know. Um I'm surprised that he pulled that early. You I I thought that he would pull closer to 2 minutes, you know. Yeah. But setting up a double lasso there. But but the thing is the thing is that it's not so bad for Luis Gustau Luis Hernando because uh although Roosevelt is really big and has good guard passes, I think that he's he's more comfortable on bottom anyways, right? Yeah. Although that was a beautiful backstab. Maybe Luis Fernando is not that comfortable on bottom though. So that that was not an advantage. That was not an advantage. I think the referees will will take a look at at it again. Yeah, they're taking a look at it again. cuz I did think he didn't land in the side, but I I thought he he did uh Yeah, you see I thought he did uh turn to his knees to defend the guard pass, which is the same as reaching the side, guys. If you go to your knees Oh, nice. It will be a takedown. You will. That will be a takedown. At least an advantage. That That won't be an advantage, but that that could be points. You see what I'm talking about? They do it in in the m in the edge of the mat so they can get out of it. Oh no, that would be two points. That's two points and might even restart with the one hook on the back and with a penalty. He clearly fle the mat. He clearly flee the mat. Yeah, the referee will be penalty already awarded the penalty and will start in the same position and will that was a mistake from Luis Fernando you know and that's what I was talking about guys you know if they do it on the edge of the mat because if you you know if if you land wrong ends up that that you expose your back you know so that's why doing at the edge of the mat allows you to flee but he fle to the wrong side you know he went to the to the off he should have landed on the towards the towards other mat and he landed towards the TV. That that was not uh that was not the smartest move. He also points from uh for the taked down, Kyle. Oh, I don't I don't know about the taked down though because the takedown I don't think he stabilized. I believe he landed on top. No, he did. But I did he actually stay 3 seconds? Yeah, he stayed on top on the replay probably saw it again counted, you know. So, exactly. Yeah. So, I just didn't think that he stabilized on time, but he reached the back, hadn't put the the hook, he locked the body triangle, now has his foot crossed. He hadn't got the points for the back yet, but he's attacking the neck. [Applause] Oh, that's that's that's going to be hard for Luis Fernando to get out now. He's still his foot crossed. He's with a foot crossed. No points, but but at the same time, it's tighter to stay there. You see? Yes. have the figure four. He's not really caring because you're in the back with four points. Four points ahead. And now the choke is deep. The choke is deep. That's it, Samir. That's it. And Roseville advances to the finals of the world championship. Amazing. Amazing. Amazing. This is such a you know, for both of these guys reaching the the finals for the first time, you know, this is a a different feeling, you know. So I'm really happy that you know Roosevelt you know I would be happy for Luis Fernando as well but I'm really happy that one of these guys uh got to experience this in in their lives. You know it will be a life lifetime ch changing moment for them. You know it's a life is all about feelings right and this is a this is a really beautiful feeling like being the finals of the worlds is is something that not a lot of people barely anyone can accomplish. So, um, you know, congrats Roosevelt. You will be in your first Jiu-Jitsu World Championship finals. That's a great match. And same thing with what we said before before the match start. Uh, two big guys, but a great movement, great uh uh back and forth match. Let's take a look at the replay. Samir, call the shots there. Samir on this replay of amazing choke. At least Fernando with a great uh ankle peak into the double leg. See they got he got he got the uh the take down but out outside of the match. So no advantage was awarded and then from there that was when uh he almost got a taked down but Roosevelt countered into his own takedown went to the body lock to the back and that was when he was awarded the the uh four points. Two points for the taked down, two points for the uh for loose fando in the match. And then he went to the back. He started adjusting body triangle and then the one hand and the other hand came to the rear naked choke and got the tap. Final thoughts here, Samir. Amazing semi-finals here on uh mat number one. Which one was your favorite? That's a good question. Come on. You got you got to pick one. That's a good question. You got to pick one. There's so many great matches. Um, and these uh I would say man, Adam. Adam. Yeah, Adam. Adam is Yeah. But but you know, I will say that a mention here to Venicious and and Eric Monour just because they were flowing, you know. It was a good match. It was it was a really good match. very technical and that's what I like to see in jiu-jitsu, you know, technique over, you know, strength and energy. So, uh, good job by both of these guys, you know. Um, yeah, Adam Adam Gains just amazes me, man. Like the the uh his his technique, his uh his pressure, the combination of uh technical and uh uh pressure. It's just uh yeah, it just uh uh he has been just on a tear, man. Guys, we're we're we're going to take a a little break. You can go to the mat number two that will still have uh one more fi one more semi-finals there. But uh just so you know, we're going to be right back with English and Portuguese. Okay, the finals will have English and Portuguese commentary. So, you know, if you do speak Portuguese, you can reach that. If you do speak English, you know, you're going to be in great hands there with Danny and Kendall. [Music] Thank you. Thank you guys. See you soon. [Music]