Kind: captions Language: en What's up, boys? Everybody trickle in. Trickle in. All right, we're watching a little Nogie Worlds today. How's everybody doing? I got everything set up right. Let me Let me double check that I got everything set up right here on my end. Yeah, I think we should be good to go. Now you're going to hear me double talking. All right. Yeah, if you guys are filing in, you know, drop some drop some chats. Let me know that everybody's uh finding the stream and everything. But obviously IBJF Nogi Worlds is going down today. If you guys don't know me, I'm Trey Robinson. I work for Flow Grappling. And uh I figured I was going to do a little live live stream today. watch some of the matches with you guys, you know, so we could all just hang out a little bit, talk a little bit of jiu-jitsu and watch some of the matches at Nogi Worlds, the [clears throat] matches and everything already underway. Billy Jenkins, what's up? What's up, bro? Billy Jenkins said, "Yo, yo." Yeah, everybody fire off in the comments. But I'mma start sharing my screen. Go a little picture and picture here. Let me know if you can see that. I just got a quad box going right now. Um, but yeah, you know, if if there's a match, I think all the a lot of the brown belts are going today or all the brown belts. I know some of them already went. Michael Pixley's had a couple matches. Uh, Marlon Tajik has had a couple matches. Cowboy Chris, what's good, bro? Thanks for joining in. But, uh, if there's a match you guys want to watch or an athlete you guys want to watch coming up, just let me know. Let me know what mat and I can flip over to it. or if you know if you wanna if we want to lock in on one match and just go full screen on one, you you guys say the word. All right. Like I said before, these streams these are just as much your streams as they are mine, you know? So, let's make sure we're all working together on this to make sure we get something that everybody likes right here, you know? But I mean, we can also, you know, flip over to like BJJ Kh. Here's the This is the super heavy bracket. I'm waiting to see who's going to meet Pixley in the finals. I feel like it's probably gonna be Nat Tanka, but we'll have to see. That match should be this semi-final should be happening soon. Um, but you know, we can jump over into the into the comp system, see who's coming up. If you guys don't know, you know, all these little tricks on how to how to watch IBJFS at home, then, you know, maybe I can also put you guys on some game here because with with this many mats going, it's like, you know, it's a skill to know how to catch all the stuff you want to watch. And I don't always do it. I don't always pull it off well, but we can try our best. So, let me make sure I got a few key matches coming up. So yeah, Nat Tank is coming up next on eight. Definitely want to watch that one. He's up right now. So Matt 8's up here in this corner. If you guys don't know Natena, he's a Atoss Brown Belt. He trained uh with BAilio and Almeida outside of Sa Paulo. He's a beast. He's got a super dangerous straight ankle lock. Super fun guy to watch though as well. But go ahead and get the let's get the chat going everybody though. You know, if you're watching, you know, don't be shy. Send some messages. Let me know where you're from, where you're tuning in from, all that. We can lock in and watch some jiu-jitsu today. I also saw already Nick Hartman and Ian Doab, which is a that was the ADCC trials semifinal, I believe. Um, they fought like first round and Nick Hartman won by submission. I think he tore Ian Dob's pec which is pretty crazy. Your boy Marky, what's up, bro? Thanks for tuning in. How's it going, man? Oh, Nata on the heel. Nata Tanka the submission right there, dude. Just screaming, letting him know, letting him know how he feels about it. Okay, Nata. So, we're gonna see not that Tena versus Michael Pixley in the finals. That's a pretty sick final, dude. Pretty sick, to be honest. Got just a couple empty mats down here. Hadrio Batista, what's up, bro? Noah, hello. Thanks for tuning in. Not that Tenko versus Pixley is like pretty nuts. What else we got going on? Let me pull Let me pull a tab over on this other screen so you guys can keep watching. But I'll look up for some uh I'll look up to see if there's some other big matches coming up we should be watching. Like I said though, if you guys know some too. Oh, my first time seeing an IBJF live. All right, twocount Yeti. Uh today's just today's the brown belts. And so there's a few like brown belts to watch for sure. Um you can see in the bottom right quad Dylan Melton coming out now against Hosnot Raza. It's a pretty sick one. Dylan Melton's tough kid. Trains at uh Gracie Baja Houston. I think like just outright favorites. It's like Michael Pixley's got to be up there as one of the big favorites at Brown Belt. But like we just saw, he's gonna be facing Natena in the finals. Now I don't know who's going to win the absolute. If Pixley does the absolute, like it could be hard to beat. Also, Natena could be hard to beat. Marlon Tajjik. Marlon Tajjik has been looking incredible. I think Marlon Tajjik hit a Sulov stretch earlier today. That's absolutely nuts. Marlon Tajik probably one of my favorite grapplers to watch right now, especially for like the colored belt upand cominging guys. I think Marlin Tajjik is super sick. So later we got Takashi Tanino Kuwan Yuoki aka Samurai fighting lers. Are these guys fighting to make it to the next rounds for future days? The brown belts will all will run through their whole division in one day. So all these guys are like they're just fighting through their entire bracket. Um black belts will be tomorrow and Saturday. And for the black belts, they'll compete up until like the quarterfinals for men and they'll probably through the semi-finals for females on the first day and then the second day they come back and finish. But for the brown belts, they'll do their whole bracket in one day. Look at this. We got Look at this close-up on the referee we got. What's up, stud? What's up, stud? Getting a little camera time. What are you trying to show off to us for, huh? What's this guy up to? You guys know him? All right. What we got going on up here? I think Linus von Shrink should be coming up a little later. I don't know how much later. Full screen, please, bro. Yeah, I got you. How's that? Do I need to move myself? Face each other. Makes sense. Yeah, brown belts just face brown belts. Metagamer, I got you, Metag Gamer. Full screen. It is. Like I said though, boys, it's hard to keep track of all the stuff going on. Whenever you got freaking 10 million mats. So, if there's if there's specific mats you guys want me to pull up, just say the word. I'm here for you guys, you know. I'm doing this for the people. So, you got to let me know what mats you want to see. Somebody somebody get on comp system and uh tell me what's up. Somebody threw out donkey guard. Who had donkey guard? Cowboy Chris. I missed it. Oh, Dylan in the bottom right. Gotta love donkey guard. I mean, donkey guard's awesome. Put yourself in the middle. I thought about that, but that is that a little weird if I just put myself in the middle. How's that look? Is that cool? Is it I feel like this I don't Something about that feels weird to me. Like I'm like I don't know. Let me know if you guys like it in the middle like that, but or if you want me to put it someone else. Female blue Matt 3, please. Use your XPs and pick when you see a match getting interesting. Well, I can I can only see the matches I'm pulling up for you guys, so I just have to guess sometimes. Go top right. Do it. Bottom left was better. Let's try top right. How's that? If I go dope, leave it. You guys like metal? Should I run a poll? Do I need to run a poll right now? Pause. L Oops. Sorry. Top right prob works best. All right, I'll keep it top right for now until you guys say something else. Hey, a please goes a long way though, boys. Let's You know, [laughter] I'm just kidding. Oh, is this We got Enrico Say top left now. Better. All right, cool. Yeah, this is Enrico S top left. Enrico say is sick. That's one to watch. Um, brown belt 135 pound. What about brown belt 135 pound? Just thinking how taxing it is to switch between mats and I saw the stream starting. Lol. There you go, bro. Try to make it easy on you. It is. It is hard to switch between mats though. It's like if you're watching with this many mats at home, you got to be so locked in, dude. Like I have like I have to get a second monitor just to have like comp system over on the right for the quad box. I'm rocking the quad box over on the left, dude. You know, and you're just like constantly trying to be like switching around. Then it's like, oh shit, you click over to mat one and it's like Michael Pixley's walking off the mat, you know? I'm like, damn it, missed that one. We're going to try and avoid missing anything. Stump baby, appreciate you for doing this. Thanks, bro. I appreciate you for for showing the support, for appreciating back, you know. Matt 3 any chance? Yeah, I'll switch to Matt 3. We're going Matt three and bottom left. Is this exactly what I mean, right? You tune in and then it's ending. I'm I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry we missed that. If that's the one you're looking for. Uh, Matt Matt 12, please. Okay, we'll go Matt 12. I'm keeping Matt 3 on there. I'm going to switch out. What is this? Matt 8. I'm scared to switch out Matt 8 because that's a where a lot of good ones are coming up. I'll go down here. I'll switch out Matt one from Matt 12. How's that sound? What the hell's going on on What the hell's going on on Matt 12? I just dumped the water on a bunch of hard drives. Uh oh. One second and a drone. I was trying to figure out why we're watching Matt 12 and I dumped the water, dude. All right. Hope I didn't lose all my footage, but it's all right. Yeah, technical difficulties. You guys want me to hit the technical difficulties scene real quick? Oh boy. So, we got some technical difficulties. We'll be right back. &gt;&gt; [singing] &gt;&gt; Put it in, rice. Yeah, might have to. It'll be all right. Should I hit F4 escape? Do you guys think that'll help? Embarrassing. Get out of here, Reed. Get out of here, Reed. I got a lot going on, dude. And now we got Reed coming in talking schmack. Dude, listen. I It might be embarrassing for me, but you know, a lot of the flow grappling footage exists on those drives I just dumped water on. So, I think we're all going to pay a little bit of the price here. Can of corn will be fine. Can of corn. Can of corn will be fine. All right. What's going on with the Enrico say match? He's down now. Talking superani iced tea. Put it in rice. No worries. She won. Thank you. You're welcome. Matt 22. You guys really want to go Matt 22? So many mats, dude. What's up with all these mats? Which mat you guys want to switch out for? Matt 22? Matt 12. And we're going to watch because someone said this is their fiance competing. So, we're gonna everybody let's analyze whoever's fiance this is soon as the ad breaks over. Enrico say got submitted or he did the submitting. Dang. Got submitted. Shout out Joseph McCabe. Good work. All right. Who was that? Joanne Ma Mahi Jo. We'll just go with Joanna. Joanna, your your fiance is on Matt 22 right now. This should be bottom right is Matt 22. Is this your fiance? Lorenzo Denasto Taruko or Alden Bri, man. You guys keep distracting me. I keep missing matches. We just had Terry Phipe versus Nick Hartman. How did that one end? I'm going to go back. I want to watch that one. Right now. He's just squishing him. This is the best way to watch worlds. That's right, Ricardo. Ricardo, why don't you come over? Fly to Austin and you can be on the stream with me. 145 finals coming up on Matt 2. All right. Boom. Carmen, put him down. Straight ankle. Brutal. All right, we're switching out of Matt 22. This chat will leave you in shambles. True. No, see, I don't want to tell the chat with you. This is this is uh this is a you know, a collective between me and the chat. We're all in this together, you know. We're all on the same team here. We're going Matt 2. 145 pound finals coming up. All right. Just glitched on me. We got Placido versus Colin Carr. That's also sick. Placido versus Colin Car is pretty. Oh yeah. Yeah. Nogi Nick, shout it out. Matt won. Plasto and Colin Carr. Nice, bro. All right. This is a cool one. We got some cool ones on the screen. Respect. Bless you for this. Yeah, of course, bro. Glad I could help. I can't do it all day, but we'll try to go for like an hour or two, maybe. We'll see. We'll see. If it stays fun, if the chat's flowing, we're having a good time, then I'll keep at it, you know. But all right. So, we got 145 pound final bottom right if what if my sources are correct, which is you guys. And then we have Placido Colin Card top left. And then top right, Matt 8. pretty soon. I think there's some big matches coming up on Matt 8 if I'm not mistaken. Yeah, Michael Pixley's final should be in two matches on Matt Eight. It could be next. So, oops. Sorry, guys. So, this is big. Got a triangle here in the finals. That's pretty tight, dude. But 145 pounders can last in submissions. Like he could be in that triangle for seven minutes. Well, he submitted him. You're the man. No, you're the man. Noi Nick, thank you, Amigo. Thank you, Angel. Why don't I recognize any of these names you're hype over? Are they Are they that big? I mean, it's like brown belt day, so it's like I do I like to believe I have a pretty deep cut knowledge of jiu-jitsu, to be honest. um it's what I do for a job and I just like it. So I do know a lot of like deep cut names and you know they just haven't broken through to the mainstream yet I guess like Colin Carr is a 10th planet Austin guy. He was in the the finals against Achilles Roshia in 2024. Noi Pans had a super sick match. Achilles was able to get the win. Placido is like the world's most famous Uki. Yeah. Triangle submission in the final after 30 seconds. Pretty sick. Good on that kid. What a beast. As long as we get the Pixley final, we're good. All right, let's hope. We can only hope. You know what I mean? Tell your friends. Tell your friends right now that the Pixley final's coming up and send them over to this live stream. Get them in here. Here we got Lionus von Shrink in the bottom right. I can't quite tell who his opponent is yet. calling car hunting the leg on Placido. You know, Placido is going to be pretty pretty hip to most of the leg integrates, but like that is not a spot you want to be right there. Looks nasty. Placidos Uki for John Danaher. David Dilva Laborio versus Lionus von Shrink bottom right. That one's pretty cool. Daniel Deer, Matt 4. Is it worth switching to? I can switch this bottom left one if you guys want to map four. Just let me know. bet the house on Pixley Dar. I mean, it's like for sure Pixley is hard to bet against. Not that Tank is an He's a beast, too, though, to be honest. But it is hard to bet against Pixley. I don't think I'd ever bet against Pixley. Look at Colin Carr just just hunting the legs on Placido. We got a nice paper towel. Got a paper towel roll in the shot on top left. Let's Let's now let's cut it to the paper towel as a coach. See what it has to say. Why not switching the empty screen or is it something coming up? That's the one Pixie is going to be on. So, I don't want to I don't want to switch and then miss it. As long as we get to see Pixie, I'm happy. Me, too, bro. May 6. May 6. What is happening on May 6, dude? Let me know. Fat Lil Rascal, do you know something I don't? What's coming up on May 6? [snorts] I'm just kidding. Matt 6. I was just joshing with you, dude. All right, I'm gonna switch this one to Matt 6 since Fat Low Rascal said to But it better be sick. Fat Lil Rascal, it's on you now, dude. If this ain't sick, then we might not be able to listen to you no more. Here we go. The boy top right boys are bringing out the chairs. That's how you know it's getting serious when the boys bring out the chairs. So, here we go. Michael Pixley versus Natena. Pedigo submission fighting versus ATOSS in the heavyweight or super heavyweight brown belt finals. This is big. Cinco de Mayo part two. Cinco de Mayo part two. Okay, now we talking 16 in five minutes. Yeah, give me a reminder. One hung just powered up for this Pixie final. Matt n medium heavy finals in next 10 minutes. That's what I'm talking about. Metagamer, you're the man. Thank you for letting me know these finals and stuff. That's what I need. You keep that up and I might I might uh I might, you know, up upgrade your status in the Alleycats Anonymous club. It's a group of, you know, Alycats and hunks alike that I've been putting together. a real jive crew that likes to walk around alleys just and you're making your way to the top metag gamer if you keep that up. Yeah, bro. After Pixie sub, you cannot bet against the man. It's just it's nuts, dude. Pixley's also just like like Pixley's a cool dude. I I love talking to Pixie. Love hanging out with Pixley. That dude is mean on the mats. Like training room 2. It's like when that guy gets on your head, whenever he starts coming at you, he starts to see that little leg check. It's like he is mean. I've been trying to get an alley. Cats Anonymous. Hell yeah. Don't catch me in an alley. Hey, listen. Listen, boys. We all roll out one day together, you know, head to tippy toe in our finest threads. Just just, you know, dressed too impressed. A bunch of alleycats and hunks of light just hitting the alleyways. You know the alleycats anonymous in motion just they won't know what hit him. They won't know what hit him. Pixely just diving the knee cut. He did kind of almost end up in a little straight ankle there. Natena has a super dangerous straight ankle for anyone who doesn't know. So, it's like like be on the lookout for that. If he ends up on a straight ankle, like that's where he wants to be. That could be dangerous for Pixley. January 24th in Rio Grand Valley. Big absolute bracket going down. Few solid names on there. Send me the details. Alex Cautrol, DM me at OG Trey Robinson, DM me the details on that. I'll check it out on Instagram. Super heavy weight limit is like what like 222 or something or heavy noi is like 204. So it's maybe like 217 220 somewhere around there. Who [snorts] got who got the win over here? Did anybody see Placido or Colum Carr? Placido. I'm loving how they include middle names. I mean, dude, they'll include 12 names sometimes. Like, it's nuts. All right, let's lock in on Pixie. Not tanko. Flying wrist lock. That'd be nuts. Uh, Colin Carr had an injury late it seemed. I saw like Blasto put up like eight points. Yeah, dude. Pixley's nasty with a double under. He's just aggressive in everything he does to be honest. like when he'll kind of play around the outside, you know, like he'll kind of like work a little outside game, not really making a lot of connection, and then he'll just dive into something and it's just like a freaking He hits like a truck. Matt 16, please. All right, I got you. Which one do you want me to switch from? Lines on shrink on the back. I'll switch Matt one to Matt 16 real quick. We got to go fast though so we don't miss Pixley. There you go. 300 plus Matt 9 medium heavy final is next match. Okay. Hopefully one of these will end. Maybe we could switch this bottom left one to Matt N. What's up Jlyn? We got the baby. Everybody give it up for Joslyn Molina. [applause] Joslyn Molina 13 years old. Just had her second match on Who's Number One. Won by submission. All subs on who's number one so far. Absolute beast. Thanks for joining the chat. Joslyn Pixley just passed. Luson shrink got the win. Bottom right. Pixely going north south. Heath Pedigo going crazy in the back right. the real chance for this. Thanks, Sam. Let's hear some audio here. Can you guys hear that? I want to hear Pedigo go crazy in the background. Matt 20, please. What's in it for me if I go Matt 20? Let's throw up Matt nine. That final's coming up. And then down here, we'll go Matt 20, I guess. Yeah, I can hear the A from here as well. They're if he wins, they're going to go nuts. Let me know if it's too loud, though. I can't hear the output that you guys can hear, so you got to let me know. All right, we got a couple empty mats streaming. So, everybody just lock in on Pixley for a while or this blue bell match, whoever requested that. You don't have mad audio at all. What about now? Can you hear it now? No audio. What about now? You guys got it now. &gt;&gt; Dang it, dude. Can't hear a thing. Only me. Well, at least that's, you know, at least that's pretty good. It's still not going. I just changed it. Still not. Let me just smash a bunch of buttons. I don't even know what to do. Boom. There it is. All right. Now we're talking, boys. Now we're in business. &gt;&gt; Thanks for keeping me in line, fellas. &gt;&gt; Pixely going in on that that headlock. [cheering] Do &gt;&gt; you guys like him more with a little Matt audio in the background? And then &gt;&gt; even even like once the Pixie match is done, you want me to keep a little Matt audio done? [cheering] &gt;&gt; Oh gee. Corona tick. Why is nobody wearing a gear? It's no gi world, brother. &gt;&gt; The kimono is not here. What is this? We just got hit with an ad. We just got hit with an ad in the final. final. &gt;&gt; Oh, there no technical difficulties. [music] &gt;&gt; That's brutal. I'm not about the flame flow. I am. That sucks. [music] Brother, I've been using flow. for a long way before I ever worked. I'm hip. I'm hyped. &gt;&gt; That is a bummer. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Fix took down the stream with a double under. Yeah. We got take this to the guys upstairs. Bro, they don't listen to me. I mean, I'll bring it up. I'll try. &gt;&gt; Insane. You pay for this. So uh I mean Flo offers a lot dude. You should pay for flow if you love your jigs. There's a ton of stuff on Flo. Caleb Nasamto vers Marlin to jig bottom left. That's a sick match also actually well Tacket or Dorsy tonight. Tough match for both guys. [screaming] I think Andrew Tackis. [cheering] All right. I can in the in the background of Matt 9, I can see Heath [cheering] Pedigo and the boys going crazy. So, he just hit it. Paul G, he just hit it [cheering] in a different in like uh you're watching on a different whatever. &gt;&gt; There we go. We're back. I don't know what happened there. Maybe I messed something up. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I agree. From the screaming, we just missed some magic. You might be right. But luckily, boys, lucky luckily for you, I have backend access on flow grappling. So, I can go to the back end and I can watch it on the back end. If it comes to that, we can see what happened. But it looks like we're getting it back. I don't know. It like kind of paused. So, now maybe we're not in live time anymore on that match, but we're back. I don't think we missed a lot of time. That's a bummer though. Someone spilled water. Yeah, it was me. I spilled water on the stream. Can we get Matt six. I got you. Looks like Marlin to Jake might submit Caleb Nasto here. &gt;&gt; Going to match six. &gt;&gt; All right, Anisha, the Mat 6 is up top left. You want to watch? &gt;&gt; I'm getting a text said Matt audio too loud. &gt;&gt; Put better music on technical. What are you talking about? That's a bop, dude. &gt;&gt; You guys want me to reset? You guys weren't vibing with that. &gt;&gt; Hold on. Let's watch this. I I'll I'll pull up I'll pull up the Pixie match on the back end if it if it goes through and I'll see if I can uh get it that way and we'll we'll watch it from where we missed if it's there. I don't know for sure what's going to happen. Oh, good. The show must go on. True. All here. I got you on mat 19 right here. Hey, I appreciate that. You know the show must go on. Is that who you're looking to see? Hey, did your boy win? &gt;&gt; You guys hip to Marlin to jig. Vehicle breakdowns are costly, but with endurance &gt;&gt; that Danica Patrick Free UFC on YouTube. Go watch it then, bro. I'll watch it. Andrew Tacket versus Elijah Darcy. Pretty sick. Nobody can play on a free stream. Clue. True. [clears throat] Who you guys got? Marlin to Jick or Caleb Nasimento. Z Marlin up four or four advantages to one. A lot of people playing this Nogi lasso. &gt;&gt; You guys doing that? Where is Lucas Bezant? I don't know. You tell me. If he's competing, I'll pull up the match, but I do not know where it's at. Let me I'm I'm gonna look on the back end real quick for some of this stuff. &gt;&gt; [screaming] &gt;&gt; Oh, damn. Caleb Masamento all near pass. Crazy flexibility for Marlin to not get past there. Sneak out of that. two. Your next breakdown could be anywhere. &gt;&gt; Get covered today. &gt;&gt; Back up Matt too. That's what I'm talking about. $6,000 job. Endurance covered it. &gt;&gt; Right now you can get $300 off any plan. So call and get your free quote now. &gt;&gt; Dude, this shit's bugging though. &gt;&gt; [screaming] &gt;&gt; Switch. Let's switch this one. Matt, too, for Lionus. Lionus von Shring versus Joseph McCabe. Yeah, I know, Mason. I just tried to watch it as well. The ends cut off. Um, Milj just got the win there. Went up 6. Yeah, I'm sorry the Pixie match cut off. That's a bummer. Uh, you know, I wish I saw the end as well. But luckily, we got a guy there filming. I'm going to assume that he was filming that match because why would he not be? And so maybe we can get that uploaded and put it on YouTube or something from a different camera. The full the full match. We'll see what we can do. We'll see what we can do, boys. Shout out Marlin to Jake. Big win for him. Wonder if he'll come back in the absolute. &gt;&gt; I guess he got a submission, huh? 6 submission. Let's go back. Yeah, I took the back rear naked. Very good. Trying trying our best, Mason. Yep. [screaming] Sub in the finals for Marlin. Shout out the kid. &gt;&gt; That's big. I heard uh I think Nick Hartman got his black belt after winning. That's pretty big. Nick Hartman's a beast, dude. Nick Hartman, I think is an is an underrated grappler. I think Nick Hartman should get way more credit. &gt;&gt; Dang, dude. They're telling me from the ground that someone unplugged the computer during the Pixie match. Brutal. Yeah. Okay. So, I guess someone unplugged the computer while the match was going on and that kind of like messed up the system, but uh our guy was filming it. If you guys know Joey Gilps, aka Joey Scoops, aka Joe Gilpin, he was filming it. So, he's going to upload it uh the full match from his camera. This boy must have been losing. Yeah. Oh. Oh, no. He Oops. [laughter] Just one for the homies, you know. Hey, you see your homie? You see your homie losing? Just go ahead and unplug that computer. You know what I'm saying? It's the perfect crime. Yeah. I guess it was like on a little, you know, how like MacBooks have the mag magnet charger. It just like popped out. And if that happens, we're toast. So, [cheering] Matt six. All right. Got you. But something sick better be going on on Matt 6. If you guys shout out a match, something sick better be going on. We got Janette Glogger versus Maria Alisa Caesar G Nunes. Lionus von Shrink. Is he got he got both double unders here top left? I know he's got this this uh side closer to us, but does he have the other one kind of in? Yeah, he's passing. Oh, settling into a little Where's he going to go from here? I'm not super hip to Joseph McCabe, but he does seem tough to be honest. Lion is doing a little little hip float, but Joseph able to keep this half guard pretty well. Team Tornado. Hey 16 Gloger. You guys know her? Is that Helena Cravar in the back back there on on top left? You see her? She's getting interviewed by Vtor Freightas right now behind the curtain. You guys see that? Pretty sure that's Helena. She's competing tomorrow. This is pretty fun, boys. Just Just watching the quad box here. Let me move Let me move me so you guys can see. Yeah, there you go. Has Jax from Carlson Gracie gone yet? I don't know, man. That's like tough just to be like, has Jax from Carlson Gracie gone? I'm not super sure. Like I said, you find the details and I can pull up the map. I don't know anybody. I'm just vibing, learning something new every second. Sick. That's what I'm talking about. Twoount Yeti. Just vibing out. You guys like the middle? Much better. Lion is racking up nine points. He's going to get the dub here. Owen Jones. Uh I think didn't end up competing. Josiah think I think he pulled out. I think he was sick. Pixley already went uh Pipe. He won. He won his division. I don't know if he's going to do the absolute or not. Oh, big double leg bottom right. You guys see that? You catch that one. &gt;&gt; Gonna be streaming all weekend. I don't know. You guys want me to for black belts? Maybe I could do like an hour or two uh to kick things off. We got Hannah Griffith coming up top left. Luke Griffith's sister. Placid on Matt one. All right, let's pull up Placid on Matt one real quick. Thanks for the shout out versus Haznat Raza. Quick little ad break. &gt;&gt; They say you should wait for the best conditions. &gt;&gt; But they're not here right now, are they? &gt;&gt; Toyota, &gt;&gt; he did cover a lot of ground on that double. Freaking coast to coast on the double, dude. Yeah, hands top left. Don't get fired for showing all the goods. I'll try not to. Today is not Friday. Today is Thursday. That's true. I get it, dude. It's easy to mix it up. All right, we got Placido versus Hosnot. Bottom right we got Hannah Griffith verse Olivia Helen Brown. Top left big takedown. This Placido match should be a final. Yeah. Speaker just blowing out right now. No open mat tonight. No open mat. Who you guys excited to see uh for the black belts? You guys got anybody you're watching? You're going to be watching tomorrow and Saturday? It's a semi. All right. Thanks, boys. Appreciate that. Quick win for Placido. Let me take it back on that real quick. It's hard with all this stuff going on to see every detail. Oh, dang. He hit the counter leg lock. Oh, yeah. Heel hook. Brutal. You don't want to be there with Placid though. All right. So, if that was a semi, then Placido should be in uh in the final tomorrow. And Jon and the boys. What's up, Froggy? Yo, Froggy, I haven't been seeing you as much recently, dude. It's good to see you in the live chat. You know, you used to comment on flow grappling videos all the time. I kind of miss your comments. Sometimes you be a little mean, sometimes you be a little nice, but I always I always appreciated your support and everything. I'm glad you're back in the live chat, Froggy. It's good to see you again, bro. It's like I'm seeing a long a long uh a longtime friend I haven't seen in a while. I'm excited to see Janna, too. And Janna's been on an absolute heater ever since she won the first European trials. Um, I've been watching and more closely and she's definitely sick to watch. &gt;&gt; I'll be right back. &gt;&gt; All right, let's see. Giani Grippo, I got him winning tomorrow. Josiah, we all know you got Giani, bro. That's cool. Big fan. Did Marlin win the absolute? They haven't done the absolute yet. I'm hoping Marlin enters. That'd be sick. I'm hoping Marlin enters. It sounds like Michael Pixie might have gotten his black belt. I'm not sure though. That's what I'm hearing from my sources. My inside sources are telling me Michael Pixley might have gotten his black belt. But if Pixley and Nick Hartman both got their black belt on the podium, uh if Pixley and Nick Hartman both got their black belts on the podium, so they're not going to be doing the absolute. It kind of opens it up big time. You know, the ultra heavy and super heavy champs if they're not in it. Then we have guys like Marlon Tajjik, uh, Placido, like a bunch more names &gt;&gt; that could all be in it. Could be a pretty sick wide openen brown belt absolute final. &gt;&gt; Pedro Manz and Clever Barbosa from DreamArt. Clever Barbosa, super sick. Faradinho, the king of the gringoes. Yeah, Faradhin will be sick to watch. No problem. Anisha &gt;&gt; W Froggy, my man. Thanks. Someday I'll actually have a real name. Maybe even a picture of me. Lma mmao. One day, bro. One day, Froggy. You'll get that that that real name, real pick going. You feeling froggy? Hey yo, listen. If you're feeling froggy, then leap. You know what I'm saying? Will the black belt finals be all in one mat and go one at a time? Yes, they will. You streaming this all weekend. I mean, I'm going to pop in for like an hour and two each day. Hour or two each day. So, I don't know how much of it I'll be streaming, but definitely a little bit. My boy Pablo Vieira is making black belt debut, taking Giani's bracket. Sorry. Okay, Metag Gamer, we got Metagamer versus Josiah. The Chatter versus Chatter, head-to-head, where he's taking Pablo Vieiraa as his champion against Josiah, taking Giani as his champion. We'll be we'll be keeping tabs on that one all weekend. Ash Williams and Marco might give Giani a problem tomorrow, but them 23 years going to kick in. Grippo and e ecological winningness. I mean, Ash Williams might have trained for just as long as Johnny if not more than to be honest. Like he's big- time veteran. Uh Marco Mendes just absolute beast as well. But yeah, we'll see. Eddie Lee said, "I want to see Cyborg." Okay. [laughter] Uh oh, Josiah's dropping the sources on you, Metag Gamer. From my sources, I hear Briana St. Marie training Giani. Y'all, Giani got this. Like, what? You just follow him on Instagram. Yo, DF ASD JFAS JFD8144. Marlon Tajjik did win. I trained longer than Giani. I trained back in 1998. Congratulations. I was born in 1997. You've trained as almost as long as I've been alive. Pablo has been suscepted to my heel hooks. Johnny ain't gonna have to shit on him. Metagamer sources say that he's heal hooked. Pablo, is that what you're saying? I have inside sources. Lol. I wish I had inside sources. Marlon Jig wonder naked choke/c crank. Yep. You were born in 1997. I was. Can you look for Lucas bezen brown belt please? I can try. I'm just gonna DFAS DJ FAS. I'm going to call you Defad from now on just so I can refer to your name easier. So Defad said, "Let's go." He comes from the same area as me in Sweden. He recently had a seminar in the gym I go to. Great guy, dude. I want to make it out to Sweden. Check out the scene. Like I know Stark is out there in Stockholm. Uh that gym looks awesome. Where where does uh where did I know Marlin trains a lot at now, but he trained at what? Like Prana BJJ, right? In Stockholm. &gt;&gt; Correct me if I'm wrong there, Dad. We got somebody laughing on the on the stream. Tell them to cut it out. Any chance of Matt 3 again? I got you. Is there any big ones we're missing right now, boys? Anyone from Florida? Yo, if anybody's from Florida, let Fat Little Rascal know, okay? Sound off. If you're from Florida, if you're from Florida or anywhere else in the world, go ahead and sound off with where you're from. I'm here in Austin, Texas. Got my cowboy hat in the other room. No, it's free. Don't bet your child's soul that's too much. N it's free. [laughter] Top five athletes we should keep an eye on this weekend on the black belt division. All right, now we got some good questions going. I think top five athletes to watch. Let me let me pull up registration again just to, you know, really lock in on this. I don't want to mess this one up for you guys. I know there's some sick female divisions that you guys should be hip to. So like lighterweight divisions like light feather, there's venius andio which is like uh he's a rookie black belt. Super exciting kid out of ATS. Johnny Ocazio is also in that uh in that division as well as Cleber Barbosa, Rooster, Everton, Terara, Lucas Castro, Betto Olivivera, Shay Montigue. You guys got to watch Shay Montigue if you're not hip to Shay Montigue. I believe he's Scottish. Did Takashiro Tanino Kuwan Yoki just win? Let's go Samurai. Takashiro Tanino Kuwan Yoki super sick to watch also top left up there raising his hand. But Shay Montigu is sick. You guys got to watch him. Super fun personality, super sick jiu-jitsu. He's worth watching. Yeah, Marco Mendes, Johnny Grippo, Ash Williams, all dope in the featherweight division. Uh lightweight Kolabate is entered. So Kabate, Julian Espinosa, Daniel Satler, Yit Hane, all in uh that lightweight division. That one's really sick. Men's middle, we got Taza, Faburi, Mike Perez, El Patron. El Patron is the number one gambler in jiu-jitsu. If you guys didn't know this, this guy is making a bag every major super fight card off of uh betting on jiu-jitsu. I'm trying to do a gambling show with El Patron aka Mike Perez where we uh break down bets and stuff. But Max Hansen in that division as well, Naton Schwang. Mediumheavy Pavl Javorski. If you guys don't know Pavle Javorski, he's been making waves. He's a Polish grappler. trains with Mattea Shazinski, a lot of the crew out of Poland. Um, so he's worth watching. Heavyweight, Faradinho, Dante Leon is at heavyweight, so definitely check that one out, as well as a bunch of other sick dudes. Uh, and then super heavy, Elder Cruz, and Nico Mlitchic. I'm pretty sure they have to fight like first round, which is an insane first round matchup. Ultra Heavy, uh, Roosevelt Soua, Helder, Jose, Hiky, Jusela, Vinnie Magalace has entered. I don't know if Vinnie Magalas is actually gonna compete or not. It would be kind of crazy if he competes. Let me let me check in on this chat real quick. Has Kenny Cleveland gone yet? Pro belt with mullet? I don't know. Uh when does female black belts? It'll be tomorrow. Tomorrow at 11:30 central time. Stark is great. Very high level. Yeah, he went to Prana. The grappling scene is growing sweet. Nice to see. Yeah, that's pretty cool. Seems like a pretty dope scene. &gt;&gt; Vehicle breakdowns are costly, but with endurance. &gt;&gt; Anna Mayor Doma versus Del Forinino is what I want to see. Yeah, that's a sick matchup. That that'll be a crazy division. First time I saw a clip of Johnny, he was disintegrated to dude's leg at Fight to Win. Everyone's call him Johnny Ripo. That wasn't at Fight to Win Metag Gamer. That was at Emerald City Invitational. If if you're thinking of the same clip that comes to my mind when I think of Giani Ripo, I believe it was Emerald City Invitational where he like it was kind of like he was standing and he just like grabbed it and just ripped. The ripo kind of stemmed from that. Shay is as much of a killer as his mustache. 100% dude. That m dude Shay's got the type of mustache that's got a little stank on it. You know what I mean? Saving a little something for later. That shit goes hard. &gt;&gt; Cole's in lightweight. Matt 20. Matt 19. Matt 19. &gt;&gt; Fell on that shit. Yeah. All right. What? Give me an update right now. Let's lock in real quick. What What mats do you guys want to see? Real quick. Real quick. Marco sent a message that got retracted. I didn't retract it, so it must have got autodone. Don't be a bad boy saying bad boy stuff in the chat. All right, &gt;&gt; Marco, you just got a message retracted. Should I actually go to mat seven or you got something bad planned for us? &gt;&gt; Matt four. All right, we're going Matt Ford top left. Cindy Young's bottom right. She's cool. Missing some thumbs up on the board, fam. Hit it. That's right. Throw the likes up there. Like and subscribe. You guys know the drill. All right, we're going mat four top left real quick. Boom. Looks like this is a semi-finals. What What other mats? Matt 16, please. We'll go Matt 16 top right. Daniel Cohen, you're a white monster fan. &gt;&gt; I see a few Matt 20s. Misclick. Did I misclick? &gt;&gt; Throw Matt 20 right here. Oh, you misclicked on your chat. Okay, got you, Marco. No worries. All right. Is that what you guys wanted? Matt 22. I kind of want to watch this Cindy Young one and then I'll put Matt 22 right there. How's that sound? Matt 20's bottom left right now. This is Matt 20. Yes, sir. The white monster. All right. You were here for the white monster. You're tuning in for the white monster. Let's get it then, boys. Any Vanguard Academy match? Matt 19, please. I can't do all the mats at once. Is this who you guys wanted to see on Matt 20? Robert Stafford versus Dwight Martinez. Put me on game here. Put me on game on Matt 20. What's going on on Matt 20 right here that you guys wanted to see? Couple big boy blue belts just hucking each other or what? When black belts 77 kg, black belts are tomorrow. Um, it'll start like 9:30 Pacific time, 9:30 a.m. They'll usually run the absolute first and then it'll get right into the divisions. I don't have the exact time for uh for like middle weight or anything right now, but it'll all kind of go down at the same time. It'll just it'll just start rolling. Nope. I wanted Jaden. Dang. My bad, bro. &gt;&gt; Fight 35, Matt 12. Matt sounds mad loud on my end. Yo, what's up everybody? Go give your boy a follow on Instagram real quick, right? Go follow OG Trey Robinson if you're enjoying the stream. Give me some love. Shoot me a DM. Say what's up. Say I was in the live chat. Diego Ortiz Matt 13 Vanguard. All right, let's go. Is anybody watching Matt 20 down here bottom left? [cheering] I'm switching off this Matt 21 because I think it was the wrong one. We're going Matt 13. Matt 13. There we go. Windflow is coming to have a signature in Brazil. You're banned Metagamer from what? Winds flow coming to Brazil. I don't know what exactly you're asking. Uh we will be in Brazil probably for ADCC trials. I think that's like March 20th. Need some Vanguard love. Diego Ortiz. He's up there. Let's see what he can do. I see. I'm still a blue bell. So, I'm scrubbing this world. It's just weird. Instagraming. You're banned from from what on Instagram? You're just banned in general on Instagram, dude. What kind of stuff have you been getting into, Metag Gamer? What kind of history do you got? Thanks, Noi, Nick. I appreciate that, bro. Thanks for the love. Feels good. Matt 19, please. It's very important. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. It's very important. We're going to Matt 19. Everybody stop what you're doing. We're going to Matt 19. It's very important. It's empty. Mad 19 is empty. You fibbing. Can I watch all his matches via the website? 100%. I'm glad you mentioned that. Go to flowgrappling.com. They got all the matches back there. All the archives will be up on flowgrappling. You can check out everything. Anything you missed that was going down live. There should be archives and stuff. So yeah, flowgrappling.com. Everybody head over there. subscribe. You can get a monthly, you can get a yearly subscription to Flow Grappling and uh they'll get you right. How long we've been going? Like an hour? You guys want me to keep going? I was probably just going to do like an hour total, but now here we are. Did Cindy un get the submission? I missed it. Looks like What's going on with the Daniel Cohen match? It's okay. He's down on points, but that guy looks like he's upset. Oh, no. No, he's he's giving it up for the big man. My bad. Victor Ptoria Pantoya purple belt for Brazil. He's insane. I have dangerous speech Trey. All right, we'll keep Hey, let's keep a PG in this chat. Metagamer, don't get too crazy. We can let loose. We can have a little fun, but we don't got to get too crazy, you know? We ain't got to say anything getting anybody banned or whatnot. Enough with these victim weight classes. Let's see some big boys. Everybody said, what what weight class are all you guys in the comments? What are you weighing right now? Tell me your walkound weight right now and what weight you're competing at. I think I weigh like 205 right now. I would probably compete heavyweight if I had to compete right now. But really, I should probably be, you know, I should probably get locked in. I I've been talking about this. Imagine if I locked in in 2026. You know what I'm saying? Imagine if I locked in in 2026, you know, back down to mediumheavy. Started just freaking competing all the time. Started just putting out an insane amount of content. Just imagine, boys. Just close your eyes for a second. You won't miss too much action. Just imagine I lock in in 2026. Could be nuts. Could be nuts, right? You guys know what I'm talking about. Okay, we got 260. Matthew Griffin, the big dog in the house. Rocking 260. Uh, IBJJF does do payouts for like worlds for black belt. Josiah 169. Prone. Prone 178, 206. Heavyweight with from 19 fight dude. That will be legendary. Okay. 110. Diego, I got heavyweight belt up. What? What is it? I I need spaces. 235. Reed Connell in the chat. Big Reed back in the chat claiming 213. Dude, do you guys know Reed? Reed weighs 240. He weighs 240 after a cut. You know this guy. Don't let this propaganda of weighing 213 trick you. This guy does not weigh 213. This guy, Reed Connell, hasn't weighed 213 since he was 13. He I remember seeing him at 13 years old in a wrestling uh like an elementary school wrestling competition and he weighed in at 213. It was nuts, dude. Matt 20. I got a blue belt. All right, Matt Griffin. Let's go to Matt 20. We're going to Matt 20 bottom right. Now, I need to see some bangers whenever when you guys shout out to Matt. I want to see some bangers, dude. Looks like we just missed a couple big boys on Matt 20. Please switch to Matt 22. All right, we're going. Is this the banger? Is this the one you guys are talking about on Matt 19? Daniel Gome versus Michael Dennis Albus Lines. Is this the one that's going to be a banger? And should I switch Matt 13 to Matt What Mat were they asking for? 22. I'm going Matt 22. Bottom left. And this better be a banger, dude. I want bangers. Okay, we're As soon as we join in, a nice little taked down. Oh, okay. Hey, now we're talking. That's what I'm talking about. You guys say Matt 22. I switched to Matt 22. Immediately some action. That's what it's all about. And guess what? We're Are we watching J-Rod on match 22? Zachary Jacob Rodriguez. Is this JRod? Did JROD put on a little mustache? Did he put on like the mustache and nose glasses to get into this IBJJF as a blue belt? This is sick. This is what I'm talking about. Thank you. Whoever said Matt 22, this is what I'm after. I'm like 138 right now trying to bulk up for trials right now because Mo hates light people. Mo doesn't hate light people. Metagamer, what trials you going to do? West Coast 230, please. Matt 21. I give up 13 pounds last trials. No, not optimal. That's definitely not optimal. Shout out to all the big boys who play guard. That's right, fat little rascal. Yeah, we got JRod sandbagging at Blue Bell. He dyed his hair. He put on the glasses with the little mustache. Dude, sick move. Sick move by Zachary Jacob Rodriguez. We're on to him though. 70 kg in competition shape like 155. Frog sized. Nice West Coast. Y'all, cool, bro. See you out there. Question. It keeps saying failed to create subscription. Uh, yeah, I'm not sure. Alpha Omega. Um, yeah. I don't know. I'm not a great customer support guy. I'm a content guy to be honest with you. If you if you can try and talk through more of what's going on, maybe I can help out. But keep an eye out for Kenny Cleveland, Purple Belt Heavy. He won Gee World's double gold. Now going to Nogi. No clue when he competes though. Kenny Cleveland, is this the purple belt kid with a mullet someone was talking about earlier? Who are you guys locked in on right now? &gt;&gt; Sorry about it's okay, Alpha Omega. I don't mind. I'm glad you're in here. I'm glad you're chatting. I'm glad you're trying to subscribe to Flow. That's what it's all about, you know? So, I appreciate that for sure. Um, yeah. If I can help out, I will. To to be honest, Alpha Omega, I don't know if you have Instagram. If you message me on Instagram, that might be a little easier because you can send me a screenshot and uh you can show me what's happening and I can see if I can help or if I can direct you into the the direct you to the right people who can make sure and help so you can watch everything you're trying to watch. No, Nick said, "Nobody, lol." Yeah, I'm not I'm not super locked in right now either. I'm not sure what all is going on. You can't miss his mullet. All right, dude. Is that thing feathered and lethal or what? I'm excited to see it. Oh, Matt 20. Aren't we on Matt 20? Matt 19. Matt 22. That one's not popping up. Oh, Matt 16. Matt 20. Yeah, Matt 20 is bottom right. How do I find the brackets? It doesn't show this event. You got to go to ibjjf.com and then you can click on NOGI Worlds and then whenever you do you guys want me to you want me to go through the process on screen? I can show you on screen how to go to the brackets. But you can also go to BJJ comp system. That's where they have all their brackets, the order of fights, all of that. He's a purple uh let me nice bracket. How do I find the bracket show? I already read that. Craig Jones style. I don't know what that means. My boy Jaden second at pans in approx 20 minutes. Matt 12, keep an eye on Dom Beyond, light purple. You won't regret it. Okay. Could you show Dominic By match? He's a purple belt. Thanks. I don't have Instagram. I'm an OG. All right. Well, I'm glad we got the OG's in the chat. Alpha Omega. I know. It's just the most Oklahoma haircut there is. He's a stud. Sick. All right, we'll go Matt Four. Matt four final. All right, let's go. Matt four. I'm switching out this top right one. Matt 12. Matt 12. Jazzio, please. Matt 12. Crying face coming up. All right, we'll go Matt 12. Bottom left. Jazzio Gutierrez. All right, so we got this is the first purple belt match I've seen come across our stream. So, we are into the purple belts now. I like the purple belts. I think they're a fun mix of technical. They still have some good jiu-jitsu. They'll display some good jiu-jitsu, but they're also just like scrappy and fun to watch. So, this is this is a good spot to be. Dio is a killer. All right, I'm down with the killers. Matt 12 is up, bro. Isn't it? Yeah, this is Matt 12 bottom left. The kitty punked Matt 12 bottom left. Everybody sound the alarms. We got Matt 12 bottom left. Jazzel Gutierrez versus Trent Jordan McGuffin. Are you coming to Lisbon for the Europeans next month? I'm not quite sure. We're still figuring out all of our travel for 2026. I gotta, you know, I gotta find out what the big dogs want, you know, the the the what the suits and whatnot want in their corner offices. And then they send me out into the trenches, out into the jiu-jitsu world. I'm a trench s I'm a foot soldier, you know. This is trench warfare. Whenever I hit the streets, you guys know what I'm talking about. But I get out there, I got my bayonet on. I'm out in the trenches getting all that dirty, dirty footage, you know, just down and dirty with it, running and gunning. So, they send out the orders from the top. The brass lets me know. And then I freaking head out into battle just filming everything I can film, bringing you guys some of the sickest content I am humanly capable of bringing. And if that means they want me to go to Lisbon and make it happen, I will. I hope I go to Lisbon. It would be sick. I went to Lisbon last year. Lisbon was a cool place. Matt 12. My sentiment's exactly on PBS. Please. Matt 9 looks like a scrap. Matt 12 bottom left. Heating up. Always welcoming in San Antonio. Dream art. Hell yeah, I'll come to San Antonio Dream. I've been to the Houston Dream Art and I've been in to Dream Art in Sa Paulo, but never San Antonio. I'd love to come through. I thought you were the big boss, bro. Nah, not me. You guys looking for the big boss, you got the wrong guy. All right, like I said, foot soldier. I'm the guy on the ground making it happen. You know, I'm one of you guys just out there in the trenches with a camera. You'll see me just, you know, I'm I'm like your I'm like your your neighborhood uh jiu-jitsu content creator. You know, you just look over left, you're like, "Oh shit, is that Trey over there in the trenches making it happen?" Uh yeah, it is. It's Trey over there in the trenches making it happen. That's what I'm talking about. That's what I'm saying about the Alleycats Anonymous. All right, that's a we're we're a we're a small swift organization where we're just the Alleycats Anonymous are just we're just accumulating members all over. You guys are, you know, let me know if you want to be in the Alleycats Anonymous. I think you guys are a ripe bunch ready for pickings to join the Alleycats Anonymous where we, you know, we have a group of of alleycats and hunks alike just snapping just snapping through the back alleys making it happen out in the trenches. That's what it's all about. No big bosses over here. We don't need big bosses. We listen to what they say every now and then, but you know, we're we're mainly focused on making it happen out in the jiu-jitsu world. Ethan Wagner, that sounds familiar. Maybe I've seen this guy before. I thought you were in charge of plugging in the MacBooks. I mean, maybe I should be. Maybe I need I maybe I don't know what I'm doing here in my freaking in my bedroom talking to you guys. Maybe I need to get out there and plug in some MacBook MacBooks. Where did you say you can follow the brackets? Did you say BJ something? I think. Yeah, BJJ comp system is where the brackets are. You can either get to it by going to the IBJJF's website and then like scrolling down, clicking the NOGI Worlds icon. It should be like one of the first things in the on the left side whenever you scroll down on their homepage. Go into that. There's a tab that says brackets. Click that. That'll take you to BJJ Comps system or you can just go to bjjcompsystem.com. There'll be a little thing in the middle. Click it. It'll have a big drop down. Click on Nogi Worlds and then you can select like order of fights, schedule, brackets, click brackets. Then it'll have a long list of everything you want to see. Matt Four Finals is up right here. I'm waiting on it. But yeah, BJJ comp system is what you're after. And like I said, I'm gonna have to end this stream soon. I can't just stream all day. I wish I could. This is a lot of fun, to be honest. I like talking to you guys. It's like, it's sick to just get to sit here and just watch, you know, watch jiu-jitsu, chat with the boys, you know, find some new names. It's cool. You know, you guys throw out some new names for me to watch. I like being put on game like that, but I can't watch all day. But if you guys want to keep watching, then make sure you go subscribe to flowgrappling.com. You know, I got I gotta tell you guys to get over there. We got all the best content. We got all the best matches. All of that. Um, for sure. But I'm going to keep streaming for a little longer. Matt 2. Lionus. Is Lionus actually up? Is this a final? I'm going to switch this top left one to Matt two if that's true. Oh, damn. Dude, this is a sick match. &gt;&gt; Let's get started. &gt;&gt; Did I Oh, I switched bottom right. &gt;&gt; That's all right, though, right? &gt;&gt; W stream. Appreciate that. two count yet. &gt;&gt; Got a we got a long ad break you guys. Hey, let me know in the comments. You boys going to go see Ella McCrae in theaters Friday? &gt;&gt; Let me know if you're going to go see Ella McCrae in theaters Friday. [snorts] [screaming] &gt;&gt; They're just screaming &gt;&gt; semi. Okay. All right. So, now we got we got Takashiro Tinino Kuan Yuoki versus Lionus von Shrink bottom right. I think I think s Takashiro Tanino Kanoki is more commonly known just as samurai, but I think he has one of the sickest names in jiujitsu jiujitsu. Takashiro Tanino Kuan Yuoki. Both these dudes are beasts though. Bottom right. And this this top right, I don't know who said, but this is a scrappy poo. We got a little scrappy poo alert. Sound off the alarms in the chat. We got a scrappy poo alert top right. You boys going at it. That's why they banned. I don't support Hollywood. That's why they banned me from Instagram. Fair enough. I guess who needs Hollywood when we got YouTube, brother? You know what I'm saying? That the pronunciation just sliding off the tongue. I've practiced it a lot. Takashi Tino Kuan Yuoki. I think I do know Dio Breathweight. I think I have seen him compete before if I'm not mistaken. &gt;&gt; No, he just said no. What are you saying no to? Team Tornado. Lionus leg locked him. Lionus is happy about it. Let's watch it back. It looked like Samurai was trying to get into like a little heel hook of his own. What's he end up getting here? Oh, toe hold. Dang. &gt;&gt; Got him with the toe hold. That's why you can't fully triangle your legs. If you triangle your legs and they snatch the tow hold, then you're kind of stuck right there. Good for Lionus. Bummer for Samurai. But that's the name of the game, dude. You take losses in jiu-jitsu. Part of it. Trey Robinson is the only influencer I need. I appreciate that, bro. I don't know if I consider myself an influencer necessarily, but if you do, I'll take it. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Team Tornado. No to the movie. Yeah, I won't be seeing that one either. I got to admit I will not be seeing that one either. Meditate team lightweight blue finals. Nice. &gt;&gt; All right, let's go. Mad 18. We got the Gorillo brothers. She's saying this is the one you're talking about. Jacob Olsen and Razul said Alov Matt three final. Cindy Young. Okay, that's a good call out. We don't want to miss Cindy Young. She's a beast. Please put mat 14 on purple belts. Where do you want me to put it at? What do you want me to take off? That ankle locked real looked real loose. If you're talking about uh Takashiro Tanito Kuan Yoki versus Lions Fawn Shrink, I think it was a tow hold. Map four, please. We got a lot of mass we're trying to watch right now. Is anybody still watching this Matt 12? Can I switch this one over? I feel like a dude at a bar. Like I feel like a like a like a bartender at a bar during like college game day who's just like everyone's like, "Oh, do can you put on the the Temple Owls game? Can you put on Can you put on Texas Tech? Can you put on Alabama? And I'm just like around here with all these remotes switching them up. That's what I feel like right now. Cindy Young's about to compete top left though, so I don't want to miss it. Yeah, Matt's top right. That is crazy. Little Jacob lost second round, but you know, everyone's you get to brown belt. Noi worlds. Everyone's gonna be a beast. So, what what are we talking Metagamer? What are we talking about? Declaration of Independence and whatnot and foreign interests. I see you guys going back and forth in there. Let's get back to the jiu-jitsu. Enough of this. Enough foreign interest talk. That's for another stream. Save that one for another stream. We'll lock in on, you know, US history. We'll talk about Kansas history. All that. Matt 12. Next match will be worth it by Chicky Sice. All right. All right. I'm going Matt, what was it? Matt 12. I'm SW. This is Matt 12. Okay. So, we're already on it. Every dog has their day. True that. Everybody should be amped up to Count Yeti. All right. It shouldn't just be Metagamer that's amped up. We're all amped up. All right. This is No Gee Worlds, baby. Get amped up. Trey is treating me like Instagram did. I'm not treating you like Instagram did. I'm just saying, you know, let's talk about the jujisu. It's about the hispech. It's about the hispech. For the jujisu. You know what I'm saying? That's what we here for, right? For the hispu. You know, I had to bust out the Brazilian accent for you guys. Lil Jacob is a dog. Lil Jacob's awesome. I think Lil Jacob is an awesome dude to have in ADCC. I'm trying to work and watch this, but it's too many screens to focus and multitask. Yeah, sorry about that, Spark spree. We got the quad box going. We got the quad box going and we're feeling light and loose. You know what I'm saying? We're vibing with it. So, I I understand this is high octane content coming at you. And it's probably like you probably got How many monitors you got, Sparkspree, for your word? You got like your laptop here. You got another monitor here. And then you got the stream, this stream going on the third monitor. And within that third monitor, we got a quad box plus my camera. So that means you got five things you're looking at on this third monitor. You got like what kind of work you do? You got like a spreadsheet. You got like something serious. You like solving the world's problems on this monitor. And then over on your laptop, what do you got like Slack set set up in case somebody messages you or something? You're a beast. You're a beast for pulling that off. Shout out Sparkspree. You're pulling that off, bro. We got Placid over Linus in the finals. That is a sick one. Rock with it. Lean with it. You Yeah, you know what I'm talking about. Doesn't Noi World drug test too, bro. Would have gotten DQed anyways. I don't know if Lil Jacob's on steroids to be honest. And they don't te test brown belts, just black belts. I'm still at work. I fly out to I'm still at work. I fly out to Vegas tonight. Let's go. Don't miss that flight. I five of them. You got five monitors and the analysis spot on. Hey, I know how it works, bro. I've been in the game a minute now. You know, I'm still a young buck, but I've been around the block a time or two. All right. I know. I know. I know how the monitor set up. We got Danica Patrick talking to us now. &gt;&gt; Cut it out, Danica. Uh, you want the European vlogs back? I do. I love making the European vlogs. Those are really fun vlogs to make. I don't know if you guys have ever seen in 2023 I did the ADCC Euro Euro tour vlog where I went around a bunch of different countries, a bunch of gyms and made a vlog series out of that. That was one of my favorite vlog series I've made. I thought it was a lot of fun. I was taking trains and stuff. One of my favorite lines. I took a train from Paris to Swansea, Wales. I had to get on a few different trains and one of them I was sitting next to the cutest Parisian girl and I didn't say a word, dude. I didn't say a word the entire train ride. Just jiu-jitsu guy to my core. I refused to talk to the pretty girl. That's just how we do it, baby. You know what I'm saying? You guys know what's up. Sound off in the comments if you're too scared to talk to a pretty girl. You know what I'm saying? That was dope. You watched the Euro tour, Sam? When are you going to be seeing me compete? I competed in a 20 I did a a Europeans vlog in 2023 where I competed at the European Championship in the ghee. Got my rib popped out first round. It was embarrassing, but I included it in the vlog. Live by the sword, die by the sword. Dude, it's like I film a lot of people do jiu-jitsu. I film a lot of people lose. I film a lot of people win. So, I felt like I had to show, you know, me getting worked. And uh so it's in there if you want to check out 2023 European vlog. But I'm trying I'm gonna compete more in 2026. I think that might be the move. I might just lock in in 2026, dude. You know what I'm saying? &gt;&gt; I don't know what's up by not letting her know what's up. That's exactly right, Spark. [laughter] I was Hey, I was on my mysterious shit the whole time, though. I was sitting there, you know, no book, no phone, nothing. Just just like a long train ride, just just raw dogging it. Nothing. just locked in, you know, just looking around every now and then. So, she knew what was up. Gonna switch my NFL plus sub for flow. See what it do. Hey, I'm game with that. That's what I'm talking about. I'd rather fight picks than talk to a pretty girl. That then that's tough competition right there. I don't know which I'd rather do. I'm just kidding, boys. I got a girlfriend. She's hot as hell, but she she lives in a different town. Uh yeah, she lives in a different town. you guys wouldn't know her. I would totally introduce you, but you wouldn't know her. So, but yeah, dude, she's so hot. Props to putting this out, man. Mad respect. Thank you, Sean. Appreciate it. You know, trying to trying to give a little love to the YouTube audience here. I can't go the whole time, but I'm having fun. You know, I don't want to quit just yet. So, but I don't know how how long we've even been going at this point. Let me text the bosses. Let me text the bosses. See how long I can go. Time to lock in for next year's NOI Worlds. That's right. I do have Slack on one monitor, flowing another. That's what I'm talking about. That's the dream setup right there. You put Slack on one monitor, see if anybody's messaging you just in case you got to do something, and then you're mainly focused on the flow on the second monitor. Matt 14, bottom right. I feel like we've had Matt 14. All right, I'm throwing up Matt 14 bottom right for this guy's friend. Five is crazy. Five is too many. I think I've read a study before that like if you get a second monitor, it increases productivity by 30%. I'm pretty sure, but then like if you add a third monitor, there's no noticeable productivity increase. I would guess if you have five, I feel like that's got to be diminishing returns. You know, there's got to be some diminishing returns on five monitors. Unless you're just an absolute beast like Sparkspree. I have no doubt that Sparks Breeze is just pulling it off. Just analyzing whatever it is he analyzes for his job. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. My girlfriend went to a different school. Yeah. I I would I would introduce you guys, but my girlfriend, she's in a different town. It's a lot colder where she's from. She went to a different school, so it's like Yeah, it's going down at four for sure. Which one's four? Top right. Cindy's in a close one here. She's down an advantage. Yeah, if you got It's going down at four. Oh, you're saying diminishing returns at four. Yeah, it's like that's just like you have like a third video playing for some reason. What's the opposite of productivity? I got that going on. Don't we all, brother? Don't we all? Yeah. Michael picks a guy's black belt on the podium. Shout out Pixley. That's pretty dope. On my last deployment, I had three screens and TV. That's what I'm talking about. In elementary school, I actually had a girlfriend that went to a different school. No one believed me. That's what I'm saying, dude. No one believes me, dude. Dude, she's definitely real. My super real girlfriend goes to the different school. Guys wouldn't get it. Metagamer gets it. Matt 3. What do you want on Matt 3? Look at this. Look down here. This guy just flying in out of nowhere doing like a What's he got going? Like he's trying like a Ezekiel or like a loop choke type of Maybe is that Senogi Ezekiel? Pixely does look unbeatable right now. Her name was Stara. Come on, bro. That's not real. That's not real. Metagamer. Hey, that ain't real Metag Gamer. No offense. [laughter] No offense, Emma. Tommy on mat three. I got you. We're going Matt three top right. Wait, we already had Matt three top left. That was the Cindy Young match. You guys are playing me. I did full screen for that. I got you like that, bro. Pull up Matt 8. All right, I got you. Matt 8 top right coming your way. Oh, Naomi Sharp's a beast for a Giovana Armorall. God bless everybody here. Thank you, Officer Juice. That's the truth. Please. Mat four. Mat four is top left right now. Oh, that's Matt three. My bad. My bad. I'm tripping. Where do you want Matt 4? We'll go We'll switch mat 12 to Matt 4. There you go. I train in St. Louis. Oh, Sean, you you deleted it. You train in St. Louis, though. I actually uh I'm not even joking now. My girlfriend did actually used to live in St. Louis, and I would go to St. Louis and stay for a while. And uh I would train at Watson Martial Arts in St. Louis with Kyle Watson. I'd always stop in there. Super cool gym. Um Kyle Watson, super cool dude. UFC vet. I think he was on the Ultimate Fighter. Um but great coach and uh yeah, I'm a big fan of Watson Martial Arts in St. Louis. I actually I like St. Louis. St. Louis I feel like sometimes gets a bad rap because of East St. Louis and the crime rate and whatnot, you know, which is maybe understandable, but it's also a cool place, dude. Blue City Deli. Tell them a little something about Blue City Deli. Sean Smith, you train at Watson's? Okay, sick. Yeah, I've came through. I've trained for like a couple weeks at a time there. Tell them Sean, tell them about Blue City Deli. All right. That place is unreal. Got my blue belt in St. Louis. A lot of times when people say St. Louis, they're talking about like the surrounding areas, right? Because the St. Louis actually St. Louis proper is like really small but it's like a bigger metro like what's what's across the river like the suburb like St. Charles or something like that some name like that I believe crime is badass Matt 2 got my blue belt in St. Le crime rate and good food are unbeatable duo. Crime rate and good food, baby. That's what we do it for. [laughter] Bro knows about Blue City. Blue City. Hey, I told you. Blue City Deli, dude. I love Blue City Deli. Every time I would go to St. Louis, I would go Blue City Deli. I'm from Kansas. So, it's like, you know, I'm from the Missouri, Kansas, Oklahoma border. Right there by Joplin, Missouri. If you're hip with that, Sean. Joplin, Missouri. I lived just across the border from Joplain in a little town called Columbus, Kansas where bluecollar roots run deep. You know, hardworking people, hardworking good people living down there in Columbus, Kansas. You know what I'm saying? So, I'd make the trip to St. Louis, but then yeah, I would go out and stay there. Lucy Deli is awesome, though. This Cindy match feels like it's been going on forever. Yeah. Got my blue belt south of St. Louis. Yeah. Yeah. I feel like that's pretty common uh for like the blue the St. Louis setup. There's not that many people that live in St. Louis proper. Kansas big boy going on mat 17 at 138. Is that true? Who's this? Who's the Kansas big boy going mat 17? I Hey, I'm a sucker for a Kansas big boy. we'll come down to Tulsa area and train. Uh, I've never trained in Tulsa. I grew up going to Tulsa a lot. I live in Austin, Texas now. That's where I'm at right now. But yeah, I like Tulsa. You know, make the trip down from Kansas to the BK Center to to watch a, you know, a little concert or something or a Tulsa Oilers game. I used to love going to Tulsa Oilers games back in the day. The uh the they're like um what are they like? I don't I don't know what it's called for the NHL. like a developmental team for the NHL. Matt 20 again. I train at Paragon in South Austin. Sydney Grubber, please. What match is Sydney Grubber on? And I'll put it on. I'm gonna switch this to Matt 20. Who's Who's got eyes on Lionus Vine Shrink versus uh Placido? Has that went yet? AHL or ECHL. Yeah. See, I got the bosses texting me. Let's Let's see what they're saying. Let's see what the bosses are saying. is is is Placido going right now? Let's put it up here. We don't want to miss that. &gt;&gt; Papies is the best barbecue in the Midwest and I will die on that hill. You're not like uh like what's the one in Kansas City? Like Jack Stack. Come to BK for NCA wrestling duels. And then come train at our spot. Rogue Martial Arts in Collinsville. When is when is NCAA's or the wrestling duels? I mean the the flow wrestling guys are probably going out there. Maria Louisa Frago Pinto Lorera just put a stomping on Laura Kent. It appears. Yo Jeffrey, you a Tulsa Oilers fan? You ever go see them? I used to love Tulsa Oilers. Vehicle breakdowns are costly. &gt;&gt; Hit us with Matt 12 again. All right. &gt;&gt; Josiah, you've been to Kansas. What are we doing in Kansas? All right, boys. Stream update. I think we're we might go for like another hour or so for the color belts. Black belts we got to lock in, though. You know what I mean? We might only be able to do like an hour or so during the black belt days. Uh I'll, you know, I'll keep you guys updated. I think we might do like we might keep going for now for like an hour or so or until I guess everybody gets bored. But then tomorrow maybe it's just an hour stream and I hope you guys can still, you know, appreciate that. A quick little hour stream or so and then you got to go to flowgraphling.com to watch the rest of it. So that's that's part of this. I need you guys to scratch my back a little bit. I'm trying to scratch you guys' back by doing this live stream, putting this out there for you guys so you can watch all this stuff, clicking around on the mats, hooking it up, trying to be a homie. But you guys got to do me a solid. You still got to go over to flowgrappling.com and subscribe so that then you know the the suits. Like I told you guys, if you were watching earlier, I'm not the big boss. I'm far from it. I'm a foot soldier in the trenches trying to make it happen. Trying to bring you guys as much stuff as I can, the sickest stuff that I can. You know what I'm saying? Just trying to make it happen for you guys. But then we got the brass back in back in, you know, the penthouse suites telling me, "Hey, do this, do that." And I got to appease them, too. So So if you guys can help me out, go subscribe to flowgrappling.com. Follow Flowgrappling on Instagram. Subscribe to the Flowgrappling YouTube channel. So that that way I'm getting my back scratched a little bit. I'm a peas in the brass, but I'm also still able to bring you guys cool stuff. So that'll help me out. That'll help me help you guys as well. So I appreciate that if you guys can go over and subscribe to Flow Grappling as well while you're at it. But now we got Placido and Lionus von Shrink up here. This should be the finals top right corner. Keep it free. I can't keep everything free, dude. I wish I could, but you know, flow grappling is a business. We got to make money. Upgrade my stock. I might if if Oh, I've had a match with Mohan before. All right. At 18. Kansas about to go 17. All right. Let's switch. Let's switch this one to Matt 17. This is the Kansas big boy everybody's talking about. Did he just go or is he about to go? &gt;&gt; An Alleycat back scratcher. That's what I'm talking about. Spark. We're just a bunch of alleycats in the Alleycats anonymous snapping our fingers through the alleyway, scratching each other's backs. You know, that's what's up. Scrappy. We got a scrappy poo alert. Top right. Sound the alarms. I'll work on making some graphics for a scrappy poo alert. We can lock in. Arthur Bryant says, "The best Casey barbecue. I've been around the country. Terry Black is far and away my favorite Texas spot. New York City. It's hometown barbecue. Yeah. Arthur Bryant is sick. Terry Blacks is sick. Brown belt finals at 141. Can we see? Yeah, I'll try to pull it up. Who's on whose back right now? I missed it. That's Lionus on Placido's back. Matt 14, please, bud. All right, I'm switching this one off for Matt 14. How's that? Matt 3, blue belt, rooster rate finals. Please, dog, I'm begging. All right, Metagamer, you want us to put on the little guy stuff, huh? You were talking about being a little guy earlier. Now you want Hey, Metag Gamer. This alleycat is snapping. Hey, Metag Gamer, you want us to put on the little guys? All right, we can put on the little guys. Which Which one should we should we switch out? I can't remember what was recently requested. Placot got the finish. Placido did get the finish. Good for Placido. Good for Placido. Big performances from him. All right. What match did you guys want? I don't care. Make it full screen. All right. No need for 17. Sorry, I missed the Kansas one. I wanted to see that. Which one did you want to see? Metagamer. All right, I'm going Matt 22 top right. It's somebody's best friend. &gt;&gt; Got to ride for the homies. If it's your best friend, I'll do it. &gt;&gt; And then Met Gamer, you got to tell me which Matt again. I lost it. Matt three. &gt;&gt; All right, there we go. How we feeling on these? 13, please. 22, please. What do we currently have? We have 12, 22, 3, and 14. Matt 20. You got it. I saw Matt 20. So, we're going to it. Matt 20. And then we got a brown belt finals match. Please don't change 14. &gt;&gt; Dang it. My bad. I'm putting mat three to mat 14. We got a logistical nightmare over here with the quad box. [snorts] All right, this one just ended bottom right. &gt;&gt; Did your Did your best friend already go on 22? &gt;&gt; Get [laughter] that snooze in and lock in. I just took one out. I'll put one back in soon. &gt;&gt; I'm switching 22 &gt;&gt; for Matt 10. All right, we got a couple that were We got a few that we're waiting for right now. We got Ray Chadwick Asbury versus Christopher Webb and Casten. I thought I put map three up. All right, we're going Matt 3 down here for Meta. Meta's been holding it down in the chat for a while. So, we'll we got to throw that up for him. I hope everybody can understand. said he's supposed to go. I mean, it's easy to get for the time to get messed around. [snorts] That Nikki rush into Matt 10. When they take the mats, I'll throw another one in. We're locking in on these mats just for a bit. We got to see how some of these mats play out. Oh, we got a dar going. Okay, Metagamer. Metagamer might know what's up. She did almost finish that. She gonna do like the mounted. Is she still have the darts locked? Little mounted darts. Joslyn Molina hit a mounted dar. Who's number one? Can we not change the entire screen every second? Oh, hey, listen. Jason George Music. That's a fair call out. That's a fair call out. I'll try not to change it every second. I'm trying to accommodate everybody, but you're right. So, we got to lock in for a second on these are the mats we're rolling with, but just a second because we can't be changing it every single time. You legend. Thank you for locking in, dude. And imagine if 2026 I really lock in. You know what I'm saying? Imagine if I really lock in in 2026. [clears throat] Who you're cheering for? Uh, Nicolo Bardo, thank you kindly. No problem. Jason, you're chill. Thanks, bro. You're chill, too. Bone key. I kind of got to go to the bathroom real quick. I might run to the bathroom and come back in a sec. 2026, the year of the lock in. That's what I'm saying, guys. I'm just saying. If the Alleycats Anonymous locks in in 2026, things might be different, you know, could be the move. Oh, we got a Is this a potential Scrappy Poo? Top left. Is a Scrappy Poo alert? Anybody sounding the alarm? Hi, my daughter is going to fight now. Matt 8, please. All right, I just said we weren't going to change a bunch, but it's her daughter, guys. Get some other people responding. Am I good to go? at eight for LS Vanett's daughter. Who knows what they're doing with the brain rot. Just me, I guess. Matt 11 while you use the bathroom. All right, we're switching top left to matt because we got to see this person's daughter. Hit with the ad break. &gt;&gt; Oh, hit with the ad break. &gt;&gt; Oh, no. &gt;&gt; Toyota adventure. &gt;&gt; All right, I'll keep top right in 10 minutes. Need Matt 12. Okay. All right. Which one's your daughter, Mariana Piccolo or Naomi Sharp? Naomi Sharp's a beast, dude. All right, there we go. That's what I'm talking about. The Alleycats Anonymous can get behind somebody just looking to cheer for their daughter. That's what I like to see. We got a good community we're building here, boys. I like to see that. That's good. Hey, big props all around. Let's give it up. Let's go. Let's go. W's in the chat for Alleycats Anonymous right now standing behind somebody who's trying to uh see their daughter. That's a car, not a daughter. Louisa Petrovski. Is she not up right now? Is she up later? There it is, boys. Bone key W. Josiah W. That's what I'm talking about. A community that stands together. Sam W. Now we're talking. My boy goes on Matt 12, fight 39. I'm gonna go to the bathroom real quick. I'll be right back. [clears throat] I want you guys, hey, self-manage each other, okay? Don't get crazy in the chat when I get back because whenever I get back, I'm going to start I'mma read it all. So, I'll see what you guys were saying, but I'm going to go real quick. Don't say nothing crazy. What are you guys saying? Metag gamer, what were you saying while I was gone? [laughter] First message I see, what do you all think about universal healthcare? &gt;&gt; Uh, I'm in Brazil now. Goy big dubby. My short brown king Nico likes politics. Uh, y'all notice this guy looks like he can't swim. Do we? You talking about me? You talking about me? You talking about big Trey? Dude, we swimming laps like a like a madman. He's gonna take a shit. I hope he washes his hands. Hey, it was number one. Crazy, man. I can't leave you guys for a second. I did. I'll go to the bathroom in a closet. So, door way too skinny to be a restroom. I went through two doors, just so you know. I didn't want you guys to see my secret rooms. My man did not wash his hands. No way. And you can't make me. And you can't make me, dude. Simple as that. We're here for the chat, not the matches. We can be here for both, bro. I'm glad. I'm glad. Nothing better than watching jiu-jitsu with the boys. You know what I'm saying? Just talking it up with the boys while some jiu-jitsu is going on. That's what this stream's all about. [clears throat] Trey floats. I guarantee you I'm actually a I'm bad at floating like while swimming. I'm a bad floater. I'm dense, dude. I'm like 205. Just dense. Just kind of built a little different to be honest. That's why I'm saying if we lock in in 2026, probably would be nuts. I wish that someone can't swim would say on the internet. I don't think her daughter's gone yet cuz number one, you get a pass. Now we're talking. This chat cracked off for sure. There's no action. We got to find the action, dude. That might be on us for not seeking it out. You know what I mean? The action isn't just going to come to you always. Sometimes you got to seek it out. But luckily, we got each other while we try to figure it out. Uh, [sighs] I swam a sprint triathlon in 30 minutes. Doggy powder it. Trey got this, dude. I actually did I did a sprint triathlon as well. Um, and I thought I was going to drown. It was in open water on like a lake and it was like bad weather. It was kind of choppy. I was just swallowing water on the swim, throwing it back up. Like I was like, "Oh, sick, dude. I'm going to die doing a sprint triathlon. Not even a full triathlon. Like, that's not the way to go." You know what I mean? But luckily, I I gutted through it. And then once I got to the bike, I was just like chilling. I was like euphoric because I was like, I didn't drown, dude. This is incredible. So, Mustachio, brother, I live in Austin. We locking in 2026. Get some open mat training. That's what I'm talking about, dude. We're locking in. Everybody in the Alley Cats Anonymous is locking in in 2026. Come through. Let's get some training. What What open mats you hitting? I used to hit the Vow open mat a lot on Sundays. I haven't been in a minute. Maybe I should dust it off. Go back to it. I'm good on 14 now. Appreciate you for letting me know. I'll switch it up. You don't touch it. Do you still wash your hands? I don't ever wash my hands. Bad boy. You put Matt 19 on. All right, let's go. Matt team scrappy pool alert. Bottom left. Are we watching masters now? Do we got masters in the mix on this? Lake water ocean water makes me throw up. Yeah, it's brutal. Just got my purple belt and I'll be locking in with you. Just locking in to suck with a purple belt now. That's what I'm talking about, dude. Everybody lock in. Jeff Maxis on. He's Hey, he sees the vision. He's into it. This Naomi Sharp match going to come down to the last second. Oh, whoa, she got the four. Oh, it was Scrappy Poo alert top left. Scrappy Poo alert top left. I thought that Yeah, that point seemed a little weird, but she should get two also now. So it should go up 42. I thought she got the Yeah, there we go. 42. Shout out Naomi Sharp getting it done. That was a scrappy poo to end it right there. All right. What do you guys want me to switch map 14 to? I saw somebody say matt 19. I'll throw on mat 19 right here. If we need to come back to mat 14, let me know. Oh, is he going to finish his arm bar? That's gnarly. &gt;&gt; Not what you where you want to be. Slipping out of it. &gt;&gt; Matt 12 now. Okay. &gt;&gt; It's an emergency. Boom. Yeah, I don't think there's white belts. [clears throat] Go to Matt 15. All right, we're we're doing a quick Matt adjustment for a lot of these. Do you want me to switch mat 8 to matt uh 15? We're going. We're going mat 15 up here. Sorry to uh George Lane music. Should we finals and masters now? Yeah, I feel like we're getting into the deep masters territory. &gt;&gt; [cough and clears throat] &gt;&gt; Oh man, is he going to finish it before time runs out? Doesn't look like it. Dwan Silva, sorry for whoever was cheering for Nicolo Bolardo. What do you think about the resting suits? They look good, bro. Professionalism. Trey like [cough and clears throat] A bunch of Bruce Buffer jackets out there. [clears throat] All right, boys. We still lock Well, I know we're locking in in 2026, but we still locked in on all these matches. What is there something we should be watching? Are we missing anything? Let me look on comp system. You guys want me to do a speed typing test? A lot of people don't know this about me, but I type crazy fast. Now, bottom left is Matt 19. We got 15 top left, 19 bottom left, 12 bottom right, 10 top right. Yes, you do want me to do a typing test. Team Tornado. Jeff Maxi. I'm gonna figure out when Kenny Cleveland goes right now. Yo, Gavin in the chat. One v one me. You a fast you a fast typer, Gavin? Gavin Corby. Everybody give the W's in the chat for Gavin Corby stopping by. Elite grappler. Good dude. Oh, he retracted it. You don't want a one v one no more. Gavin typing test. I thought we weren't getting political. Yes, sir. I'm super slow. Kansas back on 17203. I want to see it. Gavin, let's do a collab live stream sometime where me and you just do uh we just type as fast as we can. There we go. The W's. The W's popping off for Gavin. Gavin. Gavin, let us know if you want to be a part of the Alleycats Anonymous. That's a little bit of the crew we're assembling here on this live stream, the Alleycats Anonymous. And uh if you want to be in, you might be one of the first pro guys to officially join the crew. We're just a crew of alleycats and hunks alike who like to, you know, you can find us sauntering around the back alleys, snapping our feners fingers. just making it happen. You know what I mean? I feel like you'd be a good fit for our crew, Gavin. You represent an alleycap better than a lot of guys out there. So, give me some time so I can drill. You're going to drill typing. Refuses to drill jiu-jitsu, but drills typing. Respect. What's my words per minute? I mean, I don't want I don't want to say, bro. I want to debut it on the stream at some point. I haven't done it in a while. I might need to brush up on it, too. But I feel like I still got it. Once a fast typer, always a fast typer. That's what I like to say. All right, Kenny Cleveland. Let's find him. I'm locked in right now, boys. I can't see the chat. I'm locked in. He's a purple belt. Command F. Cleveland. Kenneth William Cleveland from Six Blades Jiu-Jitsu competing Masters One Super Heavy. All right. Now we got to go here brackets. Masters one purple super heavy. Where is he at? Kenneth Cleveland goes at 2:58 p.m. There you go. He'll be on Matt 14 2:58 p.m. Oops. Sorry. Uh, do y'all actually drill top right's a scrappy pool alert. Matt 13. Let's throw up Matt 13 for the boys. We're changing out mat 19 for mat 13 real quick. Awesome. Thanks, man. I don't know how you voodoo magic that [clears throat and cough] I went to the IBJF registration page, athlete list by team. I command F to search his name. I found him and then I went to his bracket on BJJ comp system. I have no idea how much the referees get paid. No problem, bro. How long we've been going? Somebody tell me how long this stream's been. Dang, two hours and 10 minutes. I might have to get off here soon. I gota I gotta do some other work, too. I got to make posts on Instagram for flow grappling. All that fun stuff. Mat 17, please. We'll switch this bottom right one out for Matt 17. Yep. He's a He needs a throw that leg over. Just go chy bar. Get a grip. Does he have the grip on it? Oh, he's going bar. Is that bar or trick? Oh, pla, we could work with you. You guys would want to sit here while I like while I edit stuff. &gt;&gt; [clears throat and cough] &gt;&gt; Hey, there's Cyborg in the background. Bottom bottom right. Somebody wanted to see Cyborg. There he is. Cyborg spotting. All right, boys. I think I'm going to call it there. This is a fun stream. Fun stream. I gotta call it though. I can't sit here all day. I wish I could. You guys have been a lot of fun. But I appreciate you guys tuning in. You know, fun watching the matches with you guys. I think we're going to try and do this uh at least for like an hour tomorrow and Saturday for the black belts. Just a little taster. But like I said, you know, if you guys want to How long does it take you to edit film? Just depends. Depends on what I'm editing. Some things take longer than others, you know, but I'm pretty fast at her. That chick's daughter coming up way right now. Is she really? Is that lady's daughter really coming up? She might have to go to flowgling.com to watch it. What What match her daughter on? Should we watch her daughter and then that's it? As as an ode to the Alleycats Anonymous. Have a good night, my man. I appreciate it. Marky, what matt's her daughter on? Matt ate right now. All right. All right. Let me see if I can pull this up. I feel like we owe it to her to watch her daughter or his or her daughter. Oh, you guys playing me? Let's ride. We We It's impossible to shut the stream down, dude. We're trapped in the stream forever. [clears throat] All right, we're going back in. We're going to see if we can watch her daughter. We're back in. All right, we're back in. Everybody lock back in. Okay, that was a fake. That was a fake stream. Quit. All right, sound off in the chat. I brought it back now. I want to see you guys getting it going. I want to see that chat flying right now for bringing it back. You know, you guys almost lost me. I thought we were all fading. I thought we were out. You know what I mean? I I want to see it fired up. I want to see things going right now since we just jumped back in like that. I hope she wins, too. What was her name again? Somebody send me the the person's daughter's name and I'll search it up to make sure she's actually coming up. Put 14 up. God bless you, Trey. I mean, we got to see how her daughter does. Feel like we owe that. Alleycats are on top. That's right. 2026, dude. 2026, the Alleycats Anonymous is just going to be nuts. We got to fire it up. You get the boys going. That's what happens. Pop a fresh lip pillow and send it. I got one right here, boys. This one's still juicing me. Louisa Povski. All right, for this one's for the boys. We got a Kansas boy bottom right. Which one? Tariq Ahmed Abu Amara or Jacob Bradley Mars. Which one you guys think is the Kansas boy? H Which one you guys think is the Kansas boy? That's right. Get the cat emojis going for the Alleycats Anonymous. Let me look up Louisa Let me look this up real quick. Is she a blue belt? Louisa Guidita Povsiola adult female light. All right, she should be coming up. [clears throat] Louisa Povski versus Alicia Lucera. This is a big one for the Alcats Anonymous. Says it started three minutes ago. I don't think it's going though. Right. We're We're on Matt 8. This is Matt 8 right here. It's probably supposed to start three minutes ago. All right, we got to see we got to see this one through for the culture. You guys want to know what do you want on uh Piano Boy wants Matt 12? I'll go Matt 12 bottom right. This better be sick though. Piano boy. There's Matt 12. We got Christy Vicaro versus Christa Striker. Matt 15, I promise you. Okay, we're switching Matt 13 to Matt 15 because we got a promise. Honestly, thanks for the stream. I'm g have to get a flow sub so I can see my homies, but this free trial was dope. I appreciate that, Sparkree. You're the man. You know, I'm glad I could help out with the stream. Trying to give you guys a little love, you know. So, I do appreciate the love back. Getting the flow sub and everything. That's big time. You're the man for that. [cough] [clears throat] No problem, piano boy. Louisa Aguita Picarovski Seola is the future of the sport. I agree. One of her parents is riding with the alleycats anonymous. That's what we do it for. Now I bet Trey is the man of the people. That's right, Jeff. I try to be I try to be a man of the people. If if I keep doing these live streams, I better see you guys around. Not just for the event specific ones, you know. I'm trying to do more of these at least once a week. I was thinking about going Wednesday night live or something. Maybe Sunday Night Live. Uh something like that. And we might just do random other fun stuff. We might might watch classic matches, you know. We might just play games. I might stream UFC 5 and just build the ultimate grappler in the video game and see if we can get a title or something, you know. But I want to see I need to see you guys showing up for those streams, too, cuz these ones are great and all. I understand why you're here. You want to watch the jiu-jitsu matches, but I got to show the the brass back at Flow that we're out here in the trenches making a difference. That the people are still coming back. They're, you know, they're a part of the Alleycats Anonymous through and through no matter what we're streaming. the middle name thing is just because whenever you register for IBJJF, it like asks for it and then they just kind of put up the whole name on the uh on it. Dana White, give him a contract UFC 5. That's what I'm saying, dude. Should we do it? Should we stream UFC 5? Build the ultimate ultimate grappler in uh in UFC 5 and see if we can take the belt only with jiu-jitsu. No striking. Even go we can go online ranked play and just only take people down. get to mounted crucifix, just elbow them. People would get so mad at us. They used to be my bag in UFC 2. I would use a wrestler and I would just get to mounted crucifix and people would be I rate on I online play. I had like thousands of online matches back in like probably 2017 or so, 2017, 2018 maybe. I was just running that all the time in my dorm room. People hated it. I got so many crazy DMs on Xbox because people were like, "Just stand up." It's like, nah, bro. Ground game superior. Hold that. Matt 12. Hold. Can you keep Matt 15 on? Waiting for the fight after, please. I'm not touching anything. I'm not touching anything. Hands up. I'm not touching nothing right now. She will be the best in the world. You can be sure. Listen, you got a bunch of supporters right here. We're Loua Povsky fans. All right, we all support her. Anyone say you look like Ryan Gordon? You mean Gordon Ryan, dude? And I have had people say that before. I'm the third Ryan brother when I sh I shaved my head at one point just like straight straight buzzcut and then people said I look like Dante. They're trying to ice out Louisa. Where are you watching that? Watching what? &gt;&gt; Thank you so much. Of course, you're part of the community. W you dubs in the chat. Oh, we got a weird position going on. Bottom right. Dante for sure. Where we at? We got to check in on Louisa. Is she still coming up? Louisa Aguid to Matt 8. It says she should be the next match on Matt 8. I don't know why they're not rolling it. We got a referee situation going on. They don't have a referee for that one. &gt;&gt; Yeah, nothing changed on Louisa. It still says she's up next. Sometimes if there's finals and stuff going on, they have to go over and do the three referee situation on the mats and so like they don't have another one available or something. Yeah. Yeah. Message your daughter. Ask her what's going on. Is she coming up or not? Then let us know. Rev had Taco Bell. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, Ellie Cat Trey is getting antsy, dude. I am getting antsy. You guys are still here. Yeah, Team Tornado, we did a we did a fake shutdown. We're waiting on Louisa Petroski, Patroski, however you [clears throat] say it cuz, you know, her parent is part of the Alleycats Anonymous. So, we got to kind of ride through it and see how she does. We're trying to see that one, but things aren't looking great. She's she's supposed to be mad eight top left, but it's still just not happening for some reason. I'm not sure what's going on. That's right. Let's go, Louisa. We're all here to support. I mean, I feel we got to watch her cuz like at this point with the whole Alleycats Anonymous backing her, she just goes out, hits a crazy submission. Dude, we're going to go nuts. We're going to go absolutely nuts. Ellis Vanette, are you Louisa's mom or dad? Yeah, something's going on. Oh, they just moved her match. They just put So now it says she's gonna go at 223 and there's another match that's supposed to be up next. I wonder did somebody know show mom. All right, we got Louisa's mom in the chat. I'm be alleycat barking. She gets the W. Exactly. Let's go Louisa's mom. Should we just call you Louisa's mom or do you want Do you want to say your name so we can call you by your name? It's up to you. Oh wow. Her dad is dead. Sorry to hear that. Sorry to hear that. Well, she's she has us supporting her now. So, I know that doesn't completely fill that gap, but we are here for her. Oh, her opponent did no show. That's a dub right there. We count that as a dubsky. Man, no shows can just wreck a bracket. It just like it makes it take so much longer. Did they advance her yet? Okay. Yeah. So, they they advanced her to the next round. So, she is in the quarterfinals now. Or no, no, no. It's a big bracket. I think still eliminator round. Now she's got Lorraine Souza Paulina de something. Yeah, my name is Zvet Lana Acropski. All right, vet Lana, thanks for joining. Yeah, Louisa's opponent, dude. She heard the Alleycats anonymous was getting behind her. Started getting them shaky knees. You know what I'm saying? Them knees started rattling a bit. Started clanking together. So she had to go ahead and get that early dubsky off of off of noshow leading into this second round about to make waves with the crew watching. Yeah, we got that's a good call out. Metag gamer. We got Lorraine Soua Paulina Deeros versus Louisa Guidita Picovski Satola. Sick matchup. So many names. They only gave me three and I want more. I got three names total and one passport. I'm not built for jiu-jitsu. In jiu-jitsu, you got to have five names and three passports minimum. Got to be able to hit every trials. Can we get map five on? Yeah, we can get Matt five on. I think I think when Louisa is up I think when Louisa is up, we might just have to go full screen Matt 8 only and just lock in on Louisa's match. What do you guys think? But I'll throw up Matt five for now. &gt;&gt; We're going bottom right Matt five. &gt;&gt; We got this Ella McKay ad again. &gt;&gt; Nobody's watching that, bro. performing. &gt;&gt; You can use a screen. &gt;&gt; Ain't nobody watching that. I'm muting them. Nobody's watching that. This commentary is next level. I appreciate that, Corey. I'm not I'm not much of like a technical analysis guy, but I try to be a little funny here and there just for the phenomenal pronunciation. I went ahead and followed you on Instagram, too. I appreciate that. You know, appreciate that big time. Yeah. You know, if you guys like what you're seeing, go follow OG Trey Robinson. Shoot me a DM. Say you went through the stream. I saw a couple come through. After this, I'll message everybody back. I always respond. And uh I appreciate you guys supporting me. I appreciate you guys supporting Flow Grappling. This is a lot of fun. This is fun to get to do this. I'll allow it. Full screen Matt 5. Well, we're not going We're not going full screen yet. You guys want to just go full screen Matt 5? I was going to wait for full screen Matt 8 whenever Louisa went up so we can all just lock in. I like what I'm seeing. Everybody's agreeing. Yes. Yes. Agree. You are amazing. Zet Lana, you are amazing. And I hope Louisa does amazing today as well. They got to get her matt rolling though. You know what I mean? I mean, we're we're in purgatory right now just waiting. The Alleycats Anonymous is waiting patiently, but we don't got a lot of patience to go around. We're starting to get worked up. We're starting to get antsy. We're starting to want, you know, we want to see some some stuff flying. No way. Matt 15, please. How do you work for Flow Grappling? Also, how to apply for a job? Like, uh, I just applied to be honest with you. Like, flowports.com. Go to the careers page. Every now and then there's, uh, there's openings. Check it out. And I just applied one time when they had an opening for a content creator. I was making kind of I was making just content at my local gym, shooting photos, making videos. I was also working for a marketing agency, doing video stuff. And then the uh then the the opportunity presented itself. I applied, got the position, pretty stoked on it. Been doing that for like four years now. Anyone from Oneway Martial Arts coming up? I'm not sure. Y'all need accountants. Haha. Maybe Flo Sports is always hiring all kinds of positions like that. Engineers, accountants, all that stuff. Louisa Aguita Picross said I told is the only screen I want full. I agree. We got to kind of save it for her, you know. And I'm keeping myself dead center of the mat. [laughter] I'm not moving my video. Whenever whenever it gets going, it's going to be full screen with me just dead center. Just same size I am right now. All right, let me check let me check com system again. See what's going on with Louisa. It says she's supposed to go Matt 8 223. We still got Matt 8 up. Okay, the referee's walking out. Matt 8. Is this her? Are we about to see it, boys? Will Alleycats anonymous members show on my resume help with a job at flow? 100%. It's almost an instant higher if you're an Alleycast anonymous member. I don't know what's going on bottom right. That's weird. All right, I'm going to guess that Matt A is not Louisa. That's my guess. I could be wrong, but I don't think that's Louisa. You're right, Metagamer. That's a man. And so I'm starting to think that's not Louisa. Could be wrong, but I think it might not be Louisa. I think that that is not Louisa. Could be wrong, but I don't think it's her. But, you know, we'll see. Yeah, I don't know what's going on bottom right here on M five, but I want to see it through at this point. I feel like we got to see it through. You know, we got to see what's going on on bottom right. Let's We need these. We need John Daniel Naval and Kevin Nuen to hit a quick sub so we can lock in on Louisa. Let me check comp system again. Man, I don't know what's going on now. [sighs] I hope we're not missing it on another mat. still says it's slated for Matt 8. Map 14. All right, we're going 14 right here. Oh, we got a DQ. So, all of that for a DQ bottom right. Did she reap? That was weird. All right, I'll show Matt 10. I'm showing Matt 10 right here. And what was the other one? Matt 14. Oh, we already had Matt 10 up. You pranked us. We got Matt 10 bottom left. Mat 14, top right. Matt 8, we're still waiting for Louisa in top left. And then bottom right, we saw a weird DQ. Keep Matt five. Which one was Matt five? All right, I'll keep it. You earned it. [cough and clears throat] Is this a ru? I thought that dude was going rule top left. That was kind of weird. They better they better put Louisa up next on on Matt 8. I've just about had enough. You know what I mean? I might I might start calling my connections. I might start having to hit get on the horn. You know what I mean? I might get on the horn to Las Vegas to IBJF Noi Worlds and say, "Hey, we got we got about a hundred million alleycats waiting in the wings waiting for Louisa. Well, let's get her up. Matt 8." You know what I'm saying? They'll they'll hear the purring in the background. Let's make eight flow grappling $8 a month. I'm not in charge of the price. This stream has made it to Reddit. Is that true? We're on Reddit, boys. I don't go to Reddit much these days. Sometimes Reddit's mean, you know. Yeah, exactly. Meta. Hey, what's going on down there? We got 150 million. Don't sell it short. Not 150. We got 150 million getting tired waiting for Louisisa. I just opened Reddit. Someone's asking, "Will my boyfriend like his present?" And it's a Hyperfly Ge Hyper Light Blackout. That's a sick present. If you're watching here, he'll probably like that. for all the flow hate. They're doing a free watch along for day one of Nogie Worlds. How about that, boys? The Alley Cats the Alleycats Anonymous made it to the to the Reddit. What do you guys think? What do you guys think of that one, huh? I mean, they're probably going to flame me up, dude. But yeah, we go back to the girl throwing up. My bad. Did she actually throw up? All right, so Maddie, that match is done now. We just concluded. It's got to be Louisa up next. You know what I mean? It's got to be Louisa up next. Somebody pull some connections. Let's get Louisa up next. OG Trent Alleycat. Hey bro, it's Trey. Come on. A Metag Gamer, don't do us like that, bro. Don't be making fun of the match cutting out on Reddit. You're part of the Alleycats Anonymous now, bro. You got to ride for us. You got to ride for the gang. Ride for the boys. Ryan Gordon. We got to get Louise up next on eight. Lana, I don't know what she's got going on, but she's probably anxious. It's Red, bro. That's what it's for. I know them sharks in the water. I respect the game. Uh oh no, they they moved Louisa's match. Okay, this is this is red alert. This is Alcats anonymous red alert. We need to move we need to find where Louisa's match is going to Oh, they just pushed it back. Now it says 245. Dang, dude. So now we have two more matches before Louis's. What's going on with Louisa's bracket? Is just Are they Are they catching wind of the Alleycats anonymous? Are the people buzzing about our presence? Are the people buzzing about the Alcats Anonymous and our support support for Louisa and they're just shaking in their boots, dropping like flies? Did you have another no-show opponent? This is nuts, dude. We might be more powerful than we could have ever dreamed. We're just sitting here altering the course of history in live time. Call your connections. I might have to get on the horn, boys. I might have to get on the horn, make a call, figure out what's going on with Louisa. Yeah, her fame is getting no-shows. I mean, this is nuts. Thanks for doing this, Trey. Appreciate the watch along. Thank you, D King of Charleville. You're the man. You have to build the hype, you know? That's what I'm saying, dude. I mean, this is nuts. the the we're sending out we're sending out some some vibes and energy into the jiu-jitsu universe that got people shaking in their boots at the NOI World's female adult blue lightweights. I'll compete and you guys watch and watch me get all buys to the finals. Exactly, dude. That's why I'm saying it might be time 2026. You know what I'm saying? I've already said it a couple times, but hey, 2026, it might be time to lock in. Okay, now that we got the Alleycats anonymous backing each other, it might be time to lock in in 2026. And we might go dummy, dude. If we lock in, we might go dummy. It might be insane what we're capable of. Someone drop our Instagram for science purposes. Bleed the fifth. Yeah, we get the Alleycats anonymous competing out there with the Alleycats Anonymous backing them. We're gonna have a lot of easy walks to the finals, boys. We're gonna have a lot of easy walks to the finals. 2026 OG Trey Alleycats. That's what I'm talking about. Put it everybody. Put it in your Instagram bio. Proud member of the Alleycats anonymous. Where is Lorraine Soua Paulina Dara's walk down the wrong alley on her way to the match? That's what I'm saying, dude. Yeah, you you make a wrong turn if the alleycats anonymous are activated and you just see you just see a group of alleycats and hunks alike, you know, a couple jive turkeys in the mix and you see them just and you just walk up on that, you're pulling out. You're pulling out. Simple as that. Come to Haven in Roderdam if you're ever in town. For sure. I'm there. 2026, you're the lock in. I'm a fan. Don't even know her weight class. I think it's light. Blue belt light weight. Yeah. Adult female blue lightweight. Switch that hat to okay state and you'll be you'll really be locked in. Okay, give me a second. I was muted. Dang, I had some good lines. Oh man, I had some good lines. I muted myself on that one. Oh. Oh man. Hey, you guys fill in the gap with what I was saying. Okay. Dang, I muted myself just like that. Bro, speaking to nobody. Hey yo, bro speaking to nobody right now. I'm not muted anymore. You didn't see that one coming, Jeff Maxi, huh? Just immediately with the Cowboys hat on. Okay, there's a chance now that Louisa is the next match right here. It's got to be Louisa. It's got to be Louisa. We got to lock in. It's got to be Louisa. I'm not muted. I'm not falling for it. Man streaming from his room in name of flow. That's dedication. That's what I'm saying, bro. I'm trying to bring you guys something fun. I'm not muted, dude. I'm not falling for it. All right, chats in Spanish. Hey, why are you guys all typing in Spanish right now? Stop typing in Spanish. Put the chat back to English. Come on. This has got to be Louisa. If this is Louisa meta, no more jokes. I'm crashing out, boys. I'm crashing out right now. Why is it not Louisa, bro? Tell me right now why it's not Louisa on Matt 8. We just want one thing. We just want to watch Louisa on Matt 8 and we just can't get that estencing into our freed sauced up. Ladies and gentlemen, we got him. All right, Louis is up next. This match should be quick. All right, I'm counting on that. That's Jason Ralph on eight. Where you just making a joke or is he in a is he coaching? Yeah. Give us Louisa or the Alleycat strike. I mean, we It's like we're so committed now. We got to ride it through. I feel like this has been going on for way too long. How long has this stream been going? 2 hours and 33 minutes. 2 hours and 47 minutes. We're going to hit three hours on this screen. This is nuts. We got to get Louis on a [sighs] We got to get Louis on a dude. for Svet Lana, for the Alleycats, for everybody who's been dedicated to this stream, who's been watching along at home, for all the people who are going over to flowgrappling.com and subscribing so that they can see the rest of the event, so they can see all the archives, all the matches, all the best content, for everybody who's doing all the right things. For everybody who's in the trenches, for everybody who's out there taking orders from the brass, heading out into the trenches, just being a foot soldier, doing the right thing day by day, one foot in front of the other, doing what it takes to be a better person, to help society, to be better at jiu-jitsu, you know, to be a better son, a better father, father, to be all those things. We just need one thing in return. We're trying to do all the right things, and we ask for one thing in return. We want Louisa on Matt 8. That's all we ask. That's all we ask. Yousef Proski. We got some We got a We got a Somebody made an account to act like they're also I work remote, but I'm staying right at my desk for Matt 8. That's what I'm saying, dude. Like, we got to stay here for Louis on Matt 8. And it's going to be nuts, dude. I'm just waiting for when Louisa steps onto the mat. It's going to be electric. I cannot wait. She's got to win. She's got so many people supporting her right now. She's got millions and millions and millions and millions and millions of alleycats cheering her on. Yeah, dude. Fire up. Go to Reddit right now and let them know that Louisa Guida Proski Saitto is going to be up in like four minutes on Matt 8 and we're going full screen for it. with you again. &gt;&gt; Got an ad. I'm so hyped, too. Are you actually Louis's brother? I don't know if I believe it. Just all of a sudden we got Yousef Prosky in the chat. Could someone could have made that account? We've been waiting for a long time. All right, this match is over. Come on, boys. Is now the time? Yeah, I haven't been watching either since the fake shutdown to be honest. I've kind of just been super locked in on if Louise is going to come out or not. She's got to She's got to be up next. Oh, I think we're going to be disappointed, boys. I think there might be one more before her. Oh, I'm nervous. I'm genuinely nervous right now. Vet Lana, is that seriously your son? We got We got Zvet Lana and her son right now in the chat. This is awesome. I'm I'm I'm worried about who's going to walk out next on Matt 8, though. I'm Yeah, I might have to get on the horn. I might have to get on the horn, dude. Talk to some people. Bro is not editing tonight. You guys are tomorrow. Tomorrow I'm gonna fire up a stream and it's going to be one of those like sad YouTuber like where I'm all serious and I'm like this isn't the video I wanted to make, but I want to apologize for not editing, for not doing my job. I mean, I have to I'm going have to drop one of those videos for you guys after I get in trouble for for just not doing any editing, not making social posts, and just watching the stream with you guys. We need boots on the ground. I know, man. Should I fly to Vegas and get Louisa on the mat right now? Should I hop in the private jet, get there, make sure Louisa takes the mats? Yeah. Six hours later. All right. Yousef says she's the best. Yeah. Tomorrow post video live chat review. I just Yeah. The whole the whole video I make is just me reviewing the live stream. Let me You guys want me to call Reed real quick? Reed's my actual boss. Now, is that going to be on your own account or FL? I might lose access to the flow account, boys. I might lose access to the flow account. I might have to be on the personal only slightly alarming to have sudden full screen tray on my computer at work. Let the people know. Get them involved. Yeah, I am going to be editing Louisa highlights tonight. If everything goes right, I'm going to drop the most banger Louisa highlight ever. Yeah, the Matt 8 reveals are getting nuts. Should I go full screen on Matt 8? Should we just keep riding out with whether or not Louisa Oh, we got some other people. Matt 11, please. I got you. But yeah, the Matt 8 reveals just waiting to see if Louisa walks out. It's getting crazy. It's like I get nervous every time. I'm supposed to I'm supposed to It's It's 4:45 in Austin right now. I'm supposed to go at 5:00 and film a recap uh for day one in the studio. I'm supposed to leave here. I don't know if I can leave. I might have to just lock in and stay here with you guys. I don't know if I can leave. Yeah, dude. No, I need to eat, too. No eating. No eating till we see Louisa. We got to lock in. That's our only choice at this point. We thought we were going to wait till 2026 to lock in. I I did not see it coming that we were going to have to lock in on Matt 8. a recap of everything that happened today. So like who won brown bell? Yeah, true. Louis ain't done. How can we recap? Good point. Actually, you got me. Let me call Reed. We're calling Reed. Hey Reed, we're still live right now. Can I Can I put you on speaker so the boys can hear you? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I guess so. &gt;&gt; All right. All right, everybody. We got Reed calling in right now. Reed. All right. The live the stream's still going. I did a fake stop a while ago, like maybe an hour ago. But the problem is, &gt;&gt; what's up? &gt;&gt; Yeah, say what's up everybody to read. &gt;&gt; Say what's up to the Alley Cats anonymous crew. &gt;&gt; Hold on. We just got We got a Matt 8 debut. It could be Louisa. Are you Are you hip to what's going on with this Louisa situation at all? &gt;&gt; No. Tell me what's going on. &gt;&gt; We've been waiting for like an hour. Louisa Propovsky's mom is in the chat and she's asked if she we can watch her daughter. &gt;&gt; Shut up. and we we agreed, but she her her opponents keep no-showing because they feel the presence of the Alleycats. They're scared. So, they keep no-showing. So, we keep having to wait to see her match. So, I'm just I I know I'm supposed to drive there at like five, you know, and do this recap, but a lot of people bringing up a good point. &gt;&gt; You talking about, &gt;&gt; huh? &gt;&gt; Who are you talking about? &gt;&gt; Louisa Povski. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; All right. Is this Is this her slut, Lana? She might be up right now. Reed, I might have to go. I might have to go. This is a huge moment. &gt;&gt; Are you asking me? &gt;&gt; I was going to tell you I'm going to be late because how can we do a recap if we haven't seen Louisa's match yet? But I might have to go. The people are going nuts right now. This is what we've been waiting for. All right, tune in, Reed. Tune in the live stream. Get in the chat. This is crazy. &gt;&gt; All right, boys. Boys, it's time. This is Louisa. They mess up the names, but this is Louisa. Which one is she? She's Carlson. She's Carlson. Gracie. So, she should be the one right there with the with the Gracie with the Yeah. On the right side. Right side screen. Let's go, baby. Come on. This is what we do it for. Everybody, get loud. Alycat anonymous. Get loud. Come on. Let's get it going. Let's go. Louisa, we always believed in you. Vet Lana, let's do this. Yousef, let's do this. Everybody get it going. She's controlling the hand fight right now, dude. This is exactly what we expected from Louisa. She's got the tattoos. She's scary. She's got the alleycats behind her. I mean, yes, 100%. This is the greatest. You guys are a part of the greatest streaming moment in jiu-jitsu history. We have an absolute scrappy poo alert. Sound the alarms. Louisa has taken the mats. Don't worry about the graphic. The graphic's wrong. Who cares, dude? Louisa's on the mats and we're watching. This is incredible. Get that single leg, Louisa. Put her down. No, don't accept it. This is fine. This is fine. Louisa's fine from here. Come on, Louisa. You got a lot of people backing you right now. You got a lot of people backing you right now. And listen, we're going to support Louisa one way or another. It doesn't matter how this goes. We'll always support Louisa, but we want her to get the dub here. We need the dub here. I'm nervous, man. I'm shaking. I gota I got to throw in a little. I missed it. There we go. We're locked in. Come on, Louisa. Come on. She can get out of this. Louisa Povsky is the girl we've been waiting on for like an hour now to take the mats. Her mom's Flet Lana and her brother Yousef are in the chat. They're part of the Alleycats Anonymous and we said we would watch. We said we would cheer them on and that's what we're doing. Do not accept that. Do not let her get the second hook. Louisa, I believe in you. The millions and millions and millions and millions and millions of alleycats believe in you. She can get out of this. Yeah. She's using turtle offensively. She's like Eduardo Telus. You know, Eduardo Telus, the king of offensive turtle use. Louise is no different. Oh man, she got the hooks. Okay, Tommy, thank you for joining the team. Ah, body triangle is not good. Louisa's got heart, though. If there's one thing I know about her, we're down a few points, but you know, we're not out. Simple as that. Louise's got to get to her. Get to her left side. Get on the body triangle side. There we go. Break it open. Yes. Perfect. Perfect. Fight out of that. Wrestle up like you. She's got to I'm thinking I'm thinking she might need to stand, you know, hips away. Peel the hands off. Circle back. Get back in that single leg. She looked good there. Louisa's wrestling looks good. I'm I've never been this nervous for a jiu-jitsu match. This is absolutely nuts. Come on, Louisa. There we go. Hips away. There we go. Yes. No. Louisa, focus on getting the hips away. Peeling the hands off and then shoot. Shoot off of it. Shoot off of the escape. We need a shot. Re-shot. Chain them. No, we don't accept that. Come on. Come on, Louisa. Come on. I'm not giving up hope. I don't want anybody in the chat right now to give up hope either. Louisa is dangerous from anywhere. She has heart. She can deliver. Come on. If Louisa loses, do we have to do we have to call this as a Reed jinx? Is it because we called Reed? Did he jinx us? Come on, Louisa. Don't get too cozy right there. The The board's not working. The graphics aren't right. The clock's not working. I have no time. How much Okay, there we We got Louisa's name on the board. I don't know how much time is left. Yes, Louisa. She's a dog. She's not afraid. She's got some Jasmine Rosha in her. Huh? She's got a little Jasmine Rosha in her. She's mean. I can tell. So, Lana, you raised her right. She's mean. She's gritty. She's not afraid of a fight. She's not afraid to make it dirty. Is that time? Don't tell me that. Don't tell me that. Come on. Don't tell me that. Give her another five minutes. Oh my gosh. Listen, Louisa showed a lot of heart. We're never going to quit being a fan of Louisa here. Not on this channel, okay? We're never going to stop supporting Louisa. Louisa is one of the top grapplers of the Alley Cats Anonymous. She's never afraid. That's right, sweat Lana. She's never afraid. She's not afraid of a fight. She'll take it to anybody. And she's young. She's got a whole lot of career ahead of her. You know what I mean? We're going to see Louisa go on for years and years and years and become one of the most dominant grapplers the world has ever seen. and the Alleycats Anonymous will be behind her every step of the way. We can blame this on Reed. You're right. We might have done a Reed jinx. Calling Reed might have been a bad move. I got to take some accountability for that, but Reed needs to take a lot of that. That might have been a jinx. All right. It was a great scrap from Louisa. She showed heart. She went all the way through. Reed's texting me right now. He said, "This is on you, not my fault." He might be right. Okay. I maybe shouldn't have made that call. That might have been my fault. All right. But there's one thing I know. I know that the Alleycats Anonymous are stronger than ever. You know, we are ride or die for our people and Louisa is one of them. I just want to shout out Lana. You know, I want to shout out Yousef. Thank you guys for joining in, for letting us be a part of Louisa's journey. That was incredible to watch. The Mad Eight reveals were all time where we're just sitting there waiting for Louisa to come out and finally she did. And you know what? It didn't go her way today. But that's part of the journey, you know. We're not here to win every single match. We're here to go out there, put it on the line, see what we can do, represent the Alleycat synonymous, represent the Bushidto spirit, the jiu-jitsu spirit, put it on the line, put ourselves out there. It's easy to sit at home, not take risk, and, you know, not worry about whether or not you're going to take an L. It's hard to put it out there, you know, put yourself on the line, make sure and, you know, see if maybe I come out on top, maybe I don't. And today, Louisa didn't come out on top. But you know what? I bet she did. I bet she learned something. I bet she's going to get better from this. I think she's, you know, she's going to see, you know, new strides just be hit in her game. And that's what it's all about. Slana, you're an absolute legend. Yousef, you're a legend. Louise is a legend. Jeff Bennett, you're an alleycat. If you're in here, you're an alleycat. That's what I'm talking about. Thank you all for joining in on the stream. You know, it was a lot of fun watching with you guys. I'm going to be back tomorrow. We might have to tighten it up. Maybe just like a quick hour or so, you know, but it was a lot of fun chatting with you guys. Thank you for joining in. I appreciate it. You know, this is what makes my job fun. I'm glad to be able to talk with you guys. The Alleycats Anonymous over everything, baby. We ride. When you see us, when you see this group of guys of alleycats and hunks alike, some J turkey turkeys in the mix, just snapping in the back alleyways, you know, you better turn the other way, bucko. You better turn, tuck your tail between your legs, and take off because the Alleycats Anonymous is running things from here on out. All right, and that's the bottom line. Why? Because I said so. So, thank you all for joining in. Search about her life. She's really warrior following dream. Thank you for the attention. Of course, we love we love Louisa here. But thank you guys all for watching. I really appreciate it. You guys are legends. You know, tons of fun. We'll be back tomorrow. You know, we'll see if we can match that energy. I mean, that was nuts. I'm I'm riding high right now. Louisa didn't get it done, but I know she'll be back for more. So, thank you all for watching. I'm going to end it there. Tons of fun. We'll see you guys tomorrow for the next one.