Kind: captions Language: en ing IBJF world champion Talita Silva and the reigning brown belt world champion making her black belt ghee debut as well as her BJJ stars debut none other than Helena Cravar. Helena has absolutely lit the sport on fire. She has become one of the most mustwatch athletes in the entire game. Uh 80C silver medalist still as a teenager gets the black belt from John Donah her recently. She made her no debut at the Austin Open. That was very cool. Now it's time to really put it to the test. She is jumping right to the top of the line. She is not waiting. She's taking on the number one ranked middleweight in the world. Toita is so so tough. She looked incredible at worlds being the likes of Liz Clay in the finals. Incredible performance there in the pyramid for her career performance. Now she has to take on the boogie woman of the division. Very first. I'm really excited. I'm really excited to see another title fight. A-Rod taking on Julia Alves. I think that's an incredible fight. Both AJ world champions. Both have had so much highle success. They've kind of been circling each other for a long time. Now they're finally going to meet. A-Rod has been kind of the queen of BJJ stars in a lot of ways. I'm so excited to see this match. Cory, what do you think about that? &gt;&gt; This is a a phenomenal matchup between two of, I would say, pound-for-pound the strongest women in the sport. Uh they they are uh physical, they're ferocious, they're incredible guard players. So, a lot to expect out of this match. Um I think it's the perfect match to make and for a title here at BJ Star 16. &gt;&gt; Incredible here. I think you guys are seeing a lot of these people starting to make the walks. You get your first look. A lot of the people all locked in, ready to go for an incredible night. You're gonna see a lot of people maybe for the first time. People like Leo Soua, who you should know about. Obviously, Marram, we all know Marram. He is a mustwatch athlete in jiu-jitsu, a multi-time world champion in the ghee, who has lit it on fire at BJ Stars multiple times. We are seeing next generation stars like we saw Livia Bear seen just there recently. I'm so excited to see her compete tonight. There you seem always looking super cool. Fabricio with the Hokag headband. Uh man, what a what a collection of champions here for this night. &gt;&gt; You know, one thing that jumps out to me, uh we've seen a lot of these athletes very recently at um at Aayiga, including Fabricio and Pedro, who represented the same team. So, I wonder what their time together, uh will mean for a potential match up for them later in the evening. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. I am most excited to see what these NOI Grand Prix athletes look like. They have a long road tonight. It's going to be three wins for whoever is able to get through here. They're going to win 100,000 hei. Uh they're going to become, I believe, the heavyweight openweight champion of BJJ stars. Very exciting. Always cool to see. Uh and these guys are able to make a a big statement early. It's going to go a long way in this tournament for them to be able to uh uh get momentum and keep it rolling. [Music] &gt;&gt; Always cool to see who's in the crowded BJ stars. You're going to see multi-time world champions littered throughout uh always showing up because they understand the level of jiu-jitsu that's being produced here is the highest in the world is right in the heart of jiu-jitsu. Uh nobody does these shows quite like FEPA. He always produces such a great event and we're lucky for another one. There's masters, there's teenagers, there's champions of today. A lot of generations here on the mat sharing the tatam here tonight. A-Rod returning. This is her second competition after major knee surgery after ADCC last year. Had to have her ACL reconstructed. She returned at the Sa Palo Open, won that division. She's making her big return to super fight action here tonight. It's been a long road back for A-Rod. Excited to see how she does tonight. important. to remember Cory if we could mention up off the top IBJJF rules when we're in the ghee the no Grand Prix will be modified ADCC rules with points going at all times with no guard pulling penalty and with no overtime going to be a little different here tonight going to get those matches rolling here pretty soon but anything you see in the ghee is going to be traditional IBJJF rules with very slight modifications Future fighters choice sports. [Music] YouTube confetti confetti girls. [Music] Eduardo Mun is making the walk to the mat. She earned her way onto this match at as a purple belt via the BJJ Conferryy which is a BJ Stars kind of qualifier live on YouTube operated by BJ Stars. Edmonise here, a South American uh uh champion and uh looking to represent Lotus Club here tonight. Really exciting. If you haven't uh pay attention to the Confair Series, it's really incredible. It's free on YouTube. You guys should really check it out. Uh Feba Lopez, who runs BJJ Stars, goes to all these localmies, starts setting up fights locally. These kids really want to make an impression. They really want to earn their way potentially onto a big stage like this. Eduardo did just that. But man, she got a tough one tonight. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And the tough one is in Livia Barcini, who also won the uh the BJ Conferryy to earn her way on to this mat. But Joe, you have uh a little more knowledge here of Livia than I do. So why don't you tell us about her? &gt;&gt; Sure. I had the opportunity to watch Livia throughout the BJJ uh IBJJF uh uh season this year, all the way from Euro. She won the Grand Slam double gold at at every tournament she went to. She won double gold this year. It was absolutely incredible. She was totally dominant. Uh that was throughout the juvenile 2 blue belt system, which you understand means she is very, very tough indeed. She trains with the Milky Gao team out there at the BJJ College. If you want to sound smart, you got to be talking about Livia Barene being the next big thing in the ghee. I think she is truly somebody that we're going to be talking about as an absolute contender one day at the black belt level. She's so so tough. Eduardo really has her work cut out for her today. I think Livia is next next level, but she definitely has a test here today. Let's see it. &gt;&gt; And here we go. Seven minutes in the female purple belt division here. And Barisini pulls guard right away. &gt;&gt; Tough from the close guard, tough from the Cutotler sleeve. Uh Eduardo doing a good job settling things down, not letting herself get elevated. She's going to look to keep things moving as she gives up. Two points there to Livia's overhead sweep. And Olivia coming in here pressuring with this knee cut right away. Seems like she's looking to set up that far side under hook and even using Bravo grip here to get a little closer. &gt;&gt; She's so tough, especially now that Sarah Galva has gotten her black belt and Helena Cravar as well has gotten her black belt. We just had a very good brown belt class kind of graduate through with the Faggras. I I believe that Livia is the best prospect at color belt female right now. Olivia chest to chest right now with that Bravo grip and she's going to use it to get over into uh three quarter mount here. Staying heavy on the pressure already doing a great job of controlling the head. That's what's making all this possible. And there you see she collects the pass and she's going to get those points. She is cruising here early &gt;&gt; and she'll add five before going for the arm bar here. She's got almost straightened out. Just needs to control the head a little bit better here. instead decides to settle back to her guard. Great job defending there by Eduardo Bise. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Eduardo was able to do a great job of flipping over and following the armbar motion, freeing her head and getting herself back into this closed guard. But now she's got to start to find a way to put points on the board. Uh I think she feels like her guard might be the best way to do it. That was conceding the sweep as much as anything. It was a very similar sequence to last time, but this time I think she was a little bit more uh willing to go to her guard, try to find something beneficial here. this overhead spider sweep so far paying dividends for Olivia Olivia Barcini and again looking to get that far side under under hook already collecting that again that Robbo grip for just a moment before connecting her hands now sliding deep into chest on chest half guard &gt;&gt; I think it's interesting Olivia does not have her usual coaching team a lot of the melting team is at uh kids pans and they were at WNO last night so Livia kind of coming in here as a lone ranger still really getting it done obviously she has support from her community and all that but a lot of her usual ual black belt training staff are not there with her. &gt;&gt; Good job for Olivia here walking the knees away now. Still great control of the head and looking to uh separate that far side arm from the body. Good job climbing it up now. Just a couple inches away from the mountain here. &gt;&gt; Yeah, a lot of tension. Look at that left hand is all the way through grabbing on the arm. She's really doing a great job of pinning down the upper body while she's taking her time with the lower body to free that foot. thought about using that backside leg to get her trapped leg out. She might go back to that now that she has the far arm pinned over the head. But a great display of control so far just three minutes into the match by Leu Barcini who is holding a seven-point lead. &gt;&gt; Eduardo doing a good job of settling the match down a little bit, not letting things get even worse. doing a good job of getting her left elbow back. If she can get her left elbow back into her own control and things are going to really open up and you see Livia understands that she's going right back and attacking at that joint. That's where the battle is right now at that left bottom elbow of Eduardo. Interesting use of that wrist control on the far side by Libya Barcini. Look using the it's like a gift wrap. Right. Right. Right. Using the the wrist rather than necessarily under hook to climb the arm up. Now she goes to the under hook. Things are about to get a lot worse for a lot worse here for Eduardo Mun if she can't get herself back together. &gt;&gt; Livia is so impressive. I think only like 16 17 years old. Still very young. I'm still going to, you know, physically mature a lot. Uh, but, you know, to me, honestly, I don't think you can look at her and not kind of feel like she has like a younger Gabby Pagna kind of game going on. You know what I mean? A lot of size, a lot of physical strength, but a ton of technique, and a ton of strategic understanding of how to put these things together into a very dominant package. Cuz I'll tell you, I saw a lot of this throughout the IBJJF season. &gt;&gt; Livia goes back to that knee cut to pass the guard, picking up three points, and then hops on over to Mount now, giving her a 14-point lead. Two and a half remaining in this match and uh Olivia Barcini in total control. &gt;&gt; Really the only thing that she can do at this point to really make this more impre impressive is find a way to finish, right? That's got to be the thinking now is put on a show, find a way to finish, hammer home that you are the super prospect that people need to be talking about. You are uh uh the badass of the division. And she's doing that. If she can keep working these arms up higher, the armbar is going to become a real real threat. She's looking left. She's looking right trying to find something. Livia playing around on the back, but more than anything, just holding on. I think uh uh she's just trying to not get submitted at this point, right? She's trying to hold on. She's down 14 points and just to be able to escape is going to start to become a moral victory at this point. As Olivia starts to look at the back, that elbow's passing across the center. You see the gift wrap with the left hand. &gt;&gt; She's going to start to sit. She's going to start to try to take the back, potentially work into a lapel choke at that point. &gt;&gt; I really like how Livia is maintaining the pressure as she's in this opportunity, right? Her chest is nice and low. Her hips are obviously very heavy as she starts to work around to this arm bar. &gt;&gt; Second bite in arm bar on this match. She has a lot better control this time as she extends out. &gt;&gt; That is stretched out. We go belly down here. Great job staying tough. very flexible clearly on the position. She flips over. This is a great position to finish. Wow. There's the top. &gt;&gt; Dominant display here by Livia Barney to kick off BJJ Star 16. She's going to take the win home after a 14-point lead. Collects the armbar in the final minute here. She has every right to be celebrating like crazy. That was such a statement from her to come out and be absolutely dominant with her a game, showing off what she's best at, using her guard, using her passing, finishing with the submission. It was a thorough, complete performance against a very tough opponent. A South American champion like Eduardo is no joke. Uh Olivia made it look uh uh like just any other day at the gym for her. She's really something. She's really going to contend this year purple belt at every single tournament she goes to for double gold. and we're going to hear her name a lot more as we keep talking about these ghee champions over the next few years. &gt;&gt; You know, this is something we see a lot from really highlevel color belt competitors is sure they are well-rounded, but there there's one technique they do in any uh any given campaign from any given position that is better than all others. For Libya today, it was that overhead sweetheart. We saw both of those on a couple different occasions with &gt;&gt; precision. Absolute precision. Absolutely. She's a killer with that. I saw it all the time this year throughout the IBJJF season. That's one of her best sweeps. Probably her best sweep. Uh and it was absolutely unstoppable today. Now she receives the trophy and the uh uh the love there from the crowd. The BJJ college crew definitely out in uh numbers. They always are BJJ stars. They're there supporting their girl and all their people throughout the card. &gt;&gt; Expect here. We'll get a look at a quick replay before we hear from Livia. Here we go. There's that overhead sweep. &gt;&gt; Right into back stepping, right into knee cutting. Right into what she's best at. This was this first look at the arm bar, but her right leg is a little out of position. So, she didn't quite get it, but she made good on her later attempts. The first one looked a little bit rushed, but once she got to this mount position, you could tell total control. I'm sure Eduardo was a little bit uh a little bit more gassed out in the second position, the second attempt here. And uh as as Livia climbed over into the mount, she took her time to get this arm exactly where she wanted it, getting control of the thumb, going belly down. A great display of defense there by Eduardo, but ultimately not enough. So impressive the way she followed her through so many different roles, couple different positions there. She just showed a ton of control throughout the position to be able to uh not lose that even though there's a lot of great defensive motion there. Now we're going to hear from Libya. [Music] Foreign speech. Foreign speech. Foreign speech. [Music] Spice. foreign speech. Don't see just 16 years old and in her second match at Purple Belt, Livia Barsini takes the win. We will be right back with uh the beginning of the black belt matches here. Kicking it off with Luis with excuse me, Pablo Alivera and Matteo. spotting every [Music] Spot fighting [Music] fight tonight. [Music] We are back here at BJJ Star 16 following a dominant win by Olivia Barcini. Kicking it off now to the the new black belts, the brand new black belts newly dawned uh being Pablo Olivera and Matteo Ree [Music] future. Gracie, &gt;&gt; Pablo Olivera taking the mat here. Uh, a newly crowned black belt following his silver medal performance at uh, the 2025 IVA 4 champion. Pablo is super tough. He had a great campaign. I'm really excited to see what he can do at black belt. Middleweight is very very tough and I think is infused with a few really great contenders this year. Pablo being among them. I'm really excited he can. [Music] [Applause] &gt;&gt; And here comes Matteo Ruiz fighting out of Argentina. uh just like Pablo, a recently crowned uh black belt following his performance at the uh 2025 IVJF World Championship. He had a great year as well, Matteo. He was able to meddle in a few big tournaments, including the European Championships. I'm really excited to see how he does here. I think it's cool that we're getting more and more different South American on here. Obviously, we've seen some great Colombians. We're going to see a great way fighter later. uh the more and more we get jiu-jitsu from all these different areas. I know Peru is producing some great fighters. We could keep going. French Gana had a European champion recently. I mean, there's a bunch. Uh but it's always cool to see that &gt;&gt; jiujitsu truly becoming a global sport. And these two have run into each other on a number of occasions. Most recently uh at the 2025 2024 ABJF European Championship where Pablo Olivera took the crown here. Both these guys young, both these guys super tough, and both these guys really out here to make a statement. It's not just as much uh to win, but to win and put on some kind of emphatic statement that you are a new guy to watch at this weight. It could be a great thing for sponsors. It could be a great thing just for your attention overall and for your confidence overall to be able to come out here and put it on another young tough guy who's in the same spot as you are. &gt;&gt; Headto now. Neither of these middleweights seeming to want to pull guard, but a nice little turn throw there by Pablo. Gives his backup on the throw though. And Matteo Ruiz on the hunt. Now it's just secure. &gt;&gt; Pablo continuing the scramble though. And he's going to come up on top and close guard. Although there's still a great grip there with the left hand from Matteo. He's given up the position and still has a great great grip. That's why I don't like the turning throws as much. You know what I mean? You do always risk giving your backup and having to fight out of that if you are able to successfully fight out of that. We can both name fights where a guy's gone for a turning throw, ended up losing because of it. &gt;&gt; Pablo, a good job in recovery though, uh, taking his scoring opportunity and actually scoring off of it. Uh, because he he initiated the attempt, but Matteo continuing to throw threat after threat here with a triangle. Now Pablo's going to get out of that one, but the guard of Matteo Ree is looking very dangerous early. &gt;&gt; Definitely. Now you see him moving into that squid. Pablo going to have uh going to have to have some kind of answer for that. I feel like most modern guys understand the squid really well. It's a really really common guard throughout the competition league uh just because it's so effective at being able to hold these guys who want to loose pass and get a little bit away. But Pablo kind of answering with a little bit of pressure back in. Let's see. One thing I do want to point out early with our ghee matches is one of the modifications is there's one fewer penalty for stalling. Uh so the penalties will go right into giving advantages and then giving points. Uh so you don't kind of have that free penalty just for nothing. And BJ Stars is especially um stringent. &gt;&gt; Stringent is the great word on on the way they issue penalties. Lapel grips that are inactive for longer than 10 seconds are going to receive a penalty. You are here to fight at a professional entertaining level. That is the understanding and the hope. Good grip with that right hand moves him. It moves himself. This is interesting. A squid but with a single leg X. You don't see this every day. I'm excited to see what Matteo Matteo Ruiz does with this. Matteo does an interesting job there of moving his foot outside of the squid. So, he's still got the squid grip, but his left foot is now towards the inside of Pablo's hips. &gt;&gt; If he decides to wrestle up, that's going to become a real This is almost like a waiter. If he decides to wrestle up, that's going to start to become a real helpful grip on that. &gt;&gt; As you say that, he's got &gt;&gt; This is interesting. &gt;&gt; Technically interesting. &gt;&gt; Spider on that uh on that right side as well. &gt;&gt; Let's talk strategy for a minute. Matteo has one advantage. He's down by two points. Are we going to see the IBJJF thing where not the IBJJF thing but the common strategy across all organizations to be honest where he's going to wait until a little bit later try to score then foot coming across not a big deal. &gt;&gt; He lets go with that grip but is able to regain it and this time work it into more of a worm guard style here. &gt;&gt; Yeah, like a modified worm lapel. I wonder how often he plays this or if this is just kind of the position he found himself in. It's interesting. ref trying to clean up the position a little bit, clear out the laundry that's not being too helpful. &gt;&gt; Probably doing a good job of uh controlling Matteo's left sleeve, which might be slowing Matteo down just a little bit here. Matteo now trying to get some action and just a little too late. He's received his first penalty. That's going to give an advantage to Pablo. &gt;&gt; All right. Well, that's going to complicate the uh any thought of being able to just score late potentially. You see Pablo step out and that stall call I feel like really changed the momentum of that exchange and turned it from that static position, put the energy right back in. Honestly, that just did exactly what a stalling call is supposed to do. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. Uh the the the pressure of needing to act really creates opportunities for both these guys. And Pablo now ahead on the board by a penalty is back to his feet. &gt;&gt; I think of underrated form of pressure. People think about pressure they kind of just think about gravity. There's situational pressure and that's as impactful as any other kind that a competitor is able to apply on people. We saw Vagner Hocha last night who's number one main event. Who applies better situational pressure than Vagner Hocha? Putting you in a weird place on the scoreboard and making fight out of there. Uh getting active from this guard again and he's going to need it. He's got two minutes and he's got to score and he's got to score probably in multiple ways, right? Because even if he just sweeps, he loses on that penalty. &gt;&gt; Goes back to the lapel. must be really confident in it because last time it turned into very much a stalling kind of position. You see Pablo doing a lot to kind of square up and stay in front of him not offering the most. &gt;&gt; It's interesting here because Matteo's had a couple of really dangerous looks from his guard that triangle early on. None of that danger really came to be honest. There's not, you know, if he he, you know, he used to plat off that or start to chain into a lower body wrestle up or something uh because he does such a great job of walking the hips up. Uh but then he's just you know to lose the position of trouble. Xgard &gt;&gt; presses up. &gt;&gt; Got to make sure to stay in bounds here. &gt;&gt; Walking back in. He's got to walk backwards with this and try to save the position. Not let this become some kind of just out of bounds. Not get anything. Kind of trips him down. Pablo doing a great job. &gt;&gt; Pablo seemed very &gt;&gt; advantage. Okay, so now it's two-point game. Pablo seemed very confident in that position with his leg hoisted all the way up over uh over Matteo's shoulder and did a good job of just kind of turning what could have been a two-point situation into just an advantage, maintaining his lead and then wisely pulling guard here. &gt;&gt; Uh-huh. Makes it super super tough uh for Matteo to honestly put himself back in this match. Matteo would have loved to have been the first guy to pull guard right there. You could call it a strategic error honestly that he wasn't able to get back to his guard in good time there. Uh and now Pablo has that advantage. He got the sweep earlier. He's going to do a good job to uh try to retain here. &gt;&gt; Now, with 30 seconds left, we get a chance to see the passing game of the Argentinian, but he's going to have to do a lot of dynamic movements here to make anything happen. Uh these these young middleweight black belts have he's got something here with these pants grips. You know, don't don't put it past him too bad. But I think the flexibility of Pablo Oliver just going to be too much. and he's going to be able to get the win here &gt;&gt; off the strength of those two points that he was able to score and then ride out with that advantage. &gt;&gt; So, an early risky takedown is the uh the difference maker &gt;&gt; exchange, right? Yeah, with a little bit of uh you know, you could call controversy because there was that near back take. Is that one continuous takedown in motion? Are we calling that? Uh we're going to have to see it on the replay hopefully. Uh but man, just kind of a crazy match. If you're Matteas Ruiz, I feel like he definitely is going to want that one back a little bit later. So I would love to see that again sometime later on. &gt;&gt; Pablo Olivera moving on to get his hand raised here via two zero victory. Really a lot of the uh the scoring difference happened in Matteo's uh Matteo's lapel guard there. I think held on to it in a way that it was at first beneficial for him, but the moment that he lost a penalty in that position, the entire dynamic of the match seemed to change &gt;&gt; big time. I think that that stalling call really affected the match. I think that that really uh changed how he was playing guard and eventually led to that big exchange. You can see him right now. He's still kind of disbelief how that match was scored. Uh but the you know the referees here there's multiple referees involved or you know came to their conclusion decided that was a take down victory here on the BJ Star. [Music] [Applause] &gt;&gt; Good fight. Some tough guys. Some fresh young black belts. Excited to see how they do this year on the competition scene. Obviously this is the tiny weight class. A super super tough one with a lot of tough guys in it. We're going to hear from Pablo Oliver here in a moment as he receives his award for winning this very tough match. &gt;&gt; Let's take a look at the replay here. This that throw &gt;&gt; and the rolling back take from Matteo ends up as top position for Pablo. That's a tough call for me because the grip broke so much. You know what I mean? It's like if he held on to one grip and it was one continuous takedown, but they call this second effort wrestle up enough originally. Yep. They go advantage in two right there. And that's going to be obviously the deciding point in the match. Here you see Matteo's guard work later on trying to make something happen. He got stuck there in that lapel waiter kind of position for a long time and then ultimately scored that uh penalty. This is right after a really intricate guard there from Matteo, but I think he got just a little too a little too cute with it. Held on to it for too long and he ended up paying the price for it. This was his best effort in the match, but great job here by Pablo to stave off this this takedown attempt, turn it into an advantage only and secure his victory. Man, just great second effort again from Pablo. You see that consistent theme throughout this match is him just making that extra effort to keep the scramble going, win the position, get the points. Great stuff from him throughout. &gt;&gt; We're going to hear from our winnow here, Pablo Olivera, in just a moment. BJ stars. Brazil. Fore speech. How many But I had to die. West Coast RS Pablo Olivera, one of three Carlson Gracie representatives, Carlson Gracie black belts on the event tonight. When we come back, we will see another one of uh another Carlson Gracie Lineage member, Roberto Cyborg, taking on Yatam Bueno to kick off our Nogi Grand Prix. We will be right back. No, Pablo. You're still a super [Music] running. He We are back here at BJ Star 16 where we're going to kick off the Nogi Grand Prix. [Music] Grappling BJJ College. As we kick off our Grand Prix right now, I just want to say for anyone who's watching on the YouTube free live stream, uh thank you so much. The first five matches are available here. The rest of the card will be available exclusively worldwide on Flow Grappling. Uh so anyone who's checking this out, this is our third match. It's going to be this, two more, and then the final uh quarterfinal of the Noki Grand Prix and everything from there on is going to be uh on the site. Check it out there. Really love to have you. You can check the link in our Instagram bio for example if you're looking for a place uh should be able to find it on YouTube as well. Really would like to have you there for the rest of the card. But we have a great one coming up with you Tom Bueno versus Cyborg here. Like I said, I think Cyborg is the man to beat in this, but Bueno is a tank and he is very tough to to handle. Bueno fight, Roberto Cyborg now taking the match. multiple time ADCC world champion, uh multiple time NOGI world champion, and of course 10 years senior of anybody else in this Grand Prix. Roberto is uh is an absolute tank. He's been around the sport for a very long time and uh looking to show prove that he still belongs at the top of the sphere here. 45 years old uh just last year, two medals at the ADC World Championships. Pretty incredible. Uh Cyborg, if there is a tournament or an event out there to win, he's probably won it. Uh definitely a legend in the game. Somebody who is still out here hanging with the young guys and he is hanging with a young tough guy tonight in Yan Bueno first round. It's not a great draw. Yet has won at very high levels and beaten some very very tough guys before. So even though Cyborg has the pedigree, Yan has all the skills to take this match. Here we go. A quick reminder on the scoring here. These are seven minutee matches uh contested in a virtual a pseudo ADCC rule set. Takedowns will count or sorry, points will count at any time. There will be no penalty for guard pulling, but the scoring is under the ADCC rule set. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, basically ADCC points all the time. There's no overtime as well. Uh and they are not going to let people continue to compete out of bounds. If something's going out of bounds, they're going to reset it. Keep it in the in the area. Yetan very active early on. Arm dragon, fainting, moving. If he can keep that pace for for seven minutes, that's going to be tough for Cyborg to deal with. Usually he does a little bit better when you'll meet him kind of at his terms, right-wed hand fights. Cyborg does have this very uh of course fight sport style of wrestling where they're they're pretty uh pretty confident about standing and meeting in the middle and just hand fighting and winning the hand fight first before they start going after attacks &gt;&gt; big time. I wrote an article, it is 2500 words about the technique of Vagner Hocha that is available on the site right now for anybody who wants it as part of the leadup to W29. But a lot of those same principles are expressed in Cyborg's game as well. Obviously, they've trained together for so long, very good friends, very good training partners. Uh, so many of those same principles still apply here, although maybe not the one for one techniques. Yetan all over the place. I feel like Cyborg kind of just accepting it and working his way into things right now. Uh, but if Yatan can get some stalling calls and get the the momentum on his side, that's going to be very very impactful. Like I said, there's a guy who's won at the highest levels. He's won big big matches under IBJJF rule sets. He's competed very well under NOI rule sets. And there you see Cyborg take the guard pull. And the way he laid all the way back, Cory, tells me that he's trying to conserve a little energy right now. &gt;&gt; This is very interesting. I very I cannot recall the last time I saw Cyborg pull guard. &gt;&gt; Not against a really tough guy like this. Wow. Points are active. Points are active. And now Cyborg has to do what he didn't want to do, which is a big explosion there. Good hip blocks in there from Yaton Bueno. He's going to be deep on this sprawl there. Cyborg wrestles back into the position. Big lift from Cyborg. Yet right there again with that front headlock. That was a lot of energy. Two or three really big lifts from Cyborg there in that position. Uh but without much to show for it. Yaton back in on this front headlock. And now they're going to try to reset as well as they can back in the center. It's a four-point for Cyborg and a four-point position where he's on hands and feet and a front headlock for Yaton. &gt;&gt; And Cyborg at 17 years the elder here. I wonder how long he can keep this pace with Yan for now. Interesting to note, Yatan has not had a match in 2025. So, but it does not seem that the uh the Matt Rust is showing at all in this matchup. He hasn't really competed very much. Uh he did like an an AJ match or two last year, but since uh the IBJF Worlds where he did pop positive for steroids, he said it was because of a shoulder injury. And I think that shoulder injury is a lot of what has kept him out. Right, man. Now he's spinning around. if he can get Cyborg's back flat on the mat. I don't think he's going to score, but he's definitely going to be able to keep him here and pin and press for a little while. &gt;&gt; Cyborg very tough under these rule sets. No, nobody has more ADCC experience than Cyborg. He He's one of the few competitors you feel like really really understands the little intricacies of these rules, when he's going to give up two or three, when he's to totally safe to be able to go to his back and not give up anything. But nobody's getting stood up here. There's no not going to be any overtimes. He's going to have to figure things out in in these seven minutes. &gt;&gt; Cyborg doing a good job framing and maintaining his guard here. But Yaton continuing with the pressure. We are at the halfway mark of the match now and Yan seems to be settling down just a bit. &gt;&gt; That's a good call. That's uh uh definitely not keeping the high frenetic pace. And I think uh uh that was going to be really hard for anybody to keep, right? He came out like a house on fire, but he got what he wanted, which is he got to a top position. I I feel like that was what all of that energy was expended for. And then Cyborg kind of conceded it, which surprised me. You don't see that too often. He felt like this was probably going to be the position he could cook the match a little better. Didn't work out. &gt;&gt; Wardrobe issue. Couple deep breaths. &gt;&gt; Yatan moving to his right a lot as he continues to pass. Referee clapping there. Once the action &gt;&gt; looking to favor the outside range mostly for for now. I wonder if there's anything Cyborg is offering that he's looking for, but the referee gives them both a warning for passivity here. Expect to see a little bit of a turn up in pace here. And just as I say that, Yan makes a good effort here to get to the side. Cyborg doing a great job from now of staying up on his elbow to maintain his guard. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I feel like Cyborg needs to put some points on the board. I feel like Cyborg, if this thing goes to a decision, this is not confident for him. But this is exactly what he needed. Now he comes up into that body lock. But Yaton squares up. The size, the strength, the youth becoming an issue. as he rear body locks. Now he's going to look to get something going here. Potential back take in the mix for Yon Bueno if he's able to jump it. Cyborg's not going to go down. Cyborg's going to continue to build height and build base on here and he's not going to continue to to settle into any kind of turtle position. That's my expectation at least. &gt;&gt; Yeah, doing a great job of staying patient from here, not rushing his best opportunity of the match. But this is a position that Cyborg excels from. Cyborg is very hard to to score on in this four-point position, whether it's uh trying to take his back or trying to take him down. He is he's very good at scrambling when he needs to in this position and maintaining this base until he can find a way out. &gt;&gt; 100%. Cyborg's almost like one of those teams who they have great special teams, you know what I mean? Like a football team with great special teams just now. He rolls into a leg. He's going to try to make something happen here from the 50/50. Cyborg is super uh uh you know, once upon a time he was a little bit of a victim of some leg locks. famously, but now he's got a lot of good leg locks in the kid himself. There's a deep inside heel hook. This could come on anytime. Yan, you see, he's kind of biting down. I feel like he's feeling this. He's turning enough. I feel like he's starting to to survive on this. Ah, that is a tough angle on that leg lock. I feel like we could get the tap at any any time. You see Cyborg really selling out on this heel hook. He believes in this and feels like he has something there. The knee is perfectly aligned. Man, this is tough. I don't know if Yana's eating it now. You see his right foot starting to sink in to that elbow. That's actually going to save him a lot. It just slipped. &gt;&gt; Oh, counter counter. &gt;&gt; It still seems to me like Cyborg has the better lock, but he is losing the knee line. &gt;&gt; This is a crazy final closing stretch. You feel like this is the match and Yan's able to slip and wrestle back in. Still no points if somebody's able to figure something out points-wise. But man, that was a really impactful sequence. And I feel like the judges are really going to have a task on their hands after this to be perfectly honest. If nothing happens in these final 30 seconds, you have a deep, deep submission attempt for Cyborg. You have a lot of great work for Yeton positionally, uh, who kind of dominated the wrestling exchanges. Nearly passed the guard on multiple occasions. Cyborg's wrestling up. Cory, we have 10 seconds. I don't know who's about to win this match. And both guys appear content with their effort so far. So that's going to leave it to the hands of the judges as we end up with three seconds left here on the clock. We are going to go to decision. And I've got to tell you, the refs have a the judges have a huge task ahead of them here in deciding who moves ahead in this GP. So what ADCC judges typically look for is initiations. And they I do believe they brought in ADCC referees for this. Uh so it matters more to start an exchange. Maybe if you start an exchange, your opponent counters back, but nobody ends up getting anything. The person who started that is supposed to get a little bit more of the credit. Uh I I I wasn't exactly keeping track of the initiations, but I felt like Yatan did a lot of initiating early, but then obviously there's that super deep submission attempt there. Really exciting finish there. Either way, they've come to a conclusion. Let's find out. The judges have made their decision and it's going to go to upset for Yatan Bueno who picks up the decision win over Cyborg, the double medalist from 2024. The uh sixtime Nogi world champion, the icon, the legend Cyborg just dropped it first round to Yan Bueno. That's a huge win for Yan Bueno, maybe the biggest of his career. &gt;&gt; Showing a dominance and pace here. We're going to take a look at some of his work in just a moment. Man, that got crazy to see Cyborg hyping up the crowd afterwards. Big pass attempt early here. I thought he was going to settle that, but Cyborg did a great job of getting his hips down and coming up with that single leg. And I felt like him having to get into some of those big scrambles and exchanges early was so far out of the game plan. And for a guy who's usually so strategically uh strong, Yon was able to just do that and keep him out of the game plan. Part of that was the size and the strength, and part of that was milking these positions and being able to scramble with him. As you said, Joe, Nat Yetan did a great job of kind of leading the action here. First on the feet where he forced Cyborg to pull and then in the passing game where he f forced Cyborg to scramble up on a number of occasions. Cyborg had his best look here at this heel hook, but even that was kind of a defensive counterattack find. And I think this tow hold for Yatan might have uh might have stolen it a little bit from Cyborg and that Cyborg had the best attack, but Yatan's counter seemed a signal I'm not in any trouble here. I've been dictating this match the whole time and uh at least to convince convince the judges. &gt;&gt; It is a sick counter too, man. I thought he was going to grab this and you see the foot bending and twisting. That's not natural. Cyborg's been a million of these. Uh so he's got some flexibility on the foot, but still you have a guy like Yam Bueno here. You see the hand raise. That's a big win for him. He's moving into the semi-finals. He's going to take on the winner of Heaisamita and Eli Braz in the next round. We're going to see that match up here in just a minute. That's an enormous shakeup in this bracket that I feel like for a lot of people looking at that bracket, looking at that half, they had Cyborg in the finals. Not the case tonight. &gt;&gt; When we come back, it is Javier Zeruski versus the lightest man in the division, the Hokagi Fabricio Andre. We will be right back with BJ Star 16. We are back at Beed Star 16 in S Paulo. Coming up next, the second match in the Nogi Grand Prix. This one will be Javier versus Fab for Andre. [Music] Beindo Javier Zaruski Javier IBJJF noi world champion in 2023 with a crazy submission rate at the time over Tour that was absolutely wild from his guard. He has an incredible submission rate. Uh uh he has boasted at times the the highest submission rate in the sport. Kind of depending him and a couple of guys I think kind of uh move in and out of that first spot. But this guy's a finisher. He finishes fights. He takes on uh uh the the task of being a guy who goes out there and closes the show as often as possible. He's got a really tough task for him tonight. The Uruguayan Zeruski ADCC veteran won a match win one and one at the 2024 ADCC Worlds. He is a dark horse here in this division. The uh product as he is now. Athletic guy aliens. Fabricio Andre taking the mat. The smallest man in the division by by quite a bit, but making his walk down to the mat here. and uh no stranger to absolute matches. He's taken on several big and even ultra heavyweight opponents in his career and uh looking to take off one here in Javier Zerooi. &gt;&gt; Yes, he knows Javier uh they're actually I think friends a little bit but while Fabricio may be the smallest in stature, he's far from far from the smallest in spirit. Fabricio is an incredible competitor. He's so uh uh intense as he competes. His judo, his takedowns are absolutely incredible. His passing is some of the most beautiful you're going to see in the world. His overall jiu-jitsu is some of the most beautiful you'll see in the world. Seeing him here tonight with a speed advantage is going to be really, really interesting. Zeroosi coming out there to put the hands on him. And I think that is the right move. Get size, get weight, get hands on this dude so he starts to slow down a little bit as time goes on. But man, Fabricio so quick, so tough. &gt;&gt; Fabricio is a as tough as any there are to submit. But Zerooki here not looking for a decision win. I'm sure he's uh keep looking to keep that submission uh submission streak alive. Zerooki in his black belt career has a 91% submission rate. &gt;&gt; I think that is number one. Uh uh I I do believe it's absolutely incredible to be able to say you finish 91% of your fights as a black belt. Totally nuts. Zerooki is a killer. Oh, ankle pick. And now Fabricio wrestles in again. He's not going to end up getting it, but amazing ankle pick there to be able to take that exchange. And it shows you just how dangerous he is as he comes back to center looking to make it happen again. &gt;&gt; That ankle pick is something of a specialty of Fabricio Andre. I had the pleasure of of training with with Fabricio down in Sa Paulo and the only thing he wanted to show me, the only thing he wanted to do to me was that ankle pick. Um he is absolutely incredible with that technique. &gt;&gt; You'll see him go behind the back. You see him there go backhand with it. Yeah, he's an ankle pick monster. &gt;&gt; Even looking for the wrist snap there, which is something else that he likes to break out from time to time. &gt;&gt; Was that a wrist snap? I thought he was going backhand on the ankle pick, but it was he was trying to wheel it around. I see &gt;&gt; there again. &gt;&gt; Watch out for the flying locks, too. It looks like he might be setting up a a flying arm bar flying triangle. Something that he likes to do, especially when the opponent is defending the uh the the ankle pick. &gt;&gt; The 2024 submission of the year belonged to Fabricio Andre. It was the flying armbar that he hit at South American trials last year. Zerooi wrestling back into the position, stops reacting and starts acting, starts trying to get this match back on his terms rather than letting Friio dart around like a little cheetah. &gt;&gt; One thing that seems to be paying dividends here for Friio is the low head position. Now he's naturally got the low head position, right? But Zerooki is doing a better job here staying low. He's not. What was clutch there was the wrist grip to be able to keep Javier from posting and that's what let him run that circle with the leg and get him down. I think like you said about the low head position is definitely true, but Zerookuski is starting to pick up on that and that's why you're starting to see so many front headlocks. He's taking advantage of that and now he's he's being that world class black belt seeing the openings that are coming and taking them. the more he puts that front headlock on. Eventually, he's going to be able to circle to the back or get something going from a guillotine perspective or a dar perspective. &gt;&gt; As you say that, we see another attempt here to front headlock. &gt;&gt; Double collar ties. That's so the game plan now. He's double collar tying. He's all about that head pressure at this point. &gt;&gt; Very. &gt;&gt; Look at that. That wrist control here again by Fabricio. Look using that right hand kind of neck post and the left hand wrist control. This is telltale for me that he might throw something up. My only suspicion is that he might not want to be on his back against Zeruski who probably has close to 70 pounds. &gt;&gt; That's a lot of weight coming down on you. It's one thing to throw it on Felipe Machado with that body weight. It's the second thing with &gt;&gt; this guy's two Felipe Machado, you know what I mean? So, it's a it's a different health and safety calculation, but man, Fabricio is such a wild man. You just never put it past him with something like that. &gt;&gt; Fabricio has had a lot of success on the BJJ Stars scene before. Obviously, a BJ Stars 15. He won that Grand Prix that was down at lightweight 155 pounds. Some of these guys, it wouldn't shock me if was genuinely 100 pounds heavier than that tonight. Uh but you know, he was taking on such world class opponents that I don't put any of this past him. He took on Mroom there. That was a great fight. &gt;&gt; Both of these guys relatively inactive in the 2025 season. Fabricio had three matches in total. He competed and lost his first match at Worlds, but then had a great performance at AIGA just a month ago where he hit among his submissions auluv stretch. Insane uh uh Friio big hip toss there, but a couple deep breaths. [Applause] He went deep with that Osi attempt, that big major hip throw. If if he was able to hit that, that was going to be an absolutely insane takedown. But Zeruski a little bit too much human being to let that happen. He was able to sink his hips and that was a big big energy expenditure for Fabricio. We were talking about a little bit like with that in the last match with the age, but size is as much of a an energy expenditure factor as anything. &gt;&gt; It's incredible to see uh Fabricio go for these big throws, especially on bigger opponents. Correct me if I'm wrong. I believe he hit an Osi like that on Kan Dwarte last year at the Polaris event. &gt;&gt; You're right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That was a crazy event. He took on Owen Livy first round who's an enormous uh judoka out of the UK I believe uh who went for that uh uh Pawuchi Puchi and then he was able to beat Chan Carlo and then he took on Kynan in a very tough fight. Zerooki working to the body lock. It's a hip battle now. Both these guys have something to to work with here where Zeruski has this body lock and he's going to try to use his hips to wrestle him down. But that over hook in that whizzer kick of Friio is going to complicate the position. And now you see Friio take the hook all the way inside and try to trip his way on top. &gt;&gt; We're going to see Fresio leg here or might he default to trying to pass the guard. &gt;&gt; Zerooki also able to climb to the back of course, but yeah, it feels like a leg lock might be the key here. Fabricio now behind and he's got a body lock because does a great job of squaring back up now. &gt;&gt; Just hard for Fabricio to settle a position. You know what I mean? &gt;&gt; As Arusi starts to get more aggressive, I wouldn't be surprised to see more Kawuchi attempts from Fabricio. We mentioned the ankle pick a lot, but the Kawuchi is another specialty of his, especially when his opponent starts to charge down. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. Zerooki taking a couple of deep breaths now. He's got two minutes left. He's usually in really good shape. I think he's just kind of saving up, you know, for for a couple big changes that are happening here. And also, this is such an unusual match for him, you know what I mean? How often is he in a match where he has this kind of size advantage? Not often compared to Fabricio, who is in these matches somewhat often. Absolutely incredible. Her goshi there from Fabricio Andre who ends up on top is going to pick up the two points for the takedown. &gt;&gt; I believe four points for a clean take down. take down into side control. &gt;&gt; Absolutely insane takedown from Fabricio Andre the Hokag just lit the building up at BJJ stars with that four-point throw against Javier Zeruski. That was insane. That is the kind of action that only a guy like Fabricio Andre with these kind of unique physical skills and just the unique personality, the crazy guy that he is. And there's a second hip toss and now he is going to be able to pin position. Jeruski I feel like really went for it there and it did not play out. Fabricio Andre throws it all the way to Mount. There's eight points and he is going to be in great shape to win this match with 45 seconds left. &gt;&gt; Another clean take down. And Joe, I got to say it's I know this is a hybrid ADCC rule set, but you don't very often see eight points scored uh in an ADCC rules match, especially when all eight points came from takedowns. &gt;&gt; Unbelievable, man. Both of those takedowns. That's why you love Fabricio Andre. He creates moments like that. Uh Zerooki obviously so quality that he could make something happen here in these last 43 seconds. But Fabricio Andre is absolutely a contender to win this bracket. And like I said, you seeki get right back up to his feet. He's not going to be content with just giving this up here. He's looking at the clock. He knows he's got to make something happen. And I think as he opens up, there's going to be another chance for Fabricio to do something else, right? So, there's going to be we're going to have an interesting last end of this match. I believe &gt;&gt; as somebody who's biased to featherweight jiu-jitsu, and I'll say that's I am certainly biased towards featherweight jiu-jitsu. I love to see featherweights with great takedowns. Uh people like me, who we're going to see later, Fabricio Andre playing the takedown game is just so rewarding to watch. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. And there you see Zerooi. He is able to get that takedown and that is going to score him a couple of points here. It's not going to be enough with 11 seconds left. uh Fabrici is going to win this match. But you see the level of competitor that Zeruski is. He refused to just let that happen and go out that way. He's going to continue to go out, continue to try to score, continue to try to make something happen here in the smash pass position. You see Fricio hold on. The Hokag gets it done and moves on to the semifinals with a crazy performance marched by two incredible takedowns. &gt;&gt; And he gets a standing ovation here in Sa Paulo uh with the win over the Urguan. &gt;&gt; He will take on the winner of Devonte Johnson and Pedro Mourinho next round. Now he's going to get a chance to get to the back, see these guys, get a good rest, and come back out really well loaded for this second round against a smaller guy. Both those guys are smaller than Zerooi. This was an enormous, literally an enormous test here in the first round for him. So I think next round might be an even more manageable match. Man, is Frisio about to win this thing? Curious to see how well he recovers. the the one maybe the biggest detriment he might have to face is, &gt;&gt; you know, pushing that that weight around in one match is challenging. &gt;&gt; Pushing pushing that weight around in three matches is incredibly difficult. But Fricio will move on to face the winner of Bones and Pedro Mourinho. That will be coming up soon. We're going to take a look at a replay here in just a moment and what is clearly going to be a judo highlight from Andre. I have a new working theory about Fabricio that when he comes out to Hokag music to Naruto music he is literally unbeatable. &gt;&gt; That's my new working theory. &gt;&gt; Going early with that ankle pick. &gt;&gt; Starts with some wrestling looking at the ankle pick and the single leg. &gt;&gt; And Zerooki's wrestling a lot of these positions really well. But you see Frisio with that wrist control is able to just spin underneath of him and uh whirl him around. I believe this is it. Let's take a look. This was one of the earlier attempts at it. And this is that hip toss. &gt;&gt; Here was the second Osi that nearly ended up on top. But then coming up in just a moment, I'm sure we'll take a look at that big big hip toss that put him in top position and scored him four points. This was the trip backwards. Man, there's so much action in this match. Both guys really kind of laid it on the line here, which I really appreciate there. &gt;&gt; Here's the Harai. &gt;&gt; Got that hit position with the deep under hook. stepped through, ripped it, &gt;&gt; then a big uchima to finish things off here in mount for uh another four points. Fabricio is going to win this match 8-2 and move on in this Grand Prix. &gt;&gt; See the crowd going nuts for that as well. They should showing his appreciation back. He is somebody who always feels the energy of the crowd. I'm really excited to see what he can do next round. When we come back, the uh the matchup between Hea versus Eli Braz here in the BJ Stars Nogi Grand Prix. We will be right back. I'mma do a full three. We're back with BJ Stars in Sao Paulo. Uh, coming up next will be Highamita versus Eli Braz in the No Gee Absolute Grand Prix. [Music] We haven't seen much of Hea in 20 25 of course the Ghan who spent some time in Japan but he is down here in Brazil now to take on Eli Braz making the walk definitely a unique guy in jiu-jitsu. Uh somebody who is most well known for that highlight uh submission over Cyborg, of course, but has shown great things throughout his career. Went one and one at the last ACC championships as he has the last few times. He's he's an elite heavyweight uh who's always delivered some exciting action. Uh most closely uh uh related to B team, although he trains all over the place at this point. &gt;&gt; Just want to take a second to remind everybody, I believe this is our fifth match of the evening. It's our final match of the YouTube live stream. If you guys want to get over to flowgrappling.com, you're going to be able to watch all the matches tonight, all the semi-finals and finals of the Noi Grand Prix, all the title fights that are coming up tonight. That is the best uh uh super fight show that happens in Brazil. It's absolutely incredible. You guys aren't going to want to miss it. Flowgrappling.com if you want to take a look. Eli Braz, the CJI veteran and the ADCC uh uh South American trial second place winner, taking the mat now. Eliza St. got a chance to watch him at uh the ADCC trials last year where he made the finals against Henrik Sakonei. He was super aggressive. There's a guy who I believe he trains a lot with Felipe Penug, right? Uh and you know he's getting a lot of high quality training there. He's being super aggressive here. He has that crazy dog mentality of going after and trying to be rabid. And I think he's going to try to make his physicality the story. He using that over hook which is one of the positions he's best at. Heisim with a deep judo background which heavily influences style uh his style to this day. &gt;&gt; You do not want to want to be messing around too much on the feet with Hea Rita. He's got some phenomenal takedowns especially when it comes to judo. Uh we've seen him put plenty of people through the mat with some big big big throws. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. I feel like this is a good strategy for Eli. I feel like when I've seen Heaim uh struggle, it's been with guys who get in his face and really push him uh uh and make it kind of an ugly match. But when he's able to Yeah. make it a little bit more exchangebased uh and kind of pick his spots a little bit better. I feel like then he can kind of end up looking incredible. He can look like one of the absolute top two or three heavyweights on the planet. &gt;&gt; Hi Samarita. Three years a senior in this match. He turned he turned 20, excuse me, 32 yesterday. Eli Braz at 29. So virtually same age. &gt;&gt; Pretty close. &gt;&gt; Happy birthday to high cancer season. Oh, good counter taked down from Heaisam. Rita lands on top. Eli trying to turn and not give up points here. One hook. &gt;&gt; You know, we've seen Heisum have some of his best success with &gt;&gt; across the face. &gt;&gt; Too aggressive on the wrestling with him. And you see here nearing the back take &gt;&gt; trouble. This end. This is deep trouble. There's the points are going to come in because and that we're going to get the finish here. Rita closes the show and Eli Braz upset with himself but man Heisum with an incredible sequence there to wrestle back into that position take the back secure the choke. Heisa moves back into the semifinals. Let that be a note to all the heavyweights out there. Do not shoot on Heisum Rita. Some of his biggest highlights of his career have come with people too aggressive in the wrestling uh with with &gt;&gt; Heisum. He hyping up the crowd &gt;&gt; and he gets the support from the Brazilian crowd. &gt;&gt; Incredible submission. Add another one to the highlight reel of Heisen Rita gets it done. Like I said, for everybody who wants to head over to flowgrappling.com, you'll see the rest of the card including Yatam Bueno taking on Hea Rita here in the semi-finals. One of those two men will be in the finals with a chance to win 100,000 AI. Eli Braz all respect after the match. He love to see it. Uh man, incredible incredible performance there. Glad we got to see a submission here in the Nogi Grand Prix early. &gt;&gt; Eli will be back. I'm definitely confident in that. But right now, Heis continues to prove why he is a worldranked heavyweight. One of the best guys around. He is going to be a threat to win this once he gets rolling. He is very tough to deal with. &gt;&gt; Here you see some of that early work from Heisum. I feel like his over hooks look great here. There he's looking to step around. Eli continuing to push and continuing to get in his face and try to wrestle into him. Was not able to get that double leg. He lifts him up, pulls him up into a chest to chest, throws him down. Eli gives the back. And from there, he like a an anaconda. Boyoa, as they would say, able to sink in deeper and deeper and deeper on this choke. There's the hooks. You see the angle here where that choke is going to get crossed up. He is going to cinch it in right there. Put the squeeze on it. It's just a matter of time. Is gets it done. Gets hits him with the two small after. Brutal Heis. He's going to move on. He is going to take on, as we said, Yatam Bueno. That is a very tough matchup. The first two uh first time those two guys have met. Uh we are real thankful that you guys are are here. Like I I've been talking about this is the end of the YouTube live stream coming up. Everything going to be available behind the payw wall on flowgrappling.com. Some awesome awesome fights coming up including Mer taking on Lao Souza, Anna Rodriguez taking on Julia Alves, Fia Crabar's G debut at Blackfell taking on Toledita. Going to be awesome. that was action. Stop wizard. [Music] Fighting fighting [Music] fight tonight. [Music] We're back at BJ Star 16 for the final quarterfinal of the Nogi Grand Prix between Devonte Johnson and Pedro Mourinho. [Music] Devont Johnson. Welcome. &gt;&gt; Bones. Devonte Johnson taking a walk down to the mat. Uh competing here in front of a an away audience, the American walking onto the Brazilian stage here in Salo. Dvonte's actually been a guy who's gone down to compete at Britney in Brazil since he was purple belt. I remember him being a purple belt Brazilian nationals champion. Uh I believe in the ghee. So been around a long time, has a ton of experience. I believe has really turned a corner in this last like 18 months or so. Uh you know, we could point to perhaps the the birth of his daughter as kind of an inspiring incident for him. Uh cuz he's looked incredible since then with a ton of great submissions. He just looked great at Dya against Lucas Lera. I'm really excited to see how he does here. He's absolutely a tank. Look how big and strong Dvonte Johnson is in 2025. This dude knows where the weight room is. My god. &gt;&gt; But man, to me, this this is the the toughest quarterfinal match. When I look at these two guys, I think that these are uh the two guys who this match might end up being a lot of collar ties. I'll be honest. But I think if these guys get into a good groove, these guys can deliver some incredible incredible action. Benzindu Pedro Marinho &gt;&gt; and his opponent Pedro Mourinho the reigning who's number one light heavyweight champ taking a walk now to the mat in Sa Paulo of course fighting out of Bellarizand Brazil Pedro has some of the best wrestling in the business especially the best counter wrestling in the business and do not sleep on his guillotines he makes any of his opponent's shots a real danger and can catch a neck at any moment. &gt;&gt; When I say when I see Pedro being very aggressive, he seems unbeatable. For example, when he went double gold at no worlds with a ton of submissions over, including over very tough guys like Victor Hugo and Cyborg, he looked incredible. Uh, but since then has beat a lot of tough guys like John Carlo, like Craig Jones. These two guys look like they're about to bring some serious energy. &gt;&gt; And you can see &gt;&gt; Damonte also a big anime fan. I feel like all the anime talk between WO and then Hokag winning, he's feeling it. These guys are feeling it. The anime boys are coming to take over. You can see the aggression in Pedro's eyes right now. He looks like he's on uh some of that real that real Pedro Pada energy. &gt;&gt; What I really like about Pedro is uh just being around the sport, working in the sport. Pedro truly is a guy who will take on anyone. You know what I mean? He there's a lot of guys who say it and a lot of guys who mean it, but you know, when those contracts come due, maybe the signature isn't always there with Pedro. He will genuinely take on any challenge. Uh and I I really appreciate that about him. And this is a rule set he seems to thrive under. Uh any any rule set where uh takedowns are heavily rewarded. &gt;&gt; Little headbutt there. Little duck under the referee's going to step in and and uh clean things up. But Dvonte no danger no stranger to uh uh some collision, some headbutt and training out of that unity room. He's definitely seen some uh some tough days. &gt;&gt; And I feel like both of these guys really thrive in chippy matches. &gt;&gt; Yes. Speaking of Chippy, &gt;&gt; and if you are Matt side at this match, that is just going to keep happening. I'm going to let you know right now. We're going to go off this mat a few times, right? Uh &gt;&gt; because for these guys, it's it's about setting a tone. It's about setting a physicality uh and kind of owning the mat and being the alpha in that way. I think that's really important to both of these guys' styles to kind of establish himself as the big strong guy on the mat. Great single leg from Pedro. I love seeing it. Doesn't like it in ejects, but I like seeing Pedro take these kind of risks early. I want to see a lot more of that. &gt;&gt; And some of what Pedro does, honestly, you can see kind of by the posture in his hips, the way he's leaning back, he'll take those snatch single shots as a way to not necessarily taunt, but bait his opponent into into taking their own shot where they leave their neck very well exposed to his best weapon, that guillotine. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. He has that ultimate uh joker card, right, where anytime you shoot on him, there's a 50-50 chance that you just end the match tapping out right there. Uh which makes it very very difficult to to really open up. &gt;&gt; You see Marillo Santana there in the corner of Devonte Johnson. &gt;&gt; You can also hear him. He has the deepest voice in the world. And anytime you hear a very deep voice during this match, it's probably Merilla. &gt;&gt; Sly by attempt. I'm I'm seeing more duck attempts. I'm seeing more slide by attempts from Pedro, which I really like to see. Uh uh not just waiting for people to shoot in on him, but him being the guy to take it to him. &gt;&gt; Two minutes down in the match, we are still on the feet here looking for the first takedown of the match. Uh some the collar ties are getting just a tad heavier. It looks like Joe. &gt;&gt; Collar tie heavy match. &gt;&gt; This is more of that uh that baiting that taunting that Pedro loves to play. All he wants is for Dvonte to shoot a single on him. &gt;&gt; Underrated mind games guy. Pedro Mourinho, &gt;&gt; you'll start to see him start chasing Dvonte back to the center, too, as the match goes on. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Big body language kind of guy, right? All that time. &gt;&gt; But I feel like Dvonte needs to open up right back at him. You know what I mean? Especially Devonte is a guy who's been kind of calling for some WO opportunities. Man, you got the W champ right in front of you if you if he's able to come out here and put on &gt;&gt; great double attack there &gt;&gt; and some more taunting. &gt;&gt; Here's what I mean. stalking back to the center of the match, the center of the mat. &gt;&gt; If Dvont is able to come out here and like potentially submit Pedro, that's going to send a huge shock wave through the WO rankings as well. &gt;&gt; Speaking of WO, Pedro seems to be a student of the Vagner Roach School of Martial Arts as far as the uh the body language here. And here's a shot. And Pedro, no surprise, on a front headlock, but decides to turn to the back here. &gt;&gt; Spin to the back. Let's see if Devonte decides to build heighter if he's going to fight the turtle. Patrick looks really good today &gt;&gt; on a body lock now. Had a hook for a moment. Decided to let that go in favor of the rear body lock. Feel like Dvonte is the bigger naturally bigger man. Uh but Pedro, man, he is just somebody who's able to impose such physical strength on these guys, he's got to be pound-for-pound one of the strongest guys around because even though he is the 205 pound champion, he's really not a 205. He's kind of a 185er who just moves up and takes on everybody. &gt;&gt; It's hard to beat his physicality, too. He really likes to bully people around the map. &gt;&gt; You see uh Devonte wrestle back into that position and he's able to clear. Great work from Devonte Johnson to get things back working. &gt;&gt; Past the halfway point here. Pedro seems to be certainly on the initiative, but no score on the board yet. &gt;&gt; Man, he is aggressive. Capital A aggressive tonight. You see that duck to the right side is something I think he's clearly been working on. Pedro the Gracie Baja boy been representing them proudly for years here in the state of Texas opening up his ownmies uh really growing his student base. Devonte with his own school out in New Jersey now is still training professionally under Professor Marilo Santana in New York City. Unity just uh having their 10th anniversary. I heard the training was unbelievable. I heard it was so brutal. uh which is only fitting. &gt;&gt; Pedro's got quite the resume as far as the the uh athletes he's competed against, won against. Um he's had matches with Cyborg, who we saw earlier tonight. Uh he had a match, he won a match in the Nogi World Championship against Victor Hugo. That was a major milestone win for him. He's beat John Carlo Bodoni. He's beaten Craig Jones. had a uh less than favorable match, let's call it, against Gordon Ryan, but there are very few who survive a match against uh against the uh multiple time ADC Super Bowl champ. &gt;&gt; True. &gt;&gt; Great forward pressure. Still stalking forward from Pedro Mourinho. &gt;&gt; And another snatch single here. &gt;&gt; I I think Devonte's feeling a little frustrated. He just took a look at the clock. He's got to know that he's got to put more serious offense on Pedro. Whether that means shooting, whether that means dragon arms, snapping down. It's hard to snap Pedro, by the way, because he stands so tall, which is more of that just strong guillotine. See the same sequence, but just a little bit faster there. And Dvont's got to find a way to escape this and get back to a neutral position if he wants to find some ways to fire off some of these attacks. And again, Pedro kind of toggling between setting one hook in on the back and uh reverting to a rear body lock. Looks like he's uh hoping to get Dvonte a little more stretched out before he finalizes the back take here. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's playing a little ky tried to trip him backwards. &gt;&gt; Backside trip. &gt;&gt; Pedro very confident here in this match. You can see based on some of the attacks he's offering, based on the way he's uh playing to the judges, playing to the crowd. And as you mentioned earlier, Joe, when Pedro is on, he is very hard to beat. Incredibly. So remember, the winner of this match will be taking on Fricio Andre. That's going to be a super super tough match uh for either one of these guys, but I I I feel like a dynamic one either way. We're in for a good show with that. [Music] Last minute of action here in the match between Pedro Marino and Dvate Johnson. There is nothing on the score if it remains so. Oh, &gt;&gt; referee checking on him. &gt;&gt; Rough little incidental headbutt. Devonte looked like he was ready to press on. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he loo he looked pretty with it pretty much immediately, right? Like maybe just kind of lost his balance a little bit uh uh on the exchange. Flying arm bar attempt. Pedro Mourinho clearly motivated to come put on a show tonight, but with a lot of time left, he went for that, right? And now we're getting into a deep scramble. He ends up on top in North South. Crazy. That's quite a risk to take in the final moment of action here. Uh but clearly it paid off for him. He's got probably his best guillotine look of the match. Uh but for a moment there, he was in some jeopardy. &gt;&gt; Absolutely he was. I think that uh Pedro came out here to put on a show. I love seeing this kind of action from him, this kind of mentality from him because when he's doing this, he's so fun to watch. We just watch one of these guys throw a flying arm bar. We thought it was going to be Fabricio throwing the flying arm bars. Working the finish till the very end. He does not come up with it and the score ends up 000 tied at the the end of the action, but it seems pretty clear which way the the judges are going to go on this one. &gt;&gt; Action was a little one way in terms of offense. There's a lot of good kind of in between, but man, Pedro Mourinho looked like an absolute killer in that matchup. I think he's going to be the one moving on taking on Fabricio Andre next round. Two really, really tough guys. The body language also would suggest such decisions in Marinho. Pedro Mourinho is going to get the nod from the judges and move ahead to take on Fabricio Andre in the next round of this BJJ Stars Nogi Absolute Grand Prix. We're going to take a look at a replay in just a minute here. &gt;&gt; This is a great version of the Poa Boy. This is him really going after it, really attacking, looking for the finish. A lot of respect after the match between everybody. &gt;&gt; Uh man, to me the story here is just that physical might of Pedro Mourinho combined with a little bit more action and intention. What a what a killer. This is a pound-for-pound level kind of guy that we're talking about. This is the guy that we thought we were going to uh you know be seeing the ADCC finals. There's a reason that we were so high on him coming into that tournament. Uh and now he just gets it done here in the first round. &gt;&gt; Pedro all action, all intensity, all pace here using that snatch single on multiple occasions and especially countering shots into front headlocks. No surprise. What was a surprise though is his pursuit of the back off of those front headlocks. didn't score in any of those occasions, but definitely took control of the match. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you see there that little collision there in the middle and there you see that jump into the arm. It's late. It's slippery, but he's still going for it. Devonte giving all his power on this double unders trying to make something happen late. But this uh this was the best scramble of the match by far. You see almost kind of like an octopus guard wrestle up and Pedro really excited to come up on top in that position. He understands how important that was. Let's take a look at this again, Cory. And Pedro doing a great job of getting into the armpit. Uh using it to switch his hips and just kind of uh move Devonte back to the bottom position. And right there he knows he's taking the match. The Grand Prix will continue on. But first, we're returning to the ghee matches here at BJ Stars where up next Sergio Hi will take on Luis Marquez. We'll be right back. Spotting.