Kind: captions Language: en Amen. &gt;&gt; Lillian and Sabrina. Mhm. And then we also have uh if that one were to end early, 10 is a good match. Um we also have 14 is going to be really important in about 20 minutes, at 20 minutes into the competition. Elizabeth Clay and Sarah Galvao. Yeah, so 14 fight three. Three and four. No, she's going to fight the winner of fight one. Yep, and then also um fight three on mat nine. The It starts out where we have a lot of options. Okay. And I can always hit Okay. Yep. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Hello. Good to see you. Good morning. &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; Morning. Good morning. We are live at the 2026 IBJJF Pan Jiu-Jitsu Championships in Kissimmee, Florida at the Silver Spurs Arena. My name's Daniel [music] D'Anna. I'm here with Kendall Reusing. Got some open class black belt action to kick off the day. [music] This is going to be be a really nice event and really great fights coming up. Once again, back in Florida here. I'm super excited. It's been an incredible pan week already. I've been catching [music] the action before I got into town, but nothing says pans or a major tournament like this like the black belt open class. This is definitely some of the most exciting [music] moments of the tournament because we get to kind of see new stars come in, some of our main names, and we get to see how these brackets going to shape up throughout the weekend. So, super fun to be here for the start of the day. Day four of the pans, day one of the black belts. Black belts will compete today and tomorrow. So, your black belt open class matches will be on mats 9 through 14. To kick off the day, we are going to start over on mat 9. We've got Sabrina Souza and Lillian Marchand about to take the mats. And you were telling me Danny earlier that the black belt women's open classes really I mean, there's a lot of exciting brackets we could dive into, but it was specifically the black belt women's open class. What are some of the things that you were looking forward to potentially shaping up? Yeah, there's so many potential matches that I would really, really like to see. The winner of this match will face Gabrielle Pessanha, who's been so dominant in the absolute divisions. We also have Elizabeth Clay, we have Sarah Galvao. I think maybe potentially a rematch from the European absolute final between Sarah and Gabrielle could be really interesting. Of course, I already mentioned Elizabeth Clay. She was in the absolute final of the Abu Dhabi Worlds. Expecting her to do Welcome to day four of the 2026 Pans IBJJF Jiu-Jitsu Championship. The fights may now begin. We're going to kick it off on mat 9, Sabrina Souza Lillian Marchand. And day four of the Pans is underway. Always such a fun energy when the matches get started here in the morning. Oh, wow. I wonder if that will be a foot sweep or a guard pull there. I'm not sure if the points went up. &gt;&gt; the points went up. So, it's two for for Sabrina to kick the match off. Really nice timing as Lillian pulled to the closed guard. You can see Lillian, she opens her guard and she she's angling off. She has such a great like attacks from the side of the closed guard. She's trying to control Sabrina's left arm here and drag it across. And so, even though her guard was open, she was anchoring down in with her calf to kind of keep the posture broken and take control. We're going to see a relatively new black belt. Got her black belt in mid-2025. She's already done really well at her new rank. Won the 2025 Nogi Worlds. Looked really impressive at that event. She'll also be competing in the middleweight division later on today. Again, great sleeve control here from Lillian. She uses that to drag the arms across and kind of always keep you off balance. Sabrina's able to stand up, open the guard. Beautiful sweep by Lillian Marchand, sitting up, passing the sleeve under the leg. Tying this match up at two. She's in a really, really good passing position. Now, stepping over into the three-quarter mount. Great work from Lillian Marchand. Staying heavy on top. Yeah, Lillian really picking up speed here now. Look at how she has the sleeve. She had the sleeve there with her left hand of Sabrina's left arm and now Sabrina's trying to keep that quarter guard here. You can see she's squeezing her legs together, keeping that ankle secure. But the difficulty pair is that even with that foot intact, there's still a lot of damage that can be done from the top position as she starts to set up this arm triangle. Not only is she going to be more likely to be able to pass due to the threat of the submission, but also once she does pass, she's in such a strong position to finish. She actually can finish there from the quarter guard, too. Wow. Passes into mount. Three for the pass, four for the mount. Now, 9 to 2. Sabrina does a good job getting back to the quarter guard. But Lillian seems really intent on working those elbows up above the shoulder. Now, doing it on Sabrina's right arm. And that's one of the very frustrating things about dealing with someone dominant on top like this is you think that you have a a space for a moment and some reprieve for a moment when you put the foot back in closed guard, but as long as Lillian does a good job of keeping the arms over the head, which she has been doing. Oh, I think she actually finished there. Wasn't quite able to see that. But she could have had the arm triangle finish or not sure if there was maybe an Ezekiel that came into play. Yeah, I couldn't see the exact finish, but it looked like there was a ton of pressure, so That alone can do it sometimes. Yeah, that's for sure. So, Lillian gets the submission over Sabrina to kick off the black belt female open class. We're going to head over to mat 10. And with that win for Lillian, she moves on to a match with Gabrielle Pessanha. That'll be on mat 9 shortly. We're on mat 11, it looks like with one London Horn and Guilherme Cipriano. Oh, now we've switched over. Here we go, mat 10. Here we go, mat 10. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Francisco Papasidero of AOJ on bottom, Gavin Sawyer of Gracie Barra on top. Gavin trying to balance here in this single leg X position, doing a good job staying staying on top. And he's leading the match by two advantages. Well, obviously we didn't see the first couple minutes of the of the match here, but Papasidero doing a great job trying to off balance. Gavin locks him down to his hand here. It won't be two points unless he comes all the way up on top. But now as he tries to switch off to the wrestle up here and he has both legs secured together there with his hands. He does come up and take top position. Gavin came right to this quad pod position on his feet, but not soon enough because the two points were awarded before Gavin was able to pop up off of his knees, it looks like. Papasidero jumps over, tries to get one hook. Now, he gets Gavin down to the turtle position. You can see Gavin's right hand on that on that leg. He's going to use that to try to turn and face. Papasidero. Papasidero uses his left foot to then hook Gavin's right leg. Knock him back down, keep him on his knee. But Gavin's doing a good job with that hand on the knee here. It prevents Francisco from being able to go all the way around and and start to get his hooks in in a more rear turtle position. But look at how Papasidero is also now I think he passed the he has the lapel with his right hand. The collar, excuse me, with his right hand. And I think he had the lapel for a moment with his left. Trying to get all the way behind, but Gavin trying to continue to stay square. His goal right now is to try to turn and face Francisco. So, he's trying to turn and get square with him again. And Francisco Oh! Starts to roll through here. Oh, right as they go out of bounds, Francisco picks up that leg and brings him back in. Francisco reaching for that far left leg of Gavin. Has the lapel grip, fed to his left hand. Gavin turns, puts his hands on the mat. One hook for Papasidero. Gavin's trying to get his back flat to the mat. Papasidero changes sides, now has a better angle. Two more points for Francisco Papasidero. Good job by Gavin. Getting out of that position, ends up on top. Two minutes left in this black belt absolute match here at the 2026 Pan Jiu-Jitsu Championships. Francisco Papasidero leads Gavin Sawyer by six points. Papasidero's been really active in competition in 2026, traveling all over the US competing in IBJJF Opens. His consistency Consistency has definitely paid off. He's done so well. His game has gotten so much better these past few months competing in and winning both his weight class and the absolute. Gavin's got that left hand on the far pant leg. He's looking to pass. Oh, he might be able to force Papasidero to turtle there, but that lasso of uh Francisco's left leg controlling that arm. And oh, he comes over for a loop choke. This could be on, but Gavin starts to rotate through. Papasidero earns an advantage there. Man, for a second it looked like Francisco had some I'm sorry, Gavin had some access to the chest-to-chest connection there, but due to Francisco's choke That was a pretty nice counter to the to the guard pass attempt. Yeah, well-timed. Always nice to throw that on too when you're up in a points lead, right? Because the risk is not quite as high as it could be, so Just 40 seconds here left in this match. Gavin looks to shoot in. Francisco does a great job keeping him at bay. There's really not much for Francisco to worry about here with just 30 seconds left in a six-point lead. Even if Gavin does take him down here, he's going to have a heavy lead and not too much time for anything else to change. Of course, we've seen it happen. We've seen submissions come on in the last 30 seconds, but Oh, Gavin looking for the pass here now after awarded his two points for the takedown. Francisco accepted and sat to the guard. Now Gavin trying to climb up the body right on the edge of the bounds here with just 5 seconds left. Looking for the back. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; That's it. Francisco Papasidero of AL J moves on in the absolute division of the 2026 Pan Jiu-Jitsu Championships. So we are over on mat 13, Paulo Oliveira taking on Julio Almeida. Not much time left in this one. Just 30 seconds. Julio leading seven advantages to one over Paulo. Julio pulls guard. He's in the lasso position. 10 seconds. Julio gets the win by advantages. He moves on in the black belt absolute division. Julio Almeida is your winner over on mat 13. We're going to stay on mat 13, Wallison Oliveira taking on Matheus Luna. Wallison in the black ghee, Matheus Luna in the white. Wallison pulls guard, gets to his closed guard. We'll go back to the center of the mat. Luna looks like he's trying to set up collar grip to stand up and open the guard. He does get up here. Notice how he always grabs the same side collar rather than the opposite, so his arm doesn't get dragged across. Little bit of a look at a at a muscle sweep there, but wow, Luna did a great job bringing his elbow inside side the leg. But &gt;&gt; Luna has a toe hold. Oh, wow. &gt;&gt; That looks pretty tight. You can tell there's some cranking it due to the rotational defense. Initiated it from the top position, too, which can sometimes make it even tighter. Wallison rolling to his right. Cuz his leg is straight, so he's probably relieved a lot of the the pressure here when his knee is not bent, but they are right on the edge of the mat, so he's going to have to be careful. If they go out of bounds with the toe hold in play, he could potentially give up two points. So Wallison's going to be looking to free his foot without going out of bounds here. Putting some pressure on that foot now, but if they roll out again out of bounds, he's going to be to We see him trying to drag himself in. Look, he's scooting himself in to the mat. Now it's going to be Wallison's on a toe hold of his own. Keep in mind, too, Wallison if he comes up for on top position, he'll gain two points as well, right? Because Matheus or Matheus went to uh went to bottom position with that toe hold. Right on the edge here, too. And now it's it's Luna who has to be careful of not having two points scored against him if they go out of bounds with an active submission. Both toe hold against toe hold here. They're going to go out. Let's see how they score this. I don't know if it'll be two and two. Depends whose submission they thought was the threat that forced things out of bounds. Looked like Wallison had the tighter toe hold as they went out of bounds. Right, and that switched, right? Because it was the other way around before. Oh, looks like both are just going to get an advantage. Matheus pulls to the closed guard this time. So Matheus has the two advantages. He had the earlier toe hold, got an advantage for that. Then he let go. They both had their own attempts at toe holds. But both Wallison and Matheus got advantages, so Matheus leads by one advantage. Matheus underhooks the leg. [cheering] It's very similar to what Wallison was doing when he was on bottom, going for the muscle sweep. But Matheus on that far leg get over. Yeah, it's crazy. When I whenever you see him do this, I'm always surprised he doesn't uh injure his back because he does almost go into like a full full scorpion position sometimes, especially when people have such strong balance on top like Wallison does. Really impressive. Oh, wow, look at Wallison goes for an armbar. He almost went around the guard and then jumped on that arm, came right back up here. &gt;&gt; We're going to jump over to Matt 14 to catch some really exciting action in the women's open class division. Here we are. On top you're seeing Elizabeth Clay in the blue ghee. This is her opening match here in the black belt women's open class. She is facing Amanda Shirts in the black ghee on bottom. We talked a little bit about this women's black belt open class division a few minutes ago and Elizabeth Clay I think is someone that a lot of people are really interested in seeing compete in the ghee in a black belt major in the absolute. Of course she won double gold at the nogi worlds back in December. Had some incredible wins and has always been a really really good competitor in the ghee as well. Last year won the Brasileiro's and took second at the worlds. She's facing a really tough Amanda Shirts. She's doing some good work from her guard. Amanda put Elizabeth down to her hips. This time Amanda has that collar grip. Cuz she can kind of use that to monitor and control Liz's posture. But Liz is so dangerous from this position. You can see that that foot lock grip she has with her left hand. It might not look like much yet, but she puts on so much pressure in these positions quickly. Lightning fast often times looking now she's adding some crank in there. Amanda having that foot with her right hand as she's trying to keep Elizabeth's foot away from being able to bridge and push off of that foot and add more pressure with her hips. And it looks like she was able to keep the pressure off just enough to come back and reset the position a bit. She's trying to come up kind of a leg drag position maybe open up the back with her right knee. You can see that, but Liz used her left foot to go inside the legs to stop that rotation. Elizabeth Clay's foot locks are so dangerous. Won the Pans I believe back in 2023 and got a knee bar in the final. Now on a toe hold. Just in the grip. All right, they're going to go out of bounds here looks like and it's very likely Liz Clay is going to score two points there for going out of bounds at the submission. Two for Elizabeth Clay, she takes the lead. Also managed for the earlier straight foot Amanda tries to jump past the guard. Elizabeth Clay squares up. Amanda is trying to sprawl that right leg back and free that leg from Liz's grip. Liz is able to hold on, but now she resets into the closed guard. Liz has a pretty narrow lead here with two points and one advantage, but she is definitely in one of her preferred positions here in closed guard, so has a great opportunity to score again. Amanda though has been doing a great job freeing herself from those dangerous submission attacks that Liz has been throwing at her, the foot locks, the toe holds, but now we're in a bit of a different territory with the closed guard. So we'll see if anything shifts in the approach. Yeah, it was really impressive to get out of Elizabeth Clay's straight foot lock and toe hold. That's not easy to do. No. I there's been so many times we're commenting Liz's match and we can't even get to her match in time to commentate because she finishes it in you know less than 10 seconds seriously. Yep. Happens often. Oh, here we go. Look at this. She's got a grip in her own side of her ghee. This Ezekiel here could be on. It's a little hard to see how tight it is under the neck, but you can see Amanda starting to defend that top arm, which is a sign that that things are pretty tight or else she wouldn't have to reach up and try to pop that arm. She wants to push the elbow over her head and slip her head out. Liz has a nice tight closed guard. She was walking it up a couple of times here. Keep the posture broken down. You can see Amanda's almost got it looks like she's almost got the elbow over the top of the head. If she could pop the elbow up Liz's left arm and swivel her head out. That's what she's looking for. So you can see she's kind of driving forward with her body. That's why she's got that right foot up. And she does. She does it. It's going to earn an advantage for Liz. Liz tries to go for an over wrap on the left side. Looks she Now she's going to pass the lapel around the body. A lot of chokes you can set up from there. She's doing a really good job combining all of her attacks, chaining them together and staying on the offensive. Oh, Elizabeth Clay coming up. Gets the sweep. Two more points. Oh, now they're packed into a double seated position. She had come up in that kind of funky uh not reverse closed guard or not reverse mount, but I forget I forget what it was called. That's such a funny position. Anyway, came up and scored her two and then Amanda in order to defend knocked her back down and brought her foot inside and now Straight ankle lock and she gets it done. Elizabeth Clay locks up the straight ankle lock from that double seated position. That's what I'm talking about. Like you blink you're going to miss it. She puts on these submissions in under 10 seconds. That was under five. Pours the pressure on. And it's such a quick tap. It's unbelievable when it happens like that. To set up the grip and get get it so tight right off the the first initial bite. I think she has such a an amazing like awareness of how to lock in the position with the lower body and we see this a lot of times with the heel hooks where she locks in the position and the lower body is so tight so that by the time she reaches back to actually make the grip the pressure is already on from the hips and the legs. Um that's something I've noticed about her over the years. It's really impressive. &gt;&gt; [screaming] &gt;&gt; Quick replay here. So you can see both of her legs are on the inside and she's already getting some extension with her hips. She reaches back, puts the pressure on that foot and it's over. Really nice start to the absolute division for Elizabeth Clay. We're going to go over to Matt 11 for more of the black belt male action. We've got Winston Oliveira and Caio Goncalves. Winston on top trying to pass the guard with Caio. Yeah, Winston has a strong start to this match. We're going to see the points here in just a second, but he did score two points already coming up to top position. Now look at the way he's smashing both of those knees together here. Sprawling down heavy with his hips. Look at his left hand too behind the legs securing to pinch those knees together. Swivels that foot over and passes right into side control here. Really technical guard pass from Winston Torres. Leads Caio by five points. We are just two minutes into this match in the black belt absolute division. Really nice how he was able to fold the legs together and use really good leg leg work to get to the opposite side in side control. Got a really dominant start to the match. Just over two minutes in. Notice how Winston has that that right hand on the collar. He's applying a lot of pressure with his forearm here to make sure that he maintains he wants to be forcing Caio to look the other direction to look away. Wow, comes to the knee on belly. Look at Caio's left hand though. It comes underneath that ankle. Winston responds by taking that leg off and sprawling it back. It's going to earn him an advantage there. Didn't have knee on belly long enough to to rack up those two points. Great defense from Caio. And now Winston looks to swivel over for the mount, but he gets that foot trapped in half guard. He still has a He had a control in the crosses. Now he's going to switch over the top to the far arm. And you notice too, Witson actually has his arm inside the half guard, I believe. Or maybe he's taking it out to block the hip. It's a little hard to see, but his left hand was either inside the legs or he was blocking hip already. Oftentimes you can block the hip like as you're going for the pass instead of trying to block the hip after the pass is complete. And that way by the time you pass, the opponent is not able to bring their bottom knee inside cuz your forearm's in the way. And I believe that's going up what's going on with Witson. Witson has his left hand buried in there on the hip. Kind of use he can use that hand to push on the hip and walk north and create more pressure to the upper body. And he can use that hand to push on the the hip and the knee to create space to open up enough room for his leg to come through. Kyle's trying to invert here. Nice work by Kyle freeing his hip. Wow, used his leg to create some extension there and trying to come up. Opens up the back in the process. Witson gets the leg drag climbing up the back. Oh wow. &gt;&gt; one of his hooks. &gt;&gt; Great transition there. Witson did such a good job following Kyle. Creating another opportunity. This time to attack the back. Starts bringing him over to the side. Oh, looks like he's going to transition off to the mount. Now it's one of the greatest things about this position with the one hook is Oh, he has the choke. Opening the collar. Look at the extension here and he gets the finish. Witson Torres advances in the black belt absolute division. Beautiful submission from the back over Kyle Gonzales. And a lot of pressure coming down there on that choke. Once he had the grips in, you could see he sprawled all the way over the top of the head and that's how you know usually an athlete is very very confident that the grips are in the right position. So it's almost like, you know, they'll give up the back position to go for the finish and drive all their weight over the top of the head, sprawl out, they their hooks come free and enough pressure goes on the back of the head to secure that position. And I saw Witson earlier near the bullpen and he goes, "Kendall, I just want you to know that this year's going to be different." &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; I was like, "Okay, I'm ready. I believe you." It's a fantastic start for him. Yeah, he's he's definitely got a good energy about him for the tournament this weekend. Kyle did a good job creating some space and giving himself an opportunity to escape. Witson just followed him, got the back. Got that grip in the collar. Put the pressure down and finished. We're going to go over to mat 13. We got Matheus Rodrigues on top. Gabriel Galvao on bottom. Gabriel leading two advantages to one. Has the lasso. And he's tying up his right foot in the lapel. Gabriel trying to off balance. Matheus with that foot on the lapel. Matheus is representing AOJ. Gabriel Galvao representing Soldiers Jiu-Jitsu. And right now it looks like Gabriel is just trying to establish good control over Matheus. Who's really good at passing the guard. And has a bit of a weight advantage over Gabriel. Some of these positions with the the lasso and lapel can be pretty hard to get out of. Yeah, it really can and it it's an interesting strategy because sometimes you can slow your opponent down and really frustrate them and kind of cause them to make Whoa, maybe maybe big errors as far as rushing the pass, rushing the position. But other times it can can really slow the match down in a way that is you know, is really frustrating for both opponents and viewers. And so it's it's nice to see the use of there to create a lot of exposure and a lot of openings. It's a nice action. Almost got got a some break overhead action and off balance there, but Matheus is able to maintain top position, kind of reset his base. Gabriel trying to set his grips before transitioning. Looks like he may want to attack the back once he uncrosses his legs. But Matheus doing a good job controlling the left leg of Gabriel, which is making it hard for him. We're going to head on over to mat nine. We have Gabi Garcia taking on Lilly Marchand. taking on Lillian Marchand. We saw Lillian earlier to kick off the broadcast. She got a submission victory in her first round. Yeah, she looked fantastic. &gt;&gt; the queen, Gabi Garcia. Yeah, she looked fantastic. &gt;&gt; fantastic, but you know, this is the greatest of all time we're talking about here across weight class and open class, Gabi Garcia. The most winningest female Jiu-Jitsu athlete of all time and certainly up there for the the men as well. Has she taught I think she has taught that now, Danny, right? She's the winningest of all time across male as well. 10-time world champion for Gabi, yeah. Incredible. And she's still, you know, very young in her career. Luiza has 13 world titles, so there are few people ahead of her still, but she's still only 25. She's going to be competing at the Worlds for a long time. For sure. And I was going to say as as far as Grand Slam titles go, I think she's definitely at the top ranks because she's won like every Grand Slam tournament, Pan, Euro, and then obviously went to Nogi as well. So it's really impressive what she's done. And like you said, she's still 25 and got a long career ahead. Yeah, it's been amazing watching Gabi Garcia. Dominated the black belt level where there's so many high-level competitors. This match is interesting to me too because Sarah Galvao fought Gabi Garcia in the final of the Europeans. Very close friend of Lillian. So I'm sure after the brackets came out and they saw that this match was a possibility, they they discussed strategy. &gt;&gt; yeah. Maybe some some ways for Lillian to slow down Gabi. Lapel grips seem to be a big part of the strategy thus far. Yeah, I was going to say that the lapel grip seemed like a good strategy as well. Especially when you're going with someone who has quite a bit of size and strength on you. That can be very helpful way to keep them at bay a little bit. It's an interesting control of Gabi's left hand with the lapel. See if he can get an angle so we get a better look at that. So Lillian is really really good at the arm drag from the closed guard. It looks like she's trying to force Gabrielle's arm across her body and climb up to the back. She's making some progress. This is a technique she used in the color belts with a lot of success. You can see how how wrapped up Gabrielle's hand was with that lapel. Right. I was going to say really it definitely is one of the better strategies with someone like Gabi Pessanha because her open guard passing is so impressive. She's really able to kind of shut off people's attacks. She does a great job at leg drags and finding the back, but she also does a great job at just pinching the knees together and smash smashing through people's guards. And so if you can have a strong closed guard and stop her from being able to be on her feet and get those side angles. Like she creates these side angles and then closes the distance and really brings a lot of heavy weight forward. So if you can keep your closed guard and use that to climb around to the back without having to risk too much, I can see that being a really smart approach here for Lillian. That grip around Gabrielle's left hand is so interesting. It's wrapped a few times around it around the arm. It looks like she's using it to get some good leverage to try to expose the back with the arm drag. I think what does too is it stops Gabi from being able to get a strong grip on the lapel in order to stand up. See she she wants to stand up to her feet here and put some pressure on the legs to open them up. So ideally if you have control of that hand there it stops your opponent from being able to stand up and open the guard. Obviously Gabi felt comfortable enough to stand up even without control of her own hand which is unique. But now she has forced Lillian to open her guard and now she's switching strategies and this is where I think Gabi is going to start to bring a lot of pressure on. Look like she might be going for a knee cut. But now Lillian's actually set up. Maybe she's looking for a choke. Can't totally see the angle there, but has that butterfly hook in with her left foot that's going to help her off balance Gabi. If she can bring Gabi's weight forward on the upper body, she can follow it up with that butterfly hook and start to come up on top. Really impressive what Lillian's been able to do so far from the bottom position. Oh yeah, look at her come up. Oh Lillian &gt;&gt; [screaming] &gt;&gt; tried to get the sweep. &gt;&gt; here. Wow. Re-pulls, but gets an advantage. So Lillian Marchand halfway through the match has the lead over Gabrielle Pessanha. Wow, that was very impressive. You can tell she came in here with a a very specific game plan. It looks like she's executing it very well so far. Well, it's really difficult. You know, Gabi is has been in the spotlight and has been dominant for so long. Like you said with the match with uh Sara Galvao. Anytime someone sees an opening of something that might work, she's been her game's been kind of impenetrable now for years. I'm sure that there's a lot of studying going on around how to beat someone like Gabi Pessanha and how to exploit any of her very few weaknesses. And so like you said, I think that's a good call Danny that because of the match Sara Galvao and obviously Lillian and Sara are close, I'm sure that helped a lot in the strategy and approaching this match. Has the lapel grip with the right hand, cross sleeve grip with her left hand. Now Gabi's looking to come around to side here and start to pass, but Lillian's left foot in the armpit keeping her at bay. She's going to switch off and start to create some exposure. See this is where Gabi wants to be though. If she can get this kind of space and create this chest chest connection, now she's going to be looking to pass here. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Oh, she's going to pass the guard. &gt;&gt; her three points. That was a great call Kennedy. You said that how good her passing was once the guard opens up and she gets grips. As soon as that happened, took about 5 seconds for her to get chest to chest and then establish those that tight control position and those three points. Yeah, man. I think Lillian had a really good approach here trying to keep her tied up in the closed guard and try to keep those lapels around the hands and it was a really good effort, but once Gabi got what she wanted and got that space, she's so great at once she finds the opening, she she cuts the angle before she comes into the guard. And then as she comes in, she already has such a good angle to pass and she's bringing that pressure down. She's really excellently timed and placed. It's a big deficit for Lillian to come back from now. She's definitely going to try, but she down these points, she would have to either find her way to the back or she'd have to sweep and pass then again. One of the things to know about Gabi Pessanha too, um having experienced it many times myself, is uh her hip in your face repeatedly over and over. We've seen that a couple times with Lillian. She is not afraid to be very aggressive. Um and she's you know, she's got the knee on the face here, the shin across the face. She is not a afraid to to uh use a lot of strength and power and aggression to make you uncomfortable. Look at the elbow and the forearm just grinding over the jaw. Yeah, it's pretty brutal. Lillian trying to create some movement here. Oh, looks like she's about to recover the guard almost. She has that lapel now behind the leg. Looks like Gabi might score another pass and she does. She's got that knee on the face again. Lillian definitely not giving up. Doing her best to get on her side, make some frames, create some space. Yes, Gabi did a great job using her forearm there to make Lillian turn the other way. Kind of floating her hips on top. Look like she might have gone to mount for a second there, but back in the half guard. Lillian has the lapel lapel grip wrapped around the back. Has a half guard, but Gabrielle has a left arm over the head, good angle with her hips. Staying really heavy and getting pretty aggressive on top. Lillian gets back to her guard, opens up, doesn't have a lot of time to work. Gabrielle's going to move on in the absolute division, but that was a really fun opening round open class match for Gabrielle Pessanha. Yeah, really impressive performance by Lillian too taking the lead early on with the advantage. Gabi coming back strong with that guard pass once she got free and got that space. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; The action is going to continue here at the IBJJF Pan American Championships and we're going to be right back after a [music] quick break. &gt;&gt; [music] [music] &gt;&gt; We are back here at the 2026 Pan Jiu-Jitsu IBJJF Championships. And this is Kendall Reusing and Danny O'Donnell calling the action for you. We are jumping right back in to our men's black belt open class. Well, I'm at 12 with Luis Contra Vera and Miguel Costa. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; No score at this point in the match, almost 3 minutes in. Luis Contra Vera won double gold Europeans in 2025. He's had a lot of success in the black belt absolute division. Came into this absolute bracket as the number two seed. Number one was Gabriel Veloso of Soldiers Jiu-Jitsu who recently won the absolute division at the Europeans. Miguel pulls guard. Gets to the De La Riva ankle control. I'll have them reset to the center here. Luis Contra Vera is representing Team Six BJJ, Miguel representing Asenjo Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. Luis has that grip on the left sleeve of Miguel trying to break the control on the pants and the ankle. Postures up, breaks the grip. Right into that lasso though on the left side. Look at the knee coming through to pop off the lasso. That's a really nice position there. You can kind of use the knee to push the foot out. And then you can just circle your hand the outside of the thigh. So, that right hand on the outside of the thigh rather than being pulled underneath the calf. Big extension of the leg, but sometimes when there's a big size and weight discrepancy, even with a big extension on a spider, the person doesn't go anywhere. Look at that transition. Now on a single leg grip here. He's got that second grip on the pants. Really good position for Luis Contra Vera. Puts Miguel Costa down. So, ref referee signaling to his earpiece. The side referee table reviewing the situation. But currently just one advantage for Luiz Contra Rera. That's how the score will stand for the time being. Switching back again to the spider lasso position. Lasso on the left side. Right foot on the spider. Earlier we saw a big extension with that same right foot on the spider, but not a lot of movement as those things sometimes when there's a big height and weight discrepancy you can get a full extension with the spider guard and still not be able to bring someone overhead. Often times that's the goal is you extend those legs and you bring their weight over the top of you. And that can off balance them into a lot of different attacks from there. But, looked like he had a hard time earlier getting that extension. Luiz Contra Rera is doing a really good job dealing with the lasso circling his hand to the outside, limiting the control. Breaks free, tries to pass around the head. Now, look how he's using his head to try to control that top leg a little bit. Dives that left knee through here. Trying to use his chest to stay behind the top leg of Campos to keep that knee collapsed down. He doesn't want Campos on bottom to open his right knee out and have that kind of butterfly flexibility. So, he's using his chest to try to smash that knee down towards Campos' face. A lot of pressure now coming towards coming around to the head for a moment. Now, switching off to the back. Trying to He's going to be trying to keep Campos in here. Campos might try to turn and square up with Luiz if he can. He's got his right hand on the lapel to stop him from going behind him. Kind of using that as a frame. 2 minutes 40 seconds left in this absolute match at the 2026 Pans. Luiz Contra Rera leading Miguel Costa by one advantage. He's been working to pass the guard throughout the match. Has a good angle right now. Miguel working with a good frame, posting on the bicep with his right hand. But, having someone of Luiz Contra Rera's size weighing on you and pressuring you throughout a match definitely gets tiring. We're going to jump over to mat 10. Catch another match here. Got Luanderson Ferreira on bottom in the blue. Miguel on Joao Vieira. He's on top in the white. Luanderson's a really, really exciting competitor. Has some amazing passing, but currently working from his guard. I think he's got him off balancing there for a second, but Joao able to slide [cheering] those hips back. Luanderson bringing that right foot back to the hip here, arriving in the butterfly position, maybe hoping to get some extension there. He has some really great off balance and wrestle ups from this position. Oh, Joao looked at one there for a second. He has Joao sat down, but not enough for him to come up. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Joao bringing that pressure down here, trying to dig his head underneath the chin of Luanderson. Leading with his head there. Often times you can use the head under the chin to drive that up, but not if they have the lower body off balance cuz then you put yourself at risk too if you drive your weight too far forward. So, he's kind of walking that line right now. As he drove forward you could see Luanderson kind of elevated his hips up and started to get some movement going. So, Joao settled his hips back. Now, trying to control and take that foot off his head, but look at that. Almost like an ankle pick there from Luanderson. Looks like Luanderson's trying to create some space where he can stand up on a single leg. Mentioned how effective he can be from that position. Has a lapel grip and he's consistently gone back to the shin to shin with his left foot. Joao's doing a really good job staying heavy on that right leg. Oh, now Luanderson has that that far sleeve. This is a really important piece of this position because actually passed it now to his back hand. Pass that sleeve behind. Back step here from Joao to try to save himself from being sat down to his butt. Luanderson has the lapel. I think he lost the sleeve that was behind the the leg at one point. Joao's gotten his right hand back. I'm sorry, left hand back. But, Luanderson still does have the grip. It's just now with his right hand. You can see here Joao's trying to drive his right knee to the ground and stay on the outside of Luanderson's leg. Every time Luanderson gets the leg inside he does a great job of off balancing Joao. You can see Joao trying to kind of not only drive his right knee down, but also step his shin over the top of Luanderson's shin. Luanderson gets his right foot free, puts it on the hip. He's back to the sleeve control. Which as you mentioned, Kendall, is an important component of the position, especially when you're sitting up going for the sweep. Luanderson trying to keep his right foot on the hip. Joao trying to step over. Back on the ankle again. It's interesting in these positions because we see like similar patterns. Oh, Now, he comes up. And on the single leg. &gt;&gt; not quite. It wasn't the same. It was still not quite over yet cuz Joao looked to be trying to counter, but Luanderson settles in on top. And it's funny I was just about to say a lot of times we see in these high level matches the same patterns start to repeat themselves throughout the match and it has a and then it comes down to who can make that tiny micro adjustment in order to get the score even though the same kind of thing is being uh played out. These guys are These guys and girls are feeling each other out and making adjustments on the fly and learning on the fly in order to get the score and and make an adjustment make it happen. He did. So, he's able to come up, score two points. Now, pouring on a lot of pressure here. Luanderson looking to come around for the pass. Almost getting chest to chest connection. Joao is able to lock up that left leg. Look for a second like Luanderson was going to land in a nice half guard there, but look at the great guard recovery by Joao. Able to bring both of his legs back into play here. Luanderson trying to break the grip on the sleeve. Brings his left knee forward. Joao has his legs crossed even though Luanderson's knee is inside the guard. So, Luanderson leaning over to his right, trying to keep his balance. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Luanderson steps over the leg. He's pretty aggressive breaking grips. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Luanderson working to fold the legs. Beautiful sweep by João trying to stay on top. Oh my god. &gt;&gt; Great recovery by Luanderson Ferreira. Turns him into an advantage. Back to closed guard. Luanderson was trying to fold the legs together. João used the hook on the inside of the legs to lift and off-balance Luanderson, but he recovers right back into the closed guard. They're going to receive a penalty on either side for inactivity for both these guys. 1 minute left. Luanderson up by two. [cheering] He scored his points with the sweep. João trying to get his back currently playing from the De La Riva. Circling his left [cheering] leg inside with Luanderson. Times it. He's controlling the bottom leg for a &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; bit, but João was able to recover. And reset back to a neutral position. Luanderson gets the win. He's going to move on to the black belt absolute division. So, we're going to take a look at the near sweep from João. Anderson doing Ooh, Anderson doing a great job controlling the legs, getting back up on top. Just an advantage for João. So, Anderson holds on to his two-point lead. He's going to move on. Had some great matches thus far in the absolute divisions of the 2026 Pans. Luanderson getting a victory. Gabriel Veloso still alive in the division. Wynton Torres. Luis Contrares just got a win. So, we're moving along really nicely. Feels like these divisions are flying by. Oh, yeah. Also have one half of the female final set. Gabrielle Pessanha is going to be in the final. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; We're going to head over to mat 12. Luis Filipe of Alliance taking on Luis Victor of Marcio Andre. Luis Victor on bottom in the black gi underhooking the leg. Luis Filipe on top. This is still an open class division match. Luis Victor switches to the sleeve grip. Luis Filipe postures up standing straight up. Trying to deal with the sleeve grips of Luis Victor. &gt;&gt; [cheering] [cheering] [screaming] [cheering] &gt;&gt; Luis Victor gets into the single leg action with De La Riva. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Underhooks the leg, but we're going to go over to mat 14. We have Sarah Galvão in on a single leg. Working her way out to the back. Woo. Quick start for Sarah. She's taking on Maria Fragoso. [cheering] And Maria trying to turn and face and get square, but Sarah already has the back exposure here. Transition was incredible. Locks the triangle from the back. Working on that arm. Yeah, she actually has the triangle. Oh, wow. Has an arm extension here. Look at the arm is all the way backwards. &gt;&gt; crazy angle. Oh my goodness. She had like the bend of a Kimura here. Oh, Sarah Galvão gets the tap. Quick start to the match. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Actually, it wasn't like a Kimura. I think I'm wrong. It was more of like an Americana that was fully rotated. So, it was going the other way if I'm not mistaken because the wrist was up near the head and then it was rotated through. We'll probably get a replay here in a second to see that angle, but man, that was brutal. Sarah didn't even worry about going to the tri- or to the back. She was just looking for that to lock that triangle up and like you were saying, Danny, we hope that she has a quick recovery and she's okay, but man, yeah, it's like an Americana just fully rotated through. The way she was able to transition to the back in that triangle was really, really impressive. Yeah, it was she made it look easy. She does that a lot, but she made it look effortless. Maria was trying to stay composed and turn towards, but the back exposure came on early. Sarah moves on. She will face Elizabeth Clay next in the semi-final. Winner of that match takes on Gabrielle Pessanha in our absolute final that will go down tomorrow. Amazing start for Sarah Galvão. Super excited for that match with Elizabeth Clay. She had an amazing start to the Pans absolute division. Finished with a foot lock in her first match. &gt;&gt; [screaming] &gt;&gt; We're going to head over to mat 13 for some more adult male black belt open class action at the Pans. Walson Oliveira on bottom. Gabriel Galvão on top. Gabriel working on a double under pass. Controlling Walson's hips. Gabriel has a two-point lead with less than 90 seconds left. Gabriel's going to get a penalty for inactivity. That's his second penalty, so Wilson's going to get an advantage. Wilson really fighting hard to recover his leg position. Great job defending the double under. Gabriel right back into it. Wilson getting aggressive. Looking to make something happen with just 30 seconds left. Wilson looks like he's trying to get underneath the hips, create some off balance, and potentially stand up on the single leg. Now he's into more of a waiter style position. Time runs out though. Gabriel Gavalo moves on in the black belt male absolute division. Now we're starting to get into some of our weight class matches. Still having a few more in the absolute. One more female match between Sarah Gavalo and Elizabeth Clay. And several more in the male absolute division. Gabriel Gavalo moves on to the quarterfinal. We're going to head over to mat 11. Kevin Carrasco taking on Leonardo Varella. Varella pulls guard. That's going to be two points for Kevin for the takedown. Time the guard pull nicely. They're going to review that call. Varella into the single leg X. Looks like Kevin was looking up, maybe concerned with the referee about potentially reaping. But things have been deemed safe so far. Leonardo has to keep his foot on the outside of the hip. He can't cross the center line towards the belly button right leg. And now Kevin's actually using his hand to punch that down. Leo adjusting his grip with his right hand on the lapel. Potentially looking for an ankle lock on Kevin's left foot. Leo looking to bridge in there. Got a little bit of extension. Kevin pulls himself back up with that hand on the collar. Looks like he's trying to put weight on that left foot. If he can put weight on his left foot, then it stops the ankle lock from being in motion. If he stands up onto that left leg. But it does look like there was an advantage awarded there for the foot lock attempt by Leo. And right after that, Leo looking to sweep down and potentially come up on top. As now that he's up on his knees, he's going to score two points here once he came all the way up to his knees. So the advantage in the sweep for Varella. Take the lead. Now he's right back down to his hip, working on a straight ankle lock. Yeah, strategy-wise I think that was smart to come up and score the two points. We know that this is one of his favorite positions that he wants to be in, so he doesn't necessarily want to stay on top and look to pass. But because he was trailing those two points, came up on top, scored the two, evened out the scoreboard. Of course he got the advantage, he's got a slight lead, and then he kind of sits back down with less risk and gets to work in his position. Kevin comes up. &gt;&gt; Oh wow, jumped right through the guard there. That was very impressive. Two points and he's in the half guard on top. Look at that big rotation on the forearm. We can't quite see it from this angle, but he used his forearm to really crank that head the other way. And now it looks like Leo is able to duck his head back under the armpit a little bit. He's trying to turn on his left side. He needs to be on his left side in order to defend. Leo doing good work with the underhook from half guard. &gt;&gt; Almost came all the way up to his knees there with that underhook, and there's so much you can do there. If you come up to your knees, you can come out to the back. You can sweep either legs. If you get knocked back down, you can throw them all the way over. So a lot of options there for Leo. Kevin trying to keep Leo on his shoulders, but wow, whips him over and steps all the way over. He might give up two in the process though if Leo comes up. And he does. Leo's going to score two points. Kevin's got an underhook on the leg in the closed guard. Passes that lapel through. Strong position here for Kevin Carrasco. Back and forth match thus far. Yeah, and a totally even scoreboard too now. Four-four and one advantage each. It's interesting to see Leo try to step up like he was going to step up and over that lapel to break that off. You see Leo driving his head forward here, walking away from the lapel grip. Trying to bring Kevin's left knee down to the ground to open the guard this way and start to pass in the Sao Paulo style pass. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Leo still driving forward here. Same side as he was before. You can see Kevin kind of responds almost by he was looking to kind of create a figure four lock with his legs, but now Now he brings his feet to the hips and trying to He can use the feet on the hips to angle off his his I'm sorry. He uses feet on the hips to angle off his hips to either side by using them to push off, but Leo countering that really well by driving his head forward. Notice how Kevin is also using his left hand to control the tricep of Leo. Or he was trying to in the moment, but now Leo freed his own arm. That left arm he got free. Now he's using that to push the guard open. He wants to push that guard, break the guard open, push that leg down, and use that to step over with his right leg. But Kevin's doing a good job trying to regain control of that hand. So they're battling a little bit for that position. Kevin's left arm and Leo's right arm. This is a really exciting light featherweight division. We have number one seed Diego Pato, who's been incredible as a light feather. Malachi Edmond. Kevin and Leo Varella, of course. Anderson Duarte. Pearson Gabriel, who won light feather last year. Also have Kleber Kleber Souza. Rodney Gabriel. Light feather definitely stacked a lot of elite talent. Now Kevin trying to create more of an angle it looks like. See his right hand on the back of the collar. He could try to come around to the back, but Leo's left hand being around the waist is going to prevent that. But look, he switches his hips and almost sweeps Leo over to the other side. Great use of the closed guard here from Kevin Costco. Using some of that length that he has as a light featherweight to get Leo off balanced. Yeah, I love watching this kind of use of the closed guard. It can be very dynamic and off-balancing and people go off to the side and you can it's just really impressive when people do it well. But Leo doing such a good job here with his base staying on top. Looks like he potentially could be making a little progress in the Sao Paulo pass. But if Messi's able to step over that leg he's going to be kind of stalemated here. Kevin's been doing a great job defending it cuz Leo's been trying to use it for several minutes now throughout the match. Leo's going to adjust his gear, tie his belt, and get right back into the action. Please advantage