Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Heat Yeah. Heat. [Music] Heat up here. [Music] Heat up [Music] here. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat [Music] up here. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat up here. [Music] I need [Music] Heat [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat [Music] up here. [Music] Heat [Music] up here. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat [Music] up here. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat up here. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat up here. [Music] Heat [Music] up [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat up [Music] here. [Music] Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the 2023 IBJJF Absolute Grand Prix. Introducing first, representing Six Blades Jiu-Jitsu, Victor Hugo. Victor Hugo, the 2023 World's Double Gold Champion, has had such an incredible year this this year. Two gold medals at the Worlds, two gold medals at the Brasilleros, 15-0 in IBJF competition with 11 submissions. Cannot wait to watch Victor Hugo take on this absolute GP bracket. and his opponent representing Chibura BJJ, Orlando Monttero. Orlando Montero, 2018 European Champion. He's fought a lot more consistently in 2023. EightJF fights this year, seven submissions. He has been on fire. [Applause] [Music] What a way to kick off this IBJF Absolute Grand Prix. We got Victor Hugo versus Orlando Montero. Two submission hunters. And this is definitely going to be an exciting match. Victor Hugo in the blue ghee representing Six Blaze Jiu-Jitsu. Orlando representing Kimora BJJ in the white ghee. immediate guard pull out of Orlando. And you know, we we haven't seen him in competition on a scale like this in a little bit, but it's so good to see him back. Yeah, he's looked incredible in 2023. Like I mentioned, Jake, eight fights in IBJ of competition, seven submissions, had some huge wins. Victor Hu in a really good position now trying to take Orlando's back. Yeah, it looked like Orlando was was trying to invert underneath, but Victor Hugo just caught him right in a great position. And look at this. Victor Hugo already fighting for the second hook. Trying to get that hand deep and fight for that right hook. He's got his left hook in. Trying to reset that position. Get his back, excuse me, his chest on Orlando's back. Orlando does a good job getting his back to the mat. Avoiding that back take. That's exactly what Orlando needed to do. He needed to keep on rolling. Even if it meant bringing him out of bounds, he needed to keep on rolling. It's a tough spot to be, especially when you got someone like Victor Hugo on your back, but keeping himself alive. have Orlando Montero. One of the really interesting things about Orlando's game is that he's got incredible attacks. He's also got really, really good defense. Very good at defending the back position as you can see right there. Now he's in the half guard. Victor Hugo great from this top half guard position though as well. Yeah, one thing I feel like you'd have to know by experience about Victor Hugo is just the amount of pressure he's able to put on. And it's not just the fact that he's above 240 lbs on top of you, but his technique and his ability to apply pressure is just stifling. Yeah. Here he goes in this head and arm position. Now he gets his left knee to the mat. This is a dangerous spot. He's going to go for that Ezekiel choke. Beautiful position for Victor Hugo. Looks like he's setting the submission in. Orlando doing what he can with that left arm to try to extend it, but the choke just got sunk in a little bit deeper. Just got a really tough position here. and gets the submission. Beautiful submission by Victor Hugo to open up this IBJF Absolute Grand Prix. Incredible match for Victor Hugo. [Music] What a way to open up this open up this Grand Prix with a submission from double gold world champion Victor Hugo. And your winner out of six plays jiu-jitsu, Victor Hugo. Victor Hugo out of six blaze jiu-jitsu gets the submission victory. Let's check out this replay. Victor Hugo take trying to take the back of Orlando Monto setting in this Ezekiel choke from the back. Orlando had some amazing defense in the beginning of the match, but this position was just too tight for Victor Hugo. And we are going to take a short break. We will be back with our next match from the Absolute GP. Heat. Hey, Heat. And we are back at the 2023 IBJF Absolute Grand Prix. Ladies and gentlemen, your next match out of Alliance Dallas, Stephan Benton, and out of Alliance San Diego, Felipe Andrews. rate. Felipe has looked better than ever and he's been the number one ranked black belt in the IPJF for four straight seasons. Yeah, very excited for this one. Danny Stephan Bant opens up with a little foot sweep. Felipe has a really dangerous guard, but also has great takedowns and a great top game. Super well-rounded competitor. And being that well-rounded has led him to so much success. Like I mentioned, number one ranked IBJF black belt in the world for four straight seasons, which is an incredible accomplishment to maintain that pace and and that ranking for so long. Absolutely. And uh his pace in the match as well. I mean, he's so active. He doesn't stall. He doesn't take a lot of time in between positions. It seems like he's always hunting for the kill. Yeah, I love that about Felipe's game. Has amazing triangles, awesome foot locks. He's also been submitting people from the mount lately with mounted cross chokes and he's probably one of the most active black belts in the world. Competes all over the country, all over the world in IBJF events. And the success he's had in those events has helped him reach and maintain that number one ranking. Stefan, the newest black belt in this 2023 IJF absolute Grand Prix. Got promoted in late 2022 after winning the Nogi Worlds as a brown belt training with Joel Gabriel Hosa at Alliance Dallas. Very tough competitor. He's had success early on in his black belt career, but I I think it's fair to say this is the biggest challenge. Oh, Felipe shoots that triangle arm bar. Oh my goodness. This is the quick that quick triangle attempts of Felipe Andrew. Man, they are just like jump scared. again. Wow, Felipe is so dangerous from this lasso and spider position. I would even say this double sleeve position. Sometimes he'll switch his configuration. He'll have the lasso of the delea now and he can attack from all these positions. Felipe switches to that pant grip with the lasso. That's something he's very well known for doing. Look for him to potentially put that right foot in between the legs as you see him doing now. Lik to sweep over the top. He'll probably guide Stefan to the right side with that grip in the collar. Look to sweep him over. Stephan doing a good job though using that left foot as a base. Stephan has a great base on top like you mentioned. Alexa go down to both knees. I think he felt the danger when he was passing from the feet. Just kind of maybe gave Felipe a little bit of space to launch those triangles. If he were lightning fast, Jake, if he allows his center of gravity to go over the top, look just like that. Philippe Andrew trying to lift. If he allows his center of gravity to go too far over the top, then Philippe Andrew has the leverage required for that sweep to work. Seven and a half step. The speed of Felipe Andrew is really something to behold. For someone that big. Oh, absolutely. I mean, if it's like having somebody on their back able to shoot attacks that quickly, it's got to be nerve-wracking for the competitor on top. But Stephan Bant, the kind of guy who is so patient, the way that he has won so many of his titles has come down to the just that that nittygritty decision-m that separates the champion from the second place, right? And it's very impressive to see and he's a welcome addition in this bracket. Absolutely. Yeah, that's one thing I love about this GP bracket is a mix of black belt world champions who are veterans with some newer black belts which really adds some some really interesting flare to the competition. Both athletes receive a penalty for some supposed inactivity. There we go. Felipe Andrew now trying to mix things up a little bit. Get under the leg. Felipe is ahead by one advantage for that submission attack earlier in the match. We're about 330 into this one. switching between the double sleeve control and the deli. Felipe just doing such a good job controlling Stefan. You see right here in this position with this deep lasso. He's trying to use that foot underneath, but his right knee Stefan is rolling out the the lasso. If Felipe's right knee was connected to his chest, he would be able to generate the leverage and take him over. But because Stefan is rolling out the lasso, it's actually reducing the amount of leverage Felipe has. So far, Felipe has been working to offbalance Stefan for the past couple minutes while Stephan's just been maintaining a super solid base. Man, you can hear the grip popping. We have a we have a respectful fan base here in in the uh in the ballroom here at the Westgate Hotel. You could hear all the grips breaking and the the knees dropping. A little bit of frustration on the face of Felipe Andrew. Right. How do I have a grip? Prop. Nice. Side to side. Felipe in a seated position now. See if he tries to come up. He goes right back to his back. He's so comfortable with these double sleeve grips. Has such, like we talked about, such great and quick attacks from here. Breaks that grip. Just over the halfway point in this one. Stefan maintaining a very slow pace trying to pass from the top. Look at the aggression on Andrew trying to break those grips. Kicking not once but thrice. Oh, there he goes. Beautiful by Felipe Andrew. Stephan postures out of it. Those attacks can come at literally any moment. And they're all good for Felipe as well because Stefan is content with the double sleeve grip passing over the top. And it's all good for Felipe to continue to rack up these points in the eyes of the judges in the event that Stephan is able to generate one advantage. You want more? Let's go. Nearly 6 minutes into this match. Felipe Andrew leading by one advantage. Penalties are tied at one a piece. We're here at the 2023 IBJF Absolute Grand Prix. Felipe is on bottom in the blue ghee. Stefan on top in the white ghee. And Jake, this has been an incredible weekend in Vegas so far. Oh, there Felipe goes. Maybe transition again. I was just saying this has been an incredible weekend at Jiu-Jitsu Con. It's been so many jiu-jitsu practitioners from all over the world have ascended upon Las Vegas. Over 10,000 competitors throughout the weekend. Had seminars, tournaments. It's been such a fun weekend. What a great event to have to add some some prestige and some elite black belt competition to to the Jiu-Jitsu Con. Absolutely. And the way they have it set up on multiple floors inside of this event arena is just just very very cool. I mean, 10,000 people signed up. 10,000 competitors. So, 10,000 competitors. You have to imagine there's at least three times as many people coming through the doors of this event. Trying to make something happen here. Stephan flattening out. Just a little over three minutes left. And we'll see what kind of adjustments. Maybe Stephan Vance is waiting. It's hard to tell. Yeah, Felipe has had some great attacks so far. Some close triangles. Almost got an arm bar early in the match. Got that one advantage. Felipe very patient. He's going to keep attacking and keep this pace up the whole rest of the match. Settling for the closed guard. Let's go. Close guard. Felipe Andrew is a dangerous place to be. It's tough because Stephan Stefan's options here really his safest option is to stand up. But even in that, you're in danger. Yes. He's got that interesting grip with his left hand now. Looks like he's trying to set up an arm bar, walking his legs up, trying to trap the shoulder of Stefan. Stephan does a good job moving his shoulders forward, getting out of danger. And and with Felipe staying so active from the bottom, it forces Stephan to be in defensive mindset, right? Yeah, it's hard to attack when you're defending submissions from Felipe left and right. Now it's Stephan Bant actually that incurs a penalty that puts Felipe in a bigger lead. That second penalty for Stephan will give Felipe another advantage. He's up two advantages to nothing. No points on the board yet, but Felipe does have those two advantages that are putting him in the lead. Coming up on a minute 30 left in this match. Go stepping a little bit more active trying to legs to the side now. Let's go. Winner of this match will go on to face Victor Hugo who won by submission over Orlando Montero in his first match. Keep going. Keep going. Stephan putting some good pressure on Felipe's guard now. Going over the to the lasso side like that. It's just so difficult. Especially with someone who has the caliber of lasso. Felipe making that frame with his left hand. Keeping that right knee tight to his chest. Pulling that lasso back in. Stefan Bant has 50 seconds to to pass the guard of Felipe Andrew. So far it's looked incredibly difficult. Felipe stayed so active from the bottom. Back into these double sleeve grips where he's so dangerous and so strong. Nice. The entire arena just received a flash flood going here. Stephan with a big movement to try to pass. Oh, sweep attempt by Fippy Andrew. And that was the sweep that I was talking about earlier in the match. Danny puts him on his back establishes top position. Felipe Andrew awarded two points. Looks like he's trying to trap that left arm of Stephan Bantto with his right leg. Time is going to expire and Felipe Andrew is going to take this match on points. He will advance to face Victor Hugo in your 2023 Absolute GP semiinal. Wow. And that's going to be a great match. Victor Hugo, Felipe Andrew, two world champions. Very excited for that one. Let's take a look at a replay. Felipe attacking these arm bars. This is really the tail of the match. Just Felipe's ability to keep Stefan in that sort of posture. Yeah, got that advantage for that submission attack. Went forward a couple more times. [Music] Felipe just doing such a great job controlling Steph and using those double sleeve grips and gets the victory. And your winner out of Alliance San Diego, Felipe Andrews. [Music] And we are going to take a short break. We will be back with another match from the 2023 IBJF Absolute Grand Prix. Shut up. [Music] Sheamus, can you hear me? Okay. Yeah, I'm going to press mute and then I'm just going to keep my heads up. And now is choosing first out of team new wave, Nicholas Maragali. [Applause] Nicholas and his opponent representing Cicero, Francisco. [Music] Francisco Low has some experience with these IBJF Grand Prix events. third time competing in one of them, but he's taking on his toughest test to date in 2023 double gold pan champion Nicholas Maragali Francisco Low bringing a smile to the face of a lot of our people in attendance with his walkout song. Such a dangerous competitor. Danny has a ton of highlight reel flying submissions. Talked about him in the press conference yesterday. Nicholas said he was prepared for him. I can't wait for this one, Jake. Man, this is going to be very exciting. Nicholas has ridiculous credentials as a black belt. Three-time world champion, two-time pan champion, four-time Brillerero champion, 42 submissions in major championships in the IBJF. Jake, man, you look at his fighting style. I mean, his statistics tell a lot about how he fights and he's very consistent. Always looking for the submission. Always looking, I would even say, to make a statement with his matches. Yeah, he's got a 73% submission rate in major championships. I don't know if there's any active black belts who have a submission rate that's higher than that. Well, we'll see if he can add to that statistic tonight or if Francisco Low has anything to say about it. Nicholas and the bluegie. Oh, nice little foot sweep by Francisco Low. That's going to score him two points to open this match. Great start to the match for Francisco Low. a seemingly unbothered look on the face of Nicholas Magali in response to that. Nicholas been training with team New Wave in Austin, Texas for over a year now under the tulage of Professor John Donaher. He's made some great changes to his game, great improvements, who's already a super high level, super highly accomplished competitor, but I feel like his top game, his takedowns, his pressure have all improved since moving to Texas. It's definitely something that he's talked about a lot is the improvements that he's made, improvements to his confidence as well. I would say he was already a very confident competitor, but even more so now coming up through the ranks. I feel like Nicholas was known for his guard. You can see his left hands in the cross collar grip. Always played a amazing cross collar sleeve sleeve game. Has amazing triangles and platas from there. Francisco's looking for these little opportunities left and right as Nicholas loops his legs around. Nicholas looking to use that height advantage. There is there is a size advantage over both of them. Look at that. Who defends the lasso card like that. That was incredible. That was incredible. Francisco Low leading this match two nothing. Hit that taked down early in the match to score those two points. And he is on top position against Nicholas Margali, the three-time IBJF world champion. Francisco opting to keep that grip on the belt of Maragali. And Nicholas getting that lasso deep. Very good control of that sleeve with his right hand. Also rever reverse dehiva position with his left leg. Francisco keeping his base low, making it difficult for Nicholas to get deep under his hips. Yeah, he's grabbing the belt. Looks like it's making it a little bit more difficult for Nicholas to get a comfortable angle with that with that lasso. Now Nicholas got that cross collar grip with his left hand. Super dangerous from here with his triangles. No platas. And we don't see this position too often. Or see if Nicholas you looks to tilt sweep to the left. Oh, look at this. Go a little nearly gliding past the guard of Maragali there. Nicholas now trying to set up his exguard position. He's so good from here. It's sweeping. Comes up, gets the sweep. Two points for Nicholas Maragali. Evens this match on the scoreboard. And Nicholas on top is dangerous. And now we'll see the guard of Francisco Low. He's having a hard time currently making that that second grip. Beautiful Toriono style pass from Nicholas. Trying to flatten Francisco out. Good hip movement by Francisco to try and get away, but Nicholas is going to secure that pass. Gets the three points. He's leading five to2 now. Three minutes into this IBJF Absolute Grand Prix quarterfinal. This is not a place you want to be with Nicholas Maragali. It's funny that you brought it up, Danny. As soon as he got to that Xgard position, he was able to make the sweep happen very quickly. Yeah, it's one of Nicholas's best sweeping positions. Usually when he gets there, he's not there for long. He usually capitalizes on it, gets the sweep, and that's exactly what he did. Which goes to show the prowess of Maragali's passing as well. I mean, he spent very little time dealing with the guard of Francisco Low. Nicholas now walking to a north south position. Putting the pressure on Francisco low, keeping his head low. What type of attacks you want to see Nicholas go for here? Looks like he's trying to throw his left leg over the head and already try to end this match with the choke from side control. He could be using it to set up potentially mount. Oh, and look at this. The crowd held their breath for just a second. Hey, this is going to try to mount now. He's walking the hips to point away from him. Gets gets to the mount. Beautiful stuff from Nicholas Margal. He's got the elbows above the shoulders. Very dangerous position here for Francisco Low. Nicholas putting a lot of pressure just making life miserable for his opponent on bottom. It almost looks as though he's trying to follow the methodology of uh some of his new wave teammates and get the pressure. Beautiful finish from Nicholas Maragali. Once he got on top, it was it was a tough time for Francisco Low on bottom. My goodness, the pressure. Two fight three fights so far, excuse me, in this IBJF Absolute Grand Prix. Two submissions. Nicholas on top. Then you see gets to the mount position, pushes Francisco's knee to the mat as soon as he got to the mount. Danny is all I was going to say. Like he immediately hikes up the elbows, puts the pressure down. Does an absolutely stellar performance. And your winner representing New Wave, Nicholas Maragali. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] We're going to cut to a short break and we will be back with another match from the 2023 IBJF Absolute Grand Prix. [Music] And your next match, introducing first out of GFT Ohio, Gutenberg Pana. Gutenberg Pereira 2022 Brasilero Absolute Champion. He competed at the 2022 IBJ Jeff Absolute Grand Prix where he took second place losing a razor close match to Kina Darte Gutenberg. a super dangerous competitor, amazing submissions, always one of the top guys in any division he enters. And his opponent representing Gracie Baja, Paulo Merlin. [Music] Gracie Baja's Paulo Merlin took third at the IBJF World Championships in the absolute division this year. Also took third at the Pans. Been having a great rookie season as a black belt. He's only 22 years of age. already had great results in competition. Gutenberg Pereira in the blue ghee representing GF team. Paul Merlin representing Gracie Baj in the white ghee. Oh, Paulo with a beautiful guard pull. That was a great position to be in. You know, Goodenberg looked like he wanted to go for the taked down. Apollo was able to immediately initiate the close guard and get a full lock on it. Paul trying to use that lapel grip to tie up Gutenberg's left arm. Gutenberg recognizes the danger. Staying very busy on bottom already at the very start of the match. Passes that lapel, underhooks the leg, grabs the lapel with his right hand. Tough position to deal with on top with this lapel grip. saw this position quite a bit at the 2023 Worlds. Eric Munice was using it quite a lot. A lot of other black belts were using it as well. Very difficult to deal with on on top. He's doing the right thing though, keeping his base wide, mitigating the ability for Paulo to articulate his knee one way or the other. And look right there. You see him try to get his leg out. See if Paulo can turn this into a sweep, though. Nice base by Gutenberg. Man, look at the sprawl of Gutenberg breaking that grip. That was powerful. I was going to try to step over that foot, pin it between his legs. There he goes. Paulo really is staying so busy on bottom. And look, he's transitioning from guard to guard now. Trying to turn this into a sweep. This is a lot of energy to expend on bottom as well. And now look at this deep head control by Gutenberg. Gutenberg in a much better position. Super deep cross face. Got his head over the far shoulder of Paulo Milin putting a lot of pressure on him. We got a pretty good angle right here, Jake with Paul's half guard. Gutenberg trying to free that left knee. Yeah. And that lapel grip is really what's saving him from this head control guard pass right here. You see he's got the grip so deep. You can see it right there at that angle all the way on the belt of Paulo Merlin. Yeah, I don't think Gut Gutenberg's going to want to give up this position. He's just got such great position with his head and with his cross face. He's going to want to keep this pressure. Doesn't look like Paul Min's too comfortable here. Well, there's no reason for Gutenberg to to rush this position. I mean, he's got such a great spot. Paulo's head turned completely the other way. Now, his head is fashioning as an under hook right here. And the more he can jack up that right elbow of Paulo Merlin, the less control Paul is going to have. As you see right there, transitions to the under hook. This is beautiful stuff. Goober going to get his left knee on the floor. Walking that arm up with his left arm. 3 minutes into this IBJF Absolute Grand Prix quarterfinal. Gutenberg on top in the blue ghee representing GF team. Paul Merlin on bottom in the white ghee representing Gracie Baja. Still no points or advantages on the board, but Gutenberg in a very, very solid position. Definitely a lot of patience being exhibited out of Gutenberg. Pereira on top. Really walking that right arm of Paul Merlin high, making it very uncomfortable. Lots of pressure. We'll see if Gutenberg tries to free that left foot and get to the mount. There he goes. Gets his right instep on top of the thigh. He's going to try to pry that left leg out. Paulo doing everything he can to keep that leg from coming out. Score is technically still 0. Oh, transitioning into a knee cut. Deep underhook for Gutenberg. Oh, look at the cross face by the right arm. This is another position where Gutenberg really doesn't have to rush. He's in a great spot. Has his left knee on the floor under hook. Good head position. Transition. That head position is going to be big in this spot cuz now it prevents Paulo from being able to look towards him and keep his legs secure. or he's going to be twisting his body. And that's the last little bit that he needed to potentially get his foot. Yeah, his foot's almost free. One more kick with his right leg and I think his foot's going to come out. Oh, caught just by the toes. There he goes. Gets his foot free. Pins Paulo Merlin to the floor. Gets his three points. [Applause] Goombberg Pereira opens up the scoreboard in his first match at the IGJF absolute Grand Prix. is up three nothing over Paul Milin. Little under the halfway point of the match. Goomb looks looks like he might want to attack this farm at Polymer Lyn. One thing I've noticed so far in this Grand Prix is once once these guys get to dominant positions, it's hard to get them off. They're very comfortable in these pinning positions and they have such great attacks from side control, from mount, from the back. Absolutely. I mean, look at this. The pressure he's putting, circling over to the side. I like to think the north south is a great position to control because you're far away from the legs. Yeah. Looks like he might be tacking this kamar on this far this top arm, excuse me. turns it into an arm bar. This could be the beginning of the end for Paul Merlin. Goombberg gets his elbow all the way on Polymer Lynn's wrist. This is going to give him a lot of leverage. Connects his hands. That gable grip position underhooks the leg now. Paul doing everything he can to stay in this match. It's a great spot for Gutenberg. Para can hear Gutenberg's co coaches telling him to be patient. In an excellent spot to get the finish in this one. There's still three minutes and 30 seconds left. Now he's starting to put some more pressure. trying to break this grip, but not exerting himself to where he loses this position, this specific position of the armbar either, which I think is very mature of him as a competitor to not be willing to sell out so hard that you invite pressure on top, but you stay in this very tight arm bar position. Yeah, that really shows Gutenberg's experience. He's actually one of the most experienced black belts in the Grand Prix, and he's really showing that poise and that experience so far. Three minutes left now in this IBJF Absolute Grand Prix quarterfinal. Gutenberg Pereira leading three nothing over Paul Milin. He's in a great position to get the submission here in this arm bar. Oh, and a big big kick trying to get out by surprise. Gutenberg was ready for it. Adjusted his position. Now he's adjusting his arm position, too. This says a lot about the upper body strength as well of Paulo Merlin to be able to withstand this for as long as he has. Yeah, this is not a comfortable position to be in. Lots of pressure, lots of torque on the arm. Does a good job getting up to his knees. See if Gutenberg tries to stick with this arm bar. Has a comfortable lead up three nothing. switches back to the close guard. Great defense by Paula Merlin of Gracie Baja. Wow, that was impressive, Jake. That was absolutely impressive. He looked dead to rights for well over a few minutes there. Been in a tough spot. Now back in neutral. 1 minute 47 seconds left in this IBJF Absolute Grand Prix quarterfinal. Gutenberg Pereira leading three nothing over Paul win. Apollo does not have a lot of time to waste in this closed guard. Paulo, similar to Stephan Bant, a new black belt was promoted December 2022. Been a black belt less than a year. He's already had great results. Two bronze medals, one at the Worlds, one at the pans in major championships. Good Barrera is a veteran though. And Gutenberg staying active as well. Really trying to put this away. And look at that arm was fully extended for just a second. Yeah, that was a nice little sweep attack. Almost got an attack on the arm there. Goombberg's got a great guard. Moves extremely well for someone his size, which is a common theme between these these Absolute GP competitors. Less than a minute left. Oh, and look at that. Beautiful sweep by Gutenberg. A violent kick on the leg by Gutenberg to to open up that sweep. Scores another two points. He is up 5-0 with less than 30 seconds left. Back. Paul Merlin using that lapel grip to wrap Gutenberg up. But he's only got 10 seconds left. He's got to make something happen. Gutenberg up 5 nothing. Scored a guard pass and a sweep in this match. Looked very dominant. Showed a lot of composure and a lot of poise to get this victory. And very impressive stuff out of Gutenberg Pada. He's Yeah, he's going to face Nicholas Maragali next, which is be amazing. That is a great match. Just look at this replay, Danny. Goombberg Pereira putting the pressure on Paul Merlin. Gets to the side control position. Nearly had an arm bar. Here's the sweep he hit late in the match to go up 5 nothing. Yeah, and you know, Paul Merlin showed such a great effort the whole time. Fighting as hard as he could, even withstanding that arm bar for a very long portion of the match, but it was just too much. your winner. Hello. Oh, and your winner out of GFT team, Guttenberg Peda. [Applause] All right, ladies and gentlemen, the free YouTube stream is ending. You can go subscribe at flowgrappling.com to catch the rest of this the 2023 IBJJF Black Belt Grand Prix. We'll be right back. Hey Sheamus, I have the mic. [Music] Up next out of checkmat. Dallas Jackson Nagai. [Applause]