Kind: captions Language: en Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Welcome to the Who's Number 13 bracket reveal and press conference. This is the first time that Who's Number One has ran an openweight bracket. So, we're going to get all eight athletes out here. We're going to reveal their first round matchups. We're going to talk to them, hear what they think about it, and then we have three super fights after that where we're going to talk to all six superfight athletes, hear what they think about their matchups. Let's kick things off with Reed in the studio where he's going to reveal the first matchup for the openweight bracket. &gt;&gt; All right, everybody. The moment you've all been waiting for, the full bracket reveal here for who's number 130. Let's jump right into it. The first quarterfinal of the night. Now, this will be the match that kicks off the main card, the very first quarterfinal of the night. Let's take a look at it. It will be Dante Leon taking on Pat Shagali. What a wildcard matchup. Obviously, these two guys come from very different weight classes, but when you got a guy like Dante Leon on the card, he doesn't care uh what size, what time, what location, doesn't matter to Dante. He's ready to throw down. And of course, Pat Shagali, Goop Ice, has been holding it down on that East Coast finisher scene over there for a long time. So, a very, very interesting matchup here. Pat Shagali taking on Dante Leon. That will be your very first quarterfinal of the night. Should be a fun one. Trey, I'll throw it back to you. &gt;&gt; First quarterfinal of the event is officially announced. Dante Leon going against Pat Shagalie. I got a marker right here for you. Dante, you want to put your name up there top left. We're going to see the handwriting of some of these jiu-jitsu guys. Dante's pretty solid. And then Pat Shagali, you'll sit right here on this side. Dante, there we go. Goop Ice. It's a chilly day in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Now we're going to sit down, both these guys, hear from him. I'll kick it off first with you, Dante. You know, you're the WO veteran in this one. You've been on WO a bunch of times, competed at the highest stage. This is Pat making his WO debut, but I'm just curious, what do you think about this first round matchup against Pat? &gt;&gt; Uh, I think the whole bracket has a lot of different, you know, there's a lot of differences in the bracket. There's a lot of upandcomers. Pat's definitely an upandcomer. He's somebody I've seen since he was like 14 years old beating adults, you know, so he's obviously very tough. I didn't notice him the last time I walked up. I saw him. He's lost a bunch of weight. He looks great. So, I know he's going to be tough. I know he's going to be raring to go and obviously he's going to have the condition to go uh three matches, you know. So, you know, it's he's an upandcomer. He's somebody I probably never have a chance to go against in um in this kind of event if it wasn't an openweight bracket. He's obviously a lot bigger than me, so it's kind of cool that this gets to happen. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Do you like that aspect of a bracket like this, like an openweight bracket where, you know, you could fight some big guys? You're actually coming in as the smallest guy in this bracket. Like, I don't know, Dante Leon, the Westside barbell guy, not always you're the smallest guy in a bracket, huh? &gt;&gt; Right. Uh I think to to be as active as I want to be, it's hard to just stick in one weight class, you know? And uh with the kind of training partners I've had and the kind of people, the kind of way that I structure my training, it's been really hard to just be in like either 170 or 155 and just stay there. I've always bounced around quite a bit. So, um an open weight bracket gives me an opportunity, like I said, to get against guys like Pat, get against guys like that are in the bracket here that I probably would never get a chance to go against. &gt;&gt; And so, Pat, I want to ask you, you're making your Who's Number One debut. I know you've been holding it down kind of on the East Coast scene for a while, running finishers. The ice age over there just continues and continues. What does it mean to you to make who's number one debut and also be in this eightman bracket? &gt;&gt; Uh, you know, it's definitely an honor to share the mats with all these high class athletes and especially Dante Leon. So, I'm excited to perform. I visualized each match with each and every opponent. So, just waiting for this day to come and now I'm even more on lock and now we're in Pittsburgh and we about to show what's up. What do you think about this matchup against Dante? &gt;&gt; Just like Dante was saying to me, I've watched Dante uh roar through all like the competitions, ADCC, super fights. So, just being able to see that over like YouTube and all like the promotions and now it comes and I face him uh across the mat and we go jiu-jitsu against jiu-jitsu. It's exciting. So, I'm here to test myself. I'm here to win. I'm here to, you know, showcase my jiu-jitsu and show Pittsburgh what's up. &gt;&gt; There we go. So, Dante, it seems like you're familiar with Pat. Obviously, I know he's like a younger guy, kind of been tearing up the scene since he was like 16, I feel like, when he got on a lot of people's radar at EBI and everything, but what do you think about stylistically and everything how this match is going to play out with Pat? &gt;&gt; Honestly, it's hard to say. Uh, you know, it's it's hard to judge somebody who you see at 16, 17, 18 years old and kind of figure out how they're going to be at the age they're at now. You know, he's still a young kid. I'm sure things change. uh the the change in him comes a lot quicker than probably the change in a lot of other people in this bracket maybe besides Mikey Sainz or or Achilles who are also very young. So it's tough to say. It's tough to look at matches that I've seen of him live and say you know I can expect this or I can expect that. I mean he's lost &gt;&gt; fucking 80 lbs probably since you know I've seen him compete the last time. So I can't really say what he's going to do how he's going to be. Um, but you know, I can probably if he's here and he's been raring and championing at the bit to be in this bracket, I can expect the best Pat uh to show up and show up here tomorrow night. &gt;&gt; What do you think about uh how this match is going to play out with Dante Pat? &gt;&gt; Um, I've seen Dante compete plenty of times and it's not one particular game. So, I'm expected for guard pulls, wrestling, or guard passing. And I'm ready to throw it out there and, you know, give it all. I'm ready to wrestle. I'm ready to uh pass some guards. I'm ready to leg lock some people. So, let's do it. &gt;&gt; All right. There we go. Dante Leon versus Pat Chagalie. The first quarterfinal of the event. Gonna set the stage for everything. Let's kick it to Reed for our next quarterfinal matchup. &gt;&gt; All right, everybody. The second quarterfinal of the night. We've already got a great first one. Dante versus Pat. Let's take a look at the second quarterfinal of the night. Now, it will be Felipe Costa taking on Achilles Hosa. Another super fun match. Both these guys have been having a great year, surging, peaking at the right time here. Felipe Costa looked great at NOGI Worlds. He had a great showing at ADCC in the last time we saw Achilles Hosa. He had a highlight reel, flying submission, one of the quickest in who's number one history. You don't want to blink whenever Achilles Hosa gets on these mats. Trust me, that one is going to be a fun one. Achilles Hosha versus Felipe Costa. Another quarterfinal down. Let's throw it back to Pittsburgh with Trey and the boys to get their thoughts. &gt;&gt; All right, there we go. Our next quarterfinal of the night is going to be Achilles Hosa going up against Philippe Costa. They got their names on the board there. The handwriting holding strong so far. Not looking too bad, gentlemen. So, the first battle, you know, it's kind of being won here early, but obviously this is going to be exciting one. Dope to have both of you guys in this bracket. I'll kick it off with you, Phipe. First of all, what does it mean to be in this eight-man bracket potentially competing for the Who's Number One Openweight Championship belt? &gt;&gt; Man, it feels great. You know, I think the title itself, it's already a big deal. You know, I feel that you guys did a good job by selecting eight great athletes and I can't wait, you know, to to for tomorrow and showcase a good jiu-jitsu and be able to to give a show to everybody with Achilles. You know, he's always ready to scramble. I see that he's a guy that does everything, you know. So, it's going to be great to test my jiujitsu and to have fun on the mats. &gt;&gt; What was your first reaction whenever Reed revealed it and you found out you'll be taking on Achilles first round? &gt;&gt; It was actually funny because we saw each other at the elevator today and we were talking and then I was like, "Hey, Achilles, who you think that you're going to get in the first round?" And he was like, "You." And I was like, "Man, pretty much I think the same. I think it's going to be me and you, you know." So, I think that that's something that was already wrote it down, you know. So now we're just gonna go at it and see who is gonna going to get the raise the the hand raised in the the end. &gt;&gt; There we go. You guys called this one. You you expected to have Phipe first round, Achilles. &gt;&gt; Um yeah. I mean judging based off of like the opponents and seeing by skill level. I was assuming me and Felipe would be going against each other first. It's a little messed up though. They put both Brazilians first round. &gt;&gt; True. &gt;&gt; It's okay. &gt;&gt; We got to talk to Reed back in the studio and Austin about that, huh? &gt;&gt; It's a little messed up, but it's okay. I'll let it slide this time. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. What do you How do you think this match with Phipe is going to play out? &gt;&gt; Um I think it's going to be a fun match. You know, he's pretty well-rounded everywhere. Um not to be rude, but he's not particularly great anywhere, but good everywhere. So, it's going to be a fun match. A lot of scrambles for sure. &gt;&gt; And so, another thing I want to ask you about real quick, Achilles, is you're just getting bigger and bigger. You know, were you was it intentional for you to kind of put on size and come into this bracket as big as you could? No, I was getting big for the trials, but this was perfect timing. I was like, absolute, hell yeah. &gt;&gt; 30K, let's go. &gt;&gt; Nice. And then Philipe, I want to ask you, he said, you know, you're good everywhere, but not super great anywhere particularly. What do you What do you think about that? &gt;&gt; I think that it's funny, right? Since we were at the same bread at HCC, he didn't get to the point when I got it, and he's saying that I'm not great. So, it's kind of like, what are you talking about? You know what I mean? &gt;&gt; I said you're good, not great. &gt;&gt; That's it. Let's see tomorrow, right? &gt;&gt; We will. Let's see it. &gt;&gt; Philipe, do you have a prediction for this match? &gt;&gt; Uh, man, I think it's going to be it's going to be a bang. You know, we're going to go out there 9 minutes of war. I don't want to say what's going to happen. You know, I don't want to tell my secrets. So, let's see tomorrow. &gt;&gt; Achilles, what about you? You have a prediction for this one? &gt;&gt; My hand being raised. &gt;&gt; There we go. All right. Well, that's our second quarterfinal of the uh of the night. Let's kick it back over to Reed and we're going to get our third quarterfinal. Thank you, gentlemen. &gt;&gt; All right, here we go. Things are starting to get interesting here. We've got the left side of the bracket done. Now, it's time to take a look at the right side of the bracket here. Okay, so the third quarterfinal of the night will be there it is Ryan Aten taking on Michael Sainz. Now, of course, Ryan coming in here a little bit last minute after uh Roberto Jimenez pulled out via injury, but of course, Ryan has been having a very active 2025. We've seen him at at a lot of competitions recently, and but he'll have to take on the Alpha Miami black belt. Michael Sainz, who's also been having a great year. A lot of people picking him to really have a breakout year uh in 2026. So, we will see. It will all start right here. Who's Number 13 when Michael Sainz takes on Ryan Akin in the third quarterfinal of the night. Things are shaping up to be a really fun night of grappling here at Who's Number 13. So Trey, I'll throw it back to you. Get your thoughts, man. &gt;&gt; All right, there we go. The third quarter final is official here in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. You know, it seemed like both of you guys kind of reacted like a little bit of like, oh, okay, I expected this or something. So, I'll start with you, Ryan. You're kind of the late replacement of this. You replace Roberto Jimenez. Always game. We appreciate that. You know, you stepped in. No doubt about it. But what did you think about hearing that you're going to have Michael Sain's first round? &gt;&gt; Uh, first of all, I like Michael a lot. You know, we get along. Uh, we hung out at ADC Louisville Open. Um, and I like his game. I've been watching him for a while. Um, you know, I know he's very wrestle heavy. Um, I know he's got great passing. Uh when I had my Roberto match, we actually warmed up in the back for like 20 minutes. So we both got a good feel for each other's game. Uh so I expect it to be a great match. You know, I I don't think we're going to be very hesitant with each other. I &gt;&gt; mean, same question for you, Michael. What did you think whenever you heard you're going to be up against Ryan? &gt;&gt; So it's kind of funny, you know, like we were kind of talking about the bracket and I was just like, it makes the most sense for me and him. And it's kind of funny like also we had that good little match in the back warming up together. So also had a really good feel for each other. I kind of expected it almost. I was expecting either Ryan or Felipe really to be my match, but I'm really excited for my match with Ryan. I hope it's going to be a war. I I know we're going to going to scrap. I think it's going to kind of be wellrounded. I hope he wants to wrestle for a bit. Maybe hand fight me. &gt;&gt; Of course. Of course. &gt;&gt; I got you. &gt;&gt; Hand fight me for a couple minutes and then we could then play the legs and stuff. I want to kind of just go all around. I feel like these past two uh who's number ones I've been on, I haven't been able to show like the rest of my game and I kind of want to show the rest of my game and I'm super excited and I think Ryan's the right guy for it. All right. So, I also want to ask you, Ryan, about just, you know, coming in as the lay replacement. I'm sure it was probably like Ricardo who hit you up or anything. Was there any hesitation or were you just immediately like, I went in on that. I want I want to be on this eight-man bracket. &gt;&gt; Uh, zero hesitation, man. As long as uh as long as I could get the funds to get out here, you know, um on such short notice, you know, this it's totally worth it to me, you know. Um I want more experience on this wonderful stage, you know, with uh such great competition. So, um, you know, this is everything I could ask for. You know, especially since I've already been in camp for trials and stuff. You know, I feel like I'm in pretty good shape right now. Um, I have not taken a break, like a single break for the last like four competitions I've done ever since July. So, you know, I'm I'm here for the opportunity. &gt;&gt; Definitely staying active. You both kind of brought up this uh warm-up session in the back of the last who's number one. Both said you kind of got a good feel for the We guys crushed him. You guys just scrapping crushed scrapping one warm-up match. &gt;&gt; Crush. He's so lucky the cameras didn't catch that. &gt;&gt; Crushed him. &gt;&gt; Thank goodness you didn't see those cameras. That would have been rough for me. But, you know, I'm super excited, man, cuz like just off that little feel we had for each other there, man. Like I just like thinking about it, kind of thinking about the match in general, I was like, man, it's going to be a scrap. And it's also really funny in Louisville, we were talking about, you know, me being on the bracket and stuff, and I had asked him, I was like, Ryan, you're on the card. He was like, nah, man. I didn't get a call. So then it's really funny now that we're both here sitting down across from each other about a fight on one of the biggest stages in jiu-jitsu. So super cool. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; definitely. How do Do you have a prediction for how this match will play out? &gt;&gt; I want a war. I want to go to war, Ryan. Like and I want to hug each other after, but I really want a war and I think it's going to be a great match. Super excited to show you guys. &gt;&gt; Get ready to bleed. &gt;&gt; Yeah. There we go. What do you think, Ryan? Do you have a prediction for this one? War, I suppose. &gt;&gt; Get ready to bleed. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Any other prediction besides bleeding? &gt;&gt; No. No, that's it. That's &gt;&gt; all right. There we go. Everyone get ready to bleed on this one. Let's go back to Reed and Austin for our final quarterfinal of the evening. &gt;&gt; Okay, here we go everybody. The fourth and final quarterfinal of the night. We all know what it's going to be here. It only could be one thing and that will be the Pittsburgh qualifier. Justin Michael had a great performance at the Pittsburgh qualifier just last weekend and he jumps in as the eighth man in this bracket and he will be taking on the Australian Declan Moody. Now, of course, Declan's been having a great 2025. He just won trials, looked great on CJI. A lot of people think that Declan is on a short list to be the kind of best in the world, but if he proves that, he's going to have to go through Justin Michael. Two guys who have never fought each other. Believe all these matchups are guys who have never faced off against each other. So there you go. The fourth and quarter the fourth and final quarterfinal of the night. Justin Michael versus Declan Moody. All the quarterfinals are set now. The rest is up to you guys. But Trey, I'll throw it back one final time to Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania to get the thoughts of this final group. &gt;&gt; All right, there we go. Our final quarterfinal of the night. Declan Moody and Justin Michael. Got the boys up here putting the names down. There we go. Just the Declan. He's like Prince, just a single name. Now Justin Michael Dean, you can sit on this side over there. Sorry. There we go. Thank you, Justin. You want to take a seat right there? So, obviously this one rounds out our eightman bracket. A super stacked bracket. I'm excited for this one. I think this one has a fun dynamic. For anyone who doesn't know, Justin Michael competed last weekend here at the same venue. Had an eight-man bracket where he won to qualify and secure the final spot here at who's number 130. And he's going to be taking on arguably the one seed, Declan Moody, in this one. So, I guess I'll start with you, Justin. You know, whenever you heard this qualifying bracket was going down, there was an opportunity to earn your way onto a who's number one card. You know, what were your thoughts? Was it an immediate like I went in on that? How did you feel about that opportunity? &gt;&gt; So, yeah, when I was working with 247 and Hunter messaged me about the qualifying bracket, I was all in immediately. No questions asked. I said, "Let me know when to be there, what I need to do." Um, I'm still riding the the high from last weekend. It was uh fantastic. And I've enjoyed working with uh Flo this week, talking with you guys, uh doing everything with the media, and I could not be happier with this first round matchup. Uh, when we talked earlier this week, I told you I wanted either Dante or Declan, and this worked out perfectly. &gt;&gt; What What makes you happy about this matchup? &gt;&gt; Because I have nothing to lose and everything to prove, right? I could shock the world with this matchup. Um, even if I can keep this man from passing my guard, huge win for me. &gt;&gt; I did a video with Declan. I I couldn't quite do that, but you know, you might have better luck than me. But Declan, I also want to ask you, you know, uh you're going to have Justin. Justin's the qualifier representing kind of the local scene here and everything. Did you have a prediction for who you might have first round? And what do you think about how it ended up being Justin? &gt;&gt; I didn't want to come in with a prediction. I just I said in my head that no matter who I fought, I'm just going to give my best. I obviously watched Justin compete and what a phenomenal performance he put on last weekend. I'm very excited to have this match with him. &gt;&gt; Definitely. We saw Justin hit a couple leg locks, you know, a sick final, everything. What was it? Was there anything that stood out about Justin's game while you were uh watching that? &gt;&gt; I think just how determined he was to find the finish. He was just hunting the whole time. It It was like no stalling and that's what I want. I want I want these matches that are going to be exciting. So Justin, another question for you. What does it mean to you not just to be here on a who's number one card, but also to be in this eight-man bracket? &gt;&gt; Uh like I said, it's a it's a massive opportunity. huge opportunity just to be in the qualifying bracket, but to win it and actually be here with these guys and go through this whole process and and be on stage under the lights tomorrow. I could not be more excited. &gt;&gt; Declan, same question for you. Competing here at Who's One, but also in the eightman, the potential of winning the openweight belt where then you can challenge any other uh title holder at Who's Number One. What does that mean to you? &gt;&gt; Means a lot. you know, I worked 15 years to like get to these opportunities and now I'm just trying to capitalize on every opportunity I'm given and I'm I'm blessed to be here to live the life that I do. You know, put a lot of hard work and a lot of people help get me here and now I just want to try and capitalize on my opportunities. &gt;&gt; Nice. Do you have a prediction for this first round matchup? &gt;&gt; Just a scrap. &gt;&gt; What about you, Justin? &gt;&gt; I agree. &gt;&gt; There we go. We're going to be scrapping. What about for the other side of the bracket, Declan? You got any predictions for who who you think might come through the other side? Uh, Philip's always an amazing competitor. Uh, we trained a lot in the CGI camp and he's an unbelievable uh, athlete. Uh, and then I think Dante, you can't uh, you kind of never write Dante off, especially in Absolute. He's an amazing competitor and definitely got the the best resume of all the guys in the bracket. &gt;&gt; What about you, Justin? Any predictions for the other side? &gt;&gt; I would have to agree. You can't look past Dante at all. Um, but man, what an upset it would be to lose to 10th planet in the first round, huh? &gt;&gt; Old Goop Ice, you know, been holding it down over at Finishers. The ice age might be coming for Pennsylvania. But look forward to seeing both of you guys out there. Thank you so much for being a part of this bracket. And uh, up next, we're going to talk to our first super fight of the evening, Gutenberg Pera and Devonte Johnson. [Music] All right, we're back now with the first of our three super fights that are be going going to go down on who's number 130. We got the big boys up here. You know, I'm kind of trying to puff my chest out a little bit. Let you know, I'm not too small now, but I look small next to you guys. We got Devonte and Gutenberg. I'll start with you, Devonte. What do you think about this matchup against Gutenberg? &gt;&gt; Um, I'm Well, first I'm very happy to be here and um &gt;&gt; hold that mic a little closer. &gt;&gt; Oh, sorry about that. First, I'm very happy to be here uh competing on the Who's Number One stage, and my first match will be against a very high quality opponent uh who's very well-rounded. Uh he can do jiu-jitsu at every stage of uh of the sport. you know, he's a good guard player, good passer, great stand up, good submission attacks, too. So, I'm excited to see how the exchanges go. &gt;&gt; For sure. Gutenberg, same question for you. What does it mean to be here on Who's One and going up against uh Devonte? &gt;&gt; Yeah, first of all, uh thank you for the opportunity, of course, and uh I'm happy to be here to uh it's been it's been a long time that I don't compete in OG. And uh when I was talking to to Ricardo, I was like, "Man, give him a guy that it's going to be good. It's going to make sense. I don't want to build up. I don't want anything. I want to I want a good match." He was like, "I have the perfect guy for you." And I was like, "Okay, deal." And he said, "Don't I was like, that's amazing. I know him for a long time. I know he can put on the show. I know I can put on the show. So, I'm really excited to to face him. It's his first time on the on the event. I think it's my first time, too. So, definitely going to be good &gt;&gt; for sure. I've kind of said uh in some like media and stuff that with NOI as a fan, you're a little bit of the one that got away cuz you won trials and you were going to be at ADCC 2022 and then had to pull out and we really haven't seen much of you NOGI since and so it's like exciting to see you come back and both of you to be making your who's one debut. You know, it's obviously such a big deal, but it's cool to see you in Noi. I'm just curious why uh why you kind of are coming back into the NOGI world now. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Unfortunately, like I guess in every athlete's life and I and I guarantee you 50% of the people here is like through pain, but they still here put trying to put on the show like the majority of the people the majority of our lives. But unfortunately at that time I have some injuries that kind of like was more important for me to take care of myself than put my body through even when I was injured. So I was like, "Okay, I guess I got to stay in the ghee a little bit because I can kind of control the pace. The pace in no ghee is very high. It's like it's nothing to kind of like play guard and hold on or passing and hold on." So it's like I was like, "Okay, let me heal up uh in the way that I wanted to do because it's so hard for me to come here once to perform in the way that I want to perform and not be able to because my body is not allowing me. So I was waiting for the for the right moment of my body to okay now's the time and now I feel comfortable and I definitely feel that I belong here. So that's the time. &gt;&gt; And then Devonte you know I feel like because you've competed so much no gee recently everything people might forget that you know you kind of came up through the ghee and everything have some ghee accolades of your own. So I'm curious what difference do you think it makes for a guy who's kind of been competing a lot doing a lot of no ghee versus a guy kind of transitioning over from ghee to noi? Does that make a difference at all? in a matchup like this. Yeah, I mean my uh my my stance on this might be a little bit biased uh being that as you said I was a ghee guy first, but I think a lot of the highest level gee guys, they make a very smooth transition into the nogi scene and I think that competing um under the the like the ghee rule sets and just competing with the ghee, there's a level of control and like positional like uh uh structure that they have to their games that kind of makes it a little bit easier to transition like into Nogi. And then like when they get there, all they have to really do is just focus on trying to like funnel that towards like good submissions once they get into the dominant positions. At least that's the way I looked at it, you know. And so I don't expect for Gutenberg to have much of a learning curve uh as he comes into this stage. I think he's going to be like kind of like in his best form and I expect that and I feel like I'm in my best form right now. Um I've been probably at the best year like career-wise Noi for myself. So now I'm just kind of looking to display that on a bigger stage and I have a great opponent to do that with. &gt;&gt; There we go. We can expect some good jiu-jitsu out of Gutenberg, huh? Ghee, no ghee, doesn't matter. Uh, do you have a prediction for how this match is going to play out? &gt;&gt; Um, I just think that it's going to be a very explosive match. I think it's going to be a very like uh high pace and hopefully I'm the guy that comes out on top uh on the windcom. I'm sure he feels the same. You know, no disrespect, but I think we're both here to win and hopefully I'm the one who gets their hand raised at the end. &gt;&gt; Same question for you, Gutenberg. How do you uh see this match playing out? What's your prediction? &gt;&gt; Uh I know his game for a long time. I have been watching him. We watch each other for a long time. We have been in the same tournaments many times. Uh we're not in different divisions, but we always watch each other. So, I know the pace he has. I know I know his goods. He know my goods, too. And but I definitely like I guess for the gap that I have for so long so long to not fighting no ghee I can come with a little surprise for him. So I hope to put to put that tomorrow but definitely like I like he said it's like it's going to be a high pace match. I wanted to win. He wants to win but uh also I wanted to perform and I hope he wants to perform too so everybody that's watching at home can feel like okay these guys put their put their everything there and that's what I want. I hope that's what he wants to &gt;&gt; for sure &gt;&gt; and let's put together. &gt;&gt; There we go. Can expect a good one here. One last question for each of you guys. Do you have somebody that you got your eye on that could potentially win this eightman bracket? Maybe a prediction. &gt;&gt; Uh man, um I have I have some guys that I think it's the favorite. Uh but it's going to be a tough match. I got &gt;&gt; Thinking through the political answer right now, huh? &gt;&gt; Yeah. I'm I'm I'm kind of like I I kind of I I have an idea, but &gt;&gt; Gotcha. &gt;&gt; I passed the the the torch. &gt;&gt; What about you, Devonte? &gt;&gt; Um this is tough, right? Because I feel like Ryan Aken, for example, has been seemingly on fire. So is Declan. And uh but man, Michael Sainz is really good, too. I hope I pronounced his last name right. And um bro, Achilles, I don't know, man. He's young. he's uh he just keeps getting getting better and better. So, it's hard to say. And you know, Dante's like the kind of like the consistent veteran, but I I wouldn't be surprised to see like Declan and [Music] I'd say Declan and Dante or Achilles in the finals. &gt;&gt; All right, there we go. Well, make sure you guys tune in tomorrow, not just to watch this banger of a match, to watch the eightman bracket. Up next, we're going to talk to Trinity Pun and Sarah Galval. Thank you, guys. All right, we're back now with our second super fight of the evening where we're going to see Trinity Pun taking on Sarah Galva. I'll start with you, Trinity. What What was it like whenever you got the call from Ricardo and they potentially offered you a match, you know, and then you heard it was going to be against Sarah Galva? What did you think of that? &gt;&gt; I was super excited. I just had finished training and I checked my phone and I seen I got a message from Ricardo and I was like, "Oh, what could this be?" And then he was like, "Oh, do you want to match with Sarah?" And as soon as I seen it was Sarah, I was like, "Of course I do." I didn't even look at the weight class at first. I was like, "Oh, like what weight it was going to be at, but it was at 145." And as soon as I heard that, I was like, "Yeah, I'm totally down. She's a decorated athlete, one of the best in the world. So, it's a good opportunity, and this is definitely going to be like my biggest match of my career." So, yeah, &gt;&gt; for sure. Sarah, same question. What did you think whenever you got offered the Trinity Pun match? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, I'm definitely I guess I would say in my nogi era if you must. Um, I've been doing a lot more noi now and um fighting someone who dedicates their life and their sport right now to noi um can be uh different for me. I guess I've been fighting people who fight both and uh she's very dedicated to noi. So, and me who just entered the noi uh concept of the sport now can be uh different a new experience I would say for me. So, um, I'm excited to see how our games play out with each other. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, it's not that long ago you were competing at Brown Belt Worlds, you know, and just got your black belt. And just with talking with you and everything, I thought kind of focusing on the ghee might be your focus for that rookie year black belt, but then you've kind of went all in on NOI now so far. I'm just curious, you know, what kind of led you into this uh NOI focus at this stage in your career? &gt;&gt; Well, it was supposed to be Ghee. like my main focus was always the ghee, but um once the CGI offered came up, it was just an opportunity that you cannot miss. Even with the outcome that happened with me, I think it opened up so much more opportunities as well. And I think I am respected on a different level in the Nogi aspect now cuz now I've been fighting Nogi after Nogi after Nogi, you know. So, um clearly for who's number one to want me back, I I'm doing something right, you know. So um I think that uh I even after CGI I'm after losing it like opened up a door and a window for me and made me think of Nogi in a different way. So I think that after that I dedicated a lot more of my my camp to Nogi and I think I've uh completed some flaws that were there. So I think I feel a lot better and more comfortable in Nogi &gt;&gt; for sure. So Trinity, I want to ask you because in this situation, you know, you're both very young. You both have a long career ahead of you, but I would consider you kind of more of the the veteran in some regards. You've been on who's won before, had deep trials, runs and everything. So, what do you think about uh the experience aspect of a match like this versus someone kind of young and hungry like Sarah? Does that play a factor at all in this? &gt;&gt; Um, like I said last time, WNO like sub only is my favorite role set. Last time I was on an undercard, it was nine minutes, so I feel like the like the motion was just starting to happen and then the match ended. This is on the main card, so it's 15 minutes long. I feel like you're going to see some high level jiu-jitsu from the both of us and it's just going to be all fireworks from us. &gt;&gt; Do you have a prediction for the match with Sarah? &gt;&gt; Um, I think it's just going to be a great match overall. We're going to give the crowd what they want to see. Technical jiu-jitsu like I said and all high level as well. &gt;&gt; Definitely. And Sarah, you're kind of just accumulating experience very quickly right now, you know, since you've gotten your black belt. But, uh, does it make a difference at all going up against someone like Trinity who kind of, you know, has been on some big stages and stuff before? &gt;&gt; Yeah, she's definitely more used to the rule set of submission only, right? I've never fought a competition that was 15 minutes long. So, that's going to be something to look forward to as well. Um, but just excited to see how our games kind of play out because I think they're very opposite in a way. So, um, I think that's what will make it more entertaining. Um, because, um, we both have, uh, I would say an advantage in different areas. So, I think it's going to be exciting. I think I've prepared a lot for it. I haven't stopped training noi basically since my camp for CGI. So, I feel um uh very sharp basically. &gt;&gt; All right, there you have it. This is our second super fight of the evening. Thank you both for talking to me. Up next, we're going to talk to Gavin Corby and Owen Jones. &gt;&gt; All right, we're back now with our final super fight of the evening where we're going to see Gavin Corby going up against Owen Jones. two very experienced, two kind of hot right now grapplers on the scene. I'll start with you, Gavin. What did you think about uh this match with Owen Jones whenever they asked you about it? &gt;&gt; Uh I didn't think too much about it. Uh Greg just hit me up said, "Hey, you want to fight on uh WNL?" I was like, "Yeah." Then he said it was going to be Owen Jones. And again, I don't care who I face. Uh put anyone in front of me is going to be the same. I'm going to show up and uh try to compete. So &gt;&gt; when you have a big match like this, do you look at your opponent's game at all? even if you don't mind who it is, but do you kind of study them and plan for them accordingly or just do your thing? &gt;&gt; Uh, no, I don't study. Uh, I don't watch jiu-jitsu that much at all actually. Uh, yeah, I just do my game. It's really just trusting in my ability ability to uh just do jiu-jitsu. Uh, I don't even know what I'm going to do tomorrow. Uh, usually how matches go is uh we slap bump I everything's kind of a blur, then someone's hands being raised. So, There we go. Owen, what did you think about uh this match with Gavin Corby whenever they brought it to you? &gt;&gt; I mean, initially when I accepted the match, it was DeAndre. You know, everyone knows who DeAndre is. I know people don't know who this is, but I'll introduce him right now. This is Gavin. This is DeAndre's big little brother. You know, I'm saying he's looking a little bit small, 153 today, but he is the older brother somehow. &gt;&gt; I'm not I'm not the older. I'm four years younger than DeAndre. &gt;&gt; Oh, sorry. Okay, so little little brother. There we go. Little brother. Makes sense. Uh but yeah, I'm excited. Obviously, they both scrap, but I'm going to show the levels. I think that there's definitely a big discrepancy in skill on this one for sure. So, I'm going to He's going to figure out tomorrow how uh big the skill gap is for sure. &gt;&gt; Do you think there's a skill gap here, Gavin? &gt;&gt; Oh, no. I guess we'll see tomorrow. &gt;&gt; Did you going into this, did you know that Owen was probably going to try and, you know, have some good lines and and there would be a little bit of banter back and forth? I wonder if you prepared for that at all or if that's a factor. &gt;&gt; Lay it on me. I could take it. I could take it. &gt;&gt; No, no, diddy, man. You can't be saying that. That's crazy. There's been too much glazing on this press conference. &gt;&gt; You But I appreciate that actually. You know, there's too many people just saying, "Oh, it's going to be a scrap. I respect my opponent. We're here to spice it up." You know, I'm going to smoke Gavin and that is it. Simple as that. &gt;&gt; How do you see the match playing out? &gt;&gt; However I want. If I want to take him down, pass his guard, choke him, I can. If I want to pull guard, leg lock, I can. You know what I'm saying? It's up to me really. I can just dictate where the match goes and I'm really confident in my skill set. &gt;&gt; What about you, Gavin? Do you think there's a certain way that this match is going to play out &gt;&gt; again? I don't even know what's going to happen. Uh, every time I compete, we slap bump. I let my body do its thing and uh, yeah, I'm just trusting that I'm going to be &gt;&gt; saying some crazy things right now, man. &gt;&gt; I think it's I think it's common. &gt;&gt; You want me to talk trash? &gt;&gt; Look at me in my eyes as well, man. Come on. &gt;&gt; I can't I can't without laughing. and I can't without laughing. &gt;&gt; So, obviously your coach, Greg Saers, is uh pretty notorious in the jiu-jitsu scene now. You know, makes a lot of headlines, a lot of waves, you know, with the ecological approach and everything. I know you said you don't watch or study jiu-jitsu much, but I'm curious if if Greg kind of builds out a game plan for you, if her if he finds any way to kind of prepare for an opponent like Owen. I think he does. I just trust Greg a lot and whatever he thinks I need to work on during practice, he will tell me and I usually just follow whatever he says. Um, we have a pretty good relationship and I I trust him with basically my life. So, if he tells me to work on some game, whatever, uh, I'll do it. &gt;&gt; Here's holy glaze, man. This is not This is glazing, man. &gt;&gt; Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Yo, Greg is a good friend, right? Coach, athlete, I'm not going to uh argue him on on the details of trying to prepare for something. Is there anything specific that he kind of pointed out about Owen's game to you or anything going into this that you guys are kind of hip to or thinking about for this matchup? &gt;&gt; Oh, you might have to speak to him about it. Again, I'm just an athlete. I show up to practice. I put in the work and that's literally all I could do. The outcome is beyond my control. It's all about preparation. So, &gt;&gt; yeah. All right, Owen, what about you? Is there anything about Gavin's game specifically that you've been kind of watching &gt;&gt; him? No, I thought it was DeAndre. I swear I thought I thought I was going to fight DeAndre, but then, you know, it's switch up. I just accept any match right now. I'm trying to stay as active as possible. You know, I have a couple comps lined up. You know, the one thing I'm happy about is the the night outs I've been spending at Onyx, you know, cuz I'm going to be fighting late at 10 p.m. So, all them late nights in Atlanta are now going to pay off tomorrow and he's going to be tired. I know he's got he goes to bed early. All them late nights that I've been spending, that's going to prevail tomorrow for sure. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. Gavin, one last question. you know, whenever you take to the mats at who's number 130 tomorrow, what can the fans expect from you in this match with Owen? &gt;&gt; Uh, new line. Come on. New line. Something different. &gt;&gt; I do not I can't I don't even know what to expect of myself. I just know I know how to do jiu-jitsu. And &gt;&gt; say you're going to win or something. Just believe, man. You got to believe in yourself. &gt;&gt; I do believe in myself. It's all preparation. &gt;&gt; You said you have no control of the outcome. You have full control of the outcome. You got to put on me. I'm going to put on you. &gt;&gt; All the control comes into the preparation. Nah, &gt;&gt; there we go. The preparation's been done for Gavin Corby. &gt;&gt; It's not over. The preparation's not over, man. We ain't there yet. Preparation ends when they shake hands. That's when the preparation ends. &gt;&gt; What do you think, Owen? What can the fans expect from you tomorrow in this match with Gavin? &gt;&gt; To be honest, I think we are both going to go for the kill. That's basically what I've seen from his style. At least you guys when you were glazing him top five submissions, I saw he was hitting out some submissions. Same with me. Always hunting the sub. I definitely think I'm going to go out there, put on a show. That's the most important thing for me is being entertaining for people, you know. Nobody wants to watch somebody who's just boring. Also, nobody wants to watch press conferences where people are just saying, "Oh, I can't wait for tomorrow, man." Yeah, I'm so excited. No, this is no shade at you. This is actually everyone on the card to be fair. And also, shade at you. But, you know, &gt;&gt; I'm trying to mess this guy up. &gt;&gt; It doesn't even have to be like that. Just something more original, you know. So, I trying to be myself as much as possible and show that through my jiu-jitsu and show that through the press conference, you know, trying to, you know, a little bit more now. spent some time in Atlanta. So, I think I do a good job at kind of expressing myself and that is what I'm going to try and do tomorrow for sure. &gt;&gt; All right, there we have it. The third super fight of the evening. Going to see Gavin Corby going up against Owen Jones. Like I said, who's number 130, the eightman openweight bracket. Three super fights, four undercard matches. It's all going down Friday, October 24th. Make sure you guys get your tickets if you're in the Pittsburgh area or go to flowgrappling.com to watch the full event and we'll see you guys there. &gt;&gt; When do I get to fight you? Whenever you want. &gt;&gt; Let's go. Right now. Run it up. &gt;&gt; That press conference, I I'll run circles around you. &gt;&gt; Come on, big dog. &gt;&gt; All right. Thank you, guys. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. N. [Music] Heat up here.