Kind: captions Language: en the current middleweight champion going up against Mika Galval, the challenger and the current welterweight champion. But we're going through the main card on this press conference. So to kick it off, I want to ask Jonathus the champion. Jonas says, "How does it feel to show up to this?" Who's number one as the champ? You're good. Back to the champ. Do I? Yeah. Like I don't have nothing to say. Just be happy here. So happy for sure. So we've seen you twice now in who's number one, right? against Oliver Taza and uh your other match was against Jacob Couch for the title and now you have Mika Galva. I'm curious what's what's different this time for you going up against Ma a lot. It's growing adapt but yeah like the I I said that the last interview I say the same thing like uh I'm the champ, he's the champ, right? The Vent need to like fight. I'm here. He's here. Let's fight like Yeah. Let's gonna give the bat show for everybody for sure. Yeah. So, Mika, I want to ask you, you know, we've seen you in the welterweight division more so recently. You uh got the belt at Who's number one? Night of Champions. We've seen you defend it twice. What made you want to jump up to the the middleweight division and compete now for the middleweight belt? Um, so for me, it's not a matter of like, oh, all right, I got my belt. I just want to keep defending it, you know, and keep it in there in the in the wall. It's something a little brighter and bigger than that. I want to keep trying to challenge myself. Uh Jonathan is the champion of the 185. Uh he's like the the weight class that is above me. So of course uh it would be my first uh initial objective and thought of going against and then uh of course if I'm talking about growing bigger and looking for even more and more and more trying to get more records I know there's someone already with two uh belton who's number one. So my objective is I'm like basically the game. I want to have as many as possible. So maybe the 185 is not going to be the last one that I'm going to be looking for. Uh if everything goes accordingly, everything goes well, maybe going to look for a 205 and see until where I can go. Gotcha. So uh we've seen Jonathus twice on who's number one both times. He had very dominant uh decision wins, you know, and we saw his ability to kind of like control his opponents positionally very well, you know, put on a dominant game. I'm curious, what do you think about Jonatus' jiu-jitsu? I feel like Jonathu is such like a very step-by-step jiu-jitsu. Uh I've been watching him since I was like a little kid and we were been talking about it on the backstage that he watched me growing up from like a warrant belt until later the black belt and uh in all his matches I see this very well controlled pace where he tires out his opponents. He's able to use uh his physical and technique wise to uh get to his his points where he he tries to maintain control there and then eventually get the win. And uh my style is a little bit more on the opposite side where I'm like, as I said in the interview, I'm kind of like a little chaos bubble where I'm trying to, you know, clear the path and trying to go for submission, trying to always innovate, always uh uh expressing myself through my jiu-jitsu, which is I believe what I I've been doing my whole life. It's just like there's a confidence out there. I'm painting my art and that's uh what I believe my G2 is. Nice. Jonas, I want to ask you kind of the same question. You know, we've seen Mika a lot on who's number one. He does have a different style like he said, you know, kind of gets into some crazy scrambles and opens up a lot. A little different from your style. What do you think of Mika's jiu-jitsu? Incredible. So nice. Why? Like he sure for everybody why he jiu-jitsu. Um uh of course everybody know like I say impossible to win, right? But he's proved he's the best. Why for his division? So now he's going to test my division. Let's going to see. I also want to ask you, you know, how has uh things changed for you and everything now that you're training more at AOJ? Has that changed your game a lot or is it is it more the same? You know, what's different at AOJ? So, of course, like it's your friends. Why Professor Gil is amazing professor? But it's like I say like it's time why I invest the time to improve. Let's going to see like in this time I have now like six month training over there. Let's going to see how much I improve. So obviously this is a bit of a special match whenever we have two champions going up against each other. And so I just want to ask what's what does it mean to be a who's number one champion? What does that mean to you? Speechless, right? You know, it's it's such an incredible thing you don't even have words. What would it mean to you to leave tomorrow with uh with the belt and be a a middleweight champion still, but also have a defense on your title? I don't know. Tough questions here, right? Yes. Yeah, tough questions. I don't like to say nothing about this. Yeah, that's fair. You don't have to. Ma, I got same question for you. What would it mean for you as the challenger to come in and get the win and leave with the middleweight championship belt? Um, you wouldn't mean like as far as like the title, of course, is amazing. Who's number one is I believe uh one of the greatest events in the world as far as like grappling, but uh the title itself would make me very happy. But, uh, seeing myself trying out my jiu-jitsu against the top-notch and toughest opponents on earth, that's my objective. And if I came out out of that night, uh, with the belt or not, but just like really giving out my best, really improving my game and feeling like I evolved. That's my my motto. I'm like, okay, uh, the public enjoyed, I enjoyed, I was able to evolve, I got stuff out of this, I'm happy, and that's u what I want for life. I just want to keep getting better and better and better and giving even more of like a show to everyone who's watching. What can the fans expect from you tomorrow whenever you take the mats against Jonathus? Scrambles just like uh me trying to always evolve myself and you know given my best out there always we're uh we're friends while we we we talk a lot but uh when we're in the mat there we're just both like enjoying what we chose for our life which is jiu-jitsu. We're in a war but at the same time at peace. Gotcha. Jonathus, last question for you. What can the fans expect from you whenever you take the mats against Ma? So, I'm going to give my 100%. I have a lot of things to do in my life, and this is my opportunity to to take. Awesome. Well, there you guys have it. Make sure you tune in. This will be the main event of the evening, the last match on the card where we're going to see middleweight champion Jonath Gracie going up against welterweight champion Mika Galva. Up next for the press conference, we're going to talk to Shanji Habo and Kit Dale. All right, now we have our co-main event of the evening where we're going to see Shanji Habero taking on Kitale. A bit of a another legends match here on Who's Number One. I'll kick it off with you Shanji. Last time we saw you was against Boogie Martinez. You came out, got the submission. The crowd went absolutely nuts. you know, how does it feel to be back on a who's number one? Uh, it's a pleasure to be called up with pawn here again, you know, facing a legendary, you know, Australian like first gen generation of Australians to come out. So, for me, it's great. Uh, a very different style, you know, from from Boogie to kit and I'm just excited to come to California and show my jiu-jitsu. Was there any uh hesitancy or anything when Ricardo called you? Were you like, I don't know, maybe I want or were you right back into it, I'll do the next W? Uh definitely I always said I'm ready. Definitely I was already training you know with the ghee and everything and uh yeah I'm always training with Victor Philip those guys Lovado. So they always in shape they keep me in shape. I made a point of being shape the whole year. So just give him a call just give me enough notice you know and I'll be here. And like I said when he said keep I thought was an amazing uh matchup for my style uh also hairstyle. So, um, you know, he just came out of a great victory. You know, come out of retirement as well, if you call this a retirement. But, yeah, I'm excited for this one. Yeah, I think this should be a potentially reverse hair match. You know, normally guys have to shave their head. I think the losers should have to grow their hair as long like maybe a year of growth. I don't know. Just throwing that out there for you guys. But, Kit, I want to ask you also, we saw you recently at the Giles trial for CJI, but before that, you know, we haven't seen you on the scene in a little bit. What made you want to kind of get back into competition and come out here and uh compete not just at tri the Giles trial but also now on who's number one? I've been wanting to get back into jiu-jitsu for a long time. Uh I've been training all the way through. It was just I was so far into the film making world that I really wanted to make sure that I got a movie out before I can allow myself to to train and compete again. And I was in Australia and it was just the right time. He had the event on. Um originally I wasn't going to be there at that point and then I then I said listen if someone drops out I'll do it. and someone did drop out and it was it was great. It was just really good to be back in Australia to be honest like there was a lot of really good training there and I got a lot of motivation from all the young guys coming through because you know when I was training originally in Australia it was very new but now there's so many unbelievably talented people like Declan on this card as well that are phenomenal. So it it really motivated me to get back into it uh and had a lot of fun competing in that in that tournament. Whenever you got the call and they said it would be against Shani, what did you think about that right away? I was looking for any kind of excuse not to because I was scared to be honest. And then and then I just thought honestly it's like Shanji Shanji is a legend in the sport and uh he's been one of my idols since I first started. I remember seeing him on magazines and um so it would be an honor for me to share the mats with him and I also think it's a great stylistic matchup where he's got a phenomenal guard and I really like to work on my guard passing so I I think it'll be a lot of fun as a matchup. So, I saw a video of you where you talked about some unconventional uh methods you've been using ahead of this match. You know, a little a little voodoo and whatnot. Is it you've been doing some uh some crazy stuff to try and get a get ahead in this one? Yeah, that was a bit of a failure. I got, like I said, there was a two for one deal on the voodoo dolls and they look very similar, so I was kind of pinching one of their backs and I ended up putting my own back out. So, that was bad. So, we threw that away. But, I have been seeing, like I said, the the tarot lady and and she's been predicting a lot of um a lot of good things. I just I don't know who for. I think she might have said Shanji. Um, so that's was meant to give me the edge, but I think I wasted my time there. I should have just been training, I think. Yeah, I guess we'll see tomorrow where uh, you know, that ends up helping the most. But Shanji, what was what was your training like for this one? Anything special going on for you or just business as usual? Uh, just look in the mirror and then about it. Uh, no. Uh, which is interesting because uh, Kit has a very similar game uh, to me on top. like he said, I think uh I'm definitely gonna do parts of my game that I would like to have done against against uh Boogie, you know. So, basically, when you train with Victor, you know, Philip, those guys, I'm basically on the bottom all the time anyway. But yeah, man, it's been a been a great camp. I think, like I said, Kit, I think he's a great opponent. I can see myself just developing my skills. The the the there's no worry about points anyway. So, we'll see what's going to happen. you know, his body style, you know, he's a little shorter than me, so can be very difficult to get access to his limbs or something like this. But yeah, I'm prepared. It's been it's been really good. Uh I did shield myself against the voodoo, you know. It kind of worked a little bit at the at the the pyramid, but uh actually made me better. I'm way lighter than than I was. Training camp was great. You know, we'll see see what's going to happen. Maybe he'll just guard pull in the street. I don't know. Would you guar? Would you guard pull? 100%. Oh, it's a street fight. Thinking about doing it yourself. We're starting right now. Okay. Come at me. What uh what would it mean to you to come out and get your second win on the who's number one stage? Shanji. Um you know that's what I do. You know I don't think change so much. Uh we we having a big discussion about rules. I don't think rules determine my game. What deter my game is my willing to just go there and break an act and twist an arm. And that's no difference. you know, I think who's number one for me stylistically is really good because it's a longer match. I can wear my opponents down. Uh just enjoy, you know, and uh like I said, I've been doing this for way too long and I think I have 15 minutes to find a gap and once I find the gap, I'm really I think the biggest thing about my game is that I don't lose many opportunities and then that's one of the things that I really want to I really want to focus on. You know, I had my last match one guard pass, one submission attempt and that's what I'm going to try. You know, I know I've watched kids so many times and he's very difficult to get a hold of him. Uh like I said, he his defense game is really good. He's he has a very historic game and uh yeah, we'll see what's going to happen. 15 minutes. It's going to be a show coming event. You know, he's never, you know, it's cool to be in a common event in a card with Mika, two boys from the Amazon. I think this really motivates me a lot, you know, and I think the the crowning custom are going to going to be for a treat. Nice. Same same question for you, Kit. you know, what would it mean to you to come out and get a win in your Who's number one debut? I mean, look, I'm 39 years old now, nearly 40. For me, it's not about wins and losses. It's about life and death. And uh if I lose this match, I'm going to put myself in a vat of acid. And I don't know if you can live with that, knowing that you've allowed me to die like that when you could have easily let me win and and uh survive. So, that's that's on you. I don't know if you've got the conscious for that. No. Uh, you know, I I I almost I don't really care about the wins or losses. I just want to put on a a really good match and have a really good um turnout. And uh and if that means that I end up winning, I'd be very happy as it's against Shanji, one of the legends. Um but more importantly, I just want to make sure that I show what I can do as much as I can. Awesome. Well, there you guys have it. The stakes are very high for this one. I did not realize they were so high before this, but um looking forward to seeing how this one goes down tomorrow. Up next, we're going to talk to Lucas Hulk Barbosa and Dory All. All right. Now, we're here with Lucas Hulk Barbosa and Dory All. So, this one was a lastminute replacement match. As I said previously in some videos, we're originally going to have Luke Griffith going up against Felipe Penna. Philipe had to pull out. That match is postponed to a later who's number one card. So, we had to call two guys that we can trust, two guys that we know are always down to throw down on the who's number one mass. So, we ended up with Hulk Barbosa and Dorian. I'll start with you, Hulk. You know, whenever you got to kind of the last minute call, were you immediately in? Was there any hesitancy? What was your thoughts right away? Yeah. Um, you know, I was I've been like almost like 10 months without competing, so I've been craving to fight. And then when this opportunity came, I was like, "Yeah, why not? I'm already training. I'm already feeling good." So, uh, and then they offered the fight, uh, with the some opponents, but they offer with Dory. It was like, "Yeah, let's go." You know, I think it's also a good match. He's like forward and me, too. So, perfect. Let's go. Yeah. Whenever you heard it would be against Dory, was there anything uh about Dory specifically that excited you? Anything that you thought like how the match would play out or anything that made you really want to do it? Um I think it would be good a good match because you know he's been one of the uh active competitors and uh uh he's been you know showing his uh his work out there. So it would be really good to fight with a guy with a high level because I want to test myself as well. We fought like many probably like many years like three years ago or something like this and today he's like a different opponent so I'm I'm also like a different athlete. So, I'm looking forward to, you know, to test it out our skills on this new chapter. So, awesome. And so, Dory, kind of similar question to you. I actually was talking to you at the World Championship, right? That was just last week and uh we were talking about this who's number one. And you said, man, if something opens up, you need somebody, you know, I'm always ready and then here you are about to compete on the card, you know. So, I guess what was it like when you got that call? I I knew you'd be down. But, you know, was there any did you have any hesitancy or was it right away you were in? I mean, I have shirts that literally say stay down. So, we're always down, always ready for any challenge. Ricardo's probably tired of me messaging him, "Hey, bro. I know you're in Costa Mesa. I'm down the street. Someone pulls out, I'm ready. Shoot me a DM. I'm ready." So, I'm pumped. I've been training hard. I mean, there's never like a camp for an event, right? We We always stay ready and uh we're on the mats 10 hours a day every day. So, we stay ready and stay down. always up for a challenge and ready to show uh more of my game out here. Yeah, there's not really an offseason in jiu-jitsu, right? It's kind of you always got to be ready. But also, that's a good note. If any if the number one way to get on who's number one card, just blow up Ricardo Ammonia on Instagram, just non-stop messaging him and maybe he'll get you on the undercard or something. But, uh whenever he said it would be against Hulk, what what did you think about that matchup? I mean, Ricardo could tell you, I just said, "Anybody, anywhere, any weight, 185, 205, whatever it's going to be, let's let's run it." I feel like I'm one of the best in the world, so anyone can get it at any time. So, I I'm in. Let's go. How do you think this match is going to play out tomorrow against uh Lucas? So, Lucas uh we fought three years ago and uh I was new to the jiu-jitsu scene and everything at that time and I feel like I'm a totally different competitor now and I'm ready to make some adjustments and and come at him. So, let's do it. Same question for you, uh Lucas. How do you kind of think this match is going to play out against Dory? Um, not really sure, man. I just know that we're gonna go after each other and I know he's an exciting opponent. Um, just like he said, he's like he's ready. He's been competing a lot. He's on he's active and I'm looking for someone like this too, you know, to go out there and put on a show. So, whatever it goes, we're going to go for scrap and it's going to be a good one. Definitely. I think everyone at home can expect, you know, fireworks in this matchup. But up next, we're going to talk to Paige, I bet K Climber, and Kani Ramos. All right, up now we have Paige Evette Climber and Kani Ramos. Um, I'm excited for this match. I think both of you come out with a very forward style. You're down to scrap. You know, you're down to throw down. So, I'm stoked you're both here. I'll start with you, Paige. You know, this is your second time on Who's Number One, right? Or am I missing some? Okay, second time. All right. All right. I messed that up before that matter. I know. I know. Yeah, exactly. Um, what does it mean to you to kind of get the call to come back and do another match here on Who's Number One? Literally a dream. like this fight promotion is so well put together and then you guys have the most fire matches and there's something about the 15-minute match like you have to pace yourself but that's what's kind of like that adds to the anxiety you know cuz there's no other mat or for or fight promotion like that so I don't know it just makes me feel alive like you got to be down to scrap you got to be ready and I came from a water polo background so we were constantly ly swimming and fighting people in the water. So, I think I will, you know, I think this rule set's perfect for me. Nice. Yeah. So, your last match was against Rafael Attis. It was a non-stop action match. I think it won fight of the night, you know. Is that is that your plan in here to always kind of come with an energy that ends up potentially being a fight of the night? Yeah. Like every match that I've ever had, the exchanges are on both ends. So, like they will get to have a submission attack on me. I'll have a submission attack on them. And I don't know. I think that's jiu-jitsu. You have to show your skill of learning how or knowing how to escape things, but also how to be rigid and hold on to the submission. So, it's kind of my plan is to be a little more rigid, but we'll see. You never know. Gotcha. All right. And then Kani, I want to ask you, you know, what did it mean to you whenever you got the call to compete here on Who's Number One? I got crazy. I'm so excited to be here main because these rule these rules are made for our champions cuz you cannot hold it and it what makes me more excited you know is like the style that I like and I think that for both of us it's going to be like for sure. What did you think whenever they offered you the the match against Paige? I was so excited mainly because I saw her fight against Rafaela and that was a tough match and it matches it matches with my kind of game. So yeah, I feel good. I feel super excited. I think we are going to give like I'm I'm we are going to put a show. Yeah, I believe this is going to be a show for sure. You have something you want to say, Pa? Yeah. Fight of the night round two. There we go. Two time fight of the night. Uh right here for sure. So I guess Paige, I'll ask you, you know, what can the fans expect from you whenever you take the mats? You know, what are you always trying to to do to impress the fans or what can they expect? You know, I really I've been watching a lot of um fight promotions and I see like the best in the world. they are so scared like they're looking they're not excited they're not showing themsel like showing their their um personality and I think that that's what we need to do more with jiu-jitsu because in jiu-jitsu it's a community right so you have to be able to be respectful and fun I mean we can't all talk shit to each other because then everyone's just going to be angry and I mean I know that sells but that's not why we do jiu-jitsu we do it for the community for the friendships so when I step out on the mat I want people to see that like oh this girl's fun. She's having a great time. I can do that. I want little girls to look at me and be like, "Wow, more girls should do this." You know? I think it should be like universal. I think every girl should train jiu-jitsu as opposed to doing like PE. So, I just want it to be appealing for them. That would be a good world. Every every girl, every guy, too. Everyone training. Step up. You don't want to get choked. You know, it's like being in Texas. Everybody's got a gun, so you don't want to mess around. True. Uh but luckily, we're in California right now, so Yeah, I know. I know. But uh Kani, I want to ask you too, you know, what what can the fans expect from you whenever you take the mats? Pada. There's no plan only. Uh I I said about the rules. So those rules are what make me really excited cuz what she said it's it's true. 15 minutes you cannot go that much, but at the same time you need to know how to push yourself and it is Bhada is what you can expect from it for tomorrow guys. All right, there you have it. I think we we're going to see a lot of Poha in this one. I'm excited to watch. Um up next we're going to talk to Declan Moody and Felipe Andrew. Thank you both. Thank you. All right, up now we have Felipe Andrew and Declan Moody. I think this is potentially one of the best matches on the card. You know, a clash of styles, a super exciting match if you ask me. So, I'm excited to watch this one tomorrow. Um, I'll kick it off with you, Phipe. You're making your Who's Number One debut in this one. How does it How did it feel to get the call? And what do you think about competing on who's number one? Um, you know, uh, I think I it's going to it's going to be very fun. That's my my debut. The who's number one. Uh, especially because it's no, you know, so another scenario for me. Uh my last competition like no gi was like the the CGI. Uh that's why it's very interesting fight because he's in the CGI too, you know. So I think it's going to be the a nice fight tomorrow. Yeah, definitely. So you kind of mentioned this one obviously being Nogi. We've seen a lot of you in the ghee over the years, but now you you've transitioned a little bit. You did CJI and now this is as far as I know right your your first superfight Nogi. Um, what is it that's kind of made you want to start doing more of these NOI shows? Uh, man, I think the all the the world is looking for a nogi right now, right? So, I think that's the next step to develop my game in in jiujitsu, in the whole martial art, you know. Uh, so that's why I'm trying to to improve like in the another scenarios on my life, you know. So, I think this is going to be a nice a nice start, you know. Yeah, definitely. And so, now Declan, I want to ask you, this is your third match on Who's Number One and also your third Felipe you fought on who's number one. What's going on with that, man? Are you requesting Felipes or something at this point? Uh, I don't know how this has happened, but they just keep giving me Felipes. Um, I'm going to try and keep it in the positive, the record, but we'll see. What What uh overall, what were your thoughts whenever you got the call and they offered you Felipe Andrew on who's number one? I'm always excited to get the call from who's number one, you know, and Felipe is he's an incredible athlete, you know, his run at CGI was amazing. He showed he's not just a geek competitor, but just one of the best grappling athletes in the world. And uh these are the matches I'm looking for. I want to test myself against the best. So, Felipe obviously has one of the best guards in jiu-jitsu, but also one of the most dangerous guards. You're one of the best guard passers. I'm curious, how do you think your passing is going to do up against Felipe's guard? I'm excited to test it. You know, these are the guards that I want to test it. Um, I want to test my passing against the best guys, the most dangerous guys. Uh, I think I am capable of passing any guard in the world, but we'll find out. Yeah. And Felipe, I guess I guess I want to ask you too, you know, because you are a very complete grappler, but you have a very good guard. You think this is going to be a thing where we're going to see you play guard and and go up against Declan's passing or do you have other plans for the match? I think I'm gonna let the the fight happens. You know, I have no no plan for for the fight. Usually I don't like to to stud my my my opponents uh because if sometimes you create you create some strategy and something happens on the fight and it's going to be a surprise. So I think just let's develop the the game over there and if I need to take down I going to try to take downs. If I have to pass I going to go and for sure if I I have to play guard I going to attack him certainly. What can the fans expect from you tomorrow during this match? and the the same jiu-jitsu that I fight my whole life like uh a jiu-jitsu to finish a aggressive jiu-jitsu and I want to put a show for for everyone who's watching. Awesome. Declan, same question. What can the fans expect from you? Yeah, they can expect me moving forward just trying to push and try and get a submission and um just trying to put on the best performance that I can and show uh my jiu-jitsu up there with some of the best in the world. All right, awesome. Well, there you have it. Up next, we're going to talk to Kyle Chambers and Victor Sario. All right, up now we have Kyle Chambers and Victor Svario. So, this will be our last interview for this press conference, but this is going to be actually the first match of the main card whenever WO28 goes down on June 13th, like I said before. And so I want to start it off just by asking both of you. I'll start with Kyle. You know, what does it mean to kind of kick off the main card? Is that like, you know, you want to bring a little bit extra of a show, set the tone? You know, what is it like kind of kicking off the card? Like kicking off the card, you have to start off special. You know what I mean? Nobody wants to just be have a boring fight or anything in the beginning. So, you know, everybody already knows how my style is. If we were winning, we're winning by submissions. It's not judges decision or anything like that. So, I feel like my style by itself kind of brings that kind of excitement, you know, and it's the same thing I plan on doing tomorrow, you know, coming in, getting to my game and getting into my offense, you know, and that's all what I do, you know, and that's nothing that's going to change for for tomorrow. Yeah. So, same thing for you, Victor, you know, does it is it add a little pressure or anything whenever you're kind of kicking off the main card, wanting to set the tone for the for the event? Uh, actually, um, I'm happy that Ricardo said that the rules change for the kids fights and our fight. No leg locks, right? Oh, a special rules match. Um, no. I think it's going to be good. Like we have um like um good styles to to go against each other. I like playing on top. Of course, I know how to play guard. He knows how to play top, too. But I feel like we're just going to go right at it. Definitely. Whenever you got the call and they said uh they offered you the match against Kyle, you know, what what did you think right away about how this match would play out with Kyle? Um, I think Kyle has been competing a lot. I've been seeing him like doing like some other uh super fights. He's been very active. I think he's a good fight. Like I I I feel like a lot of times I want to show more my style. I feel like I I can't do that with him. Uh because I think he's the games kind of complement each other. So I was excited. And same same for you, Kyle. What did you think about a match with Victor? I was super excited. I feel like I do best when somebody's actually going to try to attack me is like we call have that term like anti- jiu-jitsu. Not saying that you're not doing jiu-jitsu, but is it like the judges say, they know when you're actually trying to move forward and I feel like he's going to move forward, which is very beneficial. I feel like it's very exciting, you know, and create a lot of good scrambles, which I feel like the people want is scrambles and finishes, you know, and I feel like in this match there's a lot of high potential for both of those things. Yeah. So, another thing I want to talk about is this matches at welterweight, so 170 lbs. You guys are similar sizes obviously because you made the weight but very different builds you know like and it's I still am kind of shocked whenever you can make 170 to be honest but I'm wondering if you think like is that going to play in you guys have kind of different styles they clash a little but also different builds and everything. How does that impact a match like this? I feel like with our body types even though we're similar weights me being so lanky offers different things for him as well as him being a little bit more shorter stockier really more more muscular offers different kind of situations for me. So, I had to be more uh careful in certain situations I otherwise wouldn't have to think about because of the body type, you know? Same thing when I go against geo like Gio's really good and I have to make sure I have certain type of frames and certain type of things because it's a lot harder when those type of body types get in certain positions versus somebody that's more lanky like me, you know? So, coming into this match, I already understand that. It's almost like going against someone that's 30 lbs, 40 lbs heavier than you in the absolute tournament. You're like, okay, I probably can't give up a side control because it's going to be a lot different look, you know? So, the same thing. It makes me more aware in a lot of my positions, but it's also really exciting because I don't know fully what they expect and what he's going to bring to the table. Yeah. What What do you think, Victor? Does the the body type difference, the style difference, does it make much of a difference in the match? I think it does. Like I feel like I'm used to it to go against guys that are like tall like him. Like I was on the face off, I had to like fucking look it all the way up. But I think it it's it's kind of I like it like when it's like a different size. I think it it it brings more like like how you say like I'm I'm more like kind of like pressure kind of style like he's going to be like make it harder for me because the legs are so long. So it's like the frames are different too. So I think it's a good it's good I think it's a it's a good matchup. So in your who's number one debut we saw you come out and get the finish. You know what's your expectation? What do you what's the plan for this match? Um I want to finish like that's um I came here to try to finish my fight. Um I'm going to work for it. Um, I know he's a in my opinion better better better opponent than my last opponent. Um, he's gonna make a more competitive fight for sure and but I'm ready for that. Like I feel like I'm if I can actually implement my game and and be in the zone, I feel like I can do good. All right. Same for you, Kyle. What's kind of your expectation for this match? Same thing. I know this is not going to be given to me, you know. I know he's not going to just lay on his back and just give me the W. So I have to come with my best abilities, my best weapons, my best, you know, swords. You know, to come with the best version of myself. You know, I feel like a lot of times we have better versions of ourel in practice. You know, you're trying to always try to get that version of yourself when it really truly matters, which is in here and show the world that, too. So that's what my game plan is, trying to unlock that variation of myself so I can show the world and get to all my things and do the best of my abilities. All right, there you guys have it. I hope everyone at home enjoyed that. Like I said before, it's all going down Friday, June 13th at 5:00 p.m. Pacific time. The undercard is going to be free on the Flowgrappling YouTube channel, and then the main card will be on flowgrappling.com. So, make sure you go subscribe now and we'll see you guys at who's number one. [Music] Heat. [Music]