Kind: captions Language: en Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] Hey, [Music] Welcome to Miami, Florida for who's number 129. We got 11 matches total coming to you guys on this card. Four of them on the undercard, seven on the main card. Absolutely stacked all the way through. We got Jasmine Hosa taking on Adelf for Areno. We got Kit Dale versus Vagner Hosha in the main event. A 205 Contenders match in Roberto Jimenez and Ryan Akin. It's going to be absolutely stacked. You guys are going to want to watch all of this. But right now, we got the press conference for you guys. So, I'm going to send it over to Alex Windling to hear from all the athletes before tomorrow's big event. Miami, Miami, Miami. Today we're going to be doing it a little bit different at the WNO29 press conference. Up first, we have a lightweight battle with Tristan Sains and Matias Jimenez. And they're ready to go. You'll see that we're face to face because we know us jiu-jitsu nerds, we hate eye contact. So now they're forced to have some eye contact. And this is a time that you guys have had before you faced off. Tristan, why do you think this rematch is going to look different or exactly the same? &gt;&gt; Uh, I think it's gonna look different just because I've been preparing very hard, very disciplined in my fight camp and uh obviously, you know, everybody's going to say I want the submission, but really I just want to open up the best who's number one show. So, I'm looking forward to it. And yeah, I'm just looking forward to getting the win and just pushing forward, pushing the pace, and making it the fight of the night. and you are kicking off the undercard which is going to be live and free on YouTube and this is the debut in Miami of WNO. How special is it for you? &gt;&gt; It definitely is something special for sure and I'm very blessed to just have that opportunity especially with my family and my brother on the card as well. So I'm excited to go out there and perform. &gt;&gt; Now Matias, the last time I saw you it was in Kazakhstan and I was asking you when are we going to see you on a big stage like that and you said my time is coming. Your time is now brother. &gt;&gt; It's now. It's now, man. Honestly, I'm on the same page with Tristan. I just want I feel like we both are as the opening. There's a mix of pressure and also not really much pressure cuz they don't expect much from the prelims, but it's going to be a show. You can expect a show in a scrap. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You told me before this that this match has the potential to be the most exciting match of the night. What gives you that confidence? &gt;&gt; My opponent. My opponent pushes the pace. I push the pace. We both have high pace styles of jiu-jitsu. That's the only reason. There's nothing more to say than it's going to be a scrap for sure. &gt;&gt; I thought you were gonna say my opponent because it's going to be an easy walkover, but I guess not. Do you think that your opponent respects you? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I feel like me and Matias, we have good respect for each other. Obviously, that respect goes out the window tomorrow and you know, it's just wartime, right? &gt;&gt; But it's going to be fireworks, man. I want everybody to tune in. It's free on YouTube and you know it's going to be the fight of the night. I 100% agree. &gt;&gt; When I made the reference, it's insan membranes. Did you get it or are you too young? &gt;&gt; No, no, I understand. I understand because of my dad. Shout out to dad. &gt;&gt; His dad let him know. Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. He he always uh showed me those like oldie songs. I don't listen to them, but I know them, you know. &gt;&gt; Yeah. The classics. The classics. All right, buddy. Uh Matias, when it comes to what you want to showcase, we have a lot of unity fighters as well. You guys are going to get to enjoy this experience as a team. What have you guys been working on in that basement in New York? &gt;&gt; Honestly, everything. Mainly wrestling, just cuz my opponent is very good at wrestling, but I prepared for everything. Positional, a lot of positional. Um, more than anything, the wrestling and just going for submissions off wrestling. &gt;&gt; And now the most important question. Who has the better curls? Michael Sainz or Roberto Jimenez? you first. &gt;&gt; I obviously I'm biased. That curly mullet is just something to adore, you know, and it's he's very known for it, you know. You just look at him and it's it's glorious, you know? So, obviously I'm going to say my brother Michael Sainz, you know, those spring curls. It's just nothing like it, you know what I mean? &gt;&gt; Medi is your answer now. &gt;&gt; Shit. I don't know. I'm not gonna lie. Roberto shit. Roberto got a nice curl on him. But &gt;&gt; that is some brotherly love right there. or when it comes to the narrative coming into this, some of the people might be saying, "Oh, this is the match for these brothers to kind of step out of their brother's shadows." Do you guys feel like that is a true and accurate narrative, or do you feel like you're already making your own space in this beautiful community jiu-jitsu that we have? Tristan, me first. &gt;&gt; Honestly, I feel like in the past year, I've grown as my my own person, but it's a blessing and an honor to be, you know, looked at, you know, Michael Sain's little brother. I know how much work we've put in and I it's like a blessing, you know, just to be called his shadow, whatever. I don't really care. I just know that people are going to enjoy watching me fight because I bring that and yeah, man. It's just it's a blessing to be called his prodigy or, you know, his little brother. &gt;&gt; I love that. Matias, &gt;&gt; same here. I feel like me and Tristan are on the same page and that's why they made this fight. Two really good competitors that come from two very good competitors as well as brothers. So, I I feel like the the match is going to be a a definitely a great opener just because of that, just because of the, you know, the brotherly tension and for sure the jiu-jitsu itself. &gt;&gt; Well, come tomorrow night, they're going to remind you of why to never forget their names. It is Matias Jimenez, Tristan Sainz kicking off the undercard for W29. Up next, we have the middleweights. So, stay tuned. up next we have the middleweight Mayhem coming in. How are you guys doing, Lionus? &gt;&gt; Very good. Very good. &gt;&gt; Andre Portfio, too. Doing great. &gt;&gt; You're in the building. I know you made your debut on the first WNO card of all time, but this is going to be your second appearance and you told me that making an appearance feels like you're just returning to where you belong. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm really happy to be here once again. I was on the first ever who's number one card and uh took five years to get back. So, I'm really excited and even more that being here in Miami that is a city that I got to live for six years. Have a lot of friends, a lot of friends of mine on the card as well. So coming back to Miami for that is just feeling like have this feeling of home. &gt;&gt; And across the table is your opponent who is coached by Dimma Moravani. You are the first German on a WNO card. How does that make you feel? &gt;&gt; Um I think it's just the normal consequence of my efforts, but I'm obviously very proud to represent Germany here and I'm looking forward to showcase that we are one of the best countries when it comes to jiu-jitsu. And when it comes to the stylistic matchup, what do you think your advantage is over Andre? &gt;&gt; I think I'm going to be the one on top and I'm going to have gravity on my side. So, it won't really matter that you miss weight because uh I'm going to be heavier because gravity helps me. &gt;&gt; And did I hear that correctly? You missed weight. &gt;&gt; We actually had a misunderstanding on the weight uh division. I thought was 205 and then uh by the last day I was uh they told me it was 185 and then um I I don't remember the last time I made 185 in my life. Maybe when I was 15 years old. So I'm really glad Lenos accept the fight anyway. Like I told I felt like I told him like if he couldn't uh if he didn't felt comfortable with that would be fine as well that I understand completely. But that's a true fighter. That's a warrior and he accept the match and I'm sure we're going to give a show tomorrow. &gt;&gt; Yeah. the show must go on. I'm happy it's definitely still happening. Uh when you found out that you were going to have to you weren't going to make the weight, did this kind of shift anything for you? I mean, he just said that it's not going to play anything uh towards the fight. So, is that something that you feel like, oh, you know, he should be a little bit more intimidated? &gt;&gt; No, not really. Because the whole time I was thinking that my fight would be 205. So, I was just planning on that. I actually had to cut to make 205. So 185 would be impossible. Like I never fought on 185 in my life. That was just a misunderstanding. I had a conversation with Ricardo and then we decided that we keep we keep going with the fight and Lenos also accepted. But I've been fighting absolutes my whole life. I've been fighting heavier guys, lighter guys. Lenos, I'm sure already fought a bunch of absolutes. I think for us don't actually don't actually matters. Like we're just going to go there and give a show. &gt;&gt; And I know it must feel so great to be back in action. The last time I saw you was at PGF. you had to get over an injury. What are you feeling like now physically? &gt;&gt; I'm feeling really great. Uh PGF I ended up injuring my knee and then I got a while off. Got a couple time to recover that. But that's why uh I took six months off to recover 100% and be able to be on the show ready to scrap and to give a good version of myself. So I feel great. I feel ready, feel complete. Uh, and I'm really excited to for tomorrow. Going to be a great match for sure. &gt;&gt; And Andre has competed against some of the greatest competitors. What would a win against him mean to you? &gt;&gt; Um, Andre is just the next step in my effort to beat everybody in the 88 kilo division in ACC, which I will win ultimately. And he's just the first step in my way at who's number one and ADCC ultimately. And if I force you guys to look eye to eye right now, would you say there's any element of fear that you sense in one another? &gt;&gt; No, I don't feel any fear. I don't fear no other man. Like can be here in my front of me. Any man in this world, I'm never going to be feared. Especially in jiujitsu. That's something I've been doing since I'm 10 years old competing every weekend. I've actually going to leave straight from here to Abu Dhabi to compete with a bunch of monsters Friday. So that's what I do. That's what I love. This is where I feel home. So that's it. &gt;&gt; Lennis. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I don't think he's afraid. I'm definitely not afraid. And tomorrow he will be afraid though. &gt;&gt; Well, I'm definitely afraid and you guys should be afraid watching at home for some bone breaking action. They're going to be kicking it off for the middleweights under on that undercard live and free on YouTube. Thank you guys for playing along. We'll see you guys soon. And now for the first women's match of the evening tomorrow night. It'll be Amy Grant versus Joselyn Molina. This is a very special one. It'll be on the undercard. And Joslyn, you are going to be the youngest competitor to ever be on a WNO card, just 13 years old. How special is it for you? &gt;&gt; It's amazing. It's the like one of the best opportunities I could have had of this year and I hope that I'm going to be able to be come out here and impress all you guys with my skills. That's my plan. &gt;&gt; And Amy, you are representing 10th planet Boca Raton. You are going to be on the W that is debuting in Miami. Going to have a lot of Soflow energy. So, how are you feeling knowing that you're going to have a little bit of a hometown advantage with the Soflow? &gt;&gt; Oh, I'm pumped. Like, I can't Can we curse or No, maybe not as much. Okay. No, I'm super excited. It's a incredible opportunity to be here. Uh especially for WNO's first, you know, debut here in South Florida. So, I'm really excited to be a part of it. &gt;&gt; It's definitely going to be an amazing match. When you think about it stylistically, how would you break it down? &gt;&gt; Well, I know Joson's going to come in. She's got her energetic passing style, so I'm I'm prepared for that. I've got a completely different style. I'm more of a pressure pass, that sort of thing. So, the clash of two different styles is going to be really exciting, I think. &gt;&gt; Joslyn, what's your take? &gt;&gt; I think she's right. I'm younger. I'm going to come in with more aggression. I'm coming in with more fun almost for me. I come out there just fastpaceness, trying to do everything, go, but still staying really technical. So, I think that's the upper hand I have. But, it'll be super fun because like you said, your pressure like pressure be nice to be fun. And just the fact that you guys are going to be on this undercard, one of the only women uh on this card is such a big deal. I think it's going to bring the energy. What are you anticipating from the crowd when you guys enter the WNO mat? &gt;&gt; I think everybody's going to be all eyes on us. I mean, obviously we have a really unique dynamic with the a bit of the age difference here. Obviously being one of the only women on the undercard. Like I think it's going to be really exciting and I'm just so excited to put on a show and it feels like it's all respect. I know we were told to say some crazy things before this press conference, but when you have a 13-year-old in the seat, you kind of uh back off that a little bit. I'm not trying to start too much trash talk here, but when it comes to this, and I know it's all smiles now, but when you guys hit the mats, I'm sure it'll get pretty serious. &gt;&gt; Uh, tomorrow all bets are off. Like, it doesn't matter. Like, all respect to my opponent, but like we're here to do a job. We're here to perform. We're here to do our best. And I think that's going to come out tomorrow and we'll shake hands after and all will be good. Joslyn, how are you able to flip that switch? &gt;&gt; We're We're here to fight. We're not here to make friends. I'm here to showcase my skills and make sure what done gets done. And I need to get my name out there. So, it's just really encouraging to me that I'm here to get a job done and I'm here to win it. &gt;&gt; Joselyn Molina is looking to get her name out there, but Amy, what would a win against her mean for you? Would that mean getting your name out there even more? &gt;&gt; Oh, hell yeah. Uh, you know, absolutely, of course. Um, you know, I'm trying to just focus on my personal performance. You know, putting together the things that I've been working on, like those personal wins for me, uh, would be huge. Obviously, coming off of a win against somebody who's like such a great competitor, such a great grappler, it would mean a lot. And now there's so much going on in the world of jiu-jitsu, but especially with women's jiu-jitsu. $100,000 is going to be the highest paying grappling tournament at CJI. When you look at that bracket, Joselyn, is there anyone that you would ever see yourself going up against and thinking I can take them? &gt;&gt; I think in the future I might come across Helena a couple times because I mean, I'm pretty sure we're the same weight class, but I don't watch people like that. I just go out there and fight whoever I can. So, I think most likely Helena off the top of my head from what I know. &gt;&gt; And Amy, what is your instant reaction when you're hearing the stories of high payouts like that for women's grappling? &gt;&gt; Oh, it's super inspiring. you know, women's empowerment in the sport, in a male-dominated sport. It's really exciting to see like all the changes that we're, you know, these opportunities that we're able to get being here as an opportunity. You know, uh there's not a lot of women here today. So, I mean, it's it's very important for the growth of the sport. I'm so happy that you guys are part of this card. We cannot wait to see it tomorrow on the undercard live and free. Jodlin Molina, Amy Gran, and up next we got the tough Jake O'Driscoll versus Jay-Z Cavalcante. Up next, we have a Jay-Z Calvocante versus Jake O'Driscoll in that middleweight division. Jake, it's a long travel. You're here with the squad, though. You got Kit Dale, you got your girl Adele who's going to be competing in the co-main. What is it like knowing you have a little bit of some uh Aussie backup? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's I mean it's really nice having the Aussies here with us, you know, uh obviously being able to travel with Adele uh as a dream come true, you know, getting to see the world and and watch her compete, but now I get to an opportunity myself against a legend. And uh you know, when I was coming up in the sport, uh Kit was was the guy I looked up to. you know, I've known Kit for a very long time, so to share a card with him as well after all these years is is again like a dream come true and I'm so happy to be here and I'm so thankful for for Jay-Z for uh taking the match and especially in his hometown. He didn't have to and and he did. So, I'm really looking forward to it. &gt;&gt; So, you have your Aussie backup and we got a backup over here as well, JC. Who's who's the partner with you right now? &gt;&gt; Can't tell. It's &gt;&gt; all Yeah. Okay. He's my my little man. He say my twin. No, I don't see it the same. But okay, if something happen, he can jump in. No problem. It's a beast. True. &gt;&gt; It's definitely so precious and it's probably nice to be in your hometown being able to compete with people who know who you are and will be getting the crowd crazy. So, what is it like for you knowing that? I love that you know that's why like one of the reason I took the match especially it's been a while I was talk to Reed was talking about oh it's long time coming to the who is number one you know so perfect timing down in Florida at home I don't have to travel I have kids you know I have another baby that's at the daycare now but he's in the vacation so I don't have to travel don't have to miss them I still around and be competing in front of them it's a big motivation for me just to show them the way know what I do what I live and that's uh that's it you know I love it here and I have the opportunity of the my team to know students coming to watch this opportunity a lot of people never saw me fighting live you know and I brought a different energy I love this so it's fun you know &gt;&gt; definitely bringing a different type of energy and for your fans out there that know you more for your MMA what are you looking to showcase on a jiu-jitsu specific platform &gt;&gt; just the the pressure know like the fight is always bring it left, you know, and uh I came there ly style that's always like a pressure forward, you know, have heavy and that's that's the game that we do, you know. I know uh Jake has a good background with the Adele, he's a coach for her, you know, so doing a great stuff. All the Australians are tough as well, but Brazilians will have a lot of similarities, you know, but we're just better, bro. Sorry. &gt;&gt; Wow, strong words. Brazilians just better than Aussies. I know that the leg lock game is such an iconic thing when we talk about Australians. Do you feel like that'll be weaponized come tomorrow night? &gt;&gt; I mean, yeah, that's definitely, you know, where I want to take it. Um Jay-Z would know that. You know, I definitely don't want to wrestle with him, especially in front of his crowd. I think I'm going to probably get slammed on my head a little bit, but uh if we have to, we have to. But, I mean, it's just something that I I think, you know, Kit, Craig, Locky, all those guys, Adele's following suit now, have been able to really show the world. And um I mean I'm very wellrounded, but Jay-Z's got his skills that he wants to put on. I've got mine that I want to put on. And and that's why this is an exciting match, you know. Um two of the older guys on the card. Um kids, family men. It's actually my daughter's birthday tomorrow when we compete. So happy birthday to her. She'll be watching this at home. So, you know, this is why I'm so excited. You know, uh he's a legend, like I already said, and I've followed his MMA career and now uh to get to test myself against him in front of his crowd, like what what more could you ask for really? And what can you guarantee come fight night in terms of entertainment? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean, you can't stand across from this man and not get entertainment, you know, you just have to go back and watch his career and when has he ever been in a boring match, you know? So, regardless of the result, that's what I want to bring, you know? I want to make sure that it's exciting. I want to make sure I'm coming to win. I didn't travel 30 hours to to be a highlight reel for Jay-Z, but I also want to make sure that we have a good time, you know, show that next generation, show our kids the work that we do and and why we do it. and, you know, set the opportunity for the main card to try and follow us. You know, a couple of these kids are saying that they they're going to put on fight of the night. Well, don't count us old guys out either. You got Kit and Vagner in the the main event, too. We're going to be exciting as well. Like, it's what we do. &gt;&gt; And this match is going to be live and free on YouTube. We're currently in a state where being able to have as much exposure as possible is what's best for the sport. So, from your perspective, what do you hope to showcase to maybe some BJJ casual fans who might come across your match on YouTube? like from the beginning to the end, you know, I always like to do the the dancing coming out, you know, have that style, have that have that vibe coming uh when comes on the mat, it's the same thing. You just switch the the mode, you know, the fun mode to the attacking mode and then put the pressure like I said like no most of the time I come to fight and now I'm not going to be boring you know doesn't matter when you lose like he said you know we put it the show put the pressure whatever it is you know I'm going to try to jump I'm going to try to he he probably going to sit but not gonna let me do the G-lock but okay we're gonna try something new &gt;&gt; we cannot wait to see it live and free on YouTube thank you guys so much for the time and we're gonna Get on next with Nathan Chung versus Michael Sainz. Standing by for the welterweight that is going to go down on the main card exclusively on Flow Grappling. It is Michael Sainz, Natan Chang. &gt;&gt; Hey, we've been practicing behind the scenes. Uh, thank you guys so much for being here. Obviously, this is going to be a monumental card with WNO making their debut in Miami, Alpha Grappling Miami. A lot of hometown crowd energy. What is the feelings towards this event? &gt;&gt; You know, it's it's awesome. You having my entire team here with me, my brothers, my family. So, I'm really glad that I'm able to be in my hometown. You know, been born and raised here. So, it's very cool moment to be on WNO in Miami. So, I'm very blessed and very grateful for this. It's al awesome opportunity. Do you think the School of Unity is going to do a lot of raining on the parades of the South Florida residents here on Friday night? &gt;&gt; Sorry to understand. &gt;&gt; Do you think that the guys from Unity are going to really put a damper on all the people from South Florida that are there cheering on their Florida boys because there's a lot of matchups that you guys have against the Florida guys. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yes, for sure. First of all, it's a big honor for me to be here right for number one in Miami also against like Michael for sure his family is doing very nice work job here right in Ala I'm so glad for compet my my Yeah &gt;&gt; so you're feeling pretty confident that you're going to get this win &gt;&gt; yeah yeah for sure I'm pretty confident also I did my my work with my chin right so I prepared myself. Yeah, I'm so confident for tomorrow for putting my heart me like in my opponent for sure. I put a lot of pace and he also for sure you shows the best for tomorrow. I'm ready for the war. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And the last time you were on WNO, it was your debut against Daniel Satler. You got the nod, but do you feel like you really are just itching for a submission, a definitive win here? &gt;&gt; 100%. That's kind of like the goal right now. You know, the goal is to get the submission right, come up with a very dominant victory. Again, much respect to Natwan. Right, Natwan. &gt;&gt; No, I'm feeling &gt;&gt; I I'm excited for this match, you know, but I both think we know both know that when tomorrow comes, we're going to both try to kill each other and after it's going to be all love, but I think it's going to be a war and I love that and I'm excited for it and I'm ready to just get this match going. But I'm ready to make my statement tomorrow. Yes. &gt;&gt; I feel like your style is so exciting. It's very rough and rowdy. So, when it comes to the energy that will also be in the Man Winwood Convention Center, is that going to really build you up knowing that it's your hometown crowd? &gt;&gt; Oh, man. It's going to fire me up. I got I got to calm down a little bit. I might get a little bit too excited. So, I have to definitely, you know, contain myself and contain the excitement for afterwards. But, you know, I'm really excited. I'm really pumped up for this match. I think it's going to be a great match, guys. So, really make sure you tune in and watch the main card because me and are going to go to war. I promise. I can promise this &gt;&gt; for sure war. 15 minutes 15 minutes only honest for me. M for sure. Put all my heart, put all my pace there. I'm so I'm so excited for that tomorrow. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And I've seen in an interview that you feel like your jiu-jitsu has improved so much since joining Unity. Why do you feel that way? &gt;&gt; Yeah, for sure. my improve uh so so in unity right since when I get there for uh last year 2024 and now no season I train a lot of noises last year when I won like panams all the tournament for Jeff but it's new for me because only submission but this my style I look so much a lot of scramble look for for submission also right because professional like Muro Santana is legend for the sport I learned a lot from him. Okay. All his knowledge right like a lot of people help like Franco Phip also he's be here right he compete here tomorrow also I train him I'm so confident for this match against like my conc tomorrow. Yeah. So confident for my fire &gt;&gt; and a lot of people look at you as one of the scrappiest black belts out there. Yeah. &gt;&gt; What is it about your upbringing or who you were as a child that gives you that style as an athlete? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, for sure. It's big time to me, right? Because I'm so confident. I compete before like uh different style different people uh different way also always when I have opportunity for compet for sure when I saw this guy right this young guys by a lot respect for for Michael because I saw his m against like Daniel like fight a lot scramble also yeah I love this right I love compete like the best guys in my division because I prepare myself about that always I So I pay the price. I do my 100% every single day, right? Because this is my life. This I love to do. Like it doesn't matter the G always like beware for the war. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Now Michael, a lot of people are looking at this match as your toughest to date. What is your message to the haters out there that are saying this is a little bit out of your league? &gt;&gt; You know, man, I just want to say I really really do respect Nwan and I think he's a very seasoned opponent. I think he is probably one of the best black belts in gee and in no gi you know he won no gee pans last year in black belt that's a really really big competition man so I have a lot of respect for him I'm not coming here with no high horse I understand that he's a tough opponent I've prepared well for him and I'm very excited tomorrow to show my new skills everything I've been working on my brothers &gt;&gt; okay all right keeping it classy to the haters no special message there I like it Michael Sainz Natan we cannot wait to see what you guys do tomorrow at WN29 thank you guys &gt;&gt; I like the watch the watch is Hey, thank you. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Up next, it is Igor Tannabe versus Roosevelt Souza, your 2025 World GE champion. Quite the year you're having. What is it like to be able to bring that momentum onto this WNO stage? Uh I'm very happy, you know, like um I feel like when I won this tournament, I feel like I'm a new version of myself and I feel like I will bring the same performance out here, especially because this is my house. I live here in Miami and I want to make my people proud, my family proud, my team proud. So that's going to be fun. Fat Ninja, I love the nickname, although it doesn't seem so true. You look super in shape. When you look across and see your opponent, &gt;&gt; what are your thoughts? How do you beat this man? &gt;&gt; Yeah, man. That's a good question. I think I'm just going to be Yeah, &gt;&gt; I'm going to figure out tomorrow. &gt;&gt; And what does it feel like for you? Your first BJJ super fight for after many years. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm so excited. Like I for to be honest I I wasn't expecting to happen that fast as it did right I I came back fighting jiu-jitsu last month in Asian Open right and like I was I expected to fight our champion you know like soon but not like in the ne like right after that you know so I'm so excited I'm just like very honored to be here. And why is it that you wanted to focus more on jiu-jitsu versus all the MMA experience that you've had? &gt;&gt; Actually, I didn't have a choice. I had to stop because of a disease I discovered in my brain while I was doing MMA. But to be honest, like at first seemed like it looked to be bad a bad thing, right? Because I was very focused. But in the end of the day, I I just like realized that was a God's plan, you know, because even though I was doing MMA, I always felt, you know, like the pat like the passion with jiu-jitsu. I always like watching like words in those tournaments. I always wanted to be there, you know. I always felt like I had something left on like in the BJJ stage, you know. So, it seems to it's like it looked like a bad thing, but in end of the day, I'm just so happy to be here. I'm so grateful to God. You know, &gt;&gt; obviously a lot of respect for mixed martial arts, but MMA versus BJJ, two completely different things. How much of an advantage do you feel like you have over your opponent? &gt;&gt; Um, fun fact before I answer that, like, um, Eager, he started training jiu-jitsu when he was like a little kid and that's how he got his nickname. And I started training jiu-jitsu when I was 21 years old already. So I I believe like he has way more skills than me, but I have like this drive, you know, of like pushing myself and uh I've I have a very uh physical advantage I believe. So my size advantage um and also um I've been training with like Cyborg Vagner Russia which is on the car the man the main fight of the night and those guys also they've been doing this for so long and I got a little bit of that experience you know uh what to do the how to take the the right decisions during the match you know but still exciting you know the match still exciting even um fighting against a very tough opponent Um, and like him being uh being a a former uh MMA fighter for me is u I feel like it's natural for me because I've been training a lot of with like UFC fighters. So for me it's like it's kind it's a lot of it's going to be a lot of scrapping, but um I'm ready for it. &gt;&gt; Are there any particular holes in Roosevelt's game that you're looking to exploit? I think like that is not a hope but that's things that's advantage I have is like I think the speed right and that's what I'm going to try to use you know against him. &gt;&gt; Do you agree does he have a speed advantage? I'm big, man. I'm very fast. I promise. I'm I was is just think about it when I when I saw this is the first time I met him in person and I was like first year is gonna try to push a pace going to be faster than me. But um you know like um I I'm used to it. I'm ready for it. So I've been training with a lot of guys like same weight as him. I even got a Asia train partner to train with me just to get used to it. So &gt;&gt; you say Asian &gt;&gt; so you can visualize the fight. You got an Asian training partner. &gt;&gt; Exactly. &gt;&gt; So, I'm ready for whatever comes. &gt;&gt; I had to put like two Japanese guys, one on top of the other to be to have someone the same size as him on there. &gt;&gt; Well, now we're going to have to do a speed test. We're going to cut the cameras, let them go race outside to figure out who's faster, and then also we're going to have to see some of these Asian training partners in the building because if you do get the win, we're going to have to credit them. Thank you so much, Igor Roosevelt. We cannot wait to see you in action at WNO29. &gt;&gt; Thank you. And now a match that a lot of people are going to be looking forward to. It is Lucas LRA versus Shawn Yarim Marco in that middleweight division. And you've been a busy guy. Saw you over there in Kazakhstan. Also competed against Ryan Akin recently. So let's start with the Ryan Akin match. What were some learning lessons that you took away from that match &gt;&gt; to move down to 185? That was the biggest &gt;&gt; that was the biggest lesson. No, like my match with Ryan was an awesome match. Uh I have a lot of respect for Ryan. It was a a pleasure to fight him, you know, like uh he's been in in the tier right now like competing a lot and submitting a lot of the high level guys in the sport. So it was awesome and definitely a bunch of lessons, but it was cool to go against one of the best leg lockers in the world and not get leg locked and have a pretty competitive match with him. At the end of the match, I ended up on his back. I also have my good attempts there to sweep. Uh I just felt that the size difference was a big thing u in that match in my match against Devonte as well. So I wanted to test it out uh dropping weight and seeing uh how I would do in this new uh weight division. &gt;&gt; So how was that process today? We did weigh-ins. Are you feeling good? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm feeling great. You know, it wasn't uh it wasn't hard at all. You know, I was even talking to my wife about it like I feel like I can do 170 maybe because uh 185 was easy. you know, I didn't have to go through any uh you know, like the hot tubs or like the the sauna for like a long period of time. I just had to manipulate a little bit my food and and my water intake. And besides that, it was it was smooth and I'm feeling very good for this match tomorrow. &gt;&gt; We always love to hear about a smooth weight cut. Now, Sean, you have earned your spot to be here. You did it at uh qualifiers for WNO at finishers BJJ. So, what is it like for you, the confidence that it brings knowing that you've earned your spot on this WNO stage? Well, yeah. I'm the only person here who had to win a qualifier to get here. So, now my next job is to prove that I belong here, and that's exactly what I plan on doing. &gt;&gt; How do you plan to execute the game plan against Lucas? &gt;&gt; I'm down to just meet in the middle, you know, Max Holloway style, and see who taps first. &gt;&gt; Hey, I like that reference. I mean, coming off of a great uh UFC pay-per-view with Max Holloway, when you think about your style and what you want the audience to know you for, what do you want them to know? Yeah. So, that's a a good question because uh usually I I pull guard, you know. Uh Sean is a guy that it's a very good guard player as well. U he he plays very good top as well, has good wrestling, but the fights that I I saw from him. He has good leg lockers, good leg locks and and good dares as well. So, I'm excited to see if he's going to stand with me. Uh take him down, get him to bottom position cuz I'm very excited to showcase a little bit of my passing. That's what I've been uh working on lately at the gym. And uh yeah, I can't wait to be on top tomorrow. I just want to showcase the jiu-jitsu fans that I'm more than just a guard player and I can pass guard as well. So, I'm hoping to pass his guard tomorrow and uh maybe uh pressure tap him, something like that. &gt;&gt; And you would be doing it in front of all of your students. I'm sure a lot would uh be coming to support you. The Miami energy here. So, when it comes for you, are you going to have anyone in the audience there for you specifically cheering you on? &gt;&gt; I feel like, you know, I don't need a hundred people in the audience. You know, I got my boy Keievon, my boy Giani, I got my girlfriend here. That's all I need to scrap. You know, I don't need 100 people. I feel good. &gt;&gt; Do you feel like it adds a little bit of pressure being at home or do you think it's more energizing to you? &gt;&gt; Oh, it's way more energizing. No pressure at all. You know, my students, they know me. Like when they are there watching, I just want to put on a good show for them. You know, it's just like a lesson for them. You know, I like to kind of like uh give them a seminar of what I teach at the gym every day. So the moves that I teach the guard passing stuff that I'm telling them over and over when he comes here I want to show them that it works against the highest level black belts. I fought Trump before and it was a six-minute match sub only and in a six-minute match I had never uh like I didn't know about him and he had a very flexible guard so in six minutes against a tough opponent it's kind of hard to uh get something going on. We had uh good attempts and stuff like that, but I believe in 15 minutes I'll be able to wear him down and and get him tired enough to be able to pass his guard and crush him. &gt;&gt; Now, Sean, what did you learn in the six minutes against him? &gt;&gt; Uh, in our last match, you know, we went the distance. We probably had the best match of the night and I'm here to do that again. You know, I go against some of the best grapplers in the world every day and do 15, 20 minute rounds. So, 15 minutes, I'm down to do it. &gt;&gt; No drilling though. No drilling, right? All right. A former driller. Now I do now I do a lot of eco. So I former driller. &gt;&gt; That's it. &gt;&gt; And for you, you also have uh Giani on this card. So uh being able to compete with a a teammate as well. Is that going to be something that is a little bit of support uh morally at least? &gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, it uh feels good to see familiar faces here. Uh I'm excited for his match as well. We're both out here to put on a show and I'm here to show that I belong here. When you want to prove that you belong here, is there a particular submission or something that you want to accomplish in particular for this match? &gt;&gt; A magician doesn't reveal their best tricks, right? So, I I can't I can't tell my opponent what I'm going to do. Combat strategy and I'm here to win. &gt;&gt; Touche. Well, tomorrow Lucas Lra is going to bring the action against Sean Yimaro. Thank you so much. &gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. Not the other way around. I'm bringing the action. That's it. &gt;&gt; Yes. Both of them are bringing the action. &gt;&gt; Action's coming. &gt;&gt; Wo 29. Thank you guys. &gt;&gt; Thank you. The lightweight match many people are going to be looking forward to. It is Giani Grippo taking on Max Hansen who is coming in on late notice. This fight fight was originally scheduled for Owen Jones. A little bit of issues there, but now &gt;&gt; can I chime in on this? Actually, I would just like to just for the audience to understand. So Owen Jones, you are a pussy for pulling out. This guy had a summer camp booked two days before the Who's Number One event in Spain. So he's basically chilling in Spain fucking about. And the day after he pulls out, he likes to talk shit to Karte and Phipe Penna, guys who show up to competitions all the time saying he's going to tap them out. The guy can't even show up to fight a 155. The dude has like 10 matches in his entire career. He needs to show up to one before he can actually talk shit. Just need to get that off my chest because I've got over like 200 matches in two years. I show up to every match. It's a pain in the ass just to get uh a ranked opponent at 155. So, thank you Johnny for taking that match. I think that's sick. Uh I respect anyone who can actually step up and fight. So, I think it's a bitch move on his part. Whatever his excuse may be, dude's chilling in Spain talking smack. I just think that's bitch made. But sorry for interrupting you. &gt;&gt; It's getting hot in here. It's literally steaming after that. Another guy who's monologue. Uh when it comes to just being very blunt and straightforward, I feel like that's something that a lot of people appreciate uh about your persona. So Max, when it comes to Giani, it seems like it's all respect, but when it comes to fight night, what are you looking to do against Giani? &gt;&gt; Uh it's not really a persona. It's just how I am. Uh when it comes to Johnny, uh I've studied him for a very long time as a purple ball. Uh I love watching matches. I've watched probably more footage than anyone in the sport. Uh it's just going to I I have a specific game plan of bringing like overwhelming pressure, breaking someone mentally and physically. I think that's like the purpose of jiu-jitsu. If you have someone who's very very good, those top guys like Hodrick Gracie and Gordon uh when he was competing, you would see they would break guys over time in the top position. And this is what I plan to do. Now, Giani, when Flo originally broke the news that Owen was out and they were starting to ask, who should be your opponent and a lot of people were throwing his name out, why do you think a lot of people were throwing his name out as a good match up against you? &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's a he's a good young opponent. He's coming up in the ranks really fast. Um, he's someone that we've always kind of talked about having a match for a while in other organizations and stuff like that. His name has always popped up. So, I think he was one of the first ones to come up because, as he says, he doesn't pull out of matches. He shows up to a lot of his events. Um, you know, so it was an easy match to make. We're both around the same weight most of the time, competing against a lot of the same guys, so it just seemed like an easy match to make happen. &gt;&gt; So, it's an easy match to make happen, but is it an easier match to win versus Owen Jones, or is Max harder? &gt;&gt; This is This is mine. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I was going to say that. That was your mistake, brother. Owen was the easier match. For sure. For sure. &gt;&gt; No, I don't know. It's all different styles. It's just another guy who's looking to attack legs. They all got the same kind of style in my opinion. I'm not worried about my opponent. Um, it could be whoever to be honest. I'm happy to be here. I am grateful for him for taking the match. Um, I wanted to be here. I was upset when Owen pulled out because I was thinking there might have been a chance that I wouldn't be here right now. So, I do appreciate Max for stepping up, but um, it's not about the opponent to me. Uh, I'm just happy to be here, give myself the opportunity to get to myself where I want to be. &gt;&gt; And you've been on various other promotions, staying sharp. So, why do you feel like you're 100% ready for this matchup and going to walk away with the win? &gt;&gt; Because I believe I've competed against like all different types of competitors. Everyone who's looking to do different things, have different styles. Um, there's nothing at this point that really surprises me, &gt;&gt; you know, so I feel comfortable taking any match at any time. You know, at first, you know, when people pull out of matches, they're like, "Oh, I don't want to do this match because it's a different guy." But I'm ready in game all the time. &gt;&gt; Max, do you feel like you're potentially the best lightweight in the world? Uh, I train with the best lightweight ine. That's Dante Leon. I would say I'm number two right now, but I'm on my way. Uh, honestly, I think most of the 155ers are are kind of punks. They're they're a little bit they're they're kind of pussies, bro. They don't take matches. There's a few of them I do respect. There's guys like DeAndre Corby, Gavin Corby, Pto. They fight very very often. And then all these other guys, it's they're so afraid to fight each other. They don't want to risk their arbitrary ranking. So, uh, to all you 155ers, you know, uh, basically start fighting, man. Start start fighting. It's crazy, man. It's crazy how many of the top guys, it was this weird thing. I I very recently like have come up into the top echelon after winning pans. And I just kind of realized that uh, all these guys I used to look up for just kind of bitches. Like, they're not really the fighters that I I wanted to be like. I wanted to be someone like a top black belt. Like, I wanted to break people. I wanted to be like them. And then I saw how they were in reality and it's just it was a very disappointing reality check for myself. So I kind of had to erase that fact of having heroes and all this stuff and try to be the athlete that I was thought I was looking up to. Like I thought I was looking up to these guys and when I'd meet them and I try to get matches with them or hell, bro, you even say something slightly uh slightly offensive to them. They they'll slide in your DMs and start sending you paragraphs and essays. I won't name names. There's one dude in particular I do want to name his name. &gt;&gt; I'm curious. Who is it? &gt;&gt; Oh, fuck. Dude, should I Okay, &gt;&gt; say it. Okay. All right. All right. &gt;&gt; You've already teased it. &gt;&gt; Okay, dude. I made a slight comment to Keith Cororan. Buddy was crying in my DMs for hours, bro. It was paragraph after paragraph. I couldn't even believe it. It was hilarious. But, uh, &gt;&gt; so that's that's interesting. &gt;&gt; He's a nice guy. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's a nice guy. But the thing is, he went he went into my DM. I publicly said it, so obviously I don't care if I would say it. I would say it to your face, bud. And then he went into the the DMs, went crazy, started talking shit about other people privately in my Instagram uh DM. So, it's like just say it openly if you're going to say some shit, bro. It It is what it is. I don't want to make this about Keith. It's about Giani. He's my opponent. I'm focused on him. I'm not focused on all these other guys. &gt;&gt; I don't know, man. You're talking about a lot of other guys here. &gt;&gt; I got a lot of guys on my hit list, bro. I got a lot of guys on my hit list. A lot of dudes. &gt;&gt; A lot of dudes on the mind, Matt. &gt;&gt; Giani. &gt;&gt; Oh, pause. Pause. &gt;&gt; Obviously, this match is going to be so exciting. What do you feel like is your responsibility as athletes to bring the action to make it entertaining, &gt;&gt; man? Just both for for us both to try to apply our games and do what we do best and just stay moving forward the whole time. I liked what they were saying before, just continuing to move forward, not stalling, not backing up at any point during the match, whether we're looking to pass or whether we're playing guard or whether we're on our feet, you know, just continuing to move forward the whole time. Um, you know, you want to be here, you want to win, of course, that's the goal, but you also want to be able to put on entertaining matches at the same time. That's what keeps you here for the long for the long haul, I'd say, usually. And I saw in an interview, you're not one to trash talk and even would joke about having a ghost writer, but you know, we just had a moment here, a little subliminal uh I guess passive aggressive comments. Is the heat heating up between you guys a little bit? Is this kind of what happens on fight week when it's, you know, two lightweights, elite lightweights about to go headto-head? &gt;&gt; I know that's the thing to do. Um, but I never felt like trash. I never need to like trash talk someone or say anything bad just to try to like hype up a match. um if they feel like the need to do that to like get themselves known and get themselves out there, that's fantastic. But, uh I don't feel like I need to do that for people to know who I am. Um I put that in the performance and that's fine. Um yeah, that's pretty much it. &gt;&gt; And Max, you're great on the mic when you made that call out against Owen Jones just now, but what else do you have to say about your opponent this time, which is Giani? Uh essentially I mean I have nothing really to say to him. Uh I the guy isn't really my friend right now. He can we can be friends after. But to me like uh like he was saying like I never actually am trying to shit talk just to gain fame or value or any of this. I'm just being blunt. It's just how I feel, right? I'm kind of a shit disturb behind the scenes. So just kind of myself being myself up here. And yeah, like my I mean I'm not going to be like, "Fuck you. I don't like your haircut, dude." But it's just like I'm here to fight. &gt;&gt; My hair looks stupid. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Honestly, I kind of copying his mid part right now, so I can't really shit talk that. But &gt;&gt; yeah, I mean, &gt;&gt; before competitions, no one's really my friend, so I don't really care if I I hurt their feelings or not. Afterwards, we can be friends, but before that, it's uh it's kind of like, "Fuck you. I'm I'm trying to take what he's working for and he's trying to take the same thing from me, &gt;&gt; right? I'm basically I'm basically stealing from him if I beat him. If he beats me, he's stealing my dreams, right? So, I don't want to be friends with anyone I'm fighting until afterwards, right? That's kind of how I feel about it. It's not It's not so much to, you know, uh get idiots in comments to be like, "Huh, he's talking shit. Let me follow him." It's not like that. Not like that at all. No, &gt;&gt; it's all very genuine and very warranted. This is a big match. So happy you stepped up on short notice. Giani, we're excited for you to make your WO debut. What is it like for you knowing that this is one of the biggest stage that you rightfully deserve to be on? &gt;&gt; Yeah, you know, I've been watching WO since, you know, the COVID days and when they first started and uh I always have serious FOMO. Like I hate watching events most of the time. I hate to say it. Sometimes I'll just tune out of events because I feel like I should be there. I've seen matches where I'm like, man, I deserve to be on that stage. I deserve that match where maybe that guy is. you know, I'll get a little jealous sometimes, you know, so I've always wanted wherever the action is is where I want to be. So, to finally be able to make it happen, you know, we've been going back and forth for maybe a couple years now to try to get the right match going. We had one and then it fell through and then thankfully, uh, Max stepped up as well to make it happen as well. So, I appreciate that. It's cool to be here. I plan to stay here. I feel like potentially down the line like a fourman, eightman bracket with Owen Jones involved could be something very big with a big price tag. You guys are &gt;&gt; see there's a there's a problem with that though. There's a problem with that. The guy has to actually show up. That's the issue. &gt;&gt; Yeah. What did he say? &gt;&gt; What did he say? Something about it. &gt;&gt; He hit us with that mic drop. Damn. Max Hansen, Giani Grippo, they're going to be bringing the action. W29, thank you guys for playing ball. It is going to be quite an electric night in the Mana Winwood Convention Center. We'll see you guys there. And up next, we're going to have Roberto Jimenez versus Ryan Aken up to the stage. Standing by with Roberto Jimenez and Ryan Aken. And they are having amazing runs. Last time I saw Roberto Menz, it was after a big Aigo win. Last time I saw you, PGF champ. So now we're coming to meet on this WNO 29 stage. Ryan, you said that this match would even be bigger than the championship against Pedro. Why do you feel this way? &gt;&gt; Well, I've already beaten Pedro, so I know I can do that. I know I can beat Roberto, and I just have to prove that. And that's my plan for tomorrow. Um, also this match has a lot more history to me. You know, me and Roberto go way back. Um, we trained at Lucas Lre's gym. Man, I would fly all the way out to Vegas to do some Vegas opens in the ghee and I would train with Roberto and to have it come full circle and us meet at the top of this mountain again, it's, you know, it it feels like it's written, you know, &gt;&gt; quite surreal. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So to that's why this is the biggest match like of my career so far. And I've trained like that. I haven't had a drink. I haven't smoked weed. I haven't touched a thing. I've been very straight laced for about two months now. And my team has been the same. They've been working really hard with me. And uh we're going to show up and show out tomorrow. &gt;&gt; I definitely love I think all three of us at the table are on the sober grind just focused and ready to go. Uh, and you said mentioning that this would be one of your bigger matches, but Roberto, you were coming off of one of the greatest wins against Gian Carlo that also came with a big price tag as well. So, when you're looking at this matchup, do you look at his match against Ryan Aken as one of the biggest of your career? Um, first off, besides the fight, uh, I want to say happy birthday or happy Earthstrong to, uh, his imperial majesty, Haley Salassi, Jarstafar, Conan line of the tribe of Judah. Uh, birth date July 23rd of 1892. Um, beautiful story. So, that's uh, someone who's inspired me a lot um, with the David versus Goliath story. So, I'm just thankful to do what I love and to have found something that I'm able to, you know, live a way of life that I can be satisfied and help my family. Not even mentioning anything material, just besides the material things. And uh it's true. Uh Ryan and I used to train with Lucas and one time Ryan did visit Las Vegas. Um, but before Las Vegas twice. Yeah, that's true. But before Las Vegas, I lived in Ecuador. My life was in Ecuador and my first language pan. And I'm very thankful to be performing um in the area where I was born in Penrook Pines, Miami area. So yeah, before even that, you know, before Vegas, we lived in Houston, Texas. And um yeah, I I had to learn to adapt as a young kid for sure. Like not learning off the first couple of months. I didn't know English. So, um white boy don't speak no English. It was it was different. But now, um I'm thankful for those difficulties because I got to see how, you know, make excuses for anything in life. Um, you know, my my mom going full-time school and working and my dad as well doing like bouncing trainer as a 24-hour fitness trainer, training, jiu-jitsu, construction work, all at the same time. I was like, man, this guy's invincible. So, and he was a he was already masters back then. So, to me, it just put a work ethic that I had to match. If I if I have the opportunity not to work and my work is jiu-jitsu, then I have to put the same work ethic that my dad was putting into us being able to have a a house or an apartment cuz both my parents were working back then. And um yeah, we went through the basics like food stamps, McDonald's, dollar menu, ramen cups every day. So that's why I'm like really focused on nutrition because I saw how that food kind of changed my body from living in Ecuador and then moving to the US. Um, so yeah, man. I'm just overall this is going to be a great experience. I want to put on great jiu-jitsu. I know we can put on great jiu-jitsu and um I'm thankful for this. So, let's go out there and do some jiu-jitsu. &gt;&gt; And Ryan, &gt;&gt; I know uh one of the things that you've mentioned in your interviews is that you started at 15, you paid your way through everything, and you guys are kind of similar in that way. uh just not having anything handed to you. So in that sense, what is it about Roberto that you respect? &gt;&gt; Um on Okay, I can think all the way back to when I first met Roberto and it's his ability to just have fun doing jiu-jitsu. Uh it was something that I feel like I really took from training with Roberto and I brought it back. Um, I could think of a technique in particular that I remember just watching him have fun using and it was like this double over knee slide. Uh, like he'd push both the legs together and slide over both of them, right? It wasn't your traditional, you know, knee slide. And so I picked up some things from Roberto when I first met him. And uh, and that was definitely the main thing was this this look of you're just having fun while you're training. you know, I always just took it so seriously and I still do that to this day. Um, but I think a lot of people can see that in Roberto that he's somebody that just has fun doing jiu-jitsu. &gt;&gt; And Roberto, we can definitely feel it in your energy. It's such positive energy and we were able to see that last time you were on the WNO stage with the 15-second submission. So, how much of your energy do you feel like lives out through your jiu-jitsu? Um, you know, jiu-jitsu is a art, so we're just expressing ourselves the way that we've been with the skill that we've been given. Um, yeah. Uh, a friend once put it, it's a focused fun. So, that that's how I see it. It's focused fun. And, um, yeah, I'm not much to talk too much, but I just want to go out there. &gt;&gt; Respect. respect force you guys. &gt;&gt; What about anime? &gt;&gt; We have a lot of anime talk to get to. I didn't warn Roberto about this beforehand, but I do uh have to bring up some serious topics. Roberto, how does it make you feel that Ryan thinks he has a more sophisticated anime taste than you? &gt;&gt; Um, I don't know because &gt;&gt; shots fired for sure. &gt;&gt; I've seen your Goku drug rug. All right. Not hiding anything. That's a pretty bland taste in It's not a It's not a what you called it. It's not that. It's not drugs. It's um &gt;&gt; It's a joke. &gt;&gt; I know, but I don't take it too much as a joke. &gt;&gt; What What do you call that? &gt;&gt; It's um poncho and it's from the Andes. We use it when it's cold and &gt;&gt; Yeah. But um &gt;&gt; when I was in high school, all these all the kids rocking those are just smoking a bunch of weed and we called it a drug rug. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Not a big deal. &gt;&gt; It depends uh you know what you want to do with it, but &gt;&gt; poncho. Cool. Poncho. &gt;&gt; Goku Poncho. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Is Goku your favorite anime character? &gt;&gt; For sure. You see Goku is always eating and training and just being &gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. &gt;&gt; Got you. Luffy kicks Goku's ass. &gt;&gt; You think so? &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; I don't think anyone can beat Goku. And even when Goku when Goku has had his uh his slips, &gt;&gt; he always comes back stronger. &gt;&gt; Same thing with Luffy, bro. &gt;&gt; True. All of them. Goku, Naruto, Luffy all are um you know they can't get stay down. They always get back up. &gt;&gt; But Luffy looks better when he does it. &gt;&gt; That's your opinion. I think Goku is the OG. &gt;&gt; Well, there you have it. &gt;&gt; Bullshit. &gt;&gt; What uh &gt;&gt; no bullshit. Uh maybe some Buffalo, but no bull. &gt;&gt; What emotes are we going to get out there? I know you like to do some different theatrics. Do you have anything planned or is it all surprise for WO29? &gt;&gt; Well, you know, uh Luffy's got a power up into gear 2, baby. Um I'm also I got one in the bank, too. I'm ready to debut when I win. So, you guys just stay tuned for that one. &gt;&gt; And that'll be live on Flow Grappling. And before the main card, we're going to have the undercard, which is live and free on YouTube. Your brother's going to be on there. How do you feel about that, &gt;&gt; man? I'm so I'm really looking forward to being on the same card with my brother with Natan. This card overall is uh really dope. A lot of people that have fought before and um it's going to be cool. Yeah, &gt;&gt; there's 11 fighters from South Florida or around Florida. Do you feel like the guys from Unity are really going to shut down that South Florida energy and go uh 100% on the wins? &gt;&gt; Man, we got to take it one step at a time. You know, um some of the greats have always said you can't predict everything. The fight is one before the fight, but anything can happen. So, let's just show out there and see what happens. When you think about this match in particular, how do you think you win it? &gt;&gt; I remember catching Roberto in a camora back in the days at Lucas Lri. So, I'm going for a camora or a back take. &gt;&gt; Damn, we're bringing out the receipts. Okay, the training day receipts &gt;&gt; back in the day. But remember, training is not the same as fighting. &gt;&gt; So, we just got to be there. just go out and do the show. &gt;&gt; How do you plan on adjusting to his chaotic style? &gt;&gt; I was born in the darkness. Uh I've been training my cardio nonstop for the last two months, ever since I knew this was uh a possibility. So, like like Ricardo hit me up like a long time ago and I knew that my name was like being thrown around for this and immediately I was like, I got to get a head start on cardio again. Here we go. Especially for Roberto because I know that he relies on tiring out his opponents. I've heard him called a cardio machine before. So, I've been on the cardio machines religiously leading up to this. I do not expect to get tired tomorrow. The action will be brought Friday, July 25th. Thank you guys so much for the time. Up next, we have Adele Fornerino versus Jasmine Hosa. And I think things are going to get pretty heated, so stay tuned. &gt;&gt; One love. The co-main event of the evening. Adele Fornerino, twotime ADCC champ, aka Daddy. And we also have Jasmine Roachcha here who's going to be coming in with the Miami crowd behind her. And she is wearing that mommy hat. And I'm sitting between them. Mommy and daddy are fighting, guys. And I'm scared. I don't know what to do. But Jasmine, I'm going to start with you. What gave you the audacity to wear a mommy hat to the press conference? Listen, you know, uh, mommy vibes are where it's at. You know, I'm the Miami mommy. She's coming here to my hometown and I got to show her what's up. You know, in a mommy daddy fight, we always know who wins. &gt;&gt; What was your instant reaction when you saw that clip online? &gt;&gt; Oh, look, it's like I get that you look up to me. I know you want to be like me and that's fine. It's okay. But like a teu version of of what daddy is. Like, you know, you can try. &gt;&gt; Timu, that's crazy, bro. You're like the Teimu Caitlyn Clark. Who are you talking about? Teimu. Like, come on now. You know about Teeu, don't you? &gt;&gt; It's all right. It's all right. She tries. It's okay. Like, she wants to play with the big boys and that's okay. We'll let her sit on our table, but you know, we'll put her back in her place soon. &gt;&gt; Big boys. It's girls mommy, hence the mommy. That's why we're not doing big boys. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I was supposed to be here with my lady boy hat, but Craig completely dropped the ball there. When it comes to this matchup stylistically, obviously we saw it at 80CC, but Adele, now you're taking it on at 135 instead of the lower weight. So, why did you want to go up in weight? And I guess it's also partially because you get to enjoy your time more and eat a little bit. &gt;&gt; 100%. Like, I'm enjoying eating, but like I've been there, I've done that at at 55 kilos at 121, so I wanted to, you know, try and challenge myself a little bit. We've had the match before, so I I thought I'd give her a little bit more of an opportunity to to eat what she wanted to eat and and have a bit more fun with that. But, you know, I'm enjoying eating what I want to eat. I'm enjoying, you know, having a bit of fun. And, you know, I'm I'm coming in to challenge myself. I don't see weight as a problem. I I never have. I don't think that weight plays a big part in in proper jiu-jitsu fights. I don't think that weight plays a big part if if you're a technical jiu-jitsu grappler. And if you actually want to do jiu-jitsu. Uh, so whatever weight division is going to be, I'm I'm happy to play at it. &gt;&gt; So, how is this rematch going to be different? &gt;&gt; That's an excellent question. The answer is it won't. &gt;&gt; The the answer is pretty simple. It's going to end with me submitting daddy. Pretty simple. It's going to end very differently. &gt;&gt; What have you been working on that gives you that confidence? &gt;&gt; I don't know if I want to give her too much intel. You know, I know she uh she's probably banking on me telling her what I'm going to do to her tomorrow. But it's pretty simple. I'm just going to be relentless. Do what I do best and and we're going to scrap it out here in Miami. We're going to fight. &gt;&gt; When you guys look into each other's eyes, Jasmine, do you feel like Adele respects you? &gt;&gt; No. I think there's there's a ton of mutual respect. There's no doubt about it. You know, um, shit talk's cool, banter's cool, but at the end of the day, we both keep it classy. We both have a lot of respect for each other, and at the end of the day, we both have the same goals and mindset. We're trying to accomplish the same things. So, there's nothing but but mutual respect, but at the end of the day, you know, we're still fighting. &gt;&gt; Still fighting indeed. And Adele, you've had quite the year and you're even going to be competing again in August. So, why is it was part of the reason that you took this at a higher weight because you're going to have to start getting used to that bigger weight in August as well? &gt;&gt; Yeah, 100% that played into it. Like making sure that I don't need to cut weight in the next however many months is going to be really important. Making sure that I'm trying to build on my weight, trying to get bigger as much as I can. You know, we're not going to push it. We're not going to put silly weight on. Uh everything's kind of structured and everything's professional. But part of taking this match at 135 weight division was trying to get bigger uh and trying to get more comfortable with with bigger girls. But like I said before, like weight doesn't scare me. Like I'm not too fussed about what the weight division is. I I back my technique. I back my jiu-jitsu. And and that's where the match is going to play. &gt;&gt; And when it comes to the iconic name of Daddy, obviously uh it's not to say it's not to put down like woman in any way, kind of like how the clip was, but can you kind of give your stance on on that reaction? &gt;&gt; Daddy is nothing to do with putting down anyone for that matter. Daddy is just a mindset. Daddy is about being, you know, strong and and dominant and alpha and that it doesn't there's no gender to daddy. Daddy is just a mentality. Daddy is, you know, a, for lack of a better term, like persona that you can put on when you're out on the mat, claiming ownership of what somebody else is trying to take from you. She's trying to take a win from me. I'm not going to let her take it from me. So, I'm going to come in with that daddy energy and I'm going to put her in her place. &gt;&gt; How do you feel about that knowing that there's going to be a lot of people in Miami rooting for you? Does that add pressure or does that energize you? I think that adds pressure to her. You know, I have my town here cheering for me. I think I sold the most tickets here at Who's Number One. And I'm gonna have everybody here loud and proud cheering me on. And I can't wait to uh put Daddy in her place. &gt;&gt; End of the day, everybody's here to watch us. Let's be real. Everybody's here. &gt;&gt; At the end of the day, everybody's here to watch us. That's That's all that matters. You know, eyes on us. You know, they should have put us as the main event, you know. &gt;&gt; I agree. I agree. But hey, &gt;&gt; hey, listen. It is what it is. We'll do the next one. It is the co-main event, but definitely headliner worthy. What is it like for you? You also have your coach here who's going to be on the card. And then Kit Dale, who's headlining. &gt;&gt; I'm super excited to see all the Aussies on this card. Like we're we're everywhere and we're dominant and we're going to put on amazing performances like we have in the past. Uh to have Jacob Driscoll on this card is is extra special for me because he yeah is a fantastic coach, but now we get to actually show him as as an athlete and how technical he is as an athlete. So, I'm very very excited. I'm very, very proud to see him on that stage. And, you know, I grew up watching Kit. So, seeing him back on the stage, back ready to show some Australian style jiu-jitsu. You know, he was beating the shit out of everybody back in the day. You know, he took his hiatus and now he's back to show everybody that he can still beat the shit out of everybody. So, I'm excited. &gt;&gt; It's pretty cool. Honestly, you know, Jake is fighting one of my teammates. So, after he loses, the downward train is going to continue when he goes to Coach Adele and then she's going to lose. And then after she loses, the next Aussie is going to go down. So guys, this is the downfall of the Aussie. &gt;&gt; How does your dad get it done against Kit? &gt;&gt; However he wants, honestly. Like Kit Dale has been worried about singing songs and stuff. So I'm I'm not even stressed about my dad. I don't think I'm going to coach him. I'm just going to sit there and watch. &gt;&gt; Well, there you have it. I do want to get your guys' perspective as such big figures for women in jiu-jitsu. What is your greatest mission at this point as as an athlete? &gt;&gt; I think both of us have the same mission. It's to grow jiu-jitsu, grow women's jiu-jitsu, and make a lot of money so we can retire by 35. &gt;&gt; No, like Jasmine said very, very well, we want to grow the sport. We want to grow women in the sport. We want to put more women in like high positions in this sport. So, we want to make sure that we're headlining events and I think we want to make sure that we're getting paid. Like, we we bring in a like like I don't know where this debate is coming from about like nobody watches female jiu-jitsu. Like, that's a load of horseshit. Like, there are eyes on us. I think we had the most views on the most of the reels that are through flow grappling. Like &gt;&gt; man, all the eyes are on us right now. &gt;&gt; Everybody's watching this event for us. So, you know, we deserve to get paid for it and and that's what we're going to continue to do so that the next generation can get paid and then the generation after that, you know, can just do jiu-jitsu for their entire life. And that that's exciting to me. &gt;&gt; We're paving the way. &gt;&gt; Exactly. The narrative that uh women don't move the needle is an outdated narrative. Get over it, people. Mommy, daddy in the building. And tomorrow they're going to be bringing the action at WNO29. And up next we have your headliner Kit Dale versus Vagnerosa. Coming up, &gt;&gt; let's go. &gt;&gt; And finally, the moment you guys have all been waiting for. Kit Dale here. Vagnner Rosha to my left. The energy is heated after quite a few uh different interviews that we've had. But I'm very curious, Vagner, because I saw in an interview your mentality when it comes to opponents. You don't train for a particular opponent. You just focus on what you're going to do. But when you look across the table into the eyes of Kit Dale, &gt;&gt; what do you see? &gt;&gt; Uh I see a very talented man. Uh he he impressed me uh tremendously over the course of this uh promo for this fight. Not by his training because I saw the videos he was making of himself training uh but his uh ability to be an entertainer. I I I knew he worked in a little bit in showbiz, but the singing and the and the and the talking about what he's planning and the things I it it made me go, "Oh man, this is this is poetic, you know, this is really good." And um I wasn't a fan before and I became a fan. Usually I feel like the Aussies jokes are not kind of funny, but you did a great job. And and I got to I got to I got to give you credit on that. I was like I was impressed. I was I even my wife was like, "Man, he's really good at singing." I'm like, "Yeah." She's like, "I don't what is he doing in ninjutsu? Why is he here?" Like, "Oh, he's good at both things." So, I guess uh he's gonna we're going to test that tomorrow. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I think I saw a comment, you know, Jasmine saying that your singing is better than your jiu-jitsu. &gt;&gt; Jazz. &gt;&gt; How does how does that uh feel? Jasmine in the corner over here like &gt;&gt; I I don't think that's a compliment at all to get started. Uh but uh you know I just wanted to prepare myself because uh you know Vagnner is you know I've been a fan of Vagnner for a long time back in the Abu Dhabi pro days and he's incredibly smart. I mean look at that head the size of that head. You don't put a uh a small engine in a chassis like that. He knows what he's doing and uh he's most likely going to destroy me tomorrow. So I want to make sure that I got a career set for afterwards and we're going to actually start a band. I'm gonna ask Vagnner if he wants to be in there playing the tambourine and um &gt;&gt; we'll get Jasmine on the Glock and Spiel and we're good I think. &gt;&gt; Now Kit, how do you feel about going up against a guy that wakes up every morning, makes spinach, eggs, and oatmeal and puts it all in the same bowl and then just eats it like that's normal. What I witnessed on that day in the life of um Vagnner was an absolute abomination. Um I don't know how any human can put that in their body. Uh &gt;&gt; on a daily basis. &gt;&gt; It look it looked it looked like nuclear moose shit to be honest with you. Um but it also terrified me because a man that can you know devour that I mean imagine what he can do to someone like me. Uh and that really scares me. So as much as it was, you know, made me vomit on my sweater, I was uh also terrified. &gt;&gt; So we just mentioned that your breakfast habits have him terrified, but when you watched his performance against Shanji Hero, was there anything about Kit Dale style that terrified you, Vagner? &gt;&gt; Um, no. I mean, I've been doing jiu-jitsu too long and I I've been in a I've been in many fights, MMA fights, so jiu-jitsu doesn't doesn't even scare me. What it does is present um a ability for me to start piecing things together. And I was challenged by watching him fight. It made me feel like he was a mirror of myself. I was watching him and going, "Oh, he does some very similar things that I do." Very tactical, subtle uh attacks that I'm like, "Oh, that's exactly how I fight." And then I started thinking, I was like, "Oh, yeah. He's old and he's strong and he's practical and he's trying to train jiu-jitsu for the rest of his life. So, he knows what he's supposed to do. He's not wasting a bunch of energy exploding doing cartwheels and he's tactical. And when I watched it, I was like, "Oh, okay. I like this." And and it it interested me big time. And I was like, um, I was the one to message me Ricardo. I was like, "Hey, how about me and Kit Dale?" Cuz, you know, we're the same age. We've been in the game for the same amount of time and I've we never fought each other and he's here again back to work. So, put me in there with him in Miami, you know, which is going to be a, you know, a opportunity for us to both get, you know, another guy close to our age that's has similar goals. So, &gt;&gt; and Kit, we've heard Jake O'Drriscoll today say that you were one of the competitors that he looked up to when he was in Australia. And we've even heard Craig Jones go on podcast saying that you were the guy that would beat up him in Lachland. So now that you're on the big stage and people may not have respect for your name, do you feel like having these opportunities with WNO getting big wins over guys like Shanji Habro reminds people of why people why people should respect you and your game? &gt;&gt; Um, you know, I think with the the Jeanji match was a very, you know, good matchup for me. I I think it kind of made me look a lot better than what I really am. I think we're going to find that out tomorrow night. Um, I'm just glad to be able to, you know, compete again and actually get a chance to to to headline cards against such amazing competitors. Um, I don't, uh, you know, I I did a lot of studying on this and it's really nice that Craig admitted that I used to beat him up. I still would, but he keeps avoiding me. Um, but I think it's it's it's, you know, Craig just, you know, Craig wasn't that funny when we first started either. Um, I used to coach him a lot of a lot of the humor and stuff, but it's not about Craig. Uh, I did a lot of, you know, homework for this match and I watched a lot of Vagnner and I I told him, um, I probably shouldn't have because it gave me a lot of anxiety, but he has a great style and I I agree with him. I think we're, you know, it's a stylistically it's good because it's a clash and we both kind of want the same things and, you know, a lot of the things that he was doing I really liked. you know, I felt like I learned more from watching his, you know, his matches for my training than what I was in finding any kind of solution to what he's doing. Um, so I'm super excited to uh to to feel what it's like to have Vagna's hands on me. I He's got really big hands. It looks like you literally got bitten by a monkey as a kid and that was like the superpower you got was in your forearms and arms and hands. It was like grabbing a bunch of bananas when we shook hands before. Uh, and I'm actually terrified to feel them on me. and I see like he's going to snap me down through the mats. So, but you know, I'm excited about that. &gt;&gt; Do you feel like he's playing a little bit of mind games with you? &gt;&gt; No, he he's um he's doing exactly what I do to everybody. I'm very nice off the mat and all the guys, all the competitors here will tell you I'm a genuinely kind person off everybody's got this huge impression of that I'm this mean guy on the mat, but in reality, I'm the nicest person off the mat. And when I'm off the mat, I'm this person because this is who I am. But when I'm fighting, it's a whole another person. It's I go into this mindset that I'm like, "Hey, this guy's here to beat me. He's here to take what's mine." And that ain't happening. And then I go into I'm going to kill you mode. And then usually people go, "Wow, this guy is mean. He's rude. He's wrong." And I get this bad rep. I'm like the the villain in most matches. Yeah. Completely misunderstood because in reality is when there is no rules in love and war and we're at war. You know, right now me and him, we're not at war. Right now, I respect him who he is. When I step on the mat, we're going to shake hands and I'm gonna do whatever it takes that's in the rules to beat him and I'm gonna get it done by doing what I need to do. So, you know, and and I'm okay with that, too. He's going to bring it. I'm going to laugh it off and we're going to have a conversation in the middle of it sometime and be like, "Hey, that was good. That was bad. This sucks. This is not fun." Whatever that is. One of us is going to be in that end of the boat because I feel it because we're that kind of person. But again, I'm like I said, I'm his the way he talks to me and the way he I'm I'm I'm receptive. You know, this is this is normal for me. That's actually what I do to people here all the time. And I'm like, "Huh, that's I'm telling you, it's a mirror of myself a little bit." You know, &gt;&gt; when the main event, Bright Light Shine, tomorrow night, what can fans expect, Kit? &gt;&gt; Pale complexion. Um me squinting a little bit maybe. Uh, I think we're gonna see um the best version of Vagna and um a reasonable version of me, I think. Uh, and I think there's going to be uh, you know, a lot of people in the stands and um, there's going to be mats as well down there and some music sometimes. I think it's going to be really good. Um, and um, you know, I'm feeling really good. I'm really confident about this this match. Uh, but you know, you're going to you're going to see a lot. You're gonna see the takedowns. Um, some jiu-jitsu probably. But in all seriousness, um, it's going to be good. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Are you okay? You're shaking a bit. Do you want me to get you Oh, wait. You have water there. I get &gt;&gt; This is I I do this when I get confident. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; I get super confident. I got I got kind of tremors a little bit. But, um, you know, I'm I'm really excited about this. Uh, did he say he was going to kill me? &gt;&gt; He did a few times behind the scenes. Um, &gt;&gt; help. &gt;&gt; He said he was going to go to jail. &gt;&gt; Uh, &gt;&gt; he said that in his video, didn't he say that? Somebody was going to go to jail and he was going to go &gt;&gt; Somebody Somebody did go to jail today. And it was me at the Miami airport. &gt;&gt; I'm going to jail because of the knives they're giving us and I'm going to get caught holding one. You know, I'm not going to I'm I'm the same as Vagna. You know, when we get on there, I switch. I switch. &gt;&gt; He does. And this is all an act. And he's amazing. And and I genuinely appreciate his his composure cuz he we we um I like I said, I really believe we're a mirror. And I watch him fight. I watch him fight a bunch of fights at the at the CGI trials over in Australia and it's all an act. It's all smile and then he shake hands and he's throwing people in the doors and into the walls. He's he's a savage. So he's going to bring savages and he's just going to meet another savage like him tomorrow. Did you really go up to him and say, "If you had one opportunity, would you let it slip?" &gt;&gt; That is true. It changed my life. &gt;&gt; This co-main event features your daughter. I feel like anytime the Vagners compete, it's like a family uh affair, the Roachas. So, what is it going to be like for you? You're headlining and then you also are going to have your daughter as a co-main. Is that going to be hard to balance? &gt;&gt; Um, it isn't the first time we've done this. Um, I've headlined cards before and Jasmine and Achilles have been on the cards, so this isn't the first time, but it is uh it is always hard um to do it. Um, I'm excited for her. She's uh spent a lot of time off the mat uh without competing and she's become a different person since uh her last competitions and uh I'm excited to see her go out there and uh put the work that she's doing. she's, you know, works really hard to to get better and she puts in, you know, the dedication that's necessary and I watch her and uh and my son, they do it and they it's impressive because I'm like, man, how did I translate so much love in one thing to both of them? Um, and I didn't do it by words. I showed them by actions. You know, I like I said, you guys seen it on that day in my life. It's like if I go into, oh, I'm only going to train because I got to fight Kit, then I'm never going to train when I don't have a match. No, I'm going to train all the time because training is my life and that's what we do. And and I explained that to them as they were little. And I always said jiu-jitsu isn't a sport. Jiu-jitsu is a skill, you know, and they need that skill in their life. Whether you're going to do something else with your life, you're going to be an actor, you're going to be a a doctor, you're you have that skill in your mind that, you know, you're confident in yourself, you know. So, thank God they were they able to to to generate this and love it and uh and uh and make a life out of it and and we're all living in the same boat, you know. &gt;&gt; It's definitely a touching story. Uh the Roachcha family, is there anything in your life that you love as much as like the love of a kid or you kind of just a little empty or &gt;&gt; No, no. I have like a family like it's just it's we're kind of like a mirror but in that sense but like an opposite mirror because like you know you have such a great family and uh I see you know what you've done and it's amazing and with your children and I my son Craig uh you know is kind of the opposite like you know he stole a lot of stuff from me uh you know I was never safe around him &gt;&gt; drug dealer &gt;&gt; 100% 100% uh and you know so it's really good to see like what can happen with proper parenting and that's probably where I failed you know &gt;&gt; I don't I think I showed him enough love to be honest with you. &gt;&gt; Maybe that too. &gt;&gt; Or maybe too much. Uh but you know, I I think it's great and I you know, if I was spending more time here, I would definitely um try and uh come and have like a family meal. Not that breakfast stuff that you were having, but like &gt;&gt; Okay. I would I get I'd make you something else. That's my This is the only thing I do in my house. So, my wife cooks everything else. I make breakfast. &gt;&gt; Oh, really? &gt;&gt; I got breakfast. &gt;&gt; All right. So, we skip breakfast, but I would I would love that if I had more time here and hopefully one day I get to come back and uh welcome. &gt;&gt; And do it if I'm not dead by the end of this match. Um, but yeah, it's it's beautiful to see that. It really is. &gt;&gt; Well, it's very interesting to see that Kit Dale claims fatherhood over the problem child of jiu-jitsu, Craig Jones, who is going to be in the building, Mana Winwood Convention Center for W29. And there's also some other heavy hitters that are going to be in the crowd as well. &gt;&gt; You got to say that that kid is the father of Australian jiu-jitsu. No, I mean, he was the first Australian I ever saw that was good. &gt;&gt; I don't remember any other one before you. &gt;&gt; There is none. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's it. Just me. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I think Craig's here. &gt;&gt; He's supposed to be coming. &gt;&gt; We're all scared. Guys, tune in exclusively on Flow Grappling. Kit Dale Vagnner Rosha in your main event WNO29 Friday, July 25th. We'll see you there. &gt;&gt; Let's go. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Hey, Heat.