Kind: captions Language: en going to look to control, stay on top, get the submissions. Pretty classic game though. &gt;&gt; And what are you expecting in terms of the electric energy in the crowd since you guys are both from Austin? Are you guys going to have a lot of people there to support? &gt;&gt; Yeah, there's going to be a lot of people from Paragon watching. A lot of people from Paragon coming to watch. Um, so they're going to be loud. I'm excited. I'm sure there's a lot of 10th Planet people coming as well. So, should be a good way to start the card. &gt;&gt; And you're always getting a lot of work in with some of the flow guys because they trade at Paragon as well. So, what has it been like for you prepping for the final WNO card of the year? &gt;&gt; Um, it's been really good. I've had to take the ghee off, which which hurts, but get my uh no gee reps, but having the flow guys there, it's always really helpful. &gt;&gt; Always there to grab the content and all that. Now, I'm going to get into the nitty-gritty of things. &gt;&gt; How would you rate his jiu-jitsu? One to 10. &gt;&gt; Um, I rolled with them once and it was a really tough role. It was It was a ghee. Um, but I have a ghee background. So, uh, it was a really back and forth battle of trying to pass and then him retaining and shooting submissions. So, about 10. &gt;&gt; 10. And for you? &gt;&gt; Wow. I'll have to give it 10, too. That was really high praise. Um, yeah, I remember the role. It was in the ghee and I was using a lot of lapel, so they're not going to be there for me uh tomorrow night. So, new strategies. &gt;&gt; And when it comes to the bright lights of WNO, how are you planning to manage those nerves coming in? &gt;&gt; Uh, I'm just going to stay calm. I've competed a lot before. um try to shut everything else out and just focus on what I'm doing. &gt;&gt; And are you going to go be going up to him and saying like, "Hey man, I know you're the lead security guard at Comedy Mothership. Do you think you can get me in a, you know, a Kill Tony shift?" You know, he's the head security guard, right? &gt;&gt; Uh yeah, I've heard that. Is that possible? &gt;&gt; Um potentially. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Winner or loser has to go on Kill Tony? They have to put Can we make that bet? &gt;&gt; Can we make that bet? Who loses has to do a minute or at least try to get on to kill &gt;&gt; the name in the bucket. [laughter] Yeah, &gt;&gt; that sounds awful. &gt;&gt; We'll help you create some cont. &gt;&gt; I'm going to type minute. I could do it. I'm not going to do it right now, but yeah, I'll save it for Kill Tony. &gt;&gt; If there was any predictions for this upcoming bout, what is your prediction? &gt;&gt; Um, I think I think I'll get the back and uh look for submission. Get a submission &gt;&gt; for yourself. &gt;&gt; I think I'm going to play mostly from the bottom. be shooting a lot of submissions, setting a lot of traps. &gt;&gt; This is going to be kicking off the night. Prelims free on YouTube. How excited are you to really set the tone for the night? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's awesome. We get to go first. It's a huge card. It's like it's just awesome to be here. Really excited. &gt;&gt; Sean Magnus, any final thoughts? &gt;&gt; Oh, I'm just excited. Also, I know most of the people competing pretty well, so it's it's going to be a blast to compete and then get to watch everyone. &gt;&gt; So, you're going to be just focused on fight night because there's Thursday night jiu-jitsu tonight as well. Yes, tune into that. I'm actually working tonight, so I've got to go to work right after this. &gt;&gt; Wow, that is backtoback action. Sean Magnus, he is going to be taking on Nick Fritz. Thank you guys so much for the time. We'll see you there. &gt;&gt; Thank you. Second prelim bout of the night is Grayson Henley versus Michael Banick. And you guys actually have a little bit of history together that the audience might not know about. Grayson, can you tell me a little bit about how you know this guy? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean I go to the the Vow open mats on Sunday sometimes and I think that's where he trains most of his jiu-jitsu. So I think we've gotten a couple rounds. I don't really remember them like you know it's a hard training session there but uh seems like a tough guy. I watched a lot of his matches prepping for this. So, &gt;&gt; and how do you plan to use your kind of MMA influenced jiu-jitsu on the WNO mats? &gt;&gt; Yeah, so I mean it's a nineminute match. Uh, so in those nine minutes, I can definitely push the pace uh put on the pressure um and be topheavy, but I know he's dangerous on bottom. you know, got to look out for the those dead orchards and the leg locks and stuff, but uh I'm just excited to push the pace and kind of bring that intensity that MMA has over to jiu-jitsu. &gt;&gt; He brought up the dead orchards. I know you're not a 10th planet guy. Nate Orchard was is that just a move that inspired or went well with your body type? How did it become part of your game so quickly? &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, I've been doing that since I was, you know, 12, 13. Uh I'm pretty confident that I have the best dead Orchard in jiu-jitsu. Like I know Nate made it up, but I mean I probably have the most finishes by it. You know, when I won Worlds at Juvenile, all my subs were Dead Orchard, so it's been a part of my game for a while. &gt;&gt; So, how do you plan to represent Fight Factory? I feel like they have some big names coming out of there. Does it add any pressure as well? &gt;&gt; No, no pressure at all. Like, it's just our style. You know, all of us go for the sub, the kill the whole time. It's like kill or be killed. I mean, I've heard Andrew talk about like, well, I'm going to go out there, give everything. Either I'll sub them or they'll they'll sub me. And that's how my style is, too. You know, my my only losses are like me overcommitting on subs, and then they catch me. But, uh, I feel pretty confident for this matchup. I feel like my style is very dangerous for for Michael. He's a a wrestler guy, but I think my submission game is going to be too much to overcome. &gt;&gt; And you are an undefeated MMA fighter. So, coming into this pure jiu-jitsu stage, what do you feel like is your advantage in this matchup? &gt;&gt; Uh, my advantage, I'd say, uh, I don't think I have an advantage, honestly. &gt;&gt; Underdog mentality. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it like although the betting said I was not under the underdog, but I don't really give crap about that. But, uh, yeah, I say I don't really have an advantage going into this. I think, uh, you know, he's he's got the jiu-jitsu game. Uh, and I'm kind of going more into his world, but uh, I'm just looking to make an exciting fight and, you know, put on a show for my debut. &gt;&gt; And this is another Texas versus Texas showdown. So, do you guys feel like you're going to have a big audience there for you? &gt;&gt; Yeah, for sure. Uh, a lot of the vow people are going to be there and, uh, some of the Iron Forge uh, MMA team, too. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I just want to say I agree with him. He doesn't have an advantage. [laughter] Uh, and no, yeah, a ton of fight factory people. My dad has a gym in Bass Shop which is 45 minutes away. So, a lot of insight jiu-jitsu people as well. I think it's going to be a great show out. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we're going to have uh Simpleman Jiu-Jitsu, New Wave, Vow, Fight Factory. Which team do you think is going to be the loudest in the venue at Kalahari Resorts tomorrow night? &gt;&gt; I mean, the Fight Factory boys are rowdy, so be surprised. &gt;&gt; What about the bow? &gt;&gt; We'll see. We'll see. I know. We got numbers. We got numbers. &gt;&gt; Oh, snap. It could become like what it was Dylan Danis at a recent fight. Everyone's just like beefing in the crowd. That's going to be a whole another thing. But Grayson, one more question for you because I saw in an interview you said that just a year ago you were waiting for your career to get to this point and now it is fight week. You're at the press conference, bright lights are here, and you said that a year from now you're not just going to be competing at WNO, you could be facing off against some of the best black belts. So tell me about this journey as a jiu-jitsu athlete. Yeah, I mean it's been a very long one. You know, I've trained since I was a little kid. Uh, you know, I won juvenile worlds, won pearl belt pans, but all no gee, you know. Um, and then I've had some some injuries that kept me out and then life stuff in between, but you know, I was right before I got injured, I was like right on the edge. I actually had an offer to do who's number one like a long time ago that fell through and uh then it just felt like so far out of the the vision whenever I had these injuries. Uh, but this last year, you know, you know, one pans, four matches, four subs, under four minutes at Brown Belt this time. And, uh, I mean, I think just the path I'm on, it's like I'm not there yet where I'm going to be challenging the best of the best black belts. I'm a brown belt still, but I do think within the next year, I'm going to be at that level where I'm wellrounded enough to take on the top seated guys in my division. &gt;&gt; And final question for you, Michael, what is more important to you, to be entertaining or to get the win tomorrow? uh more entertaining honestly. Like uh again I I know going into this match it's dangerous for me. Uh he's got a killer uh jiu-jitsu game, especially, you know, on bottom and I mostly am on top. But uh yeah, I just want to put on a show really. I'm I'm honestly just very grateful to be here. Uh 5 years ago, if you would have told me I would have been on a who's number one card, I would have said, "You're crazy." Like I thought my best grappling days were behind me back in college wrestling. But uh you know, I got inspired and have worked my butt off for past five years and it's it's led to this moment. So I'm just really grateful and I'm definitely going to put on a show for the people. 4-0 amateur fighter right now, going to be going pro in 2026. I have a feeling that this matchup stylistically is going to be an absolute banger. And that is live and free on YouTube for this WNO 31 prelims. Thank you guys so much. We'll see you in action tomorrow. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Thank you. It is your main event of the prelims, also the match that all the single dads are going to be tuning into. It is Katie Bohanek versus Jocelyn Molina. And if you guys haven't been paying attention to social media, there's been quite a lot of banter between these two, especially regarding some age and what is that right there and uncrustable? &gt;&gt; Okay, so I would love to discuss what this is. I personally think this was a disc to my age. &gt;&gt; Am I right? &gt;&gt; It was. And so I wanted to bring some age appropriate gifts for you, Katie, cuz I got I got this. Love it. Love it, too. &gt;&gt; I mean, Christmas. &gt;&gt; Our first thing over here, I know you're pushing 40 maybe. I don't know. Who knows? You might be 27, but we got you this wonderful book. You going to show it off to the show it off to the public? Yeah. 30 and thriving. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; 100 reasons why life begins at 30. &gt;&gt; There you go. And my second one, I love my grandma. I would always find these sweet little candies in her purse. And so, as appreciation towards you, here you go. &gt;&gt; You're not going to believe what I have in my my fanny pack right now. &gt;&gt; You have some granny candies in there. &gt;&gt; I do. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I also have a gift for you, too. &gt;&gt; Oh. See, these ladies come prepared. The gentlemen before, they just had no gifts at all. It's Christmas time. Come on. It's &gt;&gt; sharing the Christmas spirit. &gt;&gt; A little age appropriate gift for you. &gt;&gt; I'm so curious. &gt;&gt; What is it? &gt;&gt; This is something I've been needing for a while. We got some lunch money up in here. You know, &gt;&gt; for the rest of it. &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. What did you do? Honestly, I love this. I have $2 added to my bank now. Two individual $1 bills. &gt;&gt; Buy you an uncrustable. Maybe a maybe a piece of gum if you're lucky. &gt;&gt; Is that all that's in there? &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, just $2 individual bills. &gt;&gt; That's what I think your jiu-jitsu is worth. &gt;&gt; We'll see. We We'll see about that tomorrow. Katie, what do you think Joselyn Molina, referring to you as a middle-aged woman, says about this next generation of grapplers? [sighs] Um, I think the next generation of grapplers, I think they're just hungry, really. I think she was just hangry when she said it and hence why I brought out the uncrustable. I think she could really use a little bit of a snack. But &gt;&gt; you know what? You honestly might be right. But it's that same hanger that's going to get me that win tomorrow. &gt;&gt; You have it. You can eat. You don't have to stay hungry for our match. You know that, right? &gt;&gt; That's what fuels me. &gt;&gt; We're We're the heavyweight category. I don't know why. &gt;&gt; Fuels me. Okay. That's what gets me going. That's what's going to let me go out there and get that dar get that anaconda. Get that choke. &gt;&gt; Not if I'm greasing. [sighs] &gt;&gt; You know what? That's actually a good plan. [laughter] &gt;&gt; It's a good plan. &gt;&gt; Joelyn, you are one of the you are the youngest athlete to ever medal at ABC trials. Does that bring you a different sense of confidence coming in returning to the WNO stage as an undefeated grappler? &gt;&gt; I feel like that definitely boosts my confidence a lot. You know, it gives me a little ego, but I have to remember that anything can happen in a match. Have to be prepared for anything. So, I'm not going to go in there with my head too high and go in there levelheaded and I'm prepared to do whatever it takes. &gt;&gt; And how long have you guys been training jiu-jitsu? I've been training for eight to nine years. &gt;&gt; I've been training six, seven, &gt;&gt; years. &gt;&gt; Katie, aren't you like 45? &gt;&gt; Am I old enough to be your mom? Yes. Do I want to talk about it? No. I'm 27 years old. &gt;&gt; I didn't know that people on the later side of Gen Z weren't allowed to say 67. Like, that's kind of mean to exclude us from this. &gt;&gt; Are you are you a millennial? &gt;&gt; I don't know. Somebody else needs to tell me that. I'm sorry. Gen Z. We're all Gen Z here. &gt;&gt; We all Jenz. But you are. &gt;&gt; But now, Joselyn, we do have Christmas coming up and we know that when you're young, Christmas is so fun. So, what do you want from Santa Claus? And Katie, don't tell her that he's not real. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Katie, don't don't ruin my joy for me. Okay. What I want what I want from Santa. I want to go to Canada. I want to travel. I want to see the world. I want to go out there and I want to live my life, you know? I want to be able to go and see things that I've never seen before and experience all of the angles of life. &gt;&gt; I love that and I love that jiu-jitsu provides that for a lot of these athletes, coaches, however you're involved. When it comes to I know part of your brand is the the single dad stick, but I've also just see you always putting your neck out there when it comes to women getting representation in this sport. So, how important is it for you guys to put on a great show and really uh make it clear that women bring the action in jiu-jitsu? &gt;&gt; Oh, absolutely. It's it's one of the most important things to me and especially showing up and representing for the middle-aged women population out there. You know, some of us have jobs and can travel whenever we want, but some of us aren't so lucky yet. But, uh overall, I mean, I really I really appreciate anybody who steps up to the plate, takes any match anytime, and that's exactly what Jocelyn does. So, um, but one of the things that allows her to do that is, of course, her dad. So, who am I to exclude him from the gift giving? This is for your dad. &gt;&gt; Oh my god. What is it? What is it? Oh my god. &gt;&gt; Word for word. It says, "Tell your dad I said welcome to Texas." Honestly appreciate this. He's Puerto Rican. He's got some Mexican on him. He should be able to take the spice. Got some Terry Black's barbecue sauce. &gt;&gt; What people might not know is that your dad, I think, went up to her at a competition and said, "You're my favorite grappler." &gt;&gt; You know what? There is no footage of that. So, that might be true, that might not. &gt;&gt; It might just be something to get in your head at this point. [laughter] &gt;&gt; I wear a body cam at tournaments for stuff like this, so I'll get you the footage. Don't worry. Have you like found any single dads yet or are you just on the on the hunt or on the search? Have like any of them actually came back for you or &gt;&gt; Don't you worry about that. &gt;&gt; I'm sure we're going to be seeing a lot of them tomorrow at WNO live from Kalahari Resorts. Uh guys, is there any final thoughts about what you guys are about to do tomorrow? &gt;&gt; Go out there, hit that one-handed cartwheel pass for 50 bucks. Who knows? I'm trying to make as much money off this fight as I can. &gt;&gt; Katie, &gt;&gt; uh, for those that don't know, one of my best friends, Ally Wolski, went up to her and said if she one-handed cartwheel passes me, she's going to give her $50. So, she's trying to make that money. I'm trying to stop her from making that money. &gt;&gt; We cannot wait to see it. That is your main event for the prelims. Then, we're going exclusive on Flow Grappling, but I know you guys are going to put on a show for the people. So, we'll see you guys there. &gt;&gt; That's good. Single dads, this one's for you. Kicking off that main card is an absolute light heavyweight banger and it is the debut of Abraham Lamontaine and Phipe Costa returning to action. You were just on the WNO stage recently. So, a lot to unpack here, but Phipe, I got to get your take on his A block. Man, I'm not going to lie. It's a great technique. You know, I'm kind of jealous that he invented, you know, I wanted to go back and try to figure out by myself. But no, it's a great technique. It's kind of like a modified tow hold, you know. Uh I've been doing a lot, too. So, thank you. Thank you, Abe. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Abe, I saw an interview, and this was back in September of 2024. you were tracking how many A blocks you got. At the time it was 58 Ablock submissions and over half of those were against highlevel black belts. &gt;&gt; So today are you still keeping track or has it become too much? How much is it? &gt;&gt; I'm at 64 but I can't count that high like uh so 64 is kind of a high number for me to count to but I believe it's 64. &gt;&gt; I love the playing dumb from the guy with the master's degree was also in the military pursuing his PhD at one point. Very cerebral. So we won't fall for that. should speak uh speak for the American education. They'll let anybody into the army. You got a pulse? [laughter] &gt;&gt; There you go. But 64, I think I have that written on my fridge at home. &gt;&gt; I love it. Well, it's very a very very vicious submission and I saw Victor Hugo's breakdown of the two upcoming matches of his teammates, which is yourself and also Shanji. He broke it down saying that you are going up against someone that is a submission hunter. And for Shani, he's going up against someone that's more of a points guy. You actually have some experience with Farsis. You guys competed on your way to the 2024 NOI World Championship, got the gold there. So, what was your analysis of uh Ferris in that time and what were you able to kind of work with uh with Sanji on the late notice change? I mean to be honest uh whenever I fought Fieries back then I didn't know a lot a lot about his game you know but I remember that whenever I won the same final me and Shanu we sat down together we saw some videos of his matches you know and then we kind of like knew it knew it what I should do and after that he's been growing a lot you know I actually was talking uh with my friends over there that he's I for me he's a different athlete you know he just won Europeans He's been doing great, but Shan's the legend, you know, and we have a really good game plan. I think that how you were saying, Shan is some guy that also chases the submission a lot. And it's going to be great to watch them go at it, you know. &gt;&gt; It's definitely going to be very exciting. And for you, this is your WNO debut. We've seen you kill it on the PGF stage. Now, this is WNO. So, what is it like for you? Your career kind of coming uh to this status. &gt;&gt; Uh, it's sick. I'm really excited to go out there. Um, I feel like I actually shine in these kind of moments a lot better than like just going to like local tournaments. I feel like there's something to like, oh, this could go wrong. This go there's so many more moving pieces, but I like the simplicity of, oh, this is my opponent. I'll work to fight this guy. Um, we'll go out there, have a good 15-minute match. It feels more honest, straightforward. You can't be like, well, I had to fight like these three harder dudes on the way to get there. I can be like, okay, I'm just going to go fight Felipe. Cool. So, I I like that because I feel like you can kind of battle plan for things more. You do all kinds of stuff and it feels like a much more honest uh display of your skills versus their skills. &gt;&gt; Yeah. We're going to get to experience jiu-jitsu in its purest form. You guys are going to have a lot of time to work. No breaks in between. When it comes to the rule set, is this a particular rule set that you enjoy? &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. I think I'm way better at these rule sets. I also like longer format matches. I think six-minute matches sometimes people can just kind of get lucky, get a takedown, and then run away. whereas I think there's time to recover even if they do catch something on you earlier and you get to see a greater range of everybody's skill sets and truly see if you actually can dominate your opponent and this card is the final WNO card of 2025. So what statement are you trying to make make Phipe going into 2026? What kind of performance are you looking to have &gt;&gt; man? in the best possible. You know, I'm sure that we're going to go out there and hopefully I want to get the submission, you know, but I think that it's going to be a great match. He has a he's a guy that chases the submission a lot. I'm a guy that also chase the submission a lot. We have 15 minutes to do so. So, I hope it doesn't go that long, you know. Um, but also, man, I'm really excited to be fighting AB because we've been talking a lot at the HCC opens, you know, we always stop by and talk a little bit. And this week I posted that I was eating some hot pot and he was like, "Oh man, I love a hot pot." Then I'm like, "Hopefully you're not eating right now, you know, because [laughter] you need to make weight." So, &gt;&gt; but yeah, he's a great guy. I'm really excited for this one. And I'm sure that tomorrow it's going to be a bang and we're going to go at it and get the submission, you know. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we were talking before this that it's kind of hard to manufacture beef between you guys, but when it comes to Shani and Ferris, they will completely take the cake with that. So you guys can be nice to to each other. &gt;&gt; It's hard. Look at him. He's all dressed all nice and everything. I look like a soccer mom, but like he's just a polite guy. I've always &gt;&gt; Soccer moms would not be dressed in sweatpants. They they step up their game though. So &gt;&gt; I think he's always ready, you know. We should put like that. He's always ready to train. He's always ready to fight, you know. So let's put it like that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Abe, if you were to get the win in your WO debut, can we expect some celebratory salsa on the WO mats? Is that out of your comfort zone? No, it's it's actually going to be happening before I even get out there. You're going to see me coming out to a salsa song. You know, it's &gt;&gt; amazing. &gt;&gt; Abraham the mountain. You see it. &gt;&gt; And that is going to be starting off our main card exclusively on Flow Grappling. Now is a good time to get that subscription because you could get seven months free. Thank you guys so much for the time. We cannot wait to see what you display tomorrow night. &gt;&gt; Very good. Thank you so much. O guys, thank you so much. &gt;&gt; Thank you. So good to see you guys. Our next bout in the middleweight division, it is Oliver Taza versus Chris Wik. This is kind of the first time we're seeing a new wave Kingsway versus B team simple man uh after all things CJI. So, what do you think this will set in terms of what we can look forward to in ter in 2026? I think it's a start. It's a good start. You know, I think the um the good thing about this rivalry, it's becoming healthier. I feel like it's there's less animosity. There's less bad blood involved. And I think it's it's you know, as the newer generation comes up and and newer athletes join either team. I think it's becoming it's becoming a nice rivalry. You know, it's helping elevate the sport for sure. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's definitely a fun one. And not always deep animosity for you, Chris. What does it mean? I don't think about the rivalry ever. Like, it's not something that I I was kind of It was something that existed before I even moved to Austin. So, it's something that will exist, you know, long after I'm gone. So, I don't even really think about it very much. I'm just excited to compete against Oliver. &gt;&gt; Yes. And a lot of people might not know that this is actually a rematch. When did you guys last compete? A little bit of the background on it. &gt;&gt; It was I think it was July 23, uh about two and a half years ago. Um it was at a small show in Ohio. Um and I I lost two-0. So it was a very it was very close match. It was very exciting. Uh it was a long match just like this one. So u I'm sure both of us are kind of hoping to uh get a finish because there was no finish in the last match. So I'm sure that's kind of what we're both looking for. And this rule set makes it very uh uh it encourages us to do that as opposed to ADCC where you're more playing for points in position. This rules rule set's going to force force both of us to open up a little bit more. So I think that's very good. What is some of the data that you gathered on him from your guys' last match? &gt;&gt; It was a it was a tough match and I remember there was like a little misunderstanding with the time. I remember the the the promoter we had agreed on a certain amount of time. It ended up being shorter and I remember after the match I walked up to Chris and I was like man thank god that match wasn't longer. You know it was also that match for me was also kind of like uh I wouldn't say short notice but the amount of time we got to I got to prepare for it wasn't the amount that I I would have ideally liked. So, you know, it's this time is the case as well, you know. So, I mean, whatever. You just just got to go for the matches sometimes, you know, ready or not. &gt;&gt; And this middleweight division is so stacked. If you were to walk away with a win tomorrow against Oliver Taza, what do you think that does for you in terms of the matchups that you could get in 2026, Chris? &gt;&gt; Uh, I I don't actually know the middleweight rankings. I haven't looked at them, but I'm sure Oliver's at least pretty high on there. I'm sure maybe top 15, top 10. So hopefully a win would put me even higher on the rankings uh and would give me the opportunity to challenge for some bigger matches next year, but you know, it's just one match at a time, one one opportunity at a time and really just focused on tomorrow. &gt;&gt; It sounds like Flow Grappling needs a ranking show. We're going to set that table up for 2026. Oliver, what about you? Because you've been staying so busy. You were just at BJJ Stars. You are just an athlete that uh never has to get ready because you stay ready, always competition ready. So for you, what is it like now you're back in Austin, home base, able to represent Kingsway and put on a show against Chris? &gt;&gt; Yeah, so I'm been, you know, at a lighter weight. Um, lately I've been trying to get matches closer to 75 kilos. Um, because, you know, it makes for interesting matchups, which is why, you know, when, um, I was offered the match in the beginning to fill in short notice, it was it was to face DeAndre. And uh I think I think that would have been a a interesting matchup, you know, if we could have agreed on a on a weight. You know, unfortunately he he wasn't interested in it. But you know, sometimes even better opportunities arise. I think Chris is also a very very accomplished grappler. &gt;&gt; So I'll take higher weight class, lower weight class, always ready to adapt, you know, and a and a and a match against them, of course, you know, I see some fans are are excited about it. Some some fans, you know, aren't too happy. they they wanted to see um the DeAndre and P match. I think these those guys need to be need to be grateful, you know, like be happy there's still a match happening because filling in short notice there's there's a lot of risk involved, you know, and um you know, things can never be perfect. &gt;&gt; You know, some of these athletes sometimes care too much about, you know, the the result, what people might think about them. But, you know, we live a day and age where like there's so much happening. There's so many competitions, so many matches. People can't keep track, you know, and um, you know, I'm more of the mindset where, you know, I want to do it for the fans, you know, and not disappoint them because, uh, you know, that's that's why we do it. &gt;&gt; Very interesting that you brought up it was originally being offered for DeAndre Corb. I'm just gonna [clears throat] get a little off topic because I want to get your guys's take. &gt;&gt; When you have a title fight on the line, haven't competed in over a year, &gt;&gt; would there be any reason to have that belt vacated and potentially have put DeAndre up for a vacant belt? Like, would you guys have thought of that? Like, is it the responsibility of your champion to try to not have to pull out at the last second? What is your take on that? &gt;&gt; Go for it, Chris. I think uh it's difficult in jiu-jitsu because uh I know like PTO hasn't competed in who's number one this year. So that &gt;&gt; just once this year. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But he's he has competed this year. So it's like it's difficult to say like do we vacate the belt? Uh but I think that if I were a promoter and if we were able to give DeAndre an opportunity to compete for like a vacant or UFC does like interm belts or something like this, this might be interesting. And it would also uh like one it gives him the ability to still compete. Also too, the uh you know that I think the fans would like that cuz it sets up kind of a a opportunity for like a big hype match down the road where they can try to unify the belts. This is what we see in MMA. Um but you know, I'm just I'm just happy that like it sucks that that match fell through, but I'm just happy that I get to be here because of it, you know. &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, I definitely think the storylines that come from vacating having a belt vacated is kind of spicy. What about you, Oliver? What do you think? Uh the yeah I feel like there should be some kind of consequence for the champ. You know if you're that close to a match and you're not you know treating it as professionally as possible. I mean I don't want to make any assumptions about what P was doing. Was he traveling? Was he out of town? Was he doing things that could potentially uh make him unhealthy? I think there should be consequences for sure whether you know he defended it or not. It's you know there's a lot of expectations. you know, people um you know, get ready and get get a lot of excitement towards the event. And of course, you know, shout out to to Chris, you know, the the kind of mindset that this guy has is, as I think what more athletes should have, just ready to step up. You know, don't be too protective of, you know, what you've done in the past and, you know, trying to have the perfect circumstances to compete. It's never going to be perfect. You can never be in full control of, you know, what you're going to do. You know, what's going to happen. So, um, I think there should be consequences and I mean, of course, you can't be fully in control, but at the same time, you don't want to be doing things that are going to put you at risk of having to pull out, you know, and and then hurt the organization and and make it make it hard for us cuz even for for us athletes, you know, short notice, we have other things going on, you know, you get you get hit up for a certain opponent, certain weight, it changes. So there's a lot of I feel like this is the harder part of what we do is all the logistics around the match, not the actual match itself, you know. &gt;&gt; Well, we are definitely very lucky that you guys were able to pull through last second. It's going to be a soldout show at Kalahari Resorts. I know that uh I asked about the A block to Phipe. So I'm going to ask you Oliver, what do you think about the WO lock? &gt;&gt; Yeah, Wo is um you know it's definitely he has his own he had it his twist to it. you know, the cross hip uh like let straight Achilles slash across the hip. It's it's a it's a it's a good move. You know, it definitely opened some some things up for me, too. Playing around with it. Um you know, experimenting with it. I you know, when I first saw it, I be like, man, this this I don't think that would work. But, you know, that's the beauty about martial arts. You know, there's always something new that's coming up. There's always something that's going to add a little twist to certain technique. Find a way to make it work. I think it's nice. I think it's it's it's a good move and I'm sure it's going to keep evolving. It's going to keep progressing. You know, people are going to find a twist to it, find a way to make it better. So, yeah, good good stuff, Chris, man, for pushing leg locks forward. For sure. &gt;&gt; And we definitely know that Kingsway always stays on top of the tape study, staying ahead of the game. How confident are you going into this match knowing you have guys like Gordon Ryan, John Danaher there doing the tape study and really helping game plan for these type of matches? &gt;&gt; Yeah, for sure. game planning when you when you do your homework regularly, you know, when you're always studying your opponent. I watch Chris's matches all the time, re-watch them. I watch his run at um ADCC, EBI, you know, everything. So, when when you get these matches, the game planning doesn't take that long, you know. So, when you have like someone like uh John who's there every day, all the time on the mats, you know, I come in, hey, what do you think of this match? Do it if you feel good enough, you know, if if you feel like the weight difference is not going to be that big and do it. So, the game planning is pretty easy, you know, at at that level. we, you know, we got to be complete anyways. You know, you got to be good everywhere and you also got to be careful of certain specialties that the the athlete has, but it's it's good to have um someone like John and Gordon, you know, to to help for sure. But at the end of the day, you know, athletes do most of the work themselves. &gt;&gt; Yes. I know you guys are in the gym every day, but also in your free time, you're doing some writing. Grapplers Diary, and it's a book as well. Can you just talk about how you as a jiu-jitsu athlete have been able to kind of get other streams of income by doing what you love, which is writing as well? &gt;&gt; I mean, the writing thing kind of started because there was no money in jiu-jitsu in the early days. So, like just trying to figure out a way so I could keep the lights on and keep doing this. And that that turned into um like a nice little side hustle and you know, now it's the it's a good way to help people who are kind of early on in their journey. And so, it's a like kind of a nice way to give back. And also too like I think uh language is a good way to like written language is a good way to help uh make the transfer of information easier than uh just making everything through video. So it's kind of just a different way of doing things and it's you know it's something that I love to do. So it's you I'm very very grateful that I can do that as well &gt;&gt; and a lot of people benefit from the content that you put online. Thank you guys so much. This is going to be a banger of a card. Do you guys have any final words? &gt;&gt; Uh about what is your book about? What? Did you write about jiu-jitsu strictly or &gt;&gt; daily stoic kind of thing for uh jiu-jitsu? &gt;&gt; That's jiu-jitsu nerds. Yes, &gt;&gt; jiu-jitsu nerds all. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And now there's even like um visuals that go with it, too. Like you got a designer. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We've got some art and stuff. It's cool. It's, you know, fun little project. &gt;&gt; Do you have any side hobbies that you like to do? &gt;&gt; No, but I like to write, too. You know, when sometimes when you have a lot of things on your mind and, you know, there's too much going on. I I feel like I I write a lot too to clear my mind and organize thoughts and everything. So, I think it's it's it's a good thing. I mean, I wish I um knew about it, you know. Maybe you got to push it a little bit more, man. Get get some build a team, man. Get marketing team behind it now, you know. &gt;&gt; Yes, &gt;&gt; sir. I got to invest in some marketing. &gt;&gt; Yeah, man. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; We'll talk business after we beat each other up tomorrow. &gt;&gt; Yeah, let's do it. &gt;&gt; I love the energy right here right now. You guys are going to kill it. Tomorrow night, W 31 from the Kalahari Resorts. Thank you guys so much for the time. This is about to be a middleweight banger. &gt;&gt; Thank you. Thank you. Our next bout in the women's heavyweight division, it is Paige Ivet Climber taking on Gabby Pana. Gabby, you are the talk of the town right now. I saw in one of your latest videos that you even want to claim yourself as the queen of Nogi as well. Yeah, &gt;&gt; 10 time champion in the ghee, twotime in no ghee. &gt;&gt; Tell me about what your thoughts are in your current status as a jiu-jitsu athlete. &gt;&gt; So, I'm nervous to be here to talk in English, but I'm very excited. I would like to say thank you for grabb to number one. It's a pleasure to be here. I always watch the who's number one before then I make part of this show. I'm so excited for tomorrow. I will give my best to the everyone and uh I'm feeling so happy because I always doing with this about to get the titles. Oh, I'm nervous. But that's it. People call you one of the greatest of all times and I I saw that you had a post that said something along the lines of if you are getting matched up against the greatest of all times people in that talk that must mean that you are and you are definitely for sure undefeated in super fights on the WNO stage. But when you're going up against uh someone who is known for as a serial ankle grabber here, how do you game plan for a a girl like her? Um, really it's just not allowing her to get to my legs. So, if she wants to get to my legs, it's just something that I'm going to have to prepare for. I mean, I've been preparing, but it's just she has to be able to get there first. And, you know, NOI is kind of my background. So, it's something that I've been working on since I started training. And you mentioned at this level it's about who makes the mistake first and how you believe that you aren't going to make the mistake first. Why are you so confident that you aren't going to make the first mistake? &gt;&gt; You know, anything can happen. Every dog has their day, right? And I feel that if I just have belief in myself, I will do well. But I just don't get tired and I'll keep pushing and keep going. And so we'll see. You know, I feel like when people get tired, that's when the mistakes get made. &gt;&gt; Yes, she mentioned it is a kill or be killed type of matchup. What do you think about that comment? &gt;&gt; So, I prefer ghee, but I take out the ghee to try to do no ghee. I did the the broenilla at BJJF and I'm so excited for tomorrow because I will give my best. I don't have only ankle food. I'm trying to train another thing and let's see tomorrow. &gt;&gt; When it comes to Paige's game, what do you feel like your advantage is against her? &gt;&gt; So, this going to be the first match, but I stood studed her a lot. I watched her fight at the European logi, so she's so aggress. And I'm excited for this match. &gt;&gt; It's definitely going to be a good one. you obviously have a lot of film that you can see on her. When it comes to her recent BJJ stars performance, the performance she had against Tynan Tan perforio, what did you take away from that matchup? Um it was just a ghee match which with grips is very different but I know Tayiani she fought um she fought once against Fion Davies and it was a crazy back andforth match and Fion Davies and I we've had crazy matches as well and so it doesn't matter how big you are it doesn't matter how small you are it just matters about like giving your all and seeing whose jiu-jitsu is better. I love the craziness that you bring to a match because the last time I competed was at ADCC Nationals. I got submitted two times in a row. Meanwhile, Paige is out here just taking people down, submitting them like it's no big deal. I remember watching that and and it was just so amazing because you just say sto so so focused but carry such a good energy to it. It's like you can really tell that you're having fun. So, at this point of your career, why is that element also important to you? Like it's not just about the win. It's about being a good example, making sure females get opportunities in the sport as well, but also having a good time, doing what you love, which is compete. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I think women, like I whenever I watch UFC, I always think, "Wow, the women's I always I always want to watch the women fight." And that's kind of what I want for jiu-jitsu. I know sometimes jiu-jitsu can be boring if you're not used to watching it, right? If you're or doing it. And so, I want it to be fun and exciting for someone that doesn't. um watch jiu-jitsu and I feel that if we have great matches and great matchups like this, it will just raise the vibration of the sport, make more and more women want to train. And when I first started training, I always saw the girls competing. And I was like, I want to do that. I can do that. And you just have to have belief. And I want the younger generation too to train because if more women train, more opportunities will come. &gt;&gt; And we have two belts on the line tomorrow. the heavyweights men's belt and the featherweight for the women. &gt;&gt; With a big win, are you guys going to be calling out for a belt for the heavyweights? &gt;&gt; So, I think this is a good match because Paige is so aggress. And I always try to get this submission. Uh this doesn't will be a boring fight, I think. So, because she we she will give you her best and meet you &gt;&gt; and I'm excited for this. &gt;&gt; I love it. Yeah. to call somebody out. I feel like I know Nachielli is probably the next person we would see, but I would love to see like maybe have a rematch with Hafa or maybe see Gabby fight Hafa. I feel like those two women are definitely on the lookout, but even Tayani, too. I would like to fight her. So, all three of those women, we can just run it back or bring on new new competition. Yes, there's definitely so many routes that we can go after this. WNO stands for who's number one. So, at this point in your career, &gt;&gt; how important is it to you to claim that status of being number one in the no grappling scene? It's &gt;&gt; something that I wanted from the day I started and I've always just wanted to use my platform to reach more people and so it's just it is really important to me. I know like everybody who loves jiu-jitsu and it's helped them so much like emotionally and I know that I'm not the only one. So, and I think maybe that's what we can use our platform for is that that it's meant for mental health. It helps you. I love that. And I know I I saw some of your quotes. I want to be the grappler that people look up to. And one thing that motivates you is seeing more women get opportunities. and that what you want to be remembered for after this match is that you slayed a [laughter] giant. You're a walking sound bite. Can you break that? &gt;&gt; I know. I just, you know, you have to have belief in yourself. And when it comes down to it, anything can happen. Any dog can have their day. And I fully believe that if you just push yourself past the limit of what you expect if you keep pushing and keep going, then you will come out victorious. Gabby, you just had a seminar at Paragon Jiu-Jitsu. I know it's really cold here in Texas, but how is everything going for you in the leadup to this super fight? &gt;&gt; So, yeah, yesterday I did this seminar here. It's my first time in out Texas was good. And like I said, I'm so happy to make a part of this who number one is my first time to model. And like I said, I prefer ghee, but I'm trying to take off the ghee and during my history at no. So like I said, thanks so much for grappling everyone who is for me and I'm excited for tomorrow. Thank Py for accept this match. I know that she train a lot. She gave her best and I hope tomorrow you can do a good match. &gt;&gt; And since you have such crazy accolades, 12-time world champion, sometimes you have to kind of build up your confidence and say that you can do it. So, what was your reaction when you heard that she said she wants to be remembered for slaying the giant because you are kind of coming in with the more accolades people might be counting her out. St. She's saying that she doesn't focus on what her opponent's saying. She usually focus on her game and she likes to prove herself out there on the mat. &gt;&gt; And Paige, you are the undefeated superfight NOGI star coming into this. So, you have all the reason to have all the confidence, but what is your message to people who might be looking at you and counting you out? &gt;&gt; Um, every dog has their day. That's really what I want them to know. That's it. Mic drop. Just like that. This woman's heavyweight bout is about to be a banger. Thank you so much, Gabby. Thank you so much, Paige. I know you guys are going to be bringing the action and you can catch it all live and free exclusively on Flow Grappling prelims live and free. This is this is the money match right here. Thank you guys so much for the time. It is the people's main event. Up next it is legend versus self-proclaimed legend slayer Ferris bin Lamadam versus Shanji Habbero. What was the original idea on coming out hot with that caption saying that you're going to be the legend slayer in this scenario? &gt;&gt; Um you know like Shanji is obviously a decorated guy you know but I just feel like he's spent too much time you know on the field. He's like an old bull. So, I think we need to bring him back in the barn and I think his time's kind of done. You know, he's gone past his time. He had a good career while it lasted, but I think he's got to hang up the belt and kind of, you know, let the young guys get involved now. He's taken he's taken opportunities away from people like me, right? Thankfully, he's given me this is a beautiful opportunity for me. This is a great way for me to get out. I feel like people are counting me out. They don't know who I am. So, it's a great way to make a statement and slay a legend in front of all his friends and family here in Texas. Again, I'm coming into enemy territory. Last week, it was in Brazil. This week we're in Texas, you know, taking on the old man, Mr. Shanji. &gt;&gt; Shanji, your response to that. &gt;&gt; Well, like I'm a giving person. I think martial arts about giving. So, I'm give him a chance to to put his, you know, his foot or his mouth at. Uh anyway, a lot of people don't know Ferris, but I do. You know, I've watched him competing uh at World's No, had a great performance, faced Philipe in the final. Didn't came his way, but uh he's been showing his uh you know, his evolution, everything else. But as far as like, you know, I'm 44 years old. I still look better than him anyway. But, uh you know, I have a great team. I train very hard. Uh I live a lifestyle even though I party. I do my thing. But I think it's about balance. I can still hang 15 minutes. Of course, I think going into a competition where I have to do four or five matches is definitely something that maybe not on my side of the the world, but yeah, you know, I think uh would be great. You know, he's uh like I said, he he brought the heat. He's actually being ready for World's No Gi, so don't call him out. You know, he's he's hiding that he's actually training. But yeah, uh it's very brave of him. He's been uh on the scene for a while. He likes to bring the heat and that I think that's important. And yeah, I I don't mind. Like I said, he's been calling me a dinosaur and that's going to sit with the T-Rex and come and eat the babies, you know. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I originally asked you and you said your response is going to be when you choke him. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Still the plan. &gt;&gt; Still the plan, you know, little arms just around the neck. &gt;&gt; I don't think he's going to choke me. I I don't see there's a way that Shanji can do anything to me, honestly. Probably bore me to death in the the Zguard, but other than that, I don't know. Guard. &gt;&gt; Zgard knee shield. We call it We call it Zgard now, brother. &gt;&gt; Zard. Okay. Okay. &gt;&gt; Get Get with the program, brother. We're changing the name. &gt;&gt; Well, in my time, we just killed people. We didn't really got names. I think got too many names. I think that's shit got down the hill. &gt;&gt; A man who has rose tattoos on his arm has never killed anyone. Okay. So, I don't know about that. Okay. So, let's let's keep it jiu-jitsu. &gt;&gt; I don't think you should talk my my roses. &gt;&gt; I have rose tattoos and I haven't killed anyone. But I can't speak for Point made. Point made. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; you know, like, you know, when the when the rose comes around, the only thing you're going to be seeing is those colors. You know, it's how it is. But hey, tattoos are tattoos. Um, like I said, I have a lot of years ahead of you and, uh, I'm great that you're here and then hopefully we bring the heat. You know, like I said, uh, a lot of people hate on the guy, but like I said, I think Ferris is doing a great job by entertaining. He did CJI and everything else. And like I said, he's it's Uncle Shanji. So if Philip choked you and I choke you, what turns me into? &gt;&gt; Sorry, what was your what was your question? &gt;&gt; Philip choked you. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; That he's your daddy. Now, if I choke you and he's my son, who are you then? &gt;&gt; But if I choke you and I'm a clown, what does that make you? &gt;&gt; Uh shit. Just someone that makes poor decisions. &gt;&gt; A bigger clown, &gt;&gt; maybe. I'm still trying to follow the Would that make you the grandson? I don't know. I don't know how the family lineage went there. &gt;&gt; I told you my trash talk. &gt;&gt; Let me He's older than me, but I'm his daddy. Okay, so let's just get that one straight. Mr. Shanji, &gt;&gt; when it comes to being uh Brazil's favorite gringo, I remember you asked like, "Who gave him that nickname?" Is that a self-proclaimed nickname, Ferris? I feel like it's really sticking and people are starting to notice you as the kind of troll of jiu-jitsu almost to a Dylan Danis kind of level, but maybe you can actually pack back it up. I don't know. &gt;&gt; Um, so like the Brazilian people actually renounced me as the king of the gringoes. So, you know, they they see me as their king, you know, like I'm I'm here to represent for the gringoes. And uh it's just uh another Brazilian in the way they have to take down, you know, cuz ultimately, right, the the Brazilian people, they don't want to see the gringoes win. So, someone has to come out and represent for the gringoes and take one for the team. Yeah. They keep saying like even in Brazil, they're saying, "Oh, we should be grateful and all this stuff, but realistically, they should be grateful for us because without us gringo, Shanji, you wouldn't be sitting right here. you wouldn't have a bunch of gyms and, you know, making all this money. So, I think the fact that we're all doing jiu-jitsu helps everyone out, you know. &gt;&gt; Any response to that? &gt;&gt; I don't know where you got that from, but uh I think jiu-jitsu choose me. I didn't have to use my mouth to create my legacy. I actually did everything that I had to do. I had jeans because I'm competent and I'm a great teacher. I've always been a teacher. Uh, as far as green goes, guess what? The best American grappler that ever has, Wado, he's a gringo and I train him when no one else would train in America. So you actually talking to someone that came to America at 21 years old where there's nothing, you know what I mean? There was nothing in this country. There was a lot of, sorry to say, Brazilians that took advantage of people. And I came here to do a job. And I really truly taught jiujitsu, real jiujitsu to people. And I think I have my schools because of my personality, my ability to teach and be a person that brings people together. And uh you're welcome that I and your teacher and your teacher Her you know paved the way so everyone can be here today. The first who's number one uh Victor Hugo Fergali and then we were a part of that. I remember about how many years ago a guy came into my GMSA. We're doing this project with this place called Flow Sports and I was on the first one to do the grappling part. So, hey, it's all good, brother. &gt;&gt; I know I didn't get a a word of what was going on there, but &gt;&gt; you're just zoning out out here. &gt;&gt; Yeah, just waffle, man. But listen, Shanji, can I ask you this question? Be honest with me. &gt;&gt; Of course. I think you're the one of the only men in jiu-jitsu to retire twice, right? &gt;&gt; Retired twice. &gt;&gt; Retired twice. You've retired twice. You retired at World Ski and you retired at ADCC, right? &gt;&gt; If you lose tomorrow night, will there be a third retirement? Cuz I know you're all about breaking records and, you know, to be the first person in jiu-jitsu to retire three times, I feel like that's a great achievement, you know. So, &gt;&gt; um, I don't think a guy like me really retires. I become masters. Like I said, I'm 44 years old. I didn't &gt;&gt; You're allowed to compete monsters. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's it. I'm still compete. So there's no idea of retirement. I still bring heat to the game, you know. Like I said, I'm You call me a dinosaur, but still have game. So if you take me out, maybe I'll think about it, but I don't think that's going to happen. You know, I don't think retirement is a is an idea winning or losing. You know, like some people like to say I retire, you know, on the epic of my career, but hey, we'll see it. Tomorrow's going to be a fun day, brother. &gt;&gt; Um, you know, I feel like, you know, this this gentleman here, he's a I feel like Shanji is a man who lacks purpose, you know, and this is his attempt to stay relevant within jiu-jitsu. It's all he has, you know, competing, doing jiu-jitsu. Like I said, he's had a great career, but you know, I just feel like he needs to just wrap it up, man. It's it's done. You know, it's he's he's done it for too long. He should not he should stop being selfish. He should kind of like he's got a great team behind him. He's got, you know, the boys, Victor, Felipe. He should focus on coaching those guys, you know, be a good role model to them instead of coming out here and finding the young guys and trying to prove something to the people or to himself more so. You know, I feel like this is what these guys do. You know, I've had encounters with these kinds of people and, you know, they kind of substitute their life with these pleasures, right? But we're going to we're going to we're going to put him back in the barn like I said for the dinosaurs, you know. &gt;&gt; Well, last time I put someone in front of you, he choked you. So, I'm not sure what that talks about that. &gt;&gt; Who? &gt;&gt; Philipe. He choked you. He mount and choked you just like that. Just like he was going to do. It was a bad it was a bad day for for Faradinho, you know. Yeah. Well, I you know, jet lag kind of comes into play. &gt;&gt; Still still jet lag now. &gt;&gt; Dr. Shanji helped him out a little bit. So, I don't know. We'll have to see, you know. &gt;&gt; But you're not jetlagged right now. That's what he &gt;&gt; No, we've been in the States already. No excuses. &gt;&gt; Not Not too much party in Brazil because I know Brazil can take a toll on you. &gt;&gt; Say what? &gt;&gt; Too much too much party in Brazil because S. Paulo is pretty rally. &gt;&gt; I don't party, brother. Party partying is bad for the soul. I'm just focused on the goals, man. I'm not I'm not like you, bro. I don't party. &gt;&gt; I just enjoy life. &gt;&gt; And when you were in Brazil, you were there for Owen Jones. I think you're bringing backup tomorrow. Owen Jones will be in the building. Is there any little bit of rowdiness you're expecting when it comes to inside the venue in Kalahari Resorts? Do you think this animosity is going to go off the mats into the crowd at all? There's going to be a lot of Six Blades people there and we've seen what you did at the CJI uh trials, so we know things get a little bit hectic. &gt;&gt; Um, you know, I have to bring guys with me that I I can I know they're going to have my back if things start turning south, you know, so if things start going south, I know I got a good squad behind me. You know, you only need a a couple of soldiers to take down an army, right? So, I brought the right guys with me for sure. &gt;&gt; Shanji, we know we're gonna have a lot of Six Blades people. What do you want to leave as an example for them when you're going up against a guy that talks a lot of trash? You've always said that you are a teacher first before a fighter. So, I know it means a lot to you to be a good example to your students. &gt;&gt; Um, like I said, there's no routiness. My all my students, they're gentlemen, you know, they're martial artist before anything else. And uh, no, I don't I think just my everyday, you know, this this is just a part of what I do because I love to do. I'm a martial artist. But like like I said bringing you know Jordan Alfaris really brings something different on me that evolves you know maybe I'll learn more about myself maybe I'll learn about about teaching about dealing with know this conversations is pretty entertaining for me uh is something to learn and yeah you know tomorrow they going to be you know he's going to bring his game going to be a little boo here boo there but I think in the end uh it's about the show it's about showing the true form of jiujitsu that uh who's number one and flow grab bring to the game, you know, and and and Ferris, you know, his trash talk is great, you know, he's being very actually the IQ is really big on it. I really like the way he talks and yeah, and I think even being close to him right now, there's no animosity. I think it's just his skill versus my skill and we'll see how it's going to go. You know, he thinks I'm a dinosaur and I think my bite is too strong. So, that's what's going to be. &gt;&gt; I'll kiss him on the forehead once I choke him out. &gt;&gt; Do you respect Shani? Um, define respect for me. Like what would you say? &gt;&gt; Do you respect what he has done in the jiu-jitsu community as an athlete and now even taking on super fights? He took you on short notice as well. Do you respect him as a competitor? &gt;&gt; Uh, yeah, of course. Like I respect Shani, you know, as a as an athlete, you know, he's uh he's earned his legend status. He's done well. Uh, but I think people put a bit too much respect on the person and they see this this giant, right? But again, it's just another man that's standing in front of me. I believe in myself. I'm tenacious. I'm strong. You know, I'm athletic and you know, he believes in himself, right? So, I can't respect the man too much, especially when I'm going up against him. I will respect him after the match. You know, we'll have a handshake and everything will be good. But yeah, of course, respecting him. I definitely respect him for taking a match. I think it takes big balls, you know. Uh, a lot of guys wouldn't do that. So, I appreciate you for giving me this opportunity, you know. So, he's the aside, but people think I'm the underdog in this. So, they're about to get rudely awakened. I got people relying on me. People's parlays are relying on me, man. I'm got to make some people some money out here. So, you know, I'm got to take this guy out. &gt;&gt; And this is going to be your W debut. You have a bit of a reputation in the jiu-jitsu community, but what is one thing that people get wrong about you as a competitor? &gt;&gt; Uh, what what do you mean like just uh myself? I got a bad I thought I had a good reputation. &gt;&gt; You have a persona. You're Ferris, the the CJI coach. He's stirring all this drama. Now you're calling yourself the legend slayer, not putting any respect on Shani's name. So, there's definitely a narrative of who you are in this community. And I'm not even going to get in involved with some of the other things that maybe people say. &gt;&gt; Hey, listen. Game game game recognized game and people know I'm good at jiu-jitsu. Like I can talk, but I can also back it up, you know? So, you know, it's not just uh it's not just a persona. Like, I'm I'm talking it, but there's always truth behind what I say and I'm never going to go past that, you know? So, you know, people are quite sensitive often times. Feel like Shani is not too sensitive. He's a good sport. But yeah, I think like you can't take everything so serious, you know? I think it's an American trait. These guys take everything very literal. They they don't know sarcasm, I feel. So the American public might need to learn a bit about that. &gt;&gt; And Shan Gi, if you were to get the win tomorrow night, are you making that call out for Pedro? &gt;&gt; Uh first I have Ferris in front of me. Of course, uh Pedro is the champion of the division. I think there's a lot of people on the line, you know. Of course, when I when I came in to to to who's number one, like I said, I'm not getting any younger. I understand that. And definitely having a belt to then hang the belt like he's saying because I don't have one. But uh yeah, right now I'm only focus on on Ferris. Uh like he said, I think I respect him enough to train hard, you know, but tomorrow, like I said, it's a battle. It's about having enough respect to then disrespect the person because if you respect so much, like he said, uh he can't fight the name. He fight has to fight the person in front of him and I've been in that situation. I fought you know Herger and great guys like this that if you end up like oh my god I respect these guys so much could be a problem but yeah you know tomorrow will be another day. &gt;&gt; Do you do you see like he keeps talking about dinosaurs all the time talking &gt;&gt; why do you keep calling Hajer a dinosaur when he's your coach and also are you representing &gt;&gt; he's not my coach. &gt;&gt; So that was a fake call from Hajer. He's not calling you up telling you that he wants you to beat Shani. This is just a favor for him. You know what I mean? It's just for old times sake, you know. &gt;&gt; They're from British, you know. They all they have the British. I &gt;&gt; I represent Los Banditos. Well, the bandits for taking over, you know. &gt;&gt; Los Banditos versus Six Blaze HQ. We could do this all night, but that is your light heavyweight bout going down WN 31. Thank you so much, Ferris. Thank you so much, Shanji. &gt;&gt; Uh we're gonna end this tomorrow night, so you guys better become ready. Bring bring the bring the souvenir the belt for me. Okay. I'm going to put it up in my house. &gt;&gt; It's right there. And the match most of the world is looking forward to most. It is the title fight between Helena Cravar and Julia Boscher for this woman's featherweight bout. Helena, when you had her named offered, what excited you about this matchup? &gt;&gt; Yeah, so uh Julia, she's very talented. I've uh known about her for a while now. You know, she's been a black belt for a very long time, meddling at, you know, pins and worlds and things like that. So, I was really excited to uh kind of get an opponent to defend my belt for the first time. And it was really fun to get offered. Julia, what do you feel like is your advantage in this matchup? &gt;&gt; Yes. Um, I believe in myself first. So, I sorry guys, I'm trying to speak English today. You [laughter] So, I I put this so I have abilities to take to to fight to my opponent and I you put the pressure and keep her uncomfortable. Yes. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; keeping the pressure. Hey, yes, &gt;&gt; I need the I need to be the one that gets yelled at because I should know some Portuguese right now. I know Helena, you speak a little bit of Portuguese, so the fact that you're even trying is amazing to me. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Um, you are such an inspiration. I know you've been very vocal for women's sports, specifically obviously jiu-jitsu. &gt;&gt; So, why is that a major message for you at this point in your career, really um wanting to represent women and getting them more opportunities in the sport? Yes. So I feel a responsibility so like to inspire and motivation other woman so to chase their goals in life and I want to show how can the theirs can be strong and suif. &gt;&gt; I love it and it's a very inspirational mission that you're on and it's similar to you Helena. saw in one of the articles that Maka Vickers wrote for Flow Grappling, you mentioned, "I want to be remembered as someone who inspired a generation, someone who remained humble but confident." Why is that your mission? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I always want to be like humble. Um, and you know, I never want to like uh talk any trash or anything like that. Uh, I respect everyone who does jiu-jitsu, especially girls. So, um, I want to be confident of course when I'm going into the matches and everything. But I just want to be like a humble person uh so that you know people of all ages can look up to me. &gt;&gt; And what kind of confidence do you get knowing that you have John Danaher, Gordon Ryan helping game plan for the these type of matchups when the title is on the line? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it definitely gives me a really uh big amount of confidence. Um I've been training almost three years uh at Kingsway. So uh actually in December it is three years. So, um, yeah, just like being able to have them as my coaches and kind of give me guidance and, uh, in all aspects of my game, it's really like humbling and I'm really grateful to, uh, to have them as my professors. &gt;&gt; And Julia, your opponent, Helena Cravar, do you feel like she is the best female grappler on the planet today? &gt;&gt; Yes, of course. Yes. So I'm feel very excited and happy for this opportunity to to fight with you Valena and and Yeah. Yeah. I feel is the number one of the world of course. Yes. [laughter] &gt;&gt; And so you are planning to impose your game with a lot of pressure. Is there anything else that you want the audience to know about your style or the energy that you bring to the Mets? Yeah, I think it's my my abilities and my aggressive game. So, I'm put all time this this game on you, Elena. So, take care. [laughter] So, have a fun. Yeah, it's a pleasure. &gt;&gt; What do you like about that when you have a come forward aggressive opponent? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I definitely love uh when my opponents uh want to fight with me. Like whatever position I'm in, I always want to go for the attack. So, I definitely love when my opponent wants that, too. And it definitely puts on even a better match, you know, and I'm really happy to hear that. [laughter] &gt;&gt; And Elena, I just got to ask you how you've been because the last time I've seen you was at CJI when you won the biggest payout in women's grappling history. How has life been since then? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's been amazing. I continued to go back to training right away uh to improve myself and uh I've been competing. Uh in November, I did uh three competitions in a row. So this is my kind of almost 4-1 in a month. Uh and yeah, I just want to keep competing. Um that that was definitely a great experience. CJI, one of my favorite events. So yeah, uh it's been great and really excited for everything more to come. &gt;&gt; I love it. And this is the last WNO card of the year. Going off with a bang. How proud are you of yourself for being on this card on this big stage? Okay. &gt;&gt; So in Portuguese now I can &gt;&gt; so number one I'm very grateful and happy for this opportunity. So I I have a a long years honors. Okay. So so I've had a big story in jiu-jitsu training many years and I'm trying to motivate people that you know anything is impossible to accomplish. &gt;&gt; Yes. So, I'm really, really happy to be finding out who's number one, not just for the women, but for jiu-jitsu and showing everyone that they can accomplish their dreams. &gt;&gt; Yes, thank you. &gt;&gt; It is definitely going to be a big day tomorrow, the title on the line. Is this just another match to you? Because you've had many belts and different promotions. So, does this feel any different or have you gotten so used to the fact that you were the person with the target on your back and you're going to have to defend the belt? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's not really different to me. Like, I go into every match uh confident and like coming for the win. Uh but, you know, being able to defend the belt, uh I've always wanted to compete on who's number one since I was uh very young. And uh of course I always wanted the belt and now that I have it uh I'm really excited to defend it and you know hold the title at who's number one. So it's definitely uh you know the same as any other competition but also like super excited to defend the belt. And has jiu-jitsu the experience of jiu-jitsu has it changed at all going from the person that is on the climb to now being the person with a target on their back? &gt;&gt; Yeah. I don't really think about it as like having a target on my back. I just like go into every match uh you know looking for the win. And um ever since like I've started competing since I was 9 years old, it's always been the same goal is to just win. So pretty much that [laughter] keep it simple, just going for the win. Tomorrow night WNO3. Thank you ladies so much. I know it's going to be a great show. And it is your main event of the evening. That vacant heavyweight title will go home with one of these gentlemen, Felipe Penna versus Luke Griffith. This is going to be the third time now that you guys are meeting, but the first time that you guys know coming in that you're going to be facing each other. So Luke, what kind of confidence are you coming into this match knowing that you've had John Danaher, Gordon Ryan, able to kind of game plan for Phipe specifically? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean it definitely makes a difference um coming in just fighting one match. You know, obviously he's up to you and know two submissions. So that's obviously definitely something that um I'm thinking about and don't want hap don't want to happen again. Um, but on the other hand, I also have those two matches to go back and look at and, you know, look at the things I did well, look at the things I didn't do well, um, and kind of adjust my game because this is really the one that counts. You know, obviously it would have been nice to win those other ones, but this is for the belt. And if I win this one, you know, then that's the most important one to win. &gt;&gt; And Felipe, one of the most uh iconic press conferences in flow grappling WNO history was when it was Gordon Ryan on the other side and you guys were just going back and forth. So, is it easier to banter more with Gordon Ryan versus Luke? Because I feel like Luke is a really like nice guy. It's kind of hard to to make him angry. &gt;&gt; Um, yeah. I think uh when I when I fought Gordon, he was number one was very a lot of personal things, right? Was a lot of hit up for for both sides. So, the goal is not making anyone angry. is uh definitely not my goal. Uh so something natural, you know. So I don't have anything against Luke and don't have anything against Gordon now nowadays. So uh yeah, definitely it's more like uh more chill, right? Less less nervous. But uh I think we you already create a a history, right? Two fights. So I want the two fights by submission. So definitely look Luke is is he's is come hungry right for the this third match and then prepare for that. So that definitely creates a little bit of uh Neville fight someone that uh I just fought and for for the third time &gt;&gt; and the quintet format is very interesting. The last time you guys last battled it was at CJI 2. I know you kind of experienced it when you got the submission but then you had Dorian up next. There's just a completely different energy once you already had a match. So, do you feel like you would have gotten the sub against Luke at CJI2 had he be fresh? &gt;&gt; It's hard to know, you know. I think he can say better if he was too tired or not. But uh always want to go to the fight and uh as I went for for DCC and as I went for CGI my goal is always get the submission and uh I believe I could get the submission in both match and uh I believe I can get the submission tomorrow as well. So but how he feels and how he was I think he can answer better. Yeah, I mean, um, obviously I think it's pointless to make excuses about whether the match before made me too tired or not. We all knew going into that experience that we were going to have to have potentially multiple matches. Uh, so would the outcome have been different? Potentially, potentially not. Um, but I think to use that as an excuse knowing that we were going to have to do that is is pointless. So, yeah. &gt;&gt; And now you guys are going to be the super fight main event. This is the last card for WNO this year. How special is it for you? You're coming off of a great win against Victor Ugo and now this is for the belt. &gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. I mean, I feel great. Um, you know, like you said, the the Hugo match was probably one of the better performances of my career so far. Um, and you know, besides Gordon, Felipe is probably one of the best of our generation. So, for me to be able to get a win against him for the belt uh on a on a card like this would would mean a lot, you know. Uh, so I'm very excited to go out there and put on a show and hopefully get that win back. &gt;&gt; The belt is on the line. The last time you guys faced off, it was 6 minutes and 39 seconds when you found that submission. Had one of the most electric moments of that weekend. What was that moment like for you? &gt;&gt; Uh was great. I think uh uh was was really electric, right? And my goal we were h back on the point, so the only option for my team be on the game was get the submission. So, was a really uh good feeling. &gt;&gt; What about ADCC? &gt;&gt; Uh, &gt;&gt; can you compare the two? &gt;&gt; I think ADCC was more special for me because was the final, right? And uh the the the last time I won ADCC was 2017. So, it's been a a gap between this second title. And I I think as as athletes we go through a lot of things and everyone has like different history and different things to go through and on that time when the CC was going for a lot of things for the last couple months. So this was a really special comeback for me. &gt;&gt; And do you feel like since you are the guy that's up too, is there any extra pressure on you? because they say in sports generally it's hard to beat a good team three times. So do you feel like now he has a little bit more experience with you that this could be a much tougher chess match match than the past two experiences? uh the next match I always expect uh harder the next match you know I think uh you you definitely when you go for a fight you cannot expect easy match so I always try put my head on uh expecting hard matches you know so I expect a harder match as well for this one and I don't feel much pressure because I think uh I have been a a long time on this game you know and I have been experienced this feeling many many times different ways, different events and different timing. But uh I see now my jiu-jitsu journey as a a marathon, you know. So doesn't matter the result tomorrow. If I win, if I lose, I think I going to be able to fight Luke uh a ton of times more, you know. Luke is young. I uh way younger than me, but I pretend being on this game for for a while still. So I think uh I I like to see that way, you know. Uh hopefully I get the submission tomorrow as well. And I I'm pretty sure it not be our last time. &gt;&gt; And I saw that you were uh doing a little bit of Terry Blacks there with Trey. Is there going to be a celebratory meal if you were to get the win tomorrow? &gt;&gt; Um you know, Terry Blacks is the place that I like to hit up every time after I uh after I have a match, whether I win or lose. It's just good comfort food, you know. Uh and Jason always hooks me up when we go out there. So yeah, it's always a good time. Uh but yeah, I mean obviously that's the last thing on my mind right now. Um yeah, we're just looking forward to to the match, but yeah, obviously it's there's going to be a lot of celebration if if we get the win tomorrow. &gt;&gt; What are you expecting in terms of energy for the main event of the last card of WNO this year? &gt;&gt; I mean, I think it's going to be huge. I mean, uh I mean, I think a lot of people are excited for this match. Maybe a lot of people not so excited. You know, obviously like we've been speaking about, Felipe has won twice, so a lot of people are looking at this match as kind of pointless. Um, but I think that also makes it a little bit easier for me. I going in I really have nothing to lose and everything to gain. Um, so you know, uh, and I'm not really one to get influenced by other people's energy and and something like that. So whatever people want to say or however the crowd is to me is not going to make much difference. My focus is going to be on the math. &gt;&gt; But it's even cool that storyline as we mentioned the history with your coach Gordon Ryan Felipe and then now what you're kind of coming back from. So can you kind of give that story to the audience? Absolutely. I mean, so Gordon was down two two-0 to Felipe as well. Um, I got finished twice. Gordon only got finished once. So Gordon still has that over me. Um, but uh, you know, after the third time, you know, Gordon got it back. He's, you know, two and two. So, you know, there's, uh, maybe the story line will continue the same way uh, with me as Gordon student against Felipe. &gt;&gt; And just going back to the iconic press conference that you guys had, Gordon is obviously a master on the microphone. I know he probably helps you so much when it comes to the technicalities of jiu-jitsu, but does he give you any advice in terms of the microphone as well? &gt;&gt; Um, not really. I think uh, you know, in the sport you kind of want to be I think it's hard when you start to try to copy people. I mean, Gordon was naturally, you know, very good in that way. My personality is very different to his in in that regard. Um, you know, I don't have, you know, obviously when I go out onto the mat, it's an enemy in terms of, yes, I want to compete and win against you, but I don't hold any personal grudges against anybody. You know, I feel like that just takes away from your life outside of jiujitsu. If you constantly thinking about how much you hate other people for no reason, uh it just is a waste of energy. Uh so I have nothing against anybody else. Uh I just want to go out there and prove that my jiu-jitsu is the best. &gt;&gt; I got to ask this question because I was very curious. I was not so in the jiu-jitsu scene when you were apparently putting uh Gordon Ryan's face on a big chubby baby. But if Gordon Ryan was your chubby baby that you needed to put in his place, what does that make Luke? &gt;&gt; Uh, choose wisely. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Say that after the result tomorrow. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Well, we'll see if there's any memes flying around from Felipe. We'll see him get creative. Luke, thank you so much for the time. This is going to be a great main event and you can catch it all exclusively on Flow Grappling. This is a long-awaited bout originally scheduled for June 28th, but now we're finally getting it. [music] So, thank you guys so much for the time. I know you guys are going to put on a show and we'll see you tomorrow live on Flow Grappling for WNO 31.