Kind: captions Language: en Heat. Hey, heat. Hey, heat. What's up, guys? Ricardo Amado here. We're at the Kalahari Resort in beautiful Round Rock, Texas for WNO27. We have the biggest main event in WNO history going down tomorrow night. We got Nikki Rod, the CJI winner, the million-dollar grappler, Nikki Rodriguez versus Kynan Dwarte, the double gold ADCC champ. This is the match that everyone's been trying to make. Everyone wants to see, but it's only going down here as the best matches do at WNO. Not only that, we have a stacked card from top to bottom. We got Shanji Rivera coming under retirement. We got Andrew Tacket back in the mix. Helena Cravar going for the title against Liz Clay. So many just amazing matches going down tomorrow on WNO. Now, we just got finished with the weigh-ins. We're going to pass things over to Jake Watson for the official WNO press conference. Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Who's Number Number One 27 press conference. My name is Jake Watson. I'm joined by the two athletes who are going to open up the undercard Trinity Pun and Taylor Hyshaw. Trinity, I'm going to open the question to you first. This is a rematch against you've been victorious in the last encounter. does that how much confidence does that give you leading into this match? Yeah, so we had a match in like uh 2022 in the 80C Open, the first one. Um it's been quite a bit since then. So I feel like we both grew as athletes, so this is going to be completely different from then. The rule sets are all different. This is one of my favorite rule sets. Submission only. I'm very suboriented, so I'm always looking for the kill. Um back in 22, uh I did get the kill with an arm bar. It was I think pretty quick with like under a minute. So, I'm really excited for this rematch cuz I think she's grown as a grappler as well and so have I. So, Taylor, what is it that sets you apart from other competitors in this division? Oh, you got to be excited about the rematch. Uh, yeah. You know, am I laugh? Speak into it. I train real hard. I train a lot. Uh, what sets me apart, man? I train with a lot of top tier guys all the time. So, I would say that. Not else much to say. Trinity, you've been training most of your life. How does it feel to be finally making your debut on Who's Number One? Yeah, so I've been training for 11 years and uh half of it with the best in the team in the world. I started with John back in New York and now in Texas, so I feel like training with them gives me an edge. Um I'm glad for the opportunity to be able to showcase my jiu-jitsu. I've been doing locals here and there, the opens, whatever tournament comes my way, I'm never backing down of a challenge. So yeah, I'm super stoked for this opportunity to be on the big stage and give a good performance tomorrow night. Taylor, you mentioned the room that you train with B team, one of the best teams in the entire world. What should fans expect when they tune in to watch you Friday night? Uh, a lot of aggressive passing. You know, if I'm sure she's going to pull guard, a lot of people do that uh with me. So, a lot of aggressive passing, a lot of knee cuts, a lot of everything um and above. What's the kind of advice that your team has given you, Trinity, leading into this debut performance and this specific matchup versus Taylor? Yeah, so a good advice is I'm always pushing the pace, so never letting them make the first move. I'm always constantly um creating a reaction. I know she's a excellent wrestler, passer, and I don't think I really have like positions I'm uncomfortable with. I'm pretty comfortable with being uncomfortable. So like even if I was for uh example and bottom mount, I'm still comfortable there. We train every day. I'm used to it. So, yeah, basically any position I'm given, I could deal with. And last question for you as well. Does the idea of getting this win back add any extra pressure or motivation coming into this match? Definitely extra motivation. You always got to get your get back. It don't matter who it's for. It don't matter when, what time. She knew it was coming. She knew that get back was coming, but here we are. Got anything to say to that? We'll see you tomorrow night for that rematch. But I'm up and Oh, we will. And I'm I know. I smell the win. So, well, ladies and gentlemen, real funky up in here. I've been dreaming every night. I've been envisioning it. I I see how the match is going to turn out to be. So, I don't know about that jigsaw. I don't know about that. I don't know. Well, ladies, gentlemen, opening up the undercard. This is Trinity Pun versus Taylor Heshaw live on Flow Grappling. Don't miss it tomorrow night. Go ahead and write it by my name, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, welcome back to the Who's Number One 27 press conference. I am now here with Ben Eddie and Josh Wyland. Josh, you have an extensive wrestling background. What lessons from wrestling have you brought into the world of grappling? Um, it's really just uh kind of like that that tough mindset and being able to grind in practice and going through hard camps we have at B team, stuff like that. Um, all that stuff's not new to me. So, being able to carry that over into jitsu is has helped me a lot. Ben, not a lot of athletes have like a signature submission that they hit often enough for it to be, you know, a part of their moniker, a part of sort of their brand. What's it like bringing something like the Hindulo team which you hit at the Aiga trials there's a huge viral moment. What's it like bringing that sort of a aura with that submission into every match? Um it g it gives you a threat. It gives you a threat that they know that's that's coming, but at the same time they also know it's coming. So you got to come with a bunch of other tricks that they might not see coming. Um but yeah, it gives you that threat. It gives you some gives gives you something that they're going to be worried about. Ben also brings this sort of unpredictability into his matches. So, what's your mindset heading into a submission only match versus someone as unpredictable as Ben Eddie? Yeah, I mean, I think it's his style is pretty predictable only because uh he's been competing for so long. He's got ton of footage out there all his matches. Um and typically when you put a pace on someone and someone's you drag them out to deep water, they're going to resort back to that style that they're they're used to playing. So, um, I'm I'm kind of anticipating how Ben's going to play, but if he decides to mix it up, training in a room like B team, I don't think there's anything I haven't seen before, so I'm not too worried. So, Josh also has a little bit of a reputation for being a wild man. So, a dog. A dog. He's got that dog in him as per his own admission. What do you plan on doing to slow him down? Because I imagine it's got to be a little bit of the game plan to go into this match, right? Uh, no. I mean, I don't I don't need to slow him down. I mean, that's that's great. I hope it gets uh I hope it gets a little crazy. That's uh that's where where I perform good. So, um yeah. Know, I'm looking to mix it up. I'm looking to wrestle. I'm looking to stand on my feet and uh play around and and and let it get fun. Uh yeah. Yeah. I hope I hope it's a dog fight. So, what kind of advice have the guys at B Team gave you? I remember when I asked Taylor Haw, she mentioned, you know, the room is full of so many amazing competitors. What's the advice they've given you going into this match? um to win. I mean, you ask someone like Nikki Rod for advice, he's like, "Go out there and win." So, I'm like, "All right, that's I guess that's good advice." But, uh, no, honestly, it's just been go out there and and and let let loose. You know, don't be afraid to go out there and put on a performance and, uh, you know, just be be myself. People who train with me know how good I am and they know what I'm capable of. So, it's really the advice just been go out there and do you. So, and Ben, you're a representative of 10th Planet alongside Boogie Man Martinez, who will be on the card later as well. What is it about the 10th Planet style that makes for dealing with a wrestler? Um, I mean, we have a counter style to that. Um, but no, I'm coming in with some wrestling. I've been working on my wrestling really hard and uh I want to wrestle. So, um, yeah. Yeah, I'm looking for it to be fun on the feet. We're going to get after it. And um you know, I think I think we we both teach here in Round Rock. We both run run gyms here in Round Rock. So, little little local Round Rock dog fight. It's going to be fun. It's gonna be good. Well, ladies and gentlemen, this is the next match on the card between Ben Eddie and Josh Wan. Don't miss it. Goes down tomorrow. Ladies and gentlemen, welcome back to the Who's Number One 27 press conference. I'm Jake Watson joined by Alan Mcenzo and Colin Carl. Open up the floor to you. Allan, what does it mean for you to be on Who's Number One? So, uh, you know, I just want to thank Ricardo and everyone for the opportunity. Um, I mean, just a couple years ago, I was, uh, you know, working out out of a stinky basement in in Chile, uh, with my blue belt and, um, you know, never dreamed I would be on a card with with some of the the legends of the sport. Um, so yeah, I mean, it means everything. And obviously, uh, above all that, it I'm just looking forward to it because it's going to be so much fun. So, real quick, I'm going to ask you a question in a second. Stinky basement. Explain. Basements tend to get stinky. You know, a lot of stinky South Americans, you know, a lot of us don't really shower. When we do shower, it tends to be together. A lot of guys aren't so into showering together, so they don't shower at all. But, uh, you know, I wasn't one of those. So, I wasn't one. I was one of the least stinky guys, but a lot of experience, you know, showering in groups. But, uh, yeah, it would get pretty stinky down there. A lot of, uh, a lot of bad smells. But, fortunately, no, um, no staff, no ringorm. That seems to be an American thing. So, uh, yeah. I mean, does that satisfy your No question. Uh, but that's okay. Just we're just going to leave it ambiguous. Colin, just going to move past that. You had a short notice change of opponent. What were you thinking when you had to make that switch? Still lost on that last question. Um, no, it's the same thing, man. I prepared for a guard player, a new wave. I got a new wave uh guard player. Um, me and Allen are homies, we've trained a couple times at uh some open mats, and you know, I know exactly what I need to I'm going to go out there and execute and I have a crazy ass pace and I'm just going to put a pressure on him. So, nothing really changes. But also on that note, just like shout out to Seb, you know, we can agree that he's a really good competitor and um hope he gets a nice speedy recovery. So, I'm sorry, I'm still still focused on the last thing I said to you, too. So, this is this is a short notice uh appearance for you as well. How are you feeling in preparation for this match? Yeah, I mean my last three matches I've I've jumped in for for someone injured and I've yet to lose under those circumstances. So I was one of those guys. Yeah, that that's true. You were the first one. So this is uh I guess I guess we're closing a cycle. Um so yeah, I'm feeling pretty good about it, honestly. No time to psych myself out. Uh you know, I'm pretty excited. Short notice is my favorite, so I'm ready. You mentioned you put on kind of a crazy pace. What on top of that should fans expect to see when they tune in to see you compete? Oh man, I think I'm one of like the hidden gems in Austin. Like anybody rolls with me at B team or 10 Planet, they know I got some uh you know, crazy pace, a crazy style, and I like to just get after it. Um you know, a lot of u front headlock attacks, uh you know, choke attacks, and just kind of ending up in like weird positions where my game kind of opens up a little bit. So kind of forcing guys into bad positions and just letting it rip. So, I guess I'll ask both of you sort of the same question. I'll open up the floor. What would a win here tonight mean for you in your grappling career? A win's a win. I mean, uh, it would mean a lot being on on this is by far, I guess, the biggest stage I've ever been on, so it'll be the biggest win of my career. Hopefully, I can leverage it into an an even bigger win in the future. But, yeah, we'll see. I mean, I'm I'm a very processoriented guy. Um, I don't worry too much about about the outcome or or where it's going to take me. I just try and make the most of the moment um and have the most fun possible and and and uh yeah, just want to make my friends and family happy and um it actually does mean a lot for me to be here. I'm the first Chilean ever to be on uh on on who's number one, so I know I'll have a lot of hometown, you know, fans, friends, family supporting. Um and that that means a lot to me. You know, I'm going to get emotional here, so I'll uh I'll I'll pass it back. It's a long way from the stinky basement comment. So Colin, same question to you. Yeah, man. I'm just like super stoked to be here. Um, again, like not many people know who I am or like my my background, my pedigree or anything like that. And I'm just really excited and honored to be on the card and just go have a good time. And um, just be be seen, you know, be seen in front of a crowd, in front of the world. And um, yeah, win or lose, just uh, give it a good show. Just give it to them all. Well, ladies and gentlemen, this is going to be Alan Mcenzo versus Colin Carr on who's number 127 tomorrow night. Welcome back to the Who's Number One 27 press conference. I'm Jake Watson joined by Chris Wchic and Michael Esl. I'm going to open up the floor to Mr. BJJ Twitter himself. You've had a pretty wild few months since ADCC. How does it feel now making your Who's Number One debut? Uh, it feels it feels like it's a long time coming. I think I've been kind of like on the cusp of being on who's number one for a very long time. And you know, it's been hard kind of getting uh matches. So, you big shout out to Michael for saying yes. This was a match that a lot of people said no to. So, I'm just like super excited to throw down tomorrow. Michael, what was your thoughts? Talk me through it. Uh when you got the call, not just to be on who's number one, but to face someone like Chris Wick. So, uh when I got the I got a Instagram message actually, um I got offered Chris, you know, I knew it was going to be a tough match, but I was just excited. said, you know, he's a great opponent and, uh, just really excited to showcase my jiu-jitsu against someone with his caliber, you know. So, Chris, uh, what do you know about your opponent? What's the mindset heading into this match specifically? Uh, yeah, I mean, uh, Michael's tough. I I studied him, uh, quite a bit, especially after the match got booked, uh, and in his, uh, he had a recent match at main character where he tried to hit a wogelock. So, definitely he's been studying me as well. So, uh, you know, I know that he's wellrounded. He's got a good guard, he's got, you know, he's good on top. So, it's going to be a a kind of a whoever gets to their spots is going to have the most success. So, I have to ask since you've been doing the woge lock, it's very viral that he does the woge lock. Do you have a plan to enter into that? Is there do you want to try to hit the woge lock master with the woge lock? What talk me through uh maybe a game plan for the match? uh probably won't try to get him at his own move, you know, but uh I definitely do have some tricks to to stop him from getting there, you know, stopping all that game. So, I think that's exactly what he wants me to think. Yeah. So, are you going to go for it? Is I feel like we're going to see a leg lock in some way, shape, or form. I mean, it's one of those things that it's hard to do when it's the one thing they don't want to have happen, but you know, I feel like honestly right now I feel like I'm uh more well-rounded than I've ever been. So, I think that wherever the match goes, I feel really confident. Now, question for both of you. How would you compare who's number one to the other organizations you've competed for? You mentioned main character. I know you've competed at ACC. You guys are both very active. This experience, how would you compare it to the other experiences you guys have had? So, uh definitely I've never competed on a card with athletes like this one, so it's definitely something different for me. Um yeah, I'm super excited for this one for sure. Yeah, the the caliber of athletes in this room even though there's not very many is uh you know kind of the the big kind of thing that makes who's number one different from a lot of the other events like you've got you know some really good grapplers you know from B team all over Austin you've got the second best British grappler Owen Jones uh and many others I'm the first best are you British I am British I am British I'm learning something just kidding Owen's gonna come after me in the training room now I wouldn't be surprised He's loose cannon that guy. But all right. Well, ladies and gentlemen, this is going to be another great match up between Chris Wick and Michael Eseli. Tune in tomorrow night. Welcome back to the press conference for who's number 127. I'm joined alongside Owen Jones and Julian Espinosa. Question for you, Owen. You were the 2024 flow grappling breakthrough grappler of the year. Do you think you have more of a target on your back leading into this match than you did before last year? I mean, yeah, for sure. I think the last year was a very good year, but I think this year I'm looking for more bigger wins, better wins, you know. I don't think Julian's ever had any good wins, you know, so I think this is a a chance for him to actually get a good win. I think he's only ever fought scrubs, you know, not many not many accolades. So, I definitely think I'm definitely calor above. Obviously, I'm way higher on the rankings and everything. So, I think I'm definitely the top dog in this match and then looking forward to taking out people above me on the rankings for sure. So, the oddsmakers have you as an underdog leading into this match. What do you think hearing that? Um, well, I would say I've had some good matches and he's definitely one that I always wanted to get. He got hurt for Polaris. He got knee staff. It was pretty bad. Um, but now that I finally have the the chance to get him, well, I know it's something that will probably push me to the to the top, so I'm looking forward to it. Ow, you're always looking for the next big match as well. Julian was just in the black belt world finals. What would a win over him mean to you? I mean, nothing really. I don't think he's I think this is expected. I think I'm expected to smash him. I think I will smash him. I think this is just a stepping stone for my next matches. I'm looking at people, you know, the true third place match for ADCC. This is the match I'm looking for. I'm looking for rematches against people like P Fabricio. I'm just here to show that I'm wellrounded. I'm going to show some D1 British wrestling. I'm going to show all my skill sets. And then yeah, I'm basically just going to put a masterclass on him. That's that's what he's here for. Just lamb lamb to the floor. So, I'm going to give you a chance to respond. Where are you Owen Jones? I want you to defend yourself now. You know, where are you this very brash man here? Uh, I think I'm better in every aspect. um more well-rounded and he says that he I think I saw something like in the B team channel uh that he is unrestable but I don't think he can wrestle me at all. So we'll see. We'll see wrestling the only thing you're better than me at is the pyouette. You know you spin yourself into outside heworks against Owen Flanigan. You know little backst step into a heel hook. This is this this you're better than me at for sure. But everything else wrestling passing guard I'm definitely superior. I've shown that he couldn't survive the goal. I did. I've shown on many times that. Did you get the ADCC? No, but he he won he won. He won the trials from Europe. So that's I'm trying to get my passport from Europe to win those trials. Those are Did you win noi worlds? GF Noi world purple. You couldn't even win the the easiest Nogi majors. Average GF. The hard guys don't even do the average GF. The real real he's going to be in my division. I'll have to kill him twice. You're you're easy pickings, bro. You're easy pickings. Let's see tomorrow. There's only one way to find out. We'll see. We'll see. For sure. Sure. Julian Owen has a history. It's funny. This is the question that was written down of being loud and brash and playing to the fans in the middle of the match. How do you deal with somebody who talks in the middle of the match like that? Because you know Owen's going to be talking. He's going to be in your ear. How do you deal with something like that? No, I like it. It just helps me, you know. I know how he is. is a good lad. Uh, so you know, we both are coming for the for the win, so that's just going to be better. Owen, what you might have answered this before, but I just want to I want to let give you the chance to uh answer it. What should fans expect when they tune in to any Owen Jones match? I mean, I'm always going to be entertaining. I'm always looking at talking shit, creating drama. This is always important for me, you know, and I think this match in particular, I do respect Julian in the fact that he will come, he's not going to stall, he's going to scrap, but I believe this is going to play into my favor, but I do believe he will come for a war. So, I think this is going to be a good match. And, uh, you can always expect me to be myself, you know, talk. I'm not scared to say stuff on camera, you know, you put yourself on the line, talk shit, you know, Julian, we'll see what happens tomorrow, but he's going to feel that D1 wrestling, trust me. Well, I'm excited for this one, ladies and gentlemen. Owen Jones versus Julian Espinosa. Yes, sir. [Music] Ladies and gentlemen, we are back at the press conference for who's number 127. I have with me Shanji Hibu and Richie Boogeyman Martinez. Question for you Shanji. You've competed in nearly every organization in the grappling world. You have been uh you were in the pre-show with us a lot for who's number one. How does it feel to finally make your Who's Number One debut? Uh feels great, you know, to test my skills in a different different setup. You know, I don't think I have ever really been a 15-minute match. My last match, no Gina event like this was probably like four years ago. Uh my longest match was 50 minutes in my house. So it would be interesting to to go in a setup where points are not relevant and just to finish. Boogie, what were you thinking when you got the call that who's number one wanted you to face a legend like Sanji? It's one of those things that I just never thought I was going to get that kind of match, especially I know that he was um retired and um so when they asked me I I was super hyped up and you know I couldn't I couldn't turn it down. It was a match that I must take and um you know I trained really hard for it and um very excited for it. You're competing here in front of quite a few of your students. Do you feel like that adds any pressure uh to compete in a certain way? Uh just to make a tick, I never retired. I retired from Worlds and ADCC. uh we don't retire, we become masters and we do great super fights, you know. Uh it does add more of an excitement and uh actually a feeling of gratitude that uh I moved to Austin in 2002 right before everyone else moved. Um so for me just seeing the the scene growing and how many schools and how many talents are in the town um it's amazing and I'm not too concerned because of my training camp. I did a little uh intensive training with John Wig and he turned me the new Babayaga. So, I'm ready for it. Boogie, is this the biggest match of your career? If so, why? Yes, because it's him. He's a He's a legend. He's a ACC um you know, he he's a he's a Hall of Famer at ADCC, I believe, in IBJF as well, something like that. So, yeah, he's he's a legend, man. Um this is the biggest match up of my life. And um you know, it's one of those things that that for me, like I I didn't start jiu-jitsu young. I started jiu-jitsu late, you know, so it's like, you know, I never thought I would get a match like this watching him. Like when when I first started, I was a white belt and he was already doing ADCC. So I've always been, you know, studying him since I started jiu-jitsu. So it's one of those matches that I'm very excited for just because I I I feel that I understand his game enough to be able to give him a great match. So Shanji, you've been critical in the past about how athletes should always carry themselves with respect and dignity and honor going into a competition. is part of your return to help exemplify that. Uh definitely, you know, I think um this new trend of uh do what it takes to to do whatever in social media, I think it's an issue. I think you should leave your life as an example and make that just like the part that shows people what you do. I see a lot of people going to training sessions and be like, oh, you know, I'm going to post this, I'm going to post that. Just leave your life who you are and and and and be be genuine, you know. I think I think it's about being genuine. I think there's a lot of kids watching us. I think it's important to to kind of maintain. Of course, we need to sell. Is it still entertainment? Um, and I love the idea. Like I said, you know, the kids are here, they're talking, do see that who they are. You know, I think when you start to move away from who you are, just to get clicks online. It's just not my style. I didn't grow up with that. But, you know, if it's what makes you get a fight, get a call, um, do it. It's just not my thing. I I rather live the life the way I think my purpose is and and go from there and extending uh the the the with Boogie. Thank you so much for your words. You know, he have fought great athletes as well. You know, I was of course studying his his his game and everything else which we trained before. Uh I'm some sort of a 10 player too. I do a lot of rubber guard and and lockdowns too. So, you know, thank you so much for taking the fight and I really appreciate the opportunity to be here. Boogie, last question for you. Where do you feel your biggest advantage is in this match and what needs to happen for you to get your hand raised on Friday? My biggest advantage is that a lot of people haven't seen my full game. I feel that it's it's kind of easy for me to get rubber guard in in some of these matches and just like finish off real fast, but I feel there's a a longer a different path for me to win other than rubber guard in this game. And it's like I feel there's a lot I'm pretty wellrounded when it comes down to to um playing jiu-jitsu. But like I said, it just always resorts to the same kind of game, which I feel very good with. And I mean, I I feel if I take it that route, I feel I could find some success as well. But I feel there's a lot of more of my game that he hasn't seen. And I feel that um this match, it's going to show a lot of his game and a lot of my game that a lot of people haven't seen. So, I'm very excited to see what actually comes out. Well, thank you guys so much for being here for the press conference. Ladies and gentlemen, this is Shanji Hero and Richie Boogeyman Martinez. Ladies and gentlemen, we are back at the who's number one 27 press conference. I am joined by Andrew Pirulito Tacket and Fabi Christian. Andrew, I'll open up the floor to you first. You said you'll only take on grapplers who can help you put on exciting matches. What makes Fabi the right guy for you to face? Yeah, I mean, first off, I uh I have a reputation for being exciting, so it really wouldn't make a whole lot of sense me accepting a fight with someone that has the pure opposite goal as me. Um, so when they were like, "Hey, you want to fight Faburi?" I I looked him up. I was like, "Dang, yeah, this guy scraps. This guy goes after it. You know, he definitely is looking for the finish." So that's going to, you know, benefit my style because it's a lot easier to submit someone, attack someone when they're trying to attack you. But when they're constantly just defending or um pushing away from you, it's really hard to get something going, especially in the nogi. So, I saw him attacking in all his matches. I was like, sick. I was like, he's going to put on a good fight and it will give me my opportunities to get my stuff going. So, that was why I accepted the fight. Fab, you're no stranger to fight of the year caliber matchups. You've been on the who's number one stage before. What's the game plan for Friday? What's your be best path to victory? Scramble for sure. Like as he told you like I'm always looking for the finish. I'm always scramble. I see that like I have an advantage on the scramble situation. I always find like good positions, good submissions on it. So the path for the win is scrap there. Capitalize the first uh mistake or the first shot that I have it and get it. Like I'm here for scrap. That's for sure. Andrew, what's it like to go up against someone from a team like AOJ? Uh someone coached by the Mendes Bros. Yeah. So, I grew up from like five to now like competing in IBJGF. I haven't competed in it for a couple years because I've had opportunity outside of it, but I'm super used to going against that style. Um, I grew up competing against Mendes like students like their kids like orange belt, yellow belt, green belt at kids pans and all sorts of tournaments. So, I'm very familiar with their style at that gym. It's it's a worldrenowned style and I definitely respect it, but I'm I know it's coming at me, you know, for sure. So, it's very exciting though to know that he has like good technique, good coaching, and everything he needs to like get the win. But it's not going to matter. I'm going to win. Fabi, how would you describe your evolution and changes since you made that switch to train at AOJ? Uh, what I felt that like since I made the change, I start to sharp even more my game. So, I have like a really good submission set, also back attacks, guard pass, everything. And also start to work on my bottom too. So what I feel that like uh professor G is doing with me is like sharpen even more my qualities and add even even more for his uh style the AOJ style the AOJ mindset that is like not showing like breakdown going forward chasing doesn't matter who it is in front of you just going for the chase you know like I have literally like I'm sure to say that like the best environment room with the amount of like champions and people that like train ghee and no ghee so we are a complete team you know so nothing has in front of me you fear Andrew, I would say as somebody who's known you for a long time that a lot of the we actually we actually had a pancake eating competition. I won. We didn't set the rules. You know what I'm going to do right now? Stop talking. When you and I'm just going to do I'm going to do this right now. The unspoken rule of eating competitions is if you throw up like a chump, then you lose. So, let's But anyway, what's more important to you as somebody who has a pretty unconventional, I would say, style. You're very aggressive. You're always going for the options that no one would think of. What's more important to you going into a match? Is it to put on a show or is it just to get the win? It's just to get the win. It doesn't matter if I got to go to the bathroom and throw up and come back and keep eating, I'll get that win, you know? But yeah, no, for me, um, yeah, I mean, I definitely like the win is very important, but I didn't win my match against Cade and I still got a lot of really I've got more exposure from that match than I've gotten my whole career. So, it just really showed me that even if you lose and you give it your all and you really show your character and you go after it, you're going to get a lot of gain from it. So, I'd say the performance is definitely more important than the victory, but the victory is what I have my eyes set on, if that makes sense. Kind of. Okay, Fabi, you've sacrificed a lot to get to this point. What would a win over Andrew Tacken on Friday mean to you in your career? Uh, it would mean a lot, of course. Like, as I as he told as well, like performance is what really matters here, but like I'm here for the win. I've been like the underdog literally the dark horse my whole life. It wasn't different the last time that I was here fighting against Daniel like everybody put the stakes against me against me. So I feel comfortable with that you know I came like from a a really humble background. We have to work hard towards like my whole life. So it's just like people don't realize the work that we put towards the here like to leave out of jiu-jitsu you know like how hard the path it is to make your name to get here to start to fight on a big show and realize that how hard is the behind the scenes. So like when I see that it just give me like more fuel like give me more gas to get to get the win and get the line show the people that like hey it's not the it's not just this guy that you see here on the Instagram you know that there's a guy there's like kid that trained like over the last 14 years somebody that been like sacrificing like the house literally like hustling a lot to get here. So the wind towards him uh like tomorrow just going to show like the work I've been doing the last 14 years not the last month not the last year not the last camp like my whole work ethic that's been the last years. Yeah I mean it sounds like you have the right mindset you know that's the mindset I have but I'm winning tomorrow you know I'm going out there I'm winning. Huh? That's what everybody says, you know, if you're not trusting your win, who going to be? You know, that's that's for sure. That that's I respect that too. Like as he told like uh he accept the match because I'm someone that that's crap. I'm completing all areas. I play bottom top standing too. Like I didn't got this cauliflower, you know, like just get his match. That's for sure. Because we I got mine getting beat up. I know that's what I got. I never got mine by winning. Wasn't winning either, but that's good. I'm happy to fight. I see a highle dude with no call fire, I'm like, "Whoa, you must be really good. You never get beat up." I didn't have Cauliflower until last week. You know, you would think that about me right now. Maybe change a little bit. That's new. That's brand new. That's fresh. You know, like just for the picture, collar tie is only on the right side. Only on this side. But no, I mean, Fabir is really good, man. I mean, I don't think people give him enough credit. I mean, just looking at like his followers and like how much people like know him, I don't think he deserves or I think he deserves more credit. I've been watching him and he's really good. Um, so yeah, I mean anything could happen tomorrow. He could take my back, choke me, I could take his back, choke me. Who knows? I've been preparing. I've been training really hard to make sure everything I do, it goes in my favor. So, who knows what's going to happen tomorrow, but I've set myself up for success in this match. Um, and I I know I'm happy. Yeah, for sure. As Andrew told, like I'm happy like I'm building my career, my path as well. Like he's a kid I've been watching a lot of time too. We have like similar path. He won brome war nogi awards too as I won the next year I've been doing like a lot of the nogi scene showing up even more and I know that like I don't like to come here just talk or do trash talks just let my work do the job but I'm going to be like showing up more talking more counting my history as well to people realize it but tomorrow for sure we're going to do history together it's going to be like for sure one of the best matches of the year yeah I I like trash talking I just kind of suck at it I wish I wish I was better what I going to say you can't handle spice Wish it came more naturally. Well, you don't even know. You said, "Oh, man. He I could go and take his back." Or you said he could take your back and choke you. Or I could take his back and he could choke me. That's what you said. You're that bad at trash talking. Like you laid out two ways. Trash talked myself. That's not what I meant, guys. That's not what I can trash talk. What are you going to say? That he can't handle spice. He's already white as hell. You know, there's nothing to say, you know. Oh, I am white. Yes. And I have a baby mouth. I wouldn't blame him. I'm just saying. But my whole family my whole family can eat like serranos and spicy food. I'm the one that can't. I'm like him too. I'm just not. And you can't eat spicy either. Yeah. Sit down. The the best of the trash talk that I can do here, guys. Sorry. You know that's the best. You can't eat spicy either. Sit down. Come on. All right. But yeah. Yeah. It's going to be great tomorrow, guys. Flow is an amazing card. We're going to have great fights. We're going to put on a performance. You better watch it. I promise you it's going to be a good fight. So, um, yeah, you guys better be watching. If you're not, I'm going to be extremely disappointed because it's a very good card tomorrow and take advantage of it. This is literally one one of the biggest card I ever seen here with the amount of champions. Like we have Kyn, Nick, we have Luke, Vtorugo, we have like that tacket here, me. So, tomorrow is going to be like a crazy uh crazy show big. So, just waiting to get the D tomorrow. Jake, what's your final thoughts? My final thoughts, this could be one of the matches of the evening and I'm excited about it. It's going to be a great card. I love you, too. Okay, ladies and gentlemen, this is Andrew Taget and Fabota Christian goes down tomorrow night. Ladies and gentlemen, we are back at the Who's Number 127 press conference joined by Helena Crabar and Elizabeth Clay. I'll open the question to you first, Elizabeth. How does it feel being the veteran in this match when not that long ago you were in a similar position that Helena is in now? I like how you just called me old without calling me old. You have a baby with you right now, so it's a little different. 24. I'm just saying you have your kid with you. 2000. That's This is a lovely child. He'll beat you up. I know. Uh it feels good to to be out here. It's a little weird being called the veteran cuz makes me feel old at 24. But it's good. I didn't mean anything by that. Anyway, uh Helena, what would it mean to you to win a Who's number one championship at just 18 years old? Yeah. So, it's my fourth time here at Who's Number One and uh being able to get the opportunity for the title and to win 145 pound championship at Who's Number One would be amazing. Um and yeah, I'm definitely going for that win. Liz, this is a matchup between two of the best leg lockers on earth, period. A lot of people would say, how does it feel going into a matchup where both of you are so dangerous and submission oriented? I mean, I think it's great. Great. I like when people chase a submission when I'm fighting them instead of just kind of like sawing or backing out. Um, so I'm excited to see how it goes, especially because when you get two people that go after leg lock specifically, either you get a ton of leg locks or you get two people that don't attack the legs at all. Uh, so I'm kind of excited to see how it'll go. Last match up you had with Liz, uh, she won via leg lock. And you have grown a lot in very well-rounded games since then. Do you plan on testing those waters again on Friday, or are you planning to showcase other parts of your game? I'm definitely confident wherever like the match is uh going to go. I'm not sure like uh if we are going to be attacking legs or if we're going to do something else, but I think that I've been improving in uh all aspects and I'm definitely confident uh in my game and I feel like I have improved a lot since uh when we fought was exactly three years ago. So yeah, I'm definitely excited to test myself um right now uh after that three-year gaff that we went through. Does it feel any different, Liz, defending the championship compared to when you won it? I mean, honestly, I don't look at any match any different. I think if you start doing that, that's when you start losing and having really bad performances. Um, because every match should be kind of looked at the same way. It's still a fight regardless of if it's for a belt or or not. So, not really. Last question for you, Helena. Where do you feel you have the advantage in that you could take the title? Um, I feel like confident in all my games. So, wherever the match was to go, whether I'm on top or bottom or even in the leg locks, I feel like um very confident cuz I've been working on everything in my game. So, wherever the match is going to go, I probably uh would feel confident and definitely uh confident to get that win. Well, this is for the Who's Number One title, ladies and gentlemen. Tune in tomorrow night. It's Helena Crabar versus Elizabeth Clay. [Applause] Ladies and gentlemen, welcome back to the Who's Number 127 press conference. This is our co-main event of the evening evening between Victor Hugo and Luke Griffith. Question for you first, Victor. There was a time in 2024 where you weren't sure if you would be able to keep competing professionally. How does it feel being back on a big stage like who's number one after that? You want to be grateful, you know, and I think one of the ways that I can show how grateful I am is by putting, you know, a good performance tomorrow. And yeah, uh fighting home also super special. I had a great camp. Uh I'm off to a good year. I'm feeling good and I can't wait to show this new per this new version of me. Victor has a pretty unique style, Luke, uh with his guard and just like kind of the not a lot of heavyweights exemplify that sort of a style. Uh what's the game plan for facing someone like Victor Hugo? Yeah, I mean he's definitely, I would say, one of the most flexible mobile heavyweights uh on the scene. You know, he's got a very dynamic guard game. Um but at the same time, I think I also have a pretty unique style as somebody who's a big guy who has explosive game and can move around in different areas. Um so I think it'll be interesting how we match up. I think, you know, a lot of people have been anticipating this match for a while was supposed to happen last year. Uh I myself have been very excited for this match to happen obviously because both of us, especially last year, had a had a pretty good run. Um, so yeah, I think it's going to be very interesting to see how the match plays out and, uh, yeah, I'm looking forward to it. Based off that, Victor, what do you feel makes Luke Griffith so dangerous as an opponent? I think momentum, uh, his team, he has a strong team. Uh, and as he said, he has a pretty, uh, interesting style for our division. Uh, he's not like monotional. He can be dynamic and I think that makes this matchup like exciting, you know, and it was supposed to happen a couple times. It didn't happen. That's also that. But yeah, coming from a good camp, uh he has, you know, uh excellent like coaching and training partners and I think that makes him confident to, you know, match up with somebody like me. Also, uh I don't know how young he is, but uh he's a bit younger than me, so I think it was probably something that was going through his head. It was definitely going through my head that we would face each other some point. He won a lot of tournaments as brown belt and you know, you start building the anticipation like people want to see you go against the best. So I think this is the time now. Luke, you've lost a lot of weight for this match. Is there a particular strategy around that? Yeah, so I think I mean I don't think anyone would disagree that one of uh you know, my downfalls in the past has been that my endurance tends to kind of take a little bit of a a tank towards the end of matches. Um and you know, as a as a professional athlete, I obviously wanted to make sure that there's as little holes in my game as possible. So I've been experimenting with body weight and uh seems like mobility, you know, flexibility and uh endurance has all gone up as as my weights come down a little bit. be interesting to see if that makes a difference tomorrow night. Victor, we're going to need a new heavyweight champ soon. How does a shot at the title, how much does it motivate you? Uh, a lot. You know, uh, throughout my life as a competitor, that's like one things that motivates me, always going after that gold. Uh, I don't want to look uh look after Luke, if that makes sense. But I still think I'm out tomorrow night. And, you know, a win tomorrow night would mean, I think a lot on this run to eventually get a belt. But as I said, I have, you know, business to deal with tomorrow. He's a game opponent. Uh, lots of respect to him. And yeah, let's do this. Luke, you're three and0 at who's number one. You haven't even reached the first judges decision once. Are you expecting another early night on Friday? Um, to be honest with you, you can never really predetermine what the the length of the match is going to be. You know, obviously, I've been, you know, be able to finish matches quickly in the past. Um, but I'm not expecting anything tomorrow night. I'm expecting like I'm under no illusion of of what this match is going to be. This is going to be a fight. Um you know, Victor's coming off one of the best performances of his career and uh I'm excited to get the opportunity to go out and show that my jiu-jitsu is is the best in the world. So whether it takes 2 minutes or whether it takes the full 15, I'm ready to go out there and put on a show. Well, this is the co-main event of the evening. It goes down tomorrow night. Victor Hugo versus Luke Griffith. [Music] [Applause] Ladies and gentlemen, this is the main event of the evening for who's number 127. This is the press conference. I'm Jake Watson joined by Kynan Dwight and Nick Rodriguez. I'll open up first to you Kynan. Three questions for you each. Kynan, do you think you're the best Nogi grappler in the world right now? And if so, why? I would say one of the best. you know, um is I I don't believe like, oh, you're the best. Like, I think you need to be prepared and see who is the best uh in the day, you know, even the best uh lose sometimes, you know, but I mean, very well prepared and I can't wait for this challenge, you know. Nick, same question to you. Do you think you're the best Noi grappler in the world right now? I think I'm the best version of myself right now. And uh and whatever that means, it's whatever that means. kind of where do you feel like you have an advantage in this match against Nikki Rod? I would say that I'm more complete than he. Uh overall, I think I'm better than he. I think um I think he's good where he's good and he know where he's good at. Like his wrestling is good, but uh I think his wrestling is good in jiu-jitsu. I think like a pure wrestling he's not the best. And I believe I respect him, but I believe in jiu-jitsu. People respect a lot of his wrestling for him shoot on me. I think that's what he's I think his goal is going to be like a taking me down and be on top. I don't see other way around. But for me taking him down, he has to he must to have like a very clear shot otherwise he's going to expose his neck and everything like that. So I think complete overall I I can play anywhere in the mat. And I think I just see him like playing on top game. Nikki, you're the million-doll grappler. You've hit what a lot of people consider to be the apex of achievement in the sport. What motivates you at this point to keep competing? Um, yeah. I mean, the money is fantastic, but I don't know. I just like challenging myself. I feel like in life you have to you have to always be chasing the next big big thing. And um that's why I take all the big matches, you know, like I could have easily after CGI just kind of chilled. But I competed like a month or two after that. And then um you know, took some time to get better, compete again, and now I'm here with uh you know, going to compete against one one of the best ADCC grapplers ever. um tomorrow. So yeah, for me it's always about setting setting a new standard for myself and um looking to looking to achieve that expectation that I have of myself. Kanan, what do you think of Nick as an opponent compared to when you first fought? How has he improved? I think he's like a very dangerous opponent. Uh he's a different athlete, I would say. He's improved so much and the results speaks for himself. But uh same thing as me. I think I improved a lot. uh especially in the past few months and this going to be like a a big challenge for me also and is a is um is a match that motivate me you know because when you feel that you have more to lose than win doesn't I don't wake up like feeling like that I want to train as much and I know that is a there's a big risk here on me so I was very I was waking up every day like uh with with that in my mind you know so I had like a very good training camp I had like a lot of good training partners to helping me out. So, I'm very well prepared and can't wait for tomorrow. How would you compare yourself to the version of Nikki that fought Kynan in 2019? Um, yeah. I don't know. How do I compare myself to the version of myself? Um, well, how about you ask me that same question again and maybe I'll give you a better answer. Ask me again like in a different accent or something. How would you compare yourself to the version of Nikki that fought Kynan in 2019? I don't know. In incomparable I don't really know how to answer that. I'm not the same. I'll just let next question. Let's pass that. That was the last question. Uh so that's a great way to end. Any final any final parting words for either of you? I guess I'll take it there. Any final parting words for the fans at home about this main event? Why they should tune in? Uh that's the match that you guys asked it. That's the match that uh everybody was looking for. So here I am. I show up. Nick show up. So, let's see tomorrow. [Music] Yep. All right, ladies and gentlemen. That's the main event of the evening. Kind of Nick Rodriguez. Tune in tomorrow night. It goes down live on Flow Grappling. [Music]