Kind: captions Language: en What's up everybody? Welcome back to the Flow Grappling Show. Today we're going to be recapping the IBJJF Absolute Grand Prix and then we're going to be talking about Polaris 36 that's going down this weekend. As always, I'm Trey Robinson. We got Joey Gilps right there. And then Big Uncle Reed is MIA. This guy came down with the flu or something. Came down with a little bit of a bug. I think it's because he didn't want to give up his title. &gt;&gt; Oh, that is exactly what happened. Yeah, 100%. Yeah. won't show his face, is embarrassed about how everything went, &gt;&gt; uh, didn't get it done in the draft, and doesn't want to own up to it. &gt;&gt; He's a draft dodger. &gt;&gt; Yeah, a little bit of a draft dodger, if you will, &gt;&gt; for a timely reference. &gt;&gt; They really got slack. But, uh, so yeah, Joey Gilps won the Sub Hunter draft this one, retaking the throne off that. Haven't actually done the math, but I just know because all of his guys got submissions and then not a lot of me or Reed's guys got submissions. So, &gt;&gt; I think I kind of picked there was seven submissions. I picked five of them. So, I I I feel pretty good about uh how I did. Uh can I can I say something that is true? This is true. Uh &gt;&gt; no, say something false first and then say something true. &gt;&gt; Uh I'm really happy to be here. Definitely nothing no place I'd rather be. Uh I had never won one of these drafts before. We were getting on Reed for not winning any of these drafts. I had accepted one of them in on Slack's behalf, &gt;&gt; but I had never actually won a draft. So, we had really been getting on Reed. I was just waiting to get something on the board to finally bring this up that like, no, actually, I've been in last place. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, you Yeah, you were just riding the coattails of of me talking, &gt;&gt; letting him letting him somehow fail even more spectacular. &gt;&gt; Yeah, guys, get him. Get him. &gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. &gt;&gt; All right. Well, congratulations. Welcome. Feels good. Feels good. &gt;&gt; Feels good to hoist the grand prize, right? &gt;&gt; And you know what? Didn't do it small. Did it big my first time. &gt;&gt; True. &gt;&gt; Just just hungry for number two. &gt;&gt; But let's get into the recap of the IBJF. absolute Grand Prix. So, obviously it was a sick event out there in Costa Mesa at the hangar. Um, I guess we can just start off with talking about the big the big champion, you know, the big man Flo himself, Victor Hugo ended up taking the bracket, taking home the $50,000 grand prize and his final a little interesting, huh? I don't I don't think it was necessarily controversy, but it was just kind of like a wild moment that really did kind of decide the match. He hit Pedro Mourinho with the with the major look like there. Woo. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like they were like uh super engaged in this kind of standing hand fight thing, which if I'm being honest, there's so many matches where Pedro Mourinho is able to kind of like control that hand fight, get an advantage and win that way. But then eventually they were both they were both being a little koi too, you know? So it was like Pedro was kind of doing his little spins like doing his little like fake like he's about to kick him or something. I don't really know. Like kind of, you know, having some fun. And then Victor eventually just went like this and did the like, oh, what is that in the distance? And Pedro fully turned his back and Victor just tackled him, which I thought was really funny, but even Victor afterwards told me he was like, "Yeah, as soon as I hit the mat, I was like, "Oh no, what have I done?" Was that was that not a cool move? But I think they were all both cool about it and everything, but I guess overall, what did you think of that final? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it was uh definitely contra, you know, I think it's a little controversial. Uh allowed obviously within the rules. Uh, you know, the referee did never tell them to stop. Uh, uh, you know, we know that referee a little bit. You know, he's always a good one to talk to. &gt;&gt; Uh, and, uh, Damian, I was trying to think of his name. Damian. Uh, he never stopped him. It was just Pedro's error, unfortunately. And when you're fighting at the highest level, you make a big error, you can lose the match. There you go. The focus dropped for a second. Uh, yeah. And there's a lot of money on the line, so I totally understand striking whenever you see the opportunity like that. Uh, yeah. It does kind of suck to see the tournament get decided on something like that. &gt;&gt; Uh can I just bring why are people like I know Pedro Mourinho has good guard passing. I was so surprised to see Victor standing and wrestling for that long because that like you said that does feel like Pedro's path to victory lies with getting you know if you were to write out the best thing that could happen to for for Pedro in that match is to get Victor wrestling with him. He did but Victor showed off some some uh good takedowns and kept scoring points. Kept scoring points. I think it was like 15 to2 by the end. Uh, congratulations to him. 50k richer. Big man flow getting it done. &gt;&gt; $350,000 man. &gt;&gt; $350,000 man. &gt;&gt; Stacking up. &gt;&gt; We got to really like Yeah. Start chilling on this. People are going to start hitting up Victor asking for uh for for some sweet cash. &gt;&gt; He said hopefully the IRS doesn't watch jiu-jitsu. &gt;&gt; Yeah, genuinely. Uh but uh yeah, we love Victor. Pedro again showing he's one of the baddest dudes around. Uh making it all the way to the finals. Beat Pau first round. Submitted Batista. Second round. There are some fun little matches uh sprinkled throughout the the bracket there. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think I think so to talk about uh what you were saying because it is interesting to me that Victor didn't pull against Pedro. You know, I kind of thought it's like you think Victor wants to play guard anyways. You know, &gt;&gt; the best guard north of 220 lbs is Victor Hugo. Yeah, I do think Pedro has really good passing. Probably underrated passing to be honest. But I think maybe there's an aspect of it where Pedro is so good tactically in these matches, you know, like he's so good at playing the game, scoring necessary points or advantages, and then just kind of like controlling enough to not get penalized and then like writing it out that way. Um, I mean it's like you guys can have whatever take you want on that style, I guess, but it's like it does win jiu-jitsu matches and that's kind of like what Pedro does is he like wins matches. This guy like wins a lot of matches in that way, especially in GP brackets and stuff. But the other aspect of it, he is dangerous submission hunter, which we saw against Gustava Batista where it's like Batista opted to pull. Pedro starts getting into passing, immediately falls back on the hook, submits him. It's like do I think Pedro can leglock Victor Hugo? I don't know about that, but it's like there's something about it where I guess either Victor wanted to show his wrestling or he just, you know, knew that Pedro is kind of dangerous, more underrated than people give him credit for in the passing game or just the the controlling of the top game where uh it played out that way. But obviously, Victor had an incredible performance. Shout out to him like you already said. I thought Pedro looked great as well getting that quick sub. What was it like? It was like 10 seconds or something like 14 seconds &gt;&gt; against Batista. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, no. I think it was a little longer than that. I thought it was like a minute. &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. &gt;&gt; Uh, but it it was &gt;&gt; in the moment in the Oh, 20 seconds. &gt;&gt; Okay. Wow. It was only 20 seconds. &gt;&gt; I knew it was like fast, but yeah, it was like one of the first exchanges after he pulled, but in the moment, like Matt side, it's all flurry. Like it's hard to remember everything, but uh he looked great. Um, &gt;&gt; and by the way, we've been doing more breakdown videos. I know, uh, people have been liking the octopus one that just came out. Uh, may do a breakdown. So many more people dropping back on leg locks successfully from top position. Uh, and I think there's some reasons for that. Uh, may talk about that in the future. &gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely. I think one example of someone who does that really well is Kabate where he threatens the either the leg drag or the heel hook kind of off of that like depending on how they react to that. Um, but we'll get into his match in a second. To talk more about the rest of the GP, I wanted to give a shout out to Marlin Tik. Also, Marlin fought Victor first round and of of course Victor won and went on to win the bracket. But I did think like Marlin looked good, especially as someone as high level as Victor Hugo, an established world champion black belt. This is Marlin making his IBJJF black belt debut. And I thought like he I think he pulled, right? He pulled against Victor and then I thought his guard was actually like super impressive like and there was a moment where Victor almost had him pass, but he was able to like just keep throwing his leg over kind of in that like I guess it'd be like a backside choy bar kind of like the opposite of a normal &gt;&gt; like a north south almost. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And I was like, "Holy shit, dude." Like, is he actually going to use this to either like get a submission threat or at least like escape the position, get back standing or get back to his guard. So, I thought overall Marlin looked really good. Marlin did call me out for me and you saying Ferris won. He came up to me and he was like, "Whoa, look at this. Look at this guy over here freaking picking against me." So, I said I would say something nice to about him. So, I want to say this direct to the camera. Marlin Tick is one of the most handsome grapplers competing today, you know. So, if you guys just want to follow a real handsome fella, then go follow Marlin to Jick. All right, that was my nice thing I wanted to say about Marlin. But &gt;&gt; there you go. &gt;&gt; Everything else about him is garbage. I'm kidding. Really, really good, dude. I like Marlin a lot. &gt;&gt; I like Marlin a lot. Uh Marlin, I'm keeping it real. That was my opinion on that match. I thought you did awesome here. Uh I thought you've done awesome so many other times. &gt;&gt; I told him if it went to decision against Victor, I would give him the decision. &gt;&gt; There you go. Yeah. No, I just give my opinion. You know, it's &gt;&gt; I have no I have no issue lying either. So, &gt;&gt; uh, no, I love lying. I I would love to lie. I lie as often as I possibly can. &gt;&gt; I usually do about for seven hours every night. &gt;&gt; Uh, yeah, Marlin looked awesome. His guard looked incredible. &gt;&gt; Did anybody else impress you just in the GPS? &gt;&gt; Barter for sure. I thought looked really good him coming out and uh really putting it on Nick Hartman. If you understand how good Nick Hartman is, you'll understand how impressive this was. Nick's a guy who I think by the time we wrap back around IBJJF Noi pans noi worlds I think he's a guy who's going to end up on a podium at least one time for sure. Uh he's so talented and and uh for Javier to come out and be able to just really put it on him pass the guard I think multiple times get the submission win uh that was awesome that that was really uh uh very very impressive to me to see. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Do you ever have like do you know of any references of Javier competing in the ghee? I don't know if I ever Yeah, I haven't either. I wonder if he's exclusively NOI. &gt;&gt; I I feel like it's one of those ones that's maybe happened like maybe he's hopped into a bracket or two, but yeah, just almost exclusively NOI in terms of like him being successful. Like we've said, we've seen him in ADCC competition as well at trials. Would love to see him at West Coast Trials. That would be awesome. Uh you know, he could be the first Panameanian guy that I'm aware of to uh place at ADCC trials, potentially even win the damn thing. Uh so yeah, I just thought he looked incredible. Like Javier obviously really good at jiu-jitsu, absolute beast. Whenever whenever him and Nick Hartman took the mat, I was like, "Oh my god, bro. These dudes are tanks." Like Javier Barter, a few people were telling me that have like they've had teammates or something uh go against Javier that he's like just the strongest dude in the world. And it's like when you look at his legs and stuff, he's an absolute tank. I'm like, "Yeah, it's like of course this guy is just kind of like throwing dudes by, taking their back, just kind of dominating top." Like, so I think he's an absolute beast. I think he's a dude to just keep watching. Like I've never interacted with him like face to face personally. I don't know what he's like, you know, on that side of it, but I do know on the mat he seems to be incredible to watch. So definitely want to keep an eye on Javier Barter, especially if he enters trials and everything. I think that'd be super sick. But I I think Nick Hartman probably a little bummed the way that shaped out, but that was just a tough match, you know, like tough match against Javier Barter. &gt;&gt; Black belt debuts often do not go amazing to be perfectly honest. We still know how awesome Nick Hartman is. We've seen him compete many times. Uh I know he probably wanted to come in there and really make a statement and put it on people. Man, this this bracket was so good. &gt;&gt; You know what I mean? Uh for a brown belt world champion coming up into this facing almost exclusively black belt world champions uh throughout the bracket. Uh you know, him for Marlin for Pixley. Neither one of them was able to make it very deep, but I think uh the future continues to be really bright. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think uh Pixley Batista, that one was a little bit of a stinker to be honest. It was like, you know, just a lot of seated versus standing. Um, probably didn't play out a way that either guy really hoped for, you know, but I don't know, these matches get tough whenever you get at this this not just a black belt level, but an IBJF invite tournament. It's like, you know, every dude in there is going to be so rock solid like you don't want to make any mistakes and sometimes that's how it plays out. But was there any other big moment or anything from the GP like sitting out? &gt;&gt; Pedro PTO is maybe the last patch we haven't talked about and that was also just a super strategic one. Uh, and you know, that's part of the problem with being in an absolute like this is, you know, you try to put a smaller guy like PO in, even if he's facing a guy like Pedro Mourinho who's not 280 pounds, you know, he's still a, you know, multiple weight classes bigger and, uh, uh, also a high level, strategically sound, technically sound athlete. Uh, so very difficult to be the smaller guy in that situation. Yeah, I think the biggest weight discrepancies in the first round was I think Victor Hugo Marlin was maybe like the biggest at like a 60 lb difference, but then I think Pedro P was still like 50 lbs difference. So even though &gt;&gt; like Pedro is not the biggest dude. He's still a big dude like especially like weight wise. He's not incredibly tall, but he's like very like built and then PO is obviously the smallest guy. So it's still a big weight difference there. Um but so that's how the GP shaped out. You know, Victor Hugo, shout out him getting it done. I think jumping into just like big standout performances I want to talk about. The first one I kind of want to talk about is Sarah Galvao. I thought Sarah Galvao had one of the most impressive performances because obviously Sarah is still so young in her black belt career. Um she's been super active. She's competing a lot since getting her black belt. So it's already making her feel like &gt;&gt; she's she's competed since this match. She's already had more matches. She's she can't be more active. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, it's kind of like it makes it feel like Sarah is this like established veteran already, even though she's like still in her rookie year at Black Belt. And for her to come out and like I guess one aspect of it that I think is so impressed about Sarah is we're seeing her in so many different weight divisions. You know, we see her in the absolute final against Gabby Passa at Euros. She competes lightweight, wins lightweight, and now we see her do this at I think medium heavy, right? So, it's like to go out and submit Maka in the mediumheavy division is like I just thought that was super impressive. Like I think Sarah Galva like the sky's is the limit for her. I know we talk about her a lot, but it's just like it's kind of like we're watching a pretty incredible athlete at work right now and it's like, you know, it's something to be grateful for as jiu-jitsu fans that we have this young star athlete kind of like blooming in front of us. So, I thought her performance was super sick. &gt;&gt; 100%. Every time we see Sarah, I feel like we're seeing something uh a little new, a little different to her game. Uh here she was able to not just win, but win by submission, win in a dominant fashion against uh uh top five, top six ranked uh medium heavy. She's only a lightweight that's going up two weight classes. That's incredible for her to be able to get done. Uh I I yeah, I just can't be more impressed with everything we see out of Sarah Galva. Uh, I know that she's got about as high an expectation for herself as you can have as a rookie. Black belt wants to be a super grand slam champion. Uh, as a rookie, she's already getting that done. Uh, the first of the five uh uh uh what's the things from uh Avengers. The first of the five stones has already been collected at Euros. Uh now she's just got four more. This is just kind of a little side quest. Got this done. Uh Maka is incredible. Maka could win a world title this year. Uh, so for Sarah to go out there and be able to submit her, I think is uh really just uh uh uh so telling of what her ceiling is, what her potential is. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Ver Fright, if you're watching right now, we need you to make the uh kind of AI graphic of Sarah with the like gauntlet thing with, you know, one of the stones on it and just keep progressing with that. I feel like that's a Vtor Freight Communica uh type of post to make right there. So that we'll give you that one for free, Vtor. &gt;&gt; The rest you're going to have to pay for. &gt;&gt; Yeah. the rest, you know, we're going to come to collect. &gt;&gt; I got a lot of stupid AI ideas that we could be making. Don't worry. &gt;&gt; True. &gt;&gt; Don't worry. &gt;&gt; Um, another impressive performance I thought was Helena Cravar. Helena kind of just doing what she does. You want to kind of talk through that match and everything. What do you thought about Helena? &gt;&gt; Definitely super impressive match. Uh, impressive because of how game Agata was. Uh, Agata came out and, uh, you know, she has some, uh, credentials herself at Nogi. She's a Nogi Brown Bell world champion for the IBJJF in 2024. Uh, but she came right at her, was putting her in deep submission trouble very early. Uh, had some super meaningful exchanges entering the legs. Helena was able to weather that storm, escape that, turn it into a dar. It was a beautiful counter. It was one of the more exciting matches I feel like we've had here in 2026. Uh, really back and forth, really technical, really high level. Uh, one of the few matches where the person losing, I'm actually going to increase their ranking because of how impressive they were. Uh uh that that really the last time I did that was Abe and Philip Coaster, right? It doesn't really you have to really show something. Uh so yeah, I thought Agata was uh uh awesome in this match. Helena obviously is a machine. 13 match win streak. All by submission. Uh couldn't be more impressed. &gt;&gt; Definitely. &gt;&gt; Not all by I think 12 by the last 13 matches she's had, she's won by submission. I think the win streak extends even further. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. Yeah. So super impressive performance by not just Helena, but Agatha as well. And then I want to talk about Kabate and Will Wilson. This match for me, like being there in person, this was one of the most intense matches watching Matt's side. And like I I think there's like a there's a distinction between whenever you're like watching a Matt live like in person and like watching on a stream cuz it's like when you're watching the stream it doesn't always capture the intensity and like the ambiance of the moment, but this one felt like big for some reason there live. Like it's like both guys come out and I'm kind of like I feel myself tightening up a little bit. Like I'm like, "Oh shit." Okay, how's this going to go? You know, &gt;&gt; really got to get this angle. &gt;&gt; I got to get the shot by any means necessary. And like that's I thought live that's just how it played out. Like it was like both guys super, you know, like super intense, super focused. &gt;&gt; It felt like there was a lot on the line. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And like I like there was, but also there wasn't. But so it's like I I don't know why it felt like that, but it did seem like that. Obviously Cole's kind of going up to lightweight for this where we've been seeing him compete at featherweight at IBJFF and everything. Will Wilson was able to beat Matteo Cardona at IBJF Euros at lightweight and then Cole kind of bounced up, got one back for his boy, got the win there, played a played a super good game obviously kind of, you know, I thought controlled a lot of exchanges, but I did also think Will Wilson looked super impressive. So for me, this was one where both guys like definitely kind of just raised their stock. You know, it made me think about the prospect of seeing Cole more at lightweight. Like I'm kind of like I don't know. I don't I don't know if it like I don't know. I haven't decided yet if I'm like that would be sick to keep seeing Cole at lightweight or if to keep see him at featherweight. Do you have any thoughts on that? Like Cole bouncing around kind of between these two divisions or anything? &gt;&gt; Cole is definitely one of those guys who when we see him at these major tournaments, when I saw him at Euros, when we see him, I feel like he's one of those guys where you especially notice how thin he is on day one. Yeah. uh and how sucked out he is to have some of those early matches. Uh and you know, he's he's far from the only guy. Uh especially down at some of those lower weights, you see some of these guys getting real crazy with it. Uh so, anytime he can move up to light, I'm always interested by that. I feel like we've seen some of his better performances at light. I know for this last IBJF season, he went from feather to light. He looked incredible. Uh and so, uh I thought that was awesome. I really watching from home, like you said, you know, you had the experience being able to watch live. watching from home. Uh I just kept waiting for that one distinctive moment, but it was just Cole just getting a little bit ahead uh in the match and just being able to edge it. And that speaks obviously we know how incredible Cole is. That speaks to how incredible Will is. Uh you know, for a guy who went one and one in Brown Bell Worlds last year to turn it around and now be a world class lightweight. There's a real chance that we just watched the 2026 featherweight and lightweight world champions face off in that match. True. Uh, and we're going to look back at that match and realize actually this was even more monumental than we realized in the moment. These are two guys who were operating on a super high level. Maybe not. Maybe I'm wish casting. Uh, but it did it did kind of have that uh that sense and that air of grandiosity of like, okay, nothing, you know, there's not a major title on the line, but there's a lot on the line. &gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely. And so, like one thing I guess I wanted to talk about, maybe even ask you about because one thing Cole kept doing &gt;&gt; otherwise you're just talking to yourself. So, I would hope Yeah, now I'm talking to all the boys at home watching right now. What's up, fellas? &gt;&gt; Maybe I'll even include you at some point in this fellas. &gt;&gt; No. Um, during the match, Cole was doing a lot of where he would kind of throw his outside leg around almost into a reap position. And this is something I feel like Tynan does a lot and a lot of the AOJs kind of do a lot. And I even feel like maybe it's potentially what led to Tina getting DQed at it would have been 2024 Worlds, right, against Francisco Low. And it seemed like Cole was doing that position a lot where he was then able to knock uh Will like back on his butt using it and stuff. Kind of rack up the advantages that way. And now self- admittedly, this is where my technical knowledge of the nuance of some of these positions starts capping out. And I can speak misinformed about it if you guys want me to, but I'd prefer not to. I like letting kind of, you know, the athletes explain a lot of this stuff, but &gt;&gt; which I am not one. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Which but so I thought um I just thought that was interesting. And I think it's interesting how willing a lot of these AOJ guys are to play kind of like like to tow that line of this position where it does seem like you're so close to being able to get DQed. But whenever you're obviously as good as someone like Ty and you're as good as someone like Cole and then you have Ghee Mendes in your corner who like I would assume knows the the rules better than like almost anyone on Earth. &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's like they clearly see something there where they like think this is a good position to be playing, but it just feels scary, right? Like I don't know. It's just like there were a couple times where I was like that I don't Are we getting close here to like like Cole better not mess up, right? And like or even like, you know, I'm not saying Will Wilson would do this. I don't think he would, but like some guys will kind of like just push the foot in to like and then kind of like look at the ref like I don't know. It's like But I don't know. I just think that's a little bit of an interesting technique that we keep seeing out of these guys. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I I 100% agree with you that uh a lot of these guys it feels like at the black belt level especially. I feel like when I look at the color belts, I really don't see it. And I think that's very interesting as well. uh they really ride the line with where they place the foot in the single leg X especially uh and Titans was a little bit of a different situation at at Worlds in 2024 but like you know John IA an hour before that got DQed for a very similar position and the reap rules I know are different if the person has their foot down on the mat versus like if you're like seated uh in in a double sit and double pull uh the reap rules are a little bit different. Uh there's other athletes that really ride the line. I'm not going to name names we haven't brought up yet, but there are a couple out there where it's like, man, I just can't believe this person hasn't been DQed like once or twice for this kind of stuff. Uh yeah, athletes are are going to continue to push the line and it's going to be up to referees to continue to enforce it. Uh the way I've heard it put and the way I like to think about it, a dog's going to run to the end of the leash, right? And you it's up to you to kind of set how far do you want that leash to be? Because if they start DQing everybody at a certain point, by the time we show up to Worlds next year, I promise you all the smart athletes are going to have internalized the change. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And and it's like the ref is responsible for like enforcing like obviously an illegal move and DQing. And it's also he's responsible for allowing a legal application of like a somewhat closed technique to play out, which is what I think AOJ is kind of getting really good at is like making sure it's like no, this is not illegal. you know, it's like this is just an effective technique that like I don't know is like it like works well in that scenario. But I agree. I also think it's important to point out these referees. Uh I think once upon a time there was the the uh belief that some of the refs didn't understand some of the leg entanglements as well as they needed to to referee those positions. &gt;&gt; Everything's kind of like caught up. &gt;&gt; I think they they know them well by now. These are very professional referees who spend a lot of time studying. Uh they're all black belts, especially when you get into these pro events and high level majors. They're all very experienced black belts. &gt;&gt; This this event was also refed out the wazoo to be honest. Like I don't know if you could see on the stream, but there was the main judge. Then there was the corner judges seated and then there was a table with two guys watching like the the the stream to like also call out techniques and like that's where you get the like talking to the in the earpiece, you know? So I was like, man, these boys ain't missing a thing, dude. They are locked in. &gt;&gt; That's kind of where I'm at. So yeah, if all those guys all working together, all with a way superior understanding of the rules, you know, if they're all cool with it, uh, then it should be cool. I thought, man, you know, at one point I thought double DQ for not stalling and stalling isn't the right word, but just lack of progression might have been on the table because they were doing such a good job of locking each other up and it was like three calls each with like three minutes left. I was like, man, you know, are we going to, you know, that that that's where it really starts to get me nervous when you have three calls with three minutes left for for uh lack of action. Uh and you know, those guys were able to keep it going. And I thought the last 30 seconds they really sprinted and Cole really tried to put a stamp on it. Uh and uh was able to get it done. Like I said, just two super high level elite guys who could both win world titles this year. &gt;&gt; Yeah. The other the other technique aspect I want to point out is just like how good Cole's KG guard is. Like he's just Yeah, Cole Abate's Kgard is insane right now. I think if you're trying to get into Kgard, then Cole's definitely a guy to watch. I also know he dropped a uh uh or maybe it was already available, but I saw him promoting it like his Kgard master class on AOJ Plus. Like I think that is probably a great resource if you like messing around with KG Guard. I know sometimes like I just get into Kgard and then I kind of like figure it out. Call me CLA if you want. You know what I'm saying, brother? Just getting into that KG guard and seeing what daddy can do from there. But that's probably not the smartest way if you have lack of knowledge like me. So I would go watch uh Cole's Kgard because it is super impressive. But the other &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. My game's real CLA catch catching L's always. &gt;&gt; Yeah, let's go, baby. Um, then this is less about the jiu-jitsu, but something I think is worth talking about. &gt;&gt; Oh, no. &gt;&gt; Mr. Wilson. &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; Mr. Wilson. Dude, this guy is bringing in some lore to the to the Will Wilson uh world of grappling, you know? It's like &gt;&gt; it's all it's all good flavor. &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, we got we got hit to Will Wilson because of Euros and I'm like real interested in keeping watching Will Wilson seeing what he's all about and &gt;&gt; Hawaii's favorite son. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And so we found that we saw that video of him running around, you know, and I was like, "Damn, this dude's crazy." And I I get to the event and I like see Will and I'm like, "Yo, what's up, Will? I'm Trey. Nice to meet you. Like, it's cool to meet you in person, all this, you know." And uh I believe they listen to the podcast sometimes, so be careful what you say next. But uh I'm just kidding. Only good things to say. But he's like, "Dude, you got to meet my dad." And I was like I started shaking in my boots. I was I was like me &gt;&gt; I don't know I don't know if I'm ready on that one. Will &gt;&gt; who? Me? I don't know if I want to meet Mr. Wilson. I'm scared of this guy. But he like tried &gt;&gt; Can I check my tea levels first? Will &gt;&gt; Yeah. He like he tried to go find his dad which I was like Will you didn't have to do that? You're getting ready for a major match. You don't need to go look for your dad. But Will is super cool guy. Super nice. And he like tried to go find him. Couldn't find him. And he was like ah don't worry about it though. You'll know. You'll know who my dad is once the match starts. And so they call out Will Wilson and I just hear this like mix between a howl and a bark and he's just like and it's just like the whole arena. &gt;&gt; There's an echo on it. Right. &gt;&gt; It's just like bouncing around the arena and I was like I think that might be Mr. Wilson. &gt;&gt; Feel like we have found we have located Mr. Wilson. And then like as the match kept going on, you even sent a message and you were like, "I think he has an air horn." And I was like, "No, brother. That's man-made out." &gt;&gt; Dude, he started hitting the fog horn on him and he was just doing the the mouth fog horn going nuts. I was like, "Dude, this guy is incredible. I'm a huge fan of Mr. Wilson." So, I I'm going to say this. Hey, Will, you and your dad are competing for my current favorite of the Wilson family. I haven't met your mom or I don't know if you have other siblings. I want to meet them too because I think this family might be one of the most interesting families in jiu-jitsu right now. &gt;&gt; But but the rankings can change at any time. &gt;&gt; Yeah, the rankings can change at any time. It's a very very tight race. Yeah. So, one good appearance either from Will on the mats or Mr. Wilson from the crowd and that can shift right away. But yeah, dude. Like &gt;&gt; I have a feeling like right before like Will's going to be like walking out for a black belt world final and Mr. Wilson's going to hit the perfect frequency. Yes. &gt;&gt; Uh, holler. And it's it's going to like just supercharge Will to like Super Saiyan 3 and he's going to go out there and like smoke the guy. You know what I mean? It's it's too ingrained. It's already been written. The prophecy's coming. We We just have to be there for it. &gt;&gt; Definitely. You know, Mr. Wilson is about it. He's about that life. He's getting rowdy out there for his boy. I love to see it. So, I don't know. I I want to hang out with these guys, but I don't know if I can hang, to be honest. Like, I got to get my pull-ups up, &gt;&gt; by the way. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I'm You know what? I'm going to commit to working on my pull-ups and my push-ups. So, if I hang with you guys, I can bang them out if it calls for it. &gt;&gt; It very much seems like Will might be the second most fit member of his family. And I haven't met anyone else in his family, so he might be two out of two. &gt;&gt; Imagine he has like a really big family. Like, we need to talk to Will more and figure this out. He might have like five brothers and three sisters and they're all just he's the &gt;&gt; And he might be on bottom. Yeah. Like in terms of athleticism and even Yeah. some of the stuff they're putting out. It is really cool. you know, we we see so often how often jiu-jitsu can bring like fathers and sons together especially, but you know, you know, any parental uh combination there. Uh but always such a cool thing when you see the dad in the workout and like not just in it, but like really going after it and like kind of setting the pace on some of it. &gt;&gt; Uh that's an awesome thing. And yeah, we've talked to, you know, Marine family and and uh always getting after it. Yeah, I think it's like to to I guess just go back to like almost even a hobbyist perspective on jiu-jitsu stuff. I feel like so many people wonder like, "Oh, how can I get my kid to like want to do jiu-jitsu? Like I love jiu-jitsu so much. Like, how can I get my kid to do it?" And really, I don't have a kid. I have a dog that I consider my kid, but she doesn't really like jiu-jitsu. She does dominate at the dog park, though. She'll play guard, she'll pass, doesn't matter. Shout out Kona. She absolutely owns She We have this one guy, Olly. He's on the marketing team. He has his dog, Penny. Kona. Kona would absolutely destroy Penny. You want &gt;&gt; Not true. Not true. &gt;&gt; Not true. &gt;&gt; No, you &gt;&gt; Penny dog walks Kona every day. &gt;&gt; It's just not true. And we're going to we're going to we're going to cut that from the podcast. And it's not true. &gt;&gt; And but you dog walk your dog. So by transitive property, you dogw walk Kona. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; That's what he's saying about Kona. &gt;&gt; I'm cutting all of this. No one No one is going to see this on the show. And honestly, that was incredibly disrespectful for him to come on our show like that and just say something mean. But anyways, &gt;&gt; and untrue. Yeah, back to the par parental thing. Um, it's just like I think like obviously parents want their kids to be interested in what they're interested in, but it's obviously seems to be a very hard thing to do, especially trying to get a kid into jiu-jitsu and it's like, ah, do you want to force this kid to do this? Are they going to get burned out? Maybe they're just not into it. Maybe they want to play football and just take dudes heads off, you know? But whenever you're like Mr. Wilson and Will is, and even like Jeremy Abate and Cole is a it's like we kind of have a great matchup of just like good father-son combos. It feels like in these two where it's like they're in the workouts with their kids, you know? It's like it's not like they're like forcing their kid. This is I don't know to point this out. This is something I always thought was interesting. Even when like when we go to train and stuff, like we go train and the kids class is getting done right before like the the adult class starts. And there's so many parents out there who are just there to like pick up their kid that I've never seen train before. And I always think that's so interesting because it's like obviously you see the value in jiu-jitsu. you see the value in like your kid doing a martial art in like you know committing to this thing but it's like you're not doing it. That's so weird to me. Like I just feel like if you if you're a parent and you're like oh my kid's going to train because I know it's good for them. Why would you also not just train? Cuz it's like you know it's a good thing to do. So I think that's very it's like a weird dynamic that ever made sense. But I think it's like when you're kind of like Jeremy Abate or you're Mr. Wilson and you're kind of like leading from the front and then it's just like now your kid just kind of wants to they want to do what they want. Yeah. It's like they want to like do what their hero does in a way where it's like a cool thing to see for sure where he's like running alongside Will, you know? It's like it's like they're preparing for the world championship together. And I think that is a good combo like you want your kid to do jiu-jitsu, it's like we got to be doing it too, you know? It's like you got to like set the example and then eventually hope that they're going to become a part of it kind of on their own will just because they see you doing it. But I guess that's a little bit of my take on parenting as a guy without any kids. We got Slack who has a kid behind the camera and he's like, "Man, you don't know what the freak you're talking about." But no, I'm just kidding. So, I don't know. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I was a kid. &gt;&gt; You got You don't got any kids either, huh? &gt;&gt; Uh, I was a kids coach for many years and I never answer that question directly at work. Uh, I was a kids coach for many years. Yeah. saw so many great examples of people who could train as hobbyists and train uh uh you know at whatever speed they wanted to. Uh and then also their kid could train at whatever speed they wanted to and it was still something they could share. I don't want anybody to come away from this thing, oh well if I want my kid to be a black belt world champion I got to be a freaking you know in the gym every day. That's also not true. But like the more you can share it and the more that uh you know you can make it a thing that you do together uh you know the family that trains together stays together, right? The more likely you're all going to keep making it a part of part of your lives together, making it a thing that you guys all come back to. Uh and I've seen that be a really wonderful thing for a lot of people. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I guess one more anecdote on this thing is uh Adam Wzinski was in town over the week and I was talking to him about his son Yan, who is one of my best friends in the whole world. I love Yan. Uh &gt;&gt; sleepiest boy in the world. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, I haven't seen him in a Yeah, Yan. Good one. But haven't seen him in a while, but I I need to go see Yan, you know, I miss him. But Adam was here and he was telling me about how uh Yan is training now. I think he's like four years old or so somewhere around there. And obviously I don't think Adam wanted to like force him into it, but of course, you know, how do you not want your son to like train whenever that's kind of your whole life and everything? And he said like I think Adam is like an an unofficial assistant coach now for the kids class at Hybrid, which is really funny to think about. Like Adam Wordzinski is like a kids coach, but it's mainly because like Yan wanted him to like stay around and be there, but he said that Yan has started like wanting to stay for Adam's class and like get to watch his dad do it and stuff. And it's like, dang, that's a that's a cool thing that, you know, it's like he's not forcing Yan to do it, but he's just like naturally kind of be like, well, I did all this training. Now I want to see how dad does it. And then I think like he'll roll with Yan or something at the end. And it's like that's a pretty cool thing. &gt;&gt; That's also such a different calculation, Slack. I'm sure you'll appreciate this. Uh that's such a different calculation when you're Adam Wzinski and your son wants to watch you do jiu-jitsu and watch you in class versus like if if uh Lil Slack Jr. wants to come watch Slack do jiu-jitsu. It's like &gt;&gt; close your eyes, son. Close your eyes. &gt;&gt; How many blue belts do I get to roll with today? You know, it's just like okay, but it's like this guy going to ask me to train. Is that guy going to ask me to train? &gt;&gt; When you're when you're not Adam Warzinski, there's a lot of close your eyes, son. I don't want you to see daddy like this. I don't want you to see daddy like this. on the iPad for this round. That's fine. Yeah, that's fine. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Here we go. Here's like here's 14 screens. Enjoy that. &gt;&gt; Just for this next seven minutes while I'm rolling with this one guy while I'm roll with Nick. &gt;&gt; Uh you can uh Yeah. &gt;&gt; All right. So, any other big things from I guess like um I guess one thing I want to say is obviously I'm a huge fan of JP Tran. I'm still committed to watch JP Tran. Yep. Yeah. Got to got to meet him in person. Cool guy. That JP Tran, he's a cool guy. All right. Simple as that. Um, but then someone was kind of commenting on the post afterwards. They like someone made a joke like, "Oh, Trey's going to be devastated. JP lost." And someone commented and said like, "Maybe you should be watching every AF Alves match." And I just want to point out that it's like I know a lot of jiu-jitsu guys and like watch a lot of jiu-jitsu. I can't watch every single person all the time. And especially when it comes to the youth competitors. I started I committed to watching every JP Tran match because last year during the juvenile grappler of the year awards people said like what why didn't you guys do this or that about JP Tran. So I was like okay if I was uninformed I'm going to try and get informed by watching JP TR. I can't know every single juvenile out there. And Alves obviously a beast obviously a juvenile worth watching but this is the way that you learn new athletes. You have an athlete that you are committed to watching to, someone you know is worth watching, and then someone comes along, competes against them, doesn't even always beat them, but it's like looks good. &gt;&gt; Yes. But looks good. And it's like, okay, now I'm hip to a new person. So now I am hip to Assaf Alves, you know. And I think I I wanted to say that Marcio Andre School, I thought had incredible performances throughout. All of their students look great. Assaf is a Marcio student. Um Yasmin Castro looked great. You know, a bunch of a bunch of great performances there. But the reality is that it's like I do know Assaf now. So you guys don't have to like be upset at me in the comments. But it's like, yeah, this is how it works. Like this is how the game works. I get if you guys are training with us off or you're his parents or his family or like you know, you just saw him already compete against someone you know and now you know him. That's the route of finding people and that's naturally how this works. So it's like yes, I will be watching Assaf Alves and uh you know, I don't know. I just wanted to point that out. I feel a lot of people like to do the like, oh you freaking you didn't blah blah blah. It's like, yeah, you know, there's a natural order. &gt;&gt; Somebody won a match that you hadn't seen do jiu-jitsu before, huh? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Uh yeah, I 100%. Uh like you said, system works. Uh you know, we we were all hip to JP Tran who's had great success and actually they they had a rematch that weekend got that one back, got in the absolute. Uh &gt;&gt; these dudes are crazy. They fight at the IWF Grand Prix and then two days later they're fighting in the Sarah was too orange. &gt;&gt; Yeah. All these people. &gt;&gt; Uh yeah, all these people are super savages. uh and so impressive and staying so busy. JP I know has a lot coming up on the uh on the horizon that we're super excited about. Uh a seif like you mentioned got the win here. &gt;&gt; I'll be watching now for sure. &gt;&gt; Yeah, for sure. So some of the stuff like they pointed out his counter to the cross pants crazy dog pass was nuts. That cage &gt;&gt; the cage the MA cage. I kept seeing Marcio afterwards he was posting all the examples of his students doing this this MA cage. That shit's pretty cool. &gt;&gt; It it's I was playing around with it a little bit after class last night. There's something to this. I got to see what Marcio is teaching about this. &gt;&gt; I guess to just give like a rough breakdown of it far end of the bell curve, you know, the bad end. It's just like it's kind of like a almost false reapish positioning with like &gt;&gt; it's barata platada. It's it's like similarish to a bara plata but also false reapish. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. And then you're able to use that to kind of just like rotate through the position, right? And then come back into your guard. So it's almost like a you just like build this like structural cage in this like bar plata false reapish type of I guess structure and then you kind of invert through it and around in back into guard right from what I can see from it. Do you know any like and like I said maybe you haven't actually looked this deep into it yet or anything. Is there like offensive attacks and stuff from it or &gt;&gt; I think there's a triangle if you can invert all the way through onto it &gt;&gt; almost like the Fabricio Andre triangle. &gt;&gt; Yes. And uh the 360 no scope that John blockheaded trials. great name for it. Uh, and a few other things. Uh, but yeah, I'm still in super early, uh, you know, looks trying to figure every figure figure out all these little details. Going to need Marcio to to come in and explain a few things on that. And yeah, like you said, Marcio Andre School, uh, just is building, building, building. So many young beasts in that school. Luis Victor, I know, took double gold over the weekend in an open. He's super tough. He was in the finals at Euros, rookie black belt. Uh, Tarsissio Santos, I think, is a contender to win worlds this year at lightweight. Uh, rookie black belt, super impressive. So many color belt. Uh, killers with the Nasia Mento siblings. Terry Phipe, uh, Aif Alves, like we mentioned, I could keep naming people here. Yasmin Castro was in in uh, getting some work in this weekend. Uh, she's super talented. Lot of talented people. Mario's building something really cool out there in Phoenix, Arizona. People need to pay attention. &gt;&gt; Sure. Yeah. No, I think that's one we got to hit on Road to Worlds this year if we end up doing like the road trip thing again or I'm not sure how we're going to do Road to Worlds necessarily yet, but it feels like it would make sense to kind of stop through Marcio Andre's school, but we just because we, you know, Yasmin looked great, but also Ashley Fenegger looked great. Like Ashley Fenegger is like another, she's like right there juggernaut that we got. &gt;&gt; It's like like she's one of those like &gt;&gt; just stars now. It's like just watching her and it's just like wow, these Fenegger girls are so good. We also saw Natalie on this card. Um ju they're just so good like so fun to watch like just a great thing for jiu-jitsu especially on the women's side of jiu-jitsu as well like the FGA girls Sarah Galva kind of some of the newer younger generation keep like pushing the sport forward in that way so shout out them as well but what should we talk about now? Should we get into Polaris? &gt;&gt; Let's get into Polaris. &gt;&gt; Let's get into Polaris. So we have Polaris 36 going down. What day specifically is this? March 7th. Yes, Saturday. March 7th. I think it should start &gt;&gt; 8:30 a.m. Central time. 8:30 uh a.m. Central time. Uh going down from Cudden, uh which is in London. Uh yeah, three times. &gt;&gt; You got you got like a London accent in your bag or a British accent. &gt;&gt; Not one that I want to put out there for everybody. Uh &gt;&gt; not one to live in infamy on the internet forever. &gt;&gt; Uh and I've done some stupid stuff on this show, so that should really tell you what territory we're walking through right now. Uh three title fights. Uh Kendall Rusing versus Annabelle, Giani versus Owen, and Shy Garana, who won a qualifier bracket, is going to take on Ethan Krellston. Uh solid mix of super matches. There's no squads event this time. This one's more like a WNO straight up superight show. &gt;&gt; Super Fight Show. Uh and going to be some awesome action, man. There's a reason that Polaris has the reputation of being the best superfight show in the UK, in Europe. Uh and it's because they put on awesome events every single time. If you tune in this weekend, you're going to have an awesome time. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it should be a sick show. Um, I guess just to go into like the the main event, right? Cuz the way they did this main event, it's Ethan Krellson, the current belt holder. Uh, what do you know what weight it is? &gt;&gt; 155. &gt;&gt; 155. Okay. So, lightweight title. Ethan Krellinston, who I think has had pretty good success on Polaris. Like, I think he's been pretty dominant. &gt;&gt; I think so, too. I think he's crushed Polaris. I think he's been a really long reigning champion for them. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And so Shay Garana won a contenders bracket to earn his shot to take on Ethan Krellson at this event which is is a pretty cool way to do it. You know, it's like we did this with Wino 30 to get into the uh the bracket that we were holding the absolute bracket and so now Polar did it this way which I think is pretty sick. You know, giving someone like a bid like that where they earn their shot is cool. Um I think Ethan Krellinston got to be the favorite for this for sure. &gt;&gt; Pretty hefty favorite still. Yeah% um I'm definitely excited. I don't know if I've like has Ethan competed much since &gt;&gt; that's the CJI. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah, I didn't think so. So, it's always cool whenever Ethan's competing. Definitely excited to watch him and you know just excited to see like kind of what type of stuff he's doing now. It's like anytime these guys who are kind of at this upper echelon of the sport haven't competed in a while, I'm always just curious like are they just going to go back to the stuff we know they can do that they're pretty dominant with? Is has Ethan been working on certain things that he's going to showcase? You know, it's like there's a lot of potential for like cool new technique to emerge from these situations, which I kind of think maybe could happen in this match. 100%. Ethan, one of the most prolific uh hunters of the back, finishers from the back that we have in the sport. Uh simple man martial arts, his own Ethan Krellinston. Uh always so impressive to watch. Always somebody who's been able to pick up ton of big wins. Uh I People need to understand Sheay is very good. She's had a lot of success. Sheay was very successful. for example, uh European trials where he made it all the way to the quarterfinals before he lost a very narrow decision to Nico who would go on to win the whole thing. I I believe that uh based off of uh everything that was Nico's closest match. So uh Shay was definitely one of the best guys in that bracket. Now he walks into here, ton of momentum, was able to beat most of the guys in that qualifier bracket by submission. He is a really underrated Belgian guy. Uh only a brown belt, still coming up in the world, so still improving a lot. training under Whim Deputter. Uh people might not be that familiar with Whim, but Whim has some uh crazy training methods and technological insights, technique insights, uh out there. Uh I know that he had a bunch of people doing really well at this last trials as well, including this Estonian woman whose name I forgot off the top of my head, Lisi Vat, who placed uh third. Uh so definitely a gym that's coming up in the world. Excited to see how he can do. Going to be a fun one. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And so we have a few kind of big matches to I guess talk through, but one that I want to talk about just cuz this is a personal interest match. This is this is one where I like both guys. I think both guys are super sick to watch and I think they both do cool stuff, but it's PJ Barge against Shane Fishman. So Shane Fishman is a Canadian grappler, but I think he spends a lot of time in Europe. Uh I've seen him at London Grapple before and stuff, but he specifically is the the move the fishnet is named after Shane Fishman. And I love the fishnet. I'm always trying to play fishnet in uh in training. It's not always the easiest thing to get into. It's kind of like a it's like a lock down where then you like get the leg across your body and you're just kind of like it's almost like if you get into the fishnet. It's pretty much a guaranteed sweep. &gt;&gt; Got to sweep. &gt;&gt; But Shane can do a lot of really cool stuff from the fishnet. He can take the back off of it using the way I've watched some of his videos before. He uses like a lapel grip in the ghee to get into the fishnet and then he's able to like kind of like block off one side where they can't turn back into you using a lapel grip and then he takes the back from there. And I just think it's a super sick thing to do in training. I love whenever I'm getting close to a fishnet. Giving my opponent a fishnet warning. I go ahead and let them know. It's like, "Hey, I'm closing in on the fishnet. There's a fishnet warning." And then you kind of escalate the threat level, you know, and it's like, "All right, fishnet imminent. The fishnet is imminent." And then boom, fishnet engage. Full warning system. And then you sweep them. That's a little That's a little fun little thing I like to do. But I love watching Shane. Uh I think his technique is super cool. And then PJ Bartch. Everybody knows how sick PJ Bart is. &gt;&gt; Everybody loves PJ. Uh I know PJ got uh uh you know clowned on a little bit recently for entering the ACC Open, but I mean everybody still knows PJ's one of the best in the world. He's there kind of messing around. Got caught in a uh in a little shootout being playful. Being a little playful guy. Uh &gt;&gt; this is a uh &gt;&gt; the P and PJ stands for playful. &gt;&gt; There you go. uh this one not going to be such a playful guy uh coming in uh you know always super professional always super prepared and I think that we're probably going to see one of the best versions of him right PJ's a guy who I'm always excited to see a little bit more often I'm excited to see the technical innovations that he does super CLA focused uh at this point uh love watching PJ fight right and I think Shane with a different kind of guard for for PJ to play around with uh these guys are going to bring out the best in each other &gt;&gt; yeah I think for me this one if on the slobber knocker scale might be the it might be tipping the the scales for me a little bit on I think this one's a a potential slobber knocker I think this match could be cool I don't know if it's going to be &gt;&gt; this one has us drooling &gt;&gt; yeah I don't know if it's going to be it might not be like the craziest like Andrew Takuo dudes are flying around and dynamic and stuff but I just think it's going to like we're going to see some really cool jiu-jitsu between Shane and PJ so I'm excited for that one um &gt;&gt; I would love to see what would happen if PJ ended up in a fishnet because &gt;&gt; I know that's that's what like I guess excites me about it where it's like I do think PJ's going to have something for it, you know, whether it's like somehow some crazy counter leg lock or some like wild thing like I feel like he could. That's why it kind of excites me, you know? &gt;&gt; I agree. If anybody does, it's probably PJ, right? You know, he's working with a bunch of really intelligent coaches. He's a really intelligent coach. Uh if he's able to if if it's out there to be figured it out, uh to be figured out, uh I think PJ is one of the guys to do it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. All right. And another big match, Owen Jones versus Giani Grippo. Now, we know how one commenter feels about this. He's gonna comment four times and he's gonna say various accounts from he's gonna say the same thing pretty much each time. Um, how do you feel about this match? &gt;&gt; I actually am pretty excited about this match. Uh, both these guys are such quality opponents. Uh, I feel like they've chirped at each others before and uh, we've Were we supposed to have this match on WL? &gt;&gt; Yeah, this was this is a match that's been supposed to happen a a couple times at least and it's always ended up escaping. Like I think it was Owen who couldn't make it the last time. &gt;&gt; Visa issues were an issue. &gt;&gt; Something like that. &gt;&gt; Uh and so uh finally able to make this happen on Owen's home turf. It's a home game for Owen Jones it looks like. Uh back there in the UK, not Atlanta. Uh not at Magic City. Not a Magic City uh special for Owen Jones. Uh he is &gt;&gt; the true home game. &gt;&gt; The true home game. Yeah. If you want him to get any power up bonus anywhere, put it in the uh the the parking lot of Magic City. Uh yeah, Owen is great submission hunter, great guard, great when he catches onto things. Giani maybe a little bit more of a positional game. Kind of tries to pressure his way through the guard with some of the more uh intricate Noi type passing that I feel like you see. His leg drags and his smashes are really, really powerful. Just saw him place at the World Championships, the black belt level. That was super impressive. This might be Owen's black belt debut match, by the way. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Cuz he got his black belt finally. Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, there you go. Black belt uh debut here for Owen Jones. &gt;&gt; Going to be excited to see that one. Know the crowd's going to be going nuts for it both ways. Know the comment section is going to be going nuts in at least one very specific way. &gt;&gt; Uh and uh yeah, let's let's see how these guys shape up on uh on Saturday. It's a 50-50 match. There's people are trying to tell you they know how this match is going to play out. They're lying. They're lying. &gt;&gt; Don't believe them, dude. Trust no one. Um, then another big match, Kendall Rusing versus Annabelle Lopez Beard. This is for the openweight title. Really? I'm really excited. &gt;&gt; What What gets you amped up about it? I think this match, it gets me. I'm very excited to see how Annabelle does specifically because I feel like Annabelle has been very impressive, but I feel like she's been very impressive without facing like a top three, top four type of opponent. Somebody who's been able to win a black belt world title like Kendall, somebody who's been able to place at the ADCC World Championships like Kendall has been able to do. I think that uh this is also a chance for Kendall to reestablish she is one of the best in the world, right? She's somebody who takes uh long stretches of time off. Uh you know, sometimes that's uh injury related and that's always very unfortunate. Sometimes it's uh her just picking her spots. That's okay. That's understandable. But I always get the feeling that she's just right around the best in the world, but is never able to finally put her herself over that and stamp it that she is the dominant number one force. She's always just kind of stuck in that uh uh uh pecking order up there where it's a little bit uh hard to tell. I think whoever wins is going to make an enormous statement, especially an enormous statement right before ADCC. I think whoever wins this match, I think, is announcing that they're going to be a huge factor and a uh one of the favorites at ADCC. If Annabelle can win this, she can win ADC. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And so this is Kindle's return match since 2024, right? I don't think she did she compete at all in 2025. &gt;&gt; She did NOGI Worlds, I think, in 2024 as well, but I don't think she competed in 2025. &gt;&gt; Uh and uh uh or no, she she was supposed to do Nogie Worlds, but then she didn't. She might have done NOGI Worlds in 2023. Something like that. Uh yeah, but it's been a long time off. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, I'm pretty sure. And it's like, do you know from that that video Michelle did she didn't compete at all in 2025? Yeah. So she was away from competition all of 25 25 which is obviously a huge deal for a competitor like you said kind of it's like can be different reasons you know I think also Kendall just like leans in she's been leaning into a lot of the media stuff as well &gt;&gt; that's what it is I think it's a lot more it's like her just picking her spot &gt;&gt; yeah just kind of like establishing herself more as like a media presence as well doing commentary a lot of stuff like that but you you have to assume that she's probably pretty amped up wanting to make a big statement in her return back but she has a pretty game opponent in Annabelle here um another uh big match is Sarah Galva versus Libby Ginge, right? In the bantamweight division. These are all Nogi, by the way. I don't know if the These are all Noi matches. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we do not know 100% how to say Libbyy's last name. I I'm guessing that you also are not 100% sure. No, I'm not. &gt;&gt; Uh so yeah, it's Libby versus Sarah. Libby uh actually got uh world ranked there for a second at 135 pounds. She had a great uh Nogi Pans, I think it might have been, or or Nogi Euros where she beat some really tough people. Uh, and she is definitely one of the better noi upandcomers in the UK. And what do you have when you what do you do when you have one of the best noi upandcomers on the continent? Put him against one of the best in the world. Let's see what happens. Right. Honestly, uh, and Sarah has signed a Polaris contract. I believe this is her first time on Polaris. Uh, we've already talked about how she's one of the shining stars of the sport right now. It's always so impressive to see her out there. Uh, and this is going to be a chance to see her in a a new context, a new little format in the UK. Excited to see this her and Libby &gt;&gt; definitely. And then, uh, the final super fight on the main card is going to see Ross Nichols and Sam Gibson's, a couple OGs in the UK scene. Ross Nichols, an ADCC veteran, uh, been holding it down on the UK scene for a long time. Um, trains out of London Grapple. I believe Sam Gibson is out of Arma. That's the gym that Fon Davis is the, uh, the head coach at. kind of that new really sick looking gym. Like it does look amazing. &gt;&gt; Looks like an equinox for jiu-jitsu, you know, like super sick looking. But so I think that's a pretty cool. Couple OG UK guys throwing it down. But overall, I think it's going to be a sick card. You know, like I said, March 7th, &gt;&gt; big prelim card available uh live exclus live on YouTube as well. &gt;&gt; David Cartrite's competing on the uh the prelim. That's uh Owens coach who gave him his black belt. So I'm kind of that's one of my my prelim ones I've I've marked. I'm excited to watch to see David Cartwright compete on there. Um, but yeah, March 7th, it starts at 8:30 Central time, right, is what it was. 8:30 central time, which if you ask me, that's a great time for a jiu-jitsu card. I love waking up like on a Saturday morning and just immediately knowing that I can just turn on Flow Grappling and start watching some jiu-jitsu right away. &gt;&gt; It's like being a little kid with your cartoons. &gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. Yeah. This is adult jiu-jitsu guy cartoons. Saturday morning cartoons. Just get you a little coffee, you know, freaking whatever supplements you like to enjoy with your coffee and then start watching some jiu-jitsu on Flow Grappling, you know, however you like creatine, but whatever you boys are taking. You know what I'm saying? Wink wink. But, uh, I'm stoked for it. &gt;&gt; I'm pumped. I got my lighter. I got my spoon. I can't wait. &gt;&gt; Yeah. All right. Well, I think that pretty much wraps it up for us here. We We have some big WO stuff coming out as well. So, we've announced we're about to announce the second uh member of the youth bracket. &gt;&gt; We're doing that. Are we doing that today? &gt;&gt; Yeah, we'll post it today. Yeah. So, it's like the first one we announced is what was the first one we announced? J Ortiz. We announced J Ortiz for this 145 lb youth bracket. And today, we're announcing JP Tran. All right. &gt;&gt; Snap. &gt;&gt; And listen, I'll say this. The JP and JP TR stands for he was just playing before, but he ain't no more. All right. So, this one's this one's getting down to brass tack. We are making him go by AP AB Tran on this one cuz he's all business. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. He's gone from J playing TR to all business Tran. &gt;&gt; Uhhuh. So, we got AB Tran. He'll be announced today. Um, and then a couple more big names coming for this bracket. &gt;&gt; This is going to be the best team bracket in the history of jiu-jitsu. &gt;&gt; Okay, &gt;&gt; that I'm I'm willing to put my name on that. Uh, this we got the four guys that we wanted. Uh, super exciting. All been proven against high level elite opposition. All four of these guys have future black belt ADC world champion written all over them. Uh one night bracket. We have the right rule set. We have the right guys. This is going to be the best team bracket of all time. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So super sick. Keep your eye out for more of those announcements coming. But I think that's all we got for you guys today. Thank you for tuning in and watching and we'll see you guys in the next episode.