Kind: captions Language: en All right. What's up everybody? Welcome to a special edition of the Flow Grappling Show here. Obviously, we got Big Reed. I'm Uncle Trey. Mix it up on them this time. But not always. Do you do a podcast in front of a castle? You know, a castle cast, if you will. You know, you want to tell the people where we are right now. &gt;&gt; Ah, I I forget how to even pronounce it. What is it? Kapili. &gt;&gt; Kapili. &gt;&gt; Maybe that was a little too Irish with it. &gt;&gt; Kapili. Uh, you know, this is a I believe this castle behind us uh built in like the 13th century. Uh, so so very very old castle here. Incredible town. We're in South Wales Philly. Uh, beautiful day here in South Wales. We just wrapped up Polaris 35 yesterday. Epic, epic show. Team WNO versus team Polaris. Uh, great time. We had to kind of come out here and check out a little bit, you know, of what Wales had to offer. And so we had to come check out &gt;&gt; a castle. and we're bringing you guys along with us. So, hope you appreciate it. &gt;&gt; We'll get into recapping the event and all that. I got to ask, what's your favorite century for castles? &gt;&gt; My favorite century for castles. &gt;&gt; I mean, I've been dying to ask you, Reed. &gt;&gt; H 13th century. Look looking pretty good. Looking pretty good here to me. &gt;&gt; For sure. One of the best centuries. &gt;&gt; They got that leaning tower, &gt;&gt; you know. I don't I don't know if you guys can see it. Can they see it? Yeah, you guys can kind of see it. &gt;&gt; Got a steeper grade than the leaning tower of pizza. um just beautiful to be honest here and uh just an incredible castle. It's got this huge moat around the entire thing. So, you know, one of the perks of the job it's obviously we're living the dream out here. We get to do jiu-jitsu, travel the world, and see some of the you know, some of these uh incredible sites that the world has to offer. And uh you know, this is just another example of it for sure. One problem though I do have with castles, you know, um deep, you know, deep if you look real far back into the uh the Robinson, you know, ancestors and all that, I got I got a little Viking blood in me and I see a castle, I want to take it. Like I want to run that castle [laughter] by by daybreak. You know what I mean? It's just it's just something in my jeans. But I'll try to refrain. &gt;&gt; No, I have a lot of ancestry from Cork, Ireland. Oh, really? Actually, yeah. Yeah. when we kind of mapped it all back and when we went to Ireland and I went when I won the Irish Open uh back in the day. I don't know if you guys remember that. Yeah. &gt;&gt; But uh &gt;&gt; people saying Reed didn't doesn't compete. &gt;&gt; Doesn't compete. Irish Open champion here, brother. You know, Mexico City, &gt;&gt; the Irish Open champions you guys know. &gt;&gt; I know one [laughter] and a bunch more if I just start thinking about it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Richie B probably &gt;&gt; I assume [laughter] Don probably won that one. Rosa Walsh, I assume. &gt;&gt; Yeah, probably tons of them. Tons of them. [laughter] Yeah, come to think of it. Shoot this way a little. I think I'm cast a shadow. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I was trying to catch that sun and like I said, beautiful day here in Wales. The the sun is setting. Uh so yeah, but Cork, Ireland. Never been there. We went to Dublin, but I never got over to Cork. But um &gt;&gt; I've always wanted to go to Dublin. Cork. I've been to Dublin. I want to go to Cork and Stab City. It's uh one of my favorite which I think might be Cork. I don't know. &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. I was thinking Slab City in California. &gt;&gt; I want to go there, too. But let's get into just talking about Polaris. You know, obviously this was our first time at Polaris. uh your first time as well, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like I said, I kind of been talking about this all all week and everything like that. You know, it's I I've been been blessed to cover the the sport of jiu-jitsu for the last, you know, 10 plus years and travel the world and get to go to Copa Podio and get to go to ADCC and events, you know, CASAI and obviously IBGF Worlds and just kind of see some of the greatest jiu-jitsu events of all time and and and you know, really get &gt;&gt; feel privileged to be kind of Matt side to to see these athletes kind of accomplish their dreams at u at such big events and stuff like that. And obviously we we've always watched Polaris from from afar for for a long time, but I've never actually, you know, been lucky enough to to get out there and uh and check it out. So uh you know, obviously now Polaris back on flow and uh had to jump at the opportunity to see one of the the best, you know, longest reigning superfight shows in the world. It's really it's it's incredible. &gt;&gt; It's expanded beyond just being the one of the best shows in Europe. Like it is just straight up. If you love jiu-jitsu and you're not watching Polaris, then boy oh boy do I have a treat for you. Polaris is incredible to watch. Like go watch all the old events. Go watch everything. Like it's a it's it's a sick show. Like especially like all the people who have been on Polaris at this point in time, you know, like like &gt;&gt; Gary Paul was Paul Harris on. So it's like there's some like historic &gt;&gt; Yeah. One one of the greatest jiu-jitsu matches of all time really, you know, in the in the pantheon of of jiu-jitsu. Uh Husamar Paul Harris versus Gary Tonin. you know, I still go back and watch that match, you know, like once a year or something like that. It's just a fun one. But and you really just have to commend the all the guys who um who put together Polaris. You know, we've seen so many uh jiu-jitsu events come and go over these last 10 years. It's it's hard. It is it is a very difficult thing. I don't think people quite realize how hard it is to run a niche sport show like like a jiu-jitsu superfight show. and they've been doing it consistently for the last 10 years and they've been doing it consistently just an incredible show, you know, and uh you know, so shout out to all the Tatami guys and and the Scramble guys. Um, you know, they they've been they've been doing some some incredible work over the years and and I really can't commend them, you know, enough for for what they do to be honest cuz cuz we run obviously WNO and and we get to see a lot of the behind the scenes of BJ Stars and, you know, all the events and, you know, it's hard. So, so for these guys to still be trucking along, still be putting on great shows, still be still showcasing the best European talent that's out there, you know, it's just u, you know, my hats off to them. For sure. for sure. And so this one, it was an epic one to, you know, make uh its debut back on flow. Team WO going up against team Polaris. Like obviously a friendly brand versus brand type of thing where we brought in some WO guys. They brought in some Polaris guys and had an epic squads kind of as the main event. And then also a couple sick super fights where I don't even think they meant to do this. We were asking them about it and they were like, "Oh, I guess it is Australia versus Norway for the super fights where it was a Dell Fornino versus Selma and then Levi Jones Liry versus uh Davis Assari." Both not just Australians and Norwegians, but Australians that train together and Norwegians that train together quite often. So, that was cool to see. But I guess where do you want to start? You want to talk about the squads or you want to talk about the super fights? &gt;&gt; Yeah, let's maybe just dive in the super fights first. Uh maybe just first off the bat, you know, I was one of the big reasons why I wanted to come too for sure is to see Levi Jones Liry. Levi is just one of my favorites. He's just one of the most genuine, authentic people in jiu-jitsu. He he lives the life that he that he says he does, you know, and um I just I just love talking with with Levi. Such has such a unique perspective on on jiu-jitsu and and the community and everything like that. And um so I was really really excited to see Levi. Obviously I haven't seen him in in a year plus two two years almost, I think. Yeah. Um, and he's coming back against, you know, a young, hungry dude who's trying to make a name for himself. Davis Casari. Obviously, he's been training out there with with the Kingsway crew, really upping his game, and and he's had some very impressive performances on, you know, at the ADCC Trials and and some other super fight shows and things like that. So, I was really jacked to see uh to see Levi come back again. But, uh, yeah, I don't know. What What did you think of of Levi's performance? You obviously got the victory. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, obviously this was Levi's return since DJI won, which is like that's too long to go without Levi Jones Liry on the mats, you know, to see him out there competing. &gt;&gt; Like, like you said, Levi is one of my favorite competitors to watch. Just one of my favorite people in the world to be honest. Just a such an eccentric like wild dude who's just kind of doing his own thing. Like I love watching his freestyle videos when he's just out when he was in New York just like battle rapping people and stuff. It's like this dude's wild, man. This guy's like running side quests that people only dream of. &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's just like, you know, Adam, too. We We talk a lot about Adam. We love Adam, too. And it's just like these guys that that just really have these unique perspectives and, you know, &gt;&gt; kind of doing their thing. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I really appreciate that that they're really able to kind of like show who who their authentic selves are through this art of jiu-jitsu. It's incredible. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, the superight format for Polaris is they've adopted the three fiveminute rounds. And so, basically, we saw it went to decision. We saw Levi and Davis uh do all three rounds. And basically each round I feel like was kind of the same. You know, it came out Levi immediately pulling and kind of playing guard like he does, you know, but then I think like the more evolved version of Levi that we saw is like his willingness to now kind of like wrestle up or sweep off of his guard, like use it to actually come up and then immediately get into like a top game and some passing. His passing was incredible. Yeah. Watching Levi pass in this one, like it was kind of he he would basically like like bid his time, you know, throughout each round, get to it. It felt like he was getting to like a certain time into the round, like maybe like 2 minutes left in the round or something, like 3 minutes in, and then he would like sweep, come on top, and then he just does this little like like knee shuffle pass where he kind of like gets in between uh Davis's legs or gets Davis's legs in between him, and then he just kind of like shuffles his leg and then just floats over it and just boom, now he's just right on the other side kind of into almost like a uh like a neon belly like closed position, blocking off Davis's legs from retaining and then kind of getting into a side control And then I think he mounted, right? Did he mount? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, I think he mounted a couple times there. And yeah, I think I I remember that third round he had a he had a pat just such smooth jiu-jitsu. Levi has, you know, and that that third round I remember remember I believe he kind of did that. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's doing he's really doing kind of like Merillo Santana kind of kind of 101 passing. I I feel like, you know, it really was sort of a passing clinic. I think if like if you're trying to work on on your passing and things like that, especially obviously Noi, you know, you definitely got to watch this this Levi Jones Liry match and and he's got some incredible details and I think, you know, it's a it's it feels like a lot coming from Marillo Santana and obviously he trained for a long time with Marlo Santana now back in Australia training with Lachland Giles and stuff like that. So, I wasn't quite sure what we're going to see. Are we going to see some Merllo stuff? Are we going to see some locky locks and some leg locks and stuff? But you can tell that obviously Levi's been working a lot on his passing. And there was one in the third third period where he kind of like windshield wipered over Davis's legs like kind of past past his knee and I just like audibly was likeoo so smooth, you know, and just knowing knowing how good Davis is and everything like that and it just like man that was that was some smooth jiu-jitsu. That's that's what I love to watch. &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's just like buttery as can be. Like it's the type of passing where it's like you just kind of like feel so lowkey even though you're just kind of like dissecting someone's guard. Like if you pull that off in the gym, I feel like that's one where dude's going to be like, "That was sick, dude. [laughter] All right, you got you got me there, you know? I couldn't do nothing about that." But yeah, it was great seeing Levi come back. I thought he looked incredible and he kind of talked beforehand about like he was going to show like more of his passing and stuff like that and he kind of did that. So, I think it really uh went to plan and I mean hopefully, yeah, this is the spark of seeing a lot more Levi all over the place. &gt;&gt; Now he now he's the champion. So, you know, middleweight champion. So, hopefully we get to see him, you know, defend his belt against some some fun names in the future here and and hopefully we see a lot more of Levi cuz yeah, I I just don't think we see enough of that guy and and jiu-jitsu needs needs personalities like him, you know. So, &gt;&gt; and so then the other super fight, Adele Forino versus Selma. Yeah, we got to kind of move through this a little a little quick. The the sun is setting kind of right behind us here. &gt;&gt; Behind the castle. How we doing on Let me get up in here real quick. Let me bump this up. &gt;&gt; We're bumping it up. We're making some uh adjustments here on the fly. But that's what you get with a kind of a public podcast, you know. &gt;&gt; Trying to get one of these Welsh guys to walk by and get them on here here. &gt;&gt; Yeah. See if they were cheering for team Polaris or Team W. But um yeah, you want to walk us through kind of the Adele match? You went two rounds before? &gt;&gt; Went two rounds. Yep. Absolutely. And you know, obviously, man, Adele is just on fire right now, you know, and uh she's just submitting girls left and right, and she's really just kind of like really separating herself from the pack. But, you know, that being said, I was impressed with Selma Vic. Obviously, I think it was a big step up in competition for her. Um, but that first round was pretty close. You know, I thought that Selma had some some good looks and things like that. Adele did end up winning the the the first round, but I thought it was a very close round and that Selma was, you know, representing herself very very well. And and I was obviously it seemed like Adele was kind of trying to to work some more passing, work some more top control. She's obviously known as a guard player, known as a leg locker. she's had some, you know, extremely quick finishes on on the on the legs and it looked like she kind of wasn't really interested in that maybe um for this match and she wanted to kind of show off a little bit of more of a top game and try to chase the back and try to get that finish from the back which she ended up uh getting, you know, and um like I said, Selma put up a great fight, but it came down to uh kind of Adele taking the back towards the end and um and getting that rear naked choke finish and um so yeah, just another incredibly impressive performance from Adele Forino, you know, she's just on fire right now and can't wait to see her at 80CC again and everything like that. So, um, yeah. Yeah, great performance from Adele. &gt;&gt; Definitely. Yeah, it was, you know, Adele's best in the world right now for a reason. You know, she kind of obviously comes out and just seems to dominate everybody at this point. Like, I think it's only really like Fon that we've seen recently that she didn't she lost to or didn't even just completely dominate, you know? So, you know, I don't know. I don't know. The world is Adele's oyster, I think. And I guess like a quick thing I do want to address cuz I feel like people are just going to be like, "Oh, address this." You know, Adele had some stuff she wanted to say in the post-match interview. To be honest, all this stuff going on in the jiu-jitsu world, we don't know this information right now. Like, us personally, like I don't know. I'm just hearing rumors stuff. So, it's not something I'm comfortable speaking on yet. I think Adele might know more a little closer to it and stuff. If you want to hear the thoughts on that, then go watch her match. It's on our YouTube and the postmatch interview is on there as well. So like hear it from Adele. I think at this point in time it makes more sense to hear from her then for us to just talk on speculation and all that and as we know more things and more things are solidified and everything then yeah maybe we can talk on it. But I'm just not comfortable talking on it right now whenever I don't actually know any facts. But I recommend if you do want to hear that stuff then go listen to her postmatch interview. Like we can't talk about it better than Adele can at this point in time. So yeah to address that. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. I just want to say that, you know, I I obviously just really appreciate that Adele is kind of using her her um you know, gold medals and her status in the sport to to really kind of try to to make a change, you know, and uh you know, you got to really respect that. She's she's putting herself out there and and you know, who knows what's going to happen from here, but but I think Adele is is the person who you kind of want to be the spokesperson for for our community, you know, and especially for the women in jiu-jitsu. She's she's an incredible role model. So, yeah, like Trey said, if you haven't seen her postmatch interview thoughts, um, you know, it's really worth checking out and really just getting hip to to what's going on here in the jiu-jitsu community. We all want this thing to be u inclusive and inviting for everybody. You know, I truly believe that jiu-jitsu can change the world and, you know, we we've all got to work at it together and um, you know, I guess we'll leave it there and and like I said, go go watch Adele's um, postmatch interview. She definitely had some had some um well articulated thoughts and she's going to be a thought leader in this time that we're in right now in jiu-jitsu for for for you know um years to come of course and so uh I just appreciate what what Adele is doing and she's putting her neck out there and she she really wants to make a change and I I think it's warranted. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And so now as a visual transition of us moving into the squads match up, I'm going to go backwards hat type of guy. And that's really to try and not block off your face as much in the in the sun. I'm struggling to not block you. &gt;&gt; Well, I said my hats my hat was off to the uh Polaris guys and you said me too. And so &gt;&gt; Oh shit. [laughter] &gt;&gt; So but you had your hat was on. So &gt;&gt; yeah, this is devastating. &gt;&gt; We'll cut that part out. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm going to AI my hat off [laughter] my head. I'm going to have the sickest flowing hair, dude. But uh yeah, let's let's talk about the squads match up because we are fighting the sun right now. You know, you think you can beat the sun? You think you're stronger than the sun, dude? No chance. Impossible. But Polaris versus W and O. Two stack teams. All right. These teams were electric. I think to kick it off, I want to talk about the contrast in this team and then maybe we can kick it off with kind of how it ended cuz I did think the ending was like kind of epic. You know, it came down to like this last second thing. But just to start, man, you go into the warm-up area for team Europe or team Polaris. Bunch of these European guys, a lot of London dudes, you know, Santi was in the mix, too. Lucas Canard, you know, these boys are jokesters. I mean, [laughter] these guys are just like, you walk into their warm-up area and just everyone's taking the piss out of each other, [laughter] you know? Everyone's just like making jokes and like like I walk in and I'm like, "Hey, Taylor, can I interview you?" And he's just like cracking jokes and he's like, "Oh, hey, mate. interview Christian Olsbeck, he like all [laughter] this all this British slang and stuff, you know, and then you go into the W team. &gt;&gt; Very stark contrast to what the WO team was doing. Obviously WWO team is a little bit more I mean I guess there's Australians you you know it's like you can't really nail down the uh the nationalities but you know the WO team definitely felt like they were taking it a lot more seriously you know and they were really locked in and really focused you know and trying to to drill backstage and get into their game and get into into their their flow and their zone you know and it was quiet and it was and it was intense you know and then you would go over to the players room and everybody's just messing around and just like making jokes with each other and stuff like that. Obviously, it seemed like those team Polaris guys are are real close to each other. A lot of them train together and stuff like that. So, that they they know each other really well, but it was really funny seeing the kind of uh disparity between the two and and even kind of going into it, I was like, "Oo man, WO looks locked in. I Polaris boys, I think you guys kind of need to lock in a little bit more because WO is coming for blood, you know, &gt;&gt; and boy oh boy is there egg on our feet. [laughter] It turns out these these Polaris dudes operate very well when they're being silly goosees. You know, this was a silly goose time for Polaris team and they got it done. Polaris ended up getting the win. I think they won 14 to 12. But the way the squads worked is like the you do 45minute halves and the clock is like counting up while the matches are going on. Similar to soccer, it just runs. And when it got to the second half, it it ended up coming down to the next to last match was Centuri versus DeAndre Corby. Century beat uh Lucas LRA, right, to to get and then they sent out DeAndre. So I think we were down maybe two or down I think. Yeah, down two at that point. And &gt;&gt; or maybe just one I think. Maybe it was like 10 to 11 or something or &gt;&gt; or 11 to 12 or something. &gt;&gt; I guess it would have had to have been one. I don't know. You guys can watch. It's a bit it's a bit of a blur, you know. It was an intense uh intense show, you know, and it's like even even being there Matt side, you know, and obviously we were pulling a little bit for for WO, honestly, &gt;&gt; especially because once we rolled up and every single dude told us they want Polaris like, "Okay, fine. I'm rolling with WO for honestly at the end of the day, we just want to see good jiu-jitsu, you know, and and that delivered." So, you know, hats off to the Polaris guys for taking the win. It is fun to like back a team also though, you know. So I was kind of like, okay, the like the Welsh crowd is all Polaris and the Polaris guys are like obviously we want Polaris. So I'm like, all right, I'll get behind my team, too. Like sometimes you're scared to like be like, no, I I want this team to kill this team, but I was like, no, that that's the vibe then, you know, just for funsies. Obviously, we we like those guys a lot. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we try not to we try not to kind of openly root for people during matches &gt;&gt; secretly. [laughter] um you know try to just let it play out you know but &gt;&gt; that next to last match where if DeAndre was able to submit Santi they would get three points putting us in the lead you know like going into like what I think like by the time that match ended Sant DeAndre I think there was like a minute and a half left or something &gt;&gt; two like yeah like a minute 55 seconds or something and and it's 90 seconds I think was like the cut off to whether or not they get you get points yeah for for the winner and stuff &gt;&gt; um &gt;&gt; and so it was like it was intense where it was like oh my god DeAndre can pull this off and &gt;&gt; I'm sitting there I'm sitting there Matt's side you know the the the the English guys are screaming just don't get submitted just don't get submitted and we win you know and it's like the clock's going the points are there on the mat you're kind of watching that clock the the the bigger clock you know the points you know it was just like there's only three minutes left four minutes left you know like it was kind of chaos there at the end and and we were just like get the choke come on come on you can get the choke you know and obviously Century was able to to get out and uh and DeAndre didn't get the choke and and that was kind of really the the the crux of the end of the of the um the whole team duels basically was like everybody was kind of really needing DeAndre to to submit Centurion. Obviously Century a lot bigger than uh than DeAndre and uh you know didn't didn't work out and then Taylor Pman went out against DeAndre afterwards and Taylor got that kind of twominute victory. It was a quick quick match. I I remember how the scoring was now when it was going into DeAndre Century. We were down two and so he needed to submit him to put us ahead one with this last like uh last match basically as time would run out. But he didn't submit him, but he did win the match. So he got one. That put us back only down one point going into the final minute and a half Taylor versus DeAndre. Cuz if DeAndre could at least pull out the decision over Taylor, it would have tied and they would have had to fight again. They both captain they would then have to go into a super fight to decide the winner but it was Taylor who was able to get the decision in that last one which ended up putting them up to for the final score. That's how it played out. But any of the any other just like because we're running out of time, we can't go through everything, but any like big performances or takeaways from just like overall in the squads match? &gt;&gt; I will say that I think the guy who really impressed me the most is uh Owen O Flanigan. You know, I just was so impressed with Owen and um you know, we we haven't seen a whole lot of Ono Flanigan. You know, I know he just had that great match against uh Jonath Gracie where he was able to submit Jonath Gracie and and that was definitely kind of like a a light bulb, I think, in our minds where it's like, whoa, you know, nobody submits Jonas Gracie. Nobody takes him down and passes his guard and and submits him. Like that just doesn't happen really to Jonath Gracie. Mika Gavval couldn't really do that. So, the fact that Owen was able to do that, it was like, whoa, maybe maybe Owen is is really kind of starting to kind of like, you know, turn over that hump to be like extremely elite. You know, obviously I know he's he's one of the best grapplers in the UK here and has been for a little while, but now &gt;&gt; he's an ADC medalist, &gt;&gt; but it just felt like it was like, oh, okay, even as an ADCC medalist, as a guy that like, you know, a lot of people do know and is notorious now, it's like, this guy's underrated. this guy needs to be in the talks of like, you know, that upper echelon of like all the grapplers in the world like and just like the fact that he was so good at wrestling. &gt;&gt; I was so impressed. I was so impressed with his wrestling, you know, and and not that really anybody on team know. I mean, I think DeAndre probably has the best wrestling maybe uh on team WO, but it just felt like any time anybody was on the feet with Owen, he just was kind of two steps ahead, you know, the way he was uh yeah, the way he was just kind of crowding their their head and and faking to the legs and faking to the upper body. it really kind of I I feel like um messed up the the kind of flow of the WNO team, you know, because they were expecting him maybe to pull guard and just attack the legs and stuff like that, but his wrestling was so impressive and he maybe hit one of the craziest takedowns I've ever seen on Lucas LRA. I was like inches from from the takedown and and maybe if we download the clip off Polaris's Instagram and show it because it was like that was crazy. We spun like four times and then Lucas Lero just direct face to Matt like it was like a little bit of a scary like oh my god is he going to be okay. We talked to Lucas afterwards he was like no I'm good. I was definitely like in the moment but you know I'm good. I don't &gt;&gt; Yeah he said he said he was all right afterwards and everything like that and and Owen ended up did getting the submission on Lucas Lra got the submission on Declan Moody. You know things are a little different. These guys are some some guys are are tired. you know, some, you know, I think Declan had done two matches or one match before and and Lucas as well. So, you know, things are a little different, but but that makes it fun. It does make the opportunity for submission uh a little bit more prevalent, but uh just just again I was so impressed with Owen Flanigan and and I told him after, man, just just sick jiu-jitsu, dude. Just sick um you know, just like submission first jiu-jitsu. So, uh I I was really really impressed with him. I really hope we get to see a lot more of this dude in the future. Uh it seems like he's not traveling a whole lot, but hopefully he does because uh I I think Owen has all the tools to be 80C champion or champion or whatever he wants to be to be honest. Like uh that's some of the sickest jiu-jitsu I've seen this year. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And then another I feel like big moment maybe like the biggest like uh swing for team Polaris kind of probably contributed to them winning. Like Owen I think had a he might had a couple submissions for sure. He he ended up, you know, getting the team trophy for most valuable grappler. &gt;&gt; Oh, no. Flaging or Yeah, &gt;&gt; they gave it to him. But then Owen Jones uh he ended up coming out and submitting Devonte, which gave him three points as like the size discrepancy. And you know, worth noting that uh even Owen and all of the other the Polaris team, they admitted that Owen came out there and got him at one HP. You know, Devonte [laughter] has done like a couple matches and was obviously tired and just had some hard-fought matches. racked up a couple points for for WNO. Kind of like did his job, you know. I was like, that's that's what I wanted from Devonte right there. You know, come out. Don't let these guys push you around, Dvonte. Throw him into a damn table, dude. [laughter] Show what a little bit of American grit tastes like, you know. And uh he did that, but then Owen Owen caught him at one HP. just kind of came in after basically this dude's been in dog fights and just kind of like, you know, &gt;&gt; Yeah. Owen was all &gt;&gt; toppled him over there when he was already falling off the cliff. But &gt;&gt; Owen smelled blood in the water, you know, and and he was he was all Yeah. Yeah. He was he was hustling, man. And he was on the back early and Devonte got out and then he got the back again, you know, and it was just like, oh man, like Owen is just all over Devonte. And you could just see like every moment that passed, Devonte was just losing HP. as it went and then he sat back on the legs there. &gt;&gt; It was their whole corner was like their corner was hilarious. Mainly their corner was just telling the other guy to admit that they're tired, you know, just kind of joking with the the W guy who's out there just trying to get in their head. But their corner was just like and they also are so casual whenever they said everything. They'd be like, "Hey Owen, if you feel like it, man, you could backstep into the legs and probably submit him there." And then he just [laughter] did that. I was like, "Oh my god." All right. These guys are so goofy. They're so like they just joke about everything. don't have a care in the world and they're just so good at jiu-jitsu as well. I'm like that that almost isn't fair, you know, [laughter] just be like the biggest goofballs and uh I say that with respect, you know, like I I'm a goofball myself. Listen, I'm a silly goose. I've had to jump in the water a few times as a silly goose. And uh but I'm also just not that good at jiu-jitsu. You know, [laughter] the world was like you can't do it all, Trey. You can't make jokes and be a bit. But I guess these guys just operate under a different different, you know, world. But I think overall it was sick though. And I thought team WO did great. you know, was great. Declan came out there. Chris Wick, you know, looked awesome. So, really, it was just like a fun &gt;&gt; fun time overall. It was like fun to do these kind of like little collaborative things. It feels like it builds like some camaraderie in a weird way, you know, whether it be for the promotions or the athletes and all that. So, it was definitely a good time. I'm a big fan of Polar Squads and I thought it was sick event overall. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Great event. And, you know, shout out Declan got uh I believe he submitted may uh he had some some impressive matches. is I think you know the the team was really really uh hoping for Declan to kind of uh put the team on his back a little bit. I feel like being being one of the bigger guys and kind of one of the guys who's who's uh you know just surging right now. Um so definitely had some impressive performances. you know, Chris Wchek, I thought, uh, looked looked great, you know, &gt;&gt; came came a little wrestle up kind of sweep thing passed to mount on Owen O Flanigan, you know, so he looked good. Definitely showing he's I think he wanted he's been adamant about not wanting to show or wanting to prove to people that he's not just like a leg lock guy. That's all he can do. Like this dude does have like go back and watch Chris Wick versus Cody Steel. That's one of the craziest like craziest like examples of wrestling and scrapping in jiu-jitsu. So, I think he wanted to showcase that a little bit and I feel like he did. So, you know. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. You know, always great to see the Corby brothers out there and and you know, Devonte is such a good dude and you know, it was just fun kind of once we got into it, you know, and it's just like, oh smokes, it's it's it's Chris Wchick versus Merram up next, you know, and it's like it's Gavin Corby versus uh Lucas Canard up next, you know, and I guess we I do want &gt;&gt; Lucas Canard all time unpassable guard. &gt;&gt; I do want to mention Lucas Lucas Canard, man. Like his guard is too good. Like it's it's crazy. like this guy might have broken the system cuz it's just like you throw like and talking to the to the uh Polaris team guys like they even said like yeah bro when you have Lucas Canard you can send him out there and no one is going to pass him. It's impossible. So basically how we use Lucas to game this a little bit is we send Lucas out, no one can pass him. he can, you know, get deep on some legs enough to like win the decision and then boom, we just ran off like 25 minutes on the clock. Like, you know, it just it's true. Like he's an ultimate like if you have Lucas Canard on your squad in this format, like he's going to get those decision wins cuz it's just like not only can no one pass him, like it never looks like anyone even has a look at passing. so dangerous to try to pass his guard. He like, you know, he's he he really has kind of broken the the system a little bit here where it was just like I think it really kind of messed up WO's strategy a little bit because it was just like after he won one or two or whatever, it was just like, man, who who can pass this dude's guard? Who who can have a have a shot at passing this dude's guard? And it was just like, [snorts] man, it's hard to tell. But you do got got to shout out Lucas Lera for kind of being the Lucas Canard killer there. and he did beat Lucas Canard in in both halves, you know, by decision. So, luckily team Wo was able to find an answer to kind of this insane puzzle that is Lucas Canard. Um, so, you know, shout out Lucas Ler. He he had some impressive matches, I thought, there and really took took some heat for for team WO by just kind of like pushing Lucas Canard's ankles into his face for, you know, five minutes basically. Yeah. And then the the one last thing I want to just say about Taylor Pman too specifically Taylor Pman like obviously an extremely good leg locker just good overall game. Uh Taylor Pman's ability to like kind of like get into like I guess like deep deleiva type of positions like probably some like more nuanced version of like a nogi deleiva guard that I'm just I guess not as good at talking about or identifying but then able to just constantly offbalance people. I feel like he was just like like he's so sticky whenever he gets his legs connected and the way he plays that guard like the guy trying to pass is just like once he gets in there they never have their balance back like just a a incredible display of just like constant offbalancing breaking posture and just putting the guy making the guy put his hands on the mat, you know. So I thought Taylor looked great as well. He was a team captain, you know, representing &gt;&gt; really all those guys on team Polaris just have fun jiu-jitsu, you know, just have fun to watch jiu-jitsu. Taylor, the Owens, you know, Santi, like they really just have kind of dynamic, fun jiu-jitsu. So, &gt;&gt; and you know, luckily, if you guys are into that, I know I am. ADCC Euro Trials is coming up in a couple weeks. Yeah, two weeks, I think. &gt;&gt; So, definitely a good time if you you know, if you want to watch [snorts] more of these guys, then they're going to be competing at trials. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Just just a a fun time in European jiu-jitsu. We just had the IBJF European Championships where we saw a lot of great jiu-jitsu. You have Polaris, and then two weeks from now, you have the European Trials. So, if you like European jutsu, if you like these guys, I mean, you get an opportunity to watch them unfold quite a bit. &gt;&gt; And so, like, you know, one last thing, I haven't added up the scores yet, but we did do a little bit of a draft, you know. &gt;&gt; Oh, I totally forgot to see who would could uh draft our own teams of six out of all 12 of the competitors. And &gt;&gt; I like my chances on this one. I gota I gotta run the numbers, you know. I gota I gotta get chat GBT to do the math for me. [laughter] But &gt;&gt; all right, we'll check that out on next podcast cuz I for I honestly forget who who I even picked. But &gt;&gt; I just know that I ended up with a lot of Polaris guys and you ended up with a lot of Wino guys. &gt;&gt; I feel like I picked one of the Owens though. &gt;&gt; Uh &gt;&gt; at least one of the Owens. &gt;&gt; I think he might have got an O and O Flanigan which would be huge. But I got I think I have Owen Jones who got a three-piece for me. But I don't know. We'll do the math. You guys stay tuned cuz that that'll come soon. But any other any last closing thoughts before we get out of here? Sun's kind of setting. I don't even know if they're going to be able to see us at this point. &gt;&gt; Yeah, a little dark. No, I think before the the sun sets, we got to go check out this castle a little bit, walk around and uh and make sure we get a get a good lay of the land here. So, yeah. No, I think we can wrap this up. But, uh great event. Uh I believe they have another one here coming up in in March. &gt;&gt; Uh so, you know, it's going to be live on Flow, so definitely get hip to this Polaris stuff, man. It it is hype jiu-jitsu and uh they're not going anywhere. &gt;&gt; Definitely. So, thank you guys for tuning in. Go check out all the Polaris matches, the replays on Flow Grappling, and you know, stay tuned because we got a lot of other cool stuff coming up soon. But we'll see you guys in the next episode.