Kind: captions Language: en What's up everybody? Welcome back to the Flow Grappling Show, aka the worst show on the internet. Today we're going to be recapping W and O. I got my boy Big Uncle Reed right here. &gt;&gt; Back. &gt;&gt; Yeah, man. It's my guy right here. Dude, I would never switch up on you or Joe and bring in a more handsome, more knowledgeable, better at jiujitsu, allaround just kind of cooler and more fun, you know, type of guy and hang out with them for the day and do a show and have the best day ever of my life. I would never do that, man. I'm always want you guys on. But before we get into a full W recap, I just want to say the Flow Grappling Show is brought to you by Merrick Health, helping athletes optimize hormones, improve recovery, and maximize performance through precision lab testing and expert medical oversight. And now, let's get into the brass tax. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I can't wait to get my Merrick Health stats going. &gt;&gt; For sure, dude. &gt;&gt; My stats are going to kill your stats for sure. &gt;&gt; We might have to do live blood panels. We might have to do our blood like so. I think we we're going to go through the mer process and the main thing I just want to do is a blood panel. I just want to find out where I stand. You know what I mean? I'm already like what? Probably like 65 225 chiseled out of stone. No. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; These cameras lie, man. Dude, I've been I've been frame mogging Reed since the day he was born, dude. As I &gt;&gt; I invented frame. as I embark on my looks maxing journey here, you know, um I just want to do I want to do the blood panel, but maybe we should do it on the show and let's just all report our test levels. Let's see what we got. Let's be very transparent. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we'll see. We'll see. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Before and after. But uh obviously we're going to talk about who's number one 32. It just went down. You know, a lot of cool stuff happened at WNO. Uh Dorian Oliver, the new lightweight champion, takes home the WO belt in the lightweight Grand Prix. James Ortiz came out on top of the Wino youth bracket. A lot of other good results that we'll dive into, but I assume we got to kick it off with, you know, Dorian's run, right? I mean, just incredible. Looked like a like a lunatic out there. Dorian's just nuts whenever he competes. &gt;&gt; Yeah, huge year now here for for Dorian Olive. Uh, you know, had that uh had that run at Trials last year, November, um where he just looked incredibly dominant and really s kind of same story here. He went out there against Julian Espinosa and um you know really put a put an exclamation point on that win with a submission you know and I think obviously everybody the the match we were all kind of looking forward to is it was that kind of DeAndre versus Dorian matchup. It ended up hitting although you know DeAndre and Max had had a really fun match as well and Dorian just is a handful a handful for anybody. Dorian, one of the best in the world, you know, and uh, &gt;&gt; man, Dorian was just all over him. And, you know, like like DeAndre said, he emptied the clip. He left nothing out there, but it was just the Dorian show, you know, kind of from start to finish. And just an incredible performance from from Dorian. And and I think, you know, the question in my head is like, is Dorian now kind of like the favorite going into ADCC? you know, if you look at that um that 66 kind of kind of uh how how that's shaping up. Obviously, you got guys like Diego Pau who hopefully we'll see um you know, those two fight for the who's number one belt in the future, but you got Baby Shark, but man, did Dorian just look so good and I think he's going to cause problems for anybody weighing 145, 155 pounds. &gt;&gt; Yeah, obviously we've seen a lot of success from Dorian at this point in his career. You know, I think most notably he's now a two-time trials champ, right? He uh won trials twice. The CJI was an incredible performance from him. Seeing him go up against Felipe Pena was just like that was just insane. Something you not expect. But I think like and this is honestly a quote that I'm pretty sure I heard Dorian say in one of the interviews Joe did where he he talked about or maybe it was at the media day where he talked about like it's easy to win but it's hard to, you know, win consistently and stay on top. And maybe up until now that was something he struggled with. I'm I'm not saying he like took losses everywhere, but I think his ADCC 2024 performance, I guess, is what I'm getting to, might have been like this crucible moment for him where he kind of realizes like, yeah, it's it's it's not that hard when you're a guy like Dorian to go out there and beat a top level dude, but to just stay doing it and just to never have like a little chink in your armor and lose where he ended up taking the loss to Garbe obviously, you know, I feel like that might have been like a crucible moment where he kind of flipped and was like, I got to win everything at all costs, all the time and that just seemed like the Dorian that was out there that was just like an unbeatable type of force. Um, in his match with Julian in the first round, I mean Julian looked beat up afterwards, dude. Like it was like I kind of was like, "Oh man, that sucks." Like his face was bloody. It was like he had bruising. Like I was like, "Oh my god, Dorian like he fights you." Like it's not it's it's as close to a fight as a grappling match can be, which still might not be very close, but it's as close as it can be. &gt;&gt; I think it's pretty close to be honest. But but yeah, 100%. It's like tell Julian Espinosa that he just wasn't in a fight like like you know like like that that was a brutal match and that's just that is Dorian's style, you know. It's like he he just never stops coming. He's relentless. He has this crazy gas tank and you know his guard passing has just like evolved so much too and I feel like he's really got an incredible system that he's put together because you know I think DeAndre has kind of one of the best guards in the world out there right now and and towards the end of the match Dorian was was kind of just passing you know so quickly you know that that DeAndre just did not even have time to set up a guard and um that's just like he just never stops kind of you know in the way he was just like covering DeAndre's mouth and everybody's mouth and stuff just so frustrating to constantly deal with and and then you're forgetting about the legs and then you're you know it's just like there's always something he's throwing at you. You're kind of just like constantly drowning. So, um yeah, brutal guy. I wouldn't want to go up against him. Definitely looks like a fight to me. And uh &gt;&gt; uh you know, bright things to come for Dorian no matter what in the future. And uh I it just seems like he's kind of settled down to a really good training regimen now that things have kind of you know Kingsway opened their gym and and and they've got you know a good schedule over there. He trains obviously you know out of his garage for a lot of the time as well but it feels like they've really figured out what he needs to do and and and you know just kind of maximize his his uh potential and obviously he's got you know John Daner definitely one of the best coaches in the world. So you can't it's hard to pick against a guy like John Danner who who can you know really spend time for for years and years with a guy like Dorian and you're not going to see Dorian make huge leaps and bounds. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I think like a testament to the level Dorian's achieving now honestly like it's a weird thing because I feel like sometimes when you go out and you see a guy like maybe I'll use Eric Mun as an example. Eric Mun goes out in IBJJFs and just dominates to a level where like like it currently like last couple years and stuff where it's just like he just seems untouchable but it also makes it feel like almost like not as impressive like it's like oh yeah of course Eric Mun is supposed to dominate everybody and I I don't mean to take anything away from that. It is actually that impressive. It's just and Gabby Passagna as she was on that run of just being unbeaten. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You just come to expect it at &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's like becomes an expectation. But when you see an athlete go out there, have a formidable opponent, and you see a little bit of adversity in the match, it kind of makes it feel like, oh shit, okay, yeah, he really is like leveling up. And like an example of that is kind of later into the match when DeAndre started like he did show some signs of like, oh, okay, this is where DeAndre can do stuff. Like he got into that weird like uh it's not like reverse close guard. It was like it's like close guard from the back, you know, and stuff, but &gt;&gt; hands locked around his chest and he was kind of trying to get his legs in play and it was just like, oh, this this is, you know, where DeAndre has kind of like historically excelled, to be honest. &gt;&gt; Yeah. These kind of like funky positions, but also like even talking with Greg, watching him train, watch his old matches, it's like he's obviously really good at like rear triangles and inverted triangles. So, it's like this is where DeAndre could just like flip this, get some sort of crazy triangle, and then like somehow come out of this on the like on the in the on the winner side as the champ, but Dorian, you know, kind of stayed patient, waited it out, dealt with it, and then went back to kind of just being dominant from there on out and got the win. So, I thought it was a I thought it was a a good statement by Dorian to be honest. And I I've in his postmatch and everything, he kind of talked about how he's fought a lot of dangerous dudes and he's not really scared of anybody. So, if PO does want to come back for the belt, then he welcomes it. And I think that would be a sick one, to be honest. &gt;&gt; How about JRT, man? JT had a great night on Tuesday night. So much fun to watch. He walks away the the you know, our first champion of the team kind of youth bracket. And man, this guy's a star in the making. &gt;&gt; For sure, dude. I like a blanket statement for all of the kids in the youth bracket and the other youth competitors. These kids are awesome. They are just awesome. like they're like no one engages with the camera, has cooler lines, is willing to say wild stuff and put themsel out there than these youth competitors, you know? I don't know. It's like if it's the crucible of doing all these ADCC opens where it seems like most of these youth competitors are existing right now, you know, like at least the ones we brought on for this event. It's like they're nuts. They're little crazy people running around just like the amount of times a 14 to 16 year old told me they were going to kill somebody through the roof. And we might need to work on that. We might need to work on that. You don't have to say you're gonna kill everybody. Um there's other ways to say that, you know, you're gonna dominate your opponent than just committing acts of murder, but you know, they're learning. Still there to learning. And so all of them, Chingy, James, Matthew, uh Bam Bam, JP Tran, you know, it's like they're all just awesome to work with. Like I can't kind of commend them enough on that. like it seems like they got good parents and stuff or something that's like helping these kids like be cool and like good to work with and &gt;&gt; be authentic and just personable and and you know just doing a great job of kind of relating who they are and their through their jiu-jitsu. You know that's that's a hard thing to do as well. But you really got a good sense of who who all these kids are &gt;&gt; and they're they're hyper competitive obviously. I thought an interesting thing about James coming out as the champ on this one is a lot of these kids have fought a bunch of times before and I'm pretty sure James has losses to all these kids, you know, and whenever we went and visited him at B team, he did talk a lot about like, all right, now that the rules are open, like it's like WO, we're allowing reaping, you know, there's the less restrictions on the match. He was like, that's good for me. I like I'll win this because that's good for me. These kids had, you know, the this or that in ADCC open rules. He's like, "This rule says good for me." And I mean, he kind of proved that, you know, it's like it did clearly uh help help him out there. He ended up fighting JP Tran first round, beat JP Tran, and then he fought Chingi in the finals. That was a intense match. Like two 16-year-olds just &gt;&gt; What what impressed you most about about Jay or Ortiz? Cuz like I think a lot of us were were really, you know, expecting Chingi to do well and expecting JP Trand to do to do well and stuff like that. So I don't know you especially that JP Tram match was pretty crazy. So what impressed you? &gt;&gt; JP Tram match was crazy. I think like the level of wrestling is like hard to ignore with Jay or like a lot of these kids especially even with Chingi. Chingi just like competed in like the state championship in Florida. Like I think he won you know like um Kyle also competed in that as a 12-year-old. &gt;&gt; Well I just want to say let me be the kind of first to shout out the the Sains Bros too and just yeah Kyle and Chingy and Michael and Tristan. Let me just kind of I was waiting for Trey to kind of shout everybody out, but but uh I just wanted to make sure that I was, you know, we we got a good shout out in there cuz Trey wasn't Trey wasn't &gt;&gt; You know what? You you just finish it's it's Reed's script. He scripts these episodes. You just go ahead and you go ahead and finish things off. &gt;&gt; This Trey's walking out on the script, huh? &gt;&gt; Reed makes these scripts for the show. If people don't know, this is a fully scripted show. All right? There's no Tom Foolery involved in this show. It's highly scripted. Exact lines have to be delivered. Even the lines I'm saying right now as I say them are part of Reed's script. And he was shaking in his boots about Kaio signs, bro. Kyle SCS had Reed literally backstage clamoring going you you don't think Kyle really wants to beat me up, do you? And I was like, man, I think you're fine. I'll talk to &gt;&gt; Kyle. Chill, man. I'll talk to Kyle, dude. &gt;&gt; We're cool, &gt;&gt; dude. Kyle, he was walking around with a tire iron at one point. He just had a He just had a tire iron and it said it on it was it was welded into the tire iron. It said for Reed. Yeah. I was like that's crazy. &gt;&gt; I think Kyle said he was going to beat me up because I picked Michael Sainz to win trials. &gt;&gt; He wasn't even in trials. &gt;&gt; So no um &gt;&gt; No, I mean Kyle wasn't in trials. &gt;&gt; Kyle wasn't Kyle wasn't in trials. I just picked Michael Sains to his brother. &gt;&gt; Yeah. His brother to to win East Coast trials. And I think he said he's going to beat me up because of that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. We saw him outside the hotel and he literally Kyle literally like was going to Dapo up breathing. And he was like, "No, wait a minute. No, you picked Michael, bro. You picked Michael. I don't mess with you, Reed. I'm with Trey." I was like, "Thank God I picked this kid. This guy was a scary dude, bro." But yeah, obviously all the Sains brothers are awesome to be around. We make we make a lot of joke about the SCS brothers and oh, I'm team Chingy and Kyle, Michael, and Tristan. I'm the whole family to be honest. At the end of the day, it's like these kids bring up the vibe when they walk in the room. They're hanging out with us in the media room. Michael keeps telling me to pull up my match footage, which I was like, "No chance, bucko." You know, but uh they're just they're just good vibes. It's a great family. I love being around the signs. They like they elevate everything you're around. They're it's reminiscent of the rules and being in like the Ruaos's family circle, you know, where I'm just like this is a sick family. Like shout out them, you know? So, we love all of the signs. All right. All of them. Absolutely. Even Even if maybe next episode I'm going to drop my official Sains family rankings and maybe Kyle will be on top and then followed by Chingi and then followed by Tristan and then maybe baby Junko in the mix just cuz she feels honorary and then Michael. But you know maybe but we love all of them. So um and then actually I forgot about Papa sign is number one for me. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's probably number two for me behind Kyle which I think he'll respect that Kyle is above him as well even. Um, and Mama Signs, I don't have enough data yet, but she'll probably eventually slot into like a three spot would be my guess. But, um, the list can always change. &gt;&gt; And like you said, just honestly, shout out all the all the, you know, young competitors that we had on on the on the card and and you know, future super bright for a guy like Matthew Bam Bam and and you know, JP Tran just went uh double gold at Pans and then, you know, 24 hours later came in and fought on on the uh who's number one. So, man, the next generation is just incredible to watch and uh they're all Yeah. Yeah. Really, really fun people to be around and everything like that. I feel like we're we're in good hands. There's some there's some fun people kind of coming up the ranks, you know, led by James Ortiz, you I think you can't deny that that James kind of uh put a stamp on it and uh man, it looked like he was on cloud nine and and it just looked like kind of a new person was was born almost from the guy from the guy that I knew a couple days ago to the the confidence and and just like you know the what this is going to do for him in the future. I feel like it's just like sky's limit. &gt;&gt; So much gravitas, you know, it's like these dudes are just electric individuals as well. So definitely good for the sport. I do want to release an official JP trans statement if if that's okay. &gt;&gt; Is it this I I'm kind of going off script, but &gt;&gt; yeah. Well, this is even part of the script. I know. And we're supposed to do this back and forth, even what I'm saying right now. Um I want to release an official JP trans statement because I've promised to watch every JP Tran match. &gt;&gt; True. You kind of have screwed him. &gt;&gt; It's my fault. So, I'm recognizing I'm accepting guilt for this. If I watch JP Tran, not in person, on the stream, you know, or archives or footage that his mom filmed that he sends me, he wins. And if I watch him in person, he's lost both those times. So that is not JP's fault. That is my fault. I'm obviously bringing some sort of bad energy. I'm affecting the outcomes here. And so I am now going to step away from any live matches of JP Tran. And I'm &gt;&gt; You need at least be 100 feet away from from a JP. &gt;&gt; Yes. 100 feet 100 feet banned from any live JP tra matches. I will watch the archive afterwards. I'll watch the replay on flow grappling, you know, and uh you know, I think this is on me that I've been kind of affecting the outcome somehow and I'm going to correct that. So, I just want JP to know that I'm going to correct that. I'm not going to influence the the live anymore and you know, I'm going to let you do your thing. So, that's on me JP. I'll fix that. I'm still watching every single match of JP Trans. So, and he looked good at pans. I'll say that. double gold kid's a killer, you know, and just to just to take on that challenge of going double gold and then competing on who's number one, making who's number one debut like 48 hours later or whatever it was, that's incredible. But, you know, obviously the story is James Ortiz. Great, great job for him. Chingi also looked incredible. Chingi quick to say that he'll be getting that one back. So, I have no doubt. &gt;&gt; I can't wait to see the rematch. Are you kidding? I can't wait to see the rematch. Let's go. &gt;&gt; These might fight. Yeah, like these dudes might they'll probably compete in an open before this weekend. probably compete against each other, &gt;&gt; run this in the gym, &gt;&gt; honestly. Um, but yeah, they might show up to Alpha Miami and just do it there, Friday Night Fights. But like they could both be in West Coast Trials 66. We can see him scrap it out there. That would be crazy. But yeah, the youth competitors really showed out. Another youth competitor that had a great showing was Connor Stalman. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. There's a bunch of matches to talk about, but we got to give a shout out to Connor Stallman. &gt;&gt; Yeah. This kid was at the first ever who's number one W1 as like he was just a little lad. Just a little twerp. Just a little twerp, you know. &gt;&gt; Just a Grom. &gt;&gt; Yeah, just a Grom. He has a picture with Colabate who was a Grom at the time, you know, which was kind of crazy to see. And uh he was there as a spectator with his dad who's number one. And now here he is Wino 32 coming out making his debut winning by submission against Nakoa who's also awesome. I thought Nico Nakoa was super electric. Um, you can definitely feel the Andy Varela influence there in the best ways. You know, I don't know if mom approved on some of those questions, but uh, you know, Nicole was awesome, but it was Connor who ended up getting the submission win. And like another notable thing, that kid's voice is way too deep. I was thinking about it and I was like, do I need to lower my voice an octave when I do this show? Like this, my voice might be embarrassing to do on a podcast. Whenever I hear this 14-year-old or 15-year-old Connor Stalmer talk, I'm like, that guy sounds like a man. &gt;&gt; I said what's up to I was like, "Hey, what's up, man?" You know, and then he he said, "What's up to me?" I was like, "Hey, yeah, yeah, yeah. We're cool, man." You know, like, "Yeah, yeah, yeah." You know, I was like trying to &gt;&gt; You lowered your voice to match his. Yeah. But he was obviously a beast. &gt;&gt; But and I just want to say that like, man, he was making his Who's Number One debut. And you wouldn't have known it to be honest. Like like one of the more like just like calm, cool, calculated, like um confident, professional dudes on the card, I feel like. and uh you know felt like he kind of killed his media day stuff and um killed the the the match obviously just looked looked so confident the whole time in in a dangerous match killed his postmatch interview and everything like that. So um man that was just that that was cool to see. It's always always great to see you know when you can be a small part of of you know helping some of these these guys kind of live their dreams and stuff like that. That was a cool moment to see him be at who's number one one watching, you know, saying kind of one day and, you know, here we are just uh six years later, I guess, or almost five five plus years later and he's he's on the card and and making having one of the the you know, best submissions on the entire card. So, &gt;&gt; there's nothing sweeter than getting to see somebody realize their dreams, you know, and to like to have such a like finite like there as a fan, I'm going to be out there one day. Now here I am making my debut by submission or winning my debut by submission. So that was super cool to see. Um to another one of the youth competitors, Baby Junko, went up against Zoe Freeman. Um that match was, you know, pretty sick back and forth. Baby ends up getting the win there, so shout out her. Another one for the Alpha Miami crew. What's What's some of the other ones? We're trying not to go too long this episode. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, I was just going to say, you know, man, Nick Mataya is jacked. Nick Mataya is is fit. That guy's fit, you know, you know. Uh, no. I think definitely one of the matches we all highlighted on the card was Jacob Bordman versus Nick Mataya as being kind of like a a crazy wild match, you know, no matter what. Had fireworks written all over it and definitely probably was, yeah, one of the the funnest matches of the night. Uh, Little Jacob hit a sick fireman's carry kind of early on. One of the best takedowns we've seen on WO in a while. So, always appreciate when the boys hit some hit some good takedowns. Um and then late in the match, you know, uh Nick Nick was able to to get on top and really start imposing his will, got the back and and you know, in the dying seconds got the submission and uh you know, incredible performance from Nick Mataya. I think we all we all know kind of that Nick Mataya's, you know, he he's on the come up, man. He he's &gt;&gt; you think he's one of the favorites to potentially win 77 trials? I mean, I think I think you know, definitely I think you're going to have a final that's going to be Nick Matia versus Michael Sainz probably. &gt;&gt; And I'm taking Michael Sainz. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. &gt;&gt; That that that's not a part of the script, brother. &gt;&gt; I got him. No, I'm just kidding. I don't know who will actually win that match, but I think it'll be Electric no matter what. Well, I'm certainly not going to make a public pick on the uh match, but &gt;&gt; I know even that joke I'm like, I'm going to get a lot of upset people at me, but Michael just says I never pick him. So, but I'm just kidding. Uh I'm not picking anybody. I'm abstaining from picking. That was a joke. Nolan Void, don't clip it. But &gt;&gt; no, so yeah, I mean, just a huge performance. Obviously, Little Jacob's a killer, man. And and he'll be back, you know, and and I'm sure this will only this will be a good thing for him probably in the long run. only make him hungrier and we'll see a a crazy Jacob Born at ADCC, but a huge huge victory for for Nick Mataya. &gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely one of the most electric moments. I know Slack was in the in his corner right afterwards after he popped top, started yelling and stuff and he was like immediately had regrets from what Slack told me he overheard where Nick was like, "Was I did I come across kind of like a like a douche by yelling like that?" They're like, "No, no, you're cool, man. You're cool." He's like, "I just I told my sponsor I wasn't going to take my shirt off." &gt;&gt; No, brother. Live in the moment. We loved it. We loved it. You know, &gt;&gt; if there's a guy out there who should be taking his shirt off more often, it's Nick Mati. You know, you know what I'm saying, boys. Like, hey, Nick Mati, dude, I should never see you with a shirt on again, brother. You know? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; I'm kidding. I'm kidding. But, but yeah, so that was sick. Uh, Lilian Marian, Gaini, Fragoso, uh, that one was a sick back and forth. Gieni had this like deep looking arm bar early on, but uh, Lillian, you know, a common composed competitor. She's been there before, found her way out, ended up getting the decision uh win later, obviously as time went out and everything. So, shout out her. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Another just incredible weekend for for Lillian Marshian there. Wins pants, submits Liz Clay. Like I I like I told her, who who does that? You you know, it's like, man, that's a pretty incredible weekend she had as well. And so went from the ghee to to no ghee against a game competitor. &gt;&gt; Um and she pulled off the win. So huge weekend for Lillian. I think you can't can't kind of understate how how big of a weekend it was for for her as well. You know, she she won her match and before Sarah got on on the mats for the her final, Lillian was already in the air on an airplane, you know, trying to come to Austin, Texas. So crazy. &gt;&gt; Crazy. And then uh Tinara Victoria got the win over Mona Bailey via straight ankle lock. I mean, Tinara just has one of the best straight ankle locks at like the lighter female division. She's super tough. She looks better better and better every time she competes. She's been on WO a few times now, so you know, shout out to her getting it done. &gt;&gt; Sneaky dangerous. &gt;&gt; Sneaky dangerous dangerous. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you don't want to leave your foot just hanging out there around her. &gt;&gt; Snatch it, man. &gt;&gt; And then, uh, Philipe Costa, Sebastian Atard. Sebastian Atard, wild boy, huh? That's a wild boy. He He cuts a mean promo. He's nuts. But Philipe Costa really really good at jiu-jitsu. So, he kind of was pretty dominant in that one. &gt;&gt; Yeah, man. I thought Sebastian had a had a good performance to be honest in the match. Felipe is a tall task for anybody, especially, you know, um, on this kind of who's number one stage where I think he's kind of really comfortable and really comfortable in the rule set and what people are going to throw at him and stuff. He's he's had, you know, what, five or six matches, I think, on &gt;&gt; He racked up a bunch pretty quick. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So, I think I think this is like a hard place to fight a guy like Felipe Costa to be honest. And and Sebastian was making No, no, Sebastian had been on Wo before. That's right. &gt;&gt; Wheels before. &gt;&gt; That's right. That's right. And had a fun match there. But, um, yeah. So, you know, I think it was a tall task for for Sebastian. I thought he had a good performance and and and got into some tricky positions with Felipe where where it looked like maybe Sebastian had a little bit more knowledge in some of those kind of intricate uh uh leg locking positions, but Felipe never panicked and stayed calm, cool, collected, and just kind of, you know, kept his his pressure on and and eventually, I feel like, was wasn't uh able to kind of break through and and start to kind of dominate a little bit. But, um yeah, always fun watching those guys. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And then uh Rogers Dwan versus Austin. Definitely one we're talking about particularly because it was a sick submission. He kind of finished the straight arm lock kind of in like that almost like shoulder crush like he's going to like sweep over but then he could just he finished a straight arm lock there. But Rajes, what a great seizing of the opportunity, seizing of the moment, you know, because he obviously got on everyone's radar because he submitted PJ at an ADCC open. Used that to kind of propel himself into a WO shot. comes out, wins by submission, and then in my opinion had the best, most timely call out. He called out Nikki Ryan. He said, you know, and he was very respectful about it, too. Clearly a respectful guy. But he said if Nikki Ryan's looking to uh he I think he said that he would prefer a super easy match, but you know, if you know doesn't want him to just have an easy match, then he'll gladly welcome Nicki Ryan back to the mats. And this was I thought this was a good play by Rogers particularly because I had just seen a clip where Nikki Ryan was talking about one of his goals being to come back soon to competition. I can't remember I think he might have said like later 2026 and he even said like he would love to come back on something like WO and get a match there. And I definitely think like Rogers is obviously a tough competitor. He's no like he's not a walkover. He's no joke, you know? It's like we're learning how good he is more and more each time. But Nikki Ryan is a level above that. You know what I mean? Like you just kind of you do know that Nicki Ryan is like he's one of those premier guys. He's had a lot of injuries in his career. We haven't seen enough of him sadly. Like &gt;&gt; but at the end of the day he submitted JT Torres. &gt;&gt; Like it's like he's incredible. So it's like that's a match Nikki could accept. Like I don't want to speak for Nikki, you know, but it just seems like if you're Nikki, right, it's like okay, yeah, I'll fight this guy Rajes. He's on the come up and let people know that it's like I'm not over the hill. Like what do you like? I'll come out and submit these dudes if they want to fight me. But so it like it they leaves enough of a window where it's like Rajas could get that match and it's also an incredible opportunity if he does, you know. So I thought that was a great call out. Just a just like a a great opportunity or a great moment where you see like, man, he's kind of like he's thinking through this stuff. He's like seeing how his career can keep kind of being pushed forward. And so kudos to him for kind of playing it that way. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And honestly, it's like your mind does kind of like start ticking at at the possibility. It sounds like a pretty interesting match, you know, and it sounds like, you know, I'm not a huge drama guy to be honest. I don't I don't want the drama and I don't think Nikki wants the drama either, but to think about Gordon and John being in Rajas's corner coaching against Nikki, that's that's definitely the kind of like a very a very interesting to kind of mull over in your mind to see how that would go. And obviously those guys know Nikki really well and would know know how to kind of game plan for Nikki and stuff. And I you you know it's like I don't know how deep it would go or anything like that and I'm not I don't want any of the drama to be honest you know but I it is an interesting to think to think about and &gt;&gt; yeah it'd be a miss to ignore that that would definitely bring a weird interesting dynamic to the matchup &gt;&gt; but that so that that's very interesting and I just Raj was just another guy I was just really impressed with his kind of demeanor all um all all weekend as well and another guy making his who's number one debut but I don't think you'd you'd really know it. he seemed pretty uh pretty pretty confident and and kind of uh you know in his element when he was out there and uh you know had a had a one of the the best submissions on the card as well and and gave a a great interview. So I'm I'm I'm excited to get Raj back on in in the who's number one universe and stuff like that and and yeah, I love a to be honest I do love a Nikki Ryan match. I would love to see that. So that sounds cool to me. &gt;&gt; Definitely. Is there any Did we miss any &gt;&gt; man? There's there's a lot of good stuff there that happened. Um &gt;&gt; I I feel like that we pretty much &gt;&gt; bit of a blur, but &gt;&gt; it is hard to remember right after, &gt;&gt; but yeah. No, I think that was a solid recap of of everything. You know, I think there's there's uh you know, hopefully maybe we we get going with Pau and uh and Dorian, but there are some other matches out there. I think that would be interesting for Dorian. And obviously, he's a guy who can kind of move around some weight classes, too. So, there's maybe even some bigger guys that would make sense for Dorian, too. So, a lot of possibilities for him, a lot of possibilities for for JRTS. I, you know, I would love to to hear any other thoughts people have for who Jay should fight next because, uh, I want to put, you know, we should put Jay in a big big spot next. Uh, James Ortiz in a big spot next, too. So, uh, yeah, a lot to be excited about for &gt;&gt; Let's get him to fight an adult, bro. I want I want a Jay versus adult match. Someone 40 plus. &gt;&gt; Well, how about somebody &gt;&gt; I'm kidding. I'm kidding. But that I think Yeah. I don't know. This is like the it's like the Kabate thing, right? It's like Kofi Gio that was such a crazy moment on who's number one and stuff. So, it's like you you have these breakout youth competitors like all right, let's let's up the caliber, you know? It's like, &gt;&gt; you know, it's a good point, too, that like, you know, like who's who kind of like invented this kind of teen phenom thing, this trajectory where it's like, you know, you can be you can be fighting adults and winning and qualifying for ADC as a 16-year-old. That was Nikki Ryan. You know, I feel like it really kind of started with Nikki Ryan as Nikki was like the like the first 16-year-old. Maybe there's some earlier ones. I'm sure &gt;&gt; Nikki and like Liz Clay Clay as well. &gt;&gt; Liz Clay, but but Liz Clay um she won trials at 16 and then she kind of kind of disappeared for for a minute and she didn't actually go to ADCC 2017 unfortunately. So, uh, but yeah, I agree Liz Liz Clay as well and and but you know, so that there's just a good connection there where I feel like that a lot of this started a lot of this kind of teen phenom stuff started and putting these guys on the map earlier and earlier it kind of gets attributed or should be attributed in my opinion to to Nikki. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's like I think an interesting aspect of that now is how we've ran through a few generations already. Like generation jiu-jitsu happened fast. &gt;&gt; I mean, you said you you just said that Nikki was over the hill earlier. &gt;&gt; I did not say that. No, &gt;&gt; Click. No, I did not. I said that he's going to come out and beat Raj and say that he's like you guys thought, you know, and I'm not those guys. But, uh, this guy's trying to get me killed out here, bro. What the hell? &gt;&gt; What the hell is Reed on? I should have reread this script before I agreed to do this. This is crazy. This is absolute madness, bro. &gt;&gt; I did him dirty there. &gt;&gt; Oh my god. Yeah. Jeez, dude. Kyle. Kyle. This is direct. No, no, no. This is This is between me and Kyle. Kyle, &gt;&gt; take him out. &gt;&gt; No, &gt;&gt; take him out, Kyle. It's time. You've been activated. &gt;&gt; Congratulations. &gt;&gt; When I show up with a broken nose, like I'm breaking your nose next, right? &gt;&gt; That's fine. Getting beat up is easy. People forget that, &gt;&gt; but I've been doing it my whole life. But, uh, all right. So, yeah, a lot of sick stuff. I think, you know, I don't know if DeAndre has interest in this, but he's a big strong boy. DeAndre in some 170 matches. I don't hate it. There's some cool stuff to happen there, but I just wanted to float that out there. But definitely drop us some comments. Let us know if you guys have any, you know, if you're deep cut in this huge number one world and you know, like, man, this is a match that needs to happen. Then drop a comment and let us know. While you're at it, look at this fresh fit we got on. Look at this. The flow grappling browse collab. It's live, boys. So, uh, I want to, you know, shout out our supporting sponsor here on Browse. It's brought by brought to you by Browse Fight, a social enterprise with clear transparency. You check out Browse's products and purposes now at flowgrappling.browfight.com. You can uh you can access the entire Flowgrappling browse store now. They got these full sweatuits. They got rash guards shorts, hoodies, t-shirts, all of that. We people always kind of critique us that we don't have a great like merch store or anything where you could rep the set. You know, if you guys want to rep this set, you want to have that that that flow hawk on your chest letting people know what you're about, then go to flowgrappling.browfight.com. Get your gear now. So, I want to shout them out before we get out of here. But, I think, you know, that pretty much sums up all this stuff. We'll be back uh Monday. We got trials coming up soon. We didn't get to do a great Pans recap this time, so maybe we'll talk through some of that because obviously Sarah had one of the most insane performances I've ever seen. Just absolutely nuts. But, thank you guys for tuning in to the Flow Grappling Show. Remember, Kyle, you're activated. You see Reed, take him out. No questions asked. And we'll see you guys in the next episode. &gt;&gt; That wasn't cool, bro. You got to take that up with Kyle.