Kind: captions Language: en Well, well, well. I bet you guys didn't expect to just see little old Trey sitting here in his room in an undisclosed location all alone. But of course, you know, this is still the worst show on the internet, aka the Flow Grappling Show. And honestly, this episode might genuinely be the worst show ever published to the internet because the boys have been super busy. There's been tons of events going on. Um, we've been working basically every weekend covering these events. Uh, this most recent one, Backtoback Trials in Brazil. And, you know, sometimes you got to just go solo on these things. Sometimes you got to do a solo episode and put it out on the internet to be heavily ridiculed about how uh, you know, you can't carry a solo show for yourself by yourself. I mean, and so that's exactly what I'm going to do. you know, putting myself out there on this one. Um, because we're flying, me and Reed are flying Monday out to Maryland. We're going to Rockville, Maryland to link up with DeAndre Corby. Uh, and we're going to, you know, stop in at Standard, see Greg Saers, I'm sure Gavin will be there, see those crews to shoot some stuff for WO. So, we're not going to be able to film our normal episode Monday. So, this is a Sunday special for anybody watching or listening. If you're listening on a podcast app and you don't see the video, I'm sitting here in a room by myself doing this. So, we'll see how it goes. I don't know if it's going to be very good at all, but I'll try my best. We got to we got to dive into uh ADCC Brazil recap. Then, we're going to try and talk a little bit about some of the stuff we have coming up and uh things everybody should get stoked about. But to dive into a Brazil recap, I don't know if this episode's going to be super long. Probably won't be the normal hourish. Might be closer to freaking 10 minutes if I start blowing it. Dude, if I if I can't handle the pressure of not having people in person laughing at my bad bits, a forced laugh, I might just have to shut it down. I might just shut it down, dude. So, we'll see how it goes. But to get into this Brazil recap, we're going to kind of go through all of the people who qualified at the second Brazil trials and uh you know, talk a little bit talk a little bit of nonsense along the way. If we get too silly, if we become too silly of a little goose here on our solo episode, then I might just have to jump in the water. If you're a silly goose, then jump in the water. You know, those are the rules. But let's kick it off. Let's talk about the female division. Starting with minus 55 kg. - 55 kg. I think the biggest difference in this division going from the first trials to the second trials was the fact that Misa Bastos registered for the second trials. Um, we kind of talked about it before the event started, but Maisa joining an event. I mean, it obviously shakes up the division. It shakes up who's going to be the number one seed, who could potentially win um, in the division now. And I think that it did just that at this trial, at the second trials, because the first trials, Monzerat Perez got the win. She had Bianca Gianini in the finals. She was it. Monzerat was able to get the win. Second trials, we see Maisa go out there and do what Misa does. I mean, Misa just wins jiu-jitsu matches. Like, simple as that. She's one of the most dominant grapplers in the sport. She's always on the IBJF circuit. Now, she's competing. Um, she's done ADCC before. I don't mean like it's her first time doing ADCC, obviously, but you just see Misa everywhere, and she's always super dominant. We ended up seeing her in the finals against Caroline Brunasio, who's a super tough opponent. Caroline Brunasio in the semi-finals had Bianca Geianini, a girl that I thought definitely had what it took to potentially make it to the finals, potentially win and punch her ticket to the ADCC World Championship in Poland. But she ran into Caroline Brunasio. Caroline hit this slick little armbar on Bianca. Pretty sick little arm bar. Um I think it was kind of like a choy bar entry, but she was able to finish Bianca in the semis. She fought Maisa in the finals. I think Misa won via points if I'm not mistaken. I got some notes over here on my on my second screen. I got 15 monitors here, you know, just with all of the jiu-jitsu intelligence a guy could ever ask for. But uh and I still don't know nothing, dude. Still don't know all these monitors and none of it's getting into my little my brain waves at all. Um but Misa took the win there. I think I think an interesting thing about Misa at ADCC. I remember in 2022 ADCC Misa punched her ticket. She won trials that year as well, but that was whenever the division was still 60 kg, so - 60 kg. And she went out and had be a mosquito first round of the 2022 ADCC World Championship. Obviously, Be a Mosquita, the Lady Goat, one of the best competitors uh in the sport. And also a bit of a weight disadvantage for Misa. Minus 60 is like really big for Misa. Misa can make like I mean she makes IBJFF Rooster which is insanely low. So minus 55 definitely helps her out a little bit and I think her going into this division now at - 55 kilos for ADCC Worlds definitely makes it a lot more exciting in my opinion. I know her and Adele have crossed past before. I remember I think it was 2023 Brazilos Adele and Misa fought in the GE of the finals and it looked like Adele was going to get the win but Misa barely squeaked it out. Got the win there. Um, but yeah, definitely think that minus 55 kilos division is shaping up to be a good one at the ADCC World Championship. And so one one to talk about the solo show real quick. One thing about it is, you know, there's just going to have to be some awkward pauses when I take drinks of water and stuff because there's no one else to, you know, kind of toss it over to. So this is a segment where I'm going to take a quick sip of water. All right, now that we got that out of the way, let's move up to minus 65 kilogram. minus 65. Uh, this was a girl that Joe was high on. Joe was talking about her a lot. He pegged her as a a girl that could definitely go on a run, make make a statement here in the division. Uh, and of course, I'm talking about Livia Barisine. Livia Barisine, super young grappler. I believe she's still a purple belt, but she was able to make it all the way to the finals and uh, get the win via points against Victoria Vieira. I think for for Livia Bar or uh yeah, Livia Barisine, I mean, just like what a statement to make to come out and win trials as a purple belt. Something that I mean, we're definitely seeing more and more of, you know, there's more and more of these super young uh grapplers who were able to get the win at trials and kind of punch their ticket. But yeah, I mean it just at this point like obviously there's like the Cole Labates of the world, the Liz Clays of the world who are doing it, winning trials before at color belt at super young ages, but it just seems like more and more it's like there's a higher volume of people who are able to punch their ticket when they're still a color belt, when they're still super young. And Livia Barine just did just that. She looked great in the final. She looked great the whole way through. So definitely a cool addition to the world championship in Poland. And then minus 65 kilos. This is one uh where I think kind of like one of the clear favorites. I think you could say that about Misa too, but one of the clear favorites who kind of entered this second trials was able to kind of go through and get the job done where it was Yara Suarez who ended up taking the plus 65 kilogram uh gold at the second trials. In the finals, she ended up facing Ingred Souza. Ingred Souza won the first Brazilian trials. Um and they're former teammates. I believe they both kind of like went through the uh dream art route and then a lot of people have kind of branched off from dream art where whether they've went to fratres or soldiers BJJ now and then even some of them at Melky uh Melky school. So I believe Ingred is representing Melky Galva jiu-jitsu now and uh Yara is I think Fratree still. I could be wrong on that but I'm pretty sure Yara is Fra. but they fought in the final. Yara was able to score the lone submission of this trials. So, not a ton of submissions in the finals at the second Brazil uh finals. Um but she was able to get a knee bar on Ingrid and score the lone um lone submission of all the finals. So, shout out Yara. I think Yara is an absolute beast. Yara is so tall and lanky. like she's like a very she's she's big for sure but it's like her and Gabby have went back and forth a lot throughout the years and Gabby Gabby is also very big but Yara is like kind of like slimmed down I think trying to make different divisions so she doesn't have to fight Yara in two divisions absolute and like ultra heavy or what super heavy uh all the time and now you know she's like very slim super long has a very uh you know unique build I feel like for the division where she could definitely shake things up cause some problems come the world championship in Poland. But so those are your those are your three females that punched their ticket for the Brazil trials. Maisa Bastos, Livia Barisine, and Yara Suarez. But to keep it moving, to keep going through all these divisions, like I said, you know, we're just cooking. We're just cooking here on the Flow Grappling Show this episode. Going to cook right through it. See what we can do. you know, see if we can come up with something good to say along the way. But the odds are not in our favor. The odds are not in our favor for this to be entertaining or fun for people watching at home. This episode is brass tax, baby. If you're down for the brass tax, if you signed up for just brass tax, just hard-hitting jiujitsu uh news and updates, then I'm your guy, baby. I'm the brass tax man of jiu-jitsu and it's time to collect. You know, inus 66 kilogram. This is the one where last trials it just shook up so much. You know, it was David Santos out of Milky who ended up getting the win in - 66 at the first South American trials and it was just crazy upsets all over the place. Felipe Machado, Kawhi Gabriel, Josh Flores, uh Fabian Ramirez, all these guys got taken out, you know, and then it just was this mix of kind of like new upand cominging guys. David Santos got the win. Diego Ortiz looked great. Bernardo Albuquerque looked great. Like just tons of dudes whoever who were able to like showcase that, you know, they're contenders for uh for something like Trials. This trials on the other hand I thought went back to kind of some of these guys who are still young and up and cominging guys but kind of you know the more notable the more the more top of that kind of echelon of upandcomers like Kawhi Gabriel like Philipe Machado these guys who Kawhi Gabriel's been to ADCC before you know he's an ADCC veteran so it's like obviously if you have an ADCC veteran in the mix made the finals against Fabricio in 2024 trials like you kind of have an expectation that that guy is going to be an athlete to watch. This second trials I thought showed more of these guys who you kind of expect to go on some runs doing just that. Um it was Kawhi Gabriel who ended up in the finals against Victor Debero. Uh he won the finals by decision or via points. He won the he won the finals via points. Punched his ticket to ADCC. Kawawaii and Philippe Machado faced off in the semi-finals. They had a pretty solid match for sure. Super sick. I think I think Feel Machado is one of the most exciting guys to watch right now. Feel Machado hit this flying arm bar earlier in the division. That was absolutely nuts, dude. Go back and watch that one. I think it's on Flow Grapplings Instagram, but there's probably clips of it all over the place. But Fe Machado is super exciting dude to watch. You know, I feel like he's got I've said it before on this show. If you guys watch all the episodes, uh, then you'll know like he's like this Peter Pan type of guy to me for some reason. you know, this like won't ever grow up, this lost boy in Neverland type of vibe and he just kind of like has this bouncy energy to him when he goes out there and he does sick jiu-jitsu along the way. So, I do think Flee Machado is a super sick dude to watch. I think I mean I don't know where invites are going to fall for this one to be honest. I kind of have no idea. Um, they announced Fabricio is invited. They announced Matt Gameamra is invited. So, the invites could be interesting this time. I think it's something kind of worth keeping an eye on is who's going to get those invites or not. But Flee Machado, I don't know. There's a case to be made. There's a case to be made for old Philippe Machado to kind of eventually pick up one of these invites late in the run, especially once guys start pulling out. You know, the divisions are kind of like, oh man, who's going to fill in for this guy? So, Flee Machado, I definitely think is a grappler to watch. But in the semi-finals, Philippe Machado and Kawhi Gabriel crossed path and it was a close match for sure. I feel like the decision could have gone either way to be honest. I really It was one of those where I was like, "Oh, I really don't know which way this is going to go uh for the decision, but it was Kawhai Gabriel who ended up getting getting the decision over Phipe Machado." Um, and then another guy I want to shout out because he's also a dude that I think is on that uh, you know, you should be watching list is Josh Flores. Josh Flores is super young still. Um, he's been, you know, gaining more and more experience. I've seen him at a lot of trials now and everything. I'm sure he's out there doing tons of opens and everything, but he made uh, the other side of the semis against Victor Debero. He lost that to Victor Delibero. So, obviously, Victor made his way to the finals, but Josh Flores is an exciting dude. He's fun to watch. He's really good. A bummer of a thing, I feel like, for Josh Flores. He had to fight Fabian uh earlier in the bracket. So Fabian Ramirez and Josh Flores had to fight. I believe they're both Vanguard guys, you know? So that's kind of like a bummer having to fight a teammate like that, especially when one's like kind of like a more established been in the game for longer type of dude like Fabian. And then you got like this young upandcomer who you've probably put so much into, you know, tried to help out so much along the way and stuff. Now it's like, damn, you guys got to you guys got to face off here at Trials. Someone's someone's dream has to be smashed so someone else's dream can progress, you know? That's tough. But, you know, luckily jiu-jitsu is a thing where you can take losses and stuff. So, it's not like it it's not like MMA where you can't really go on that bad of a losing streak. Like, you go on threeight losing streaks. It's kind of like, oh man, is this guy washed? Is is this over for this dude? Is he going to get cut? Is not really like that. Like, you can take losses along the way for sure, but it's just kind of like a bummer when you have to do it with someone you're close to, someone that you train with and all of that. But I wanted to shout out Josh Flores as well, but it ultimately was Kawhai Gabriel getting the win, punching his ticket. And then 77 kilogram. 77 uh Hobinho was the guy in this 77 kilogram division. Alanji Hobinho, ADCC veteran, world champion. Uh Hobinho, I mean, he just looked like a beast the whole way through. He he uh won the finals via points. He fought Guier Souza. If you don't know Geremy Souza, Geremy Souza, aka Little Leg, his nickname is Little Leg. I don't know how to say that in Portuguese, like Perania or something like that. Some someone who knows Portuguese, drop a comment right now. Let me know how to say Little Leg in Portuguese. I think it's like perania or something like that. I'm not sure. But little leg is a purple belt out of Melky Galva school. And on last episode, we tal we brought up little leg because I said like there were a little there were a lot like Melky Galva's team at the first trials made a huge statement. They were super impressive. You know, like I said, there was a little bit of witchcraft going on with the Milky Galva school. I swear if you if you took out a Melky student in the first trials, three more spawned in the bracket. It was nuts. Just an absolutely insane amount of milky guys making it deep. But there were definitely some notable names in that first trial from Melky's school out of these young these young kids that like I guess I've kind of met before at going there and filming with Mika and Dogo and stuff that I didn't think were in the first trials where I was like I wonder if they're going to enter the second trials cuz it's closer to Janja where uh Melki school is. Little Leg was one of them. But I did not think Little Leg would be going all the way to the finals. That is not something I predicted. I brought up Arthur Souza, Little Leg, uh, Little Fight is a beast. Collab Henrique or Kabi Pahara is an absolute beast. Kalabi is like one that's he's been kind of making a lot of waves and stuff. Pretty notable young kid. A lot of people call him the next Mika, you know, down in that in that region of the world. But Little Leg, like that kind of surprised me and it was super impressive to see this young Milky Purple Bell. He's probably 16 years old, I believe, making it all the way to the 77 kilogram finals. And he looked good along the way, too. Like he was he was throw, you know, throwing some little throwing some high-flying stuff. He was trying to do his thing, trying to show off that little leg is not to be taken lightly. And in the finals, I think he had like a takedown attempt on Hobinho. Little bit of a scramble, but I think he went like flying over the It was almost like maybe it was like a top spin type of thing that Hobin was just able to capitalize on the scramble. A little more experience, and he just stuck little leg. You can tell that Hobinho's got that grown man strength. You know, things are a little different when you got that grown man strength at trials versus little leg who's uh he hasn't even graduated to big leg yet. You know what I mean? I mean, how can you expect a guy who hasn't even graduated up from little leg to big leg be able to handle some grown man strength down in Brazil, you know? Um, obviously he did it a lot of the in a lot of his matches could make it happen, but Hobinia just stuck him on bottom. Whenever he kind of like spun over in this uh scramble situation, Hobinia took the top. I think he ended up mounting him, racking up a few points, like seven or something points, maybe a little more by the end of it and just looked completely dominant. But I thought that was nuts that little leg had made it all the way to the final. So, I wanted to give him a shout out. Like I said, someone drop it in the comments if you know how to say little leg in Portuguese so I can learn too. You know, ultimately this podcast, it's a Portuguese learning uh it's a Portuguese lesson, if you will. You know, we'll drop a couple lines here, you know, but I need you guys to help fill me in and give me all the details of the stuff I don't know how to say. So, shout out Hobinho winning 77 kilos. And then we move up to 88. 88 was a little more of a couple vets, a couple grizzled vets putting it on the line, making it happen down in South America, down in India to Brazil. And the finals, we saw Gustavo Batista going up against Charles Negraante. You don't want to wake up the lion, brother. You know what I'm saying? You don't want to wake up the lion with Charles Negraante. And ultimately, Gustavo Batista was able to get the win without having to wake up the lion. So, that played in his favor. He was smart. It was smart of Batista not to wake up the lion and he was able to get the win. Uh Batista won via points in that final. I saw I saw Charles Neggerante afterwards. He posted that that was going to be his last trials. You know, uh been doing it for a minute. Been holding it down for a minute, Charles Neggerante. You know what I'm saying? And I think he uh he said that in his post he kind of mentioned how it was just like he could feel the fatigue of running through something like trials was just getting to him, you know, was a was a bit harder than maybe whenever he was a spry young little a young little lion out in the fields. But Gustava Batista punch his ticket. I thought that was I thought it was cool to see Batista win trials and uh punch his ticket to ADCC. Gustavo Batista I feel like is a guy who's kind of he I mean he's definitely done pretty much everything you can do in the ghee. He's won so much maybe never won a world absolute title but um he's won pans he's won uh worlds basically won everything. Gustav Patis is one of the most you know dominant grapplers out there. I'll never forget uh whenever Jansen I think it was 2023 Jansen made the uh absolute and the heavyweight final and or not not heavyweight medium heavy maybe made the medium heavy final and uh it was like that was like the story of that world it was like this is crazy you know is Jansen finally going to take the mantle is he going to is is he's going to take over Besh's reign you know for checkmat at the top and then Gustavo Batista had other plans he went out there got the straight ankle lock injured Jans Jansen. So Jansen wasn't able to do the absolute and I think it was Eric Mun who ended up taking the absolute that year uh with Jansen injured. And you know that's just what Gustavo Batista does. He goes out there and wins jiu-jitsu matches. He gets submissions. You know he dominates and he did a whole lot of that here at Trials. So I think I think him being in ADCC is definitely sick. I think it's cool to have Gustavo Batista in the mix. Some of the best jiu-jitsu in the world. So definitely going to be cool to see him at Worlds. Let's take another quick little sip of water. There we go. That was our second sip of water segment. But let's move up to the big boys. Minus 99 and plus 99 kilograms. Now I know in the studio, the new studio, we can do whatever we want. There are no rules. No one can tell us what we can or can't say. And now I'm in an undisclosed room somewhere in the world where no one else is around. This is me as a solo production. You know, I'm running this from my laptop right now. I got so many cables you guys wouldn't even believe it. It would blow your mind how many cables I'm running right now. And so now definitely no one can tell me what I can and can't say. That's a joke, by the way. Someone someone at Flo was like, "He can't do that. He he can't actually say whatever he wants." It's a joke. It's a joke for the for the listeners. Um, so I'm kidding. I'm kidding. But this is what I want to say. The plus 999 and minus 999 kilogram finals were boring, you know. Um, I guess sorry for the critique. Who am I to critique, you know? Probably nobody. Just a little old Trey, you know, but as a fan, as someone watching, those matches were pretty boring. It just just giving it to you guys straight. Um, it was just all standing collar ties and, you know, just like weird hand fighting that was not really, it was kind of obvious that it's like no one was progressing for a takedown. No one was really actually trying to get in on a shot, trying to get in on a throw or a trip or anything to actually take it to the mats. And that was kind of boring. That was boring to watch as a fan to be honest. I 100% understand and respect the aspect of like once you get to the finals, it is about winning the finals. You know, it's about punching your ticket. It's about making sure that, you know, you take home the gold and you're able to go to the ADC World Championship. That is that is what that is about. You know, it's there's there's like I guess it it stands out when an athlete does care about the showmanship still in the finals. Like that's such an incredible thing. like Fabricio Andre being an example. I know we've been using him a lot as an example recently. Like that's what makes him so sick. You know what I mean? Is that even in the finals, you know, Fabricio is going to go out there and do some wild stuff. Like he's going to be entertaining from start to finish. He's going to be hunting subs. But I 100% understand and respect the aspect of like locking down the game, making sure you get the win. And that's kind of what we saw in the -9 plus 999 kilogram finals. We saw Venicious Lesa won the -9 kilogram division. and he won via decision. And then Pedro Lucas won the plus 99 kilogram division uh by decision as well. So that kind of rounds out who punched their tickets from the second 80C Brazil trials. Just to run through it again real quick, starting at the women's lightest going up all the way through the men's heaviest, we got Maisa Bastos, Livia Barisine, uh Yara Suarez, Kawhi Gabriel, Alanji Habro, Gustavo Batista, Venicius Lesa, and Pedro Lucas. Eight athletes now officially punch their ticket to the ADCC World Championship in Krakow Poland. So, shout out to all them. Congratulations. You know, it's a hard thing to go out there and put it on the line. It's even harder to come out as the as the top victor, the number one spot to get to hoist the grand prize a top the podium. It's a hard thing to do. Not everybody gets to get feel that feeling, you know, but these eight athletes do. So, congratulations to them. I think what I'm going to do now is I'm going to pull up this flow article we have. You know, I'm going to I'm working on my intelligence department over here. I'm pulling up my my 14th and 15th screens real quick. I'm going to pull up every athlete currently uh invited and ready to go for the ADCC World Championship so we can look at these divisions real quick. Let me switch over here. make sure that's still working so you guys can see. But we'll just scroll through here real quick. First, obviously, the reigning champions have all been announced uh with their official invites. So, going from 66 uh down or up in the divisions, we got Diego Hayes, returning champ, Mika Galva, John Carlo Bodoni, Kynan Dwarte, Phipe Penna, female divisions, Adele Fornina, Anna Karolina, and Rafaela Gettys, the reigning champions. And then looking at each division now with trials champs and uh other invites that have came out 66 kilos shaping up to be a wild one. This is G all these divisions are are starting to feel a little wild to be honest. I don't know how they're going to end up playing out but I'm definitely excited to see. I definitely think it's going to be kind of nuts. You know, it's going to be kind of I think it's going to be fun. I just think I think I feel like there's been some talk about the 2026 World Championship. You know, some people are having their doubts. Some people aren't about the 2026 World Championship. Obviously, I have a bias. I work for Flow Grappling. You know, it's good for me for ADC to do well, but I think when I genuinely think about what do I think about the 2026 World Championship, I just think it's going to be a fun ADCC. I think I think the venue, the fans, I think that's going to deliver. Like they they've went to one of the best venues in Poland. Poland has like a very deep MMA fan base, a very deep combat sports fan base that I think is going to fill the arena. I think the arena is going to be full. I don't think that's necessarily going to be an issue. As for what athletes are going to end up doing it, what athletes are punching their ticket, going to get invited. It's hard to tell at this point. You know, obviously we have some sick names in the mix. you know, especially once you don't just look at the reigning champs who are going to get invited, but also some of the other medalists who you can kind of assume will be invited mixed in with some of these new young upandcomers in each division. I think these divisions are going to be fun, dude. It might be a little different, which is, you know, probably not a bad thing for the sport to kind of have some different divisions, have things mixed up, you know, see some new guys, potentially see some new stars, you know, kind of emerge from the ashes of the fallen at the World Championship and kind of, you know, hoist the grand prize like we said. But in ' 66 we got Diego Hayes, we got Nico from uh European trials, Dorian Olivz from East Coast, Ryoma and Raku from the Asian trials, Yet Hane, David Santos, Fabricio Andre, Kawhi Gabriel. So definitely different names in there. You start putting in some of the uh the medalists like Owen Jones, Diego Pau, Josh Cisneros. I feel like these divisions are starting to become pretty sick, you know, and we still got West Coast trials to go. We still have another Asian trials and so I I'm kind of I'm kind of into it. I don't know. Call me call me biased or whatever, but I'm kind of into some of these. I think it's going to be fun. I think it's going to be a cool mix of athletes that should be pretty exciting. Looking at 77, we got Mika Galva. We got Magamemed Zarabayv out of the first European. Little Jacob Bornean, just an absolute killer. This dude posted a video of him uh shadow wrestling the other day just just mixing in back flips just maintaining a perfect stance through a backflip uh while he was shadow wrestling. Just a just a wild athlete. We got Isaac still in there. I don't know what's going to happen with Isaac. Like just being honest with you guys. Like I think everyone in GZ knows what's going on in that situation. I don't know if that stays or not. But we got Nikolai Vetro from the second trials. Julio Martinez from Brazil. Mattesh Gameamra, MMA, uh, you know, veteran, got the invite. And then Alishanji Hobbinho. This one, I think, too, like with some of the invites that could be out there. I mean, who knows, you know, who knows who else could be in there. Imagine Kad Ruo comes back for this one. Imagine, just imagine for a second Kade Ruo decides to, you know, that maybe he does want a second ADCC medal. That would be absolutely nuts. I also think maybe a guy like Taylor Pearman. Taylor Pearman could be uh you know waiting in the wings for an invite. Who knows? Minus 88 kilos. We got John Carlo Bedoni, Pavo Jorski, John Blancc, Joseph Chin, Marlon Tajjik, Franco Diaz, and now Gustavo Batista. This is also a division that like I feel like could change, right? Like Joseph Chambion in 88, like who knows, maybe he moves around, go 77. um got the established veterans like Gustavo Batista, John Carlo Bedoni, and John Blank in there. And then this crop of young dudes who are like super exciting grapplers, can make any division exciting, can kind of mix it up. And uh I mean really, I think are we're going to start seeing more and more of these young guys kind of take the mantle as the top dudes in the sport. Like Joseph Chin is is mustwatch jiu-jitsu, you know? Uh I don't I don't even think Joseph likes competing that much. I think he likes teaching. I think he likes learning jiu-jitsu. But boy oh boy, do I like watching Joseph Chin compete. I mean, it's just incredible. If you want to be hip to like some of the newest stuff, some of the coolest stuff going on out there, then you got to be watching Joseph Chin. Marlon Tajik, you know, a Swedish grappler. Like definitely super sick. Um, really cool. Just a cool guy, too, to be honest. You know, sometimes you got to give it up for just a cool guy. It's nice to have just a cool guy in the bracket sometimes. So, uh, Marlon Tajjik being in there. Franco Diaz punching his ticket at the first South American trials. That was awesome. Like that was an electric uh final and like that that butterfly sweep to the back he hit was kind of crazy. Repping Peru. I believe the second guy from Peru to uh be at the ACC World Championship. So shout out him. So yeah, I think it's like this division is shaping up to be a good mix of of vets and young hungry dudes that it could be sick. John Carlo recovering from surgery, you know, so I I feel like he'll be all right. Like you would think John Carlo would kind of like try and plan that around when he can come. I think my pick I I gave a early 2026 prediction. I predicted that John Carlo will repeat. You know, I think I think when it comes to ADC, John Carlo is just kind of unstoppable. So, I'm still riding with that. We'll see how it plays out. And then plus 99 or minus 99 kilograms, sorry. We got Declan Moody, Achilles Rosha, Nico Mitchic, Owen O Flanigan, Eli Braz, Adam Wardzinski, and now Venicious Lesa. Obviously, Adam being in there is pretty sick. Uh, we don't have Oh, we don't have the returning champ Kynan in this division because Kynan's doing the super fight. He also won the absolute, so he'll be doing the super fight this year. So, definitely opens up this division. It It makes you start wondering, you know, where's Nicholas Maragali in all of this? Where's little old Nicholas Maragali going to fall in this, you know, this cycle of ADCC? Is he going to get the invite? Are we going to see him minus 99? Um, I'm definitely stoked to see Adam Worzinski in the mix. I think that's awesome. Like I I'm definitely stoked to see Adam get the invite and going to be there. On Flanigan, one of the one of the mustwatch grapplers as well right now. Nico, super cool. Achilles Rosha is absolute killer. Declan Moody, one of the best in the game currently. So I think that division is also sick. And then plus 99 kilograms, Philippe Penna, Mark McQueen, Brandon Reed, Tito John Carl, Heisa Rita, Roosevelt Soua, Soua, and now Pedro Lucas. So definitely also shaping up to be a tough division here. Let's go through the women's real quick. My 55 we got Adele Forarino, Janette Glogger, Maisa Bastos. And then we have uh my 65 Anna Karolina Vieiraa and Janna Goodman and Livia Barasine. Plus 65 we got Rafael Gettys, Annabelle Lopez, and Yara Suarez. So obviously more of the females will be uh this the female brackets will be filling out more as the uh the second trials for the other regions kind of conclude west coast trials and then also the second Asian trials as well as some more medalist invites. So that's kind of where that's kind of where we're currently sitting at for the ADCC divisions. I guess let me know in the comments. Let me know what you guys think. This is this is a whole lot of me talking in this, but you know, you guys can can continue the conversation in the comments. What do you think about the state of ADC in 2026? What are kind of what are your thoughts on the World Championship this year? You think it's going to deliver? You think not? I'm team is going to deliver to be honest. I think it's going to be a very fun ADCC and I'm excited for it. I'm excited to go to Kkow. I think that's going to be dope and I think it's going to generate just electric moments that are synonymous with ADCC itself. You know, that's what you can expect from ADC, just kind of unreal moments, uh, big breakouts, new stars being formed. Um, so I think it's going to be a whole lot of the same when it comes down to it. But let me know what you guys think in the comments. And then the next thing I just wanted to talk about real quick is I want to talk about some of the stuff we got coming up on flow grappling because March has been an absolutely insane month. When it comes to this job, this is obviously an incredible job. I'm super grateful. You know, it's like there's nothing else I'd rather be doing than getting to make videos about jiu-jitsu. It's definitely a blessing. You know, I'm very grateful for that. I don't know if I can always express how grateful or I am in these videos and everything. I try to during the live streams I've been doing cuz, you know, it's incredible that people want to tune in and and watch stuff that I made and or that I'm a part of, you know, that's a great thing. But for it to also be about jiu-jitsu, something I love and care about so much, something I I do myself every single day, like that's a pretty incredible thing. But you got to take the good with the bad, you know? You got to take the good with the bad. And I'm not saying it's necessarily bad, but March has been nuts, dude. We've been working non-stop. I don't I think we've had like two weekends off in all of 2026. Wouldn't change it for the world. I love it. That's why I'm sitting here right now doing a solo show for you boys cuz I I want to deliver. If you guys are going to watch, I want to make sure I'm delivering stuff for you guys to watch. I want to make sure I'm giving you guys good videos, entertaining stuff. I don't always hit the mark. Sometimes sometimes gets a little boring, you know. I'm hoping this one's not too boring for you guys. So, I appreciate any, you know, die hards out there that sat through uh the ramblings of Lilo Trey. But that is kind of my goal is like I definitely want to put out dope stuff for you guys. If you guys want to watch it, then I want to make it, you know? So, that's what I'm trying to do. And that's been the the the vibe all of March, just grinding through the weekends, covering all these events, and we're not stopping. That's what I'm getting to. You know, you might be asking yourself, what's Trey getting at right now? Well, I'm getting at that. We're not stopping. We got PANS is this week. So, we got PANS going on March 25th to 29th. So, if you want to switch it up, if you're more of a ghee guy, I kind of I like training in the ghee more to be honest. I probably like watching no gi more, but I definitely still like watching the ghee. I think there's there's, you know, great stuff to watch in the ghee. So, we got pans coming out March 25th to 29th and it's shaping up to be pretty interesting. I think the biggest thing for me is that Tommy's back. You know, Tommy Langacher, I saw he's been he's been doing some seminars. He's been living it he's been uh you know, kind of traveling in a van with his dog. That's incredible. I lived in a van for for a good minute. Um maybe like a couple years or so. I was living in my van here in Austin. I lived in a van for a little bit in Arkansas when I lived in Arkansas. So, I understand the power of the van, you know, just the bare necessities. just just whittle down to things that are functional things that have utility and just, you know, no excess, just locked in and focused. Just living in a van. I didn't have a dog at the time. Now I got a dog, Kona. Shout out Kona. Best dog in the world. But at the time I didn't. Tommy's got a dog in a van. That's that's a winning equation, dude. If you're a guy who's been living in a van with your dog, I don't know how you lose. And it almost feels like Tommy's been on kind of like a vision quest recently. You know, just kind of out there looking for something. And I'm glad to see he's back. I'm glad to see Tommy's back competing uh in the ghee, too. You know, it's sick to have Tommy in the ghee. The ghee is better with Tommy Langacher. So, I think that's one of the coolest things about this pans is Tommy's going to be there competing. Super stoked to watch him. I think the other thing that's cool to watch about this pans is AOJ. And I think sometimes people try to try to paint a narrative that there's like a coverage bias on AOJ. I think AOJ has a winning bias. I think AOJ just wins to be honest. Their team is just getting better and better. They're winning more and more and they're filling out way more divisions. Like used to it might be like, okay, yeah, they got Tynan, they got P, they got Kola Bate coming up through the color belt ranks, but like maybe they didn't have like the full-fledged just every division. They have that now. AOJ has multiple guys in every division all the way up to heavyweight, you know, and then they have some some a couple guys in in super and ultra. Um those are still their lighter divisions for sure, but it's like the dudes they do have have a good chance of making a run, have a good chance of winning this. And so I think AOJ is a team to watch. Last year at Pans, they won their first ever uh male adult title at a major. So that was huge for them. and I think they're definitely a favorite to be watching for the team title going into this second one. But let's let's pull up some of the registrations for IBJJF fans. I'm going to go through this real quick so I'm not just reading off every name to you guys yapping for no reason. But so to look just quickly at these divisions, we got in men's rooster Jaylen Fasier. He's kind of been, you know, vocal about wanting to make a run at the Grand Slam this year. We got Betto Olivivera. Shout out Betto Olivivera. Um he's an absolute beast. World champion. I think he's a hard dude to beat. We got Talison in the mix. Talison's a dog. Uh and then Marcus Gomes is another guy that I think is you should be watching. He's a uh AOJ guy. Light Feather. Uh what do we got here? We got Pau, Harrison, Gabriel, Gustavo, Gawa, Malachi, Anderson, Dwart, Showya Ishagura, Clever Soua. So that one's definitely stacked. Mins Feather. Um, men's feather's nuts, dude. Like men's feather, you just like this. Men's feather could steal the show. It could end up boring. I don't know. But it's definitely one of the divisions you always need to be like keeping your peepers on, you know? Stay frosty whenever you're when the men's featherweight division is on the mats. But Kennedy Masel, Kabate, Joel Mendes, Sam Nai, Dudu Garrenzada, Adam Beretta, uh Daniel Satler, Sebastian Serpa in the mix. So that one's kind of stacked top to bottom. To be honest, I think a big story for the men's featherweight division this year is just going to be Kennedy Masel and Cole Bate potentially clashing kind of deep into the brackets at every uh IBJJF major. You know, we've seen it already this year. I think we're going to see it a few more times. Cole looked great against Will Wilson at the IBJF Grand Prix. That one was at lightweight. Obviously, he was able to get the win still. Now he's back down to feather. So, I definitely think everyone should be watching that one. Then men's light, we got Jackson the guy, the world champ, Will Wilson, Matteo Cardona, Fab Yuri, Pablo Lavacelli, Miguel Campos, uh Johnny Tamo in there, Tama in there, Danilo Morera, Kevin Mahatcha. So these these brackets are looking sick, dude. I think it's like obviously World Championship, that's the big one, you know, that's the one everyone, you know, balls out for. That's the one you want to win. I think Pans is like competitive with how sick the brackets can be, how dope uh the event itself can be. Like looking back at historic things, I recently went back and watched some of the 2017 Pans matches. That was where uh Leandro Low won his first double gold at Pans. He had Tanner Rice in the heavyweight final and then he had Joel Gabriel Hosa in the absolute final. He was able to beat Joel Gabriel Hosa via towh hold and uh beat Tanner Rice via points. But it's just electric to watch. Like go back and watch Leandro Low's 2017 finals in the uh heavyweight and absolute divisions. Like Pans is an electric event. Like you should be watching Pans if you're a fan of uh ghee jiu-jitsu. And then the middleweight division, we got Tyan Dulpra, Elijah Dorsy, Pablo Olivera, Matateas Luna, um Thiago Saboa in there, Leo Soua, um Gabriel Gavo, bunch of cool guys filling out the division. Well, I think obviously it's like all eyes on Titan and Dulpra. You know, Tina and Dra's back in the mix back doing these divisions and he's mustwatch jiu-jitsu. Elijah Dorsy had a sick match with him at Brazilos last year. So definitely some cool potential matches there. Matteas Luna. Also, the Luna brothers, I don't think get enough respect. The Luna brothers are unreal at jiu-jitsu. They're they're they do some crazy moments throughout the bracket. So, especially early rounds, be watching the the the Luna brothers. Be watching Matteas Luna. And then mediumheavy, we got Gabriel Costa, Luis Victor, Wanderson Fera's back. They got him on that weed charge. Stay off the weed. And he's back now. Paulo Merlin, Denilo Vuk, Young Alliance, Black Bell, Spirendelli, uh, Lucas LRA, and Tommy Langak are in there. So, I think this one could be electric. Mince heavy, heuchi, Mattas Rodriguez, Elder Cruz, Francisco Papa, that's a he's a AOJ guy. Um, super heavy, Nolan Stewart. Nolan Stewart looking to keep kind of making his claim for one of the top guys in the sport. Venicious Liberace, Winston Torres, Harrison Pera, ultra heavy. We got Sahif in there. Lucas Montalvo, Luis Kentahara, Anderson Kan, and then the women's divisions, Rooster, Ty Lorera, um Jessica Karolini, um Diana Tasher, An Lima, Maisa going light feather. She's also got the Fenegra sister, one of the Feneg, Ashley Faggra. If you combined the Faggra's ADCC's starting at last worlds or uh IBJJF's majors starting at last worlds and through this year, I think that's a joint grand slam. They could potentially do a joint grand slam. You know, if you mix Mia and Ashley, which seems like it should be allowed. I don't make the official rules. All right, I'll have to get IBJF on the horn. I'll have to talk to him, but I think maybe let's let's do a joint grand slam if Ashley Fenegger ends up winning all of the divisions. But Mia won the worlds. Let's go ahead and throw a joint grand slam prize out there. But Brenda Lissa on this one. So also in this one, Sophia Cassell, Yasmin Castro. Women's feather, we got Lissa Campos, Margot Curelli, Amelia Pakolski. Uh women's light, we got Sarah Gavalver, Jenna Maya. That could be a little bit of a uh a rematch there. Sabrina Gondam, Beatatric Jen. Women's middle, we got Liz Clay, Alexia Erantes, Jazelle Manz, Amanda Schwarz, Lillian Marian in the mix there. Gonna be cool to see Lillian mixing it up. Fernando Christa, Emily Fera out of Bruno Bastos. Women's medium heavy, Denise Kron, she just won Euros. Liz Mitravich, absolute beast. Kani Ramos, a killer out of fight sports. Then women's heavy, Lissa Diaz, Caroline Caramini, Leticia Tasher, Maria Maui Yasik, and Simone Abrau. And then super heavy. Not too many registrations, but kind of a wild one in the mix there. We got Gabby Passagna, Hanil Allen Carr, and then Rosa Walsh. Rosa Walsh is not going to be worried about a cut for the super heavyweight division. So kind of kind of cool to see her throw her name in there for the women's super heavyweight division. But definitely some cool registrations for Pans. I think the event could end up being pretty sick to be honest. So, I'm going be tuned in uh March 25th through 29th. I'll probably be doing some live streams here from this exact setup you guys are watching right now. So, if you want to tune in for those, I won't be streaming like the finals or anything for black belts. On Sunday, we got to do some uh WNO media day stuff. But, I think I'm going to try and stream for at least a couple hours every single day. So, starting the 25th all the way through Saturday to uh get some live streams going. So, make sure you guys subscribe to the Flow Grappling YouTube channel and be on alert for those live streams. Drop in the chat. You know, I try to mix it up with the boys in the chat, talk to them and everything. So, if you want to, you know, have a line, if you want to have a line to Lil Trey, join the live live streams and we can uh talk there. Some other cool stuff though coming up. I wanted to shout out Long Island Jiujitsu Network. All right, Long Island Jiu-Jitsu Network. These boys are doing some cool stuff out on the East Coast. You know, putting together some cool events, putting it down where some, you know, local grapplers, some regional grapplers are able to start cutting their teeth with some super fights, some brackets, some team events. So, Long Island Jiu-Jitsu Network, it's an it's a promotion worth watching. You know, it's uh it's going to give you it's it's like I think Finisher is probably like that that that upper echelon for me on these regional shows that I think are sick. I think they got some stuff coming up as well. The Ice Age is going to continue if I have to say so myself on finishers. And then it's like Long Island Jiu-Jitsu Network is like they're kind of like, you know, staking their claim to some of that regional tom foolery if you will as well. Kind of doing some cool events out there. But they're starting out a threeevent series in Connecticut coming uh the first one, let me check the date, is Saturday, March 28th. They're uh doing a threeevent series in Connecticut. So, that'll be a cool one if you want to kind of tune tune in and kind of follow along this three event series based in Connecticut. Uh, I think the first one might be a team event. I could be mistaken. Let me know in the comments. Hopefully, the Long Island Jiu-Jitsu guys uh see this and can correct me if I'm wrong, but I think the first one's a team event. So, that would be sick. Make sure you guys tune in for that. And then we got WO32 obviously going down March 31st. All of the matches have been announced. everything. The ink has dried on WO32 and we're getting close to the time where it's just time to run it, dude. Not much more talking to be done about WO32. We just got to run that shit, dude. We got the 155 bracket. We got the 145 youth bracket. A bunch of sick super fights. Nick Mataya versus or Mattea versus Little Jacob Bornman going down one of the super fights. That's probably the one I might be most excited for. I think both those dudes are electric grapplers, but there's a whole lot more where that came from. A lot of the youth getting a shot on this W, you know, so we're going to see what they're made of. We're going to see if they can, you know, deliver. I'm always seeing these clips out of the ADC Opens of uh youth competitors and just kind of like the crazy jiu-jitsu they're always doing. So, I'm excited to see some of that come to the who's number one stage. It's going down in Austin. We're at the Austin PBS venue, I think. little bit of a smaller venue, but there's tickets to be had. So, make sure you know you're gobbling up those tickets if you want to be there because there's not a ton. So, they're probably going to go fast. Um, but that one's going down March 31st. There's a whole lot more. There's a whole lot more going on uh on Flow Grappling as well. Couldn't talk about all of it, but that's just some of the highlights there. So, make sure you guys are tuning in for Pans this week. Make sure you guys tune in Long Island Jiu-Jitsu Network. Make sure you're tuning in for WNO 32. But I think that pretty much concludes this episode. Hopefully you guys enjoyed this. Hopefully it wasn't too unbearable just hearing me talk uh by myself for for 45 minutes or so, however long this ended up being. 50 minutes longer. Longer than expected. All right. Your boy can gab a little bit. All right. Shout out shout out my grandma. We call her Nene. You know, she always said that she passed down the gift of gab from her. So, shout out Nene giving me the gift of gab, I guess, to be able to run this for 50 minutes. Thank you guys for watching. Couldn't do this without you. Make sure you guys are tuning in for a lot of these events, and I'll see you guys in the next episode. We're gonna have the whole crew back, so don't worry about this. It might be a one-off thing, but I'll see you guys in the next episode.