Kind: captions Language: en And gentlemen here at the Thomas and Mack Center benefiting the Fair Fight Foundation, the Craig Jones Invitational has delivered the single richest stage ever in women's jiu-jitsu. In just moments, we'll see the two brightest future stars underneath the brightest spotlight in our sport. Live and free worldwide on YouTube. Here at CJI 2, we now present THE WOMEN'S 100 KG CHAMPIONSHIP. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; SET FOR five five-minute rounds. We'll introduce first to the pit fighting out of the blue corner. 24 hours ago, she demonstrated why she's one of the most exciting rising stars in the sport today. The 2025 IBJJF Grand Slam winner, having always commanded the number one ranking in every belt position. Now at age 19, she was just awarded her black belt well on her way to establishing a world champion's legacy all her own. Ladies and gentlemen, put your hands together AS SHE REPRESENTS TEAM ATOS JIU-JITSU BY WAY OF BRAZIL. SHE'S FIGHTING OUT OF SAN DIEGO, CALIFORNIA, SARAH GALVãO. SARAH GALVãO RETURNS to CJI pits. She had a great match against Anna Carolina Vieira yesterday. Dominated some of the wrestling exchanges, really exhausted her. Absolutely on fire, Brandon. I got to wonder, this is a big moment. This is a big moment for Sarah Galvão. Is she going to give in to the pressure of the moment? Her first time on a big monster stage like this, Helena? Been here before in some ways. Maybe not this. And now to make her way to the pit, she'll be fighting out of the red corner. As the youngest ever female podium finisher in ADCC history, she has now earned her black belt and at only 18 years of age, she's a two-time ADCC trials winner, the reigning Polaris 70 kg champion, and holds multiple IBJJF world and Pan championships. Here on day one, just 24 hours ago, she established yet again why she is a generational talent. Ladies and gentlemen, she's representing New Wave jiu-jitsu, fighting out of Austin, Texas, and she is the 2024 ADCC silver medalist. MAKE SOME NOISE FOR HELENA &gt;&gt; [screaming] &gt;&gt; CREVAR. &gt;&gt; [groaning] &gt;&gt; SO, HELENA CREVAR makes her way out. Different outfit from yesterday. She's always got some style going on. The hair is well and truly buttoned up this time. Had a great match against Adele Fornarino. Was able to mix up the top pressure and falling back for some foot lock grips here and there. Got the judges' decision win. Been competing on huge super fight stages. Take a look at the tale of the tape for this one. Both these ladies, like the key tagline for me, 18 years old and 19 years old, [music] both with a whole host of junior titles. They're now making their waves as adults. They're both newly minted black belts. This has got all the makings of just an outstandingly classic match. &gt;&gt; Yeah, they're the future of the sport right here. You know, this is the the youngest of the current generation to come through. 18 years old, 19 years old, and already at the very top of the game. And it begins. Tiger stripes for Crevar. Black rash guard and shorts for Galvão. Very interesting to see that Helena is standing and look at that, looking for the tie up. Now the pulse guard. And this is where you're going to see that pressure passing from Sarah Galvão. She's going to mix in pressure passing. She's going to go side to side, multi-directional. And look at this. Oh my goodness, it's already clear. That was exactly the passing sequence she used in that gi match at Pans earlier this year. She would stack her up, grab the belt, use that to pass. And if the name didn't give it away, I mean, you could kind of guess that she's Andre Galvão and Angelica Angelica Galvão's daughter just by looking at the way that she passes. Her style, it's Atos through and through. Sarah Galvão, of course, did the Grand Slam last year at brown belt. We spoke about that earlier with Mikey Galvão winning all the four majors of the BJJ competition calendar in a single year. Helena is just so disciplined with her guard. She does an incredible job keeping her knee and her elbow together, whichever side's being threatened. So, she doesn't allow any opening right there. Just a reminder, folks, we've got uh five fives on the clock here and it's open scoring under our traditional CGI rule set. So, the athletes and you folks at home and us in the arena are going to know who is ahead at all times. Trying to get this K guard going. Or a scoop grip, rather. And one thing we didn't see really in the gi match, we did not see Helena get into these kind of positions. And of course, in that brown belt gi match, she was not permitted to go for heel hooks and leg locks of that nature. And she's going to pass this foot to the top side. Try to get Sarah's knee to the ground and drag her into this back side 50/50 position. Knee to the ground, there's the figure four. Oh, Sarah just barely keeping her knee line safe. How about that foot in the armpit of Crevar to try and give her enough momentum to rip the other leg free. Oh, nice use pinning that top leg. Sarah Galvão. Her foot is still out. Now Helena's getting a little closer. There you can see she's trying to catch it underneath her up arm. Here, and see how she reaches through with her left hand to get on the front of the knee, trying to drag her into it. Barely slipped. Nice job navigating that by Galvão. Galvão looking to pass again here. That leg is not fully extracted yet, though. The ankle's still hanging inside the guard. Sarah's clear now and she resets her passing. Turns her again. Helena just keeps barely saving that position. So flexible with her guard, but you know, she's going to have to be careful cuz one of the classic things we see, of course, is that dilemma of mixing the upper body and the lower body attacks. But Helena's been kind of a very focused on the lower body. There it is, looking for the triangle stroke arm. Galvão passing on top here. About a minute 20 left in round number one. Sarah pops out to the side, trying to get into her north-south passing. Helena reaching for a grip, anything she can do to grab Sarah and try to drag her into the game. And they're away from the pit wall now as well, which is a little bit better, I feel, for Helena. But it equally so for uh Galvão because she really does like that mobile passing. She mixes up the the dynamic passing, side-to-side movement with of course going in with a lot of pressure. Into the final minute here. Judges going to have to start thinking about who had the better of this. I'm sort of leaning towards Galvão with the passing attempts, but it's very, very close. Still a little of time to go, though, in the the context of the overall match. So, a bit of a feeling out round here. You see Helena as well, she doesn't extend too much from bottom, you know, she's not chasing after Galvão, and that's smart. Like you said, Brandon, she needs to keep her knees close to her upper body, [clears throat] to her chest. Into the final minute. &gt;&gt; Five seconds here. Galvão trying to get position as the round sees out. They will, of course, keep going all the way to the end of the round. No one's going to rest on their laurels and Oh, and the Oh, we've had a clock malfunction here. We're just going to get this checked and reset. Yeah, some confusion, it seems, technical issue. They didn't hear the end of the rounds. The referee didn't get the notification for the 10 seconds, and we didn't hear the bell. Well, Helena pacing backwards and forwards. A good first round. Which way do you guys see that opening five-minute period? Probably not going to be surprised to hear I I would have to lean towards Galvão on that one. I mean, she was able to turn her over to that turtle successfully one time. Helena recovered very well, very quickly, and then she almost got through a couple of more times. Felt like she was the one pushing the pace on it. So, I got to give it to Galvão. Yeah, I I'm inclined to agree, Brandon. I think she was doing the better of staying on top, working the entries, being the one to initiate most of the action. And I think she was moment defending that leg earlier, though, but She was never really in any danger. Exactly. Early submission set up, but no actual attack. So, just making sure uh move technical difficulties are wrapped up as we get the clock reset here. Don't forget you can follow along with all the tournament action on the Smoothcomp app. Download it on iOS and Android now. Second 5-minute period on the clock and Helena going hard on the collar ties over the top here. Don't see that very often. That's definitely changing tactic. But, look at this. Throw attempt from Galvão ends up with her on bottom. She lost the grip of the upper body as the leg came across for that huge harai. Pinning Helena's knee in with her own legs and now switching off to a leg attack. Helena with good top pressure. First time we've seen this from Galvão in this match. I mean she had a taste of everything yesterday in her match with Ana Carolina Vieira. They were up, down, around. And uh she definitely has a bottom game. Yeah, let's remember this position. Helena Crevar sits up and big hand on the face to push her away. Sarah keeps her composure, finds herself back in the top position though. Really nice job by Sarah. We saw that tactic from Helena Crevar yesterday. She would briefly sit back on foot locks and then pop back up, but on this occasion it's cost her the top position. But, she wasn't even she wasn't able to hang on to the ankle locks yesterday against Adele, you know, she would kind of snag, just catch the foot briefly, like she did there against Sarah. Oh, watch out. Trying to snatch the triangle as Galvão looked to work her way around the outside. And this is the key thing that Sarah Galvão really needs to be careful of is that the famous dilemma between the upper and the lower body. When you're thinking about defending the lower body, the the attack comes on the upper body and kick out and reset. You got to remember under the CJI ruleset the initiation of action that takes precedence for the judges. Obviously, the effectiveness counts as well, but if Galvão's the one who pushes forward and it's defensive movements from her in guard from Helena Crevar only. If she's not coming forward and making active grips first, then that may count against her. Got to be careful. Double underhooks pass, but she's trying to Helena's trying to drag that arm out of there. Pull her into a triangle or an armbar attack possibly. Helena got a nice deep grip. Got her elbow in behind the shoulder so she could really put a lot of force and rip that arm out of there. Nice job, Sarah. And you know, the first round was actually split on the scorecards. It was two judges had it to Helena and one judge had it to Sarah Galvão. That's a great point, Hal. We of course missed out with some of the the technical issues going on with resetting the clock, but Crevar up for the moment on the judges' scorecards. Does that surprise you guys? No, I can see it either way. I'm a I'm a little bit surprised if I'm honest, but I'm not a judge tonight and I'm concentrating on other things while this is happening. Yeah, it was close. I don't think there was a you know, there obviously was two judges scored it one way and one judge scored another, so it wasn't like it was a clear-cut decision for that first round. Just like this second round is hard to call. Guys, how how hard is it when you're facing an opponent uh with such dexterous legs? I mean, you know, if you can get your your feet and your knees down towards the mat behind your head and invert, it makes the guard so hard to pass without grips. Yeah, Helena's hip mobility is incredible. The way that she's able to get her top. She's kind of looking for a false reaping here. No calf crush now cuz she's triangle the legs over the top. Look at her lock. But, see Sarah go belly down on this. If she can put the grip together that she wants, it's definitely possible. Helena scooping that heel. Pull the leg out. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; Well, Helena forced the active defense, not able to follow up and capitalize though. Look at the way that Sarah just dives in with that knee pinning the thigh. The pressure is is incredible. Helena's just so tricky though. Helena Galvão starting to try and rough her up a little bit here. Yeah, stylistically they just they're so different. And you know, this is the second time they've faced off. I can just see this match happening again and again and again over the years in every tournament you imagine. We'll probably see it in the gi again. We'll see it no gi again. We may see it IBJJF Worlds, ADCC Worlds. Who knows? &gt;&gt; The closed guard now for Helena Crevar. First time we've seen it tonight and she climbs that guard nice and high. &gt;&gt; for a dead orchard. She is. Yeah, that's a 10 seconds left. Both arms inside with a triangle. This is where that hip flexibility comes into play. Oh, she's locked up good and tight here, but time is going to expire. Not a chance to see how that position plays out. That was interesting. Very. Well, join FloGrappling with an annual plan now through August 31st. That of course is tonight. And get a free rash guard kit designed in collaboration with the one and only Craig Jones. Enjoy streaming access to the biggest and best live events from ADCC, IBJJF, WNO, BJJ Stars, and more all year long only on FloGrappling. So, we've seen the scores and all three judges Well, there they are. All three judges as you were about to say, Hal, going the way of Helena Crevar. What do you feel about that? Yeah. Yeah, fair fair for that round for sure. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; So, Sarah Galvão knows she's in a little bit of a deficit now. That's good. Thank you. You ready? Ready? Fight. Third round on the clock and then if they need them they go to the championship rounds four and five. It's a bit of a height advantage for Crevar and she's managed to kind of break the posture and and snag front head. But, she's going to pull through the guard again. Sarah did a great job on that guard pull of making sure her left knee got up the middle. Stop Helena from locking her up in there. Triangle. Oh, she ripped that out. In a funky position now. Yeah, let's see what she can do from here. Very odd position indeed. Crevar's really monitoring that outside first. She doesn't want Galvão to connect the legs here. And Galvão does not want her to sit up forward. Oh, she's going to try and attack here. Double under stack pass here. She's trying to get a lot of pressure on the neck of Crevar. Got to return. Got to watch those hips dropping back down now. Much better position. Best spot she's found herself in so far. And Crevar almost able to worm her way back to guard. She's got to try once more. It's nice work from Sarah. And now look at that sliding knee in behind the arm. Oh, Galvão up to not able to secure the arm. Crevar saw it coming. She's chasing. Great recovery from Helena Crevar right there. And immediately in on an attack of her own. Well, Helena was waiting on the back chasing. So, as soon as she traded from front headlock out to the back attack, that was the space that Crevar needed. She's got ankle lock grip here. She doesn't have the leg entanglement to really finish it, but that's a good bite. Now she's looking for it. You don't really need it anymore, man. That's smooth ankle lock ankle lock technology sweeping the nation, dude. You get that butterfly hook in on the back of the knee, which is exactly the position she's got here. She's got the left foot stomping. She can get the grip she wants and most importantly the depth of the bite. Really, I guess maybe you could even think of it the shallowness OF THE BITE. HELENA CREVAR WINS $100,000. IT SUBMITS SARAH GALVãO. AOKI LOOKING IN THE THIRD ROUND FOR THE $100,000. &gt;&gt; [cheering] &gt;&gt; HELENA CREVAR WITH THE SUBMISSION. INCREDIBLE. YEAH, what a performance from Helena Crevar. She was ahead on the judges' scorecards anyway. She kept going to the well on the leg entanglements. And eventually it paid dividends. Here's a look back at the finish and she just got the extension. You said it, Brandon. You get that bite, that shallow bite. It's all over. Look at the turn on it as well. Got the And she didn't end up having the butterfly hook in, interestingly. The rotation, a lot of breaking pressure through the ankle and the knee on that lock. Yeah, as you said, the heel popping out slightly at the end. Helena Crevar, she's been making waves for a few years now as a prodigy and 18 years old she banks the biggest prize in women's jiu-jitsu history went through two-time ADCC champion Adele Fornarino yesterday and an IBJJF Grand Slam winner in Sarah Galvao today. What a run. What a run. What a finish. What a statement in the final to win that record cash prize. Let's go ahead and join Mike Wiseau Williams. He has the official decision. Ladies and gentlemen, here in the tournament final, the income with 2 minutes 31 seconds remaining in round number three, the tap by way of an ankle lock by submission. SHE IS NOW THE CJI 2 WOMEN'S $100,000 TOURNAMENT CHAMPION, HELENA CREVAR. HELENA CREVAR, $100,000 richer. John Danaher, of course, still coaching in the teams final as well. He's been coaching Helena for several years. Alex Werdum is with our new champion. &gt;&gt; HELENA CREVAR. WE GOT TO GET A LITTLE SHOT OF THE little ring she's got here for the 100K. And you also solidified that win with a submission. So, how's it feel? Uh it feels amazing. I was feeling really confident on this match and the whole weekend I really felt on my best. So, I'm happy to have got in the win. Did you feel like there was even more narrative coming in that you guys had a match before and this was a redemption shot for you to really make a statement? Yeah, so me and Sarah fought twice in the past in the ghee twice. Um and I had the first win, she had the second one. And, you know, no ghee is my world. So, I knew I could get this one back and now we're two-to-one again. We got the queen of no ghee over here for sure. And up next we're eventually going to have team New Wave taking on B Team. Do you feel like team New Wave is going to be carrying in this winning energy to the team event? Yeah, definitely they've been doing great all weekend. They had a win yesterday in the quarterfinals and today very decisively in the semifinals. So, I'm sure they're going to take a million dollars as well. And when you were first doing jiu-jitsu at 9 years old going to competitions, did you envision yourself being 18 years old about to go home with a $100,000 with a great submission highlight to add to your reel? Uh definitely no. Like uh I was just like doing it because I enjoyed it and you know, I was never pushed to do it. I was just always been doing sports since I was 3 years old and I started jiu-jitsu when I was 8 and I just fell in love with it. Started making my parents take me to training and competitions. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Uh and yeah, never imagined that I'd be here today winning $100,000. Well, we love everything about you. YOUR PIGTAILS, YOUR OUTFITS, THE WAY YOU FIGHT. GIVE IT UP FOR HELENA CREVAR. SHE IS YOUR 100K WOMEN'S SUPER BRACKET WINNER. &gt;&gt; [applause and cheering] &gt;&gt; HELENA CREVAR, of course, fighting her way