Kind: captions Language: en Guys, at the beginning, at the very beginning, pull towards the very beginning. Keep it stored away. Circ. Position yourself. You can go. Caught. Position it well. Give me your blessing. Positioning. There's no rush. Okay. It's 9 minutes. Minutes to work. Positioning them, the footprints are there. That's where positioning comes in, huh? It's very sticky, very sticky. There's no room there. It's the foot, it's the foot. Bring it inside. Bring it inside. Call, okay? Attention, pulling with your right leg , pull with your right hand to dislodge your left foot that's under your piece. That way you can get in. Fight for your footprints first. It gives permission to adjust so much. Grab his sleeve too. Grab your sleeve. Grab your sleeve. In the pants. In the pants. It's good in pants too. It 's good in pants too. Grab the pants in your mouth. Stop wearing pants. Roger, fit it in from the right side. It goes in, it goes in, it goes in up to the knee. Then his right foot starts moving towards his painting. Not now. That position doesn't come into play right now, okay? We have to paint the position first. We feint to the right and enter to the left. First we feint the position, Roger. He feints to the right, as if he's actually going to turn right. There, there, there, there. It will open the position. It's going to open, it's going to open. When you can, turn right onto the inside. Aggressive. Aggressive. There's no more room for that. Then he went in. He entered from the right side. On the right side. Then it goes in, in, in. Enter enter enter. Go, go. Be careful because I have you. Look at the space. Look at the space there. There's no space to go into there. Just fitting it on the right side. Derí enters. Go ahead, go into position. The position will come into play there. He's going in, he's going in. He's going in. Right side, right side. Unclip it first. Don't do it, don't do that position. Unclip it first. That. If you don't plant your foot on the ground, you can't count. Once you get the grip right, you switch to the right, okay? That improves the connection and switches to the right. Step, step, step. Mark both, mark to go up. Try squeeze, squeeze. Hey, collar. The left hand must go on the collar. Left hand on the collar. Okay. When we have access, we'll put our left hand on the collar. The advantage of the foot. Stay in your position, keep taking the kill with your right hand on your sleeve. The right hand is the killer in the sleeve. Try to unlock it, there are five left. You have 5 minutes, okay? You have five and a half minutes to work. Attention, the right grip should always be strong. Strong right grip. When we can, we'll get our feet back on the ground. When we can, we'll put our feet on the ground. Be careful not to twist it inward. Be careful what's inside. Careful. Hand on the collar. Hand on the collar. The right hand has to go for the ball, otherwise he'll stretch it out. Be careful not to stretch. Your left hand has to go for the ball so that it returns it to you over the top of the stone. Lower your chest. Chest of the belly. Chest, belly. Chest, belly. Chest, belly. Chest and belly. We're in position 4 minutes. There's no rush, there's no rush. Your left hand is there. Strong, strong, strong, strong, strong, strong. Balance, balance, balance. Top, top, top. Top, top. Beful. Be careful when climbing again. Close your left elbow. Close your left elbow. Then, we have to take a step to the right, forward quickly, to get out of the hook connection. I quickly moved to the right. The front is bumpy. It has to be a quick step, it can't take too long. It has to be to the right, forward, right forward. People. J. There, there, there. Pass the ball to the right. No, squeeze, squeeze. Let's go. Let's go . Squeeze. Bring it inside. Bring it inside so you don't have to receive two. Bring it inside. Squeeze. Bring it inside. Squeeze. Squeeze. Bring it inside. Bring it inside, bring it inside, bring it inside. That way, don't let them both score, don't let them both score. Come inside, come inside. Come inside. That's why being careful only brings the fight inside. Stop right there. J. Stop right there. J. Go to the right. Beautiful J. Rog, you have to book yours, Rocha. You have to try disconnecting the right side, man. It's going to fit in for you. Come on, G, use your right foot to stomp and break the footprint. Step on it and break the footprint. Step on the biceps. In the biceps. In the biceps. In the biceps. Take your right foot away from there. Step on your bicep. Oh, G. You have a few minutes. Sque the J. Step to break the footprint, R. Step, step to break the footprint. Senti pisa. As long as we're on the ground, we'll be marking both. Step on it to break the footprint. Hey, now make your move to climb up. Do your part. He doesn't authorize his. One and a half minutes. Released, released, released. Come to your left. To your left. Left, left. Come to the left. Hey, hey, hey. Go up, go up, go up, go up, go up, go up, go up , go up , go up, go up, go up. Step hard, go up, step hard. Let's go. He's defending his position. It just goes up, it just goes up, up, up stomping, up stomping. Step up. Step on it, don't fall, don't fall, don't fall, don't fall. It sits on top. It won't fall, it won't fall. It sits on top. Go up, go up. Hey, G. Deactivate it to move forward, man. Turn it off, turn it off. Careful. There, there, there, there, there, there. Damn. Defend the door, defend, defend the position. Catch it, catch it. No, close it, Fix. Squeeze, stop, stop. Half and half. Don't let it go when you can't stay when you the whole Open up with your left hand. Open. Open. Don't let it go. Beautiful. That's it. Good. There we go. [applause] Jayen representing Alliance. Does a lot of his training with Cobrinhaj Jeff Hall of Famer in Los Angeles, California alongside Kennedy Martial. And that's two points for Jayen Fer to start this one off. Really nice timing on that takedown from Jayen Fier. Yeah, we went over this earlier in the Camora match, but again, a lot of times when you see a pull and a shot at a similar time, all that matters is who initiated it first. So even if they didn't connect folding to the legs as long as they make a grip if they are shooting first before the pull then that's going to be two points. If it's the other way around it's going to be scored zero for just a guard pull. So that 's what went on there. Now we're seeing lock up a very tight close guard. He had the body triangle for a moment. Now back to regular close guard. But look at that left arm. Danny really deep over the top of the shoulder has that overrap. And look at his right hand. He's looking for that pancrip. He makes the connection. But F doing a good job of preventing that right arm from going underneath the knee. Using that right hand to underhook the arm to make a little bit more space to reach the knee. But it does a great job of preventing that underhook on the leg or the grip on the pants and actually standing up to his feet. there were some really nice wins leading into this final. Defeated Frank Petis and Yuri Silva. Jayen had a choke from the back in his quarterfinal and an om in his semi-final. Look very very dominant on his run to this Raweight final. Look at that right knee diving through. Jayen doing a great job with his chest connection. Look how tight he is staying. Driving that right knee down to the floor. Brings both legs over the top. and immediately comes into mount. Incredible positioning from Jayen F. And look at that. He has an arm head and arm control finding his way to the back. This could be it. This could be it. Look at his legs climbing up over the choke. Wow. Amazing defense from turning in, but I don't think it's totally released yet. There it goes. Really, really nice escape. Jayen has a 9p lead. Great work by getting out of that choke just to roll through there and actually ends up on bottom. It's going to be two points for Jayen Van. gets back to his outside passing position. He is so fast and strong here. Use that left knee to reinforce that grip on the pant with your left hand. Today is stepping on the bicep going to that collar grip with his right hand trying to control the right side of Jayen's body. Like you mentioned in his corner is Cobrinha. Jayen coming towards the head again. Look how he keeps that leg stretched out that bottom leg so that can't bring his knee up towards his elbow. But strange positioning with Jayen's right foot over the top of T's neck. has got a grip on the ankle, but hard to say how he might use it because he can't come up to his knees, right? Because of that pant grip on the left hand of Jayen. So it makes it very, very difficult. To is a two-time European bronze medalist. Took third in 2023 and 2024. Jayen was in the RUS final at the 2025 Europeans a year ago. Ended up taking silver at that event. But then of course went on to win the pans in the worlds. Wow, what an amazing transition to that leg drag. But look at the defense from not quite opening up his back just yet. Jayen trying to elevate the hips. Trying to keep your hips staple to the floor and bring your feet to an inside position. [applause] Jayen oops to come back up to his knees to reset the position. And you can see how as he set through he got a little more elevation there the second time throw but not quite able to open up the back and oops to come back up to passing position instead. Again coming through throwing the legs by opening up the back this time. Looked like he was about to p through. Might have the arm. Oh, he's locked on here. Try to finish the arm bar. Oh, look at this, Danny. He switched from a shallow lap grip to the arm bar. He's gripping on to the near side leg as well. So, I think he has a grip on's right leg. That group is really important because it uh prevents the person from doing two things. One, turning to their knees and turning towards you. But more often than not, especially in this weight class turning away and doing that late escape where you run around and turn in. It would mean to die would turn to his left shoulder, straighten his arm out and come back up to his knees. When you hook the leg that makes it very, very difficult. Cobrin wants Jayen to go wrist wrist to wrist to break this grip. [applause] See him really in that th's got a grip on his lap gets some extension here to get the Jay is the 2026 Rosweight European champion wins his first European title as a black belt. [applause] Incredible performance. Three fights, three submissions for Jayen Fier.