Kind: captions Language: en It'll be the third time Tainan and Elijah have squared off in competition. Tainan currently has two wins, got one at the crown and one in last year's Brasileiro final. Yes, so it's been a little while. It's been about a year or almost a year since these guys have matched up. So, we'll see if there's any adjustments that have been made or major changes in the approach to the match. Elijah's looked very good throughout this tournament, super sharp and just very solid. Closed guard jump from Tainan D'Alpra. Tainan tries to reach down for the pant grip. Elijah strips the grip. Earlier we saw Leão jump closed guard on on Elijah. Oh, and as soon as I was going to say, as soon as the guard was open, he had some big outside passing attempts. So, not surprised to see that here from Tainan. Elijah steps on the leg, tries to dive through the guard. Tainan inverts and resets. Tainan has looked unstoppable in this event coming straight off his 100% submission rate performance at the 2026 Europeans. Elijah controlling the sleeve grip, grip, driving his left knee forward. Reaching under the leg. Going for a matrix style position. Foul. &gt;&gt; Nice scramble, but Elijah has an underhook. Wow. Great defense there. Tainan had a look at the back for a moment, but Elijah's counter and almost came up with that underhook in a passing position was great. Tainan hopped up to his feet to avoid the danger of that pass. Beautiful sweep by Tainan right to the mount. Two for the sweep, four points for the mount right off the guard pull. Incredible self from Tainan D'Alpra. Gets four fingers in the collar grip, his left hand. How so fast he stabilized the position as soon as he landed there. Yeah, really impressively done. One of the words often used to describe Tainan is precise. And so, he'll find like angles and timing for these things. And then once he gains strong positions, very, very rare that he loses it or goes backwards in any way, even against the best in the world, right? So, that says a lot about his ability to maintain and control dominant positions. Which is not always the case. Like, a lot of times people can have looks at the mount or looks at a pass or taking the back, but they create scrambles and they lose the spot and it's just not usually the case with Tainan. And so, I wouldn't be surprised if he is able to work his way to submission here just knowing, you know, his history with getting to the mount in high level, high profile matches like this. Elijah though very resilient, hard to finish. So, you never know. Elijah Elijah push on the hips, tries to kick and escape. &gt;&gt; Look at that and I was wrong. The kicking escape right back into a full recovery of the open guard. Again, you do not see that with Tainan D'Alpra very often, if at all. Really impressive. Tainan steps over the right leg. His passing has looked so on point, so precise like you said at the Pans this weekend. It has. But man, I got to say this is definitely the best we've ever seen Elijah. All throughout the tournament, he looked so good. And even that right there just says so much, not only about his jiu-jitsu, but also the energy. And as I say that, has a big grin. I don't know what that was about, but smiled at some of the refs that I think. It's a six-point lead for Tainan D'Alpra, 5 minutes, 43 seconds left. All of the points came from that guard pull into a sweep directly into the mount. Elijah has a strong lasso with his right foot. Wow. Tilts Tainan to the side. Yeah, tilts Tainan, knocks him down to his left hip there. Had the lasso with the right and a and the reverse heel hook with the left. Opened his knees out to the right side. Tainan jumps right back up. Tainan looking to be a little heavier on his right hip now after that, maybe making an adjustment here in his base. Now Tainan coming pretty heavily to the right side with that lasso still in play there from Elijah's right leg. Opens that leg up again, gets a little bit of a reaction from Tainan. Tainan knows he can't run too confidently to the right side without clearing any of that lasso first because if he does overcommit, there's that classic lasso sweep where he gets over uh over the top on the right and then gets tilted back to the other side. So, definitely see him looking to address that lasso before he goes for a full commitment to a pass. Tainan actually uses his left hand right now to climb up the lapel and get a better grip with his right hand. Now kind of sprawling back and going to the head going towards the head. Elijah's done a great job of controlling the wrist and keeping uh Tainan's left hand pretty deep. So, Tainan hasn't been able to switch his left hand around to the outside of the hamstring. But now he's using his hand on the on the bottom pant leg to break that grip and settle into more of a of a very close range half guard here, chest to chest. He's got a deep cross face with the right hand. See his thumb in the collar. Elijah bringing that right hand over, maybe potentially looking to uh frame off of that cross face and keep Tainan's right arm at bay. But now he's able to pull that out and free it. So, maybe it was just stuck there. Tainan controlling the hip with his left arm. Looks like he's switching to a knee cut. Elijah underhooks the leg with his left arm. Less than 2 minutes left. Tainan still leads by six points. Big pressure cut. Yeah, look at that cross face holding. &gt;&gt; foot free. Fully turning Elijah's face the other way. Kicks his foot free like you said. Makes it really hard to defend against that knee cut when you turn the head all the way the other way because you're rotating the chin away from the direction that the shoulders and the hips want to face in order to retain the guard. Looks like he may want to attack the right arm of Elijah Dorsey. He's got the left arm in between his legs. Elijah not able to use that to create any frames. It's about 1 minute left. Elijah trying to maybe look to get an underhook with his right arm where I can't totally see where it is. Oh, trying to grab the leg. That makes sense. Trying to maybe wrestle up here. Create more of an offensive position from this half guard, but stuck underneath the sprawl of Tainan. A lot of pressure coming down towards him. Elijah trying hip over and come to the top position. Tainan able to maintain his base here just about 15 seconds left on the clock. Tainan Oh, Tainan going for a finish here. I can't quite see what he's looking for. A triangle. &gt;&gt; This looks tight. He's got the triangle locked. 5 seconds. That's it. Tainan Dalpra wins his fifth black belt pan title. Defeats Elijah Dorsey by nine points. Swept him to the mount. Also passed his guard. Great showing from Elijah throughout this weekend in Florida at the Pans. Tainan takes home his fifth title. Two for two on major championship gold medals in 2026. Tainan looked fantastic all weekend. Finishes the event with four fights, three submissions. And just overall looked very, very dominant. Tainan takes his