Kind: captions Language: en [music] &gt;&gt; Let's talk about half guard. I really want to make a video about half guard because half guard is one of the most popular positions in all of Jiu-Jitsu and there's a reason for that. Half guard is kind of a unique position where from top and from bottom both people can kind of be chasing half guard as the solution to their problems. Let's talk about somebody who uses more of a traditional classical deep half. Right, I want to talk about Bernardo Faria. How can you have a deep half video without talking a little bit about Bernardo Faria? We have a match pulled up from the IBJJF's YouTube channel. These guys are always holding it down. This is from 2012 when he faced off against Cyborg. Also a legend. Let's go ahead and talk about Bernardo's more classical use of the deep half. Here we're going to see the entry, we're going to see the finish. You see Cyborg is working on this knee cut and he's actually got a great knee cut position going. Ray's got a good underhook on one side, he's got head position to the other side. You like a lot of things about this knee cut, but that's why deep half can be such a annoying position as you see that Bernardo throws his hand up under the middle and is already starting to thread the lapel. The lapel was always a big thing with Bernardo's variation of the deep half. So you see Cyborg is working through the position as Bernardo is looking to retain, looking to hold on against all this deep heavy pressure, but there the deep half ends up getting set. The foot is trapped between the two thighs. Bernardo is underneath the center of gravity where it's a little bit more difficult to control him. Here there's actually an unusual variation that Bernardo is especially talented with where the underhook on the far side is in, but because he has the lapel it's not going to matter as much, right? That's something that lapel helped out a lot with. So once he makes that transition, it's going to be safe again. Here you see the lapel starting to get handed off from one hand to the other and the deep half is set. The Bernardo sweep is coming, the Faria sweep rather, is coming. So here the deep half is set. Once the underhooks are in and Bernardo feels good about his grips, now it's time for the lower body to work. It's going to be putting the feet against the mat. It's going to be lifting the hips as high as possible and rolling up over the shoulder. Bridge, roll, sweep. This is the classic sweep from deep half. This is the sweep that you see so many people use, but in a more modern context, especially at these lighter weight classes, this can be a very difficult variation for a lot of guys to hit. Will Wilson has managed to find a way to bring this technique into the new generation. Let's go ahead and take a look at exactly how he's doing that. So we're going to start here. This is Will's second match of the day. It's the first time that he's going to use half guard. He's going to come up from this double pull and set his knee shield immediately. Let's stop and just take a look at all the things going on in this knee shield with the lower body. One leg goes in the middle, one leg secures itself with the knee at the hip and Will really locks down a low knee shield. Some people play with a higher knee shield where the top knee, in this case this left knee, is a little bit closer up high towards the shoulder, right? Once you start getting into that territory, it's a little bit more of a pushing retention tool. It's less control of the lower body, but a little bit more of an obstruction at the upper body. Puts you in good position for a few other things, especially if you're looking to attack the upper body, but if you want to get underneath of somebody and start to sweep, often we see people have their best success with this low, closed, very tight kind of knee shield variation. From here, we're going to notice something really important. You can kind of see it already. Will's really protecting his bottom arm. And this is going to be important and we're going to come back to this another time as we start talk about this half guard. We talked about the importance of making sure that you're not giving up a lot of position with the upper body. The more you let that bottom arm get controlled with any type of grip on the sleeve or any type of control on the elbow, the more you're going to let the person on top be able to hold you down and pin you because if you can't get that elbow up, you can't get your shoulder up. If you can't get your shoulder up, you're effectively pinned in the position. I see a lot of hobbyists tend to favor controlling the upper upper arm and doing a lot of work with the upper arm. When I look at the pros, I've seen a lot of people doing it at the lower body. Let's continue to take a look here. Look at all the work that Will is doing just to be able to keep his bottom arm safe. He's actually putting his hand behind his head just so he can create even more extension and really keep that elbow far away from his opponent. He knows his opponent's goal throughout this entire sequence is to get to that sleeve and control it. Instead, he uses that opening to secure two underhooks. One high, one low. One coming all the way around the waist and securing it to the belt. The other hand coming up through the middle of the two legs to be able to control underneath of his opponent. Both of these are important because now Will has accomplished what we talked about at the beginning, which controlling the inside space. There's no way his opponent is going to be able to get inside of his arm with any kind of underhook, top or bottom, right? So now Will has really set himself up well for the half guard. Now he's going to have to go back to a little bit of lower body position. The way he's going to do that is starting to elongate this position and starting to roll across his back to put himself into what's called deep half. Deep half is a very strong variation of half guard, one of the strongest. It puts you all the way underneath your opponent's center of gravity. And when you're underneath your opponent's center of gravity, you have the ability to control, manipulate their balance all the time. And if you're doing that as a guard player, good chance you're in position to sweep, score, take the back, do a lot of great things, right? We've seen a lot of people be very successful with the deep half. People like Leo Nogueira, people like Leo Cascão. Bernardo Faria obviously is probably the number one example. We'll take a look at him in a minute. Uh but now Will Wilson is this new next generation guy who's starting to bring this position back a little bit into some popularity, but he does this in a really interesting way. He set the deep half. He has his opponent Ethan's foot trapped between his two legs, but this isn't going to be good enough because this is going to make it really hard to score, especially as a lighter guy. You're going to need something a little bit more. So he's going to transition to the X guard. Right, let's take a look at this X guard transition. It's going to be very careful. Right now both feet are clamped to the outside. He needs to get both feet to the inside. So it's going to be a very simple pummel. Left, then right. He's always going to do it the same way. Left, then right. Here you see the left foot already coming to the inside and creating a nice strong hook. It creates space for the other foot. There the right foot is now to the inside. It's come from outside to inside where he's starting to use his shoelaces. He's in a nice traditional X guard here where you can start to control, sweep, and manipulate. This transition from deep half to X guard, I believe is a very powerful, very important transition here in 2026 as people want to start to make this deep half a little bit more offensive against people who are very mobile, people who are a little bit lower in weight class who tend to have a little bit more balance. The X guard is always going to be a great tool for being able to get somebody to sweep and seeing this transition, I really wanted to break it down. So let's go back to the beginning, talk about it one more time. And here we see that Will is keeping his elbow very far away, making sure that his arms don't get controlled and he's going to use this opportunity. You see the big space between his opponent's legs. That's a good invite. There's the grip. There's the grip. And now he's securing as much inside space with the upper body as he can. He rolls across. Left foot, right foot. And now he's going to do a full complete X guard where his legs are really controlling one of his opponent's legs. He has that foot all the way up on top of his shoulder. So now he can stretch out his opponent while staying under the center of gravity like we talked about, right? His balance. From here he's going to start to control different types of grips. Ethan actually did a really good job in this position of not getting swept for an extended period of time. We can just jump ahead real quick and take a look at exactly how he finished the sweep, but it was like a long sequence there, but I don't want to spend too much time on X guard. This is a half guard video after all. Here we go. We have Will finishing this sweep and the way that he's going to be able to do it is actually a way that a lot of X guard sweeps get finished, but if you're in an X guard, a single leg X, any kind of variation of X, the more you can control two legs, the more you're going to be able to knock somebody down, right? Just like if you're wrestling, if you have a double leg, it's easier to get him down compared to a single leg. Same action still goes for when you're playing guard, right? So here we see Will has thrown his legs all the way up over the top. He's able to kick his opponent around, wrestle his way up, bring himself all the way to top position, score his two points. And it all started because of that nice deep half transition. That was his last use of half guard in this match. The next match, the semi-final, had a ton of deep half. Let's go ahead and take a look at it now. Semi-finals of the IBJJF European Championships, Will Wilson is taking on a top 10 opponent for the first time in his career he's taking on somebody ranked inside the top 10. Let's go ahead and look at how deep half was able to be such an important factor in this match against Lucas Maciel. So we're here in the double pull. Even from the double pull, you see he already is setting up that low locked knee shield. It's really going to make it difficult for his opponent to do too much with his lower body. Helps keep them low where the half guard is going to thrive. Something that can really complicate a half guard is how much the person stands up. If the person's happy to pass on their knees, which has its pluses and minuses, then the half guard is really going to sing. From here, let's take a look now. Lucas comes up and as soon as he comes up, Will wastes no time getting back to the same double underhook position. Maybe not the same double underhooks that you've been taught and are thinking of, but these are still double underhooks nonetheless, right? Getting one arm underneath his opponent's center of gravity, getting one arm around the waist. He now controls all the inside position. If you're in half guard, that means you control the dance. From here now, he's going to look to start to rock his opponent's leg to the other side and transition. Left foot is already come inside, make space for the right foot. And now he's going to just look to do a nice little back roll sweep and come up on top. I think this is the cleanest example of this kind of sweeping series that we've had yet. Let's go ahead and take one more look at that. Awesome work there from Will. Here we are again. Sweeping position in a double pull. Locks his way into the half guard. His opponent decides to come up right into the deep path and he's going to roll him across. Look at how quickly he's already rocking into this uh position with his left foot, right? The transition has already been made as soon as he moves to the deep path to start to thread his shoelaces to the inside. His shoelaces being to the inside means that he has the ability to lift his leg and elevate his opponent. When you're in a traditional uh deep path, you don't have the ability to elevate anybody, right? You kind of connect to the person and that's a big bridge and roll. We can take a look at that in a minute, but if he tries this big bridge and roll, a lot of these guys are really mobile. A lot of these guys are really hard to sweep. It may not be so easy. So, instead, he's using this elevation principle to put himself in an even better position. So, now the left foot is going to move him up. You see him moving it up up up and there the other foot is able to come in. The right foot sneaks around. Now, he's got two legs in the middle. He can leg press. He can push this person away with a lot of force into this powerful X guard. When you're in X guard, you are looking for one of a few things to touch the mat from your opponent. Their hands, their hips, their shoulder. If you can make one of these three things touch the mat, you can sweep your opponent, right? Their hands, their hips, or their shoulders. In this case, Will is already pushing the person Lucas up and away from him, forcing him to uh do a handstand. The balance is already broken. Now, he's going to knock him to his shoulder. As soon as he's knocked to his shoulder, it's just a matter of getting up. There's the hands, there's the shoulder. Now, it's really just a matter of getting up. Next sequence in this match I really want to talk about is coming from knee shield. Uh here we see that couple of these same battles that we've talked about are going to come into play again. First one being with Will's bottom sleeve. Look at the control and battle for that bottom sleeve. Both these guys have the grip there and you see Will doing a lot of work trying to break that grip, trying to control that hand. Look at how much importance he is putting into this moment on breaking the grip that his opponent has on his sleeve, putting the hand behind the head and elongating using his left arm to try to add any kind of block to that. We're going to take a look at that in a second again, but he's finally able to break it. Let's look again at how important it was to break that grip for Will to be able to get his offense going in some of these grip breaks he was trying, especially this one right here, right? As his opponent controls, Will puts his own hand behind his head and then he's doing a big lean back, trying to put as much distance between his opponent and the object that he wants to grip as possible. And he's even going to throw his left arm over the top to try to break that uh as a counter force, right? If you can get two shearing forces working against each other, then it's going to be a lot easier. This is an important idea when you go to break somebody's grip, right? Think if you want to rip a piece of paper. You're not going to just like hold it and move one side. You want two forces working against itself. That way it'll rip the easiest, the cleanest, the best. Same goes with breaking grips. It's the same idea, a shearing force. So, here you see that same kind of shearing attempt. Eventually, Will is able to control his opponent's sleeve and rip his sleeve back, very important. And now, he's going to go into a pretty interesting little half guard inversion. We talked earlier about how important it is for his opponent to stay low to prevent certain things. Well, Will, as you could just see, was able to invert under and through his opponent's defenses even though he was so low. They're going to eventually transition from that inversion into a 50/50. It's going to be sweeping points for Will, which obviously he needed at this point in the match to be able to tie things back up. This is crazy sweep to be able to hit from the knee shield. One thing you have to understand is to be able to hit this kind of sweep, often you're going to need a very, very strong core, which Will obviously has. But still, I think it's such an interesting one that I want to take another look at it. Usually, we would see somebody invert in this way starting from like a reverse daily heva, which is obviously a very similar position to a knee shield, right? You have one leg in the middle, you have one leg up on that top hip monitoring, but the big difference is your opponent's decision. Your opponent has not uh chosen to stand, instead they're down on two knees. The reason you drop down on two knees, you have less mobility, but you have less space for your opponent to be able to invert underneath. So, what Will's going to do is he's going to keep his legs locked in the exact same way. You're going to see this knee shield lock hold throughout the sequence of the move till he tries to start taking the back. Uh instead, he is rolling across his shoulders and forcing that lock to make his opponent open up the space that he wants. So, here he rolls and rolls underneath. By uh by the time he gets his head underneath, the position is basically identical to what you could create with a reverse daily heva. So, by being able to come up to all fours in that way and create that space for himself, Will's able to take away his opponent's advantages from being on two knees while still keeping all the advantages that he has from them being on two knees. It's great stuff. Will comes up to all fours while keeping that lock on the lower body. This is pushing his opponent back and away and now it's going to be a roll over his left shoulder in this case that brings him underneath and in the middle. Now, he's starting to get into these baby bolos. There's a lot of different things that could happen. His opponent recognizes a lot of this, ends up conceding basically to the 50/50 by stepping around and keeping himself a little bit safe. But it's really, really awesome work from Will and this was a really critical moment in this match. Here you see his opponent decide to concede the 50/50 by passing the leg across rather than risking his back getting taken in any longer sequence. Now, we're into the finals. Will has been able to ride his half guard skills all the way up to this point scoring several key upsets. It's been a crazy run this far. Now, he's facing off with a very tough guy, but that half guard was able to become a factor even in a an IBJJF major's finals match. So, let's go ahead and take a look at how Will was able to make it work. Here we see his opponent Mateo is starting to uh put together some attacks, starting to put together some really good guard passes, right? Uh but as Will is able to retain, he's able to turn that directly into some type of offense. That's really a lot of what we see from the best guard players at the professional level is the retention and the offense starts to blend together, right? It's not so much to uh uh it's not enough to separate the two and set your guard and really start getting ready. A lot of times you have to find a way to move right from their action into your action if you want to be successful against some of the best in the world. Let's take a look. You see his opponent putting together some good loose passing, trying to get around the outside, keeping his legs far away. Will is doing as good uh uh as he can inverting and there you see he's able to create, he's able to find and catch the deep path in the middle of this sequence. Let's go back a little bit. As his opponent is here on the outside, Will is starting to invert and keep his frames together. And as he inverts and puts his frames back in, he's able to with his legs capture his opponent's trail leg. As he captures the opponent's trail leg, he doesn't get a lot of it. He just gets the ankle, but that's okay because as the same time uh at the same time that he's doing that, he's starting to underhook here on this side. His opponent's starting to think about high stepping out, but you see this deep figure four of the legs is going to make that very difficult. And now, Will is starting to roll from one side to the other so that he can invert around and start to find this deep path. The position is set. Now, Will was able to turn the retention directly into an offensive position where he's going to be able to attack from. So, this is going to be an extended finish like many are from half guard uh because Mateo's going to do a good job of finding a Kimura. Obviously, Mateo is very talented as well. He's an IBJJF black belt major final. Both these guys are going to be very, very talented, very, very skilled. Uh and so, they both have counters for each other's moves. Uh as Will works into this deep path, something that can happen if you don't keep your arm tight enough is your opponent's able to counter attack it. And that's what we see here as Mateo locks onto a Kimura. Let's skip ahead a little bit to where Mateo has the Kimura locked up and then Will's able to figure things out. Here we see that both guys have something that they like. Mateo has the Kimura and he's even starting to put the hand behind the back, which is really, really red flag danger territory for uh for Kimuras. But Will has been able to use this time to transition from his deep path into an X guard, right? And when he has X guard, what's his advantage? The ability to push his opponent's hips up and away from him, which is really going to complicate any submission attempt, right? So, let's go ahead and take a look the sequence as it plays out. You see that Will is starting uses X guard to move his opponent around. He's got great grips everywhere. One foot is up at the hip, one foot back behind the knee. Foot in front of the hip, just like you bend forward at the hips, a foot is holding there. A foot behind the knee, just like you bend at the knee, a foot is holding there. When you hold the way the body bends, it's going to hold for longer. It's a natural hook. Uh and Will's been able to use this very well. On the other side, you see a deep underhook all the way up to the belt with the grip. He's got control of both legs and now he's starting to move his opponent around. What did we talk about? Hands, hips, shoulder. If any of these three things hit the mat, you're starting to get in position to sweep. We can see it here in this Kimura that Mateo's shoulder is on the mat as Will is starting to push his weight up and away. That usually means, yep, that you're in sweeping position. Mateo lets go of the Kimura and now Will, like we talked about with the first sweep, is starting to control two legs. Now that he's cleared the Kimura, it's just a matter of finding the angle that his opponent can't defend and he kicks him up over his left shoulder and then down over his right hip in a nice parallel, right? Once he's able to find that parallel to work on, he was able to uh knock Mateo down to his hips. Now, it's just a matter of building base and getting up. Once he's able to do that, there's his two points. And that would end up being the deciding two points in this IBJJF European final for Will Wilson. Let's go back and take a look at the finish on that one last time. Here we see in the X guard again, one foot behind the knee, one foot in front of the hip. One hand under hooking the leg. Now, let's take a look very specifically at the way that he knocks him up and over to one shoulder. And where's the next force going to be in the exact opposite direction as he takes him over. That kind of cross action is very important when you're facing these opponents who are very skilled, very athletic, have good balance, are able to stay on top very, very well, right? Being able to work in those cross directions is usually what best frustrates people's opinion abilities to stay on top. Really been liking watching Will Wilson compete lately. This guy is a guy who is always doing some interesting stuff on the mats. I'm really excited [music] to watch him at IBJJF Pans going down later this month live exclusively on FloGrappling. Make sure you tune into that. And if there's any other grapplers or moments or positions or anything like that that you guys want to see us break down, make sure you hop in the comments let us know. My name is Joe Gilpin for FloGrappling. [music] We'll be back soon. &gt;&gt; [music]