Kind: captions Language: en Oh, straight sits back onto the leg there. &gt;&gt; He has a speed. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; There have been a lot of evolutions in the leg lock game over the last 10 years, uh, since leg lock started to become a much bigger part of jiu-jitsu, especially noi jiu-jitsu. Uh but recently I feel like I've noticed a big change and a big evolution in strategy that I wanted to break down with you guys. Uh and to really understand appreciate what that strategy is, we got to start at the beginning, right? We got to start to understand what were the best practices when leg locks started to really get popularized. And one of the best practices that we saw was that leg locks were best done from a bottom position, right? they were a technique for the guard player to be able to throw up leg locks in combination with sweeps, back takes, and other types of submissions that they might fancy. I feel like we're starting to see that change. And I feel like we're starting to see that change in a way where the top players are starting to prioritize leg locks and finding ways and opportunities to drop back on leg locks that are really advantageous, really opportunistic, really effective. And today for flow grappling, I want to uh I want to go ahead and break down a few of those examples. some people are doing that really well that I saw lately. So, let's go ahead and get into a few examples. Right. So, our first example is going to come here uh from one of the most recent Polaris events that went down. Polaris 35. It was a squads event. Awesome event. Still available on flow grappling if you guys want to check it out. Uh and here we saw a really good example of Ono Flanigan dropping back on a foot lock against Lucas Lra. Both these guys are world class, but boom, you see the easy drop back puts the pressure on, is able to get the quick tap against Lucas. Now, that seems much simpler than it is. And the reason it is is because there's a really important idea that's kind of underlining these. We're going to go ahead and look back at that a second, but uh with guard passing, especially guard passing, as you pass the guard, your opponent has to react obviously, right? And how are they reacting? usually by extending their leg, right? And the more they extend their legs to make contact with you, the more they're offering their legs. The same way if they were reaching out and grabbing you with their arm, they're kind of leaving themselves vulnerable to an arm lock of some kind. Right here, instead, people are starting to realize that the more our opponent extends the leg away, leaves them vulnerable for a submission. What's the good part about this? Obviously, get the submission. What's even better? The more you make somebody worried about the submissions, the more they're going to retract their guard, and the easier it's going to be to move around their guard, to pressure into their guard. The submissions and the passing are ultimately going to open each other up more. And I think the top players of the next generation understand this, and I think they're implementing it into their games a lot more. Let's take a look at Owen again getting it done here against Lucas LRA. So, here we see Lucas is playing guard. uh he's kind of inverting around just trying to keep his opponent uh in front of him, maybe try to find something, but he's not playing with the most uh tension in the world, right? He's kind of trying to let the match open up and play to him. But without that tension and with the leg very extended away, with the foot very far away from the hips and the knee far away enough from the chest, it's easy for Owen to start to grab onto the Achilles, slide his right knee up into the middle, and throw his left leg up over the top for a reap. This creates a nice single leg X position, Nashi Gurami, some might call it, with a lot of pressure against the knee because of that reap as he's crunching on the foot. Because of the angle of this, I would say that a lot of the pressure is probably happening mostly on the inside of Lucas's knee because of that reap. It's a little bit more of a Z-lock type of position than anything. And once he goes belly down, you see the tap. Belly down. Foot locks always going to be a little bit more powerful than any other variation, right? You get a lot more body weight. You get a little bit more leverage, a little bit more ability to open up with the chest compared to being in a belly up position. So you see the tap there, but it's a really good example of somebody dropping back for a foot lock, uh, one world class guy against another and being able to get the tap there. And the reason is this extension contraction dilemma that gets presented to the guard player. Let's take a look at another example here. So here we see Cola Bate. Colate always on the newest trends, always developing the next thing in his game, always evolving his techniques. And here he's taking on a very tough opponent, Danilo. Denilo obviously world class. We've seen him take on some very tough people in some very high level organizations. Uh, but here we're going to see Cole start to combine this loose passing with some of these attacks, right? Something important to keep in mind, we saw with Owen when he dropped back, it was just on a simple straight foot lock. And that's because the legs were directly in front of him. Uh, there's another type of dropping back that we're going to see where the leg is across you and you're actually able to drop back into inside heel hooks in these kind of more powerful attacks. I would say over the last few years, some of the most devastating inside heel hooks that I've seen were actually initiated from the top player because the skill level that people have on getting out of things like the saddle position and 50/50. Top players are really good at high stepping out of that stuff now. But I'm seeing a lot of guys being able to set up some pretty good stuff, especially like this. Let's take a look at Kabate as he looks to pass the guard. He throws that leg to the side and boom, quick one. It is that leg drag position that we know all of those AOJ guys really specialize in. and the Mendes brothers started it, the TT team even before them. Uh, and now it's being passed down to Kabate, who's evolving on top of this position, right? He's not just taking this position that the Mendes brothers specialized in. He's building on top of it and finding new ways to attack for him as the Nogi instructor that's going to be setting up this inside heel hook combination attack from the leg drag. Let's take one more look. So, here you see Cole gripping his opponent's heel, starting to move around to the side, and he throws his opponent's leg as he transitions from one to the other. Let's slow that down even a little bit more. You see he's here on one side of the body. He starts to move around to the other side of the body and start to throw that leg across. This is a pretty standard leg drag puddle pass, right? Guys will take ankles, throw them east, throw them west, try to find a good position and start to drive that knee back behind one of the legs when they feel like they have it all the way across. Once the leg is across and you drive your knee forward, you start to create that leg drag. What's the problem? Your opponent's going to swivel. He's going to throw the other leg in. in a very similar to a lasso type of weave and start to regard. But if you pull that leg across and before they get a chance to regard, you're going to have a small window there where you could throw that elbow back, start to expose the heel, drop back. And that's exactly what we're going to see Cole doing here. You see him hunker down to really close space and really connect himself to the leg much easier. That hand comes back and the first thing that he really sets when he gets to his attack is going to be his grip, holding the ankle. There's a a grip first uh heel hook. There's a couple people that are really big advocates of this. Lachlan Giles is another guy who uh has done a lot of like gripping first then you set your legs type of heel hooks. Now Cole falls back. He uses his bottom leg in this case to uh thread over similar to a 50/50. Here it's actually stepping on the hamstring preventing even more rolling. I think that's very interesting too. The other knee is coming around to hug tight so his opponent can't uh roll as easily. There's a little bit more connection, keeping the opponent's knee within Cole's knee line, making a lot of pressure very, very quickly in this position for Kabate as he gets the quick tap. So, here we see the loose passing. There's the pass off. Bottom leg threads over and drops onto the back of the knee and the hamstring on the far leg rather than just threading to a simple 50/50. Notice that it's very interesting, high level stuff. The other leg is making sure his opponent can't roll as well by coming in creating a counter force pinching around the knee and there's the tap. Two more examples that I want to break down and they are both of the same guy. They're both of Julian Espinosa. I think that Julian Espinosa is almost criminally underrated in the jiu-jitsu world. Right. This is a guy who every time he comes to the mat fully prepared to put on a show, this guy has maybe the most dynamic takedowns in the sport of Brazilian jiu-jitsu. This guy's pulled off some of the craziest chokes, arm bars, leg locks that I have seen. He's always doing things that are really technically interesting. He is always taking on some of the best in the world at multiple different weight classes. I think Julian's a stud. I love watching this guy compete. I can't wait to watch him compete at Wo 32 later this month for the WO lightweight championship. So, make sure you check that out. Maybe you can see some of the stuff that we're talking about when he takes the mats there. Let's look at him dropping back on one of these leg locks against Joto at last year's Nogi Pants. Here you see he's putting pressure from the half butterfly. Now this is a very difficult position for to leg lock from from top. Why the legs are to the inside and that is going to make the legs uh safe for many of these traditional style of attacks. It's going to take some kind of leg pummeling to get anything going. From here, Julian was able to push on the shins, free his legs, tripod up and around to the side control, and start to force his opponent to regard. And you might notice we're starting to get to a pretty similar position. And there's the attack. He drops back for the heel hook and is able to secure the finish. Very similar to what we just saw Kabate doing. So this is something that not just Cole's getting on to, but more and more people are starting to notice thread to the leg drag, but rather than trying to pass on the leg drag, which is very rare in no ghee without the grips, instead it's offering you a great position to drop back. Instead of passing towards the head to secure the submission, you're uh uh dropping back uh towards the foot to secure the submission. Pretty interesting. Let's take one more look. Here he's threaded his way around to side control by posting on the shin and hopping his uh feet around there. The heel presents itself. And very similar, it's a heel first, legs second type of attack. Where do the legs end up? It's not actually as important as some of these other attacks because the securing of the heel is so strong, right? you're making up for a lot of deficiencies that you might end up with in the leg entanglement because of the strength of everything else in the lock. This is one of the craziest submissions of last year that people really didn't talk about enough, right? Uh this is Julian's leg lock that he hit at Nogi Pans. This was an absolute highlight reel and there's a great example of what we're talking about of being able to hit a leg lock from top position. And what's even more interesting is it doesn't start from top position. This starts as a single leg but transitions into a takedown immediately into a submission. Beautiful, beautiful stuff. Uh so here we see Julian is standing with the single leg. Important that he has the single leg where across his body. You can have a single leg to the same side or the person is directly in front of you where if they wanted to jump guard on you maybe they would be able to do that. Or you can have the leg across your body. It's a much safer position theoretically for a lot of this stuff. And uh Julian's found a way to make it a more dangerous uh position for his opponent. Walking around with him, he's going to skewer with a little trip there to get him down and immediately transitions into a brutal reap and foot lock. Unbelievable finish. Still pretty early in the match. That is feet to Florida submission all in the blink of an eye. Julian Espinosa, this is one of my favorite performances that you had last year is unbelievable. Let's take another look here. Here he's walking his opponent around nice and slow trying to get his opponent walking there. He upsets the balance with a nice little trip. But as soon as his opponent's butt hits the mat, he takes his outside leg and he threads it up and over the top. He's not going to worry in this case about pushing himself into any kind of heel hook. He's already got a good grip on the Achilles. Let's take advantage of it. Right? We see a lot of people finish single legs and don't follow up on it. Right? Instead, they're trying to scramble for position. Julian said, "I don't want to do that. I want to scramble for submission and end this fight. He throws the leg up over the top and rolls across his shoulders to end up back on his back. Now he's got a an inside position with both legs or cross ashi as you might call it, saddle as you might call it, 411 as you might call it. He's got the Achilles lock. He's going to hip into that like a mug and eventually get the tap. Julian elevates the guy, kicks that foot out, and kicks the leg over and finishes his roll. Hips in for the Achilles lock, gets the win, gets the dub. So, the next time you tune into a Nogi event, start to take a look at how many people are finishing fights from the top position with these leg locks, right? This is no longer just something that the bottom player has in his arsenal. We're seeing it from the top player in a lot more of their tool kits. Uh, if you want to see Julian Espinosa, make sure that you tune in March 31st to Flow Grappling when he takes on three other men in a one night Grand Prix for the WNO Lightweight Championship. Uh, my name is Joe Gilpin. If there's any other grapplers or athletes or situations, positions, anything like that you guys want to see us break down, make sure you hop in the comments, let us know. We'll be back soon.