Kind: captions Language: en What's up everybody? Welcome back to the Flow Grappling Show, aka the worst show on the internet. I'm Trey Robinson. That's Big Uncle Reed right there. And then we got Joey Gilps over there. And we're in the new studio, baby. &gt;&gt; Oh, how do we get here? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; We We transported from We started out on a couch in somebody's basement. Then we moved to this slick new studio at Flow HQ. Then we went back to a couch in somebody's basement. And now we're back in an even newer and better studio here at Flow HQ. And I want to I want to be the first to do something in this studio. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; I'm going be the first to moonwalk in the studio. Watch this one, boys. Get a wide shot of commentary. &gt;&gt; Oh, no. Ready? &gt;&gt; Trey has a &gt;&gt; five out of 10 moonwalk. &gt;&gt; Pretty close to a moonwalk. &gt;&gt; That's Trey's the first person to nearly moonwalk. &gt;&gt; They told me I wasn't ALLOWED TO. I DID IT ANYWAYS, DUDE. NEW STUDIO, NO RULES. WE CAN DO WHATEVER WE WANT IN HERE, DUDE. anything we want. And guess what I want to do today? &gt;&gt; Talk Polaris. &gt;&gt; Talk about Polaris. &gt;&gt; Talk about Polaris. &gt;&gt; Talk about jiu-jitsu. &gt;&gt; Talk about jiujitsu. &gt;&gt; Talk about little W and we're switching it up. &gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. A little something different today. We're going to recap Polaris and then we're going to preview ADCC trials. Then we're going to talk a little W32 retake. I'm going to catch my breath for walking. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that was I don't like that people can see our legs but can't see Trey's legs. That makes me feel weirdly exposed. I don't know why. &gt;&gt; Good point. You don't want to see Trey's legs anyway. &gt;&gt; I got some bunggin going on, man. &gt;&gt; After that moonwalk, they're quivering. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm shaking behind there, you know. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, Polaris 36 went down this weekend from Cudden London. I think I think Cudon is like the specific area, you know. Um, overall pretty sick card. I guess we can kick it off with just any big standouts from the card that you guys think. Was there anything specific that stood out to you guys? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I would love to start by talking about actually uh Owen Jones taken that to me was the match of the night. Owen Jones taking the featherweight title from Giani Grippo. Uh both men I thought really acquitted themselves well, but man, just watching how much Owen has evolved his game, the wrestling, the passing. Uh but still, you know, throwing it back to, you know, the reverse close guard and some of the crazy leg entries, had a wild arm bar at one point. Owen Jones to me, MVP of the night, did awesome. It was crazy, man. Yeah, I feel like, you know, Owen has kind of been uh labeled a little bit as like a guard player and it was just awesome to see, like you said, how much his guard is is um I mean, how much his his whole game is evolving. You know, as I was watching it, I was like, man, we we can't keep letting these Brits take us down. Like, what are we doing? On Flanigan out there is looking like a world class wrestler. Owen Jones looking like a world class wrestler out there. So, um I was surprised at that, but it just goes to show you I think Owen really is just such a student of the game and is constantly evolving. And um man, that uh that armbar entry that he had in this match might have been that like the sickest thing I saw all all event. It was such a slick little entry to the armbar. Didn't didn't end up get the finish. Shout out to to Giany's defense. &gt;&gt; Sick escape by the way. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. One of the hardest guys to submit in the sport for sure. Johnny Grippo, you know, and obviously he's been there against uh against everybody there is and and we wanted to see this this um Owen Jones match for a little while now. We tried to put it together on who's number one. Like uh Owen said, he had a little bit of visa issues. Wasn't able to happen. So, I was glad to see that we were able to to see this one finally happen. Johnny versus Owen Jones. &gt;&gt; Yeah, this is one that escaped the jiu-jitsu world for a little while to be honest. I feel like there was for sure one time that it was pretty much like scheduled on W, you know, 30 or uh Watographic. &gt;&gt; Look at how dirty this is. Just &gt;&gt; that was insane. I mean, like once Owen got the grip on it, he's just so sticky on that arm. Like he's not budging, but Johnny just keeps working through it and uh getting his way through. I saw some people calling for for a fake tap. &gt;&gt; I'm pretty staunchly like very rarely as I think do I think a true fake tap situation plays out, especially on &gt;&gt; that. We watch that that arm bar again, Slack. &gt;&gt; Slack, bring that back. &gt;&gt; But yeah, pretty Yeah, we got So Slack's still here, you guys. In case anybody's watching, don't think Slack is MIA. This guy wouldn't miss a day of work if his life depended on missing it, dude. He's here and he's freaking making it happen. He's back in the control room running the clips for us. So, if anything bad happens with the clips, though, definitely call him out. &gt;&gt; Oh, man. I just the way he like sneaks that that leg underneath, you know? &gt;&gt; It's so sick. Such a creative counter to the uh to the waiter position, which Owen had been using in this match just a little bit before that. I thought that was very interesting the way they both were using the waiter guard, but Owen found his way into that nice sequence. That was that was awesome stuff, man. &gt;&gt; Yeah. To your point about Owens wrestling, man. Are the Brits taking over the mantle as the best wrestling for jiu-jitsu lives in in Great Britain? Like, I mean, I I don't know if I'm ready to declare it completely yet, but these dudes are on their way. Like, they're kind of, you know, dicing some dudes up on the feet. On Flanigan's wrestling looked incredible. Ferris has pretty good wrestling. Definitely good at winning the hand fight and stuff. on the feet. Owen Jones, I thought Owen Jones has been looking like better and better at wrestling. You know, what was the match where he uh dropped the British D1? That was against Julian. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he dropped the British D1. And I thought he looked like vastly better at wrestling in this one. Um had some sick takedowns against Giani. Obviously, it's like I don't think Giani's out there like I'm going to win this wrestling exchange. He's probably like, "No, I I'll play guard. I like playing guard." &gt;&gt; That's fine. Yeah. Yeah. That's what you did to see, you know, but it's just awesome to see kind of like how these guys guys are evolving and and yeah, I just feel like you have to give props to that low Spandidos team right now. Like they just feel like they're so hot and they're doing all the things right. It feels like, you know, kind of like that that unity room back in the day that was just kind of like these guys are just going to war every day and there's tons of good guys in the room. Um, and obviously we were just so impressed with like with the whole team at the last Polaris and at uh ADCC trials. So I just you really got to shout out what the what's going on at Los Bandidos. So we really got to kind of make another trip out there to to Los Bandidos and and see what those guys are doing because it feels like it is quickly becoming one of like the the top five kind of top three gyms in the world. &gt;&gt; Dude, I already got I got some stuff lined up for us if we visit Los Bandidos. I've been working behind the scenes. I've been talking to Christian Obe. You guys remember when we had Nico on and we were asking him fan questions and someone uh asked about the Miami blue Porsche and rolling around in it. That's Christian Obeck's Porsche. Okay. And don't you boys worry. Obeck agreed. If we get insurance, we can cruise top down in that Miami blue Porsche all around London, dude. Just some just some lads out on the town having a swellow old uh British time. So, &gt;&gt; we just got to get insurance now. We just got to find somebody willing to insurance. Yeah, I'm pretty good at Photoshop. So, Obeck will be presented with uh insurance verification. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he'll get he'll get a verification of insurance. The legitim of legitimacy of that is irrelevant. Like, we don't need to talk about the details. Let's start cruising, dude. We can't waste time, you know? &gt;&gt; Who would you guys like to see um Owen fight on the next uh you know, he's obviously the champion and he's got to defend the belt here, so I don't know. Any ideas on who you'd like to see uh Owen up against next in the next title defense? lot of options. I think this is a really important match for Owen uh with regards to uh ADCC and his preparation for that. So I I don't know if we'll see him I hope we see him back on Polaris before then. Uh maybe like a Corb like a Gavin rematch uh could be in the works. Uh you know we have Owen ranked number 10 right now. We have Gavin ranked number nine. There's a lot of really really good guys ranked in that top 10 who I would love to see Owen face. uh young, up and cominging, just got his black belt in the you know, his black belt debut. Beats up a multiplet time black belt world champion, no gi like Giani is. Uh you know, let let's really take a swing here. Let's get him into somebody super tough. We're talking about wrestling. Let's see him against Josh. &gt;&gt; That's what I was going to say. It's like another match that feels like has eluded us for a long time. And to be honest, I'm not sure uh you know what Josh Cneros is up to these days. &gt;&gt; He's been competing. He's been competing like up at like IBJJF lightweight, which is like 163. So, you know, he's a guy that I'm just never quite sure if he's if he's healthy or not. Um, but would love to see that kind of third place ADCC match that we didn't get at at ADCC. And yeah, I think uh Josh Cneros obviously comes from a wrestling family, a wrestling background, and he would be somebody really good to test that that wrestling skills up against. Absolutely. &gt;&gt; I think um first I would go with the one Owen actually called for in the postmatch, Keith Cororan. I do think that would be pretty sick. Um I did they fight before on Polaris is that where this stemmed from or &gt;&gt; I think Keith was the former Polaris champion but I don't think they faced off. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. So maybe Keith I guess vacated it or something and then uh now Owen's the featherweight champ for Polaris. So I do think that one would be pretty cool. I like that like Keith Keith you know we were there before when he was training with JFO getting his wrestling on and whatnot. So you know maybe he's got some sneaky good wrestling. Maybe he'll have something to say about this British D1 situation. Um, the other one that I think would be Owen versus Fabricio Andre. Um, I don't think that one's happened since like Honor. I think it happened on Honor 23. &gt;&gt; Yeah. A long time ago. But that was whenever that was like pre-Owen Jones breakout. And I also know it's a match that like Owen Jones has cited, but he's also cited as Fabricio Andre as someone that like when he was coming up he would watch Fabricio and like that was like one of like he would site may and Fabricio as dudes that like he loved watching and kind of like try to learn from and all that. Then he got to fight Fabricio, but he was just so early on. Even if it was just like a like an early on in his own confidence and self-belief type of thing before he like &gt;&gt; I think he was probably already pretty confident, but I know for sure it's like winning trials I think puts you in a different category of like, oh shit, I'm like part of now an elite group. Um, and now just how much success he's had since then becoming an ADCC medalist and everything that I think him versus Fabricio would be a sick one. I also just think like Fabricio is a guy that like especially Noi like can just make some of the craziest moments and most exciting matches happen. I'm not gonna lie. It's obviously, you know, sometimes the featherweight division can be up and down. Sometimes it's like the best to watch, sometimes it's the worst to watch, but um sorry I guess for the critique, but I think that's a I think that's a truth maybe that we don't speak about out there that it's like the best division and sometimes the worst. Um, but so I think Fabricio mixed with Owen, especially like kind of the Owen we saw in in the Giani match, I think that would be a sick match for sure. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think Owen really doesn't get enough credit for kind of like really how technical he is in the in the mind that he has for jiu-jitsu. You know, it's like when we're out there in Atlanta, it's all these guys, the Ardella brothers and Ernesto and stuff. You you know, it's like they they really would look to to Owen for this technical advice. And it seems like that that's the kind of similar vibe in Los Bandidos as well where where it's like uh you can just tell that Owen just has this kind of breath of knowledge from being around so many different people and being around guys like Joseph Chen and stuff like that that he really thinks through these positions uh really intensely and and has an answer kind of like for for any question that that might come up in jiu-jitsu. So um that's just one aspect I feel like that Owen just doesn't get enough respect on. I do like the idea of u him competing against a Brazilian in uh in Polaris because you know he went down to BJ Stars enemy territory went to Brazil you know and and had to kind of deal with all that and fought. So I I I like the idea of a Brazilian like Fabricio Andre or even Gabriel Sza or even Marram um going going to Polaris and going to Owen's backyard where it seems like when Owen is in his backyard man he he seems almost unbeatable. So I like that idea. Yeah, he gets that Ebu Veil crowd around him again. Just deep into the wealth. &gt;&gt; You can have like the full team kind of coaching him, hyping him up backstage and stuff. It feels like, you know, Owen is a guy who kind of um really likes to kind of like live off that hype or ride that wave of of hyping, you know, with everybody kind of talking backstage and stuff. Um and then the fans, you know, all cheering for him. I think that is something that really hypes Owen up too to kind of get to that next level. So, I would like to see a Brazilian now go to to Polaris and and and challenge Owen for his his belt. &gt;&gt; I like the sounds of it. Put Put it as a super fight on Polaris uh squads versus BJ Stars. How about that? &gt;&gt; True. True. &gt;&gt; How about that? &gt;&gt; Little Brazil versus versus uh Europe. &gt;&gt; Let me get Let me get FEA and Matt Bignyan on the horns right now. Two double horned up just talking to the boys. Hey, I got I got something. This just came across my desk, you know. Um, also it was uh Owen brought his dad out to that match. I thought that was cool. Kev, shout out Kevin Jones. Kevin Jones, it was his birthday and Owen flew him out or I guess brought him out probably like by train or black cab or something. However, however people in London get around, you know. But, uh, some other standout performances. Joe, you got you got another one? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Let's talk about uh, you know, she had been out of action for over a year, but Kendall Rusing comes back and looks as good as maybe we've ever seen her to be honest. Super quality opponent. Annabelle Kendall gets the first round submission by Armbar. Uh looked awesome. Taked down to mount to Armbar. Super classic. Kendall's back. Looks well set up for ADC later this year. How do you guys think she looked? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I thought she looked great for sure. You never know when someone's kind of been out of the competition circuit for that long, but also like, you know, Kindle's obviously focused on media and stuff a lot as well, so you never know. But I think she proved that, you know, she's one of the best grapplers in the sport for a reason. You can kind of see on the screen, this is her working towards this armbar finish. But yeah, I thought she looked great. &gt;&gt; Yeah, a dominant win really from from start to finish. I feel like Kendall pretty much dominated the match and really kind of show showed that um you know, even though there is this new crop of girls and and Annabelle Lopez specifically has been on fire recently and and you know, a lot of people talking about her kind of being the the next generation and kind of the next one up and uh you know, Kendall Kendall put a stop to that. Nobody told Kendall, right? Um, and so, yeah, just super impressive just how dominant she was against a competitor who's been a lot more active than she has and has has that kind of wave of momentum at her back. You know, it was definitely uh, you know, Kendall going into a little bit of enemy territory as well. Um, you know, she was the champion, but uh, you know, Annabelle calls that place home. So, um, yeah, just a really dominant performance from Kendall and and like you said, I think it it really goes to show that she's like, "No, I'm coming for that ADC title, and if you want that ADC title, you're going to have to beat me." &gt;&gt; 100%. I I think that uh I mean, we know Kendall's history with ADC, right? 2022, she gets the injury, uh, horrible, uh, uh, injury, she has to rehab and come back to ADC 2024. I feel like in that tournament, you kind of watched her exercise some of those demons. Uh, and I felt like the version of her, you know, to be candid, that we saw against Hafaella in that semi-final was not the best Kendall. I feel like she uh just was not able to bring her skills to bear and she ended up in a guillotine really early on. Rafaela was able to get the submission win. Uh, Kendall was able to battle back for third in the absolute, which I thought was super impressive. Uh, and and I think that 2026 is going to be uh maybe the best chance that she's had since 2022 when she wasn't able to finish out of her day. I think this going to be her best chance to come back and really show her best self. Like you said, Annabelle has just been crushing, right? Trials wins, Nogi Worlds, uh, gold medals, Nogi Pants, gold medals. This is a girl's proven herself at the highest levels. Ghee and Noi. Uh, and so for Kendall to come in after that much time off, uh, rust was no thing here. Uh she just it it was the most impressed I've ever been by Kendall considering the level of opponent and the dominance showed. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I also I like I know we're giving Annabelle a lot of credit and I think she deserves it because Kendall could have, you know, opted for a slightly easier return match. You know what I mean? Like Annabelle's obviously very like she has the accolades now for sure. Noi world champion, trials champion, top five ranked. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, it's like there's no doubt that uh Annabelle is a deserving contender for like a belt in jiu-jitsu, but especially the Polaris belt. And that's kind of like one dynamic I like about Polaris and specifically how they kind of do a lot of their uh their championship matches where it's like, all right, we have the American Kindle Ring with the current openweight championship holding the belt, you know, let's bring in, you know, a UK grappler to like get a deserved shot. So they bring in these like UK grapplers who aren't just like getting a shot because it's a it's a you know like a Londonbased promotion. It's like no, we're finding the ones who do deserve these spots that maybe aren't like maybe Wo can't fly out Annabelle every time we want her to compete or something. It's just more expensive. So it's like they kind of bring some of these athletes to the UK crowd to showcase kind of some of the talent and like I guess how much uh like European grapplers are closing that gap. Same with like Owen versus Giani. you know, bring in very established veteran and Giani, have him fight Owen, you know, one of the biggest European stars right now. So, I like that dynamic as well. I think kudos to both these girls, but especially, you know, Annabelle for deserving a shot like this and then Kendall for accepting a hard match like this when she probably could have gotten away with not such a hard match, but you know, respect to her for doing it. Another another girl who perfor uh performed really well and pressed on the card is Sarah Galva. And I mean just like sick performances and making statements is kind of synonymous with Sarah Galva at this point. Like Sarah Galvao has to have one of the most incredible runs from like getting a black belt to just being not just so active competing at the highest level, competing on the best cards, but just dominating along the way, too. It's been like I don't know. I don't think you could dream up kind of like a rookie year at black belt as well as Sarah Galva is kind of playing out with this, but she fought Libby Ginge uh won via kind of like a camora with a triangle here. But what do you guys think about Sarah's performance? &gt;&gt; Yeah, unbelievable. Sarah just continues to shine and continues to prove that she's one of the biggest stars in jiu-jitsu. She's one of the most exciting stars in jiu-jitsu. Always fighting the finish, always being able to do new things and show new aspects to her game. It's clear that she's a very creative person who's always trying to uh find new ways to grapple and attack and finish fights and be impressive here with the Williams guard. Uh I you know I don't know if people know Shawn Williams uh who we have on WO regularly as a commentator kind of invented and popularized this version of closed guard where you have it over hooked with your leg. Won't get too deep into it but it's what Sarah does here to set up the submission. Uh and then she would go on to finish with the Kamura. Unbelievable. Well, like you said, she's just having like this Cinderella uh freshman campaign. She's talking about trying to be a uh uh super grand slam champion as a rookie. Obviously, that's unbelievable. But when was the last time we had somebody that could really pull it off like Sarah Galva could this year? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Shout out Sean Williams. Absolute legend of the game. If you guys aren't following Shawn Williams, give that guy a follow. One of the best minds in the sport of jiu-jitsu. &gt;&gt; Came up with John Danaher. I feel like, you know, maybe Sean doesn't get enough credit out there. That makes it sound they they came up together. It makes it sound like you came up with the idea of John Der. &gt;&gt; He invented what you know as John Danner. &gt;&gt; The guy who plays the character of John. Sean helped audition him. &gt;&gt; No, they came up through the world. &gt;&gt; I believe they got their black belts on the same day from from Henzo Gracie. So &gt;&gt; Oh, I didn't know that. That's &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; I think Slack, if you could take it back to the Sarah thing real quick. I know you're kind of you progressed along, so my bad. But just the setup in this is so sick how she like at first it looks like she's going for kind of like that Matteo Shazinski arm bar. That's the first thought I had where she reaches through right there and grabs the the elbow and can pull it in, but then she uses that off the reaction to then close the triangle which I think plat. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I just thought this was so sick. Like right here it's like all right, she's going to get the arm bar right. But yeah, you're right. She has the the plata locked on the far side. You'll see her arm come through, grab Libbyy's uh right elbow. She pulls it out, uses that space to then throw in the the triangle right there. That was just sick. Like that's just smooth, cool jiu-jitsu, to be honest. So, &gt;&gt; kind of stepping on my bit here, but that's okay. &gt;&gt; Of breaking it down. &gt;&gt; No, no, we we talked about this. The bell curve of breakdown. Wait, did I get two Did I get two in the middle? A shit. All right. All right, guys. &gt;&gt; You just need to hit him with Damn, nice triangle. &gt;&gt; Okay, that's fair. That's fair. I took one of Joe's bit. You get one of mine. Go ahead and rip one of my bits and do a worship on the internet bit. You could &gt;&gt; give me a zen. Give me a zen. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; I don't do that bit anymore, mom. &gt;&gt; But &gt;&gt; yeah, just another dominant performance from from Sarah Gava. It's kind of what we've come to expect uh so shortly into her black belt career already. She's out there dominating. I feel like she she got uh the back in the first round and was maybe close to a submission and &gt;&gt; like in the first like 20 seconds she was on the back. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, uh, yeah, just dominant wins for for Sarah. She keeps racking them up. It's just crazy how kind of like she's she's just kind of whittling down her her rivals and opponents and stuff like that to where she's like she's only can have maybe a couple like actually competitive matches. It feels like because she's so dominant out there. &gt;&gt; You know, something I am bummed about involving Sarah Galva. &gt;&gt; What's that? &gt;&gt; She's not registered for trials, is she? &gt;&gt; No, I was going to bring I was thinking about that and the the super grand slam aspect. is like, man, but you're not doing trials and &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; relying on an invitation as a woman. &gt;&gt; Maybe West Coast she could do &gt;&gt; maybe maybe she could do West Coast, but like I know she's sitting now ask you know really hope she gets an invite but like okay let's say there's an invite but also Liz Clay is there who just tapped out Gabby Pagana. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Like you know it starts to be a real question. &gt;&gt; Yeah. just and just invites for for the women are are tough to come by because they bring back the four um you know kind of places and then they have the four um trials winners and that's already eight and so you're kind of really relying on somebody getting hurt and pulling out last minute to to kind of get an invite. So it's &gt;&gt; I defin I definitely hope we see Sarah in some trials whether it's like you know late registration in the second South American trials. I don't know if that's still possible. Probably is would be my guess. probably. It's the kind of thing they'll let in Sarah. &gt;&gt; And then uh or maybe even West Coast trials as well. I'm sure she has the American passport, right? &gt;&gt; Or find like a Polynesian aunt and enter Asian trials. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you're a good point. Um yeah. Hey Sarah, get your passports up. I don't know how many you got, but &gt;&gt; that's the the next step. &gt;&gt; All jiu-jitsu athletes need a minimum of three passports in three different ADC trials regions. If Sarah were to come to us and be like, I'm 116th Samoan and just like wait for us to call us caller call her on it. Are we going to call her on it? I'm not calling her on it. &gt;&gt; Honestly, only reason I am not an ADC medalist cuz I only got one passport. If I had three, I would be an ADC medalist. Simple as that. That's the hard part. &gt;&gt; There really are some guys. You are a citizen of the world, Oliver Taza or whatever. &gt;&gt; But yeah, so great job by Sarah. And then another one we got to talk about is Ethan Krellinston. Ethan kind of main evented this bad boy. Uh he has the current Polaris lightweight belt and he was fighting Shay here. Shay won a contenders bracket to get his shot at the Polaris lightweight belt which is a cool way of doing it. You know, respect to that. I think that's a sick uh kind of little dynamic for setting up a match like this. But I also think, you know, there's a reason some of these guys are the champ. There's a reason some of these guys kind of have been holding it down at the highest level for so long. There is, you know, still just a little bit of a skill gap here and I think it was kind of all Ethan here. You can see kind of towards like the end of the first round, so like four minutes into this match and he's already on the back and I mean not a place you want Ethan to be. You know, one of the best back takers and finishers in the sport. &gt;&gt; 100%. You know, the reason that when one of those major upsets, uh, and this would have been a major upset, uh, the reason that those major upsets feel so crazy is because they're so rare, uh, and we got to keep those in mind sometimes when we see moments like this and they gave a young up and cominging guy and Shay his opportunity and he wasn't able to convert on it this time. Still a brown belt, still up and coming in the sport. Um, and that doesn't mean we should stop giving people opportunities. That doesn't mean we should stop, you know, letting people giving people the opportunity to do a crazy thing that seems impossible because those things are going to continue to happen, but it didn't happen here. Ethan was able to turn that tide uh and keep it and and hold it down. U yeah, Ethan's super underrated, right? People kind of forget that Ethan really is one of the best in the world. He's another guy who I'm not sure what his ADC plans are this year. Uh cuz I think 66 is really difficult for him. I feel like he feels like the best at 155 and 145 is a little bit too much. Uh yeah, Ethan, awesome job. &gt;&gt; Yeah, and I think Shay will obviously get a lot better from this experience, you know, and take take a lot from it, you know, especially when the when the lights are on and you're and you're competing against the best in the world. That's where, you know, you can no matter what, you're going to really kind of learn something, take something from it. So, I'm sure he'll be back. But, yeah, it was good to see Ethan. I feel like I haven't seen a whole lot of him, you know, recently. And, uh, just great to see kind of what he's doing. Obviously, he's still a lethal backtaker, you know, kind of true to true to what he's done for a long long time and uh still still a killer out there. So, hopefully we get to see kind of more of Ethan out there. I feel like he's a guy another guy who's kind of just um had some injuries in during maybe some of his best moments and just hadn't quite kind of conquered that 80C mountain, but I think we all know he's he's capable of of something like that. You know, it was just it's just like a a timing thing and and trying to kind of find the the the perfect weight class. I guess. But, uh, yeah, it was great great to see, uh, Ethan back out there on the mats and and doing his thing from from Simple Man. &gt;&gt; Definitely. &gt;&gt; 145 to 170, which is the 80C jump, right? 65 to or 66 tob7. &gt;&gt; Should there be another weight class in the middle there? Do you, you know, should there be any movement there? Should they potentially move up 66 to like 70 and put in like a 62 or whatever? You know, like maybe like a smaller guys thing, you know? I feel like there's like just so much talent in the sport under 170 lbs that to give 16 spots is like kind of tough. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, I definitely hear that. I just feel like like the weight classes, how they're set up kind of are so iconic for for 80C. &gt;&gt; They really are, you know, and and I totally agree to remember. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, I totally agree that like you definitely could find a lot of guys, you know, lighter than 66 and kind of in between to kind of make their own divisions. For sure. I I do agree with that. But there's just something there's just something cool about, you know, this is the weight class, make the weight or don't, you know, and and and this is what it is. But &gt;&gt; yeah, it's definitely a gnarly jump. I think maybe there's some other things to adjust as well before. &gt;&gt; It's not my number one priority. &gt;&gt; Um but yeah, shout out Ethan. Great performance by him. You know, it is always great getting to watch Ethan compete. Feel that like has he competed since CJI was the last one? Yeah. So um shout out him. I think rest of the card uh winners were Ross Nicholls. We saw PJ Barge. Oh, maybe Slack if you could pull up the Instagram to pull that magic stick that PJ Barge hit. Um I was super stoked for PJ Barge versus Shane Fishman. And I feel like it delivered in some aspects. I wanted more in some aspects. You know, it left me a little wanting a little more, I will say. But I did also think, you know, like we knew this was going to be like Shane Fisherman's guard versus PJ's passing and like kind of who could crack that code first. And I do think that's kind of how it played out. But this is uh this is PJ's, you know, best attempt here at I mean maybe he got like a legitimate pass. I'm not sure. It didn't count, but he has the magic stick right here on Shane &gt;&gt; and then goes into like a leg drag position. &gt;&gt; So sick. PJ so fluid. The butter panther for a reason. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Just great movement out there, you know, and it's I don't know. Yeah, you got to give him a shout out a little bit for kind of being one of the uh the veterans of the game these days. You know, PJ's been out there for for a long long time and and you know, been many many ADCC's and I just love that he's he's still out there doing it. And uh yeah, even I was talking about this with Slack a little bit over the weekend actually, just like what a badass PJ Bar is, you know, and that he's still just out there kind of putting it on the line and you just I I don't know. I feel like you can really tell how how much like uh this means to PJ whereas like a lot of other guys sometimes maybe you can't really tell but I feel like I can always tell that like you know these things really really mean a lot to PJ and getting a big win. So um yeah, shout out to PJ. He looked great that the movement and everything like that. He's he's in a class of his own there. I think &gt;&gt; still by the way yeah we're talking about like that's not like a veteran style game. It's usually not like a guy that you would think of as a butter panther right for his smoothness and fluidity. Yeah, you'd think he'd be kind of locking it down a little bit, but he's still out there kind of, you know, jumping &gt;&gt; little more deep half in the rotation. Uh, but yeah, man. Like, you know, I put it in our little work chat this weekend, but like PJ's one of the best representatives. &gt;&gt; He truly is. Straight &gt;&gt; up. Yeah. No, he truly is. Um he's he's exactly the type of, you know, game I feel like kind of a lot of people want to play. He's got the leg locks, but but you're not taking him down, you know? Um just like such a sick game to play. I feel like &gt;&gt; he is. But yeah, even just like behind the scenes dealing with him, like the coolest, chillst dude, cool with everybody, always on top of like the next trends and like what's coming up. Shows a lot of respect to the younger generations. Hopsson 80C opens brackets. The guy taps him out. Have the footage. Take the footage. Promote himself. &gt;&gt; He genuinely could still be kind of beating that drum of like I got screwed by uh in the match with Ma, you know? Like he he could be kind of like really making Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Be be really bitter about that. and and whatnot, but he he's never said a word really I feel like about that and you know like he let lets it kind of live on the mats and then the refs make the decision and and he'll become better from it, you know. So yeah, I just really respect his kind of mindset. Absolutely. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he's just a chill guy. Cool guy, old PJ, you know, that that PJ's a good guy, you know. Um &gt;&gt; smart guy when you hear him talk like you can tell, you know, there's there's a brand in there. posted about things like some issues that have gone on &gt;&gt; in the sport before and I remember thinking like wow there's a really nuanced take from &gt;&gt; 10th planet 10th planet die hard you know like I feel like he doesn't have like the quintessential 10th planet game you know but he still reps 10th planet super hard and and is owes a lot to 10th planet so &gt;&gt; shout out 10th South Bay PJ's gym if you notice too PJ did this match and then he jumps over to the barricade sits in the corner and coaches Owen in the next match so you know just sick move by him I I got a a funny PJ story from 2021 NOGI Worlds. We were talking about that in leadup to the GP. Um I don't know why I'm so locked in on 2021 NOGI Worlds. One of my favorite events ever, but uh PJ made the finals against it was either finals or semifinals. Might have been semi-finals actually. I can't remember who it was against. But he's like Matt's side. And this is like PJ's just like really chill. He also is just like not too concerned, I don't think, with like necessarily like changing how he grapples for rules or anything like that and he's like doing the butter panther thing. He's getting all loose, you know, he's just a he's just a suave individual, you know, he's got an aura about him as the kids would say. True. And he's Matt side. And then they're like, they do the like, you know, come on to the mats thing. And PJ, I was like sitting there filming PJ like, "Oh yeah, get in the shot." And he looks over to me, he's like, "Do I got to do I go do I shake their hands first? How do I do this?" And I was like I was like, &gt;&gt; "It's the semiis." &gt;&gt; Yeah. I was like, "Uh, what?" Like I I just got like kind of like shocked like, "Uh, headlight." &gt;&gt; I I think so. I don't I don't know. He's like, "Okay, okay. Thanks, man." And then he like goes out there and just like is awesome. I was like, "Damn, this man out here just freaking cool as can be." Just like, "Hey, do I shake their hands first?" All right, I'll I'll dap him up. I'll dab. &gt;&gt; That does that that did happen to me uh before match also Noi Worlds. Uh yeah, it was a a wrestler who things ended up going crazy, but right beforehand he was in the finals. Uh Pat Downey. Uh yeah, he uh like the the three guys on the mat. &gt;&gt; Uh and he like turned to me real quick cuz I'm I'm sitting there and he's like, "Do I shake all their hands? Do I shake any of their hands?" Whatever. &gt;&gt; Shake every hand you see, brother. &gt;&gt; Just go shake all their hands. It's cool. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. He took that uh you know, too literal and started kept shaking hands. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Just keep it all just keep it respectful out there. No problem. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But uh yeah, so shout out PJ. Um is there anybody we missed? anybody. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I was just going to say the the the the double Scottish twister was pretty sick uh going on there. &gt;&gt; I don't even know if they were Scottish twisters. Yeah, everybody's kind of debating about if they're even &gt;&gt; I DON'T KNOW WHAT A SCOTTISH twister is. I'll just say it, dude. They they said it on commentary and I was like, "Sure, Scottish twister. Let's Let's roll with it." &gt;&gt; I was cool calling it a Scottish Twister, but now everybody's telling me it's a killine. I don't know if it's a killine. &gt;&gt; Okay, so to clarify this Yeah. So to clarify this, Slack's pulling up the post right now cuz there this was to open the Polaris card &gt;&gt; first two matches. first two matches of the prelims, as the commentary called it, we hit we saw two Scottish twisters. I was I was hitting the Google machine afterwards. I first I opened Google, then I typed in google.com, that opened up the Google search bar, and then I searched Scottish twister, hit the Google machine, the long way, the scenic route, and then and then I watched a video about it, and I think the the first one that happened on the card is the Scottish Twister, cuz they're slightly different. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So he has like the body triangle and then he see he has the arm behind his arm and he he's captures the head. Take it over, Joe. I don't want to. &gt;&gt; No, no, please don't. &gt;&gt; So So right here, he has the arm behind him and the guy uses it to tap back there. So that one I think is the Scottish twister. Now go to the next one. And so this archer fella, he was in the comments being like, "It's a kilotine." And then people were like, "Don't call it a Scottish twister in front of archer." So, I think the difference here is if you see his opponent, his arm stays in front of him and then he reaches back right there with the arm still in front and just kind of finishes it that way. Which I think is the decaperator to be honest. &gt;&gt; That looks like the decaperator. And and I was asking you guys when it happened, I was like, "Were those decapper raiders?" And you were kind of like, "No, I think he does a little different." I think the first guy Scottish twister, second guy was a decaperator. He calls it a kilotine. Some people call it an executioner. I'm a decaperator guy, to be honest. I think that move is called the decaper raider. If if he's hitting it the way Justin Rder hits the decaperator, that was the first guy I knew kind of do that, but I don't know for sure. &gt;&gt; Well, I was just going to say cuz I feel like he he um he has like the body triangle and I feel like Justin never had the body triangle. &gt;&gt; But he would have it from the back. &gt;&gt; From the from the back or Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. He would just reach reach around. &gt;&gt; Same kind of same idea. It's Yeah. There's an upper body, lower body difference going on here. Because to me, the Scottish Twister, which first came about from MMA fighter Stevie Ray, a Scottish guy who took on Anthony Pettis in the PFL, submitted him with this move. I think he won another fight they started call &gt;&gt; I think he fought on Polaris, too. &gt;&gt; There you go. Uh, shout out Stevie. Clearly made his mark uh on everybody. Uh, but to me, the Scottish Twister was regular Twister. So, you're like kind of reaching with that like half Nelsonish kind of grip around the head and you have a body triangle. Both these guys just reach around and grab the head. One has the arm in the way. Almost like a dar, one doesn't. So, I don't know what the what the fuck we're calling here. What the hell we're doing? This just feels like when you go to like a gym that's not a big gym, they're like, "We got to move." Uh the uh the legs kamura. &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, they just have some crazy catchy like the car crash. We're going to show you the car crash today. And then you look at you're like triangle with a kamura. Okay. You know what I mean? Uh, and just everybody has their own cool little trendy name for it and Dappa, you know, and all these things &gt;&gt; and and I get it. You know, you want to you want to, you know, make it a trend, make it a trend. But &gt;&gt; I worked for BJ Fanatics for 5 years. I understand naming your moves. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Name the moves for sure. But to me, it still looks like both guys tap to like their spine being minute, not being choked. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Not being choked. It both of them still &gt;&gt; cuz even the killer team was he was like his armpit was across his face. I don't think he was choking anybody. &gt;&gt; Yeah. It didn't look like they still neither of them looked like a choke. They still both looked like they were attacking the uh the spine to me. And so that's why I was like, "Yeah, I guess they're both Scottish." &gt;&gt; I I will add this. I petition to change the name from Scottish Twista to just It's a Twista. You just got to use a Scottish accent when you say it accent. Yeah. Yeah. So, we can drop the Scottish word and just say it twist whenever you say it, you know. But I'll say this. Hey, clip this right now because we need to settle it. All right. And chat, tell us what is that move called. All right. tell us right now what that move is actually called and we'll get to the bottom of it. We're we're heading into, you know, the the court of public opinion. The the the public will decide what that's called and Slack make a real out of that real quick. You can Yeah, you can click me saying &gt;&gt; chop that up before one thing. We know all the commenters will agree and we'll get this settled. &gt;&gt; If you want if you want something settled, just have the internet take a look. They always figure it out. &gt;&gt; A little peak behind the curtain. Like take the part about me saying like, "Oh, we got to settle this." and then put that the front and do it. Then put the end be like chat you decide. There we go. You know &gt;&gt; it is such a brutal way when you like zoom out to like So how'd you win your match? Oh, I was ripping his spine. &gt;&gt; Yeah, for real. Like you're like a Goliath who like picked up a guy and Oh yeah, that dude can't walk no more. &gt;&gt; I started just twisting his spine so aggressively that like he really had to stop. &gt;&gt; I threatened to rip his spine out and so he had to tap. So &gt;&gt; little subzero finisher going &gt;&gt; there's that. And then on the other end of that spectrum is like, yeah, wrist lock. Caught him. &gt;&gt; Yeah, just classic close guard arm. &gt;&gt; And got the wrist lock. But no, shout out those dudes, man. That, you know, regardless of of what it's called. Super sick jiu-jitsu. Always awesome when you can see some stuff that you don't know exactly what it's called. Uh so shout out to those guys and and kind of uh you know, everybody's keeps uh keeps the jiu-jitsu world evolving. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So great card by Polaris uh out in London. Uh, like we mentioned, they already have their their next one kind of announced and everything. Do you guys know the exact date on that? No. &gt;&gt; Maybe I'll look that up. But I know that it's going to be a squads event. So, they're going back to squads. &gt;&gt; It's like early June, right? &gt;&gt; I think so. &gt;&gt; June 7th, maybe. Does sound familiar. But, uh, they're going to have &gt;&gt; Polaris squads taking on now BJJ stars. Listen, Wo couldn't get it done. All right. Our boys fought valiantly. They went into enemy territory. They gave it all they had. They were a great representative of the WO brand, but now we got FEA on the horn. &gt;&gt; We lost the battle, but the war is not over. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we got FEPA on the horn because we got more promotions where that one came from. We said, Feepa, send out the best you got. Open the pocketbook. Send the boys over to the to the great British land cuz we're taking this one back. So, Polaris, you better be ready, dude. We're in cohorts with uh with Peppa right now, and we're coming for that ass, dude. We're not going to stop until we have it all. &gt;&gt; I'm just going to put this. They they should add a special stipulation on this one. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; The losing squad, that country, their jiu-jitsu guys can no longer do peaky blinders gimmicks. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Oh, true. BJ Stars has done it &gt;&gt; for the &gt;&gt; Everybody on BJ Stars has done it a billion. Like every time I turn into a BJ stars, it's like, "Okay, here's the three guys who went with a peaky blinders thing for their debuted one time, then they did the full event." &gt;&gt; Pedro Marinho shows up sometimes in like a little peaky blinders thing. Gaio always has the hat. He's been doing that since before the show. Uh yeah. So, just like we got to settle it once and for all. Who gets to do pe? &gt;&gt; I don't think the Brits want it. I don't &gt;&gt; I don't think they do either. &gt;&gt; Like you guys could have it. &gt;&gt; No, but they would want the Brazilians to not have it. I feel like that would enough. The only Yeah. The only people I haven't seen do it are the British. &gt;&gt; They might not be into it, &gt;&gt; but All right. So, yeah. So, keep your eye out on that. Uh, next Polaris coming out. Going to be a sick one. But, you guys want to dive into some ADC Trials preview now. We got ADCC Trials South America about to go down. It's going down over two weekends. The first and second trial is going to be March 14th and then March 21st. Um, should be pretty sick. We got some of the names pulled here that we're interested in watching. You know, some of the names, not everybody, but we're going to try and talk through some of the cool stuff to watch here. We can kick off with 66 kilograms for the Rio de Janeiro trials. What What kind of stands out to you here, uh, Joe? Sure. I uh am definitely taking a look at Kawhi Gabriel. He is, man, when I say forward at all, I just completely I look like a dark vizier uh with my eyes in the shadows. Uh, Kawhi Gabriel is back. ADCC veteran last time he has yet to win a trials though. Uh and I think that this is a division where a lot of meky guys have kind of been sniffing around it. Obviously Diego is doing his thing in one of the best 66s of all time at this point. Uh but this is to me Kawaii going to be the number one seed going to be the guy to beat Philippe Machado obviously super in the mix. But then you got a guy like Joshua Flores. Joshua Flores made the quarterfinals at both trials last time uh at only like 17 years old. He's back at he's 19 now. Super excited to see what he's going to be able to do. If there's one guy that's going to upset the apple cart there, I would circle Joshua. Flores is the guy to do that. There's a lot of tough guys here. &gt;&gt; What What's the age for our WO 145 youth bracket? &gt;&gt; 16. &gt;&gt; Okay. Cuz so Josh Flores is 17 cuz I &gt;&gt; think he's like 18, 19. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. All right. &gt;&gt; I think he's 18. &gt;&gt; I saw I saw some people tagging him and I was like, "Oh, if he's still like, you know, 16 then for sure." But &gt;&gt; little too old. Little too old. &gt;&gt; Yeah. the thing for that for that WO bracket so everybody knows we're trying to go with people who are like IBJJF juvenile eligible you know what I mean that was kind of like the rule of thumb uh maybe if somebody was younger you know but like super sick we would you know you know figure it out but like yeah &gt;&gt; but I I definitely think Josh Flores is a is a person to watch in this bracket I think he's sick I do think Kawhi Gabriel is going to be hard to beat and I think Philipe Machado is going to be hard to beat I do I kind of if I had to give you know my lowly humble prediction I'm kind of maybe leaning Philipe Machado I Thankfully, Mach is pretty nasty. Um, we've seen him kind of in some crazy matches. He was on the the wrong side of that crazy Fabricio Andre step over armbar where Fabricio Andre was just on a tear just waiting through an absolute wasteland of former teammates. &gt;&gt; That really was the craziest run I've ever seen. &gt;&gt; It was so crazy. And Fabricio was just full Hokag, you know, it's just an absolute madman. I don't know if if anybody watching's ever interacted with Fabricio, but Fabricio is a cool guy. I like Fabricio a lot. That boy's crazy, too, though. He gets nuts. He starts going crazy. He'll yell stuff at you. Um, he'll call you names sometimes. He doesn't always mean it. He'll take it back later. &gt;&gt; He's like wild. Like a wild &gt;&gt; He's a wild man. And, uh, he was just, he had it ramped up to 11 that event. Like, he knew he was like, I'm going to win this shit, and I'm making a statement the whole way through. So, he's waiting through this wasteland, gets Phipe Machado, has that crazy arm bar on him. He hit the he the wrist snap against the Peruvian guy. Just kind of highlights all the way through. Then he fought Kawhi Gabriel in the final. just absolutely nuts. &gt;&gt; Entire places, they're on the mat. &gt;&gt; All of his former team that he left is just like chanting all this horrible shit. &gt;&gt; Crazy. And he's just like so nonchalant about it, too. He's just like, &gt;&gt; "Yeah, &gt;&gt; chilling." He's just whatever. &gt;&gt; Kind of. &gt;&gt; Well, like I don't know if I agree that he's super nonchalant in the match. I feel like in the match in the match he's just like whatever. Okay, you can try this. Oh, okay. You can try this. &gt;&gt; Until he got the back and then he was tongue out just screaming in the camera. But no, he this is the one where he hit Philipe Machado with the toothbrush. told me he had stinky breath or something. &gt;&gt; Yeah, he was he talking too much. &gt;&gt; Yeah, my my my Portuguese translation is not spot on, but I think he said, "Woo, dude, hit the Listerine, brother. Shit's stinky." No, I'm kidding. He was saying he was talking too much. But And then he This is the one where Phipe gave him his rash guard afterwards. Phil, they did like a rash guard trade and then then Fabricio immediately threw Phip's rash card into the crowd. I was like, that was the funniest jersey swap of all time to get your opponent's rash card and just throw it into the crowd immediately. But if you were able to see I know that Fabricio is not fighting here this weekend. If you were able to see it through Fabricio's eyes throughout that tournament, it would have been animated. It would have appeared to him as an anime &gt;&gt; for that entire from the moment he walked in there that day. Uh uh just everything was was done uh Toriyama style. &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, that was awesome. So all that being said, I think Philippe Machado is also awesome. You know, Philippe Machado has this like Peter Pan energy to me. I don't know why. I've I've said this before. before. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I've said this before. I don't know why whenever I watch Fe Machado, I'm just like, "Look at this little Peter Pan guy out there just freaking being a, you know, being a lost boy out to never like light and theatrical." &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's like he's like bouncy, you know? He's doing cool stuff. He'll do like the big arm, you know? He's like a showman. So, I'm just like he's got this Peter Pinesesque aura about him that I think is cool, you know? It's like he's out there looking for a shadow and whatnot, just seeing if he can submit a shadow. Um, &gt;&gt; you see him played the guy with a hook hand, &gt;&gt; dude. Oh, hey, we hear that that that tick tock tick tock, you know. &gt;&gt; Yeah, the clock. Yeah, the the table's going to be &gt;&gt; I was just going to say real quick on the on the the 66 division. I feel like especially for Brazilian trials, this 66 division is like the one to watch that that this is where a lot of these kind of smaller Brazilian dudes like from the Milky team, but but from all over. There's tons of just like um wild cards I feel like in that 66 division. So, I have no doubt that there's going to be some crazy things that happen in that 66 division. I don't know who's going to come out on top. might even be somebody that we don't even really have super good tabs on just because how deep I think that 66 kilogram division is going to be at at both Brazil trials. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I 100% agree. I think that's a great point. Uh if you were to ask me to like circle one trials where you could have like young upand cominging 66 guy like Brazil trials is way high up there. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I feel like, man, even as we we're starting to to to to, you know, take shape of these divisions and stuff like that, because, you know, Joe has an article on there that's all the guys who are uh so far registered and are qualified or invited for the uh ADCC World Championships. And now, if you start taking a look at that now, you know, the 66 and 77 kilogram divisions, like they're they're extremely interesting divisions. We've had some kind of crazy guys win the trials and stuff like that and and obviously you're going to get the champions back and we're going to wait for the invites but already I feel like is a very different division from 2024. So that's exciting. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And so kind of moving along to the 77 kilo division. Um few names here but a couple of especially that stand out is Alanji Habinho. Uh Philippe Porto is also like just he's a really hard dude to beat. And then Ernesto Rivera, you know, watching him train with Owen and everything, been on PGF. Um, super interesting guys to watch. What do you guys think about the 77 kilo division? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think that for me, this is one of the divisions that has like a really established guy on top. For me, that's Hobinho, who won the first trials last time. A little bit more of a Lutray guy, uh, but also like a jiu-jitsu world champion and and has won these trials before, like we said, and done amazing in so many different rule sets. Uh, super tough guy to beat. Hope uh uh Ernesto Rivera is going to be probably the the number one guy looking to knock him off in my opinion. Super scrappy. Seen him at all these trials. He's another guy with multiple passports. So, he's able to just rack up ADCC experience. Uh and he's somebody who win or lose, he's going to fight you. He's going to fight you real hard. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, Hobinho obviously um you know a veteran of the game out there so it's hard to pick against him but yeah you know it feels like Ernesto Rivera is really making a run at this thing recently and it feels like he's uh you know we obviously saw him out there training with Owen so maybe he's getting some some new looks some different training some some good training that's kind of really pumping him up because uh yeah it feels like he's looked better than ever and we watched him at the u at the uh East Coast trials did you guys see his match with uh Michael Sainz at the East Coast trials yeah and &gt;&gt; I saw a little bit of the aftermath. Yeah, they got into a little bit of the aftermath, too. They were they were drawing back and forth and stuff, but you know, he had two scrappy boys. &gt;&gt; Yeah, two scrappy boys. And and Ernesto just has like a crazy body type, I feel like, for that 77 kg weight class where he just feels so big for it and he's so long and lanky. It was like anytime he stepped out there against anybody, he just looked so much bigger kind of than everybody else. So, I wonder if he cuts a lot of weight, but &gt;&gt; I think he cuts a lot of weight. He also, like you said, just has an interesting body type where like I feel like he carries a little bit more mass in his like limbs and his like trunk isn't quite as like yolked up as some of the other guys, you know what I mean? Still has all the power that he needs, you know, from everything I can tell. Uh but yeah, like like you say, he has just a little bit of a different body type. Yeah, he's definitely a guy. If you haven't had a chance to watch Ernest River, he doesn't always get all the shine that he's going to deserve, but uh definitely going to be an interesting one to show. &gt;&gt; Yeah, but 77 also, you know, is just kind of 77 is kind of like the premier division at at ADCC. it feels feels like historically, you know. So, always one of the toughest divisions and again, I think this 77 division is just going to be loaded with a bunch of of uh extremely tough Brazilians. &gt;&gt; Let Let me also point this out. I was the one who made this list. Uh if I missed a name, &gt;&gt; straight up, if I missed a name, my bad. A lot of these people are just on their smooth comp thing. The smooth comp name sometimes doesn't always line up to what we call them. So, it'll be like, "Oh, why didn't you have like Matteas Denise on your list when he was signed up at 77 or whatever?" like well on there's Mattea Silva and there was six other Mattea Silvas so I'm really sorry I didn't realize. &gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely. So let's let's bump up now to 88 kilos. Um I think this is probably one of the more stacked divisions by these trials. I mean it's like a lot of very notable names in here. A big one who kind of came in here recently is Gustavo Batista. Uh Batista living in living in Brazil these days. I was talking to him at the GP. Uh him and uh um Louisa are are living in Brazil. They got a kid now, you know, but Batista is looking to make his claim here for for Gustavo. Sorry. Gustavo is living in Brazil now. Oh, okay. I didn't know that. Okay. &gt;&gt; Yep. Um and then some other like just some sick names to fill this out like Enrico say, super young, cool guy to watch out of Vagner school. Charles Neggerante. You don't want to wake up the lion, brother. All right. You don't want to wake up the lion in Charles Neggerante and have him come out there and smash you. Lucas Galberto Paganini. Francisco Low, Gabriel Bro, a lot of cool cool dudes in this division. Um, is Eli is Eli Braz up a division or &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, he is. Eli's at 99. Uh, super good division here. Uh, a lot of guys who have been world ranked, are world ranked, have won trials before. Charles Negro Monte's won trials before. Obviously, Paul Ardilla wouldn't be a trial season without Paul Ardella coming through doing his thing. Always a super dangerous guy going in there, getting it done. Uh Paganini has been putting in the time with Kingsway. So I'm definitely excited to see what he's going to bring to the table. Jose Jerma is a super tough guy who's looking for his breakout moment. Has all the skill in the world. Uh yeah, I really love this division from quarters on before the quarters. It's going to be a war. And like you know, we've been talking about upset potential. I think there's even more guys kind of on the level right below that who are all looking for their opportunity against one of these uh these more established guys. Uh 88 is going to be a total minefield. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's definitely a sick one to keep an eye on. And then kind of just to talk about the last two divisions here uh on the men's side, we got minus 999. Eli Braz won the first South American trials last uh last, you know, time through. Um but he's &gt;&gt; I think he got an invite. I think he was in the finals against Philipe Costa. Might have been the case. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah, you might be right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. But you know, definitely a sick performance from Eli Braz. That was the first time he really came onto my radar and uh kind of, you know, showed that he's a pretty game dude. But &gt;&gt; lost to uh Rafael Lovato Jr. I think first round at at ADC. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, he Yeah, he he did. &gt;&gt; And then Nat Tena in here too. I love watching Nat Tanka. Still a brown belt Nata, but super dangerous guy. And then some more established dudes like Philipe Trovo who's kind of been doing a lot for a long time. So definitely sick one there. Anything stand out to you guys in this one? Well, I I kind of wanted to mention uh about 88 real quick. Sorry, I didn't do that, but but uh just back at at 88 there. You know, I think it's really interesting to see Paul Ardella down at these South American trials. You know, he's a guy who's kind of held down the North American trials. We didn't see him at the last North American trials that we went to in in Florida. &gt;&gt; Um I believe he had some some kind of conflict already or was doing something else already because this guy's uh you know, one of the one of the the the best lawyers on the Eastern Seaboard. So, um, check him out. But, uh, now he's in the South American trials, and I feel like this is just kind of like a whole new crop of people now for for for Paul Ardella to to fight. And, uh, you know, I do think he he might still be the favorite. He just has such the perfect game for ADCC and he's just proven, you know, far and away that he can win these trials. But I just think it's interesting that he's in the South American trials. never seen him in there. Going up against guys like Gustavo Batista and even Lucas Gualberto and um uh Charles Negraante. Like those are some really interesting matches I think for Paul Ardella. Um you know we just saw I guess uh you know Gustavo had that had that heel hook loss to uh Pedro at the at the Nogi Grand Prix. So you know I think Paul Paul is one of the best leg lockers in in that division. So I still think he might be the favorite. But I just wanted to call out that that I think this is that Paul being in that 88 kilogram division really kind of shakes things up I think for these South American trials. I also wonder uh you know I wonder how is that weight cut for Paul Ardillo right because we saw him last cycle at 99 he looked really good. &gt;&gt; True. &gt;&gt; Uh you know made it to ADCC Worlds. I think first round he was facing Declan. Uh had a very close match. Wasn't able to to advance in the bracket. uh now he's down at 88. Uh does he have to pick his spots a little bit more carefully in terms of being able to get down and and do that? Uh does it affect his performance? Maybe he performs even better, right? That's super on the table as well. Uh so I think that's going to be a question because this is a one-day trials. He's going to, you know, any of these guys who wants to win, they're going to have to go through multiple worldass opponents in one day. Uh and whoever wins 88 especially, yeah, is going to have to earn it. &gt;&gt; Paul Ardill has got some sneaky wrestling skills, too. You know, I'm kind of curious if we might see him go down to this uh Rio de Janeiro trials and see a little bit of Paul the wrestler. You know, obviously he always has the leg locks in his bag, which in reality is probably the more realistic thing we'll see is him go out there and just kind of, you know, get a bunch of leg locks and then but you know, I am curious if we'll we'll see a little bit maybe that that Paul Ardell a duck under you know &gt;&gt; it just feels like the meta these days for ADC is is really to just save the wrestling for the final. you know, it just feels like, you know, it's like even as we were impressed with a lot of the Brits there who were wrestling and none of them wrestled. You know, they all sat guard and &gt;&gt; it's like an efficiency thing, right? You're trying to get to the finals as efficiently as pro possible, the easiest route to get there, and then now it's like you're forced to wrestle at least to some degree or, you know, kind of do the little &gt;&gt; that just feels like the meta a little bit of it of it these days. But, you know, obviously Ferris was out there wrestling, Marlin was out there wrestling, but um &gt;&gt; yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, we'll see. Um, these last two divisions though, we kind of talked 99 already a little bit. Plus 99. I think the big name here is Roosevelt Souza. Roosevelt Soua obviously a beast. So I got to, you know, kind of point him out as the favorite here, I'd say. &gt;&gt; No, the big name is Daniel Big. &gt;&gt; Big Daniel. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. He's he's a little bit more of a social media thing. Obviously tongue and cheek. Roosevelt Soua. Yeah. The biggest favorite at these trials. Uh, just featured him in that octopus guard video. People can go check out. Uh and NOI World Champion, Nogi Pan Champion, has won these triyouts before, has been top four at ADCC. Uh was in the quarterfinals last time, lost to Luke. Uh no shame in that. Uh yeah, Roosevelt is a guy who I think every time we've talked about him, it seems like, you know, he's just kind of coming into more of his own and being a little bit more comfortable and flowing and really showing a lot more of his jiu-jitsu out there. So, I'm really excited to see him. Uh you know, a lot of times when we see the these highle guys, we don't always see them in like a trial scenario. But we're like, we're probably going to see multiple matches of Roosevelt against like a color belt, you know what I mean? And he's going to be able to like really do some some stunty stuff. &gt;&gt; You think we'll see some octopus guard out of him? &gt;&gt; I think he he is really trying to like become like one of the octopus guys. Uh like him, Adam. Like there's a couple guys who are like really trying to be like, "No, I do octopus all the time." &gt;&gt; Yeah. The octoposi, if you will. &gt;&gt; There you go. The octopods. Uh octopus. Octoposi was better. Uh yeah. Yeah, I just feel like that uh Roosevelt just can't um you know, he's he's got to get a better better highlight on the ADC World stage. You know, I feel like they keep playing that uh the match with him and Gordon, you know, over and over again. And uh you know, people who don't know jiu-jitsu don't, you know, don't really know what what's happening there. So, I feel like he gets dunked on a little unfairly. And, you know, we know how good a guy like Roosevelt Soua is. We know how good a guy like Gordon Ryan is, too. But would love to see Roosevelt punch his ticket to to ADCC and you know really be able to show off how how good he is on the biggest stage in grappling &gt;&gt; for sure. So there's a little a little preview for you guys for these upcoming South American trials. Obviously next week we'll be able to, you know, break down who won this first trials in Rio de Janeiro and then the 21st we're going to be uh you know back in Brazil again I guess for uh for Sao Paulo trials. But make sure you guys are tuning in March 14th, March 21st for the uh 1st and second South American trials. Now, let's get into what we've announced so far for WN 32. We got the men's 155lb Wino Grand Prix bracket featuring four of the best 155 pounders on planet Earth. We also have a 145 youth bracket and then we have a couple super fights we've announced so far. So, I guess to start, we can talk about the 155 uh W, you know, Grand Prix. What do you guys What do you guys think about this uh this little fourman bracket? What do you guys think stands out to you in this one? &gt;&gt; Super good bracket. Really happy with this bracket. Uh unfortunately, Pau not able to defend his belt. A little bit more focused on IBJJF. Focused on the ghee. He's down a light feather right now, which is closer to like 135. Uh so for him to come up uh in the you know two days after pants to 155 just wasn't the play. Hopefully we can get him back in the mix later this year. Uh so still need to get the division moving. got four of the best guys in the world. Every single one of them is world ranked. DeAndre Corb was owed this title shot already from the last WNO. Uh but we weren't able to have that match. He stays in the mix. Uh Dorian Olivivera has proven he's one of the best in the world. I feel like he's the guy that everybody's talking about right now. He's in the mix. Uh these are four of the most exciting guys in the sport and they're all going to battle it out to find out who's number one uh in a one night only tournament. I'm super pumped for this. &gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. I think uh you know where we landed with these four guys just great representatives of the sport. DeAndre out there killing it. I feel like we have not seen the best DeAndre Corby um you know on the mats yet and I think he's primed to have an incredible year here at at who's number one and and ADC and all these things. I think that those guys are just putting in work out there at at Standard and just seems like they're getting better. Um, you know, it feels like maybe maybe Greg Saers is kind of on to something, you know, with uh with the way that they structure their training and stuff like that. And uh Dorian Olive, obviously, man, this dude's mustsee TV right now. He's going to be a household name soon enough. And man, I feel like I've been paying attention a little bit more recently to to what Max Hansen's doing on on his social media and stuff like that and and really like like what I see what what he's doing and just kind of how honestly he's talking about things. But, uh, also another guy who I feel like is a is an incredible mind for the sport. Even even back when we met Max all the way back when he was still a purple belt, I feel like he was already kind of like was thinking about jiu-jitsu in a different way than a lot of other people. And uh, so I'd like to see that he's kind of getting some shine for that. Feel like he's got a really good mind for the sport. And and another guy I feel like Max, we haven't seen the best version of of him on these mats. And, you know, even at trials, he kind of had the weight mixup and stuff like that. And but uh &gt;&gt; particularly on WO, I don't think Max has really had a good performance that uh you know he to showcase the grappler he is and what he would want to do on WO. So I I feel like you know this is definitely an opportunity for him to kind of put that aside and now potentially make a crazy run in this bracket, a couple of big matches potentially if he's able to to make his way through it. But obviously has a lot of tough guys uh standing across from him. And then Julian is another guy I think that is a little under the radar right now but is is kind of like in the thick of making that transition from being kind of like a very very good grappler to being a very elite grappler. Um you know incredible wrestling skills and uh we've seen you know his passing develop a lot over the last few years. So I think Julian's another just kind of like great wild card who's going to make some exciting matches and and and run for some upsets probably. But um so yeah, really excited. And the thing to remember here everybody is that this is a Tuesday event. This is going down on March 31st live on Froolo Grappling Tuesday night. So, uh you know, take take the night off and jump in, watch some of the best grappling in the world on Flow Grappling on Tuesday night. I believe it goes off um 7 7 p.m. &gt;&gt; 6:30 p.m. is uh the official start time for like the pre-show and everything. &gt;&gt; So, yep. So, so matches start around 7, I believe. the 6:30 pre-show, but definitely jump in there and uh and catch some of the best grappling in the world. &gt;&gt; Yeah, tipsy Tuesday, you know, except this one's not it's not about drinking all that. It's about getting tipsy turvy on the mats. A little inversion, a little polo. &gt;&gt; If you're training, if you guys are on the mats, you know, bring it up on the TV, you know, let the whole gym watch it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And if you're around Austin, get your tickets. &gt;&gt; If you want to get a little fucked up while you watch it, &gt;&gt; that's allowed. &gt;&gt; We like we said at the start of the show, you there are no rules now that we have this studio. You guys can do whatever you want. So that extends to you and your life, whatever studio you're watching from. If it's your your living room, you know, the mats, do whatever you want, dude. No one's going to stop you. But let's move on to the 145 lb Wino youth bracket. These guys are not allowed to do whatever they want. They're minors. &gt;&gt; These guys are not allowed to get fucked up beforehand. &gt;&gt; Yeah, they have rules they must abide by. But Joe, I know you were a big part of kind of helping put together a lot of these names and and making this uh bracket a reality. kind of talk us through what the idea was here with this 145 pound youth bracket and kind of how it came to fruition. &gt;&gt; Definitely. I was very uh I was very lucky that they came to me and they said, "We want you to put together something for the next WO uh that you think fans are really going to enjoy." And my first thought was, "I really want to get some of these upandcomers together, some of these teenagers together because I think they're putting on some of the most exciting matches. I think these guys are going to be leading the sport in no time. And I think it's time for people to understand just how special some of these athletes are. Uh and when I say that we got our first four choices for this bracket. Uh you know, we we had a couple more names on the list of people that we knew were very tough, but uh everybody was super down to do it. Everybody wanted this opportunity. And I think that we have the toughest teen bracket in the history of jiu-jitsu. I think this is going to be historic. I think this is going to be the kind of bracket that we look back on in 10 years and start saying like, "Wow, it's really crazy that we got all four of these guys on the mats together for a one night tournament. Look at everything &gt;&gt; before they were." &gt;&gt; Yeah. Look at everything they've done since, you know, now all these guys are black belt world champions and medalists and very notable. I think all those guys have the potential for that kind of future. Uh JP Tran, Matthew Bam Bam, J Ortiz, Chingy Sainz, all these guys are already proven it at the world level. Uh really, really happy with how this has come together. Yeah, I'm I'm obviously stoked for JP Tran. You guys know me and my JP Tran love. So, uh I'm excited that he's in there. I also big Chingy Sains uh fan. You know, the Sains brothers have turned on me in previous events. You know, Michael and Tristan, they've turned on me. They've sided with Reed, you know, and you know, whatever. You know, to each his own. Some guys like being they like being on top, you know, they like being with the crew that kind of holds it down, makes shit happen, and some guys like hanging out with Reed. And so I get it that those guy I'm kidding. I'm kidding. I'm kidding. I'm kidding. That was our Dunk on Re. &gt;&gt; How small you look back there, by the way. Look how &gt;&gt; whole studio is a ploy to make me look small. I'm huge. If anyone knows me in real life, dude, I'm huge. &gt;&gt; This dude's trying to get 66 invite back, you know. &gt;&gt; Dude, if I could make the weight, I would win the division. &gt;&gt; It is crazy that we are all sitting on a even horizontal level. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Trey looks so small. Now I never noticed until I was looking. &gt;&gt; This was a ploy to make little old little old Trey look even smaller. Hey, sorry. Sorry, boss. Sorry for saying that, boss. &gt;&gt; Little guy host. &gt;&gt; Yeah, just a little guy host back here. But um but Chingy signed with old Trey. All right. And that's &gt;&gt; Oh, back. You got Chingy and Kyle. &gt;&gt; I got Chingy and Kyle. And listen, anybody who wants to say I haven't supported Kyle since day one. Read, show them the photo next episode. There's a photo of me following out just a tiny little Kyo signs at the ADCC Youth Championship. I've been holding it down with Kaio since, you know, before time itself. Before Helio told us that this was the art to follow. I've been hanging out with Kyio signs, you know. So, probably since he was 5 years old. I don't know how old he was in that five. I don't know. &gt;&gt; I can't wait for Kyio signs to become the greatest grappler to ever live. Multiple ADC championships. I'll be like, "Hey, look, Kyle. I know. I know you're big time now, man. You know, freaking 10 million followers, all the money in the world, the glory. Here's a photo of little old Trey with you back when you were five. It's going to be sick. But yeah, so you know I'm repping Chingy Signs also is my point here is what I had to get to. I moved on to the younger brothers, Michael and Tristan. They turned their back on me. You know, I tried to give these guys everything I could. They turned their back on me. They wanted to be with Reed. That's fine. I'm a Reed guy, too. A lot of guys don't know this cuz I make jokes. I'm a Reed guy through and through. Since day one at this company, I've been a Reed guy. &gt;&gt; Read Read White and Blue. &gt;&gt; That's right. And so, you know, but if I got to if I got to move on to Chingy and Kyle, I'll do it. And this the word on the street is this Kyle, he's a real freak, man. A real animal out there. He'll tear a dude's head off and he won't apologize for it either. All right. So, you guys have fun with K with uh Michael and Tristan. I'll be hanging out with Chingi and Kyle, the young killers that are are sleeper cells right now, waiting to be activated by, you know, the Alleycats Anonymous, you know, to be sent out into the land to do my bidding for me. So, I'm excited that Chingi is on there as well. I don't know as much about Jay Ortiz and I know Matthew Bam Bam competed on Wino. Haven't watched much of them. I know Jay had a great run at Trials, had some good matches. So, I'm excited. You know, I guess at least in my own perspective for this youth bracket where there's like two dudes that I do know I'm hip to. I'm best friends with essentially and then, you know, two new guys that I'm going to get to know soon enough. But, &gt;&gt; so if it's if it's JP Tran versus Chingy Sainz in the finals, who you rooting for? that if that happens, there's going to be a vibe like, you know, daddy just hit mommy at the dinner table. You know what I mean? It's gonna feel it's I'm gonna feel real weird like I don't I shouldn't say anything like I'm just looking around like the the corn's good. You know, it's it's going to be awkward for me. I'll just say that. So, uh you know, that would be sick. But also, that'll just tear my heart out, man. That'll tear my heart out. But, you know, I'll be there right after for whoever needs support, whoever needs celebration in the end. You know, I'll be there stepping stuff. There's, you know, &gt;&gt; have you ever seen the movie Warrior? Maybe like that. Yeah. Yeah. You know, it's like JP train comes off the mat, I'll be the first. I'll say, "Step aside, Gee. I need to talk to JP real quick." You know, I need to let him know it's going to be okay. Or vice versa. Papa signs, mama signs. Don't worry, I'll talk to Chingi. You know, but those dudes are absolute killer. So, I'm excited to watch all of them. I think this bracket is pretty sick. You're saying it's the best youth bracket ever. &gt;&gt; Best youth bracket ever. &gt;&gt; All right. B. No, I love it. Uh, you know, definitely like you said, you guys are saying, you know, it's like the next generation of the sport. I feel like these guys are coming up faster than ever and they're coming up better than ever. You know, I I think we obviously, you know, we were watching a lot of uh you know, juvenile stuff when when the Routollos and Ma and Roberto were were were coming up and we've seen what they've accomplished, you know, and I feel like that this next generation is even even better than than that generation, you know, and even more focused and and has been doing jiu-jitsu for even longer than those. And so I just feel like this this next generation is just a really special time in jiu-jitsu right now where these guys are getting big opportunities like this on the who's number one stage well before their kind of established names. But this is really an opportunity for one of them to really kick their name into kind of high gear and have the entire jiu-jitsu community kind of following their journey, you know, from from this point on. And um yeah, just can't can't speak enough to how this next generation, their jiu-jitsu is just uh it's going to it's going to keep uh evolving and &gt;&gt; going to take us to the next level. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Take us to the next level and and I I you know, I'm just pumped on it. But, you know, Matthew Vez is is a killer. Really, I was going back this weekend like Trey was saying, and I was looking through the ADC world world uh ADCC youth championships from uh 2024, and I was and you know, there's it's such a chaotic time for us. ADCC's the next day. You know, so much is going on, especially at that tournament. Um, &gt;&gt; weigh-ins, media, so much going on just for adult. &gt;&gt; Yeah, there's another jiu-jitsu tournament going on, you know, you know, like there's there's there was a lot going on. Um, but so I was going back and just looking through all that footage that we captured from ADC youth championships. Yeah. And just these guys are just everywhere, you know, and uh, man, what a cool uh, event that was. That's how we just announced that August 9th is going to be the next youth championship. So, I'm really excited for that. And yeah, you just you really got to keep an eye on these these young cats because they're going to be black belt world champion champions like in two to three years maybe even. &gt;&gt; Yeah. If that I mean you look at some of the guys who won ADCC youth worlds, that oldest division was like Jet Thompson, you know what I mean? Who's like since gone on to beat PJ BCH and win PGF and stuff, you know what I mean? these guys. It's not going to be a big leadup time until they're in charge. And like you said, uh this generation can be even better than the Mikas and the the Routolo and all that. Maybe these guys don't have a skill level skill level that exceeds theirs, but there's so many more of them that have an incredible skill level. You know what I mean? The depth is really what I think we we're seeing grow uh at such a crazy rate. Craziest youth bracket of all time is coming up March 31st. Flow grappling. Make sure you tune in. Yeah, I do want to give some credit to Mo real quick, too, because like Mo really did like he pushed the youth championship. He kind of like saw, you know, the opportunity here with like promoting this next generation on a level that probably didn't exist before. And that 2024 youth championship did pan out to be like pretty incredible and go on to like now all these kids are like they keep making waves and everything. So &gt;&gt; already if you go back and look at in there, yeah, &gt;&gt; like Jet Thompson's a great example. It's like Jet Thompson's like one of the best dudes to watch. &gt;&gt; There there was a couple names where I was like, "What? This dude was 17 or 16. Yeah. Yeah. Where I was like, "What the heck?" You know, and then obviously AOJ had so many kids there and stuff and Tristan was fighting and but it was just like every clip was basically I was like, "Oh, this is crazy that this person's fighting and this person's fighting, you know." &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, a little credit to Mo there for kind of like being the first to really push the youth uh in this way and then kind of, you know, leads to opportunities where now we're able to kind of bring these guys into a super fight show like who's number one even though they're doing a bracket, but you know, putting them on a stage like that. Um, and then he's, you know, doing the next youth championship as well. So, awesome stuff there for the next generation. Speaking of youth competitors, we we announced one more already, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. We don't need to spend as much time, but uh it will be the first ever time on who's number one that we are featuring a teen girls match. Uh we started over the last like year or so to have more of the team boys. Icro, for example, had a couple matches, things like this. Our first ever teen girls match. Got the match we wanted. Really excited about Baby Junko taking on Zoe Freeman. Uh, Baby Bay has already been world ranked. She was top four at the North American trials at only 16 years old. That should tell you the level that she's already operating at. Uh, also placed in the state in wrestling over the weekend. I think Kyios may have like won states as like a sixth grader or something. &gt;&gt; I think he did. I saw some crazy thing about that &gt;&gt; legend. What a legend. &gt;&gt; Where it was like, yeah, like &gt;&gt; history made blah blah blah. That kind of thing. Crazy. Uh, but Baby is going to take on Zoe to let you know how good Zoe is. This is a rematch where Zoe Armbar, baby already once before. Uh, and both of them just have black belt world champion written all over them. Wanted to go out and make a teen girls match happen. And everybody that I talked to who is in the know on this, which includes some ADCC people like you were talking about, they were all over these two saying, you know, got to get Baby, got to get Zoe. These two are exciting. These two are going to be, you know, helping lead this next generation. Uh, IBJJF people I talked to are also super high on uh them from what they've seen. Uh, and uh, and we have a great match here. There's going to be first of its kind, 115 pounds, Baby Junko, Zoe Freeman. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I feel like I was really impressed with Baby at the U, East Coast Trials there, you know. Did she Did she end up winning the third place match? &gt;&gt; No, she lost to Daniel Kelly. &gt;&gt; Lost the Okay. &gt;&gt; Close decision. &gt;&gt; Yep. Yep. So, so I ended up getting the fourth place, but obviously she's super young. Danielle Kelly is a is a beast and has been on in the sport for for a long time. Black belt for for a while now. Um, and so I was really impressed with Baby's run there at the East Coast Trials and and I think the East Coast Trials really like JR Ortiz made it to the second day. &gt;&gt; Fudorian. &gt;&gt; Yeah, for Fore. So JRT put in a really impressive performance at the 80CC East Coast Trials. &gt;&gt; Chingy Sains. &gt;&gt; Chingy Sain's another guy &gt;&gt; tapped out Cordova who's you know been a WO guy and has been ranked in the top 20 in the world at his weight class. &gt;&gt; I believe maybe lost to Ree I think in in the um quarters or semis there or whatever. Um, so you know, obviously Reese very well established comes from one of the best teams in in in the game and he's been on the ADCC circuit for a while too. So Chingi a lot of upsides for Cheney too, but uh yeah, I think a lot of these guys had put in really uh great performances. You know, Max Hansen as well in there, but but a whole bunch of these guys have put in uh great performances at the East Coast Trials. So, &gt;&gt; and we have we have one more super fight we're announcing today. So, we can go ahead and say this one, but our next super fight we're announcing is going to be Phipe Costa versus Sebastian Atard. Sebastian, uh, he fought one time. I believe it was W Night of Champions. He fought, uh, No, &gt;&gt; it was 25. &gt;&gt; It was 25. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Kind of vers Roberto. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. Gotcha. Yeah. At, uh, he fought Dylan Melton, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Cuz I remember he signed the the thing that was like the one night we had people sign the camera. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. Yeah. So, Sebastian Atard 1 and0, but then obviously he had that brutal injury in training where he's training with Taza, and now he's coming back. So, he's super exciting guy. Super great social media presence as well. And then Philipe Costa, like one of the most exciting grapplers we kind of have regularly on who's number one. So, that one's dropping today a podcast exclusive for you guys. You got to hear it here first, unless I make the post before this airs, but we'll see. So, we'll see if you guys like Sebastian, you know, kind of rides that like uh kind of bad guy energy a little bit down social media and stuff. &gt;&gt; We did the whole flip off babble on the podium, a band. &gt;&gt; And then I feel like, you know, &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. And then I feel like uh Felipe is ride, you know, he's a little bit more of the of the good guy. So you got kind of guys who kind of really know their roles here. Good guy versus bad guy kind of stick, you know, &gt;&gt; little heel first, you know. Exactly. Easy to easy to know, you know, who's a good guy, who's a bad guy. It's going to be like that in the room, by the way, because yeah, for this one, we're going to uh different venue, the PBS, which is smaller, more intimate. Everybody's right on top of it. That was kind of the energy that we wanted to recreate for this uh for this one. Uh, and you know, Six Blades, like who shows up like Six Blades? You know what I mean? True. Uh, so it's going to be Yeah, I'm I'm expecting just a room that's like half Philip's training partners and people who really care about him. Uh, and, uh, not as much Sebastian uh, representation in the crowd. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; You don't think they're going to make the journey from Australia? &gt;&gt; Might be tough. I assume that the leg break community is actually what's going to come out. So like, you just got a bunch of people on crutches, &gt;&gt; dudes on crutches, &gt;&gt; which is a growing community. &gt;&gt; All right, there we go, though. There's a little Polaris recap for you guys. ADCC trials preview. Make sure you guys are watching that this weekend and next. And then we got Wo 32 coming up soon. More announcements. We're going to announce the full card by the end of this week. So stay tuned on the Flow Grappling Instagram. Thank you guys for watching. We'll see you in the next episode.